B00001OH82|3.0|Setting, 1989:  I had read that there was supposed to be a new &quot;Power Station&quot; album (you know....&quot;Bang a Gong&quot;), and that David Bowie was going to be the new lead singer.  I knew that Robert Palmer hadn't toured with them, so I figured that there was some sort of problem.  I kinda liked the idea of the idea the guy who sang &quot;Let's Dance&quot; (which was all I knew about Bowie at the time) singing for Power Station, so I was on the lookout.<br />So when it came out, I figured that there was some sort of legal crap that kept them from using the Power Station name, but I recognized Bowie, so I bought it.  Well, it turns out that Tin Machine was recorded at &quot;The Power Station&quot; (I misread the article) and that was about as far as the relationship between the two bands went.  It probabaly had the dirtiest lyrics of any of the albums I had, so that helped.  Regardless, I was a senior in High School with a penchant for listing to wierd music that no one else listened to (think Rush, Yes, Marillion, and occaisionally Sinead O'Connor's &quot;The Lion and the Cobra&quot;).<br />So, without any preconcieved notions, I got into Tin Machine.  Everyone thought I was nuts.  This girl I was going out with asked me what kind of crap I was making her listen to, but I didn't understand what she didn't like!  Reeves Gabriels was great.  He played like a crazy man!  It was the guy from &quot;Modern Love&quot;!  Didn't he sound different?  Man, I din't know he was so versatile!  Those Sales brothers grooved like crazy!  They have some blood harmony or somethin'!  Really?  I LIKE this song...etc....<br />Eventually, I graduated and went to college and bought Tin Machine II, but that's another story...<br />Anyhow, I broke Tin Machine out this evening, totally at random.  You know what?  It still rocks.  I admit, parts of it sound like my friends probably heard it.  But knowing what I know about Bowie now because of this album, I know its just another one of Bowie's incarnations.  As always, he gets the opportunity to capture something that he did not get to express elsewhere.  If nothing else, pairing the intellectually controlled insanity of Gabriels with a couple of gorilla groovers like the Sales brothers on some post-glam-rocky pop rock makes Bowie a hero in my book.<br />I don't know if I suggest the album or not.  I wouldn't break it out at your next Thanksgiving dinner, but if you're feeling open-minded, give it an honest listen.  It's in no way perfect, but it definitely has a middle finger pointed somewhere.ne of Bowie's incarnations.  As always, he gets the opportunity to capture something that he did not get to express elsewhere.  If nothing else, pairing the intellectually controlled insanity of Gabriels with a couple of gorilla groovers like the Sales brothers on some post-glam-rocky pop rock makes Bowie a hero in my book.  <br />I don't know if I suggest the album or not.  I wouldn't break it out at your next Thanksgiving dinner, but if you're feeling open-minded, give it an honest listen.  It's in no way perfect, but it definitely has a middle finger pointed somewhere.
B00000J2KR|4.0|I bought this DVD as part of the Stanley Kubrick Collection (from Amazon, no less).  The film would get five stars; the DVD quality 3, so this averages out to 4. Technically it is an undistinguished disc, excellent color fidelity offset by distracting digital noise.  The sound is no better.  Subjectively, it's like high-quality AM radio reception. As for the film itself...<br />Critics and fans often marvel at Stanley Kubrick's versatility - how he paradoxically made films of such diverse subject matter that all, nonetheless, bore his uniquely identifiable stamp.  No other director's films look or feel like his.  I think Kubrick was, in part, a detached experimenter.  As fans would wonder what a Stanley Kubrick costume drama would look like, so did he. Barry Lyndon is the answer.<br />Deeply pessimistic, Barry Lyndon is full of the usual Kubrick satire and sardonic wit.  This wit extended off screen to the casting of Ryan O'Neil (a much criticized choice then as now) in the title role.  But O'Neil had the right qualities - he seemed like a charming bad-boy with a soft, naive center. He also seemed to not quite fit among the fine European actors that surrounded him - as his character did not quite fit among the aristocracy to which he aspired. O'Neil was also bankable, which made it easier to secure financing after the shocking A Clockwork Orange (which was full of unknowns).<br />Often when the film seems to be straying into earnest mawkishness (Barry bursting into tears at the drop of a hat, his friend Grogan spouting clich&eacute;s about virtue), it is really indulging in deadpan satire.  Just look a few minutes later for the droll punch line.<br />Like Hitchcock's similar manipulations in Psycho, Kubrick is setting us up.  Just when we are comfortable that we can let down our emotional guard, Barry's life takes its inevitable downturn.  Here Kubrick's immense skill as a film-maker becomes readily apparent as the same kind of material plays out with a shockingly different tone.  The 18th-century-costume-drama-isms that Kubrick had fun with earlier serve as the bars of Barry's opulent cage - and the genuinely tragic instruments of his fall from grace.  Barry Lyndon has gone from icily observant to emotionally shattering in just over three hours.<br />If you have the patience, it's a journey worth taking.  Barry Lyndon lingers in the mind for years.ifferent tone.  The 18th-century-costume-drama-isms that Kubrick had fun with earlier serve as the bars of Barry's opulent cage - and the genuinely tragic instruments of his fall from grace.  Barry Lyndon has gone from icily observant to emotionally shattering in just over three hours.  <br />If you have the patience, it's a journey worth taking.  Barry Lyndon lingers in the mind for years.
B000002H6C|5.0|This is Metallica's third album.  It is the first one after original bassist Cliff Burton had a bus dropped on him.  Forget the Napster dispute, this album was made more then a decade after the release of And Justice For All.  The older Metallica is less profane, but better, then the new Metallica.  I'd say get older Metallica like this one because the newer Metallica is more profane and isn't as good anyway.  The older is harder, more metal, and just plain better.  The lyrics are also good.  Older Metallica is good metal, better then newer.  I really reccomend this album.
6305807043|5.0|This is an inane and yet intriguing comedy/drama, and I'd highly reccomend it to anyone. The acting is superb, as is the story. Basically, a failing puppeteer takes a filing job in a building, and ends up working on the seventh and a half floor. He discovers a door with a long, grimy tunnel in his office, and when he goes in it he is whisked down several hundred feet while the door slams shut behind him. Suddenly, he's seeing through the eyes of John Malkovich. After fifteen minutes, he's spit out into the Jersey turnpike.
B000002JPA|4.0|When I got Images and Words, I was, admittedly desperate.  I was a Rush fan that would go on to write papers about Zappa in college.  A self-proclaimed prog-rock nut that had listened to Misplaced Childhood so much that it became more fact than art.  Working in a record store and spying the cover when it was released, I understood that they were considered whatever &quot;prog-rock&quot; was in the '90's and bought it.<br />At first, it was a bitter pill.  I appreciated &quot;Operation: Mindcrime&quot;, but I had a problem with the operatic vocals, and LaBrie's vocals fit in that department pretty snugly.  However, I reminded myself that LOTS of people hate Geddy Lee's vocals, and I see that as part of Rush's &quot;sound&quot;.  Eventually, I saw thier place and I was able to listen to the music.<br />And there is was.  Freakishly complex chops executed with enthusiam and clarity.  Music made for the sake of itself, not necasarliy the approval of...well...anyone.  In its own way, it even had some good songs.  You say chops for chops sake?  Well, maybe, but in the end these guy know what a melody is and they DEFINITELY know how to vary it.  The compositions have continuity - it all sounds like one song.  Heck, after a few hundred listens I could even sing along.<br />When thier next album came out, I sampled it at a store and felt like it was just too much, so I considered myself lucky to get &quot;the good one&quot; and drifted away from Dream Theater.<br />I have ended up with the Transatlantic CD recently, and it inspired me to listen to this album again, and I am still impressed by EVERYONE's performance.  I still have a problem with James LaBrie's vocals sometimes, but sometimes I like them.  I really like the fact that this could be performed live pretty much as it is.  My minds eye can visualize who is playing what and its very gratifying.  There is also an awareness of atmosphere and ambience.  A lot of people criticize various members of the band for playing too many notes, but there are times when members of the band do not play AT ALL.  A true musician knows when NOT to play.<br />Anyway, I am thinking about getting the &quot;Metropolis pt. 2&quot; album because of the hullabaloo around it.  What I did see in Images and Words was a lot of potential, and I'm wondering it &quot;Scenes From a Memory&quot; is the realization of that potential.  A lot of people have nice things to say about Jordan Ruddess, too.  Still, I wonder if it'll be as good as that Spock's Beard &quot;V&quot; I Just bought.<br />Images and Words is great.  Its what would happen if Queensryche had listened to Yes instead of Pink Floyd.  The vocals, well, I don't like them all the time, but he's not the only guy in the band, is he?ying too many notes, but there are times when members of the band do not play AT ALL.  A true musician knows when NOT to play.  <br />Anyway, I am thinking about getting the &quot;Metropolis pt. 2&quot; album because of the hullabaloo around it.  What I did see in Images and Words was a lot of potential, and I'm wondering it &quot;Scenes From a Memory&quot; is the realization of that potential.  A lot of people have nice things to say about Jordan Ruddess, too.  Still, I wonder if it'll be as good as that Spock's Beard &quot;V&quot; I Just bought.<br />Images and Words is great.  Its what would happen if Queensryche had listened to Yes instead of Pink Floyd.  The vocals, well, I don't like them all the time, but he's not the only guy in the band, is he?
B00003CXDG|5.0|you guys are stupid...it was a great movie
B000002UC5|5.0|Of course, this album can't be compared to any of the Beatles' work, because you can't dismiss the Lennon, Harrison and Starr efforts. Of course, this album can't even be compared to &quot;Ram&quot; or &quot;Band Of The Run&quot;, as examples of the greatest music Sir James Paul McCartney has ever done. But the listening experience you can live through &quot;McCartney&quot;, the 1970 solo debut by Paul is really relaxing and fun, if you have the disposition to enjoy it and understand the context in which it was conceived, recorded and released. The man was tired of being a Beatle (I think everyone in the band was, look at &quot;Plastic Ono Band&quot; or &quot;All Things Must Pass&quot;), but when the group splitted up, he must have felt some isolation, he must have had a feeling of &quot;what am I going to do now?, my life has completely changed, I've lost my friends, I don't even have a band...&quot;. He must have felt anxious and nervous, but &quot;The Lovely Linda&quot; was there. And she helped not only on the background harmonies and the photography for the album cover and inner pictures, but to focus Paul into taking care of his family and being the &quot;man at home&quot; that he wasn't during the Beatles period, as an attempt to give his life a complete and new sense. This album celebrates this spirit, as it was made mainly at home, by Paul recording all the instruments (yes, he played guitars, keyboards, bass, drums and percussion) and vocals, helped by Linda: because &quot;if no-one wants to do it, you must do it yourself&quot;. &quot;Maybe I'm Amazed&quot; must be the best song Paul McCartney has ever recorded as a solo artist: its crying guitar solos (in this song and in &quot;The End&quot; on the &quot;Abbey Road&quot; Beatles album you can appreciate Paul as a great lead guitarist), and its painful piano parts make the perfect company for one of the best vocal performances Paul has ever made (maybe along with &quot;Hey Jude&quot;) and the sincere and emotive lyrics of the man who is searching the meaning of his life and thinks he has found it in the love of his wife, although the inner contradictions are so strong that they can amaze and confuse him, making him act the wrong way...  But this is the only &quot;painful&quot; one in the album, as the rest (with the exception made of &quot;Kreen-Akrore&quot;, a track that I don't understand, and don't hear too much either) is a celebration to the peace of mind and fun that this home life can bring to Paul and Linda: &quot;Every Night&quot; (my personal favourite) is a joyful and simple anthem to the happiness that a good love can bring to your life; &quot;Junk&quot; (and &quot;Singalong Junk&quot;, its paired instrumental) is a quite sad but good-arranged Beatle left-over, as is &quot;Teddy Boy&quot;, and all of them, together with &quot;The Lovely Linda&quot; and the excellent and under-rated &quot;Hot As Sun/Glasses&quot; (the best instrumental by far) make the perfect acoustic/pop side to this album. You can also find rock: specially in the very good instrumentals &quot;Valentine Day&quot; and &quot;Momma Miss America&quot;, the screaming &quot;Oo You&quot; and &quot;That Would Be Something&quot; (a track that even George Harrison liked...). I would reccomend this album mainly because you can note the spirit of peace-after-the-storm (or life after the Beatles) in which it was recorded, and you can illuminate your own life (no matter how old are you: I'm just 18 and it helped!) with the happiness it shows amongst almost all the tracks; and also, because it is a good way to appreciate Sir James Paul McCartney as an accomplished multi-instrumentist, as the bass &amp; guitar lines, the keyboard parts and the drumming effects are amazing. (P.S.: I know this &quot;homelife&quot; spirit is also present in John &amp; Yoko's &quot;Double Fantasy&quot;, but what's the use of comparing John Lennon to Paul McCartney? They are both different musicians with different styles, and this variety within the unity was the very thing that gave the Beatles the tremendous musical spectrum they could reach through their music.)
0399146253|3.0|I look forward to Patricia Cornwell's new books &amp; tend, lately, to be a bit disappointed.  I think her first 3-4 books were the best, when she stayed in &amp; around Richmond rather than jet setting to Europe to catch a killer.  Believe me, there are plenty in Richmond for her to hunt!<br />I was intrigued at the thought of getting a bit more personal look at Scarpetta through this introspective novel.  I thought it would be a treat to learn a bit more about what makes her tick.  Now that I've seen, I don't think I like!  I saw her as self-pitying &amp; it just isn't what Scarpetta is supposed to be.  While it was interesting to get a more personal look at her, I just didn't like what I saw...<br />450 pages makes it a long read, but not too tough.  Once again, however, it seems Ms. Cornwell realizes the book is getting long &amp; she abruptly ends, leaving you to turn back a few dozen pages to see if you skipped a few, or just missed something along the way.<br />If you haven't read Patricia Cornwell, start at the beginning.  If you start here, you may not go back.  It's a better book than some recent releases, but still not as good as the first.
B00003CX8J|3.0|IN A WORLD, WHERE HUMANS FEAR MUTANTS, AND ONLY THEY CAN SAVE US FROM OTHER NUTANTS WHO WANT TO DESTROY US; X MEN STARRING HUGH JACKMAN, WAS A GOOD MOVIE,HUGH JACKMAN HAS A STRONG SCREEN PRESENCE,AND REALLY PLAYS THE PART OF WOLVERINE PERFECTLY, I MEAN, I DID THINK THE MOVIE SHOULD HAVE TOUCHED ON WOLVERINES BERSERKER RAGE ,THAT MAKES EM GO WILD, AND SAVAGE, IT WOULD HAVE BEEN GREAT TO SEE THAT IN THE SCENES CLIMACTIC FIGHT SCENE AT THE END WITH SABER TOOTH.BUT I DID LIKE IT, HEY I SAW IT 4 TIMES, BUT I DID WISH THAT COMING TO THE END, THE FIGHT WITH SABER TOOTH AND WOLVERINE, SHOULD HAVE BEEN LONGER AND COULD HAVE USED SOME MORE PUNCH TO IT, BUT STILL I THINK X MEN FANS AND PEOPLE WHO JUST WANT TO SEE A PRETTY GOOD MOVIE WITH A WELL THOUGHT OUT SCRIPT , WILL REALLY LIKE X MEN, ITS NOT SOME MINDLESS ACTION FLICK, BUT A MOVIE WITH HEART, SO GET READY TRUE BELIEVERS RENT OR GO BUY THE TAPE OR THE DVD AND HAVE THE X MEN IN YOUR LIVING ROOM FOR THE NIGHT, AND HEY, I CANT WATE FOR PART 2, WELL THATS ALL FOLKS
B00002EPJH|5.0|You know when everything is going right on a cold winter's evening.  The fire is lit, there is something warm in the oven and the lights are low.  All you need now is this CD.  The music is gentle and lyrical.  It has the kind of ease that could be confused with upscale elevator music, but it's far from that.  You can sit and listen to this for hours in it's own right, or have it as the background music for a perfect evening in.  There are only two words left to say...buy it!
B00004ZAV3|5.0|One hundred years from now when historians are discussing the merits of 20th Century pop music, they won't be debating the necessity of &quot;Beatles One&quot;, they will merely focus on the greatness of these 27 songs(and MANY other Beatle tunes). Sure, this CD is a marketing coup for Capitol Records, but it's also the most enjoyable 79 minutes of music ever assembled on a single disc. The remastering job is first-rate. Many tunes -- &quot;Can't Buy Me Love&quot;, &quot;Eight Days A Week&quot;, and &quot;Day Tripper&quot; to name a few -- receive a much needed sonic facelift. The rhythm guitars on these tracks come shining through like never before. I was blown away by the sharpness of Ringo's snare and Paul's punchy bass on &quot;Help&quot;. (Listen with headphones and see if you don't agree...) I've heard &quot;Yesterday&quot; thousands of times, but never has it sounded so crisp and so alive! The clarity of the string quartet (left channel)is stunning. For the first time, a distinction can be made between the violins, the viola and the cello and the result is breathtaking. Best of all is &quot;Penny Lane&quot;, which can now be heard as the true pocket symphony that it is. Layer upon layer of pianos, flutes, and horns fill a soundscape that is nothing short of magical. Paul's double-tracked vocal really leaps out and the bass and drums are absolutely remarkable. In fact, most of the tracks sound better than ever -- the only exceptions, in my opinion, being &quot;From Me to You&quot; and &quot;All You Need is Love&quot; which seem to be lacking a little punch. The packaging is also top-notch. The glossy mini-booklet includes photos of the original picture sleeves for each song. Other than a short introduction by George Martin, no written text is included, but the photos more than make up for this omission. Overall, &quot;Beatles One&quot; is a quality package. Yes, it's repetitive. No, it's not essential, especially not for those who own every disc in the Beatlescatalogue. However, it would provide a marvelous introduction for younger fans who may not be familar with the Beatles'work. But most of all, the merit of the songs can not be debated. These 27 songs are, quite simply, some of the greatest songs of the 20th Century. Enjoy  them all!
0385484518|4.0|When Mitch Albom, a sports writer for the &quot;Detroit Free Press, accidentally discovered that his college professor and mentor of twenty years ago, Morrie Schwartz, was dying from ALS (commonly known as Lou Gehrig's Disease), he felt compelled to fly to Massachusetts to renew the old relationship.  The first Tuesday meeting led to weekly meetings every Tuesday for the next twelve weeks during which Schwartz once again became the mentor and Albom the pupil.  In simple and effective language, Albom chronicles these meetings which served to fill a need in each man's life.  For the dying Schwartz, the meetings became an oasis of friendship, love, and purpose on which he could focus during his time of terrible suffering.  For Albom the meetings became a prism through which he could see facets of his own life with greater clarity.<br />The story is inspirational rather than maudlin.  It forces readers to reflect on the fact of their own mortality and on the state of their relationships with those who are closest to them. I found it deeply moving.  I recommend the book to you.
B00000I8DY|5.0|Veronique Gens is a superb soprano and can stand comparison with any other Fiordiligi on record. Trained with Les Arts Florissants in Charpentier and Rameau, Gens has now turned into a fabulous Mozart soprano. She can sail trough all the fioriture with admirable ease and no part of the role holds terrors for her. Her admirable Dorabella is alto Bernarda Fink, who also has a most lovely voice and engaging personality. They work extremely well as sisters, which can not be said of every other recording of Cosi. Worst offender is Colin Davis, whose 1974 recording has Montserrat Caballe and Janet Baker as the sisters. In spite of being great singers both, they sound much too old for fifteen year olds, in fact all the cast save  Despina sound middle age and therefore silly. Gardiner's video production in Archiv will give you an idea on how Cosi fan Tutte should look on the theatre, but this recording is if anything, even better conducted and sung. Of course we could all prefer other singers in certain roles, my favorites would be: Lisa della Casa or Lella Cuberli as Fiordiligi, Teresa Berganza peerless Dorabella, Lucia Popp as Despina, Leopold Simoneau as Ferrando, Rolando Panerai as Guglielmo and Gabriel Bacquier as Don Alfonso. But Renee Jacobs cast is very satisfying and gives enormous pleasure. His wonderful orchestra is a minor miracle, superb in all departments. This beautiful recording goes straight to the top of the list!
B00002EPJH|5.0|You know when everything is going right on a cold winter's evening.  The fire is lit, there is something warm in the oven and the lights are low.  All you need now is this CD.  The music is gentle and lyrical.  It has the kind of ease that could be confused with upscale elevator music, but it's far from that.  You can sit and listen to this for hours in it's own right, or have it as the background music for a perfect evening in.  There are only two words left to say...buy it!
B00003CWTI|5.0|What can I say about Magnolia?  Excellent script, fantastic acting, wonderful soundtrack, beautiful cinematography.  It's just a beautiful film.  Sometimes the actual beauty of it all overwhelmed me and I found myself teary eyed.  And that wasn't even because of the story.  I have seen many people praise this film highly, and others say it's garbage.  This is not just in the reviews posted here so far but also from my friends, teachers, and the media.  This film definitely isn't for everybody.  It's a complicated film released in a simple world.  Just as music lacks complexity today, so do films, for the most part.  With films like American Beauty and Being John Malkovich, and especially Magnolia, it seems an artistic revival is coming back.  I honestly don't understand how anybody could dislike this movie, but I realize that it takes a certain kind of person to enjoy it.  And I'm that kind of person.  As for the DVD itself, it's a great buy, especially when you like the movie.  For one thing the sound and picture is great, and it contains a 2nd DVD full of bonus goodies.
B000003S0Z|5.0|I first heard &quot;Before and After Science&quot; when I was in high school in 1982, and I was utterly blown away.  What a great album!  What extraordinary songs!  I quickly obtained other albums but this one remains my favorite.  I love &quot;Another Green World,&quot; &quot;Taking Tiger Mountain By Strategy,&quot; &quot;Here Come the Warm Jets,&quot; and several of his ambient albums as well.  I also like &quot;Nerve Net,&quot; released in '92.  I recommend all of these to anyone who likes a well-written song with interesting lyrics, magnificent guitar work (by Robert Fripp), and a great beat.  Brian Eno is a genius.
B00005657Z|5.0|dude, get it. it's fantastarastic!!!
B000005ZGZ|5.0|Three words:  Fugazi is amazing.<br />Up to this album, I had owned ever other Fugazi album since the first in 1987.  I had thought Fugazi was a great band, but not my favorite.  After experiencing this album, Fugazi is now my absolute favorite band ever.  Right away the CD begins with a powerful song &quot;Break&quot;.  It slows down to some songs with unbelievable musical talent like &quot;Place Position&quot; and &quot;Five Corporations&quot;.  The masterpiece of the CD, and of the band, is &quot;Closed Captioned&quot;.  They seemed to do everything right in this song.  The guitar is so unbelievable you cant even picture in your head what they're doing.  The slow melodic drum solo at the end of the song is amazing, yet seemingly simple... it's not.  &quot;Arpegiator&quot; is Fugazi basically flaunting their musical talents.  Its an instrumental which is based on the arpegio scale and with both guitars doing an overlapping &quot;Row Your Boat&quot; type of effect.  Candy for the ears.  It ends with &quot;F/D&quot; a typical Fugazi ending; strange guitar effects behind a crunching riff.  Beginning to end it is the be CD I've ever heard.  This is one of those CD's I put in the player and don't stop until it ends, an hour later.  BUY NOW!  You won't be disappointed... unless, of course, they follow through with their plans that this will be theyre last full length CD.  BOO HOO!!
630027120X|5.0|I always scratch my head a little when they say viewing this movie increases their Christian devotion.  As a Christian myself, I arrive at the end of the movie depressed.  To ask whether you would have been Irons' or DeNiro's character misses the point; both met the same fate.  The ending is almost fatalistic.  The film itself is great; the musical score is outstanding.  I owned the soundtrack on cassette and wore it out.
B000002H2H|5.0|I can't compare this to any other Metallica cd except for Master of Puppets and Metallica (The Black Album).  Even though I've almost heard every song of theirs from my friends and the radio I only own these three.(Which I plan to get more)  So I'm going to compare it with Master of Puppets.  This cd is a little bit better than Master of Puppets.  With songs like Ride the Lightning, For Whom The Bells Toll, and Fight Fire with Fire this cd is a little more harder.  Though Master of Puppets has great hard songs like Battery, Disposable Heroes, and Damage Inc it's not the same not for a bad way at all.  Master of Puppets is definitely five stars ,but not as quite good.  What i'm trying to say is that you had a choice of choosing either Master of Puppets or Ride the Lightning I would suggest choosing Ride the Lightning.(I hope I didn't offend the people who like Master of Puppets better than Ride the Lightning)
0062502182|3.0|Curious about the buzz this book has generated, I picked it up, prepared to be inspired.  I wasn't.  It's a nice little fable -- one that you could even read to your kids -- but I didn't find in it any wisdom for the ages.  Here's the basic message: &quot;Trust your intuition.  Follow your dreams.&quot;  Heard it before?  Yeah, I thought so.<br />There really aren't any deep thoughts in the The Alchemist.  It's basically a kind of New Age fairy tale.  It exhorts you to think big but doesn't really make you think too much.  Some have compared it to Kahlil Gibran's The Prophet.  Not even close.  That thin volume makes you stop every few sentences to ponder its wisdom.  It's not much of a story but it's definitely deep.  The Alchemist is exactly the opposite:  an endearing little story but no great strain on the intellect.<br />Maybe it will cheer you up.  Maybe it will give you the encouragement you need to chase your dream.  If so, you probably didn't need much of a boost in the first place.
0375707972|5.0|A truly remarkable work by Schlink. The book grips you from the very start and fills you with conflicting and ultimately philosophical emotions. The compelling characters strongly convey our feeble human nature and in an uncompromising manner, stress the totality and melancholic finality of our existence.  A story of immutable guilt and self destruction, not only of the blameworthy (Hanna) but also of the innocent (Michael). As a Jew, the book left me with very strong impressions as well as with some different perspectives to grasp the ungraspable.  And yet, as in life, there is no closure in the book - for Michael, Hanna or the victims.  But most importantly - there is no closure for the burdened German conscience. Perhaps there should never be one.   This is a book I would carry within me for a long while.
0767800958|2.0|Only one interesting dance scene - the Libertango. Everything else is total and complete nonsense. What a waste of talent - the dancers and the cinematographer! And, por favor, Sally, no more singing!
B00002DE2L|4.0|Anne-Sophie Mutter is my favorite violinist and this CD is clearly meant to be fun.  There are photographs of Mutter with the gentlemen comprising the Trondheim (Norway) Soloists and the colorful paintings of the German artist, Gotthard Graubner are what supposedly inspired Mutter to make this particular recording.  It is a little surprising then, that this CD is so very typically unsurprising.  This is in no way meant as a criticism; it is, instead, a compliment.<br />Mutter's virtuosity is, as always, beyond reproach.  She and the Trondheim Soloists go beyond themselves to capture the very essence of Vivaldi's extraordinary creativity and playfulness.  It has become fashionable, however, to attempt a new interpretation of this beautiful score.  In fact, the compulsion to do something new and different with Vivaldi's music makes each new performance of The Four Seasons akin to a familiar, but well-loved, battlefield.<br />The Mutter/Trondheim approach is best typified in Autumn.  The first movement begins on a rather  conservative note but the tempos soon get pulled around so much the listener feels rather drunk and disoriented.  The movement's middle section is almost refined and the hunt that follows sounds as though it is taking place in Handel's England rather than in Vivaldi's Italy.<br />Early in her career, Mutter recorded this very same music with Herbert von Karajan.  That interpretation was so smooth, so mellow and so gorgeous, and Mutter's extraordinary talent was showcased to such perfection, that this recording can't help but pale beside it.<br />This is an interesting CD and it certainly is a lot of fun, even though I doubt that it accomplishes all that Mutter wanted it to.  The conversation between Mutter and Harald Wieser, included in the booklet, seems to indicate the playful and whimsical nature with which we are supposed to receive this recording.  Okay, playful it is.  But I think Anne-Sophie Mutter is so good, so accomplished and so extraordinary, that she deserved something just a little better.
0790751305|3.0|The real star of this movie is Gene Hackman, who is in most of the scenes. I was disappointed in this movie, in that I had hoped it would have been the types of Clint Eastwood western I've always liked.  Instead, it is too preachy, and listening to Eastwood's character moralize about killing and violence was a bit too much.  What little action there was, however, was excellent. If one is viewing &quot;Unforgiven&quot; and expecting to see another &quot;High Plains Drifter&quot; or &quot;The Outlaw Josey Wales,&quot; they will be sadly disappointed.  Eastwood could have done better and made a western more true to his form.
B000022TSV|5.0|Although I like Carmen, it is not one of my favorite operas. I have seen it performed many times and have always felt somewhat let down, probably because widespread use of the music in cartoons and advertisements tends to make it seem trite. However, this is absolutely my favorite DVD and it actually is the reason that I bought my DVD player (the VCR version is pitifully truncated, especially the knife fight). Few songs are overused more than the Toreador song but I was nonetheless bowled over my the smoky masculinity of Raimondo as Escamillo and his performance of the Toreador song is far and away my favorite. Escamillo serves as a counterpoint to the tragic Don Jose who is emasculated by his desire for Carmen. Domingo is, without doubt, one of the worlds best tenors. His singing, as always, is excellent and his acting brings out the tragedy of the don Jose character. Julia Migenes is perfect as the gypsy temptress. She is dark and sexy and dangerous. Yes, she has hair under her armpits and she rolls a cigar on her thigh but I do not expect a gypsy temptress to look like Catherine Deneuve. She also sings the part of Carmen beautifully. I also like the lesser scenes which are rarely mentioned, such as the knife fight and fugue where the smugglers and the gypsy women are gathered together in the tavern. I cannot imagine which scenes are regarded as cheesy by Maltin and other critics. They must be seeing something that I miss. I consider myself to be an opera lover and an art film aficionado and this Carmen ranks in my highest category.
B00004XONN|5.0|I think my expectations were a bit lofty after OK Computer basically became the album by which I compare all others.  When I got my hands on KidA, I didnt know what to do with it.  It didnt grab me right away.  But then neither did OK Comp... so I gave it a few more spins, and it has really grown on me.  Not quite as isolating as its predicessor, Kid A is another spectacular album.  <br />Idiotheque and Motion Picture Soundtrack are particularly strong cuts.  Despite the experimentation with song forms and instrumentation (sins that often sink lesser bands)Kid A is a remarkably engaging and enjoyable cd all the way through.  Thom York has emerged as the frontman of what seems to to be an alt-rock dynasty.
0930289528|5.0|It is perhaps simplistic to declare that &quot;V for Vendetta&quot; is Alan Moore's version of George Orwell's &quot;1984.&quot;  Orwell came up with his &quot;prophetic&quot; title by reversing the last two digits of the year in which he wrote his book.  Moore began his story in 1982, picturing a future that was around the corner and setting his tale in then late 1990s in a Britain that had become a fascist state.  Moore worked from the assumption that in 1983 the Conservatives would lose the elections and that the Labour Party would remove American missiles from the British Isles, which meant that England would no longer be a target during a nuclear war.  In the post-holocaust Britain of the 1990s, Moore posited a Fascist takeover.  The title character of V is a one time victim of a concentration camp medical experiment who is now an enigmatic hero wearing a grinning Guy Fawkes mask; Fawkes was one of the conspirators in the Gunpowder Plot that was an attempt to assassinate King James I of England.  In the opening chapter V sets his sights on The Voice of Fate, the official voice of the government's propagandistic lies.  From that small but significant initial victory, the battle continues.<br />There is something decidedly &quot;English&quot; about &quot;V for Vendetta,&quot; and not simply because of the setting.  Moore can talk about Harlan Ellison's &quot;'Repent, Harlequin!' Said the Ticktockman&quot; and &quot;Fahrenheit 451&quot; being among the elements he drew upon to create his own brave new world, but it is clear that he owes more to Orwell and Huxley, to Robin Hood and &quot;The Prisoner,&quot; than American manifestations of the same impulse to freedom.  V is not a superhero, even if the medical experiments have somehow made him more than human.  Sometimes we forget that a lot of our heritage, both culturally as well as politically, comes from England, and on one level this work reminds us of our English roots.<br />It is ironic that Moore tells his story as a graphic novel because traditionally your comic book superhero is essentially a fascist vigilante.  However, Moore succeeds in finding the perfect context to turn the traditional approach on its head.  Most people have no conception of what is meant by the term &quot;Fascism.&quot;  They equate the idea with Hitler, although it was coined by Mussolini, and Hitler means Nazis, Anti-Semitism and Concentration Camps.  Of course, Moore knows better.  Fascism is based on the &quot;struggle&quot; for &quot;order\\" wherein the ends justify all sorts of means.  This dynamic clearly runs counter to the democratic ideals of &quot;liberty&quot; and &quot;property.&quot;  Historically, then, we are confronted with the monumental irony that although the Fascists lost World War II, the Cold War was on one level the triumph of Fascism, a period where we allowed all sorts of travesties, from the McCarthy witch hunts to Nixon's executive orders in the name of &quot;national security.&quot;  Moore brings the idea of fascism home.  If you cannot recognize it in England's green and pleasant fields then you are never going to recognize it when it walks down Main Street in your hometown, U.S.A.  Don't you think you should?<br />David Lloyd is the artist for the &quot;V for Vendetta&quot; series, although Tony Weare did the art for &quot;Vincent&quot; and some additional art on &quot;Valerie&quot; and &quot;The Vacation.&quot;  Notice the pattern?  All of the chapter headings in each issue begin or at least include the letter &quot;V.&quot;  Lloyd's peculiar style is particularly well suited to this particular storyline.  It is odd and a bit off, just like the world it is depicting.  Lloyd, Siobhan Dodds and Steve Whitaker did the coloring, and I give them special mention because there is a carefully constructed style that also fits the mood and tenor of the tale.story as a graphic novel because traditionally your comic book superhero is essentially a fascist vigilante.  However, Moore succeeds in finding the perfect context to turn the traditional approach on its head.  Most people have no conception of what is meant by the term &quot;Fascism.&quot;  They equate the idea with Hitler, although it was coined by Mussolini, and Hitler means Nazis, Anti-Semitism and Concentration Camps.  Of course, Moore knows better.  Fascism is based on the &quot;struggle&quot; for &quot;order\\" wherein the ends justify all sorts of means.   This dynamic clearly runs counter to the democratic ideals of &quot;liberty&quot; and &quot;property.&quot;  Historically, then, we are confronted with the monumental irony that although the Fascists lost World War II, the Cold War was on one level the triumph of Fascism, a period where we allowed all sorts of travesties, from the McCarthy witch hunts to Nixon's executive orders in the name of &quot;national security.&quot;  Moore brings the idea of fascism home.  If you cannot recognize it in England's green and pleasant fields then you are never going to recognize it when it walks down Main Street in your hometown, U.S.A.  Don't you think you should?<br />David Lloyd is the artist for the &quot;V for Vendetta&quot; series, although Tony Weare did the art for &quot;Vincent&quot; and some additional art on &quot;Valerie&quot; and &quot;The Vacation.&quot;  Notice the pattern?  All of the chapter headings in each issue begin or at least include the letter &quot;V.&quot;  Lloyd's peculiar style is particularly well suited to this particular storyline.  It is odd and a bit off, just like the world it is depicting.  Lloyd, Siobhan Dodds and Steve Whitaker did the coloring, and I give them special mention because there is a carefully constructed style that also fits the mood and tenor of the tale.
0399146369|1.0|Let me start off this review with the fact that I have loved the Kay Scarpetta novels from the beginning, but this book just did not grab me.   I am used to the heroine being a strong, independent woman, and in this novel, Kay is just plain weak and whiny.  She goes from being a depressed woman whose intimate companion has been killed to just plain pathetic.  The case is easily closed, and I had it solved within the first 50 pages.  I have no empathy for the character anymore.  She cries to anybody who will hear her, and is not at all the character she once was-- someone who has a genuine interest in helping her victims obtain justice.<br />Also, while I have no problem with the homosexual views presented in the other novels. Every female in this installment is, or may be gay, which simply does not mirror standard life.  While I realize that Ms. Cornwell is gay, having all female characters examine their sexual identity is not at all believable.  Kay has always been an individual who is firm in her self-image, and I was disappointed to see her struggle with her idea of herself.  What's next?  A novel in which Kay comes out?  Pul-ease. . . <br />Again, I stress the fact that I genuinely enjoy Patricia Cornwell's novels.  I've read and re-read them for the past six years, and have eagerly awaited each new installment, but &quot;The Last Precinct&quot; definitely left me wanting.  Ms. Cornwell, please go back to your roots in &quot;Body of Evidence,&quot; &quot;Postmortem,&quot; and &quot;From Potter's Field.&quot;
6302824729|5.0|The Karate Kid Part II is a great movie.  In my opinion, it isn't as great as the first one, but it has a wonderful element in it that makes it a great movie.  There is some incredible drama in this movie.<br />The movie takes Mr. Miyagi and Daniel LaRusso to Okinawa where Mr. Miyagi faces three challenges:  The death of his father, Falling in love with his old sweetheart, and Sato, his old friend who has vowed revenge on Miyagi.<br />I think some of the greatest drama I've seen takes place in this movie.  In the first movie Daniel turns to Miyagi for help in everything, but in this movie there is a scene right after Miyagi's father dies where Daniel is comforting Miyagi explaining what he went through when his father died.  I think that is wonderful drama.<br />If you liked the first Karate Kid, then I would say that you will like the second one also.  It has a similar feel only with a totally different setting.  Still very good.
1878424319|5.0|A short but powerful book that deserves far more attention than its size might imply.  While the truths might seem obvious, knowing them is only half the battle - implementing them is the second, tougher half. Once one learns to not take things personally, suddenly many of life's annoyances fall by the wayside as so much irrelevancy.  And it is in the application that the book's small size becomes an asset, as one can reread the relevant passages over and over until it sinks in and becomes a new outlook on life. The key is not to just do what it says, but FEEL what it says, and this book helps you do that.
B000051VWW|5.0|SHE'S MAKE THE WAIT WORTH WAITING FOR WITH ALL THE LOW QUAILTY MUSIC OUT OVER ALL THE YEARS. SHE BRINGS US ALL BACK TO WHEN SWEET LOVE MUSIC WAS JUST THAT PLAIN AND SIMPLE. THE ALBUM IS FIRE. NOT ONLY BOUT LOVE BUT OTHER ISSUES AS WELL. ITS LIFE ITS MUSIC ITS HER, SADE THANKS!
B000000W3G|4.0|I wouldn't rate this quite as high as the &quot;real&quot; Pumpkins albums. If you are a Pumpkins Fan ( like I am ) you will love this, if you hate them to death, this won't convert you ( read : enlight you and fill you with happiness ). Some of the B-Sides are among the best Songs the Pumpkins ever wrote: Cherry, Ugly, The Aeroplane flies high, Pennies, Blank, Rotten Apples ( the most beautyful, yet somehow depressing lyrics Billy ever wrote ). Cherry or Pennies are a bit more pop than usual but what does that matter with a Band like the Pumpkins? But somehow, it doesn't all deliver: James Iha has his brilliant Moments ( Said Sadly ), but overall he falls flat when you listen to Billy's Songs. Some tracks are obviously B-Sides ( Transformer, Set the Ray to Jerry ) that don't come close to the other ones. <br />In the End, this is essential for any Pumpkins Fan, but it doesn't come close to the eternal masterpiece they did with &quot;Pieces Iscariot&quot; where B-Sides are actually better than the &quot;official&quot; material. Stick with that if you want an Introduction to the Pumpkin's B-Sides. For the regular Albums, stick with &quot;Mellon Collie&quot;, &quot;Gish&quot;, or &quot;Adore&quot;. ( then you'll buy all the rest anyway)
B000051VWW|5.0|It's been a long wait but it was worth it. I don't [think] itneeds more hip hop to it.  That's not sade.  Sade = all the&quot;S's&quot; in Life = senuous, silky, smooth, sexy - touching allyour &quot;Senses&quot;!  Put on your silk pj's, pour a smooth glassof wine, and indulge yourself!
B00004XONN|5.0|Fuse ambient music with sounds that could only eminate from Radiohead and you have a very interesting, imaginative process brewing. This is exactly what this CD is all about.  From the first track, I knew I'd be hooked. Actually, the first few chords immediately reminded me of Brian Eno's work.  Wonderful reverberation lines like &quot;Women and Children First&quot; and &quot;Where'd you park the car?&quot; with the fading in and out background noises are amazing!  Pop this CD in while weaving in and out of traffic or just for a mind escape.  I've always admired Radiohead's uniqueness and this comes from one whose musical influences range from Neil Young, Bob Dylan, the Doors, classical music, ambient/techno and more.  Buy this CD and give it a few listens. There will be no radio hits that come from this CD (except college radio, of course)  but that's the beauty of it! Who wants to be mainstream?  It may or may not immediately grow on you but I love it! It's an absolute keeper!
B00004XOWM|4.0|Well, from what i've heard of the new album, i feel the hype going to be bigger than the last one they had, when it comes out.Some of the songs are already hits, and once its out it will be the best cd theyve bought since the three dolla bill cd. I know personally i will like it better than the last one, even though the last one was still awsome. They still have the same style, but now its like improved beats and i think it will be what really gives them the hype they deserve.
B000002BBY|5.0|If you are on the fence about this album I'll give you some advice...BUY IT!  And here's why...  Anyone who doesn't like the album admits that its catchy but didn't like it for two reasons.  First thier (Oasis') attitude. Oasis has been known to be arrogant.  So the hell what!  It's deserved and you're going to tell me that artists like eminem and marilyn manson are the people of impecable moral fiber everyone should listen to!?!  If that didn't do it Noel has retracted some of the things he said in his earlier years. i.e. &quot;We are the greatest band ever.&quot;   Secondly, people are so pretentious that they feel that it would be wrong to like something that sounds so like the Beatles.  Instead, they bash the brothers Gallagher for THEIR pretention in creating music so like the Beatles, calling them thiefs and a multitude of other nasty names as if pinching and tweaking a few bars on a song suddenly became illegal (I have terrible news...Everyone does it!).  There are words other than steal, rob, and lift.  A more accurate word would be &quot;influence&quot;.  Oasis was INFLUENCED by: The Who, Stones, Sex Pistols, and of course the Beatles. However, Oasis' SONGS are not similar to the Beatles and they are by no means lifted. No lyrics, riffs or hooks are taken. What is similar to the Beatles is the album's production (guitar tone, ratios, effects, etc.)  This makes you feel like you have heard the tune before even though you never have.  It's not stolen!  It's the sign of a truely great song. Something the Beatles were masters at and Oasis isn't at all bad.<br />Let me give you the truth.  This album is a joy to listen to.  It has honestly been the most played disk in my collection for 5 years.  If you might buy Morning Glory, don't listen to the people who bash it.  If you are one of those people who did bash it; get off your high horse and admit you like the music that you can't help but tap your foot to.
B00004W3MS|5.0|Sigur Rós come from a land where cities operate when volcanoes are erupting next to them.  Where school's take day trips to the largest glacier in Europe.  Where it can be cloudless one minute, and then start to thunder the next.  Iceland is a place of nature, and this CD is almost a culling of the energy that surrounds Icelanders day by day.<br />The best description of Ágætis Byrjun (Good Start in Icelandic) can be described as noise with a melody.  It's like a merry-go-round played on slow motion.  All different kinds of lights, animals, colours, and movement take place in one orchestrated ballet.  The music that you'll find on Ágætis Byrjun isn't so much the rhythm influenced music that surrounds us day by day, but a collection of the primal sounds found in nature.  This CD delights me day by day, and I couldn't think of a reason not to buy it.
B000002MP2|5.0|With his sneering accent, appreciation of melody and lyrical udnerstanding of what life is like for a Generation X youth whose heart and soul aren't entirely empty, Billie Joe Armstrong is peerless. With its fast and memorable sound this goes in first time and can be sung joyously. With themes including leaving home (Welcome To Paradise, in which his singing takes on a Bob Mould edge), S&amp;M (I think)(Pulling Teeth), feeling pathetic and bored (Burnout, Longview) and coming out (Coming Clean) it's no wonder so many people identified with this. Basket Case is perhaps up with Teen Spirit for importance. Overall I'd consider Welcome To Paradise, Basket Case, Sassafras Roots, Eminius SLeepus and Longview to be the top 5. Whilst I think Insomniac is a better disc overall I'd recommend this.
B00003CX8J|4.0|I thought that this DVD is top-quality, but I felt that the way the deleted scenes are accessed was distracting.  I would prefer that they either substitute the deleted scenes into the movie, or make them available at the end (which they are).  However, to watch them as part of the movie, the movie pauses, then the deleted or modified scene is shown, and then it pauses again to return to where it left off.  Not the best system in my opinion.<br />Otherwise, the disc looks and sounds great!
0671034065|4.0|I'm not a huge Linda Howard fan, so this book was a perfect surprize. The story is entertaining and had an intriguingly dark thread, and most of the characters are appealing. Parts of this story are just laugh out loud funny. Though the relationship between the protagonists evolves in perfectly predictable fashion, the dialog is sharp and witty and fairly plausible. <br />Someday, though, I'd love to read a story where it takes longer than a second for the heroine to recognize the scary bad boy is really the hot sexy bad boy. Howard tries to draw it out here, but just can't resist the easy almost mid-stream persona switching.<br />It took a little while for me to keep the characters sorted out, but I kind of liked that here. It meant I had to read with more attention and the distinguishing details and antics were worth it. In this book I think Howard does a very good job with the secondary characters (the scene where Jaine is in bed with hunk Sam talking on the phone to her sister is clearly drawn from life, for anyone who's been there!)<br />My major complaint with the book is how obvious the villain is, and yet how uncompelling and cryptically the picture is drawn. Yes, there had to be some evil going on somewhere to make this whole thing work, but this just didn't seem plausible or comprehensible enough for me.<br />What I really liked about this book is it has plenty of plot, mostly engaging and entertaining characters, antics and exploits, and funny dialog with the perfect spicing of sex scenes.
B00004Z459|3.0|I heard about this band and thought like everybody else that they were gonna sound different.  I was wrong.  They sound like a young Limp Bizkit.  And they are no differnt from Limp's newest album.  But three stars are for having a nice sound.
8401242371|2.0|Tras tres o cuatro excelentes libros (El coronel no tiene quien le escriba, Cien aos de soledad, El otoo del patriarca, El amor en los tiempos del clera), Garca Mrquez se ha dedicado a verle la cara a sus lectores, que seguimos esperando un poco ms de sus libros ms recientes. Cuando no compra sus historias - por ejemplo Relato de un nufrago, Noticia de un secuestro - o escribe cuentos patticamente malos (no se hagan, a quin le gustan los Doce cuentos peregrinos?), simplemente refritea sus novelas, es decir, expone temas ya tomados en cuentos publicados anteriormente y los entrelaza para formar una historia ms extensa. Es ste el caso de Del amor y otros demonios. Si quieres leer el libro nicamante por el estilo y el realismo mgico, adelante. Siempre he dicho que GGM es un poeta y su estilo es bellsimo, y ni se diga, junto a Kafka y Rulfo es de los grandes del realismo mgico. Pero desde el punto de vista de la trama...no lo recomendara. Lee mejor los cuatro libros que mencion arriba, y luego ya vers que a comparacin, Del amor y otros demonios es una narracin ms bien sosa.
B00003CXDF|1.0|I can't believe what they've done to MI TV serie. This movie has nothing to do with the spirit of &quot;a team&quot; trying to make the impossible possible. This one should be renamed &quot;Tom Cruise, Me myself and I&quot;.<br />The video I rented had an interview about the making of the movie. My favorite quote from Tom: &quot;I like the richness of the dialogue in this movie.&quot;. Says a lot about the guy. All along I thought there was more to him than just a pretty face, I guess I was wrong. Skip it!
B000002LQR|3.0|I was inasneley in love with this band back in 6th and 7th grade when this came out, and later on, One Hot Minute, which is their best album by far. But now that my musical tastes have matured, I now readily accept the fact that these guys are not that good of musicians. John Fruisciante's guitar pretty much carries them along with Flea's so-so bass playing. Chad Smith shows some signs of brilliance on this album. It's Anthony's voice that drags them down, ultimateley. It is okay in small doses, but becomes annoying after 70+ minutes of this album. Nevertheless, this is an okay album mostly because of the positive memories I have that are associated with it in my mind.
B00003Q43A|5.0|Dean Devlin and Roland Emmerich the tag team that gave us  Stargate hits it big with this 75 million dollar invasion film in 1996 Independence Day was one of the most hyped movies since the first Star Wars , movie posters , advertisements ,trading  cards, action figures , mockumentarys , and superhuman movie  trailers that swept you into the Independence Day experience and when it opened on JULY 3rd of ' 96 it was everything that it was set out to be a huge event , some theatres even chose  to play the invasion 24 hours a day.<br />    On a normal uneventful day an invading mother ship sends out sevral 15 mile wide destroyer ships to the earth in every major city in the world , as the media trys to alert the public widespread panic is in full force , when it's not sure weither  the ships are hostile a scientist finds a signal in a sattleite that the ships will indeed launch a full scale attack on July  2nd they arrive but in July 3rd when thr white house makes a <br />futile move to contact the ships , they finally attack sending there plasma beams to destroy everything in sight inculding an attack on the White House itself the attack seems forever and  after it's done laid waste and ruiens will be nothing but all thats left of the earth humanity with the help of the president must immobilize a full scale attack before there is nothing left  of humanity to defend Independence Day will never be looked the  same in this huge invasion epic.<br />    An incredible all star cast include Will Smith , Bill Pullman ,Jeff Goldblum, Mary McDonnell, Judd Hirsch, Margret Colin, Randy Quaid, Robert Loggia, James Rebhorn, Harvey Fierstein, there has  not been a cast like this since The Posiden Adventure on the DVD Volker Engel takes you through the specal and visual effects on  this film you'll be suprised to know that even though most of the effects looked digital they were done in a very conventional way  for instance when we first get a glimpse of the destroyer while  it's hovering in all it's glory over the brookln bridge it was  done with a large scale 5 foot wide modle of the ship and a , matte painting of the clouds it looks incredible in the movie.<br />    There is also a hokey mockumentary that is just part of the  experience of ID4 it at times will make you laugh and the making of Independence Day hosted by Jeff Goldblum and creating reality the specal effects documetary wich is a worth while viewing and the big entry Independence Day:Specal Edition with over 9 minutes of unreleased footage not shown in theatres , so grab the biggest invasion movie on DVD your sure to be happy with this Sci Fi epic .
630420065X|5.0|The plot is like a rollar coaster. Twists and turn. If you dont like confusing movies this is not for you. If you miss ten minute you will be lost for the rest of the movie. <br />In this movie Tom Cruise plays an angered CIA agent. With every other seen drenched in suspense. Tom Cruise is on a Cruise with this movie.
B00004Y7SF|2.0|I'm a very big Christina Aguilera fan but I don't recommend buying this album. Maybe she shouldn't have recorded two albums at the same time while she was touring the world. You can't get a good album in doing all that. Well, on to the album-- the original songs range from bad (&quot;This Year&quot;) to terrible (&quot;Xtinas Xmas&quot;, what is that?). They have cheesy beats and don't bring any sort of holiday cheer. As for the traditionals, they are for the most part very very over-sung (even if Christina does have  a beautiful voice). I've recently started listening to blues, so I like &quot;Merry Christmas Baby&quot; w/ Dr. John (the song that convinced me to buy this album) but shes not really on the mark with that one either, but its pretty good. Same deal w/ &quot;Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas&quot;. &quot;The Christmas Song&quot; is the best track on this album, which is beautiful but other than that the album basically flops. Christina should have done this album when she wasn't so busy so more time could be put in it. If you're a big Christina fan, I advise getting her Spanish album instead of this, its wonderful (even if I don't know what shes saying). I still love you, but Christina, honey, you messed up on this one.
B00004W5UA|4.0|A severly confusing plot that isnt really explaind in the end ruins this movie. But the idea was ingenous. Explosions and fist fights spatter the screen. Even if you dont like the movie its worth seeing the general message of the movie is worth hereing about.  See the movie youll either hate it or love it, I loved it, its definately a guy thing, This movie is the complete oppisite of a chick flick.
B000050XEI|5.0|I would say that this is, by far, the best Enya album ever. All the songs, or at least more of the songs here in this CD, are catchy. With her previous albums, I used to skip at least a song or two. I actually tried to like those songs that I used to skip, and I did like them, but it took a while. With &quot;A Day Without Rain&quot;, on my very first listen, I didn't even think of skipping a song at all. So, I guess my point is, although there is not much of a variety in the instruments used and the fact that the CD is so short, Enya's beautiful variety of voices and melodies still stood out. The very last song &quot;Lazy Days&quot; also stood out for it, I guess, is the biggest surprise among all the tracks--the vocal harmony is incomparably brilliant on this song. So go and buy this release, you won't regret it.
B00003CWPL|5.0|This is a film all about sin and guilt. David Lynch is at his surreal best here; the late John Nance brilliantly portrays Henry, a lonely man who finds himself in the situation of having to look after his ex-girlfriends' (extremely) premature \\"baby\\" - an appropriate symbol of his original sin. Henry tries to be a good father, but is increasingly drawn to a dancing girl in the radiator (who represents suicide). This is a very stunning work of art.
1883217040|5.0|Jazz is a modern paradox of perplexity and consciouness, but who would have known that the ample force existent in Jazz would be attributed to the theory of the sun?  The book, oh fellow funk, fusion, bebop cats is the culmination of all known theories, postulates, hypotheses, ideas, facts, falsities, ponderances, etc.  Levine is definitely a intelligent cat, intent on disseminating the information of the mind in a simplistic, non-threatening, way to all the cats out there who love jazz, but don't maintain the intellectual ability of Sun Ra, Mingus, or other spacial wizards of time and space.  The time has come for a jazz revolution.  We must rise up behind our leader Cool Cat Levine, and explicitly and wholly follow his teachings.  Jazz must become part of the human soul.  And The Jazz theory Book must become the bible.  There is only one savior, and his name is Levine.
B000002TQV|5.0|At first listen, this album might remind you of ACTUNG BABY by U2.  But keep listening. Thom Yorke's voice makes you feel his agony, makes you feel his triumph, and makes you feel that you are finally hearing a vocalist in the 90's who actually knows how to sing.  <br />The range in his voice in that of a alto, but he can quickly turn soprano and draw you in to his heart-felt lyrics.<br />Radiohead's THE BENDS, should be compared to the greats.<br />When you hear albums like Abbey Road, Dark Side Of The Moon, and Sgt. Peppers..., one must also praise THE BENDS as being a masterpiece of great magnitude.<br />Don't be suprised if you hear, &quot;High and Dry&quot;, and &quot;Fake Plastic Trees&quot; on radio stations 20 years from now.
B000051VWW|3.0|i TOTALLY agree with the reviews that gave Sade three stars or less.  <br />my inital thought when i heard it was that she must need the money to wait soooo long to come out and when she does she gives us THIS album.  i LOVE this woman but this CD was a disappointment. i have EVERY Sade album including the greatest hits and none are more displaced and UNmoving than this album.  the whole vibe seems as if she really didn't care and chose not to give the people who've been listening to her for years any innovative (which i've come to expect).  i didn't expect dance tunes but i did expect to be moved by at least ONE track (like &quot;Maureen&quot; or &quot;I Couldn't Love You More&quot;).<br />i give the WHOLE album a luke warm rating.  the music sounds artifical and repetitive compared to previous albums (sound like a bunch a hip-hop beats NOTHING really played). <br />don't spend your last to get it BUT one day (if its on clearance or you can get a reeeeal good price on it)...buy it otherwise you can use your money to support Jill Scott....a GREAT listen the FIRST time around:)jmo
B00002MZ2T|1.0|Can you say trite? Syrupy drek designed to wow unhappily married women. So bad it's self-parodying, you will pray for silence. Listening to this album nearly killed me.
6305013578|2.0|This DVD does no justice for this Sci_Fi classic.  You would think if someone was to put Metropolis out on DVD, they would at least put out a quality print.  Sometimes the images on screen are so bright, you're just looking at a white screen.  The soundtrack sucks because for one it doesnt correspond to the screen action, and two, it sounds too &quot;clean&quot; for this terrible print.  My advice?  Save a few bucks and pick up the Giorgio Moroder version at an online auction house.  The print quality is much better, it includes a few missing scenes and still shots, and if you dont like the early 80's soundtrack, turn the volume down and play what you feel like.  I would have given it one star but it's such a great movie if you get the right version.
0140277447|5.0|It seems that japanese deniers of the Nanjing Massacre would do any utterly shameless thing in order to post their twisted views on the internet.<br />Here are some typical things they would do:<br />1. They would pose as some sort of non-Japanese, eg. an American complete with an English name and a foreign location, then spout out their nonsense about how the Nanjing Massacre is a &quot;Chinese communist propaganda and fabrication&quot;, and that &quot;the photos are fake.<br />2. Instead of confronting the historical truths and indisputable evidence, these gutless fools with instead lay ludicrous and nonsensical blames on the real victims (Chinese) and claim that they deserve to die in the Nanjing massacre because they claim those unarmed Chinese civllians were &quot;guerillas conducting raids against japanese army, and japanese army had right to deal with guerillas&quot;, which is just utter bullcrap. This akin to Neo-Nazi accussing the Jews on bringing the Holocaust onto themselves<br />3. Those same brainless japanese rightwing nuts also accuses &quot;Chinese people of killing and eating their dead, and were the main casualties of Nanjing Massacre&quot;. Gees, I wonder where did these stupid japaNazis get those sort of ideas from?<br />4. They would link some totally unrelated events of discussion, ie. Tiananmen Square Massacre and Chinese occupation of Tibet, and somehow claim that they justifies the japanese murder of civillians in Nanjing, even if those two events occurred a LONG time after the Nanjing Massacre.<br />5. They continue to play as victims of the &quot;American aggressionist and their atom bombs&quot;, when they conveniently choose to forget it was their militarism in Asia, and all the attrocities they've committed in Nanking and other places, which ultimately lead to them being nuked. They chose to commemorate Hiroshima and Nagasaki atomic bombings, yet in their education curriculum nothing is mentioned about Nanjing Massacre, Unit 731, and Korean/Chinese &quot;comfort women&quot;.<br />It's a shame that these vocal minorities of japanese rightwing revisionist nutcases are ruinging the image of the vast majority of japanese who although they mostly ignorant of their country's brutal past, once they were made known of it, often feels quite guilty ashamed of their country's past behaviour. I hoped that the all japanese people will one day learn from their mistakes and make the REAL past taught in the schools (like what the Germans had done), instead of resorting to covering up and whitewashing their militarist past.
B000031WD9|5.0|This movie is amazing..its so funny, and it truly is the teenagers bible. It teaches a lot about life, and sex, and it's mad funny. I love this movie. Im sure you will too!!
B00004XMVL|4.0|Yes, this is your basic, high concept, &quot;Aliens&quot;-on-a-planet-in-total-darkness, survival of the cutest, sci-fi terror film. With that as a template, the real question is: does it deliver the goods? I say yes.<br />The plot is simple: A space ship crashes on a desert planet and the only survivors are an eclectic mix of characters who must somehow survive the perils of this planet to get to a ship that can get them off the planet. The trick is that this planet is about to go into a long total eclipse and there are these carnivorous beasts who only come out in &quot;pitch black&quot; that will eat everybody if they don't find away to work together and survive. The characters include a rookie pilot, a cop with a problem, some Islamic pilgrims, a couple of kids, an effete English rich guy, an Australian tracker, and a psycho killer.<br />What happens and whether anyone lives or dies is pretty obvious to anyone who has seen at least one of these types of movies before, up until the very end. There are a few twists, a red herring or two, a couple of mysteries to be solved, and some secrets are revealed as the film progresses, but they all make sense for the drama of the story. At the last moment, however, I was actually not sure which way the movie was going to go. The filmmaker has the opportunity to make a statement about humanity (something about duty, redemption, and forgiveness), and the way the story ends makes that statement.<br />The special effects are good and convincing. The production design effectively communicates the appropriate moods, from heat and desolation to darkness and claustrophobia. There is even an effect on the film that gives certain scenes a real &quot;other-worldly&quot; feel.<br />At the end of it all, I felt like I had a quality cinematic experience, but something was lacking. The film seemed a little short, and the darkness of it was maybe a little one-dimentional. There was enough variety, enough thrills and chills, enough drama for this particular movie, but I did want something more to go with it. Something lighter, more humorous, maybe, but still in the sci-fi genre. Then I went and saw &quot;Galaxy Quest&quot; (which I have already reviewed). Yes! That's it! &quot;Pitch Black&quot; and Galaxy Quest,&quot; in that order, with a cartoon, serial, and newsreel, and we've got a perfect science fiction double feature! Break out the popcorn!or this particular movie, but I did want something more to go with it. Something lighter, more humorous, maybe, but still in the sci-fi genre. Then I went and saw &quot;Galaxy Quest&quot; (which I have already reviewed). Yes! That's it! &quot;Pitch Black&quot; and Galaxy Quest,&quot; in that order, with a cartoon, serial, and newsreel, and we've got a perfect science fiction double feature! Break out the popcorn!
B00000HYXB|4.0|Since Scott Williams, review,August 20 2000, has done a terrific description on the individual songs on this cd; I suggest you read it as well for more information.<br />What you will be getting from &quot;Nightfall in Middle Earth&quot; is a concept recording or as others have called it, 'A Rock Opera'.<br />This type of piece is very, very hard to do because of having to tie in individual songs(parts) together in order tell a whole story or concept.<br />As a result, the sum of the individual songs(parts) is often less than the whole story.<br />In Nightfall, this occurs with certain individual songs being either narration or 'filler' type songs used in order to complete a part of J.R. Tolkien's book &quot;The Silmarillon&quot;.<br />However, there are few instances of such 'filler', and the majority of the songs are excellent, even the ones not in the power metal mode ussually associated with Blind Guardian.<br />Blind Guardian has added (for the better) a progressive rock mix to their music in this recording.<br />While not a great as Dream Theatre's &quot;Scenes from a Memory&quot; and Queensryche's &quot;Operation Mindcrime&quot;, Nightfall falls just a notch below these above-mentioned concept recordings.<br />If you like well done concept recordings or can put up with such 'filler', then you will not be disappointed with Nighfall.<br />However, if such concept recordings (no matter how well done) do not appeal to you, then I suggest you do not purchase &quot;Nighfall in Middle Earth&quot;.<br />If Blind Guardian had of concentrated on making an individual song cd, and used this material for it, then it would have received 5 stars or 9/10 from myself.<br />Due my above-mentioned remarks about concept recordings; it gets a 4/5 or a 7/10.
B000002UR7|5.0|Don't understand why this album is so under-rated as compared to 'the Bends', 'Ok..' or even 'kid A'. No denying the fact that all those were innovative, concept albums however this one stands out from them in being easily accessible given just 1 or 2 listens. You'd be hard pressed to find a cut over here that you don't like. Musically Pablo Honey should be right there on top with the best rock albums of all time.
B000051VWW|5.0|Seductively simple and oh so beautiful. Not the kind of tunes that will jump out at you, but if you're looking for Depth, you'll find it in this CD.
B00003CXE6|5.0|The moment i saw gladiators trailer on tv i knew i wanted to see it.  I was first in line to get into the theater.  When i finally saw it i wasnt disappointed.  This movie has everything action, drama, suspence, and an A++ story line.  This movie should go down in history as one of the best ever.  Those makes the Titanic sink below the Atlantic.  If you are unsure about this movie think no further. SO IT.  ENJOY IT.  LOVE IT.  Like I did.
6300182282|5.0|This is one of those rare gems -- a movie based on a stage play that is true to the original.<br />The premise is simple:  a man and a woman happen to meet at a romantic Pacific coast inn in the 1950s, spend a night together, and discover that they're both married -- with children, no less!  How do they deal with it?  Well, after getting past the initial shock and guilt (she yells into a towel, he lies about his wife's name and the number of children he has), they agree to meet every year, same weekend, same place.  We, the audience, are allowed to observe every 5th meeting in the same room.<br />We see the changes in the relationship, the changes in each of the participants, the changing times.  We get to know Doris and George through these slices of time, laugh with them, cry with them, always with the question -- will they ever leave their respective partners and follow their hearts?  It's definitely a relationship based more on mutual respect and friendship, despite its extra-marital foundation.  You get the feeling that these two individuals are truly soul-mates who just happened to meet.<br />Alan Alda gives an amazing performance, beginning as a guilt-ridden rather milk-toast-ish accountant.  Without giving away the plot twists, he goes through many changes and personal crises, and still manages to stay a reasonably likable, vulnerable man.<br />Ellen Burstyn, as Doris, enters into this as a rather ditzy young wife on her way to a Catholic retreat with the nuns, who manages to grow up over the years.  It's a treat to see the changes in these characters with each change of scene.<br />Bernard Slade's original two-person play with its witty dialogue is preserved almost intact, with only one new character in the movie that isn't in the play (&quot;old Mr. Chalmers&quot;).  If anything, the movie improves the original through the music and photo montages that separate the scenes (the entre-acte song, &quot;The Last Time I Felt Like This&quot; was nominated for an Academy Award).<br />This is definitely worth seeing for the superb performances of Alda and Burstyn.Academy Award).<br />This is definitely worth seeing for the superb performances of Alda and Burstyn.
6302293553|5.0|This is one of the best movies I have ever seen.  A comedic journey through the Legend of The Holy Grail, the Python Gang expirence several misadventures, but manage to outwit thier foes.  And when asked, &quot;What is the air-speed velocity of an unladen swallow?&quot;  You'll know the answer.
B00004Z4WR|2.0|Take a mediocre script, the type which, traditionaly, would be a low budget feature, throw a lot of money at it, giving it A-list actors and a director with MTV credentials, then hype it up with fast-paced, exciting trailers.<br />The result 95% of the time is a movie which could be only mediocre at best.  This is the case for Gone in 60 Seconds.  The plot is wildly improbable.  It takes the hero three days(or aproximately 100 minutes of screen time) to decide to do what he should have done in the first 60 seconds of the movie.<br />Of course that would have cut out all of the lingering auto erotic shots of cars as they are being scoped out for theft, all of the dimly lit back room conversations and the car chase finale.<br />In other words, as usual for a Bruckheimer produced picture, the movie unapologeticly demands an excessive amount of suspension of disbelief in order to be effective.<br />So let's throw out the plot and go instead to the car chases which were this movie's true reason for existence.  In a word: derivative.  The chases felt borrowed from other movies, only without as much risk.  The bit where the heroes hook the undercarriage of a rival gang's car to a towtruck was lifted directly from American Graffitti. You don't have the 150 police car pileup that happened in The Blues Brothers, there is no wild spin out like in Cannonball Run and no really big stunts like the chases in Terminator 2.  The only moment which felt fresh was the compressed gas tank bouncing along the path of oncoming cars.<br />Ultimately this is a movie which is stuck in short term memory.  It will be Gone in 60 Seconds.
0684874350|5.0|I like the way Frank McCourt depicted his poor Irish Catholic childhood.So vivid,heart-whole and sorrowful make me empathize with him. He showed the bitter-sweetness of his younger days in Limerick, Ireland.<br />Frank McCourt shared his life story with compelling narration and a great sense of humour. All the reality and poverty his faced. As the eldest son,he beared extra responsibilities and was less happier as compared to his cute,cheerful brother Malachy and many other brothers.  He had irresponsible but pathetic parent, poor living conditions  but a great hunger for knowledge and a dream to go to America.<br />His memoir filled with dramatic twists and intriguing events such as his days as a postman and his troubles with his sore eyes....    He made a great impression for a debut work. He wrote with sensibility and sincerity.  This page turner shines in depicting the genuineness of humanity. It set a great example of the success of following your heart and to strike for your goal in life. If there's a will,there's a way.
B000002AGB|5.0|Small wonder this final Isle of Wight Festival became a semi-legendary rock weekend - the Who played it as though they'd been reborn for the occasion. In a sense, they had been reborn - 1969, their exhaustive, no questions asked breakout year (thanks to &quot;Tommy,&quot; of course) went off with a few hitches and almost a collapse (Pete Townshend, suffering back trouble, almost broke down but for some medical relief enough to get the band through Woodstock). But by the time they hit the Isle of Wight (where they'd been an equal hit the previous year), they were, seemingly, revived and energised to overflowing, because they cranked out a set beyond even their own usual standard of firepower. This set has the incontrovertible proof that the legend of the Who's white heat at that final Isle of Wight wasn't hyperbolic.<br />In fact, &quot;Live At The Isle of Wight Festival 1970&quot; makes &quot;Live at Leeds&quot; sound like a brave but tired warmup date. Keith Moon is attacking his skins, rather than merely rolling them. John Entwistle is stonily commanding over his precisely dug bass lines. Roger Daltrey's dramatic, theatric snarl and howl is in near-perfect depth and resonance, and he has stronger control of that instrument than he had the previous year. And Pete Townshend, flagging not one step, nails power chord after power chord, dropping only here and there but somehow making it fit the moment, while his arrestingly spare solos - this set if nothing else should dissolve any doubts that he was truly an excellent lead guitarist (so he didn't shred? News flash: with his taste and precision, he didn't have to) - lock on and stay on song while delivering some eerily staying lines. <br />But the Who was always greater than the sum of its considerable parts, and they're locked into perfect shape through the entire set, from the bristling &quot;Heaven And Hell&quot; (one of John Entwistle's best compositions) which opens the set to the staccato stomping &quot;Magic Bus&quot; which closes it, even if this version isn't quite as shattering as the tour-de-force which closes &quot;Live At Leeds&quot;. Through those and through all the high points in between - a searing &quot;Young Man Blues,&quot; an almost beatific (at least, on the Who's terms, and never mind the occasional dropped phrases here and there) &quot;Tommy&quot; (most of it, anyway; I was kind of disappointed that, considering Townshend and Entwistle's flair for unexpected, spot tandem improvising, that they didn't have a whack at &quot;Underture&quot;), and an engagingly loopy medley off &quot;Shakin' All Over&quot; (let's face it: only the Who would have been looney enough to medley that classic to &quot;Spoonful&quot; and &quot;Twist And Shout&quot; and get away with it.) - you get a textbook argument for the Who as THE outstanding live concert act in rock and roll as the 1960s turned to the 1970s. Put it next to &quot;Live at Leeds&quot; and &quot;The Kids Are Alright&quot; and it goes from textbook argument to final verdict.
6304145438|5.0|A great and timeless classic,best for the holiday season when people may sit down and reflect on the past and hope for the future. A wonderful story about second chance and cherish what you have and care for people you love. James Stewart was totally superb in his role of George Bailey.<br />Apparently George lost hope in life and wanted to commit suicide on Christmas Eve. His fate changed when he met a 'man'(his guardian angel) who came to show his envisions and the 'What If'(s) of his future life.  He took George to places that meant something to him and how things turned out if he succeed in taking his own life,etc... He showed George there still hope and warm in his life and care and support from his family.<br />Excellent direction by Frank Capra who gave this film a touch of magic.A terrific film,Marvelous all round.<br />&quot;It's a Wonderful Life&quot; is a wonderful,compelling,touching story. It showed the real meaning of living and importances of family and love.
B000001Y42|1.0|I'd rather listen to poop in a jar.
B00004X01U|5.0|First of all, dont expect another &quot;Ray Of Light&quot;. I heard tons of people saying &quot;i wish it was more like ray of light...&quot;, when will you learn that madonna never does the same style twice. Madonna's latest &quot;Music&quot;, is definitely still categorized as Dance/Electronica, but its on another level than ray of light. A somewhat more eclectic, mature level. The songs seem more upbeat, happier, and rugged. Imagine that. If your looking for something different in the pop music scene from your everyday Britney's and Christina's music, then pick this up. Madonna sure knows how to make a different album, and this is one that will last a lifetime.
158234082X|5.0|As a food &amp; Beverage Mgr. for a big hotel company and after working in Europe with great chefs like Ducasse I have to say that Bourdain gives us a real X-Ray of what most of the kitchens look like and the way they really work. I have to admit that the way he describes the cooks is very appropiate, none of the cooks I've worked with for 14 years right now is a saint. Alcohol, drugs and sex are part of our daily living. Of course that lots of information is for individual owned restaurants.<br />I'm waiting for typhus Mary
B00000K2SD|5.0|I have to admit that some of the special effects aren't that believable. But the overall quality of the movie is enough to overshadow that. The movie is incredibly entertaining and ingenious. Yes, there is some violence, but in my opinion none of it was that graphic. I have seen The Matrix 15 times, and am not tired of it. Every time it's on cable, I always see it. I can not wait for the sequels!
6304493681|5.0|If you're looking for anime loaded with existentialist thought, check out Shirow's masterpiece.  Animation is fantastic and the story left me pondering on consciousness and intelligence, amongst other things.  The movie is, of course, an abbreviation of the comic version, but worth the while.  Great soundtrack, too.
B00000JCOV|1.0|If you are looking for the following, I recommend:   9 or more members in a band -    Fank Zappa or MiamiSoundMachine; Crazy jumpsuit outfits -          The Jackson 5; Incomprehensible lyrics  -         James Brown; Lots of mixed-up samples -        BBC's sound effects for TV; A singer whose totally nuts -     Screamin' Jay Hawkins; Lots of cussin' and a cursin' and' complainin' -    Them 2 old guys on The Muppets<br />Overall: Angst-by-numbers, formulic mass-marketing ploy dressed as &quot;Nu-Rage&quot;. Read a book instead (you can get them here too).<br />P.S: Anyone with an affinity for serial killers gets a thumbs-down in my books (and that goes for those Manson-boygirls as well).
B00004SCX6|4.0|I like this CD. I thought it was really good. Even though Britney Spears is not the best singer, she is still good. I liked it because she was kind of writing songs about herself, which I thought was a good idea. I did not like where she says &quot;It's so beautiful&quot; to the man in Oops! I Did It Again. Overall this was a good CD.
B0000067X1|2.0|Do not be mislead by the previous reviews.  This is hardly a masterpiece.  Sure the tracks Aumgn and Bring Me Coffee Or Tea are worth a listen but the rest is incredibly boring.  Ok many people stress that they were influential and that there was no precedent for this kind of music in 1971. So what ! What difference does that make if the music is not enjoyable ?  I am sorry but no one can seriously mean it when they say they enjoy such unbearable stuff like Peking O or Halleluah.  Peking O, I kid you not, includes a section of mumbling over what sounds like a cheap organ rhythm beat.  Halleluah rambles on forever without ever becoming interesting.  Occasionally some things catch your attention but overall it is repetetive, it meanders, and contrary to how daring it supposedly is, is surprisingly tame.  Keep in mind, I love experimental music, I detest any music that is made that does not have total commitment from the artist. Not only does current avant-garde music, Merzbow, John Zorn etc., make most of this sound tame and unimaginative, but even stuff from its era, Faust, Captain Beefheart, early Pink Floyd, makes this sound tame and unimaginative.  Like I said before somehow through all this muck Aumgn and Bring Me Coffee or Tea stand out and is worth a listen, which is why this album gets a generous two stars. I think the reason people rave about this album is that they are afraid of seeming square and unadventerous in their tastes so they are afraid to say bad things about.  Well all you avant-mongers relax.  It is not uncommon for me to listen to Merzbow, Frank Sinatra, Autechre and Iron Maiden in one sitting.
B0000046X0|5.0|My favorite RTF album. This album turned alot of us jazzers into rockers.  An incredible musical journey. Crank this sucker up to 11!
B000053V5A|5.0|My best friend's uncle has this DVD, and after viewing it, I was thouroghly amazed. People aren't supposed to bend that way, but, hey, it makes for an astounding show! The singers are impecible, the humor is exeptional (to some), the acrobatics just flat out incredible, and the all together show is just fabulous. I highly reccomed this video to anyone who wants their mind sretched.<br />&lt;&gt;&lt;
B00003CX8J|5.0|Why didn't they do a commentary? Thats the only thing this DVD package is missing. I already commented on the film, but I got the DVD and wanted to give my opinion of it.<br />The new scenes are interesting, though it would have been better if they have been trasfered them into the movie smoothly, the loading thing is a bit odd. And scenes are repeated, I guess more thought could have gone into that whole option, ya know? But none the less, I prefer to see the movie normally. The secrets are neat  (Hint:Find a Rose and Dog Tag that will lead you to some goodies in the Art Gallery, And Trailer pages) <br /> The trailers and tv spots are are good. Minus the very first tease trailer. (Poo!)  The movie looks great, the sound is great, and the animated menus are cool, but once again COULD have been cooler.<br />Ya can't complain, its a nice package. The cover art, and metallic case are fun to look at. <br />The features are neat, but the film is what will keep you turning this Disc in your player.
B00004T8RK|4.0|Pearl Jam is back! this is not their all time best album but its pretty good. Nothing as it Seems just blew me away the first time i heard it. This is not equal to TEN or VITALOGY but is defiently worth a listen.
B00004U3UG|5.0|Groovy! Hail to the King! Who wants Some? Lets Go! Just some of our favorite characters sweet lines. If you don't already know there were two prequels to Army of Darkness; Evil Dead and Evil Dead 2. You don't really need to see those to get the actuel movie. Just go into the extras menu then click on &quot;Deleted Scenes&quot; there's a really good beginning in there, you should watch this before the actuel movie. Okay onto the movie....Our Anti-Hero Ash drops out of the sky after sending an ancient Candarian demon through a portal, getting sucked in with it. He ends up in medieval England 1300 A.D. surrounded by Knights and peasants. Eventuelly a wiseman figures out a way to get him home saying &quot;You must get the Necronomicon an unholy book which i require to send you back&quot; (A book sealed with human flesh written with blood that can summon any demon life causing its presence to posses the living). Ash goes after the book thinking its gonna be a easy job, all he has to do is say three simple words before picking up the Necronomicon, of coarse good ol' Ash forgets the last word resulting in a Skeleton Army of the Dead led by a evil version of himself in the process of slaining an entire village. Ash teaches the peasants to use science to kill the deadites (gun powder)and eventuelly modifies his car (which also came through the portal with him)into a DEATH MACHINE (&gt;A Must See&lt;). In this version we arn't treated to a &quot;happy ending&quot;, but instead we get to see Ash take too many drops of a magic potion which causes him to sleep a century for every drop, he takes one too many and ends up in a post apocolyptic England. I Strongly recomend this as a gift for the holidays, or for any other time of the year.
B000051VWW|5.0|I was a teenager in the 80's when Sade was so popular and I could'nt understand why people liked her smooth voice.  She didnt hit high notes like Whitney Houston or danced like Michael Jackson so I simply wasnt interested.  It wasnt until i got into my middle twenties that i started to appreciate the music of Sade.  A friend was asking me to name some of my all time favorite music artists and they were surprised that i didnt mention Sade.  When I told them I didnt listen to her music;they loaned me their Best of Sade CD.  It was like hearing for the first time not just with my ears but with my head and my heart.  I finally understood that music isnt something u just dance to but something that can soothe you.  Her voice is so pure and sensual that it wraps itself around you and takes you on a journey.  As I listen to her voice I can here the pain and sorrow or the joy of being in love.  I have been disappointed 3 times this year by some of my old favorites ie Whitney Houston, Toni Braxton and most recently R. Kelly.  All of their new releases were disappointing because they leaned to much toward Hip-Hop rather than R&amp;B.  Sade stayed true to herself and to her fans with this new CD by not catering to the mainstream.  There are some changes to her sound, there seems to be less focus of instruments and more focus of her melodic voice, with this CD.  This CD shouldnt disappoint her old fans and Iam sure it will gain her even more fans.  I think its the best R&amp;B CD released this year.
079070546X|5.0|If you do not own this movie, buy it now!  This is by far my favorite Christmas flick.  You will be rolling with laughter throughout the whole film.
B00000J7JO|5.0|This is definitely one of my favorite albums! The Red Hot Chili  Peppers are defintely very talented and gifted artists that have come a long way with several great albums from the 80's and 90's.   I've Like the Peppers music ever since I was little and I can still remember watching them perform at the 1995 MTV Video Music Awards. I never bought their album &quot;One Hot Minute&quot; because I didn't think they'd sound the same without John Frusainte. Being slightly dissapointed with &quot;One Hot Minute&quot; I was hoping they'd eventually have a follow up that would wow everyone who ever considered them and their lyrics &quot;strange&quot;.   When I saw their video on the Daily One to their first single &quot;Scartissue&quot; I was suprized to see that Dave Navaroj wasn't in the video. I then rememered that Dave didn't stay with the Peppers that long and that it was John playing the lead guitar.    As soon as I heard their 4th single Californication I bought the album that week. I listed to that album so many times that I know every song on it by heart.   &quot;Around The World&quot; is one of my favorite songs on the whole album. It had a lot of rap and punk influence that Gave it a real up-beat sound.   &quot;Scartissue&quot; is one of their softer songs on the album that has an obvious meaning that everyone has emotionally scars that can be hard to deal with. It was very deserving of the grammy it won.   &quot;Otherside&quot; has a similar meaning to &quot;Taste Th Pain&quot; (on Mothers Milk). The video and the song has a great rock sound with  a great guitar solo delivered by John Frusainte,   &quot;Get On Top&quot; wasn't a hit, but has a great fast beat that almost makes you want to dance to it.   &quot;Californication&quot; is a well writen song that deserved a lot more awards than it recieved at the 2000 MTV Video Music Awards. I don't need to explain it's meaning because it is promenent in it's lyrics. This song is a masterpiece and a signature song that's proven itself to all rock fans. I haven't spoken to a single person who didn't love this song.   &quot;Savior&quot; isn't a hit either, but I love John's guitar, Flea's bass, Chad's drums, and It proves Anthony is one of the best male voices in rock music today.   &quot;This Velvet Glove&quot; wasn't a hit song which suprized me after I listed to it. I don't exactly know who Anthony's singing about, but it's obviosly someone he cares for because he puts his heart and soul into it while he sings.   &quot;Puple Stain&quot; sounds like it could have been on Blood Sugar Sex  Magik. The lyrics in the song give you a slight hint on what Anthoney's sing about, but I'm not going to get detailed. I like this song becuase of it's punk/hard rock blend.   &quot;Road Trippin'&quot; was a good choice for ending this album. Although Chad was absent in this song, I must say, John and Flea have great guitar skills and create the perfect guitar ballad. Anthony also has a great voice for softer more low-key songs as well as for the loud rock songs on the album.   Now that you've heard my favorites from the album you can go and listen for yourself. This is definitely some of their best work and I can't wait for their nest follow up!
0790740249|3.0|The good:Weaver played the part of Dr.Helen Hudson well,and Holly Hunter followed close behind-though her character,mannerisms,and even the accent she used(unless this is her normal voice;this is the first time I've seen her on screen)was lifted from Agent Starling's of &quot;The Silence of The Lambs&quot;. The script is decent though it contributes nothing new to this well trodden genre.  The bad:The cinematagraphy is bad,making the film look like any generic contender in the &quot;serial killer on the loose,let's find him before he stikes again&quot; sweepstakes(which in fact,it would be,were it not for the cast).  The killing of the agent at the station by some innocuous second stringer or other also made for cheap melodrama;I didn't feel like it belonged in the film as a whole.  William McNamara is (barely) adequate playing the second killer,led by the nose by jailed psychopath Daryl Lee Cullum(now THAT sounds like a name a serial killer would have).  Cullum is played well by Harry Connick Jr.,even he occasionaly pushes his hayseed Hannibal Lecter act a bit far.<br />FINAL THOUGHT:Good for a rainy day.Not excellent,but well paced,with wonderful leads,and some jumps.A fine sense of 'symmetry' as well,on part of the (otherwise boring)William McNamara,who's acting undermime's the script's repeated attempts to make him creepy,and disturbing.Even when he goes after Helen he reminded me of an extra on a sitcom.
B000000OAN|5.0|I'm going to keep this short and sweet, because I hate reading those reviews that drag on for hours! This is surely one of Queen's greatest albums, only to be matched with &quot;A Day at the Races&quot;. The contrast is amazing and shows the versatillity of the band. I love &quot;Death on Two Legs&quot;, it's great when you're in a bad mood!  Some CDs by the same band can get really boring, but this one just varies so much. It also has a number of very well known tracks, such as &quot;Bohemian Rhapsody&quot; and &quot;Love of my Life&quot;. I would advise anyone with any taste to go and buy it!
0590405470|3.0|I rember my sister used to love this book when we were kids.  We are 6 years apart and get along still like we did 10 years ago. Shes 20 and I'm 14, but I still remember reading this book and not understanding it; but she seemed to love it more and more. I am looking for this  book today becuase I hope to read it and see what all the hipe was about.
0375501851|5.0|Most promising first novel in years.
0553579908|5.0|Well, first I'll start with the praises.  Mr. Martin can definitely write a story.  Period.  This characters are three dimensional, his plots are surprising, and best of all, his narrative is much better than any other author in the fantasy genre.  In other words, he can actually write.<br />But I do have some complaints to this book.  The book takes a while to get going.  If you are not completely fixated on the series, it would be easy to give up before the real fun begins, around page 500.  Relative to the length of the book, not much happens and a lot of dragging goes on, especially with Jon Snow and Bran.<br />But all in all, it is still a fantastic book in the genre.  Unlike authors like Robert Jordan and Terry Goodkind, Mr. Martin can actually write good prose (I gave up on Jordan at book 7 and Goodkind at book 4 for this very reason, and also for the lack of real suspense, wonder who will win, a wild guess, maybe Rand?, by the 25th book in the series if we're lucky?).  Highly recommended, and also the only author I would recommend in the high fantasy genre other than J.R.R. Tolkien and Guy Gavriel Kay.
B0000028UK|4.0|This album is not as popular as 10, probably because of the lack of videos, but it is still better than it. All of the songs are catchy, creative, and well-written, except maybe WMA, a nice experiment that goes on for too long. Go is a very hard hard rock song, and Animal could of been on 10. Daughter is ,lyrically, very similar to Jeremy, but instead of screaming guitar riffs and vocals, we get a very good accoustic ballad. Glorified G  is a song about gun control, a pretty light rocker; not bad. Dissident is another one that sounds like a 10 song. WMA goes on too long without doing anything. Blood is a very good song that can be only described as metalgrungefunk. Rearviewmirror is a fast rocker. Rats, after the long intro, is actually not bad. Elderly.... finds Eddie relaxing his voice on this excellent accousticsong. Leash is not bad, sort of like Blood, and Indefference is a very slow song; good way to close off the album. All and all, this and 10 are the only PJ albums I own. And in 10 vs. Vs., Vs. would win.
B00003CXDG|4.0|I loved this fast action, sexy, exquistely filmed flick. So, it's not Great Expectations---if you want to go to the circus, do you mull over the ecological reasonings of 3 rings vs 2? No. You just let it all go and fly with it. Same with MI2.<br />From the swirling Flamenco skirts in Seville, Spain, to the first wide opened shot of the harbor in Sydney, Australia, I was having eye-gasms. The plot? Oh, yeah, bad guys steal virus strain, good guys &amp; gal make sure the world is safe.  <br />See it, just for the fun, you remember fun don't ya? Good.
B000002H33|5.0|This is definitely my favourite Metallica album and is one of my favourite albums ever! It is that good! They may have been surpassed in heaviness and aggressiveness by other bands but this still remains to be one of my favourite albums ever. If you like metal then you'll love this. It contains thrashers (&quot;Battery&quot;, &quot;Damage Inc.&quot;), epics (&quot;Master Of Puppets&quot;, &quot;Disposable Heros&quot;, &quot;Orion&quot;), and of course, the amazing &quot;Welcome Home (Sanatorium)&quot;.<br />Seriously, there is nothing about this that I would change (apart from the sound quality!) and I fully recommend this to anyone with even a passing interest in metal. If you like this then check out Slayer, Pantera, Iron Maiden or Helloween.
B00003CXC7|5.0|Finally, &quot;Rear Window&quot; has made it onto DVD!  The 1954 suspense classic, shot almost entirely in one room, and starring a cast with panache and style to spare, has long remained on Amazon's list of Most Requested DVDs, as well as the &quot;most wanted&quot; list of many film lovers, after a long stay in the &quot;out-of-print&quot; category.  But Universal comes through!<br />&quot;Rear Window&quot;, to a certain degree, moves at a languid pace, not unlike the steamy weather conditions in which it takes place.  However, the witty and concise dialogue, matched with the murder that occurs across the courtyard (the evidence of which is pieced together by Stewart, Kelly, and Thelma Ritter...and what's a Hitchcock movie without somebody getting whacked?), and interesting supporting characters like Wendell Corey as the skeptical Lt. Doyle; a pre-Perry-Mason Raymond Burr; and Ross Bagdasarian, the voice behind Alvin and the Chipmunks(!)--it all comes together in a fascinating hybrid that has remained a landmark classic for almost 50 years.<br />Like &quot;North By Northwest&quot;, &quot;Vertigo&quot;, and &quot;Psycho&quot;, all of which have preceded this movie on DVD, &quot;Rear Window&quot; appears to have some intriguing special features--a nice touch, especially considering the movie's age, and that none of the stars are with us any longer.  The archival and historical additions make the DVD not only a pleasurable viewing experience, but also a study and an insight into Hitchcock's brilliance.  <br />Prepare to be re-immersed (at long last!) in a Hitchcock masterpiece.  Pretty much....perfect.  Don't miss this one.
B00004TRD8|5.0|This DVD is a must have for anyone with a DVD player.  Has the absolute best special features of any DVD that I own or have rented.<br />Please, take my advice and add this DVD to your collection, you will not be disappointed.
B00004R99L|4.0|Disney has done a superlative job transferring &quot;Alice in Wonderland&quot; to DVD.  The colors are eye-popping, the picture is razor sharp and there is no visible grain at all.  I was blown away by the picture quality.<br /><br />Now, on to the film.  &quot;Alice in Wonderland&quot; has always had problems.  Even Disney himself did not feel it was very good.  He said once that it lacked &quot;heart.&quot;  I don't know what it lacks, but I do know Disney made a MAJOR mistake in allowing the voice of Alice, Kathryn Beaumont, do her own singing in the film.  The girl had a HORRIBLE singing voice, so horrible that Darlene Gillespie of &quot;The Mickey Mouse Club&quot; actually re-recorded Beaumont's vocals for the &quot;soundtrack&quot; album.<br /><br />Another problem is one that is inherited from the book, which is a meandering, episodic storyline, each segment having absolutely nothing to do with the last.  &quot;Alice in Wonderland&quot; is really an unfilmable book -- there have been at least half a dozen screen versions made, and none of them have been very good.  And frankly, I doubt if anyone ever WILL make it into a good movie.  It's just not a book that lends itself to being filmed.<br /><br />Another problem is one that Disney ran into in &quot;Mr. Toad&quot;:  His characterization of the British is not quite on the mark.  His characters are CARICATURES of the British.  Disney didn't quite seem to understand the whole British sensibility, which is key to Lewis Carrol's humor.  Disney's &quot;Alice,&quot; as well as his &quot;Mr. Toad,&quot; seem too Americanized, like he didn't quite &quot;get&quot; the books on which they were based.<br />In addition, the character of Alice doesn't seem to have much of a personality, and what personality is there is not very likable.  She's kind of a whiner.<br />All that said, the Mad Hatter's Tea Party is wonderful and so is &quot;The March of the Cards,&quot; which also is my all-time favorite instrumental from a Disney film.  And Tweedle-Dum and Tweedle-Dee are PERFECT (their &quot;That's logic!&quot; line actually makes me laugh out loud), although I don't particularly care for the Walrus and the Carpenter sequence.  There are also many brilliant pieces of visual invention in the flower garden and forest sequences.<br />So, for adults anyway, &quot;Alice in Wonderland&quot; is a mixed bag.  Not one of Disney's best -- but it sure makes a great-looking DVD!
B00004ZAV3|1.0|Call me a heretic, but I hate the whole notion of this recording.  <br />As the editorial review rightly points out, the album isn't even true to its own nature, leaving out a few songs which could've been considered genuine Number One hits.   <br />Far more egregiously, this release strikes at the heart of what the lads ultimately evolved into: a band that made great concept albums.  Taking just the hit singles from those later albums, in particular, guts the integrity of those collective works.  <br />While it's true that the band had differing opinions about the efficacy of their attempts to create whole ablum concepts--John and Ringo would say in his later years that there was nothing thematically `special' about SERGEANT PEPPER'S--few other bands have been able to create such strikingly different tones on each of their albums.  Removing songs from their `home' album Is to actually hear them out of context.   <br />That's why I can't recommend anyone actually buy this album.  I know it's cheaper to get this smattering of Beatles' hits than to build a Beatles library, but in the end you'll appreciate the Beatles much more if you go the more expensive route and buy each original album.
B00003CX9W|5.0|Many reviewers (not just here) have complained that Disney did not make an effort to digitally remove artifacts such as scratches and crawling cel dust in this DVD edition.<br /><br />Well, I own the old CAV laserdisc from the early 90s -- the big boxed set -- and a direct A/B comparison (getting the laserdisc and DVD in sync and switching back and forth on my TV) shows that this criticism is UNFOUNDED.<br /><br />Disney has DEFINITELY removed much of the crawling cel dust and scratches inherent in the early 90s video transfer.  The film looks marvelous.  Only the Pastoral segment seems like there isn't much of a difference between the old and new transfers (a shame -- there are quite a few specks in that sequence that could have been removed), but the Nutcracker Suite and Sorcerer's Apprentice segments, in particular, have clearly had much of the dust and scratches elimnated.<br /><br />** SPOILER **<br /><br />I mark this as a spoiler because I really might not have noticed if I hadn't read about it in advance.<br /><br />The issue here is the Deems Taylor overdub.  Disney found the footage for the full-length introductions by Deems Taylor, which were drastically cut down after the original roadshow exhibition in 1940, but was unable to locate the audio for the segments.  In order to restore the film to its original length, it was necessary to have an actor dub over Deems Taylor's voice.  While the actor does have a similar-sounding voice, it was not similar enough to have him re-record only the missing dialogue.  So they dubbed over the entire Deems Taylor vocal.<br /><br />I agree with the decision to do this, but I'm not so sure they couldn't have kept Taylor's original vocal for the introduction to the first segment in the film, which was the only segment where his dialogue was NOT edited down, so it could have been retained.  I feel that the new actor's voice is similar enough to Mr. Taylor's that the five-minute lapse between his introduction to &quot;Toccata and Fugue&quot; and his introduction to &quot;The Nutcracker Suite&quot; would have erased the difference in the viewer's mind.  But, as I said, if I hadn't been told about it I probably wouldn't have noticed.  While I wish they could have located the missing segments of Taylor's vocal, I'm glad they restored what they had -- they did the right thing.<br /><br />This disc -- especially the 3-disc Anthology, which is what I have -- is still WELL worth having in your collection.
B00003CX8I|5.0|Being a fan of the X-Men, I was very excited to see this movie come out on the big screen.  Many people have already said what I wanted to so I won't go into all of that.  The main thing I loved about the movie was the messege.  The X-Men aren't loved by society like many heros are.  They are hated by the general population.  I think that it's very important that humans learn to accept each other for our differences.  If you haven't seen this movie yet, go see it.  It's worth every penny.
B00004XONN|5.0|A lot of people won't like this album because there's not enough guitars, or theydo funny things with Thom's voice.  In one review I read they said that they replaced Thom's voice with &quot;avant sax soloing&quot; in the &quot;National Anthem&quot;.  To all of you who don't like this album simply becuase it doesn't sound like OK Computer: go to hell.  I mean honestly they're trying to move on, and they did so beautifully.  This album is incredible, the melodies are brilliant and the instrumentation is interesting.  Don't think that you've ever out grown Radiohead, Radiohead has out grown you.
158234082X|3.0|This book was OK.  When I first got it I was excited and wanted to learn everything there is to learn about a commercial kitchen and it's operation.  Not so.<br />It was more of an autobiography about jealous, the Drunken, drugged up, to ugly for his TV cooking show loser.<br />There are a few other books out there that may be better, like The Making of a Chef (Ruhlman).
0451457994|5.0|One of the best science fiction books in history, this is one of the few works that you need to read in order to have an education in SF. Whether you like it or not (who could not like this?), if you do not read it any time in your life, you will be a SF poser.<br />  What can I say that it has not been said before? This book has it all; from speculative technology (for it's time, look around you now) to glimpses of the ultimate evolution of conscious life.<br />  Sir Arthur C. Clarke, the grand master of Science Fiction (Along with many others) did an excellent work with this fine masterpiece.<br />  If you haven't, see the movie as well.
B000002JSV|5.0|This is without the slightest hint of a doubt my favorite AC/DC album, and as a huge AC/DC fan, this therefore ranks with my favorite albums of all time.  Riff Raff may be the rockingist rock and roll song ever inflicted on the public.  Down Payment Blues and Sin City exemplify everything St. Bonn Scott lived for- constant hard grimy partying.  And if you have ever been cheated on by your girlfriend/wife/lover, may I reccomend Kicked In The Teeth for a quick and theraputic rage.
0380973464|3.0|After reading the first 200 pages of this book, I was ready to pitch it.  Stephenson seemed to have trouble finding a groove in the first bit, and really should have re-written some parts.<br />The reader can tell that Stephenson really wants to be a Terry Pratchett or Douglas Adams, but fails miserably in those first 200 pages.  As the story moves on, either he gets better at it or I got desensitized to his habit of shifting in and out of the satirical voice every other paragraph.  <br />He also shows a bit of sexual immaturity in parts, using vulgar language in places where it really isn't appropriate (i.e. a reunion between a Marine and a young woman).  In addition, most of his male characters spend a good part of their time wacking-off.  Perhaps this isn't necessarily considered a bad thing by his &quot;geek&quot; audience, but I was a little put off by his portrayal of sexuality.<br />Otherwise, the book makes a good read.  It certainly kept my interest once I gave it a chance; I peeled through it in 2 1/2 days, not something that I do often with a 900+ page book.  The story has enough twists and turns, but doesn't leave you a lot of time to think about them - which is good when you consider how many stories are dependent on a huge &quot;surprise&quot; at the end, often easy to figure out.  The ending is a little weak though, and I think Stephenson missed out on the opportunity to really finish off this epic with style.<br />With some tuning, this book could have hit 5 stars.  It's not often that a novel is that technically accurate, so Stephenson deserves quite a bit of credit along that line.  His explanations of crypto theory are also reasonable considering his audience, and I also enjoyed the WWII aspect of the plotline.  However, none of this was enough to help boost this book above 3 stars.
0676786634|5.0|In the guise of a young adult's fantasy, Philip Pullman has written a masterpiece. Inspired by Milton's Paradise Lost, the trilogy deals with some very adult themes, adventure, love, death, betrayal, sacrifice. I was moved to tears. A great, great pieces of work. Suitable for older children and adults as well.
B00003CX8J|5.0|If you're a true, blue DVD collector, this DVD should be on your shelf right now. It has everything you could want: incredible picture clarity, a five-star movie, and loads of features. <br />The first unique thing about this DVD is the packaging. As you can see, the DVD's not in something as durable as a keep case, or as cheap as a snap case (ahem, Warner Home Video...). Instead it's in a unique cardboard-plastic slip case that's very colorful and intriguing. Inside the cardboard shell with the X-Men front and the description back, there's a case that simply has a blue &quot;X&quot; in the middle of the front and back of it, and when you unfold it that has pictures of the main characters lining the inside of it and the DVD in a clear plastic case waiting for you. <br />Then, when you put it in, you see the full-motion menus and, when you play the movie, the breathtaking, THX-mastered picture and sound quality. And, there's also a fabulous array of features. It includes an optional extended branching version of the whole movie, which means if you select it, at points in the movie it will display an &quot;X-Men&quot; emblem at the bottom of the screen and branch off to a deleted scene meant to follow the previous one, then return you to the movie (you can also view the scenes separately). There's also the behind-the-scenes special aired on Fox, &quot;The Mutant Watch&quot;, and there are 5 excerpts from Bryan Singer's interview on PBS's &quot;The Charlie Rose Show&quot;, there's the screen test for Hugh Jackman, which shows him and Anna Paquin practicing the snowy road scene in the movie, and an Art Gallery featuring original art and story boards, the two original animatics for the Train Station and Statue of Liberty Fight Sequences, and the 2 theatrical trailers and the 3 TV spots. It also has the THX Optimode, the new feature which allows you to fine-tune your TV and sound system to get the most out of your movie, which is now becoming a standard DVD feature. And,with the X-Men DVD, there are also 2 hidden Easter Eggs. Here's how to access them:<br />1. At the main menu, go to the &quot;Special Features&quot; section and go to the &quot;Theatrical Trailers and TV Spots&quot; section. Go up to &quot;Trailer A&quot; if you're not there already, and go to the left. The rose picture to the left will be highlighted. Once it is, press Enter. You will then find the answer to the question &quot;What would happen if Spider-Man and the X-Men were together?&quot;. And the answer is: A lot of laughs! This Easter Egg is an exclusive outtake from the movie which shows a guy in a Spider-Man suit (possibly Bryan Singer) sneaking up on Cyclops, Storm and Jean, who then looks around and says &quot;I am completley in the wrong movie! I am so sorry!&quot; Hilarious.<br />2. Go to the &quot;Special Features&quot; section and go to the &quot;Art Gallery&quot; section. Once you're there, keep going down until you highlight the picture of Wolverine's dog tags, then press Enter. You will then see an array of storyboards of two characters who were meant to appear in the movie, but will appear in the sequel.<br />So, to summarize, this DVD is a collectors' dream. This is a MUST-BUY!
630514415X|1.0|not so much as reviewing the dvd, but the movie in general. It's REALLY bad, nobody saw it and theres a reason for that. It has no story, the acting is terrible and the ending is the worst part. It leaves the movie viewer with a sense of disgust. Even if you like basketball i suggest you stay away from this movie. Because you will just be wasting your time and will never get the time back in your life. Spike lee is a terrible director and gives other directors bad names because he calls his movies joints, which is pointless. Bad movie i suggest not watching it. If you have i feel bad for you, especially you Jeff, i know you love it. It's really bad.
B000051VWW|5.0|Whoa! For those not in the know--and there is no real Sade fan not in the know--it has been eight long years since the elegant one released a studio record, and six since her best of set.  Some might find the task of coming back after that long a hiatus a daunting one, especially considering the fickleness of the American public's taste for music.  Well it can now be said to never underestimate the power of Sade.  Few could come back after so long and regain their place at the top of the charts, but she manages to surprise everyone everytime.  And it is well justified--few artists can continually release records that are so classic in nature as Sade.  &quot;Lovers Rock&quot; is no exception.  From the opening track, 'By Your Side', through the remainder of the album, Sade vocalizes about love like no other.  Only she could make a song with a title like 'Somebody Already Broke My Heart' rise above what could easily be cliche and make it a revelation of human emotions.  By far one of the best albums this year.
B000002TQV|5.0|One of the saddest things about radiohead is that their less genius stuff has been over-praised, and their best album didn't get near as much attention as it should have.  The Bends is simply brilliant.  All the critics have praised OK Computer and Kid A for being incredibly coherant albums, which they are, but they cannot even approach the bends.  Every song fits perfectly.      The album kicks off with &quot;planet telex&quot;, which starts to reveal the alienation within.  &quot;The bends&quot; speaks true with the lyrics, &quot;I wish it were the sixties/I wish I could be happy/I wish/I wish something would happen&quot;.  The out of place teenage angst is brilliantly worded.  Other highlights include, &quot;High and Dry&quot;, &quot;Just&quot;, and &quot;My iron lung&quot;.      The album starts on an unhappy note and goes pretty much down from there, but it doesn't leave you depressed, it leaves you uplifted in your discomfort.
B00004TH83|5.0|Though many will no doubt offer obvious comparisons to fellow  Canadian Celine Dion, and to a lesser degree maybe Barbra Streisand, Lara Fabian has something to offer on her own terms. For one, her voice is less crystalline and more throaty than Dion's or Streisand's.  For another, she is one of the few singers that fall into the &quot;diva&quot; category that actually writes or co-writes her own material.  Her English label debut offers  many opportunities for her to breakthrough here in the states. First single 'I Will Love Again' is a rousing dance anthem in the Cher 'Believe' mode, and is executed flawlessly.  There are few,if only slight, missteps on this album, and a ton of potential singles, chief among them being the gorgeous 'Part of Me' and 'Till I Get Over You', which is very reminiscent of the  great and underrated Anastacia single 'I'm Outta Love'.  A definate must for those who appreciate a great voice and great songs.
B00004ZB9D|5.0|This is one of the greatest, err, best greatest hits albums EVER! Lenny Kravitz is one of the most talented musicians of our time, and the ALBUM proves why. ALL of his greatest hits are included, unlike other greatest hits albums where one or two songs are usually missing. LENNY KRAVITZ: GREATEST HITS includes new songs like Fly Away, American Woman, I Belong To You, and Again, and a mix of old songs like Mr. Cab Driver, It Ain't Over Til It's Over, and Let Love Rule. This is a wonderful CD, and Lenny Kravitz is the greatest musician around today.
B000051VWW|5.0|If Sade can last decades producing albums and still have as many listeners, then obviously she's one of the greatest singers of all times.  I love her music! It's amazing how beautifully she sings! This album is definitely the kind of music that I could listen to over and over.
B0000508U6|3.0|This is a very pretty CD. The recording is meticulous, creating a pleasant atmosphere. Upon first listen, I was immediately pleased. After repeated listenings, however, the album did not hold up quite as well and even felt a bit sterile and hollow. Though I still recommend the CD, there are more impressive recordings out there.<br />If you like the folkish, intimate feel of this record, you will love Wheat, by the group called HOPE &amp; ADAMS.  Where Parachutes is refined and overly-polished, Wheat is raw and edgy, much more like an imcomplete pencil sketch, leaving your imagination to fill in the gaps. In Parachutes, you get the feeling that you are hearing the result of some careful and sucessful marketing, though the product is one of quality.  With Wheat, you feel connected to the material, as if the band has just finished the original compositions and played them for the first time; you sense that for the band the material is still fresh, and still played with the inspiration that sparked the songwriter in the first place.<br />If, on the other hand, you like the ambient quality of this record, you likely alreay know that Radiohead pulls this trick off like no other band.  If you play Parachutes and then play Kid A, its like going from community theatre to a professional production. Both are very well-rehearsed and refined, but one simply reaches greater depths of feeling. There is an element of detachment to both records, but with Kid A, you get the feeling that the detachment is a reflection of the feelings of the singer. In Parachutes, the detachment seems more the result of a young songwriter who has not mastered the craft of self-expression, or who has yet to determine what he wants to express.<br />Coldplay has great potential. They have an undeniable sound, they just need to figure out what to do with it.  There effort to meet this challenge, though somewhat unsuccessful, is still engaging.  But for more lasting rewards, give these other two albums a try.
6302732875|5.0|I rank this film among the all time greats.  There is some speculation that playwright David Mamet was attempting to subtly cast aspersions upon the Reagan economic era.  If so, I  unhesitatingly reject Mamet's interpretation of his own story.  This, however, does not in the least detract from my wholehearted appreciation of &quot;Glengarry Glen Ross.&quot;  I  simply consider Mamet's Pulitzer prize winning play turned into film as not about professional salesmen, but low life con men.  The former must represent legitimate  products and develop long term business relationships in order to be successful.  Scam artists, on the other hand, merely seek victims to deceive and plunder before  disappearing once again into the void.<br />Mamet's story revolves around a group of fast talking crooks who are finding it increasingly difficult to locate fresh suckers willing to purchase real estate at far above  fair market value.  These losers are without a conscience, and seem only to draw the line at opportunities involving violence.  They are willing to push the  legal envelope, but try their best not to place themselves in harm's way with the law.  These confidence men are currently getting desperate and the top management of their organization realizes  that it has a major crisis on its hands.  The bosses send a ruthless and brutal sales motivator played by Alec Baldwin to either fire up the troops, or cut them from the  payroll.  The famous scene where Baldwin throws down the gauntlet is powerful and mesmerizing.  I might add, though, that the scene that has Al Pacino, in an  Academy Award nomination role, as the top con man of the group trying to scam the wimpy and vulnerable mark (Jonathan Pryce) is perhaps my favorite.  Pacino's  character makes an extraordinary effort to save the sale to the gullible victim until he realizes that it's irreversibly lost. One then immediately senses that the sleazy  representative will never again even think about the prospect.  The dupe would be out of sight and out of mind. The swindler had lied to gain his trust,  and failing to accomplish the hoped for result was now indifferent whether he lived or died.<br />David Mamet's artistic genius earned him the respect and willingness of major stars to perform for far below their standard fee.  The other actors  involved with this project, Jack Lemon, Alan Arkin, Ed Harris, and the always brilliant Kevin Spacey, also have meaty roles.  Mamet's incredible talent for creating true to life  riveting dialogue provides actors an opportunity to do work that that is truly special (some of you will even make it a point to memorize some  of the unforgettable lines).  There are no weak and extraneous characters.  Mamet obviously thinks long and hard about the meaning of every word.  There is never any  fluff and wasted energy.  The audience feels compelled to pay full attention, and almost certainly will wish to see the production again.  You owe it to yourself to seek a  copy of &quot;Glengarry Glen Ross.&quot;  This one deserves a place in your permanent film collection.e would be out of sight and out of mind. The swindler had lied to gain his trust,  and failing to accomplish the hoped for result was now indifferent whether he lived or died.<br />David Mamet's artistic genius earned him the respect and willingness of major stars to perform for far below their standard fee.  The other actors  involved with this project, Jack Lemon, Alan Arkin, Ed Harris, and the always brilliant Kevin Spacey, also have meaty roles.  Mamet's incredible talent for creating true to life  riveting dialogue provides actors an opportunity to do work that that is truly special (some of you will even make it a point to memorize some  of the unforgettable lines).  There are no weak and extraneous characters.  Mamet obviously thinks long and hard about the meaning of every word.  There is never any  fluff and wasted energy.  The audience feels compelled to pay full attention, and almost certainly will wish to see the production again.  You owe it to yourself to seek a  copy of &quot;Glengarry Glen Ross.&quot;  This one deserves a place in your permanent film collection.
0790749998|3.0|I am a pretty big jet li fan, and i must say although this movie is decent, it definitely is not his best work.Movies like black mask and the defender are in my opinion a lot better,Not to say this is bad.Sure there is an appearance by dmx(and i could have done without his mediocre acting) and some great martial arts sequences , but nothing he hasnt done better before.the story line is basically the chineese and the blacks are sort of like two huge gangs, and they are against each other.Aaliya falls for li, so of course theres some conflict.The story line just seems to lack something for some reason though.If you are a jet li fan, check out the defender or lack mask, or any of his others.If you like martial arts movies, you will find some if not a lot of enjoment with this movie.
B00003CWTI|2.0|...overall deceiving. I think this is another example (like Matrix and others) of an amazingly produced movie with almost no content at all. Maybe visual effects are a new form of art in itself, but I wish movies were still &quot;movies&quot;, in the first place.
0679879269|5.0|The Amber Spyglass, was a fantastic end to the Dark Materials trilogy, and definitely the better of the three. It was compelling, intriguing, amazing, happy, and sad all at once. The end leaves you with tears in your eyes and wishing for more, as do many parts of the book. Will and Lyra are on a series a missions which all involve learning a little more about themselves, and having to let go something that they love very dearly.
B00003CX8J|4.0|In the world of movies, profundity often creeps up in the most unexpected and unlikely of places.  Let's face it; one does not instinctively turn to the super-hero genre if one is searching for films with great thematic meaning and philosophical depth.  Yet, \\"X-Men\\" provides just those qualities in the context of a thought provoking, intelligently written and superbly executed tale of \\"mutants\\" searching for acceptance, tolerance and affirmation in a world filled with frightened and often even hostile inhabitants.<br />Much more than just a mere action film, \\"X- Men\\" broadens into a study of the effects of prejudice, done in almost allegorical terms.  Often when a theme has become played out through over exposure, it takes a fresh approach to make it come alive again.  Yet another movie chronicling the injustices done to blacks, Native Americans, Jews, gays, the handicapped and a host of other routinely aggrieved groups probably would not have the same impact as this film does.  By creating an entirely fictional group to serve as the target of intolerance, the filmmakers allow us see the issue from a novel perspective, stripped down to its barest essentials as it were.  Since none of us brings to the film an innate prejudice against a group that doesn't exist in real life, we are all free to see the irrationality, fear and idiocy that serve as the basis for bigotry in any of its forms.  How many movies of any genre can one say THAT about?<br />The film begins, appropriately, with a scene recreating a factual example of bigotry in one of its most recent and darkest forms - as a family of Jews in 1944 Poland is marched to its doom in a Nazi concentration camp.  We discover later on that the young lad has survived the experience and that he is actually one of the first of a new breed of \\"mutants\\" being caused by a sudden leap in the human evolutionary cycle.  It seems that these mutants begin manifesting their various differences around the time of puberty, and that as the 21st Century progresses and more and more of these special people begin to reveal themselves, the world finds itself grappling with the issue of whether or not they should be denied equal rights and equal citizenship and even whether or not they should be allowed to remain integrated with the rest of society.  In many ways, I imagine that this film speaks with particular significance to the gay community, since in contemporary terms, that seems to be the group most often targeted with the kind of ignorant, vitriolic claptrap we hear coming from the outraged \\"normal\\" citizens and opportunistic politicians in the film.  The X-Men are a group of mutants (women included, by the way) with super-human powers whose twofold mission it is to prevent the world's lawmakers from passing legislation against them and to simultaneously fight off some renegade mutants who have decided to take matters into their own, less diplomatic hands.  Kudos to writer David Hayder and director Bryan Singer for daring to explore such a profound theme in such an entertaining format.<br />For make no mistake about it:  \\"X-Men,\\" for all its profundity and thematic richness, is, first and foremost, a stylish and enthralling comic book action thriller.  Even though the mutant heroes are essentially two-dimensional characters, at least they don't undercut the seriousness of their purpose by indulging in the customary wisecracking, adolescent antics that have diminished so many earlier super hero characters in previous films of this nature.  Most impressive is that the \\"villain\\" possesses not only a credible motive for his actions, but even the seeds of some long dormant goodness that allow for the possibility of his redemption somewhere down the road.  (And it is indeed obvious that this film provides a dandy setup for a potentially lucrative series of films to follow).  The first-rate action stunt sequences and state-of-the-art special effects contribute greatly to the entertainment level of thefilm.  Of the actors, the standout is Patrick Stewart who, as the mutant dedicated to building a bridge of tolerance and understanding between the mutants and the outside world, brings just the right note of comforting civility and rationality to the role.<br />Yet, for all its technical virtues as an action film, it is the depth and breadth of its vision that separates \\"X-Men\\" from so many other films of its genre and makes it truly worthwhile viewing.  As grateful moviegoers, our appetite is whetted - and we eagerly await our next serving.he film.  Of the actors, the standout is Patrick Stewart who, as the mutant dedicated to building a bridge of tolerance and understanding between the mutants and the outside world, brings just the right note of comforting civility and rationality to the role.<br />Yet, for all its technical virtues as an action film, it is the depth and breadth of its vision that separates \\"X-Men\\" from so many other films of its genre and makes it truly worthwhile viewing.  As grateful moviegoers, our appetite is whetted - and we eagerly await our next serving.
B000002JKA|5.0|To all of you prog-metalheads out there looking for Dream Theaters' best work ever, this is it, look no further. Although they indeed are my favorite band, I can tell you objectively this is the best cd in its genre.      With this cd i got into DT and never left it again. The outstanding mix of heavy ripping guitar-keyboard leading songs as The Mirror,Lie or Caught in a web and mellow,a bit slower songs, mainly keyboard/piano oriented as: Lifting shadows off a dream, Innocence faded and Voices is what makes this cd a work of art.     In Awake Dt takes all their experience showed in Images and Words to take their music to a whole new level. The songs are more complex, with a much richer sound, and much more heavy and melodic. Still in this record the group had Kevin Moore on keys which although being his leaving cd ( he left the band after recording Awake), he goes but making the best of his effort ever.  His terribly deep moving lines in Lifting shadows... and Space die vest contrasted with his blowingly fast solos as in 6:00 make this Dt's greatest keyboard player ever.     Maybe he's not as fast as Jordan Rudess is,( whom I also like  and respect A LOT), but Moore's style was other thing Id love to see back someday........  On the other hand Mike Portnoys work can be guessed easily just by hearing his opening in 6:oo. As by Petrucci......... simply the best. Fast-ripping-mind blowing 7 string riffs and solos ( just hear Lie and Erotomania)and also slow passages as in Silent Man are what make this cd A dream come true to fans who really appreciate musicianschip and virtuoso playing. if youre not into that, don't buy this cd, you wont be able to appreciate it in its whole dimension.
B00003CXIY|5.0|I am a mature adult who went to see this film out of sheer curiosity. I walked away from it with an appreciation for a &quot;younger generation&quot; film that was tastfully done and devoid of profanity being used for strictly shock value. I believe if my count was correct that approximately 4 or 5 profane words are uttered. I mention this because I felt the Director Todd Phillips did a wonderful and insightful job of finally portraying college students as being more than just absurd and weird individuals. He also helps to portray most of the students in this film as being decent fun loving people with a good perspective on having fun. The racial mix of the students and the incidents in this film are wonderfully shot and depicted. There is a sweetness to this film that permeates many of the films scenes. I found this film to be believable, enjoyable and well worth my time.
B00004XPP0|5.0|People were talking about star wars 30 years ago, and will be talking about it 30 years from now.In these movies there are great lessons, amazing heroes, state of the art special effects, these are basically history.Ive seen all of these special addition movies, and if you love star wars they do have some cool notes from, george lucas, and some very very intrestng behind the scenes stuff, however, if you are a casual movie watcher, this kind of stuff wouldnt matter.These are movies you can watch again and again.
6305736650|5.0|There is little I can say about a film of this magnitude. On first viewing it left me spell bound. I was so deeply touched by the character depth, the story line, and the settings. This movie made a Bogie fan out of me. The transfer on the DVD is excellent (as opposed o the video version where you have to fast forward through the retrospective at the BEGINING of the movie?). It was one of the first I bought and still love it all these DVDs later. There still is no one like Bogie!
0767849493|1.0|While I am a fan of Matt Damon, Ben Affleck, and usually Alan Rickman, and was raised Catholic so I can appreciate some of the jokes, this is close to the worst movie I've ever seen.  It gets one star because some of the performances are good, even if the story is dubious.  Sorry twentysomethings. The poop monster was right out of South Park humor, or perhaps Beevis and Butthead-also not my favorites.  And Alanis Morrisette as God?  Please.
B00000FCBC|5.0|I consider this the best sounding Metallica album, BARELY beating out Ride the Lightning and Master of Puppets. Disc 1 has some incredible music (the WHOLE CD is awesome), and Disc 2 has the best songs that aren't already on Lightning and Puppets (and it's on CD, rather than tape).<br />Metallica has more than redeemed themselves after Load/ReLoad!!<br />If you are an old OR a new Metallica fan, you gotta get this. All the incredibly cool stuff we like about Metallica's talent are maximized in EVERY song on these CDs... and they don't all sound the same either.
B000050XEI|5.0|The new Enya's The Day Without Rain is a perfect one, to my mind. Enya has made a good job, singing multilayers of her voice. I think here she controls her voice the best she ever did!<br />The main feature of the album is that it's the most high-mooded and soft from all the previous works. You almost don't feel any misery or any other sad notes. That's not a problem to my mind; if you want to set up your mood to low-level, melancholy one, you can just listen to Watermark or Shepherd Moons. But here, there's completely another atmosphere! Wild Child, Flora's Secret or Pilgrim - beautifully made songs with indescribable feelings after listening to them!
6300216268|5.0|I first saw this movie a few years ago, and when my friends described it to me as a &quot;cult classic&quot;, I thought that I would certainly hate it.  However, instead, it is one of my favourite movies of all time.  This year, when I was in Europe, it was on television at 1:10am, and i stayed up to watch it, even though the entire thing was dubbed in German.  <br />This is a wacky film, and i think it is one of those that you either love or hate.  Even after all these years, it is not a relic of some &quot;flower power&quot; or &quot;hippie&quot; era, but stands the test of time and touches on themes that are still relevant to people nowadays, such as taking time just to ENJOY life, and not being too caught up in all of society's rules.<br />The acting is superb; the music is gorgeous - it's Cat Stevens, and it really fits in with the tone and the message of this movie; and if you want something different but fun, Harold and Maude is really worth a try.
B000001DTM|5.0|I've only recently gotten familiar with U2's music.  This was one that came highly recomended.  I must say, I was blown away.  There is nothing out there that sounds like this band on this album.  So original, yet so in tune to familiar musical roots.  It's hard to believe they put this thing out almost 10 years ago, this album seems timeless and is destined to become a classic.  Musically, every single track seems so strong, which I have noticed is the norm on most of U2's album.  Oh, and then there's the lyrics!  I cannot believe how this singer (Bono) has such an amazing ability to touch people and make them feel like they can relate with the words he writes in these songs.  I really do think that any fan who appreciates music in general, whether it's rock, to pop, to even hip hop, will appreciate this album.  You can't go wrong with this one.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This movie rates as one of the best I've seen in many years because it can evoke so many emotions that run the gamut from deep despair to fantastic excitement.  The DVD quality is excellent for both image and sound.  Crank this movie up as the score and sounds of mortal combat will overwhelm your senses (and perhaps your sound system)!  This movie delivers - Plus the DVD delivers.  ENJOY!
B000021Y7X|5.0|well......i was there....the MANN MUSIC CENTER in Philly for the tour..in the balcony(suspended on wires)...by the time THEY GOT TO&quot;BURNING DOWN THE HOUSE&quot;, THE BALCONY WAS LITERALLY SWINGING. when i popped this DVD in , it all came back to me. Demme is a cinematic genius, and quality wise, there is nothing lacking on this DVD. iF YOU ARE NOT FAMILIAR WITH dAVID bYRNE AND THe hEADS, DO YOUR SELF A FAVOR AND START HERE. MAYBE ONE of the greatest live bands ever, and this DVD proves it.I cannot watch this film without &quot;shaking all over&quot;
B00004XOWM|3.0|More like 3.5 stars.  I was disappointed to find out Take a look around was on this one.  It was like a wasted space on the CD.  I already own that soundtrack. Other than that I'm glad I own the CD but expect no repeats next time.
B0000070SN|5.0|Hawkwind was, and still is twenty years ahead of the world.... flow effortlessly from one song to another. this cd set leaves you breathless. (listen closely... you can hear the true masters of the universe.)
B00001NFCY|5.0|This one song came out around the same time my wife became pregnant. Unbelievable! A hard rock song about having a kid! It brought me to tears, and still does. <br />What ever you may think about the band's sound, what ever you may think of the quality of the lyrics, soul of Scott Stapp is poured into these songs. This is a secular group that had undeniably good upbringings. Their messages are to the point, and strongly emotional, and full of what many would refer to as &quot;the will of God&quot;. It's about time we for some &quot;good&quot; hard rock that isn't heavily laiden with Christian references. This band is the best thing for teenagers in a long time. Not so bad for us &quot;old folks&quot; either.
0553277472|5.0|This book follows the story of Pheadrus (Pirsig himself) through a disillusionment with the constraints of Wetern Philosophy and Science.  In page after page of this &quot;Chotoqua&quot;, Pirsig reveals how our culture is wreck of valueless, empty rationalism with no concern for Quality.  He doesn't however, leave it there.  He then goes onto explain ways of injecting Quality into one's life throught the metaphor of a motorcycle.<br />To be read at least once a year, ideally around the Winter Solstice.
B00004XONN|5.0|It's different. And that is exactly what i expected. If you're expecting OKC 2, you will be dissapointed, just like some were when they expected OKC to be The Bends 2. The best way to listen to this record is to not have any expectations at all. Just sit back, relax and enjoy the horns, the strings, the harps, and the rest.<br />Anyways, a few points:<BR><BR><br />1. there ARE guitars.<BR> 2. there ARE melodies.<BR> 3. nothing in it sounds like aphex twin.<BR> 4. the horns are supposed to sound like mingus' stuff.
B000002MP2|5.0|Dookie isn't just one of the best album's that came out in the 90s , dookie is the best most original most brilliant album i have ever heard , in fact it has changed the way i look to life and feel about it , it's amazing how 40 minutes  of great music can do <br />all of the songs and i mean all of them are more than great , i know green day well never make something as half good as this one again but they are one the best band's i have ever heard , even if they sold out or not even if they were real punk's or not , green day rocks <br />well i have heard this cd more than 100,000 time's i use to hear it like 4 time's a day &quot;at least&quot; for more than tow years , if that's make's me an idiot then i am , if i look like a geek to you then i am , but i can never deny the fact that i enjoyed every second in dookie and i felt something true about it , it doesn't mater what you people think as long as it was true and good for me <br />this is the best cd that i have listened too until now , green day rocks
0195067142|5.0|I doubt whether there is or will ever be any book better at conveying the horror and misery of war.  Sledge has no axes to grind - he just wants to tell his reader what the Pacific campaign was like for the foot soldier.  The account is first person.  The writing style is simple and direct.  He has created a book that enagages as well as any page-turner but also teaches by giving a glimpse of a world most of us, thankfully, will never have to experience.  Read it.
6300214354|5.0|when i first saw this movie, it was on tv at 1 in the morning.  i recorded it but then lent the video to a mate who hasn't gave it back.  i am despirite to buy it for xmas 2000.  shame its not on dvd.  but i have never seen such a comedy as funny as this, nothing has came close. NOTHING!! if your tempted to buy this video, just get it its the most funniest comedy ever, you will not be sorry!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I have to admit that up until I heard this album I was not a huge Savage Garden fan.  Their first album was reasonable with  varying tracks from the classic &quot;Truly Madly Deeply&quot; to the forgetable &quot;Promises.&quot;  However, despite this I bought their second album &quot;Affirmation&quot; and since then I've been obsessed...! There is not one track on this album that I couldn't relate to - this is one emotionally charged album!  Highlights include &quot;Two beds and a coffee machine&quot;, the up-beat &quot;Chained to you&quot;, and my personal favourite - &quot;I don't know you anymore.&quot;  Darren Hayes' beautiful vocals will carry you through an emotional rollercoaster, which will leave you wanting more.  Such captivating music will not be found anywhere else...
6305971935|5.0|Just wanted to say that not only is this a great movie (time travel), but also that the clarity of the movie (on DVD) is very high. Especially in the outdoor scenes. Colors are great too.  If you get the chance to view this on a computer screen (using the DVD drive in the computer), you will be stunned.  Personal Computers use progressive scan DVD technology, which is like a line doubler.  You get a much clearer picture.  Makes the DVD's look like film.  Regular DVD players that hook up to regular TV's (non-digital) are interlaced, and don't look as good.
B00002MZ2C|3.0|This aint as good as there debut, but beats evil empire. SOa decent 3/5
0792151712|5.0|Leonardo DiCaprio, 26, and Kate Winslet, 25, bring &quot;Titanic&quot; to life as Jack Dawson and Rose Dewitt Bukater. DiCaprio plays Jack, a free spirited artist who does whatever he wants. Winslet plays Rose, a sophisticated rich girl who is engaged to an abusive man named Cal Hockley. Jack and Rose meet at the bow of the ship when Jack convinces her not to jump. Cal then invites Jack to join them for dinner tomorrow evening. Jack shows Rose his drawings and teaches her how to spit like a man. They go to dinner and go to a party downstairs afterwards. At some point, Rose changes her mind and goes to Jack. Their friendship suddenly turns into a very powerful love. After the ship hits an iceberg in the North Atlantic, their passionate love affair becomes a race for survival. My favorite scene is Jack and Rose standing on the bow of the ship and they kiss for the first time. This movie is a real tearjerker, as is both of the soundtracks. &quot;Titanic&quot; is a great movie!
B000000OQF|5.0|This is what Hard rock should be. Its a pitty guns n roses couldnt keep it up
6305358613|2.0|Once again, the age old situation rears it's ugly head.  In the interest of fitting a full length motion picture in several different incarnations, plus additional materials and programming fun all onto one DVD disc, someone decided that sacrificing video quality was okay.  ELIZABETH, a solidly made motion picture by Shakar Kapur (director of BANDIT QUEEN), featuring breakout performances by Cate Blanchett and Christopher Eccolston, provides us with technical problems that distract from the beauty of the images that were so compelling on the big screen.  Digial ghosting, bleed between hi-contrast borders, digital misshaping, all of these classic lower quality MPEG encoding problems show up in this disc.  Admittedly, not as pronounced as in other examples of poor DVD encoding like Bryan Singer's USUAL SUSPECTS, but enough to annoy any cinephile from getting the most out of that brand spanking new DVD player they just got.  Go out and find a Widescreen VHS version in the meantime.
B00003CXE7|5.0|I recently baught this movie because i love dvd's and i love to excersie the power of my home theater system. Gladiator has one of the best Surrond sound  tracks i have ever heard, I kept looking behind me because i thought somone was shooting arrows at me or that there was a tiger behind me, I watched this dvd on my 27&quot; wega with my family and friends, it kept getting applause for the picture quality and sound. <br />Techie stuff aside. Its been a long time that a movie like this has came out that can really depict the nature of the Roman Empire, with the additional cg elements and the heart pounding at times and soft at other , Hans Zimmer score, this movie is damn near perfect. Watch it once for the movie, Another time for the commentary, Another time again ... and then put in disc 2 . ill leave you to that.
0671034065|5.0|I have been a fan of Linda Howard's for a while now.  I read the library copy taken out by a friend.  As soon as this comes out in paperback, I am adding it to my LH collection.  This book was great. Laugh-out-loud funny and sexy. I highly recommend this book.
B000051VWW|3.0|Lovers Rock is a wonderful album, but after many repeated listenings, the songs begin to wear.  I don't want to say this album has no soul, but there does seem to be something lacking.  Could it be the absence of real instruments?  Maybe.  The programmed beats seem to ruin alot of the tracks in my oppinion.  For instance on track #2 &quot;Flow&quot;, the drumbeats sound flat and muffled. I believe using real drums would have had a greater impact.  Come to think of it, where were all the real instruments?  I missed the acoustics of Sade's previous works, like in &quot;Paradise&quot;, which had a deeper groove and more passionate appeal to the soul.  One highlight on &quot;Lovers Rock&quot; is the track &quot;Somebody Already Broke My Heart&quot;.  I felt the vibe on that one.  Another track that hits it is &quot;It's Only Love That Gets U Thru&quot;.  Sparse in it's arrangement, Sade's borderline acapella serenade glides you through love's magical course of empowerment.  You get alot of filler tracks on here, like &quot;All About Our Love&quot; again with the flat miffed up drumbeats that sound lousy on any home or car stereo.  It's like, throw away whatever keyboard you programmed those beats on and hire some real musicians, I'm sure they need the work.  Overall &quot;Lovers Rock&quot; does indeed rock, but compared to her other albums, this one misses the mark just by a fraction.  I think it's time to break out &quot;Love Deluxe&quot; and &quot;Love is Stronger Than Pride&quot;.  Listen to some real Sade music, put that other one back on the shelf.  (Lovers Rock that is).
B000009QPE|5.0|I first got this cd about 5 years ago when i was not into slayer as much and i loved it.This is one of slayers best cds.Its such a fast cd this is a one of a kind cd i dont think slayer sounds anything like this in there other cds. If you like slayer and dont have this than all i need to say is BUY it.you wont regret it.
B00004WF68|5.0|This is the one album that is bound to become a classic of the psychedelic era. This remarkable record not only contains some fabulous songs, it also represents the archetipal english psych-rock album, with all the not-so-subtle drug allusions, cockney accent, awfully dated sound effects and dubious cover. I mean, look at that cover! Do these guys look healthy? But don't misunderstand me, this hasn't dated as much as most of its contemporaries, and many of these songs actually sound refreshing. The playing is quite tight, and the new remastered cd is really an improvement over the original lp. What you need to buy just after Mr Fantasy is Frank Zappa's &quot;we're only in it for the money&quot;, the perfect antidote if you start growing your hair long and endlessly listen to &quot;paper sun&quot;. After &quot;Surrealistic Pillow&quot; by the Jefferson Airplane, this is the best contact-high on the market.
B00003CXBK|5.0|I don't have the words to say how much I liked it! Great drawings (not only characters, but the backgrounds too), wonderful, beautiful music. As for the plot it definitely isn't the primitive black&amp;white one - neither &quot;side&quot; of the conflict is 100% bad or 100% &quot;saint&quot;. <br />Definitely something to see for people that are fanatically &quot;green&quot;, and for people who are just the opposite type of fanatics and ignore the degradation of the environment.<br />As for the DVD release... I see that people at Disney had finally come their senses and included the original Japanese soundtrack.
0679882820|5.0|I have a 1 year old who loves all the Dr. Seuss board books.  It's good for individual time, as he sits and looks at the pictures and turns the pages as if reading the book.  He also loves to sit in my lap as we read it together.  I love pointing to the pictures and telling him what they are and what sound they make.  It's great fun!
B000021XR5|4.0|I am so happy Weiland and crew got back with each other. I waited 3 years on buying this album, and it wasn't bad at all. There's lotsa songs that have a clearer voice, though I wasn't expecting this because Weiland was arrested, and in probition. &quot;Heaven &amp; Hot Rods&quot; is my favorite song throughout the disc. &quot;No Way Out&quot; is that most recent single from STP. Scott's voice sounds like Ed Roland(Collective Soul) and Live. I also think &quot;Glide&quot; reminds me of Radiohead. The guitar riffs are pretty good exc. Sex&amp; Violence, otherwise excellent. It is a good thing they've came back, with a more leveled voice.
B00000JCOV|5.0|As many people do not know, this is a talented band, and deserves some attention. Of course maybe they scream and some dont like that, but songs like Wait&amp;Bleed, and Purity, show different. They are both really good songs, and show the actual singing part of Corey. You shouldn't listen to the people that tell you they aren't anything to listen to at all. And ESPECIALLY dont listen to TORKVAR which says they are overrated, or that person that says he's &quot;a music fan&quot;, which he probably is not, because he says that lipknot simply, SUCKS. Well, they do not, and just about every damn song on here is good...that includes (Sic), Eye l e ss, Wait&amp;Bleed, S u rf a  c ing, Spit  It  Out, Purity, Liberate, Prothsetics, Only One, and Scissors is okay too. That makes it all the worth to buy the album. Take my advice because I AM true about my reviews, and buy this album.
B00000HXFL|5.0|In interviews as late as 1987 Chet listed this album as one of his favourites, and who would doubt his judgment? I think it's his best album from the sixties, a perfect showcase for Chet's varied talents. Whether you like the fleet player of fast bop (or post-bop, as is the case here), the lyrical trumpeter or the sensitive balladeer, it's all here. The uptempo tunes sound very &quot;sixties&quot; and modern and Chet's lines are firm, hard-driven and edgy, but he never loses his human touch. As a vocalist Chet has never sounded better. He sings with fire, conviction and at times almost unbearable tenderness - &quot;You're mine, you&quot; and &quot;The touch of your lips&quot; send chills up your spine - and his rendition of Mel Torm's &quot;Born to be blue&quot; is impressive and, indeed, bluesy. Anyone who claims that Chet isn't a singer should listen to these cuts. This American comeback album has long unduly been overlooked, but it is a very strong statement from this poignant trumpeter and singer. If you love Chet you should buy this one; you can't go wrong with it.
B000001G89|5.0|I can't believe a couple of reviewers prefer the Karajan recording to this superlative version. In his digital version (DG) Karajan unwisely uses actors instead of the actual singers for the dialogues, this sounds fake and stupid, I just can't stand it. Carreras just before his illness (1983) was going through a patchy period, his singing just can't compare to Domingo's. But it is of course Carmen who makes or breakes a recording, and Teresa Berganza is a musical miracle. It is true she makes a different Carmen, but all the more believable for it. Do try this recording, it is a classic.
0140189378|4.0|It is true, that on the exterior this book seems to be a great bore.  We are subject to the lead characters complaining throughout the story, and the whole time we want to shout at him to grow up.  It can be very frustrating and stirs up hostility towards the character. Which is a wonderful achievement by a book.  The book is very good because it actually does stir up emotion.  Most of all, it makes a major statement about the human condition in America.  How many of us know people like Tommy Wilhelm?  Read it and you'll find that you know plenty.
0446605409|3.0|This is my first taste of the critically lauded Nelson DeMille, and I have to admit I think he's a little over-rated.  &quot;Plum Island&quot; is a thinking man's mystery, which is not negative in the long run.  However, the pace is amazingly slow, and the lead character, John Corey, can sometimes be a little egotistical and arrogant.  The case itself is an original idea, but there are no real surprises and the denouement seems forced and lethargic.<br />Not a bad read, but nothing special.
B00003CXE7|5.0|\\"Gladiator\\" is one of those rare blockbusters that actually lives up to the hype.  Produced in the mold of old fashioned Hollywood epics like Ben-Hur, Cleopatra and Spartacus, this film was every bit as spectacular as they used to make them in the heyday of the studios.  With a lavish budget and an eye for detail, director Ridley Scott (\\"Alien\\", \\"Blade Runner\\", \\"GI Jane\\") combines the splendor of ancient Rome (brought to life in stunning detail through awesome, computer generated visual effects) with a human story of gripping intensity, to create one of the most complete entertainment experiences I can remember in quite some time.<br />The story involves the fall from grace of Maximus, a famous general of the Northern Army whom Marcus Aurelius favors over his own son for succession to the throne.  When Marcus dies before making this wish known, his son Commodus is elevated and orders Maximus killed.  Maximus escapes his executioners, but is taken as a slave and turned into a Gladiator.  This sets up a dramatic confrontation between Maximus and Commodus in the Roman Coliseum.<br />This is an ingenious meld of fantasy and reality that plays fast and loose with historical fact.  Marcus Aurelius was, in fact, a roman Caesar during the period in question.  His portrayal as a kind and thoughtful leader was accurate.  He would come to be known historically as the \\"Philosopher King\\" and the \\"Benevolent Dictator\\".  He was also a great military leader and conqueror.  Commodus was altered considerably from historical accounts, but the essence of his evil and egocentric personality was well represented.  By historical accounts, Commodus was fair and blond.  He was not the sniveling brat who avoided battle as he was portrayed.  In fact, he fought by his father's side for the last five years of Marcus Aurelius' life.  Nor was he passed over by his father for succession.  Marcus was proud of Commodus and named him Caesar at the age of five.  He publicly named him as his successorat seventeen.<br />It is universally accepted that Marcus Aurelius died of plague in March of 180 A.D. and not as depicted in the film.  There is no historical record of any general named Maximus.  Commodus died in a carefully planned coup d'etat, strangled in his bath by a gladiator named Narcissus.  This is also at odds with events depicted in the film.<br />Despite these inaccuracies, much of this film maintained a great deal of historical authenticity.  Commodus did indeed cease the conquering wars and focused on gaining favor with \\"the mob\\", a derisive term used by the Patricians to describe the masses.  He would give away food and other gifts and hold extensive games to keep them amused.  He was also wildly popular for personally fighting gladiators in the arena, just as depicted.  He was a ruthless dictator, who had numerous attempts made on his life, and he routinely had Senators and other enemies executed.  His was a reign of terror and debauchery that rivaled that of Caligula.  <br />The most impressive feat of historical authenticity was the computer generated views of Ancient Rome.  These were done in meticulous detail and consistent with what is know from records and ruins.  The costumes were also precise and authentic, as were the battle tactics seen in the opening battle.  This film brings Ancient Rome to life in a way that is more realistic than ever before.<br />The story was a cross between the story of Commodus and the story of Spartacus.  Spartacus was a roman soldier who deserted and who was taken into slavery, later becoming a gladiator and then the leader of a slave uprising against Rome.  (For those who enjoyed \\"Gladiator\\" and have never seen \\"Spartacus\\" starring Kirk Douglas, I highly recommend that you dig it out of the rental stacks.)<br />This film was a directorial masterpiece.  Though the battles were intense, the graphic violence was understated without losing effect.  Scott uses strobe photography to intensify the battle scenes ratherthan showing a great deal of gore.  Scott chose to emphasize the human story, binding us to Maximus emotionally through excellent character development.  This is a classic struggle of good against evil that turned the viewer into a devoted member of the Roman mob.  It is a story that hooks you and doesn't let you go.  Scott understood the importance of this and made sure that the human story didn't get lost in the spectacle.<br />The acting was superb.  Russell Crowe is becoming bigger than life as a box office attraction, and with good reason.  His performance was awesome, offering both physical and emotional prowess.  Joaquin Phoenix was also deliciously evil as the self tormented Commodus.  This breakout performance for Phoenix is Oscar worthy in a supporting role.  At seventy years old, Richard Harris dusted himself off for yet another powerful supporting role as Marcus Aurelius.<br />The sound on the DVD was excellent and it included an entire second disk of extras, including an interesting featurette on the making of the film.  It was enjoyable to have an opportunity to see another side of Russell Crowe.  He always plays such dour characters that it is fun to see him continually mugging for the camera and telling jokes.  It is refreshing to see that after all the fame he has enjoyed, he doesn't take himself at all seriously.<br />This film was off the rating charts.  I deducted two points for historical inaccuracies and still gave it a 10/10.  They don't make films like this anymore.  Don't miss it.
0783222955|5.0|What a lovely movie... I'm not big on old black and white movies, but this one took me by surprise. The story is truly beautiful and touching, and the movie transports you right into this sleepy little southern town. The movie impressed me as being sensitive and touching without being &quot;loud&quot; in any way. Everything has a sense of &quot;quietness&quot; and simplicity. Unlike many good movies nowadays, there isn't anything highly dramatic or loud, but the movie comes across very well nevertheless.<br />This movie is like a delicate watercolor with the faintest and most delicate hues --- unlike some other good contemporary movies which are analogous to heavily and brightly colored oil paintings. The choice of black and white to shoot the movie (I didn't realize that it was the directors discretion at first... I thought the movie was just really old), Gregory Peck's restrained performance, and most of all the lovely kids, Scout and Jem, and although he has a very brief role, Robert Duvall as Boo Radley, all contribute to this effect.
B000003KCU|5.0|ALL I GOT TO SAY IS THIS IS THE ALL TIME BEST MOVIE. THE TRASH CAN IN THE FRONT IS JUST GREAT AND SO IS THE MUSIC.&quot;WHATS SO FUNNY? I MEAN I DONT LIKE PEOPLE CALLIN ME STUFF WHEN I DONT KNOW WHAT IT IS&quot; &quot; I SAID YOU HAVE ELEPHANT TITUS&quot; &quot;WHAT DO I HAVE TO DO...EAT A BANANA?&quot;
B00003CXIY|5.0|This DVD actually does feature some nude footage thatw as cut to avoid an NC-17. The basic plot is that Josh videotapes himself cheating on his girlfriend. He and his buddies Seann William Scott(E.L.), DJ Qualls(Kyle) and Paolo Costzano(Rubin) take a trip from New York to Boston to get the tape back. The film is very funny and has great acting. All of the actors stael almost every scene there in. But the standout is Tom Green, I don't want to spoli it for those who haven't seen it, but it's a great comedey to watch with your boys or your girl.
6301871952|5.0|While I hate to be one of those people that rates a complete five stars to a movie, this movie deserves it.<br />I'm the only one I know (besides my little brother) who thinks this movie is great. The best way I can describe it is as an hour and a half Warner Brothers cartoon. This is backed up by the appearance of Daffy and Bugs at the beginning.<br />Don't watch this movie if you're expecting a retread of the original. This movie is all about the complete insanity of the gremlins themselves. It's not scary, it's just insane.<br />But this is the type of movie I love. You can feel the inspired and insane creativity the writers and director of this movie. Every time I watch this movie it reminds me of the first time I saw it in the theatres. I walked out with the same adranaline buzz the filmmakers must have felt while making it. My god, when the gremlins break into the genetics lab and start mutating. . .<br />I don't think I could describe it any better to those who might not appreciate it. And I don't think I need to describe it anymore to those who would. You know who you are, and you know you need to see this movie.<br />&quot;Start spreading the news. . .&quot;
6304119046|5.0|Citizen Kane, like all brilliant movies, was never designed to be entertaining. One of the things it could be designed to be is a big message, a headline in one of Kanes newspapers even. The headline reads: America is powerful, and power corrupts. Kane could represent America, a country that was given great power, from another. The country hoped to enlighten those of the underprivileged and bring liberty to all. The country hoped to have fun and was innocent and nice to all the other countries. As America became more and more powerful though, it began to  care only about itself. America now foolishly views itself as the greatest nation of them all now. America thinks that it can control everything, and forced the other countries to love itself, two of them are Russia and Vietnam. When these countries do not agree to love him, we retreat to our material world and die cold and lonely, forgetting Americas youth of love and happiness. I know im starting to ramble, but the point is, Citizen Kane has not one message or theme, but many. It's a brilliant movie that shouldn't be watched because its entertaining or dramatic or whatever, It should be watched because it's art. I would even argue that if you classified Citizen Kane under one genre it would have to be a comedy, with the joke on America, and our sick twisted ways of valuing money and material over anything else.
B000050XEI|3.0|OK...long time Enya fan here...going on 13 years. I have and always will love her music and voice. A Day Without Rain is classic, lovely, wonderfull music...especially Wild Child. The only problem with the album is that it is only 34 minutes long. Surely Enya, Roma and Nicky can come up with more than 34 minutes of music over the last 5 years. I felt cheated for paying $17 for an album that barely lasts longer than a South Park episode. That is not to say I would not have bought the album had I known, I would have, but I would have bought it through Amazon.Com and saved $3!
B00000J7S8|1.0|Not jazz, but jazzish.  Garbage.
B00004X01U|5.0|Okay, I've been debating whether or not to write a review for this cd for some time now, so with all of the negative input on this wonderful album, I decided that I should voice my opinion.<br />This is destined to go down in Madonna-history as one of her greatest albums. It is definately worthy of sharing the ranks with &quot;Like a Prayer&quot;, and yes, even &quot;Ray of Light&quot;. I don't know why everyone has to compare the music of &quot;Music&quot; to that of &quot;Ray of Light&quot;. It's like apples and oranges. If you like one, or the other, or both, that's fine. However, they shouldn't be compared cuz they're different! The same can be said of these two Madonna masterpieces. &quot;Music&quot; takes a different path. Madonna has incorporated alot more get-up-and-dance songs that mix well with the funky ballads. &quot;Ray of Light&quot; truly was one of the best albums of the 90's, and arguably the best of her career, but this album was released in 2000! Times change, people change, music changes, and yes, even Madonna changes. Where as &quot;Ray of Light&quot; was Maddy searching for her inner peace and exploring such deep subjects as life, death, her mother, and spirituality, &quot;Music&quot; displaces a new-found happiness. She now has 2 kids that she loves with all of her heart, and is about to be married to the &quot;love of her life&quot; (yes, direct quote). The albums are completely different, so lets treat them that way.<br />My personal favorites are:<br />1. &quot;Paradise (Not For Me)&quot; This song really presses my buttons. Great lyrics, very personal. Not to mention some seriously mind-tripping background music! Definately my fave song on the album. Check this one out.<br />2. &quot;Don't Tell Me&quot; Wow! Madonna does Nashville-meets-Mowtown-meets-Paris! This song is extremely catchy, with quite a cunning little guitar part. Cute, deep, Madonna.<br />3. &quot;Music&quot; What can I say. If this song doesn't get your booty shakin', thenyou probably don't have a soul. It was the first song I heard from the album, and definately a crowd-pleaser.
6305627401|5.0|So...my sister and i had dropped our cable service in the summer of 2000 because we realised how little TV we'd been watching and how much money we were paying for service...and i'd given my original Indoor TV Antenna to our brother because his reception was crappy and at the time i had cable...and i figured that when i wanted some home entertainment i would just watch one of my twenty or so favourite movies on DVD...and this is my substitute for all the finely articulated reviews that i read here but, all i wanted to share is that when my sister or i am down we will always be able to lift each others spirits with a snippet of this fantastically ridiculous musical...that has warped our fragile little minds.
B000051VWW|5.0|After eight long years she is back and better then ever before. With &quot;Lovers Rock&quot; Sade has proved once again that no one can say the things that lovers and friends have on their minds. From the very begining of the cd you are taken into the world of Sade and she is glad to let you in and see and feel what life is all about. Every song tells a story. Sade speaks of the heart aches of loves lost and of love that is renewed and made better. In &quot;Immigrant&quot; she tells the story of what life is like for a man who has not realized just how hard life can be. In the title cut she speaks of the strength that is found in true love and how the person that you have in your life can and will make it better for you. This is truly one of the best cd's of the year. With other artists jumping on the band wagon of having a boat load of guest artists join in on the fun Sade relies only on the Strength of her great and powerful band. After eight years we can all breathe a sigh of relief that now we have someone who will truly say what we are feeling. Welcome Ms. Sade and please don't make us wait another eight years.
B00003CX8J|5.0|This DVD had me excited ever since I never went to see it at the show.  Thats true, sometimes money can be a pain, but ever since I saw this beauty advertised I was drooling with delight and some clear substance too.  Then as soon as the DVD was out, so was I, buying a copy of it in its cool looking case that you get with it; I finally got to watch it. Whoa, was the reaction I had at the end of the movie, simply because it was everything I wanted.  I'm not a fan of the show for you out there who are skeptical of buying this but the movie had a calling to me, so I bought it.  The movie is based off a comic book, yet the movie seemed very serious and cool, so don't think it some sort of Power Ranger movie like thing because it's far from it. The acting is great and the special effects are beautiful.  Nothing like seeing Cyclops shooting off his great beam from his eyes, nothing quite like it indeed.  So if your looking for a movie with a great action sense and more over, super-human powers, this movie will rest greatly on your DVD self or the kitchen table, however you stow them is your bussiness.  Buy it.
B000050XEI|5.0|I don't see why everyone is saying they're so disappointed with this new album. I'm actually very pleased. I was afraid that after so long her songs would just be boring, but I was wrong. Unfortunately, &quot;A Day Without Rain&quot; was utterly dull and boring. I couldn't even listen to the whole thing. But I absolutely love &quot;Wild Child&quot; and &quot;Lazy Days&quot;. They're so playful and dreamlike. &quot;Flora's Secret&quot; was cheerful and pretty, it just made me think of a garden in bloom. I really enjoyed &quot;One by One&quot;, especially the &quot;Don't say, Adios say, Adios...&quot; You'll just have to listen to it. This album kind of has the same theme throughout but it's really good. &quot;Silver Inches&quot; made me think of inches that were made out of silver. I'm serious! And &quot;Tempus Vernum&quot; has that cool dark, moody tone, similar to that of &quot;Pax Deorum&quot; on &quot;The Memory of Trees&quot;. If you're new to Enya's music, I would reccommend you get &quot;Sheperd Moons&quot; or &quot;Watermark&quot; first, then get this one.
B00004W510|5.0|As good as Music From Big Pink is, this is The Band's masterpiece.  They took the same sound from Big Pink and expanded on it using more complicated arrangements and instrumentation, giving it a much deeper sound.  Robbie Robertsons songs weave together stories of varius southern characters and Maunuels contributions are just plain beautiful.  Instruemnt wise, there is much more guitar on this album then Big Pink, yet it is still sparse by mainstream rock standards which is a good thing.  Robertsons guitar never seems out of place and doesn't draw attention to itself, there are no extended solos and it always fits in with the other instruments.  The feeling I get when listening to this album is one of sitting on my back porch with The Band and just listening to them play.  Levon Helm's role is much more prominent on this album, as he sings the most well known songs, and his drumming is superb.  Hudsons organ blends even deeper into the music, and Manuel bangs away on his piano balancing everything out.  Danko keeps the beat in a way only he can.  My favorite from this album is Whispering Pines, but every song is nothing short of brilliant.  The remastered version is even better, one of the most noticable things is the acoustic guitar work, and their use of horns, both have been brought forward in this new mix.  The bonus tracks provide alternate takes of many of the tracks on the album and a version of Get up Jake.  Once again the music is atypical of its time, and each muscian is an equal part of the sound.  This album is perfection, and is one of the greatest in the history of rock.
B000001E3V|5.0|From the opening wail of Clapton's guitar , you know that this album is something different - I have heard E.C.live on various  albums - Just One Night , 24 Nights Live , The Rainbow Concert etc but this one transcends them all ! Supported by a superb band , Clapton lets his hair down and produces two hours of the finest rock music ever recorded . The bass , drums and piano back up of the Dominoes forms a fluid structure for E.C. to step on the Wah Wah and weave some of the finest rock guitar lines I have heard - plaintive , emotional , at times frenzied - altogether brilliant . This is a &quot; must buy &quot; for Clapton fans as well as budding rock guitar players -the album captures E.C. at his brilliant best - hear it and you'll understand why the fans called him &quot;God&quot; . My favourites from the album are:  &quot;Let It Rain &quot; - you will be hanging on to each riff and won't realise that it is an 18 min song . Clapton holds the song together with the trademark guitar line and fluid soloing . &quot;Key to the Highway &quot; another gem from this recording - Clapton displays his mastery of the blues idiom - electric blues at it's best . Happy Listening - I hope you enjoy this album as much as I did.
B00004U45G|5.0|Wow,  what a great sounding CD.  This CD has such a solid guitar sound and deep bass and drums, I could listen to it all day on maximum volume in my car.  Great choice of tracks here too.  Page plays great with the Crowes guitar tandem.  This is an excellent CD!
B00005176F|5.0|It's a tired subject, but while listening to Blur's Best-of compilation I can't help compare the band's output to that of their once-rivals Oasis. Oasis has put out solid albums over the past six years, yielding only some minor disappointments while remaining close to their loud guitar rock. Blur, on the other hand, have had a spotty go of it album-wise, with each subsequent follow-up to the classic Parklife distancing the band from their Kinks-Beatles influenced poncy image, experimenting more the farther they went along. The albums have been good, but not amazing. However, the best songs they've done in the past six years far outdistance Oasis's output.<br />Wisely, the emphasis has been placed on the years from 1994 to the present. 'There's No Other Way' and She's So High' are the only pre-Parklife songs, and although they don't quite measure up to the other songs, they are catchy enough and are good to show how much the band has evolved, from cheeky Britpop satirists ('Parklife', 'Girls And Boys') to lo-fi wannabe's ('Beetlebum') to gospel-influenced folkies ('Tender') to pop auteurs ('Music Is My Radar').<br />The best songs are all there, and every one is great: the majestic 'The Universal' (perhaps their all-time best song); 13's highlight, the sublime 'Coffee And TV'; the gorgeous 'End Of A Century' and 'To The End'; the snarky 'Charmless Man'. And I might be in the minority, but I think 'Country House', despite the awful video, is a piece of pop genius. The only non-single, but band favourite 'This Is A Low' is wisely included, and don't forget about 'Song 2', Blur's Big Dumb Guitar Song (little do people know they used only bass guitars on the song!), their little joke that soared so far over the heads of the American public it is now a part of the North American sports arena vernacular.<br />Be sure to spend the extra couple dollars to get the bonus edition with the live cd...their Wembley Arena performance is excellent, and the disc includes 'M.O.R.' and'Stereotypes', two great songs that were sadly left out of the compilation.<br />Critics have been griping about the cd's track order, which is silly nitpicking. If you want to hear Blur's musical evolution in full, just reprogram your cd player and be quiet. Rarely will you find such a great overview of a band's career as this one; Blur's best-of shows they've always been one of the most inventive bands of the nineties, and as evidenced in the adventurous new track 'Music Is My Radar', the adventure is far from over. I'm looking forward to seeing where they go from here.
B000021XS0|5.0|I've been listening to this CD for over a year, and I am yet to put it away.  Music this well written and performed doesn't come along very often.  The Who's &quot;Tommy&quot;, Pink Floyd's &quot;The Wall&quot; and Queensryche's &quot;Operation Mindcrime&quot;, come to mind.  In the progressive heavy metal category, this is the best music that's ever been recorded.
0316777722|5.0|I want more!  This book was very funny, easy to read and sad to finish (only because I did not want it to end.)<br />The chapters are all thoughts on random events about Sedaris' life.  The topics are Seinfeld-ish.  They range from talking about a large poo left in the toliet to realizing that he sounds so bad speaking French he just stops talking.  <br />The stories get better as you move on so don't become discouraged if you don't like the beginning of the book.<br />I would not recommend this as a gift for a grandparent, an in-law or someone you don't know well as the subject matter may offend.   Also, if you're into amazingly well written colorful language, this book may not be for you.  His writing style is simple and colorful, but not in a descriptive way.<br />However, if you're looking for a quick read, a good laugh and an escape from your problems, give this book a try.
0790729628|5.0|If you're into sci-fi movies, then this is for you. You must have ADD not to enjoy this flick. If it takes two hours of blazing guns and foul language, then save yourself some loot. This movie requires an audience with more than 5 brain cells. It's a sci-fi drama with a good cast. <br />The special effects are still good, even though they're a little dated. I think a lot of movies suck now anyway, because all the time goes into effects and not the story. This movie is well rounded.<br />Ford plays a COP/Bounty Hunter (Bladerunner) who's job is to kill rouge androids. After a few questions and a few twists you wonder who the bad guys really are. In the end you'll  figure it out. Hint: During the movie, do the math on the escaped replicants (androids).
078323077X|1.0|The movie was entertaining and the acting was good at least by Bruce Willis.  The whole movie is about Willis building a remote control weapon for an assasination.  So why does he stand in between the gun and the target when he could be 5 miles away? This ruined the whole movie for me.  Maybe filmmakers should be more concerned with storyline than big actors and special effects to carry their film through.  A better example of a movie remake with a real story would be the Fugitive with Harrison Ford and Tommy Lee Jones.  Maybe the director should look at this film more closely.   Don't bother buying this film unless you like disappointing endings!
B00002EPJH|3.0|I'll be brief because there are so many reviews, mostly positive, that describe the contents in detail.  I expect this CD to be very popular because this is one of the few (if not the only) solo standard piano CD and because it is devoid of his usual whining which seems to distract many listeners.  Many are also attracted to the simplicity of this CD.<br />I have a different view.  One of my favorite pianists, I purchased virtually every one of his CDs and videos before his health started to interfere with his playing.  I even transcribed many of his solos.  This was my first purchase in many years, and I was saddened to discover how badly his playing had deteriorated.  In fact, his playing is one of his weakest in his career on this CD.  He never achieves the depth and intensity of his prior works and the simplicity of his playing is ineffective; rather than a profound, economical use of notes, it sounds amateurish, even childish.<br />Don't believe me?  Listening is a thousand words.  If you're interested in solo standard piano, I suggest that you buy Keith Jarrett's video, &quot;Solo Tribute: 100th Performance in Japan&quot;.  His playing is far superior to this CD.  And then compare.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I want to say that i think No Angels is a totally wicked album. i love every one of the songs on it, especially 'Here with me' the soundtrack to Roswell high, it is my favourite song in the World at the moment and i listen to it non stop. I would recommend this album to anyone who loves melow ballads whose words have real meaning. I could listen to this C.D. over and over for 5 million years. I also like bands such as Skunkanancy, coldplay and radio head, so if thats your thing then totally buy this album.
0790734311|4.0|It can be a little disconcerting, the sight of The Man With No Name tripping over pig s**t and falling clumsily off his horse.  But Eastwood is after more here than the heroic anonymity that that character afforded him.  No, his \\"last\\" Western (and I dare say this film proves that the genre is too flexible to be dead) deals with the nihilism of the old West, and the grey area between good and evil that the \\"new\\" kind of outlaw must deal with.  And how that outlaw is no longer a perfect, indestructible beast, but a man with tough choices to make.  Eastwood did a wonderful job putting all these issues up on screen.<br />Eastwood is a very interesting actor.  He really isn't technically proficient, and if he's given too much dialogue, he's liable to trample all over the reality of the moment.  But give him a chance to stare at you with those steely eyes, or answer a threat from an enemy with a simple \\"Yeah\\", and he'll knock you out of your boots.  He gives himself ample opportunities to work to those strengths here.<br />Gene Hackman, on the other hand, can put the fear of God in you with a twinkle of his eye.  I don't think this man has it in him to deliver a bad performance.  And here he gets to play the Gene Hackman role that defines all Gene Hackman roles.  His Little Bill is authoritative, fearless, feared, and especially charismatic.  Also good here are Morgan Freeman, although a tad underused in what amounts to a sidekick role, and Richard Harris as an English gunfighter whose legend may be purely mythical.  Unimpressive in the face of these acting giants is Jaimz Woolvett as the Schofield Kid.  I suppose his youthful bluster is expected, he being the new generation and all.  But his delivery felt a little too over-the-top, especially in a movie striving for realism. <br />I hesitate in praising this movie too much, for it didn't stick to its guns, so to speak.  I'm speaking of the ending, and I promise here not to reveal any spoilers.  Let's just say that if the object was to turn the Western on its head, then I don't believe that they chose the appropriate way to tie up the narrative.  That being said, what we have here is a highly suspenseful and rousing Western, albeit one where the good guys and the bad guys aren't so clearly delineated.
B00004XQP4|5.0|I am a huge Green Day fan and when I heard they had a new CD coming out I couldn't wait. I stared reading about it, and found that 'Warning' was suposed to be a slower album. After three years of waiting I was ready for something really rockin' But I still bought it even if it was just for the wicked first single 'Minority.' Right, it wasn't the usual Green Day, but it's awsome. All of the songs are great:<br />Warning: All of the lyrics are suposivly from bumper stickers -7/10<br />Blood, Sex and Booze: Great guitar work, and one of the best on the CD - 10/10 <br />Church On Sunday: Great lyrics and sound - 10/10<br />Fashion Victim: Another good rock song with great guitar work - 9/10<br />Castaway: One of the plainer tracks with some punk added - 7/10<br />Misery: Very weird. It sticks out from the rest and not your usual Green Day - 8/10<br />Deadbeat Holiday: Just a good song reminds me of 'Burnout' just a tad - 9/10<br />Hold On: A good deep song with acoustic added - 10/10 Jackass - Awsome punk rock! One of the best tracks - 10/10<br />Waiting - A slower deeper track,but with a lot of guitars - 9/10<br />Minority - Everyone's favorite. The best song on the CD! 10/10<br />Macy's Day Parade - A slow acoustic song that you can't help but like - 10/10<br />A must have!
B000002JS6|5.0|AC/DC don't care about experimenting, sensitivity, social issues or anything like that. No problem with that stuff but at times you justw atn to rock. And this is perfect for that You SHook Me ALl Night Long is a true classic, memorable and powerful. Given the Dog A Bone and the title cut show just how 'evil' these guys are. In truth it's just good rock, and I bet the same people love gangsta rap. If you don't know any AC/DC records and want to know what the fuss is about, get this. It ain't noise pollution, it's classic and powerful, heavy yet melodic.
B000031WD9|5.0|To make this short and sweet, one of the best teen movies since the Breakfast Club.  I've seen the Unrated and the Rated versions, theres not much between them really, and the excellent comedy does not change or slump.  A must for breaking the ice on teenhood.
B000002JS6|5.0|In the review, when I said 'I expect the same people love gangsta rap' I meant to 'the same people who complain about the reocrd's content'. Sorry.
0679879269|5.0|This book closes the His Dark Materials Trilogy with a bang! The action in the final battle of The Authority's forces is thrilling.  Some people state that the name of this book is misleeding, but the amber spyglass is just as instrumental to stop the evil as any of the other magical instruments in the series.  Mary Malone also has a great contribution, for if she didn't tell Will and Lyra stories of her life, they probably would never have fallen in love and stopped the flood of Dust leaving the world. Mary plays a subtle serpent, but a very effective serpent nonetheless.     Kudos to Pullman!!
B000002WYT|5.0|Forget what the press says. Listen for yourself. &quot;Crash&quot; is a moderm classic of free-form for a modern rock band. Crash is awesome. You'll get hooke, just like me.
6300183971|1.0|To be completely honest, i was absolutely unable to watch the film in its entirety. i almost turned it off after repeatedly hearing the ludicrous term &quot;orange spice gas.&quot; if the film was intended as a comedy, i applaud the director. i do have to give the film some credit though, i never imagined i would hear the terms &quot;orange spice&quot; and &quot;jihad&quot; in the same sentence.<br />avoid this film at all costs.
B00000IAU3|4.0|If you like stuff like &quot;Possession&quot; by Sarah Mac, you'll like this album. You might recognize her voice from &quot;Stan&quot; by Eminem, where they sampled her song &quot;Thank You&quot;, although it seems odd that she would get used for that song. This is not avant-garde music, but wonderful and emotional pop music from a great British singer. It has the slow ballads, but also some good energetic tunes that should eventually go #1. It's well produced without sounding too electronic, as well as being good &quot;day in the life&quot; poetry (and not sappy like Jewel, for example). She's very talented, and not just another pretty face. If you enjoy U2, Natalie Imbruglia, Poe, Sara Mac, Fiona Apple, or David Gray, you're probably in the right mind-set for Dido.
B000002NHN|5.0|Loreena McKinnitt has emerged with another fantastic addition to her canon of music.  I am quickly becoming engrossed w/her cultured and tasteful musical excursions.<br />One of the nice features of her CDs are the footnotes that detail the &quot;behind the scenes&quot; framework of her inspirations.  McKinnitt utilizes, among other things, the various personages, intimate experiences, extensive travel around the globe as well as her considerable erudition as the impetus for her craft.  Unlike most musicians (or pseudo-musicians, as the case may be) there is truly a profound story behind each &amp; every one of her songs.<br />McKinnitt introduces a fusion of diverse musical and styles into her art.  One may hear elements of the chorale, Gregorian Chant and folk songs (among other things) within her music.  All contribute to enrich her unique sound.  In &quot;Dante's Prayer&quot; one may even hear thematic (textual, not musical) overtones of Mozart's &quot;Requiem.&quot;<br />As with her other albums, I would highly recommend this CD to anyone looking for something non-mainstream and of elevated musical quality.  It works well for both those who can already pick up on her allusions, as well as those who have the desire to.  So go out and pick up this compact disk and let yourself in on a too-well-kept secret....
B0000508U6|5.0|I live in the wrong country.  Music is so important to me, yet I always seem to gravitate to sounds from across the ocean, toward England.  After 2 looks at &quot;Yellow&quot; on MTV, I took the plunge for PARACHUTES.  I haven't touched ground yet.<br />Of course it's a matter of taste, so there will be detractors.  But this disk didn't enter the British Pop Charts at #1 for nothing.  And like TRAVIS's &quot;The Man Who,&quot; Parachute quickly was nominated for a Mercury (English Grammy) as one of U.K.'s best albums (of all categories) for the year.<br />My son calls it depressing, but if you are into great lyrics and sultry melodies, then Coldplay is for you.  The music has a fresh appeal, not unlike Travis' latest, and with shades of some Radiohead from the past (nothing at all like Kid A).  But I also get a hint of Guster.<br />This is a wonderful disk, clean piano, nice acoustic guitar, some electric without being overbearing, and very well produced without being over orchestrated--over produced.<br />You can hear/understand the lyrics, you can sing along, you can self-reflect...you will self-reflect.<br />Highly recommended to those who like lyrical, melodic, beautiful, british rock/pop.
0767849493|5.0|I have yet to be disappointed by one of Kevin Smith's movies, and Dogma is no exception.  Witty and irreverent, this is one of the year's greatest flicks.  The characters are well-acted, the story is wonderful, and the timing of this cast is fantastic.  I highly recommend this one, unless you are easily put off by religious jokes......but a must-see for all Kevin Smith fans out there.  You will not be sorry!<br />And yes, God is a woman.  :)
B00004U9LT|5.0|Our nine children all grew up loving &quot;The Snowman&quot; by Raymond Briggs, first in the book without words and then, in 1982, the movie.  Now we are into the second generation of Snowman lovers; our three year old granddaughter has watched it many, many times over the past two years and I am purchasing one now for my four month old grandson so he can carry on the family tradition.  It is a beautiful, peaceful, loving story.
B000002J03|5.0|In this album, Robert Plant begins to really develop as a lyricist.  Also, their recording methods changed.  As Zeppelin was touring, they would pop in and out of recording studios, rather than going in and doing everything at once.  This 4 man band was so gifted, it could never be described in a low budget review like this.  Inspirations would come to them almost at will. Much of the work on this album was written piecemeal in the recording studio.  As was their first album, Led Zeppelin II was bludgeoned by critics, and yet was a huge success.  And deservedly so.  This created Zeppelin's bad relations with the press, which correspondingly hung a bad karma over the band that lasts to this day.  <br />Whole Lotta Love needs more explaining than the others due to it's complexity.  It isn't really about love, but lust.  This will not appeal to the conservative side, but the impact of this song on rock music is inescapable.  Lyrically, the song is about a guy who's girl goes away for schooling, marries someone, and the feelings in the guy associated with that tragedy.  There are no punches pulled musically or lyrically on the physical desire that this guy had for that woman. Musically, the song is essentially saying &quot;a new kind of music is being done here.  It is our invention, there is no name for it yet, get out of the way or you'll get run over by it's sheer force, and nobody can or ever will be able to do it like we can&quot;.  Beginning with one of the most memorable guitar riffs ever, the song simply blasts but is yet controlled, carried by a vocal track with a voice eard 'round the world.  Page's sound treatments, guitar and otherwise are never offensive to the ear.  That's the difference between Zeppelin (`hard rock') and `heavy metal'.<br />What Is And What Should Never Be is a song about a guy in that carefree stage of love, where he fantasizes about just taking his girl to a magical place, just the two of them, but reality doesn't permit it.  As always,the music compliments the lyrics perfectly.  Must be listened to, and in stereo.  One of Page's most important tools.<br />The  Lemon Song is a rearrangement of Howlin' Wolf's blues classic Killing Floor, with Robert Johnson's lemon lyrics thrown in for good measure, on which I do not care to comment.  Arguably their best song of alternating intensities.  In this song is some of Page's best guitar work, and one of the best bass tracks ever, ever recorded.  The music and sound treatments again fit the lyrics perfectly.  Page scaled back Bonham's drum volume a bit when mixing, because he played too hard.  But Bonham's rhythm is still a powerful excitement.<br />Thank You is a heart melting love ballad about a man thanking his woman for all of the things clearly discernable within the lyrics. If you're a disk jockey, please remember the song fades in again once it fades out.  No note of this song can be missed.  Gorgeous.<br />Heartbreaker is about a man who's had enough of being mistreated and not having his love returned by his woman.  He is hurt, frustrated and angry.  So you can imagine the song's intensity level.  Notable here in this absolute, positive classic is that we can't expect that Jimmy Page's guitar is always going to sound the same.  He's going to be playing around with that.  We all can relate with the feelings of the man in this song.  The power with which this masterpiece is played, helps one vent.<br />You don't play Heartbreaker without playing Living Loving Maid immediately after.  (they became one, basically because of how close together the songs are).  They go together similar to how Boston's Foreplay/Long Time do.  There could be a fine and possible imprisonment if caught not playing them together.  Lyrically, Living Loving Maid is simply a song about a groupie that was following Page around on tour.  Not really lyrically titillating, but it's a fun mid-intensity song to listen to and helps as a ladder to get you emotionally lowered back downfrom Heartbreaker's thrilling ride.<br />Ramble On is a truly inspiring song about someone's ability to brush off life's troubles with the opposite sex, seemingly without effort.  The feel you get from the lyrics, the manner in which they are sung, and the lilting music, is infectious. It's truly therapeutic.  It's helped me.  (Now they've given us medicine, and a great listening song).<br />Moby Dick is not about a whale.  But perhaps someone who plays the drums like one.  It is an instrumental song with a basic but catchy riff leading into and out of a drum solo.  Eventually a concert icon, the other band members would just leave the stage and leave Bonham to demonstrate his ability and development of what eventually became one of rock's finest drummers.  Listen to how fast his foot is on the bass drum.<br />Bring it on Home starts with a catchy bass riff.  Demonstrated on top of the bass track is Plant's uncanny ability to play black blues harmonica, and that harp-in-the-mouth black blues voice.  The song stops, becomes a rock song for awhile stops again and finishes as it starts.  The real treat tho, is the very end and beginning.<br />32 years after their formation I tip my hat to them.  But it would get oh, so  much better.  Simply put, if you are a Zeppelin fan, you must have this CD, or you may as well not have ears.
B000005HCQ|5.0|Over the years I have listened to a good deal of Art Blakey's recordings. The importance of most of them notwithstanding, I agree totally with the other reviewers that this is without a doubt his best work. The intensity and excitement generated here are nothing short of amazing, with Blakey's always charismatic drumming reaching new heights as he drives the incredibly tight ensemble of horns. The title cut is one of the most edifying and liberating pieces of jazz ever recorded.
0553573403|1.0|This seems to be a never ending story. After suffering through 807 pages told from NINE different perspectives, I think we deserve some resolution to the story and have some questions answered...but NOooo. You have to buy the second book, suffer through 969 pages told from 11 different perspectives and still end up with more questions than answers...and no ending.  If you can't tell a story in 1776 pages then you're not much of a writer in my opinion. I don't appreciate closing a &quot;book&quot; that doesn't have an ending. This is the epitome of flagrant commercialism: &quot;Let's keep the audience in suspense so we can sell more books.&quot;  Well, it's not going to work on me. The characters are unlikable, the manner the story is written is monotonous, and if I want to read about disloyalty, betrayal, and suffering--then I'll read the newspaper. (And, by the way, I don't CARE what every person in the room is wearing and eating in every scene.) Give it up George...the R.R.'s do not make you a good writer or your never ending story worth reading.
6305069611|3.0|This DVD was one of Fox/Lorber's earlier releases and it sure shows.  The film is washed out, colors are off and uncorrected, and it's just a cheapo disc all around.   Basic chapter-list and filmographies - impossible to read, by the way....and they even incorrectly spell director  Nicolas Roeg's name in his filmography two times!   But the funniest part is on the back of the DVD case it calls the film  &quot;the science fiction classic of the 80's&quot;....ummmmm, it came out in 1976 - hello?    Obviously a quick cheap release put together by people without a clue.   Hopefully this will get a better treatment on DVD in the future.
0553573403|1.0|This seems to be a never ending story. After suffering through 807 pages told from NINE different perspectives, I think we deserve some resolution to the story and have some questions answered...but NOooo. You have to buy the second book, suffer through 969 pages told from 11 different perspectives and still end up with more questions than answers...and no ending.  If you can't tell a story in 1776 pages then you're not much of a writer in my opinion. I don't appreciate closing a &quot;book&quot; that doesn't have an ending. This is the epitome of flagrant commercialism: &quot;Let's keep the audience in suspense so we can sell more books.&quot;  Well, it's not going to work on me. The characters are unlikable, the manner the story is written is monotonous, and if I want to read about disloyalty, betrayal, and suffering--then I'll read the newspaper. (And, by the way, I don't CARE what every person in the room is wearing and eating in every scene.) Give it up George...the R.R.'s do not make you a good writer or your never ending story worth reading.
B00004Z459|5.0|While many compare this band to Limp Bizkit, and Korn - let's get real here guys - these guys are actually singing about meaningful stuff - this isn't a Fred Durst that has the same words in all his songs or a Davis who goes I hate life every 5 seconds. The songs are very melodic, the dj is rather impressive, and the lyrics give the band a strong sense of credibility and musical talent. If you go back and look for their demo tape (when the band was called Hybrid Theory), you should listen to the song 'step up' - the &quot;rapper&quot; as we seem to be calling him here, sings about all these rap-rock bands that 'just get a dj for credibility. Basically, all these generic bands that have been popping up when &quot;rock and HIP HOP have been collaborating for years&quot; so no, linkin park is not another band hopping into the bandwagon - they are original, creative,  serious artists who have come to give the current rap-rock scene a good name so good bye nookie, and so long mr. f the world - here comes the new scene!!
0553579908|1.0|This seems to be a never ending story. After suffering through 807 pages told from NINE different perspectives in the first book, I think we deserve some resolution to the story and have some questions answered...but NOooo. You have to buy This book, suffer through 969 pages told from 11 different perspectives and still end up with more questions than answers...and no ending. If you can't tell a story in 1776 pages then you're not much of a writer in my opinion. I don't appreciate closing a &quot;book&quot; that doesn't have an ending. This is the epitome of flagrant commercialism: &quot;Let's keep the audience in suspense so we can sell more books.&quot; Well, it's not going to work on me. The characters are unlikable, the manner the story is written is monotonous, and if I want to read about disloyalty, betrayal, and suffering--then I'll read the newspaper. (And, by the way, I don't CARE what every person in the room is wearing and eating in every scene.) Give it up George...the R.R.'s do not make you a good writer or your never ending story worth reading.
6302969352|5.0|Akira Kurosawa's The Seven Samurai is, in my opinion, on of the top three films of all time. I believe that this movie is Kurosawa's greatest achievement. Akira Kurosawa is one of the, if not the greatest director of all time. Not aonly is a great director, but he produced, edited and wrote the screenplays to a number of his movies. He has influenced countless other film directors. Many of his movies are among the greatest of all time, including Rashomon, Yojimbo, and Ran, but I think that Seven Samurai tops them all. The movie has everything a great movie should have. First of all, the story is simple, but brilliant. The plot of this movie has directly influenced many movies, including The Magnificent Seven and the recnt Disney movie A Bug's Life. The acting is also brilliant. Toshiro Mifune is the standout, but Takashi Shimura and Ko Kimura are also great. In fact, all of the samurai and the villagers are impressive. If you're an action fan, the battle sequences in this movie are stunning. If you are a romance fan, there is even an aspect of romance here. If you are uneasy about seeing an almost four hour Japanese movie, don't worry. It is immensely entertaining and the subtitles are easy to follow. You could probably follow the story without the subtitles. The Seven Samurai is and always will be one of the greatest movies of all time. Check this one out and Kurosawa's other movies as well.
B00003CXDG|5.0|This movie is the sequel to Mission: Impossible. This movie is ultimatly amazing. The action in this movie makes up for some parts where M:I-1 is better. <br />M:I-2 has a lot of action that engrosses you in the movie for all 2 hours. First, you see Ethan Hunt(Tom Cruise) as he climbs a mountain. With all of the special effects from this part of the movie onward, you will find it is amazing to see how people can do these things with technology.<br />A must buy for any DVD seeker!
B00003CXDG|5.0|This movie is the sequel to Mission: Impossible. This movie is ultimatly amazing. The action in this movie makes up for some parts where M:I-1 is better. <br />M:I-2 has a lot of action that engrosses you in the movie for all 2 hours. First, you see Ethan Hunt(Tom Cruise) as he climbs a mountain. With all of the special effects from this part of the movie onward, you will find it is amazing to see how people can do these things with technology.<br />A must buy for any DVD seeker!
6304143184|5.0|One of my favorite movies ever for several reasons. The great f/x and fabulous storyline. A perfect family movie that is hard to not like. The e.t. is not scary or threatening but a good innocent little creature that is hunted down like a dog. A great cast,effects,and story with humor and sadness at times makes this a classic that is a 5-star without dispute.
0783243499|5.0|As the other reviews have stated, this movie is a fine satire of consumerism and the greed of this growing yuppie culture.  But it is also more than that.  It is an existential view of human nature, of the emptiness and uselessness of life, of being totally, utterly, alone.  Bateman's character, who we are led to believe is a psychopath trying to convince himself that he is just insane, and therefore not responsible for the terror he creates, is trying desperately to connect with another human being.  He has an idea that if he cuts them up and plays with their insides, and keeps their body, that he will find something more than the superficial outside.  He is unable to show his inside, albeit one created by an empty society, unless he is with someone whom he about to either kill or sexually abuse.  That is when he starts with his views on music, his one connection with anything more than material.  But even his views sound very processed, and, though full of insight, lack any true emotional connection to anything.  Bateman points out that he has only two recognizable emotions: greed and disgust.  All other emotions he turns into emptiness.  Early on, his fiance asks him why he must continue to do what he does.  He answers &quot;because I want to fit in&quot;.  That is all he wants; he wants to be part of humanity, and connect with others.  However, as he kills, he becomes farther and farther away from anything human.  The brilliant ending completely twists the storyline.  I won't say what happens, so as not to ruin it, but I will say that he gives a cry for help that is not heard, and he realizes that he is just a lost soul with no hope of redemption.  At this point it becomes apparent that he is in fact insane, but not in the way that he believed--he appears to be schizophrenic, very distant from reality.  As he drifts away his pain becomes more and more acute.  That is the most disturbing aspect of this movie, more so than any violence or sex.  The comfort we cantake is that he is truly insane, and for most people there is a way out: his emptiness, as I mentioned, is not purely that.  He does have many emotions, he just does not see them.  He needs to examine himself, then he may achieve the salvation he cannot find in others.  However, before I realized that, I found the movie awfully disturbing, as it suggested that we are all lost souls, with absolutely no hope of ever touching anything real.  Do not watch this movie unless you are a)planning to not pay attention, or b)prepared to accept the true meaninglessness of life.
0783243499|5.0|As the other reviews have stated, this movie is a fine satire of consumerism and the greed of this growing yuppie culture.  But it is also more than that.  It is an existential view of human nature, of the emptiness and uselessness of life, of being totally, utterly, alone.  Bateman's character, who we are led to believe is a psychopath trying to convince himself that he is just insane, and therefore not responsible for the terror he creates, is trying desperately to connect with another human being.  He has an idea that if he cuts them up and plays with their insides, and keeps their body, that he will find something more than the superficial outside.  He is unable to show his inside, albeit one created by an empty society, unless he is with someone whom he about to either kill or sexually abuse.  That is when he starts with his views on music, his one connection with anything more than material.  But even his views sound very processed, and, though full of insight, lack any true emotional connection to anything.  Bateman points out that he has only two recognizable emotions: greed and disgust.  All other emotions he turns into emptiness.  Early on, his fiance asks him why he must continue to do what he does.  He answers &quot;because I want to fit in&quot;.  That is all he wants; he wants to be part of humanity, and connect with others.  However, as he kills, he becomes farther and farther away from anything human.  The brilliant ending completely twists the storyline.  I won't say what happens, so as not to ruin it, but I will say that he gives a cry for help that is not heard, and he realizes that he is just a lost soul with no hope of redemption.  At this point it becomes apparent that he is in fact insane, but not in the way that he believed--he appears to be schizophrenic, very distant from reality.  As he drifts away his pain becomes more and more acute.  That is the most disturbing aspect of this movie, more so than any violence or sex.  The comfort we cantake is that he is truly insane, and for most people there is a way out: his emptiness, as I mentioned, is not purely that.  He does have many emotions, he just does not see them.  He needs to examine himself, then he may achieve the salvation he cannot find in others.  However, before I realized that, I found the movie awfully disturbing, as it suggested that we are all lost souls, with absolutely no hope of ever touching anything real.  Do not watch this movie unless you are a)planning to not pay attention, or b)prepared to accept the true meaninglessness of life.
B000053VAF|2.0|When I saw Clerks, I thought here was a talented young voice that will come into his own, and after a stumble (Mallrats) he provided a flawed, but intreaguing movie (Chasing Amy). I looked forward to seeing his next movie, I kept an open mind when all the reviews came in. But after seeing this movie I have to say it is self-serving, pretentious, and badly written. I know this will undoubtebly enrage the many hordes of Kevin Smith fanboys, who worship his every fart joke and Star Wars reference. When I saw this movie, I felt I was watching a piece of comic book fan fantasy, ill concieved, and arrogantly at that. Of course people are going to get offended by this movie. not because it's &quot;blasphemy&quot; (which by the way I am SURE Kevin Smith knew he would offend some people), but because of the horrible script. The actors wander around in a daze, as if They know how ill-concieved this project was, but wanted the cache of having their name attached to this &quot;hip&quot; director.  I know Kevin Smith will produce a masterpiece, this just isn't it.
B00000I4XR|5.0|Some of us felt a little less embarrassed when Janet Leigh recently admitted that she has only taken baths since viewing herself in the infamous &quot;Psycho&quot; shower scene some forty years ago.  &quot;Jaws&quot; has a similar affect!  Indeed, many a viewer (including myself) vowed never to swim in the ocean again!  The first time I deviated from this bold proclamation, an undetected, but very long, sharp piece of driftwood hammered my left ankle on the first wave that rolled in!  Twenty-five years later, this classic among classics retains its thrilling charm and status as a true (among other things) nail biter!  Funny now to know that the technical crew was often so frustrated because the mechanical shark worked only intermitently.  The DVD is over-rated but NOT the movie.  Oddly enough with &quot;Jaws&quot;, the FULL screen version seems to provide more of a sense of really being there!
B000002AT6|5.0|I have recently become enamoured with the work of James Horner.  Although the &quot;Glory&quot; soundtrack to me stands as his masterpiece, &quot;Legends of the Fall&quot; is not far behind.  The opening theme with its piano recurs throughout the CD, and the other cuts not only force recall of the film's scenes, but also stand alone to those who have not seen the movie.  Buy this, buy this, buy this for someone you love...
0385484518|5.0|I feel proud to read this book because it  has a wonderful  story in it. I think the class mate will  happy to enjoy to read this book also. I believe able if anyone read the  Morrie he or she will be strong and has a more experience.
B000001ESF|5.0|This CD should be bought simply for its title track.  The rest of the tracks are, well, ehh.  But, 2112 is vintage Rush.  People associate Rush alot as those guys with the weird beats and set in a sci-fi background.<br />Well, this doesn't disappoint.  2112 is divided into movements, each of which detailing a new idea explored by a person representing ourselves, lost in the machine that alot of us relate to as our daily lives.  Well, that's what I got out of it.  There is so much here, though, that each of yu must decide what it means to yourselves.  The story is about our realizing there is something wrong, and how we can change it.<br />The music here is fantastic.  The jams, the smooth transistions in time and pitch, and everything that has made Rush a standout for decades is presented here.  Please get this CD.
B00000BKE1|4.0|Why do people constantly slam every album that Maiden released in the nineties?  Honestly, if so many people decided to desert Maiden ten years ago, why bother jumping back on the bandwagon?  This hardly touches this brilliance of their earlier material, but that does not make it the fiasco many people call it.  This album has more good songs than bad, and even the bad ones (mostly) are well-intentioned, though a couple are just plain awful.  So rather than babbling about how horrible this is, realize that maybe a band that declines doesn't die instantly.
B00004STPT|4.0|Zimmer and Gerrard did a great job making a song for Gladiator,some music are strong and make you wanted to think that your the gladiator standing at the middle of the colussume.All and all this is a fabulous soundtrack,also buy the movie too.END
B000005J56|5.0|Words cannot express how I felt when I first listened to this album.  It was an impulse buy, based on a recommendation of a friend of mine; I saw it at the counter in a Barnes and Noble, and threw it on top of my books.  A casual selection turned out to be my favorite purchase from that particular shopping trip.  One can hear the joy felt by the musicians as they play.  I don't think I truly understood the meaning of the word &quot;transported&quot; until I heard this CD.  Put it on, put your feet up, and close your eyes...and you will understand too.  Stunning.
B00003A9QI|4.0|rachel portman's best work to date. very maturely orchestrated and arranged. tracks 11 and 13 are the best; they stray from the main themes and provide a beautiful glacial crescendo of strings that is really going to take your breath away. a very pleasant CD that makes for nice background music, perhaps for reading.
B0000017CA|4.0|The quality of production and song writing on this album is phenominal to say the very least. Ocean like waves of overwhelming distortion, mind devouring buzz inducing hypnotic vocals and at times hellish, unleashed screams to dense and heavy thrash metal. Vocals are OUTSTANDING, the singer goes from sounding similar to Jim Morrison, no joke, to perhaps Dan from Zao style raspy shrieks. The pattern of tracks seems to go heavy, soft, heavy etc.. with every other song being a thrash core headbanger or a slowed down stoner daze.<br /><br />The only thing I have issue with on this album are the somewhat inconsistant and politically questionable lyrics. Basically they are all for, in their own words \\"drop some acid, kill your parents, rape the mother, kill the father...\\" typical drug fueled serial killer stuff. But they get all teary eyed when the topic of abortion gets brought up, as seen in the song 'Screams of the Butterfly'... Ok... One particular line goes, \\"I can smell abortion on you, I take the gun out of my mouth and point it at you..\\", So I guess raping, killing, torturing and doing drugs are all ok, but god forbid a woman makes a choice about her own body?
B000001GAO|5.0|This is the true Bernstein, very serious and well thought throughout the work.  He gives us enough time to think about the people that we are trying to memorize in a solemn environment.  However, if you just want to keep delightful memories, try Marriner/Academy of St. Martin in the Fields and Karajan/Wiener Philharmoniker.
0062502182|3.0|I was not looking forward to reading this book. I wasn't ready to have a stranger barge into my head and tell me not to let anything get in my way of my dream. But I decided to read it anyway and see how Coelho planned on brainwashing his readers. As I began, I figured it would be about someone accomplishing his/her dream, but I wasn't prepared for the hidden messages inside. Once I began reading I got deep in thought with Coelho and started visualizing my dream. And whether or not that's what I wanted to do with my life. As much as I tried to keep this from happening, but his quotes began invading my head and it provoked thought. Especially the one where he stated; &quot;It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting.&quot;  This actually made me stop and think whether I want my dream to actually come true. Because it kind of frightens me to think that IF my dream comes true, where do I go from there? But if my dream doesn't come true, what have I been working for my whole life? I've been working for nothing. While I read the book I didn't really pay attention to the plot and what Santiago was doing, but rather I was relating the messages with my life.   I wouldn't recommend this book to someone who is looking for a good fireplace story. But to someone who likes to be provoked in thought. One who wouldn't mind sitting down analyzing life and it's failures. As wells as it's failure it's accomplishments. And whether their \\" Personal Legend\\" is what they want to accomplish in life. To set things straight, this book did not put me on a whole new track of my life. I still see the cup as half empty. But what it did was it made me ponder and question life and it's true meaning. I can't imagine this book changing one's life but at the same time I wouldn't be surprised. This book would be a good reader for high school students. That's the time when teenagers are faced with day to day decisions that could rearrange their whole lives for better,or for worse. And if they were to read this, maybe it could help them identify their purpose in life. This book would also be suitable for any adult as well. But not for someone who doesn't like to face reality and doesn't wanted to be disturbed in their fantasy life.  Coelho's writing was too unrealistic. That's why I found it appealing to me. I know that no king will ever appear and show me the path. Or no alchemist will guide me to my treasure. That's why I enjoyed replacing Santiago as me, but with a different treasure in mind. It was interesting to see how love and listening to your heart was incorporated. But the most important factor in this story was the way it provoked thought. What are my omens in life? What is my \\" Maktub\\"? Does it really matter what I do or is it already written? Reading this book won't give you these answer but it will question the ones you already have and it might intimidate you in the sense to change them. Like I said before, my cup is still have empty, but after I decide \\" Personal Legend\\" the cup will loose what it has due to the impossible obstacles I will face. Then it will rise due to the \\"omens\\" I receive. And then it will either crack and destroy my \\" Personal Legend\\" or it will overflow once I discover my \\"treasure\\".
B00004UEI7|5.0|This cd is packed with timeless music. Rollins' performance on this classic from 1957 not only solidified him as one of the greatest tenors of his generation, but, along with all of the other material from his illustrious fifty plus year career, has stood the test of time to make him one of the all-time greatest musicians regardless of style. Backed by a duo of legends in bassist Ray Brown and drummer Shelly Manne, Rollins cooks from beginning to end. He is in prime form, still a relativly unknown tenor when this album came out, he plays like a man ahead of his years. Sonny's tone is hard, percussive, rasping, and even playful, a full spectrum of colors and moods. What makes this a truly great album is that every single note Rollins plays is a highlight. His soloing stands up to repeated listening and rewards the effort with something new each time through. Manne and Brown contribute fantastic performances of their own, matching Rollins by producing phenominal solos of their own. This version offers remastered sound, new packaging, a higher price tag, and reshuffled track order from the previous OJC cd. Usually alternate takes offer limited interest to all but those starved for every note from their favorite artists. On this date, however, Rollins, Manne, and Brown are so brimming with ideas, the longer alternates offer the listener just that much more of a good thing. This is one of those albums that needs to be in every jazz collection, even the cover photo is a classic. Buy this cd if you do not already own it, you will not be dissapointed.
B000002MT0|5.0|The first time I had actually listened to this CD, I was blown away!!  Sexy, vibrant, and ultra cool.  A must have for anyone who is not afraid to explore his/her sexuality and just be.  The title track &quot;COME&quot; is superbly erotic, whilst &quot;Letitgo&quot; just makes U want 2 groove.  Real music, real talent, real HOT!!
B000000YIQ|5.0|This cd is packed with timeless music. Rollins' performance on this classic from 1957 not only solidified him as one of the greatest tenors of his generation, but, along with all of the other material from his illustrious fifty plus year career, has stood the test of time to make him one of the all-time greatest musicians regardless of style. Backed by a duo of legends in bassist Ray Brown and drummer Shelly Manne, Rollins cooks from beginning to end. He is in prime form, still a relativly unknown tenor when this album came out, he plays like a man ahead of his years. Sonny's tone is hard, percussive, rasping, and even playful, a full spectrum of colors and moods. What makes this a truly great album is that every single note Rollins plays is a highlight. His soloing stands up to repeated listening and rewards the effort with something new each time through. Manne and Brown contribute fantastic performances of their own, matching Rollins by producing phenominal solos of their own. Even the usually aggravating practice of  sticking alternate takes behind the originals hardly makes a difference. Rollins, Manne, and Brown are so brimming with ideas, the longer alternates offer the listener just that much more of a good thing. This is one of those albums that needs to be in every jazz collection, even the cover photo is a classic. Buy this cd if you do not already own it, you will not be dissapointed.
B000002L7J|5.0|I never thought I'd be using the word classic to describe this album--only because when it came out it was so visceral and immediate. Johnny Marr's guitar work is shimmering, and Morrisey's singing and lyrics fit in perfectly. &quot;How Soon Is Now&quot; soared like nothing else at the time and is undoubtedly the best known song (sampled by the band Soho in the early nineties and used in a commercial now), it's actually best heard in its original context. Surrounded as it is on this album by Morrissey's fascinating Anglo-weirdness, the song is truly remarkable. The other songs are good if a bit more straightforward. &quot;I Want the One I Can't Have&quot; is one of those catchy songs you just can't forget. Super-intelligent stuff, especially when compared to the Britpop of the last decade. My favorite of all the Smiths' albums.
B00003CXE7|5.0|GLADIOTOR is an excellent motion picture.  I truely beleive that a movie like this is why they build movie theatres, a true credit to today's movies.  I experienced &quot;GLADIOTOR&quot; at a THX CERTIFIED Multi-channel DOLBY DIGITAL Theatre, the perfect place to view a film of such scale.  &quot;GLADIOTOR&quot; is the story of Loyalty, Betrayal, Deceit, broken love, and the demons that haunt a young man as he go's thru life having no choice but to murder innocent people, at the command of his master.  Russel Crowe is very convinceing in the title role, and the supporting cast adds to the overall effect as well.  The film is an omage to the films of the late fifties and early sixties, such as SPARTACUS and BEN HUR.  Only this time, a bit more realistic, and with state of the art picture and sound.  However, the pagendry and scope still prevails, alowing moviegoers of all generations to appreciate a work of art.  The Cinematography is excellent, never have I seen the city of Rome photographed so well.  Set designs are again flawless, buetiful.  It is difficult to turn away from Ridley Scott's latest epic,who, by the way, hasn't fallen victim to the ravidges of the modern movie, which use sex and violence to lure their audience in.  Instead, GLADIOTOR tells a story, one of pure excitment and majesty.  The dvd sounds superb, filling the entire sound field, the music score masterly recorded and combined.  Special effects mind blowing, well balanced wolfer and surrounds.  Over all, GLADIOTOR is a film worth purchasing, and I wouldn't be suprised if it garners Oscar nominations.  Deep where the patriot was shallow, concerned about the story more than its own revinue.  Let this film be a lesson to Roland Emerich. Drive a movie with your mind, not with your wallet.  HIGHLY RECCOMMENDED!
B00003CXE7|5.0|I am not much for movies and I had never seen one by DVD until Gladiator. I'm not sure if the breathtaking way the film was shot or the superb quality of the DVD audio and clarity, swayed my opinion of this film, but I certainly enjoyed taking it all in. The mixtures of fiction and fact were well done. I was surprised to learn Oliver Reed (the slave owner) had died during production. This was truly an epic.
0385484518|5.0|I'm not suppose to retell the book but share my feeling about. This book doesn't change my life, the most of the Morrie's ideas I felt inside myself but I couldn't express its in the words. &quot;Tuesdays with Morrie&quot; helped me in it. Especially I like the Morrie's aphorisms  - brief and clear expression reflected his ideas. One of them: &quot;We are not waves, we are part of the ocean&quot; touched me so deep that even inspired me to create a short poem (see beneath). Because it's really so true. It helps us to make &quot;peace with living&quot; inside us, to accept the idea that everything that is born will die sometime and it's natural. And we will not disappear, we continue to live in another forms and still be the &quot;part of the ocean&quot;.<br /> I never stop believing and breathing,  I never stop loving.  I will be a drop in the blue sea.  I will diffuse in the sky.  And there will be a sunrise in May  And maybe sea's sands.  Or maybe I will rise to the sky  As a merry summer breeze.  I will be sailing ship and sail,  I will be a tree and some leaves.  And never disappear forever,  I will transform myself in Love.
630018403X|5.0|&quot;The Breakfast Club&quot; is one of the best films about High School ever.  John Hughes was (at the time) at his prime when he filmed this classic '80s flick. He cast those characters very well. With Anthony Michael Hall as the &quot;Brain&quot;, Emilo Estevez as the &quot;Athlete&quot;, Ally Sheedy as a &quot;basket case&quot;, Molly Ringwald as a &quot;princess&quot;, and Judd Nelson as &quot;criminal&quot;.  I'm 18 now (born in 1982) and I still to this day never get sick of this movie. If they had the movie awards for MTV at that time in 1985, The film would win a dozen popcorns. The dreaded Paul Gleason plays a disaplian teacher who serves them a speical 8 hour long Saturday detention. The best character of this movie is John Bender (Judd Nelson), a working class school bully who (in beginning of the film) harasses everybody in the film including himself. He also has the best lines in the movie like, &quot;Does Barry Manalow know you raid his wardrobe?&quot;, &quot;I wanted to be just like you, All I need is labotmys and tights!&quot;, etc. Not only the best '80s flick ever, but one of the best movies ever on my list. &quot;The Breakfast Club&quot; does not dissapoint, mis-fire, overuse, and be cheap.  It was great when it first came in out in 1985 and it's still great now in 2000. If you haven't seen this classic teen gem, buy this video, You'll never regret.<br />Note: Rumors been spreading that they'll remake  &quot;TBC&quot;  To John Hughes: Don't, just re-release the movie in five years for a 20th anniversary re-release. That'll at least gross $100 million dollars.
0385484518|5.0|I'm not suppose to retell the book but share my feeling about. This book doesn't change my life.  Most of Morrie's ideas I felt inside myself but I couldn't express them in the words. &quot;Tuesdays with Morrie&quot; helped me express it. Especially I like  Morrie's aphorisms  - brief and clear expressions reflected his ideas. One of them: &quot;We are not waves, we are part of the ocean&quot; touched me so deep that even it inspired me to create a short poem (see beneath). Because it's really so true. It helps us to make &quot;peace with living&quot; inside us, to accept the idea that everything that is born will die sometime and it's natural. And we will not disappear, we continue to live in other forms and still be the &quot;part of the ocean&quot;.<br /> I never stop believing and breathing,  I never stop loving.  I will be a drop in the blue sea.  I will diffuse in the sky.  And there will be a sunrise in May  And maybe sea's sands.  Or maybe I will rise to the sky  As a merry summer breeze.  I will be sailing ship and sail,  I will be a tree and some leaves.  And never disappear forever,  I will transform myself in Love.
0783228570|5.0|Together with Michael Corleone, this role is probably Pacino's best.  The movie is greatly directed and acted.  Michel Pfeiffer playes her role very well, and of course Al Pacino is convincing as ever.  I spent the whole weekend watching Pacino movies, first Godfather, then Scarface, Heat and Devil's Advocate...the man is a genius in his field.  Great movie for a Pacino fan, and a great movie period!
0380730405|5.0|This book is a wonderful piece of literature, but it's NOT a romance novel. Du Maurier never intended it to be read is such.  The main characters are married, but the story does not focus on their courtship or their relationship, rather I would say on the individuals they are.  I believe that the narrator's journey from naive, innocent, childhood to aware, mature, adulthood is very important.  The fact that she remains nameless throughout the story, or is referred to as Mrs. De Winter, shows how easily she initially gives up her own identity to please others: her employer, her husband, even her own staff.  It is only towards the end that she begins to assert herself.  This book would probably be better classified as a psychological thriller, since it deals both with the mystery surrounding the death of Rebecca (the 1st Mrs. De Winter) and her continuing impact on those she left behind.  Beautifully written.
B00001NFCY|5.0|This is an incredible CD.  It is rare to find a CD on which you like every single song, and I am not alone on this.  Creed's &quot;Arms Wide Open&quot; track made number 1 on &quot;Rick D's weakly top forty&quot; several weeks in a row.  But the thing is every song is this good.  I belive that if you really listen to this CD at least once or twice you'll be hooked on it.
B00004TRD8|5.0|If you've seen it before, you haven't seen it all.  Especially if you haven't watched the Ultimate Edition.  This DVD is jam-packed with added scenes, the making of T2, behind the scenes footage, special effects development, and tons of other fun and interesting to watch stuff.  This movie is on my top 10 list just for the great story and eye stunning special effects.  James Cameron definately knows hows to make a movie.  And with talent like Arnold Schwarzenegger, Edward Furlong, and Linda Hamilton, you can't go wrong with buying this edition.  Any collector and movie lover MUST have this one.
0688062334|4.0|_Howl's Moving Castle_ is a whimsical and funny fantasy about the adventures of Sophie, a girl who is transformed into an old woman by the wicked Witch of the Waste.  She goes to the magical moving castle of Howl, a wizard rumored to eat the hearts of young girls, to be a cleaning woman.  There is much misunderstanding, tantrum-throwing, seven league traveling, and wizardry; Howl and Sophie are endearing protagonists, and Calcifer the fire demon is my favorite sulky supporting character.
B00004Z4WR|4.0|In this remake, Nicolas Cage and many other stars including: Giovanni Ribisi, Angelina Jolie, Delroy Lindo, Robert Duvall, and Will Patton take to the roads to steal as many cars as they can.  This is an action packed comedy that revolves around the two main characters, Randall &quot;Memphis&quot; Raines (Cage) and his brother Kip Raines (Ribisi).  The main story is that Kip botches a rather large &quot;boost&quot; of car he was supposed to steal.  His employer is not so happy and threatens to kill him.  This is where Randall comes in to bail his brother out.  But he gets sucked into a delima and has to steal the cars himself.  From that point on the movie roars into non-stop action and bits of enticing comedy.  I couldn't get enough of  it.  If you love action, comedy, and nice cars.  Then grab a copy of this film and take the ride.
0553213105|5.0|_Pride and Prejudice_ is the story of Elizabeth Bennett, one of my favorite heroines(I think that every strong heroine since must be based on her in some way), and Mr. Darcy, one of my favorite heroes(I've been in love with him since I first read the book).  There are misunderstandings and scandals and very irksome supporting characters that you just want to strangle, but it's a wonderful book that I highly recommend.
0385484518|5.0|This book is wonderful.  It has a lot of emotional meanings. I cannot describe how sensitive this book made me and I am learning to FORGIVE, TO ACCEPT the things that are happening, TO TRUST and TO GIVE OUT LOVE others and myself. It is hard for us to do all these things but Morrie teaches us that all theses insignificant things are more important in our lives than the material comforts and we need them to relate with others and for having a better life.<br /> Mitch found Morrie to guide him to make him feels that the power, money, big house, etc. did not give him what he really needed.  And that is what we have to learn to do.<br /> Morrie said:  &quot;POWER AND MONEY ARE NOT SUBSTITUTE FOR TENDERNESS&quot;, do not fall in the same mistake.
B00003CX8J|3.0|The film is not without it's merits. Hugh Jenkman is intense though I could not help thinking that Australia now has the new export -  glowering actors with hair-framed faces, the wounded guys ready to burst out in rage. Doesn't he remind you of Russell Crowe's gladiator? <br />I was happy to see Ray Park's face for the first time - without Darth Maul's warpaint and The Horseman's headlessness. His Toad is a funny, quirky  creature. Delicious Rebecca Romjin-Stamos having her revenge on the world for having to wear that weird makeup. <br />The scene when the guns hang in the air aiming at their masters' foreheads is also very impressive and looks fresh. <br />BUT!<br />A few things just do not make sense. Wolverine catches up with the Rogue (who, by the way, does not look or act like rogue) in the train, they decide to give it another try and go back to the school -  then the wheels turn and they just sit, letting the train take them where the girl planned to go, as far from the mutant academy as possible. <br />And that's not the only lapse of reason in the movie.<br />What's more important is the production design. It seems that Bryan Singer could not decide what kind of comics-based movie he intends to make. The opening Holocaust scene made me feel I am watching the modern fairy tale of the new kind, something serious, and the cartoon evil echoes the terror of the human history. <br />But nearly an hour passes and I see that tragic and bitter survivor dressed like a county fair magician. All the laughable clichés in superhero's attire resurface.  His \\"mind-impulse-proof\\" headgear looks exactly like a boxer's helmet, hastily acquired in the nearest sports equipment shop. And if that thing can block the rival's impulses how come Magneto's brainwaves stream out unhindered? <br />In Batman movies the Gotham City is very stylized and the characters' outfits does not look out of place. In Blade the city and the interiors are very modern and hi-tech - so even the vampires are dressed as a club-going crowd. And that does not make them look less menacing.  <br />When we see provincial America and the very unromantic places like Northern Alberta, the appearance of leather-clad cloaked clowns looks weird. The scenes are not stylized or not stylized enough.  Magneto and his cohorts marching down the railway station stairs is the perfect picture of the freak parade. <br />The accents are unbalanced. We have the realistically shot reminder of the WW II genocide at the movie's start and at the end - the ultimate comic-book messing with the Statue of Liberty. Is that the testimony of the unease Bryan Singer felt as a \\"serious\\" director venturing into the territory of the purely commercial cinema? <br />Of course any addition to the superhero cinematography is guaranteed a well-funded promotional campaign, an impressive official site and the merchandise that usually brings a large percentage of the film's profit. And the film has to be a total flop to leave the viewers with a definite feeling of disappointment. Even the deeply flawed movies ride a hypewave to the public appreciation.<br />X-men is far from being a flop, but the promise of the opening scenes is left unfulfilled. The stylish and modern entertainment degenerates into the All-American World Saving Blast'Em To Hell.
B00003CX8J|3.0|The X men is a widely popular serial comic that has been around for years.  This film brings the comic to life on the big screen with the story of how the four X men, mutants with special physical powers, are brought together to help mankind under the kindly guidance of Professor X.  They do this against the backdrop of reactionary America, which does not understand their mutations and fears their powers.  Faced off against the X men is the Brotherhood of Mutants, lead by Magneto who wants to make humans an extinct link in the evolutionary chain.<br />Although I am not a big comic series fan, I watched this film with a group of die hard X men fans.  Each of them badly wanted this film to be fantastic and were a little disappointed.  Although I'll bet they would have rated it higher than a two, it certainly wouldn't have been a five for any of them.  If you are not a fan of the series, the X men movie has some interesting special effects and does not require knowledge of the comic books to understand the plot.<br />However, because the movie had to play to both fans and non fans, I believe some of the depth in the characters were lost.  The shallow treatment of all the characters other than Wolverine, coupled with very weak performances from Halle Berry (Storm), served to blunt the intensity necessary for any action movie.  Fortunately, the on screen chemistry between Hugh Jackman (Wolverine) and Famke Janssen (Dr. Gray) helped interject some humor into the film and Jackman's performance through out the film is strong.<br />Out of all the villans that have graced the pages of the X men, I wish that they had chosen more interesting ones than Toad and Sabertooth.  Sabertooth is just a WCW wrestling character without any particularly impressive powers and the Toad character was a tad silly.  Mystique was the only truly interesting bad guy (bad person?) and has one of the best special effects scenes in the movie as she transforms in mid kick.  Finally, Ian McKellan doesa great job as an arch villain, so why dress him up in a silly looking cap?<br />There were some interesting special effects in this show but I think that bad directing also blunted some of their impact.  The pace of the film is slightly off and never develops a really real adrenaline rush that it could have inspired.  The fight scenes are particularly weak, I wish that they had spent more time teaching the actors how to fight and then found more exciting ways to show the fights - they should have been realistic (ala Matrix) versus the WWF wrestling (aka fake) style used in the film. <br />The DVD extras are terrible.  Besides a few rather interesting easter eggs, the deleted scenes add nothing to the movie (unless you want to hear Halle Berry with the worst fake accent since Kevin Costner tried to be english in Robin Hood).  The mutant watch special is just an extended commerical for a film you have already seen.<br />Finally, the DVD sound quality is ok but the picture quality is not great.  In a couple of places, the DVD pauses longer than it should and in one or two places, there is visible image distortion that it not an intentional special effect.<br />Overall, this movie was ok but given the material it should have been fantastic.
B000050XEI|5.0|Enya takes her time for releasing a new CD and it is usually worth waiting. This time is not an exception. This compilation brings us a variety of rythms that invites us to close our eyes to transport us to another quiet dimension. Experience listening this CD while driving in rush hour and forget road rage. I assure you will arrive home with a smile in your face, leaving all problems away. Another five star for Enya.
B00004XPOZ|5.0|When the Special Edition VHS came through before Episode I was in theatres, I wasn't careful with my choice and ended up with a full-screen set.  I'm thrilled to see widescreen (the only way to watch anything) and special edition together.  Of course, all of us with the DVD players are anxious for that format, but in the mean time, it's good to have another -- very affordable -- VHS set to watch to death!
0316777722|5.0|The title of this book had me thinking &quot;What could this be?&quot;  Having missed Naked and Sedaris' NPR stints, I had no idea what was in store for me.  What a treat this book was - many times, I laughed so hard that tears came streaming down my face.  &quot;Can't Kill the Rooster&quot;, and &quot;Jesus Shaves&quot; were the two chapters that had me gasping for air.  Sedaris' wit is genius - and this sick, wonderful look at life through the eyes of one bizarre guy is near perfect.  Only problem was - it was so deliciously funny that I read it way too fast.<br />Reminded me just a little of Bridget Jones.  If you have an open mind and a slightly warped sense of humor, get this one. Just don't read it on a train!
0385484518|5.0|If you are reading this, you might read this book, &quot;Tuesdays with Morrie&quot; by Mitch Albom already, or if not, I bet you are going to love it, because it is very clear and great to read. And you can not stop reading it after you start reading it. I don't want to talk about the story because other people already told you. But I want to introduce you my favorite aphorism of Morrie's; &quot; The culture we have doesn't make us feel good.&quot; I've been suffering a lot with the culture. Why don't we make our own culture? Let's do it!
0525945636|5.0|This book was so action-filled and suspenseful that I finished it over the week-end, pausing only to watch the Florida election court cases. The author grabs the reader from the beginning ,when the protagonist wakes up without his memory in the men's room of Union Station in Washington, D.C., and doesn't let go until the satisfying ending, several hundred pages later. I began reading, was immediately hooked, and went along for the ride! There was always something going on in the book, and never a dull moment, or page, in it. The plot comes together nicely at the end, with a completely plausible conclusion, which I think is important in a work of this type. This is a great page-turner, and will keep any reader happily occupied during the time it will take him or her to rush through it at the author's hectic pace.
0385484518|5.0|I read the book almost with my tears. The very simple sentence and warm words could touch my heart strongly. I can't take some words to describe the emotion. The book led you into thinking about your own life. How he faced with a difficult life, How he enjoyed with people, how he devoted himself to others , how  he forgave something and  how he  instead love for people. This is very good book for our culture. We should read and thinking and thinking.  Because we should do something that have the meaning in alive to creating the life worthy.
B000001G5H|5.0|I have listened to Cortot, Ashkenazy (earlier version), Berezovsky, Pollini and Zayas effortlessly (with the exception of Cortot) reel off these pieces. Pollini's recording was the first one I bought and at the time, I thought they were unsurpassable. He gripped each piece by the scruff of the neck with his steely fingers and gave no-nonsense awe-inspiringly commanding interpretations of these pieces. My view that his recordings was without equal remained even after listening to Cortot (who plays whatever notes he chooses), Berezovsky (focuses more on the lyrical aspect) and Ashkenazy (what's all the fuss about). But, having heard IPQ's opinion that Zayas was No.1 in these pieces I bought her version. And indeed the pianophillics are surely right. Right from the 1st track, she brings an extra dimension to these pieces, a belief further enhanced on repeated listenings. Pollini fans will not be disappointed. But if you want the best of the best, then Zayas is your man (woman).
0425129586|4.0|This Agatha Christie book &quot;And Then There Were None&quot; was an amazing murder  mystery.This murder mystery is about ten strangers from all over the world  that receive these letters from someone named U.N.Owen. Then they came to the  island where they had been told to go. After the first day the people start  to die one by one. So they start to think that it is one of them among the  people that were left. In the end every single person dies.I greatly enjoyed  the fact that whenever I thought that I knew who the murderer was, he or she  would die and be expelled from my choices. Agatha Christie kept me on the  edge of my feet with her odd and exciting plot and the thrill that I got when  I found out who the murderer was. I greatly enjoyed this book and I recommend  it to all people that enjoy a great murder mystery and superior writing.  You  should really read this book and see for yourself who ! the killer is. This  book kept me in suspence and never wanted to put the book down. If you do  decide to read this book have a great time.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Britney's second album is her best album yet. Unlike BOMT, which had a couple of sappy songs, OIDIA is more upbeat and edgy. For those of you cynics who think she can't sing: have you ever seen MMC (if you were young enough in the mid 90's) or episodes of &quot;Before They Were Rock Stars&quot; on VH1? I wish you can see them and think twice before writing ugly things about Britney. Also, I think that even if Madonna or Janet may not have diva-like voices like Whitney, Mariah, or Christina, you never say anything about their voices. Come on, Britney is STILL a teenager. She doesn't have to sing 1000 octaves high , please. This album has a lot of variety. There are pop type of songs as OIDIA, Stronger, Lucky, What U See (Is What U Get; songs with an R&amp;B type of sound: Don't Go Knockin' On My Door, Satisfaction; and ballads: Dear Diary, Where Are You Now (you have to hear Britney's high note in this song). Even though Britney only wrote one song (which is &quot;Dear Diary&quot;), she may do a lot more songwriting in the near future. To all the Britney fans, if any of you really liked BOMT, then you will love OIDIA.
B000002UZ1|5.0|I am only a teenager. I did not grow up with the Beatles. However, their music spans generations and I love it. Sure, some of the lyrics may not mean as much to me as it did to people in the sixties, but the songs are just good. Music can be good based either on the lyrics, or the overall musical quality. With the Beatles, even if you cannot appreciate the lyrics, you can still appreciate the music. You can enjoy &quot;Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds&quot; without knowing that it was written about LSD. You can enjoy &quot;Hey Jude&quot; (one of my favorite songs of all time) without knowing that it was written for Julian Lennon. That is the beauty of their music. The tunes are catchy (at least most of them), and that's all that matters. Everyone knows the songs, and has a different reason for liking them, and that's the way it should be. The music can be interpreted in various different ways, and appreciated for many reasons. So, buy this CD, and discover why you appreciate the songs. I did, and I WASN'T disappointed.
6305627401|1.0|Swear,Swear,Swear Alls It Does Is Swears. THAT MAKES IT FUNNY?
0783226063|4.0|This is a slightly different cut than seen on TV.  It has 3 scenes not shown on the cuts shown on TV and leaves out 2-3 scenes that the TV adapted version has.  It is not the complete movie yet is a nice compliment for someone with a tape of the of the other cut. <br />The widescreen effect is excellant and thus much better.
6302540437|5.0|I used to watch this movie all the time when I was little and love it.  It has remained one of my favorite movies through out my life and always well be. It is a very powerful true story, the acting is excellent and it has a lot of emotion.  It is a film that I recommend highly.  A very beautiful story that will cause to fall in love with Elsa, the lioness.  Definitely a film to see.
0440224764|5.0|I'm not a big John Grisham fan but I must admit, if I'm seeking something to read and am having trouble, I will wander over to the Grisham section.  This book, in my opinion, was spellbinding from beginning to end.  Then the end completely took me by surprise.  Usually, I can see the endings coming but not this time.  I've read about 10 of Mister Grisham's novels but this one really took me by surprise over and over again.
B000002HJD|4.0|Please pay no attention to Rob O'Conner's editorial review.  An American Prayer is an excellent compilation of Morrison's poetry.  After listening, you never know, you might have to purchase a book.  It's how I became a fan of what Morrison wanted to be remebered for...his poetry.
B00003CX97|5.0|Only thing that can descirbe this film is: genius.  It is definetly one of the best films ever made and always will be.  This limited edition dvd has great sound and picture.  It's a 2 disc set, most of the 2nd disc unfortunately is pretty useless.  It has certain propaganda type &quot;Making of&quot; stuff on it, that is not even very intresting, beyond a study of hollywood at the time.  There isn't any deleted scenes or anything, it seems like they just through whatever they had in the archives onto the disc.  Otherwise, it's great.
B00000AFFF|5.0|Call it uncanny timing.  The first time I heard this music was 2:00 in the morning shortly after my mother died.  Bacharch and Costello were being featured on a cable (PBS or Bravo style) station in a dimly lit intimate concert.  They reflected on how the album emerged. Bachrach played; Costello sang. Call it mid-night fatigue but I couldn't turn away. The conversation about their work together, the album and its emergence was genuinely interesting.<br />The songs are both alluring and lulling.  Sometimes, they are painfully poignant, beautiful and wistful . I thought it was the context in which I first heard the songs, but having heard them over and over again, I do not believe so.  There are lines and lyrics that pull you in because they have that &quot;left-alone with my mistakes&quot; kind of quality. There are also moments of wit (Toledo). The arrangements are muted elegance.  And Costello's voice meets the sad soft plaintive quality of much of the music and its messages. I have heard it in a dark sad night,and I have heard it on sunny days when everything went right. It's still talking to me.
B00004Y7SF|4.0|Having loved Christina's debut CD, I was anxious to hear her Christmas release... and for the most part, I wasn't disappointed.  Original tunes &quot;Christmas Time&quot; and &quot;This Year&quot; are infectious, and both versions of &quot;The Christmas Song&quot; are favorites of mine as well.<br />I give this CD four stars for a couple of reasons:  First, &quot;Oh Holy Night&quot; and &quot;Angels We Have Heard on High&quot; are too glitzed-up at the end for me.  While Christina is a great singer, she does overvocalize on a few of the tracks - the high notes and constant vocalizing become annoying at times.  I also question the inclusion of &quot;These Are the Special Times&quot; and &quot;XTina's Xmas&quot; - the former is a beautiful ballad but has nothing to do with Christmas, while the latter, while cleverly titled, is nothing more than a musical interlude between the aforementioned versions of &quot;The Christmas Song.&quot;<br />Still, I find myself playing this CD quite often, and I do enjoy it.  &quot;My Kind of Christmas&quot; is one of the better holiday releases of 2000.
B00004X01U|1.0|Just what the world of &quot;Music&quot; should have NEVER had to deal with all those years--a brash, insincere woman who can't keep her clothes on at all and who exploits herself just to get to #1. She sounds like she should be recording duets with Sarah Brightman, another silly little fool.
B000001F5A|5.0|I'm not overly familiar with Vangelis other work, beyond my passing cultural awareness of his Chariots of Fire theme, but I do enjoy this album quite a bit.  Although its use (and reliance upon) glaringly 80's technology is distracting, the -music- behind the instrumentation is moving and astounding, and wonderful companion to the drama of the film.
B0000508U6|4.0|Parachutes is a good album. It doesn't match the class of Oasis, Matchbox 20 or Richard Ashcroft and the Verve but it is a solid debut and shows that they are an up and coming band. 'Don't Panic', 'Spies' and 'Yellow' are the main highlights from this CD. 'Yellow' for is romantic, flowing lyrics, 'Spies' for it's superb melodic music and 'Don't Panic' for the chorus alone. Other standout tracks include 'Shiver', 'Trouble', 'High Speed' and 'Everythings not lost'. Which covers most of the album. 'Sparks' is good at best, a little to slow perhaps. 'We never change' is a bit mournful, but then so is the rest.<br />The only real letdown of this album is the content. Ten tracks (which includes the 46seconds long 'Parachutes') are the minimum amount for a CD. A few more up-tempo tracks and this is an all time classic. One of the best CD's of the year.
0780631684|3.0|I'm a big Morgan and Wong fan from their days on the X-Files and their work on Millenium.  So, I have to admit that when I heard about this film--co-written by this team, I was eager to check it out.  <br />And while I enjoyed the film, for the most part, I can't say it's up to their usual standard fare that they regularily offered on X-Files.  The premise is interesting enough--a group of young teens cheat death and death decides to ensure they don't escape again.  The movie has the problem of feeling a bit schitzophrenic--one moment it's dark and scary, the next moment it's a bit too light.  I can only imagine that there were some studio suits who felt Morgan and Wong's usual trick of having dark, off-beat humor might not translate well and decided to go with the campy humor we get here. And that ruins the movie in a lot of places.  Morgan and Wong aren't allowed to go far enough into the dark side and really tap the potential that's there.  Indeed, they fail to do what they usually do--creep you out in ways you never expect.  <br />One of the interesting things is that on the DVD is the documentary about the testing of the film as well as the original ending and alternate scenes.  I will admit one thing that really bugged me about the movie was the ending.  However, in seeing that original creator's ending, I'm not sure they had the best idea for how to end the movie either.  Either way, given the ability to compare and contrast the two visions is a nice touch and a good way to make use of what DVD can bring to the table in terms of extra features for the viewer.  <br />The young cast is uniformly solid with a few exceptions.  Josh Kerr never really makes his character anything more than a one-note character but otherwise, the rest is good.  If you're an X-Files nut, there are appearances by actors that have been featured on X-Files and Millenium.
B000002J09|5.0|A pillar,a monument,a statement or however it affects a listener,this old warhorse of a classic still holds on to the reins of time despite the endless adulation &amp; occassional criticisms.This is one rich recording,too rich in fact,with timeless,bearing hooks &amp; fine musicianship that either move the listener into one of the greatest musical listens or weary him with it's weight.One need not describe the recording in detail,only to suggest that one listen to it &amp; have his life changed like I did all those years ago.
0446677450|4.0|This is an excellent book concentrating on some of the basic principles underlying successful personal financial management. Using a flowing story-telling style, the author illustrates the concepts in a context easy to understand and relate to. Yes, here and there he takes a while to make his point, but once made, the priciples illustrated presents a waterproof way of thinking that is sure to be of enourmous financial benefit to all readers of this book.
0060254920|1.0|I cannot believe this book is a best seller.  Max, the protagonist, is a wild, rude, annoying, little snot-nosed monster.  The last thing I want is for my child to model her behavior after him!  My daughter received this as a gift and it is now in the trash because I could not bring myself to give it away to another child.
B00003CX8I|4.0|X-Men fans: You can stop shaking in your capes--this is one comic-book adaptation that gets it right. Movie audiences meet the X-Men when Wolverine (Jackman) and Rogue (Paquin)--societal outcasts with mutant powers--fall into a group of peace-loving superhumans who are battling people's prejudice and are at odds with a band of sneaky, equally mutated evils.<br />But it's The Usual Suspects director Bryan Singer who's the real superhero here, introducing 10 different characters (most of which are interesting) and slyly maneuvering the saga's overwhelming amount of backstory without the movie becoming one massive comic-book lesson. Big blow-'em-up scenes are traded for story and character development--the reason fans have been drawn to the X-Men series for years--which opens up more possible sequels than Wolverine has lives. Let this X-cellent franchise begin...
0783113943|5.0|Angelina Jolie has been one of my favorite actresses for years, and her performance as Gia only srtengthened that feeling.  She plays someone so needy and confused about herself and life that you want to reach into the screen and hold her gently in your arms.  She screws up anything she touches, and yet you don't feel unsympathetic toward her at all.  Excellent performance!!
0811826848|5.0|Even now it's tempting to think of the Beatles as a cultural force so powerful they not only transformed popular music but impacted everything from fashion to politics. But as John, Paul, George and Ringo tell it in this long-awaited group recollection, their view was decidedly different. &quot;It was crazy,&quot; says George Harrison, describing the height of Beatlemania. &quot;Not within the band. In the band we were normal. The rest of the world was crazy.&quot;<br />That unique perspective -- along with more than 1,000 snapshots, handwritten notes and business letters -- gives this epic volume its considerable charm. Even Beatle experts will enjoy the fresh anecdotes uncovered in interviews with the three surviving band members. (Lennon's contribution is cobbled together from various interviews.) However, their alternating recollections don't always get to the emotional heart of their experience -- which only makes Lennon's demise the more poignant.<br />For while the interviews he gave prior to his 1980 death are refreshingly frank, we're left wondering how the most unvarnished of the Beatles would have seen it so many years later.<br />A magical history tour for devotees and naivaetes alike.
0345404475|4.0|<br />After the third World War ended, millions of humans lay dead, entire species of animals became extinct, and the earth was covered with a thick radioactive dust.  The dust was so harmful it eradicated species such as owls and toads.  Many other species became extremely rare.  An animal seen in the wild was unheard of, but people still were able to keep certain types of animals alive by caring for them as their pets.  To own a real live animal was a great status symbol, something that people took great pride in.  However not all could afford real animals, so companies produced artificial ones. <br /> The dust also had an adverse effect on humans; it worn down their physical appearance and even corrupted their brains.  Many humans elected to leave earth and set up colonies on Mars.  One company that produced artificial animals decided it would be profitable to manufacture artificial humans. These androids were sent to the colonies to work, but some aspired to be more than a mere slave.  They would escape to earth where they hoped top have a life. <br /> Androids could be detected only by administering tests.  The humans on earth, realized the havoc these androids could cause, made it illegal for them to be on earth.  Bounty hunters were employed to ¡°retire¡± these androids taking refuge on the earth.  Rick Deckard, a bounty hunter, struggled with his career and his humanity.  This led him to consider whether the androids just existed or were alive.  Deckard had to choose whether to retire six fugitive androids and possibly face his own demise, or quit his job. <br /> This book brings up topics that we may have to address in the future, such as world war, extinction of animals, and artificial beings.  The author attempts to make the reader come to his/her own conclusion on whether any of the electric beings are actually alive.  Some of the language used is quite confusing, and some details are lost due to this.  However one could still comprehend the issues presented.  The story had a descent rhythm and does not drag anywhere.  One thing that could have explained more thoroughly was the world war.  The background information about the war is minimal to say the least. Dick could have developed the history behind the war in order to answer questions one might have.  The ending leaves some lose ends, but overall it is quite a good read.
B000050HTO|3.0|I think i probably own every dylan album,'cept maybe the jesus stuff.I was equivocal about buying this one since I have everything...somewhere.I already knew all the words etc etc....but what is impressive about this put together is the impact that all these songs have when they are all in one place...'blowing in the wind' wasnt really written by a person was it,i thought it was a folk song.thats the depth to which dylans tunes have permeated our brains.When you hear them all at once its pretty overpowering and thats the strength of this collection..you sit back again and agree that it must be hard to be a songwriter in this generation.....
0767853636|5.0|A great family classic, this version of Annie only improves when compared with Disney's recent lackluster remake of the same name. Albert Finney's Daddy Warbucks is a classic archetype of big business affected by inevitable conscience, and Carol Burnette's comic genius is amply displayed in her portrayal of Miss Hannigan as a boozing witch with an eventual heart of gold. The music is phenomenal and the choreography makes me long for the lost genre of musicals. If you (or your children) haven't seen this movie yet, don't wait a minute longer -- click that mouse and bring this great movie into your collection!
1577311523|5.0|I've read this book twice and also saw the author live a few weeks ago in San Francisco.  He battled for many years with severe depression, and looked for answers to his life through higher learning before having a complete change of life and finding inner peace and joy through living in the present moment.  He encourages the reader to let go of the ego and brain &quot;noise&quot; and be in the now, which is how he says he lives.  Most all of the &quot;problems&quot; we have in life don't directly effect us in the moment, yet we are controlled and tortured by them he says.  Tolle also makes the case for healing past pain and suffering through simply being fully here now.  Making these changes in our materialistic, image possessed, ego driven society is a challenge indeed, but he would say it's our only way out.  This is truly life changing stuff.
0425170349|3.0|Information overload fills the pages of this novel that never really seems to get on track. When it clicks, there are some enjoyable moments, but those moments are spread out.
B00004ZD69|3.0|While I was hoping for another great effort from GYBE!, this just isn't it.  The material is spread too thin, and the work is, in general, inconsistent.  After picking up f#a# infinity symbol a while back, I was looking forward to hearing some new material from the band.  Sure, the album is good, maybe even very good, but it's not the masterpiece for those looking for something to praise as the album of the year.  Comparisons to Radiohead are poorly founded... the bands don't sound anything alike, and gladly so.  Both bands are making unique, quality music.  That said, this album could have used a bit more work, and some consolidating.  If you're looking for something to praise as the album of the year, and aren't interested in the Kid A bandwagon, which still tops my list, try Sigur Ros' new work, Agaetis Byrjun...  Sigur Ros' music, while occasionally similar to GBYE!, is more beautiful, and at times, more lonely.
0156528207|5.0|This book is a *classic*!  Although it's a children's book, anyone can read this and relate to it.  Children will enjoy it for the simple message it hints at the beginning, which is that adults don't understand anything! =)  And adults will enjoy the book because they can look back and think about their childhood memories.  Not to mention the illustrations are great - especially the &quot;hat&quot;! =)  Get the book - you will not be disappointed.
B000002UCN|1.0|Who is this George Harrison?  I bought this CD because a friend told me it was full of &quot;retro&quot;- sounding contemporary &quot;hip&quot; alternative tunes that would help me understand what kind of stuff my kids are into.  Instead, I get this odd stuff that sounds older even than me.  And my kids just laugh when I try to relate to them in &quot;Dark Horse&quot; lingo.  Why are they laughing at me???  If you want to but a CD that your kids are listening to so that you do not feel like a &quot;stick in the mud&quot; when driving them to and from school, by all means do NOT but this one.  It sounds like it was recorded in the '70's!
0345350472|5.0|<br />Phillip K. Dick's novel Blade Runner: (Do Androids Dream of Electronic Sheep)explores many issues dealing with how humans treat androids.  On one hand the humans treat the android animals like real animals, but they treat the human androids like machines.  The humans do not feel it is bad to kill androids, unless they are animal androids. The only difference between humans and the androids is the fact that humans feel empathy.  The androids do have some emotions, intelligence, and artificial memories that keep them from realizing that they're androids.   <br />Dick explores the issue of what makes humans human? Is it the body, the mind, or some combination of both?  The androids possess an exterior exactly the same as humans, and organs that are the same; the only difference is in the feeling of empathy, which, is arguable.  There are some things that the androids do which might lead one to believe that they do feel empathy.  In any instance, Dick argues that maybe the humans are the inhumane ones.  <br />Blade Runner the book is much better than the classic movie.  It not only lets the reader become more involved in the thought process of Deckard (the main character), but it also has other issues that were not even covered in the movie, such as how everyone in this society owns are wants to own an animal.  They go so far as to own android animals in an effort to make it look like they own an animal.   <br />This is a must read for any fan of the movie, fan of science fiction, or anyone with a sociological background. This book is definitely an A+ for Phillip K. Dick.
0385484518|5.0|Reading good books is one of the greatest pleasure in life. It increases our contentment when we're cheerful, and lessen our trouble when we're sad   Whatever may be our main purpose in reading our contact with good books should always give us enjoyment and satisfaction. One of the best valuable gifts offered by book is &quot;Tuesdays With Morrie&quot;. In the book We visited a great man Morrie. His philosophy and aphorism are instructive and inspiring me. It also provided a variety  of intellectual nourishment for us. It will be influence my whole life. Reading a good book makes a full man, It means that anyone who wants to be a full man must read the book &quot;Tuesdays With Morrie&quot;.
0451160916|5.0|After seeing the movie, I was fascinated and went on a quest for the novel The Shining by Stephan King. Not only was the novel better than the film, but it gave me a better understanding of the characters and in my opinion, gives the reader spine-chilling feelings about the Overlook Hotel, and the eerie things that go on there. Jack Torrance is an ex-school teacher and a former drunk. He lost his job when he attacked a student, and quit drinking after a terrible accident with his son. One night, after he had been drinking excessively, Jack jerked his son's arm and broke it.  After that episode, Jack felt so guilty that he vowed he would never have another sip of alcohol. Then Jack is offered a job to be a winter caretaker at The Overlook Hotel in the Colorado Mountains. He figures that he will have the peace and tranquillity to write in such a secluded place and that writing will give him a chance to get back on his feet and make some money. So Jack hauls his family, his wife Wendy and his son Danny, up to the isolated hotel.  It all seems like such a perfect plan for the whole family.  But Jack's son, Danny, has bad feelings about the hotel. The manager did tell Jack about how the last caretaker went insane and sliced up his family, but Jack is not worried because he feels he is very sane. Danny, Jack's son, is a clairvoyant child who can see things before they happen, know what people are feeling and thinking, and can look into the past.  He doesn't really understand how or why he can do this but his \\"imaginary friend\\" Tony shows him. When Tony wants Danny to see something, he knocks Danny unconscious and Danny has a dream or vision about it.  Danny has extremely disturbing visions about the Overlook.  His power is what the Overlook's chef calls \\"the shining\\", and only certain people have it, but they are only \\"pictures in a book\\". From Jack's insanity, to all the freaky things that occur, this story will give the reader chills. It is definitely recommended to allreaders who are in for a scare and can handle it. REDRUM!
6304106017|5.0|This is NOT a movie for people who are looking for an intricate plot or finely-detailed, sensitive characters. This is strictly action fare, lots of blood and near-cartoon-like violence, with quite a few twists and turns along the way. Like &quot;Psycho,&quot; it starts out as a crime movie, waits for you to get comfortable with that plot, then BAM--it changes into a horror movie.<br />That's not to say that the characters are two-dimensional or badly acted: most of the actors manage to flesh out their characters quite well (and Quentin Tarantino serves up a guy you do NOT want to ever meet). If you like George Clooney, you'll probably like him here as a bad/good guy with very few morals but a lot of style. Harvey Keitel and Juliette Lewis also turn in good performances, and Salma Hayek is deliciously deadly in her small but pivotal role.
0385484518|5.0|I had the opportunity to read this marvelous book and I could learn a lot about special things of life we usually don't pay attention to.<br />We just live once and we should learn how to do it with dignity and helping others if we have the opportunity.<br />Morrie Schwartz was a wise man, the coach, who during 14 Tuesdays shared his experiences about living with one of his students, Mitch Albom, the player.<br />Mitch used to live with deadlines and never embraced the possibility of dying.<br />I suggest everybody to read &quot;Tuesdays with Morrie&quot;  I am truly convinced it will change your life.
B00004W5UA|5.0|I don't think I can begin to describe how great this movie is.  It is nothing like I expected, and I was totally blown away.  It serves as a wonderful commentary on our commercialistic society, and is visually stunning.  5 stars are not enough!
0385484518|5.0|Life's Greatest lesson<br />November 27,2000<br />Mercy from Brooklyn<br />Tuesdays with Morrie was a wonderful true story and a great lesson for our life. Mitch wrote this book to share with the world and to help Morrie to pay the bills. Also I met Mitch in a bookstore last week. It was fantastic.
1573301183|5.0|If you have a DVD player and you like rock music, I recommend this DVD.  If you have a Dolby Digital 5.1 system, go buy it right now!  Regardless of where your musical interests lie, you'll enjoy this disc.  My mom, who would normally despise the music of a band like AIC, actually digged this concert!  I was visiting home one day and popped it in the player.  The second she heard it, she was hooked!  Even my dad, who is a classically trained violinist and usually pretty skeptical about any form of pop or modern rock music, enjoyed it.  And, of course, if you're already an Alice in Chains fan, it's a no brainer.  It's not a flawless performance (Layne may be slightly out of tune or Jerry might hit a wrong note every once in a while), but believe me - you won't be disappointed.
6305558167|5.0|I'm sure I have seen this film at least a dozen times.  I sat down with my newly acquired DVD of it, never expecting what a thrill it would offer. The Kurosawa-like visuals and the thrilling and dramatic music of Wagner and Carl Orff came to life like I hadn't seen them in years.  This all-time film classic of love and chivalry, betrayal and redemption simply must be experienced on DVD if you want to watch it at home.  I just had to get up, wipe away the tears, and write this review after viewing it.
B00000JGEI|5.0|I've Seen This The First Day It Was In Theaters 7-03-91 It Was Really Awesome.Then I Bought It On Video And Watched It Every Day 'cause I Love It Then I Started Collectiing T-2 Figures And Playing &quot;T-2&quot; With Them.The Best Part In This One Is All The Effects and Stunts.
0790729725|5.0|I recently saw the movie &quot;Goodfellas&quot; and thought that the acting in it was good and the narration also.Joe Pesci played a ruthless but, yet funny gangstar.Robert Deniro was also good I recommend this to anyone.<br />One of Robert Deniro's BEST!!A+++++<br />Austin
6301208773|5.0|After Rambo, Die Hard Became Famous In The 80s And Made Willis' A Star, Before Die Hard Willis' Was The Wise-guy On Moonlighting In Die Hard, Willis' Plays A Cop Named John McClane In L.A To See His Wife In A Skyscraper After A Visit, Terrorists Hold Peopole In The Buliding And Willis' Tries To Stop Them From People Gettin' Hurt. The Best Stunt In This Movie Is When Willis Jumps Off The Building. This Movie Also Stars Reggie Veljohnson,{Family Matters, Die Hard 2}Willim Atherton {Bio-Dome, Ghostbusters} And More!
0767830520|5.0|&quot;Notes from the underground&quot;-it's the title of a Dostoyevsky book. Actually it's one of his best. If you've read it you could maybe appreciate more the Scorsese movie.  &quot;God's lonely man&quot;-that's Travis Bickle,the Vietnam veteran who spends his life driving a cab through the seedy streets of New York. He observes without taking any part. He despises the pimps, the prostitutes and the junkies. He welcomes the rain that will sweep the city clean of its filth. He haunts the streets as he begins a mesmerizing descent into his own personal hell. He's drawn to two women in particular: there's Betsey, the unattainable blonde campaign worker for a president wannabe, and there's Iris, a child whore who is in the thrall of a brutal pimp. At a certain point of the movie he sets out to win over these two women and at the same time atone for his own sins in an orgy of violence. His original plan to kill the candidate is foiled by the Secret Service, so he decides to descend into the squalor to redeem himself by rescuing Iris.  Like every kind of underdog Travis takes out his anger on the guy below him rather than the guy above him. He contemplates his arsenal before beginning his rampage. He is wearing faded combat fatigues and has designed a complicated holster contraption that would allow him to draw and fire much faster. He is surveying his handywork in a full-length mirror. &quot;You talking to me&quot; - he says as he spins and draws on a non existent opponent, savouring this moment. It's the picture of a man on the brink of the abyss! A truly wonderful moment of genuine movie magic!  Travis Bickle is a man who is in emotional pain throughout the movie. The pain and torment that Bobby De Niro endures on screen as Travis goes far beyond simply acting. To give that feeling of rejection, the feeling of really being angry, the fear of not being able of making relationships survive, to understand the pain and play it so convincingly he would have had to endure at least some of it. Undisputably one of the best performances in the cinema history!ure at least some of it. Undisputably one of the best performances in the cinema history!
6301768809|5.0|I Think This Is The Best Of All Rambo Movies, I Love This Movie But I Was 16 In 1983 When I Seen It And Bought The Laserdisc This Movie Has Great Stunts.
0887306667|1.0|Overview of the Book<br />I have to admit that I had high expectations for The 22 Immutable Laws of Marketing.  As a Marketing major undergraduate, as well as a Marketing Manager in my professional life, I've read many marketing strategy books.  My overall impression of the book was that it was written with the sole purpose of selling a lot of copies. The authors have managed to cram 22 laws into a 132 page book.  This allows for only six pages per law, but actually five pages if you include the title pages with artwork.  In addition, the font size is very large, making this a quick read.  <br />If the point of the book was for a \\"quick read,\\" the authors accomplished their objective.  However, the substance of the book is extremely weak.  Throughout the book, the authors do not cite any research or facts to back up their claims.  The entire content is based on anecdotal examples, falsely portrayed as examples of companies either following the \\"laws\\" or breaking the \\"laws\\".  In most cases, success or failure is not the cause of one event, law, or other factor.  Success is derived from a number of factors.  The authors incorrectly assert that their \\"laws\\" are the cause for the \\"effect\\" that resulted. Their logic is, \\"Because company A does this, it proves that our \\"law\\" is the correct strategy.  This logic fails to consider other factors that led to the result being discussed. The authors cite \\"22 Immutable Laws\\" in their book.  Using the \\"law\\" terminology implies that these are ideas that are not to be questioned and that these \\"laws\\" will apply to all marketing situations.  <br />It would be easy to write a book based on well-documented business failures by creating laws that would highlight all of the mistakes, after the fact.  However, I would call this \\"Monday morning quarterbacking\\".  For every example they use to support a law, there are numerous examples that prove their \\"laws\\" wrong.  The most compelling reason that my assertions are correct is the fact thatthey used their laws in the book to predict future failures.<br />An interesting aspect of the book is that it was written in 1994.  The authors make many predictions in the book, including the probable demise of Chrysler, the unlikely future success of Microsoft, and the failures of Donald Trump.  The last time I checked, Chrysler was introducing the broadest selection of new car models, including the Viper, the Prowler, and the PT Cruiser.  Microsoft has become the world's most dominant software company.  Some would even argue that Microsoft has become the world's most dominant company, period.  Also, Donald Trump has completely turned himself around and is a major player once again in the world of business.  <br />As it turns out, it would be an understatement to say that their predictions did not materialize.  If a new edition of this book came out today, I'm sure that these two authors would probably find current examples to continue to support their faulty logic.
B00000JGEH|3.0|I Love The Terminator And When I Went To See It In Nov '84 I thought It would be cool and it was cool The Best Part In This Movie Is When The Terminator Killed The Police Guys In The Police Department.I'd Give It An &quot;A&quot;!
B000009O1U|5.0|'El Cid' is the IDEAL film for any fan of great tales of Knighthood, the Age of Chivalry, and great tales of adventure! Directed by Anthony Mann with reverence to the best elements of the genre, shot on location in Spain, the mammoth production stars perfectly-cast Charlton Heston as Rodrigo D&iacute;az de Vivar, a warrior held in such respect by both friend and foe, that he is nicknamed 'El Cid' (The Man). Sophia Loren is luminous as his ladylove, Jimena (one might quibble that she NEVER ages through the film, but Loren is so radiant in the role, who cares?) The battle scenes are epically staged, the color photography is rich and tapestry-like, the sets and costumes capture the feel of medieval Spain, Mikl&oacute;s R&oacute;zsa's score is sweeping, wildly romantic, and, in its organ finale, triumphant; EVERY element in this film WORKS, and is a labor of love!<br />The screenplay, by Philip Yordan, Fredric M. Frank, and Ben Barzman, uses Vivar as the definition of Chivalry; noble, with lofty ideals, he opens the film by defending the Crucifix in a small Spanish town, defeating a band of Moors, then showing them mercy, which earns their respect, and gains the blessing of the Church (the symbolism of 'El Cid' and the Cross is clearly juxtaposed; he is truly sent as an answer to Spain's prayers!)<br />He and the beautiful Lady Jimena, daughter of the King's Champion, are to be wed, but when Vivar is forced to face him in a duel, killing him, as the elder attempts to defeat him by treachery, Jimena is sworn to avenge her father's death!<br />Inheriting by default the title of Champion, Vivar is immediately thrust into a spectacular combat against a rebelling city's Champion, fought with an array of medieval weaponry; this scene is the first of many highpoints of the film, and is incredible! The hard-fought victory 'vindicates' Vivar's new title, and Christendom and Spain has its true Champion against the Moor!<br />The film has all the classic elements; heroism and betrayal, pure love and jealous hatred, divine purpose and petty manipulations. Above all of this towers 'El Cid', whose lofty ideals are never compromised, whose only dream is to serve a united Spain. Nothing, not even death itself, will prevent him from fulfilling his destiny!<br />If you have only one film about Knighthood or Chivalry in your collection, this should be it! No other movie even comes close to 'El Cid'...it is truly a triumph!nd jealous hatred, divine purpose and petty manipulations. Above all of this towers 'El Cid', whose lofty ideals are never compromised, whose only dream is to serve a united Spain. Nothing, not even death itself, will prevent him from fulfilling his destiny!<br />If you have only one film about Knighthood or Chivalry in your collection, this should be it! No other movie even comes close to 'El Cid'...it is truly a triumph!
B000002I4S|4.0|Why then do I give this review only 4 stars? First of all, for a recording made in 1959, a historical recording might I add, the sound quality isn't very good. Atlantic records really needs to release a remastered version of this album, or are they considering this the remastered version? Anyway the overall sharpness of sound is fair (unlike Sony's remasters which, through a decent pair of speakers, sounds like the band could be playing in your room).  The sound of the piano is horrble, it becomes distorted in many parts of its solos, and its volume level is far to low compared to the sax and bass. The second reason I gave the album 4 stars instead of five is because Tommy Flannagan's Piano solos aren't all that interesting. They almost sound like they're there to fill up space, just to give the listener a breather after Coltrane's incredible solos, except in Syeeda's Song Flute. That is a fine solo indeed. Wynton Kelly plays the keys on Naima, and his solos never dissapoint.  His solo on Naima is beautiful, colorful, and dreamy. Other than that, this album smokes from beginning to end. One wonders if Coltrane was actually human. His solos are just unbelieveable. I could only imagine listening to this on Vinyl when it was originally released. I'm sure after the final notes of Mr. P.C. ended someone had to snap the listener back into consciousness. Intense indeed.
0553278398|4.0|Now, before hand, I must say I'm not done with the Foundation series, as a matter of fact, I have only read this and &quot;Towards the Foundation&quot;, with the rest of the series dusting itself in my shelf waiting for the time when I am done with the &quot;waiting list&quot; of books I have to read.<br />  This is a fine starting point for the series, but it all really depends on the reader; that is, if you prefer to read the series on chronological order, or order of publication, it's all a matter of taste.<br />  This book is based in different  situations, each one a story on its own, but linked to the others in a way, making of this book a collection of stories instead of one.<br />   A fine book by a great author.
B00004YZFR|5.0|Part of what makes GIMME SHELTER so appealing is that it's not like other documentaries to which we've grown accustomed in the wake of Ken Burns' Civil War epic.  In the Burnsian idea of documentary, the facts are arranged into a coherent story with conclusions already drawn by the filmmaker.  They are non-fiction movies as much as they are a record of events.  <br />But GIMME SHELTER is a documentary in the more or less original sense of the term.  It shows events as they happened, pointing its camera at history actually in the unfolding.    The result is a film which captures a genuine sense of what both the era and the concerts felt like.   There's also an incredible impression of the passage of linear time.  From the beginning kernel of an idea for a free concert in San Fransisco, through the serpentine negotiations to make it happen, to the tragic end, you see what was originally a noble, generous idea go bad.<br />More cleverly, the filmmakers have documented the reactions of latter-day Stones reviewing their film.  You see the discomfort of the band members grow as they see key points in the history of the concert play out.   This through-the-looking-glass technique is what takes GIMME SHELTER from mere concert video to film classic.  <br />[DVD NOTES: Like all titles in Sony's Criterion Collection, this DVD is packed with fascinating extra features.  From an excellent 44-page booklet comprised of several essays and background pieces, to the fine audio commentary by the directors, and contemporary audio from the local press, you'll be watching this DVD for days.]
0345423496|3.0|Although I don't have complains about the linear plot, and the mostly impossible to happen ending (I don't think the Gods use digital computers anymore), I must give this book three stars for the technological speculations alone.<br />  That said, I will recommend people to read this book, although do not expect much, it could have been much better, and the premise alone shows it.<br />  Unfortunately, that did not happen on this Universe.<br />  A near respectable finale for the series.
B00001NFCY|5.0|I have actually written another review of this album.  That was about a year ago when the only thing I had heard was Higher.  Later I bought this album and after many hours and hours of listening to this has made this album one of my favorites.  I bought My Own Prison because I wanted to see how much their style and sound had changed.  It has changed in the producing of it.  My Own Prison is a great cd too.  However it definatly has a more raw powerful edge to it, just like most grudge style music.  I do like some of the stuff on My Own Prison that I wish they had on Human Clay.<br />As far as the tracks on Human Clay they are difinately worth listening to, which is not what some people have done.  I would have to say that the best song on this cd is With Arms Wide Open, not because it is catchy or has a great success on the charts, but because the lyrics and the emotion as well as the sound all comes together really well.  Higher is great too.  It got overplayed and still is but it is still good.  Other good songs are : Are You ready, beautiful and Faceless man.<br />A Great effort by Creed.
B000002AH9|5.0|I feel very, very sad when I listen to the music on this CD.  It would be a dramatic performance of the highest calibre.  Pitifully, it is no play.  Overwhelming despair and hopelessness thwart any escape to fantasy or even entertainment.  It would be heartwarming to write that this is a symbol of the ravages of alchohol and drugs, of the horror and violence of racism, or some sweeping statement of our own inhumanity to our neighbours, and even ourselves.  The detachment these larger ideas might afford are lost on me as I listen helplessly to one, talented strong woman who endured it all -- even to the bitter end of her tragic life.  This is not a Hollywood movie, and there is not an happy ending.  I'm glad that I have experienced this difficult album.  It's the most real thing I've heard.  Thank you, Ms. Holliday.
B00004Z4WR|5.0|The movie is about Nicholas Cage coming out of the retired status of &quot;car thief&quot; to save his younger brother from being crushed.  He has to steal 50 cars in a given amount of time.  Movie is more about the exotic cars than anything else.  The end of the movie is excellent with that run on the Mustang.  Pure adrenoline pumping.
0385484518|5.0|A wise book.<br />This is a  true story between a student and his dear professor, called Morrie.  Morrie was a wise man. with humility , who helped  Mitch to finish his thesis.  This book was a great lesson for me, because I understood the courage of a man for living with dignity. Also Morrie gave us some aphorisms that are great for our life.
B00004YB9Y|3.0|This album is not as good as it could have been.  My friend from New York mentions below that Pavarotti's English is not that great.  Well, my friend is being a little too polite.  Pavarotti's English is actually awful on the really well known pieces like &quot;White Christmas&quot; and &quot;I'll be Home for Christmas&quot;.  In addition, all three tenors are often guilty of singing too loudly on what are supposed to be more intimate Christmas songs.  Carreras sings much too loudly on &quot;The Little Drummer Boy&quot; and Pavarotti's exclamatory singing at the end of &quot;White Christmas&quot; is particularly hard to take.  It is also unfortunate that they chose to perform some very new material - written by the likes of Lennon/Ono, Domingo Jr., and even a piece co-written by Pavarotti himself(!) - instead of a few more old favourites.  The best performances on this disc, in my view, are &quot;Sleigh Ride&quot; and &quot;Felice Navidad&quot;.  Both are performed with great panache and enthusiasm - a bit like their performance of &quot;Singin' in the Rain&quot; at the 1994 Los Angeles concert.  Yet, even here, there are problems with pronunciation and the voices not melding together effectively in ensemble.  Also, on &quot;Felice Navidad&quot;, which comes at the end of the concert, the 64 yr.-old Pavarotti sounds almost out of breath.  On the whole this isn't a bad disc, but it won't likely add much lustre to your holiday season unless you're a major three tenors fan.  I should also mention it's strange that the producers chose to edit out the audience's applause.  I assume they didn't do that on the video; anyway, this is the type of concert which is probably better to watch than to listen to.
0345350499|5.0|Last night, as I was reading The Mists Of Avalon for the third time, it suddenly struck me that this book is now almost, for me, too painful, too personal, to read. For the first time reader it is simply an enchanting, beautifully written tapestry, for the second time reader it takes on a new dimension, one where the complexities of the plot are made clear, and the reader can really read the characters' minds a little bit better. At the third reading, however, the characters are becoming a part of you, their pain is your pain, and you feel that when, for example, Morgaine is snubbed by Lancelet in the early scene in Avalon, you simply cannot read something this painful anymore. Keep this in mind, anyone reading this novel, that it BECOMES a part of you, holds on tight and doesn't let you go. Though this has been often defined as a &quot;chick book&quot;, I am a teenage boy and I adore this novel. It simply transcends gender, race, religion, everything. Read this book, and it will change you.
B00000JPH6|4.0|Long have I loved The Dark Crystal, and when I got the DVD as a gift (my first DVD!), frankly, I was apprehensive. I hadn't seen the movie in years, until this past summer, when I rented the videotape and was appalled by the quality: the murky picture, the incomprehensible composition of many scenes, and the slow pacing. Would the DVD simply present digitally-clear proof of all these complaints?<br /><br />Nope! This is a feast for the eyes, a creative masterpiece.<br /><br />Okay, first off, I'll say that the pacing *is* slow, and that's the biggest flaw in this film. My only other issue, brought to light by the sharp DVD picture, is that the hero puppets, the Gelflings, are relatively unexpressive -- their facial features change very little. Perhaps that was the limited state of the art for a humanlike puppet in the early 1980s. It's ironic, because every other creature in this fantasy world (excepting the beasts of burden: Landstriders, Garthim) is delightfully expressive, from the simple Pod People to the wonderful conniving Skeksis Chamberlain. But then, I've read the same about Star Wars, even: Heroes tend to be plain and undetailed because we are meant to project our own traits upon them. Still, I'd have appreciated even a basic facial expression, a simple smile or frown, but the Gelflings don't have it.<br /><br />But don't get me wrong: Those are minor complaints. I love this movie. I almost gave up on it after the atrocious VHS rental experience, but the DVD restored my faith and then some. If the pacing is slow, it is a boon in disguise, because it allows you more time to absorb the visual detail. And The Dark Crystal is loaded with detail; this is a complete fantasy world, inspired by Brian Froud (of the book \\"Fairies\\") and constructed by Jim Henson's shop. The widescreen frame is necessary (it's the only aspect ratio included) -- after seeing this DVD, I can't imagine watching the movie in TV pan 'n' scan format. Every shot is a dreamlike panorama. And the color is truly vibrant.<br /><br />The sound, as well, is excellent, and the isolated music soundtrack option provides for an even more mysterious and compelling experience. The bonus material is sometimes weak (e.g., overdesigned character-photo screens with terse descriptions), but the saving grace is the documentary piece. It's an extensive look at the conception and making of the movie, and it features the most footage of Jim Henson I've ever seen in one place. The Dark Crystal was in many ways the crown jewel of Henson's achievements, and it's fitting that he gets the chance to talk so much about it. Plenty of interviews with other production people, too, including Frank Oz. (At one point, Henson and Oz are seen discussing a storyboard, and if you close your eyes, it's eerie -- you could swear it's Ernie and Bert.) Truly a treat for Henson fans. For the many who waited decades for a definitive collector's release of The Dark Crystal, it's a dream come true.<br /><br />Note: I wouldn't recommend this film for young children. I'd say it's best for later grade-schoolers, especially fantasy-oriented ones (I can imagine a revival among the Harry Potter crowd). But don't assume that because it's from Henson it's another Sesame Street preschooler romp: The Dark Crystal has some frightening scenes, elements of macabre horror, and even murder. I'm saving this one until my kids are older -- and then, boy, am I going to love watching it with them.nt.    The sound, as well, is excellent, and the isolated music soundtrack option provides for an even more mysterious and compelling experience. The bonus material is sometimes weak (e.g., overdesigned character-photo screens with terse descriptions), but the saving grace is the documentary piece. It's an extensive look at the conception and making of the movie, and it features the most footage of Jim Henson I've ever seen in one place. The Dark Crystal was in many ways the crown jewel of Henson's achievements, and it's fitting that he gets the chance to talk so much about it. Plenty of interviews with other production people, too, including Frank Oz. (At one point, Henson and Oz are seen discussing a storyboard, and if you close your eyes, it's eerie -- you could swear it's Ernie and Bert.) Truly a treat for Henson fans. For the many who waited decades for a definitive collector's release of The Dark Crystal, it's a dream come true.    Note: I wouldn't recommend this film for young children. I'd say it's best for later grade-schoolers, especially fantasy-oriented ones (I can imagine a revival among the Harry Potter crowd). But don't assume that because it's from Henson it's another Sesame Street preschooler romp: The Dark Crystal has some frightening scenes, elements of macabre horror, and even murder. I'm saving this one until my kids are older -- and then, boy, am I going to love watching it with them.
0385484518|4.0|Life's Greatest Lesson,<br />I have read this book once, and just now, I could finally put my feeling into words.<br />Mitch Albom is an outstanding writer, as his writing is very clear, always managing his ideas in just a few paragraphs.  His talent in this book is obvious.<br />This book teaches you how to find what's good and true and beautiful in your life.  It encourages us to have a better life. Also, this book teaches us to love others, devote ourselves to our community around us and to open our arms to others.<br />&quot;Tuesday with Morrie&quot; should be read by every living soul.  It gives your life directions, not waste time for useless things.  You will find all the answers you need to know all the real meaning of  life in &quot;Tuesday's with  Morrie&quot;.  I will find this book is very trust-worthy, instructive.
B00003CWLF|2.0|This is a re-working of the Hollywood film the King and I without  musical numbers. The King and I is banned in Thailand and is bitterly hated. The reason is that the portrayal by Yul Brunner of the king showed him to be an excitable twit. In reality the king in question was a former Monk who was asked to take over the royal throne in difficult circumstances. Rather than being a twit the King was a man of deep learning. This was illustrated by the fact that he originated the Thai alphabet. The memoirs on which the King and I are based are probably fictitious and have little relation to the truth. They were taken somewhat literally at the time of their publication because of the prejudice in Britain against foreign non Caucasian cultures. No one checked to see there accuracy and it would seem that Anna had only a passing commitment to the truth.<br />This film version has tried to be fairer to Thailand and has made the King a more attractive and dignified figure. Jodie Foster is a great actress and she is impressive in the role. Although the script was made fairer to the Thai characters permission was refused for filming on location. The filming has been done on recreations of the Royal Palace and are impressive. <br />The main problem with the film is the rather artificial ending where the Foster character is able to save Thailand from invasion by quick thinking and the use of modern technology. The end looks contrived and is unconvincing. <br />Despite that it is a pleasant if unsubstantial film. The enjoyment of it probably increases if one doesn't know about Thai history as the contrast with the reality can jar.
B00003XB8K|5.0|Let Enigma take you there.  This is the first Enigma cd that I have bought. I first heard of them from the Sliver soundtrack.  I really loved the song from that movie, but was leary about buying anything else, without hearing them first.  I was at Ames last night and saw this one.  I was looking for The Cross of Change and they only had this one.  I looked at the names of the songs and the album cover was quite cool, so I kind of bought it on impulse.  NOT A MISTAKE.  This cd is the best I own.  It is so sensual and erotic.  I would definitely recommend this cd to anyone that is a hopeless romantic or just loves to be taken away by beautiful music.
B000002UZ6|5.0|Tina Turner is a legend above all else. Something about her unique style of music and the way she express herself through song is extraordinary. I really feel for her and all that has  gone wrong in her life, but above all else, she hasn't given into adversity and still stands tall and proud even at 60! I did like her older albums, which were, at the time, performed with  Ike, but the idea of knowing what was going on behind the music just won't bring me to buy them. This is a wonderful album and I would recommend it to any fan of good R&amp;B. We love you Tina!!!
068484267X|5.0|This is one of the best books I have ever read!<br />Frank McCourt writes about his youth growing up in NYC and Ireland.  He lives in near desperate conditions because of a father who could not keep a job and could not resist &quot;the drink.&quot;   Yet young McCourt does not quite despair because of the squalor in which he is living.  He finds humor in his daily life, which he describes in much incredibly fascinating and delightful detail.  This book follows him through the addition of brothers and a sister to his family, followed by the sad early death of too many of them, the sacrifices of dignity his mother makes to maintain a home and food and clothing, his adventures with local kids, mishaps at school, the threat of eternal damnation he feels for all of the naughty things he does, a number of jobs to help aid his family upon the departure of an alcohol-enslaved father, and finally his own departure to embark upon a life of his own.  <br />Frank McCourt's young outlook on life is so unique and enjoyable, you will be delighted by his ever hopeful perspective.  The writing is hilarious.  You will chuckle at even the little things, including how he refers, in his Irish way, to things as &quot;some class of...&quot; this or that, and his dirty boy stuff as &quot;interferring with himself&quot; or &quot;the excitement.&quot; Frank McCourt shares with his readers an honest, detailed, and humorous memoir of his boyhood.<br />I think everyone should read this book.  I highly recommend it.
B00003CX8I|4.0|As adaptations of comic books go, this is about as good as it gets: the effects are terrific, the tone is humorous at times and deadly serious at others (yet never campy), the acting is mostly solid (at times spectacular, in the cases of jackman, Stewart and McKellan), and it plays mostly like an adaptation of a great X-Men comic book that never existed.<br />That being said, there is a certain silliness to it that non-comic book fans may have trouble getting past: Magneto's plan is needlessly complex, there are too many characters to keep track of, and Professor Xavier's Cerebro machine seems absurd. (Although the latter requires a mutant telepath to use it--with incredible danger involved--, in the film it tells you only the most obvious information imaginable: &quot;She's trying to escape by going to the peculiarly large train station just miles from here even though we live in the middle of nowhere! We never would have figured that one out without Cerebro!&quot;) Nevertheless, it's hard to imagine a better Professor X, a better Wolverine, or a better film adaptation of the popular comic book.
B00003CXDG|5.0|I have seen MI and I loved the movie. I saw this movie recently and liked it. its fast paced and the action sequences are great. This is an absoulely must see movie. Its not as complicated as MI.
B000002UJQ|4.0|First of all, I think this is a great album. It is a shame that there are not more bands achieving the degree of fame that Radiohead has, considering the type of music performed on OK Computer.  This CD is a sort of &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot; for the 90's, it's music that is atmospheric, well performed, and makes you think.  But to the reviewers who think that this music is alone in a sea of mediocrity, you obviously have some digging to do.  There were releases by King Crimson in the early 80's (&quot;Three of a Perfect Pair&quot; and &quot;Discipline&quot; to name a couple)which, from a sonic/atmosheric standpoint, bands are only now catching up to.  More recently, Saga's &quot;Generation 13&quot; and &quot;Brave&quot; by Marillion could seriously give this album a run for its money.  I give &quot;OK Computer&quot; only four stars, because all four of these other albums exceed do what &quot;OK Computer&quot; is aiming at, but did it better.
0385484518|5.0|All people have to read this book. Tuesday's with Morrie is the basic lesson of life and how to learn to live in perfect harmony with the community. Morrie's teaching shows us how to handle any situation with serenity. That helps me to look at my life and changes my attitude and feelings about life. When I was reading and thinking, I agreed with many words he said. You will find all the answers you need to know the real meaning of life in &quot;Tuesday's with Morrie.&quot;  I find this book very instructive and trust-worthy. I will recommend everybody read that book.
B00004WIBW|4.0|This is Tim Burton's homage to the great Hammer horror films of his youth, and it may be his most visually spectacular film ever. From Burton, that's saying quite a great deal, and should let you know that no matter what else the film is absolutely worth a close look (though prefarably on as large a screen as possible): the muted nightlike colors of the town are sumptuous, the Horseman is terrifying, and the cinematography is absolutely stunning.<br />The story is quite exciting, and hardly ever lets up, although it's pretty easy to figure out early in the filom who is responsible for everything. The actors Burton chose for the secondary parts are terrific, but the major players were less felicitously chosen: Johnny Depp tries mightily but is just too handsome to play Ichabod Crane convincingly, and Christina Ricci is just Not a Blonde (much like Winona Ryder in EDWARD SCISSORHANDS). The actor who plays the mastermind behind everything gives a spectacularly bad eyerolling, lipchewing performance--I won't reveal the name here, but watch for the performance given after the revelation of the mastermind's identity: it's pretty unintentionally hilarious.
0784011923|5.0|This is anolds fisrt big role and james fisrt big movie and great.Its about a woman named shara conner whos gona give brith to the person that will lead the humans against the war of the machines in 2029 who is  target of the terminatora a unstopable killing machine who is sent back in the past by skynet the super commputer who controls the machines in 2029 in war aginst humans kill her so her son will never get boun.but anouter human called kyle  resse is also sent to same past as the terminator has to protect her the bad thing is that hes human and arnold is a unstop able killing machine.this one of fist films and just like his later films its just as good.so if you like his films{and if you like anold also}go buy this film.and see the seuel which is just as good.
0151001634|5.0|\\"...I got to try to be smart like other pepul.  Then when I am smart they will talk to me and I can sit with them and listen...If your smart you can have lots of frends to talk to and you never get lonley by yourself all the time.\\" (Page 15)<br />    At this point in the story, Daniel Keyes introduces Charlie Gordon as someone who is eager to please and determined to be as smart as he can possibly be.  Charlie believes that only intelligent people are able to make friends.  Therefore, there is a constant urge to become intelligent and to learn new things. Although, he does not fully understand the world around him, Charlie is well aware of his mental inferiority to it.  He feels lonely and detached from the people around him, as if things happened ten times as fast to him than to anyone else.  It's hard to understand the significance and the point made in many occasions, so most of the time, Charlie dwells in the darkness of his crippled mind.  Facing the giant world with a sole, empty smile.  He wants to be normal, or at least his illusion of normal, like sitting at a bakery table and talking about god and politics.  And for Charlie, in order to be \\"normal\\", he needs to be smart and mentally capable of doing all the things that other people do, each and everyday of their lives. <br />    \\"I resent Nemur's constant references to me as a laboratory specimen...I'm a human being, a person -with parents and memories and a history- and I was before [he] ever wheeled me into that operating room!\\"  (Pages 105 and 149)<br />    This passage demonstrates Charlie's irritation towards Nemur's conceited theory that he is a scientific god, who created Charlie Gordon, and that before the operation, it was as if he had never even existed.  What angers Charlie, most of all, is the idea that his old self was a mere, insignificant laboratory specimen, and that millions of people around the world think that way about exceptional human beings.  They believe that mentally challenged people, like Charlie, could be considered as dead as a critical coma patient, who breathes and lives only with the help of machines.  Such opinions and beliefs are no help when it comes to respecting a retarded person.        <br />    \\"Intelligence is one of the greatest human gifts.  But all too often a search for knowledge drives out the search for love.  This is something else I've discovered for myself very recently.  I present it to you as a hypothesis: Intelligence without the ability to give and receive affection leads to mental and moral breakdown, to neurosis, and possibly even psychosis.\\" (Page 230)         Charlie has realized that what he thought was the answer to his problems in the first place, was actually a step down from the ladder of human affection.  In his struggle to approximate people, he has regressed from his social status, instead of scaling higher on it.  At first, his empty smile and clumsiness impeded him to gain respect and build friendships, but at least it amused the people around him, resulting into a not so utter loneliness.  Which was more than he ever got with his intelligence superiority and rapid understanding of the world around him.  Charlie was finally at the opposite side of the fence, but it meant nothing since his genius had not been tempered by human affection.
0789723107|5.0|I read J. Neilson's book on usability and valued his writings but Krug's book is my favorite. The pithy, often humerous writing style, the exceedingly 'usable' design of the book, and his sage advice make it a great addition to your library. It's short enough that every member of your web development team will find time to read it, and benefit from it.
0881030376|4.0|The two main characters in the story are Leonard Small, and George Milton. They have one dream: to own a peice of land they can call their own [with Lennie (who is Leonard) tending the rabbits]. To get land, you need to purchase it. To purchase, you need money. So Lennie and George have been going from town to town, mostly because they can't stay in one place too long before Lennie makes a mistake, forcing them to flee.     They get jobs at a ranch. They make friends, such as Candy, the swamper, Slim, the skinner, and crooks, the negro stable boy. However, life isn't so peachy keen at this ranch. The flirtatious wife of Curley, the bosses son, is a threat to everyone who works there. For Curley is a very possessive man, who will beat anyone up, who is bigger than he is (maybe even Lennie).     Will Curley's wife, who doesn't seem to have a name, cause trouble for George and Lennie, maybe evening ruining their dream? Will Lennie's ignorance to his own strength cause trouble at this town also? Well, you should read the book to find out.    The reason I didn't give five stars to this book, is because I think the end was too sudden. It didn't seem right. Maybe you will think differently if you read the book.
0385484518|4.0|Tuesdays with Morrie is an excellent book. Mitch Albom is a profetional writer. I enjoied reading about  them,  Morrie  touched my heart about  his words. Ej: Morrie  said  &quot;once you learn how   to die you learn how live&quot;. Morrie thought about  death before he got sick.
B000002O7C|4.0|I listen to this over and over just to hear the Hymn to Red October.  I never get tired of it.  What I don't understand is why the instrumental version that is heard during the credits at the end of the movie was not included.  That is a major defect.  If not for that, I would have given it 5 stars....
B00004Z459|5.0|I recently went to a POD show and these guys happened to be playing with them so I went out and picked up their CD.  This is one of the best new bands to come out in a while.  There is not a bad song on the album.  There are elements of Metal, Rap and hardcore all blended together for a great sound.  Great Album.<br />By the way, they are great live too.
B000050XEI|5.0|I have to agree that this new Enya album may be rather short. However, I think it's not Enya's fault. Her previous albums (except for compilations) don't last more than 40~42 minutes. The problem this time, however, has to do with Reprise's edition. Remember that in all other countries the album features 12 songs, making it about 38 minutes long. (By the way, why has Reprise shortchanged us?) Some people have complained about the lack of innovation in Enya's new album. I don't think this is so. The heavy use of strings and the content of the lyrics make a big difference. In my opinion, we must not expect to find big changes between one Enya album and the next. I think she's a &quot;concept artist&quot;, that is, one who likes to expand on her previous work and use it as a scaffold for her new material - hence the similarity of some of her songs. IMO, this album is not only more cheerful than The Memory of Trees but also a lot better. It's definitely worth buying.
0684853523|4.0|I used to read everything Stephen King wrote, but gradually became more and more disenchanted with his work. I always thought King wrote great characters and dialogue, but the stories he told often felt weak. IT, for instance, was a massive, abosorbing book with a masterful buildup, which was totally ruined by a stupid, ultra-lame climax. THE STAND, his best book, also felt cheated in the payoff department. (THE FOG and TOMMYKNOCKERS were other examples.) I eventually got frustrated in his slapdash approach to the stories themselves and the lack of forethought that seemed to go into them.<br />In ON WRITING, King actually takes pride in this sort of approach to his stories. He states takes characters and puts them into &quot;What if?&quot; scenarios, which makes for compelling situations, but when I make a leap of faith to spend time with a story a writer is telling, I want to feel like the writer has a story in mind... and NOT something he is making up as he goes along. King constantly emphasizes the value of &quot;story&quot; in his section on writing, but deemphasizes &quot;plot,&quot; as though they were two totally different things. I submit that in the kind of high-concept stories like he used to write, &quot;plot&quot; is VERY important... and plot IS the story. (Although I haven't read his books in the last six or seven years, I sense that he's busy with more &quot;character studies,&quot; where the value of &quot;plot&quot; may be diminished.) <br />King kind of poo-poos the use of outlines, but without a clear sense of where your &quot;story/plot&quot; is heading, your characters are just sort of wandering around where the writer's whim takes them with no idea of where they'll wind up. Those aren't the books I like to read, and that's why I have left Stephen King behind.<br />Having said that, this book is very good. I especially enjoyed the sections dealing with specific stories: The genesis of THE STAND, CARRIE, why different sections were rewritten, etc. I would definitely recommend it to fans... and those, like me, who used to be fans.
B00004Y7SF|1.0|I like Christina's other songs, but this CD is a blatant rip-off of Mariah Carey's 1994 Christmas CD.  If you already own the Mariah CD, save your money.
6300183513|5.0|I saw this film in a theatre when it was first re-released back in 1983.  The audience audibly reacted to the masterful build-up of suspense and spontaneously applauded when the movie ended.  Never before or since have I been witness to such a positive reaction at the movies, and it has stayed with me all these years.  The term &quot;popular artist&quot; is not an oxymoron in Hitchcock's case, and &quot;Rear Window&quot; is Hitchcock at his very best.  It's a movie (or &quot;film&quot; if you prefer) that can be appreciated on a multitude of levels, from &quot;pure cinema&quot; (Hitchcock to Truffaut), or simply as a rousing crowd pleaser, or better still as a combination of both.
0385484518|5.0|Only few seconds the journalist from The Detroit Free Press Mitch Albom needed to write this true story, when he caught his old professor on the &quot;Nightline&quot; interview. From the &quot;snapshot&quot; pupil and coach made this final thesis &quot;Tuesdays with Morrie.&quot; This true story in that author describes his coach's final days, as he was dying from a terminal illness(Lou Gehrig's disease). The coach teaches his aphorisms. Mitch paid a lot of attention to his professor. The writer skips the sentimental part and replaces it with affection and gratitude. I learned about   life and how to take care of one family or friend, when he/she has a terminal illness.
B0000019HU|4.0|Slint is one of the most underappreciated, ultra-influential bands of all time.  While most definitely a great, historically important album, I certainly wouldn't consider it one of the greatest of all time.  The last track, however (&quot;Good Morning, Captain&quot;), is undoubtedly one of the greatest songs of all time and worth the price of the CD alone.
B00003CXDG|1.0|this movie was horrible. it had nothing to do with the mission: impossible series, let alone any plot or any substance. it was basically a Hong Kong-styled action rolling picture tacked on with a good title. it was messed up, and a perversion of movie action, with ridiculous moves and fight scenes. what a waste. perhaps the director should resort to doing short-segemnt action commercials.
0316286443|5.0|Kevin Aucoin is talented, and proves that even the most ugliest, haggered person can look like a sex bomb with the right makeup.  I am so honored by the fact that Kevin Aucoin is sharing ANY of his beauty secrets.<br />Therefore, I ignore the previous comments by  jealous, mean women who get upset because Aucoin's book is full of &quot;FANTASY&quot; or lacks how-to.  Just the simple fact that he can transform a face and gives you incite on how he does it, is enough for me; he REALLY does not have to share anything! And I am honored by the fact he choose to share his secrets with millions of women.<br />Besides you don't have to be a rocket scientist to figure out the steps, especially if your &quot;how-to&quot; challenged.
B000050FEN|5.0|SE7EN - Can anything more be said about what a great film this is???? Well, now, YES because New Line's new Double DVD is a fantastic package and a MUST for any fan of the film. The film has once again been remastered from the original film elements and it has never looked better -- even better than the old Criterion laserdisc. Colors, shadowings, sound, contrast have all been adjusted for optimum effect (one of the extras on disc 2 shows the before-and-after on several scenes). Just check out the green lamps in that library scene - WOW! The film is on Disc 1 and there are 4 separate commentary tracks...the most interesting one in my opinion is Track 2 which discusses the genesis of the project from script, to selling it to a studio and the fight to retain the original ending. Fincher is always interesting, but hearing Andrew Kevin Walker discuss his inspiration for writing the script and the struggles to get it made is even more fascinating. The voice behind one of the most original screenplays in years is pure genius.  &quot;Extras&quot;-filled Disc 2 features deleted scenes (including the original opening)...most of which are just slightly extended scenes from the film (you see more of &quot;Pride&quot;, etc.). There is also an alternate cut of the ending with different shots that was test-screened to an audience plus a storyboard of a different ending that was never shot. All of these come with or without commentary. An analysis of the opening credit sequence offers different angles and commentaries on 3 variants of the sequence. There are still galleries with commentaries by the photographers. Yes, &quot;Sloth&quot; victim's decay is included in the photos (unfortunately, not as clearly as it was presented on the Criterion LD) as well as John Doe's notebooks and lair. There is only one theatrical trailer (where are all the tv spots, etc. that were on the LD?????) and a short EPK. There are also some DVD-rom features on both discs (script-to-scene, etc.) to round it all out. <br />Only downside is that a lot of the extras on the Criterion LD are NOT INCLUDED HERE in any form. Although Criterion holds the rights to their original commentary track (Featuring Fincher, Pitt, Freeman, Rob Bottin , Walker, etc) and some other extras, surely NEW LINE owns the rights to the tv spots and other such promo materials. Where, for instance, is the great gallery of original artwork and poster concepts that so playfully used the number 7 or the sins as the backdrop???? New Line created these so why aren't they included here? The Criterion disc also had out-takes and many other things not included here, so don't ever toss that disc out! It's sure to be valuable some day. And with this DVD, which also includes items NOT on the Criterion LD, they combine to make the ultimate &quot;SE7EN&quot; collection.
B0000024YL|5.0|Simon and Garfunkel were the ultimate duo: Simon with his gorgeous lyrics and music, and Garfunkel with his delicate, thilling voice. They were the lighter, less angry side of the sixties, but still incredibly popular in the folkie/hippie world: their music was even sung at Church!    My favorites are &quot;Mrs. Robinson&quot;(I've never even seen the movie but who can't resit the cunning little words..the &quot;coo-coo-ka-choos&quot; and the &quot;hey hey hey&quot;s), &quot;Sounds of Silence&quot;(so beautiful it made my teeth ache. I felt like I was in the midst of everything that made the era what it was), &quot;America&quot; (my very favorite, how can you resist the vagabound lyrics and bluntness?) &quot;Cecilia&quot; (ok, NOT the best but oh-so-catchy-and-cute) &quot;59th Street Bridge Song (Feeling Groovy)&quot; (oh come ON! this is such a great little sing along, bop yer head and drum your fingers song...altho it reminds me too much of the Sesame Street Theme). Also, &quot;Homeward Bound&quot;, &quot;Bridge Over Troubled Water&quot;(such beauty it makes me cry), and the ever enchanting &quot;Scarborough Fair/Canticle.&quot; And of course, the other tracks are terrific as well.    I can't keep this music out of my head-that God for that.
B00000J7S8|3.0|Easy listening, just to slow for me.
6300183971|5.0|When reviewing the 137 minute American theatrical version of Dune, you have to be carefull with your criticizms of David Lynch.  Lynch's original version of the film was over 3 hours long and included an extensive narration and key dialogue that draws a much more accurate comparison with the book.  In fact, I'm told Lynch attempted to completely dis-associate himself with American version (which was somewhat butchered by Alan Smithee) and then later re-released a 3 hour directors cut on Television and VHS...Which I just watched for the first time last week.  DO NOT CRITICIZE DAVID LYNCH'S EFFORT OR STORYTELLING UNTIL YOU SEE THE EXTENDED DIRECTORS CUT.
B000001EXR|5.0|The Elder was my introduction to KISS and I was surprised a bit since I had &quot;thought&quot; them as a hard-rock band. It was a nice surprise indeed, since I found the music (admittedly not their best but still good) intriguing, and showed that the band can actually make quality music (If they're allowed by the &quot;fans&quot;). I started following them until Animalize (which IMHO sucked), then I forgot about them... Till lately I decided to buy (through reviews at Amazon.Com) Asylum (what a shame), Revenge, COS and Psycho Circus. All but one followed the suit and exception is COS - and what an exception. Well, Revenge and PC are very good, and Asylum ... forget about it, but COS is really a standout effort. Most reviewers think it is a follow up to Revenge, but I would say it is a follow up to Elder. Both albums intend to be intelligent (rather than &quot;C'mon baby let's make love all-nite&quot; stuff), and while Elder is a good &quot;experiment&quot;, COS is a mature, skillful, professional piece of art. And yes, it is much heavier than Elder.<br />I do not agree with those comparing COS to Pearl Jam and the like. Yes, this is a very heavy and dark album, but one of the strengths of Kiss has always been that they can put up very nice catching melodies, and throughout the darkness of COS you surely get great melodies almost everywhere.<br />Rock music from soft to heavy is my favorite, and I don't prefer one genre over another. To me there's good music and bad music, and COS is great music.
6300183971|5.0|When reviewing the 137 minute American theatrical version of Dune, you have to be carefull with your criticizms of David Lynch.  Lynch's original version of the film was over 3 hours long and included an extensive narration and key dialogue that draws a much more accurate comparison with the book.  In fact, I'm told Lynch attempted to completely dis-associate himself with American version (which was somewhat butchered by Alan Smithee) and then later re-released a 3 hour directors cut on Television and VHS...Which I just watched for the first time last week.  DO NOT CRITICIZE DAVID LYNCH'S EFFORT OR STORYTELLING UNTIL YOU SEE THE EXTENDED DIRECTORS CUT.
B00004Y7SF|2.0|Like Barbra Streisand says about singing,sometimes Less Is More,and Christina puts too much on everyone of these Christmas Classic's.&quot;Have yourself a Merry Little Christmas&quot;and &quot;The Christmas song&quot; is ruined by so many cord changes on every line.Just sing the song Christina the way it was written.Even the album cover.This looks like a cover   Madonna used in the early 90's in her wild days.I could just picture Christina singing &quot;O Holy Night,&quot; in church wearing this outfit.
B000001TVD|1.0|Well, I guess they can't all be gems. The sound is thin. The lyrics are cosmic rhetoric (and not at all humorous), the melodies never quite take (and if they do, you should get out more often) and the much heralded title track is one long bore. Eddie Hazel may be dead, and may have been an integral part of the Funkadelic Family, but the accolades heaped on him and this &quot;song&quot; are unwarranted.  A waste of time, money and energy.
B00004Z459|4.0|Linkin Park is a good mix of limp bizkit and papa roach.linkin park is an awsome band that doesnt have a truckload of swears
0345347951|1.0|The word 'intresting' is often used when trying to be kind, and still give an opinion,my opinion of this book is the same.  I did, in all honesty, find certain parts of the book to be fascinating and thought provoking.  However, I was deeply disturbed by the author's view of society,and by the way that he thinks - the evidence being the story in the book itself.  I was horrified at the ending, and repulsed by so many of the points made by the book.  I found the entire read extreemly, almost intinctively disturbing.
630310696X|4.0|Philadelphia is an extremly powerful and moving film. Tom Hanks(in his oscar winning role) plays Philadelphia attorney Andrew Beckett. Andrew is a homosexual and has AIDS, both of these thing he is concealing from his bosses. After a mishap Beckett is fired, but he believes he was fired for AIDS discrimnation. He goes to many lawyers finally ending up at Joe Miller, a homophobic personal injury lawyer played by Denzel Washington. Miller is hestitant to take his case, but finally does. Philadelphia is not a court drama, although some of it takes place in court. It explores the subjects of AIDS and its discrimnation, and homosexuality and its discrimnation, as well as prejudices against these subjects. Tom Hanks won best actor, and Bruce Springstein won best orignal song at the Oscars. The songs Streets of Philadelphia  by Springstein and Philadelphia by Neil Young are great. This is an excellent film. Don't miss it! Rated PG-13 for adult content and situations, and profanity.
0385484518|5.0|Tuesday with morrie.      This book is an incredible story, I revel reading each paragraph  also I saw the movie and it touched my heart because it's a true and sad story from a young man with his old professor who  had a terminal disease called ALS or Lou Gehring's  disease.           I encourage anyone to read this wonderful book because I find in it many beautiful aphorisms  that we can put in practice in our life.
0780631684|4.0|This moving was hilarious.  Similar to all of the other teeny-bop 'thrillers' (Scream series, I still know...yada, yada, yada), this movie sticks with the genre in that it's incredibly ridiculous, the characters are transparent at most, and the plot is easily predictable - that's what makes this movie that good.  Some decent gore just adds to the movie's charm.  Can anyone say, 'Watch out for that bus!'?  It's definitely worth the rent, but if you like dark comedy, this one's for your collection.
B00004YB9Y|5.0|Each time these guys get together for a recording session, all things turn to gold in their particular style of music. I have all the Three Tenors CDs and I am not surprise on how good this venture turned out. I am not a great lover of opera, but these guys I do like. For the opera lover, you may be able to pick apart the flaws and be crtical about their performance, but not I. I just love it. This CD will not be played only at Christmas, but it will be apart of my everyday listing pleasure along with other Three Tenors CDs. I am hoping that there will be another Three Tenors performance in 2002 after the World Soccer Championships.; we can only hope.<br />Happy listing, because you will enjoy it<br />Tripp
B00004U3UG|5.0|The DVD version of this Director's Cut does not have the original US ending where Ash ends back up in S-Mart.   Personally I think the US ending is much better than this ending... But this version is worth owning because it has deleted scenes and other great extras... But beware, it does not have the original US ending...
0684833395|5.0|Catch 22 by Joseph Heller is a book about World War II and the brave (or maybe not-so-brave) soldiers who fought in it.  The blunt and truthful view of soldiers' lives is refreshing, this isn't a &quot;war heroes are our friends&quot; type of book.  The satirical humor and twisting plot will keep you up all night long reading this great book.
B000002MFN|5.0|Critics love to lump Erotica with the Sex book and trash them both. Don't believe the anti-hype! Erotica is arguably Madonna's best, save for Like a Prayer. It manages to keep the club jumping and actually say something at the same time. Everybody knows the hits - Erotica, Deeper and Deeper, Rain. But some of the best songs were never released. In &quot;Waiting,&quot; Madonna kicks her sad-sack, undependable boyfriend to the curb. The heavy, rolling bassline and elegant piano make it a midtempo jam, thanks to Andre Betts' production. Big bass is all over this one, from the techno-house of Thief of Hearts to the Betty Boop-on-acid bounce of Bye Bye Baby to the midtempo groove of Where Life Begins, an ode to, well,  you'll figure it out. The CD isn't all about the boogie, though. The electro-house-reggae &quot;Why Is It So Hard?&quot; asks us why we let superficial things like race, gender, sexuality and so on prevent us from being one race - human. The ballad &quot;In This Life&quot; is Madonna's musical memorial to friends lost to AIDS. &quot;Erotica&quot; is an underappreciated, misunderstood, falsely-characterized, slammin' and jammin' record. So she spends a lot of time talking about sex, so what? Listen without prejudice - there's a message there.
B00003CX97|5.0|If you bought the Columbia Tri-star laserdisc like I did a few years ago, you got a nasty surprise. This fine film had undergone a &quot;restoration process&quot;. But this restoration makes changes to David Lean's vision. Some changes are curious but more or less harmless, like using a different sound effect for the mortar used in the final scenes. Other &quot;improvements&quot; are more disconcerting. A new digital background track was created for the jungle scenes that included insect noises and bird calls and such. This track is a bit too loud on the laserdisc and it intrudes on the dialogue. But to me the most damaging change occurs during the raft scenes when the charges are being placed at the base of the bridge. These scenes were shot day-for-night. In the sequences of the raft approaching the bridge as well, the cinematography had to be just right. If the scenes were originally filmed too darkly (underexposed), the veiwer wouldn't be able to see what's happening onscreen, but if they were overexposed the veiwer would be led to believe the enemy gaurds on top of the bridge would be able to easily spot the commandos...(!). The Lean-approved original version skillfully strikes the right balance throughout these scenes. But along came Columbia Tri-star and, for some unkown reason, apparently chose these scenes to be brightened for the transfer to laserdisc! All I can figure is that the telecinist might have been concerned the transfer process would've darkened the scenes somewhat (for whatever technical reason) and overcompensated. Who knows. Whatever. The end result is that the balance of Jack Hildyard's careful cinematography is upset and, the scenes being too bright, the suspension of disbelief is interrupted. I think many people balked when they got there laserdisc, but more to the point, Columbia apparently listened. The transfer for the dvd, I'm pleased to say, is 100% faithful to the original film version. On top of that the picture and sound are very sharp indeed and I can't think of a reason not to buy either one of the dvd's. I don't know what posessed Cloumbia Tri-star to screw around so much with the laserdisc release. Maybe they couldn't locate all the film elements or maybe the thought no one would mind if they retouched the Mona Lisa, I dunno. Of course if you never bought the lserdisc all this is moot since the film and dvd are identical. But if you felt you got burned on the laserdisc, fear not, there is nothing wrong with the dvd even though it is also done by Columbia Tri-star (nothing against them, per se, but when it comes to video releases the studio labels sometimes giveth and sometimes taketh away). By the way, it's amazing how well this spectacular movie, storywise and filmwise, has held up over the years, don't you think? To me it's always satisfying when a first-class film gets a first-class treatment.
0060977493|1.0|It reads like a clumsy effort by a talented high-schooler.  Vastly overrated and tremendously disappointing.
B00004U8P9|5.0|I believe that this musical is the greatest film ever written. It is for every age group and makes you understand that everyone is loved.
B0000024RQ|5.0|&quot;The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan&quot; is a superb album I've owned and listened to for quite some time now.  And it seems every time I give another listen, I find something new with the same amazement.  It set the standard for a lot of folk music preceding it, despite it's limited popularity in 1963.  &quot;Blowin' in the Wind&quot; is an absolute timeless masterpiece, one Bob claims to have written in about 10 minutes.  It is a simple one, and with the covers by Peter, Paul and Mary, and with even a motown version of the song, sometimes it seems that just about everybody in the world must know that one.  And there's nothing like hearing the real man himself belt it out.  &quot;Girl of North Country&quot; is a beautiful love song, based on &quot;Scarborough Fair&quot;, a nice English melody, different from the one you know from S&amp;G. (In fact, I think mainly the whole root of my buying the album was because of &quot;Girl of North Country&quot;.  Cruising around on BobDylan.com aroused my curiosity about it and even the small sample there blew my mind.)  &quot;Masters of War&quot; is a one-chorded angry protest song, then to change the mood are two fun and simple tunes, showing Dylan's roots in early country music: &quot;Down the Highway&quot; (a nice blues number), and the amusing &quot;Bob Dylan's Blues&quot;.  Proceeding is &quot;A Hard Rain's A-Gonna Fall&quot;, sitting close to the top (if not on top) of my list of The Greatest Songs Ever Written, which I could write an essay on and someday should.  A protesting poem of ingenious imagery, I find it quite compelling to just feel the crescendo of the song with Bob's voice and guitar, and the beauty of it simply dumbfounds me.  &quot;Don't Think Twice, It's Alright&quot; is a great goodbye love song, also covered by Peter, Paul and Mary.  &quot;Bob Dylan's Dream&quot; introduces you to another English melody, &quot;Lord Franklin&quot;, that Bob picked up on his trip through England.  &quot;Oxford Town&quot;, ashort number tells a parable of discrimination against blacks, in a great way.  &quot;Talking World War III Blues&quot; is a clever talking blues number, well worked on.  I don't usually listen to the rest of the album, though they are still good.  &quot;Corrina, Corrina&quot; and &quot;Honey Just Allow Me One More Chance&quot; are good covers of songs Bob picked up somewhere or another.  And the album closes with the ridiculously amusing &quot;I Shall Be Free&quot;.  It's worth the money to buy this great music, I'll tell ya.  And it usually doesn't cost you much- I'd recommend most buying the 3-CD set with it.  Some of music at its best is on here...
0783217048|5.0|This will be short and sweet.  This is one of the cutest movies going.  It's taken me five long years to catch up and finally check it out. It's such a gem of a story and I laughed my head off through the whole thing.   I'm so sick and tired of L. Maltin saying he hates most of the movies that the rest of the public love.   Thank God I don't listen to CRITICS, if I did, I'd never see anything. This is SO SWEET. Cute, but I guess you can't be homophobic and appreciate the gem. These three men act more like &quot;chicks&quot; than any female I've known, including myself.    Three drag queens, excellent acting, great and silly plot. Patrick Swaze, Wesley Snipes and John Leguizamo (sp) how they could do it, is beyond me.    People in dire straits being helped by stranded Chi-Chi, Noxy and Vida;  &quot;women&quot; who end up in a hick town of &quot;red necks&quot; and add much needed color and life to a dying town. I'm so glad I check out every one of the &quot;editorial reviews&quot; and every time ole Leonard hates it, I know I'll absolutely LOVE IT! Don't listen to him or anyone else who tells you it's no good. I don't know who he thinks he is......Look at the customer reviews AGAIN! (4 - 5 stars) we can't all be wrong and he be right, eh?   He has no clue as to what's funny and light hearted.     Get another job.  I'm so upset I can't write anymore, nor do I need to.
B00004XQP4|4.0|Green Day just continues to make great albums.  Each one gets better &amp; better.  They are so new &amp; fresh in their sound.  If you like the Green Day sound, also check out a new CD &quot;Check Please&quot; by the Influents.  This is a Green Day spin-off band.  Not a clone - they have their own sound - but it has definite Green Day  influence.
0140177396|5.0|I do not know how many times I have read this charming tragedy. Never has there been written a more precious piece of tragic literature that seems so far away from the classic form of tragedy in its noble form, but surpasses its noble cousins by its down-to-earth credibility and realistic plot and setting. This is a tragedy that lives here and now, its language is fitting and almost poetic in its vulgarity and its humane simplicity. Whoever finds this language inadequate closes his eyes before the truth of reality. And he has difficulty in recognizing a simple human being and his basically tragic situation. George is a real tragic hero, who dwarfs Antigone and Oedipus because he is a simple human being and a real man. I will read this novel again and again.
630157401X|5.0|And this movie truly does deliver on that score!  Those 3 traps that Indy has to solve to actually get to the Grail are, IMHO, some of the best moments ever in film history!  If you, as I do, like movies that challenge your sense of intricacy and make you think, &quot;Man, I almost wish I could be up there doing that!&quot; then this movie is a must-see! Buy It!!
B00004XPQ2|5.0|This film is a giant in a very crowded genre of WWII movies released in the 1940's and 50's.  It was nominated for eight Academy Awards and won seven including Best Picture, Best Actor (Alec Guinness) and Best Director (David Lean).  The story is atypical of the WWII genre.  Instead of showing the glory of battle, it presents the psychological and physical torment of life in a POW camp.  It focuses on the human story, a story of principles, will and courage in the face of adversity.<br />Colonel Nicholson (Alec Guinness) is the commander of a group of prisoners of war interned in a Japanese camp in Southeast Asia during WWII.  He is told by the camp commander, Colonel Saito (Sessue Hayakawa) that the prisoners will build a bridge across the river Kwai to complete the Japanese railroad that will supply their troops.  Saito orders that officers will work beside enlisted men, to which Nicholson objects because it is a violation of the rules of war agreed to at the Geneva Convention.  This leads to a standoff, a test of wills that is ultimately won by the irrationally stubborn Brit after many days in solitary confinement.<br />The result is that Nicholson agrees to build the bridge on his own terms, using his own engineers.  This seems to be insane, since building the bridge would aid the enemy.  However, Nicholson's has a high-minded goal that transcends the war.  He wants to build a bridge that will endure as a testament to the superiority of the British civilization, especially since it will be built under such extreme circumstances.  He also feels that building a bridge of which they can be proud will boost the moral of the men while living under such oppressive conditions.<br />The psychological aspect of the film is fascinating.  Saito's personal sense of honor does not allow him to use the brutality necessary to coerce the prisoners into building the bridge properly.  Ironically, once he succumbs to defeat in the battle of wills against Nicholson, he gets everything he wants.  By losing, he actually wins.<br />David Lean's direction is outstanding, portraying the harshness of the prison camp without sacrificing the subtlety of the psychological aspect of the film.  Lean gives us enough character development to bind us to all the competing characters, making us sympathetic even to Saito, the camp commander.  <br />The acting in this film is superb.  Alec Guinness is magnificent as the idealistic and staunchly principled Colonel.  This was probably his best role in a stellar career.  William Holden is also terrific as the sardonic and cowardly sailor that fate continued to throw into situations that required him to become a reluctant hero.  Sessue Hayakawa delivers a masterful performance, as the hapless commander who succumbs to Nicholson's iron will.<br />The ending evokes conflicting emotions, as it is simultaneously ironic, triumphant and devastating.  At the end, the viewer is not sure whom to pull for since there is no neat way to resolve the collision of converging forces.  This makes the film even more interesting.<br />This film is a timeless classic.  I rated it a 10/10.  I'm looking forward to seeing it on the newly released DVD.
B000003489|3.0|A very famous album, but somehow it kind of bores me. There's alot of originals that have become standards, and for that reason alone it's worth getting to know, since it's always fun when you hear someone else play a song you know. But as I said, it's not one of my favorites. Don't get me wrong, it's a decent album. Naima is wonderful, and there's plenty of strong tracks. <br />When I introduce this album to friends who know even less about jazz than me, it's not nearly as appealing to them as, say Kind of Blue or Ah-Um would be.
0790736233|5.0|while i'm not generally a fan of adaptions, this film is one of the few that manages to stand alone while keeping the message and spirit of the original work intact.  one of the smartest and most spiritual films of the genre, this is a movie that even those who aren't necessarily fans of sci-fi can enjoy.  jodie foster is absolutely luminous in the central role of dr. ellie arroway - a woman driven to find intelligent life in outer space.  as the movie unfolds, we learn where that goal and that drive come from.  matthew mc conaughey is suprisingly strong as reverend palmer joss, a man intent on helping others findfaith in a society that worships technology.  the supporting players are also exceptional -- particularly william fichtner as a blind colleague of dr. arroway's, and the constantly underrated david morse as her father, the man who fostered her quest.  even tom skerritt stops chewing scenery long enough to turn in a good performance. contact is moving, thought-provoking, and entertaining, as well as visually stunning from first frame to last, and stays with the viewer long after the credits have rolled.
B00001OH1S|5.0|Great soundtrack for dinner or for just listening.  Good music from a great movie.
B00004XOWM|1.0|God I'm so damn sick of hearing Fred Durst's annoying, whiney voice and the rest of Limp Bizkit for that matter. I think they wrote these songs in five minutes in hopes of getting fifteen buck out of a bunch of middle schoolers, who would listen to John Denver if it was played on TRL. This album is so stupid and every single song sounds the same. Mabye if these guys sat down and gave their songs some thought, insted of saying the f-word every two seconds, they could write something that has some meaning and sounds halfway intellegent. The only song that sounds different from the rest is &quot;Take a look around&quot;. I loved Limp Bizkit on three dollar bill, but now I can't even stand hearing the words &quot;Limp Bizkit&quot;. And just like the review above mine, what's up with Fred putting down Trent Reznor and the Nine Inch Nails. Trent will be making music long after Limp Bizkit has gone bankrupt and nobody remembers them. Sorry L.B. but you also lost another fan.
6302732875|5.0|There's not a wasted moment in this film of David Mamet's classic modern American tragedy about capitalism at it's most rabid. Set, where else?, in a Real Estate office, it is one of the best filmed plays of modern American life. BOYS IN THE BAND is another drama that is worth looking up. The poetic music of Mr Mamet's writing is retained intact and continues to glow and resonate through the superb work of the great acting led by Mr Pacino and Mr Lemmon. A film to return to over and over. The superbly ironic rendition of Mr Jarreau's singing of Blue Skies as the credits run at the close of the film still echoes in my mind. Quite a moving and resonant work of art. A document worth owning.
B00004XOWM|1.0|...I'm so...sick of hearing Fred Durst's annoying, whiney voiceand the rest of Limp Bizkit for that matter. I think they wrote these songs in five minutes in hopes of getting fifteen buck out of a bunch of middle schoolers, who would listen to John Denver if it was played on TRL. This album is so stupid and every single song sounds the same. Mabye if these guys sat down and gave their songs some thought, insted of [usingprofanity] every two seconds, they could write something that has some meaning and sounds halfway intellegent. The only song that sounds different from the rest is &quot;Take a look around&quot;. I loved Limp Bizkit on three dollar bill, but now I can't even stand hearing the words &quot;Limp Bizkit&quot;. And just like the review above mine, what's up with Fred putting down Trent Reznor and the Nine Inch Nails. Trent will be making music long after Limp Bizkit has gone bankrupt and nobody remembers them. Sorry L.B. but you also lost another fan.
B00003CWTI|4.0|If you like P.T. Anderson's style in &quot;Boogie Nights&quot; you will surely like &quot;Magnolia&quot; as well. Yes, it's a long movie, but it is put together well; with great symbolism and meaning. Granted the story line is a tad unrealistic, but it makes it nonetheless enjoyable. This 2 disc DVD is a nice set, with a bunch of extras including trailers, missing scenes and some interview stuff as well. It's worth picking up just for Tom Cruise's performance!!!
020530902X|5.0|I've noticed a number of pseudo-intellectuals here complaining about ``The Elements of Style'' based mostly on the fact that is pedantic and restrictive.  Obviously these people have neither read the definition of ``element'' nor studied art.<br /> These are the basic rules, one half-step above grammar, that should be followed by al people that need to make themselves definitively understood through written communication.  It is more than obvious that far too many people have gone through their lives without ever having been exposed to the simple, basic rules presented in this book.  How many times have you seen a sign that claims ``Egg's $2.00''?  I often wonder why I should care about how much money some guy named Egg has.  The majority of the rules that proposed by Mr. Strunk are not pedantic, but simply the basic rules of the English language.  There are also other rules that are excellent for straightforward making-yourself-understood writing.  These are much more flexible, a point often made in the book by the authors.  However, if you don't know what you're doing, these rules are much better to follow than the rules apparently made up on the spot by most uninformed writers.<br /> The vague point that some of these pseudo-intellectuals seem to make is that writing this way is very limiting.  However, the point of the book, and of rules in general, is to be limiting.  If one is striving to make art, one needs to intentionally break rules.  However, it is difficult to break rules if one does not know what they are.  There is certainly an element of art that discounts rules altogether, but those artists tend not to work in the element of writing at all.  It is difficult at best to convey this sort of mindset through words, as words are very definitive and that sort of art is almost totally expressionist.<br /> In other words, I would encourage everyone to read this book, or in some way get these basic rules of English in his head.  ...
0553277472|1.0|My dad encouraged me to read this book, and he had a free copy so I thought what the hell.  I had a job at a coffee shop at the time and during down time I would read a few pages.  Man, everyone has heard of this book.  You don't know how many people came into the store and saw it sitting there and mentioned what a great book it was, I asked everyone of them if they personally read it and I can remember them all saying &quot;Uh, well I heard it was good from a friend&quot;.  Anyway, save your hard earned cash and buy a motorcycle manual or something this is the most boring  book I've ever read.  There's not a hint of inspired writing or insight here, then again I should have known better my dad reads books on playing chess.
B00003CXDG|5.0|I believe that you should set your mindframe to the movie you are going to watch.  For example, you shouldn't start watching M:I-2 (which looks like some horrible emoticon experiment gone awry) expecting Oscar-caliber performances...unless the Oscar is for overly-exuberant use of pigeons and slow-mo.  Go in expecting to be taken on a great ride, which is what it does...quite effectively.  If you wanted to exercise your brain, try explaining how the 6-foot-something Dougray Scott can pass as a 5'9&quot; Tom Cruise.  See what I mean?  So just sit back and enjoy.<br />The plot of this movie is much less convoluted than the original, which makes it easier to enjoy.  I wasn't missing half the movie trying to figure out the imponderables like I was in the first one (Is that chick from Emmanuelle going to get nekkid?  I wonder what that stick of gum tastes like??)  This is an old-fashioned spy movie.  Minus most of the gadgets.  This one ended with a stronger feeling of finality, unlike the first one, which kind of left the door open for a reunion between Ethan and Luther.  I liked that maybe Ethan is off on a permanent vacation.  Lord knows he's earned it.<br />Now for the disc itself:  There are three or four behind the scenes vignettes all based around how they did the stunts.  Not too much about the story, cast special effects in these BTS shorts.  This is no mistake.  Word is that the action scenes in this movie were written first, and the story evolved around the action.  Ironically, George Lucas was playing skee-ball one day and had an idea for the Death Star chase sequence.  The rest is history...<br />One of the funnier shorts I have seen on a DVD is Mission:Improbable from the MTV Movie Awards.  In it, Ben Stiller plays Tom Cruise's stunt double/stalker.  I'm a huge fan of Ben Stiller, and to see him send up Tom Cruise, with the help of Tom Cruise and John Woo, was in itself worth the purchase.  The commentary is a little thin, and I would have liked to hear whatTom was thinking during the filming.  But, on the bright side, the disc does include the video for Metallica's &quot;I Disappear&quot;.  The disc should have included the video for Limp Bizkit's &quot;Take a Look Around&quot;, since it wasn't released here in the states.  I have seen the video via newsgroups, and it would have made a nice little bonus addition.<br />After all is said and done, the question arises:  Should I buy this DVD?  The answer: yes.  Whether you are a viewer that watches all the content on a disc, or if you simply pop it in and watch the movie, this disc will entertain you.  Have we evolved so much as a society that motorcycle chases, explosions and beautiful women are no longer enough to get us to watch a movie?
B00003CXBK|1.0|Everybody said that this would be the best anime film ever.  They were wrong.  I thought it was more of a &quot;chick flick&quot; than anything else.  I guess it was too built up for me.  I was expecting &quot;Akira&quot; or &quot;Fist of the North Star,&quot; but it was a far cry from either of those.  It was lame.
B00003CX7L|5.0|Toy Story 2 is one of the best animated movies in a while! It is better than the original because it has a more fun plot. I also liked the new characters, like Jessie, Bulls-eye, Mrs. Potato Head, and the Prospector. The out-takes at the end were hilarious! My whole family loved this movie and I think you will too. Toy Story 2 is excellent! I hope you have enjoyed my review.
B00003CXDG|4.0|Although this film has recived alot of negative reviews and bad publicity, I think the film is widely misunderstood. Some people have said Mission Impossibe 2 is a &quot;recycled and predictible movie&quot; and that stunts are so unrealistic that it is almost comical. However, besides the sometimes cheesy dialogue, I know no other movie that packs as much action as MI2 does. You can hang with Cruise on high cliff walls, drive fast cars on winding mountain roads, or dodge bullets in a high speed motorcycle chase. If a dramatic film is what you want, then you better look elsewhere.In my opinion, MI2 will deliver the most fire, explosions, and high speed thrills your money can buy.
0141304642|5.0|I loved this book very much.  My kids loved it also, and it gave me a great sense of what imagination Roald Dahl has.  I loved this book so much that I decided to name my band after it.  We were the Merchants before, but now we are Esio Trot.  Thanks Roald!  Wherever you are.
0441003257|5.0|I decided to read this book after finishing 2 of Terry Pratchett's others books, Interesting Times and Feet of Clay, which were both great reads. I needed more of his hilarious writing style, so after hearing great reviews, I went out and got this, in my words, masterpiece. Even though I had never heard of Neil Gaiman, the co-writer of the book, I thought I might as well give it a try. I thoroughly enjoyed every moment as I devoured this superb &quot;laugh-out-loud&quot; (tragicomic?) book. Pratchett's and Gaiman's twisted humor really appealed to me as being remarkably funny.<br />The story begins with the misplacement of the Antichrist by a satanic nun, Sister Mary Loquacious of the Chattering order. <br />Warlock, the false Antichrist, gets raised by demons from hell to become the one who brings about the Apocalypse, and the great war between Heaven and Hell.<br />Crowley, the representative of Hell and Aziraphale, the representative of Heaven after many years of knowing each other, since the beginning of time, form a strong, yet awkward at times kind of relationship. Together they work to make life as good as it could be for them on Earth, and they don't want things to change..<br />Newt and Anethema, the witchfinder and the witch, are out to interpret the prophecies of Anethema's Great-great-great-great Grandmother Agnes Nutter, from her book, The wise and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter. When they figure out her prophecy about the Apocalypse, they get entwined into the quest to protect the Earth and all its people from destruction.<br />And finally there is Adam Young. He is a boy who lives in Tadfield England and when he is old enough will probably, well according to the prophecies, bring about the end. Together with the Them, the gang of 4 friends (including himself) that ultimately must try to fight Adams deep instinct to achieve what he was made for, and save the world.<br />After Adam reeks a Nuclear Assult on the world using a super computer at an airbase, the several groups come together to save themselves as well as the rest of the world. <br />When the impossible seems to be accomplished the characters as well as the readers that maybe their really isn't such a thing as faith, or that maybe that everything that happened, as unlikely as it may be is all part of the Ineffable Plan.<br />If you have not read this book yet than you should definitely go out and read Good Omens.
0553106635|5.0|The twists in the plot are truly serpentine in the third volume of A Song of Ice and Fire. Like a soap opera, the schemes, plots, and turns of fate are unpredictable and unending, but never disappointing. The character development continues to draw the reader deeper into the story. When you put this book down, you will feel as if you have left the world of Westeros.
B0000027I6|5.0|This is without a doubt, Roger Waters' best solo album to date. It is incredibly dark and depressing, the music is vast and lush, and the lyric content is out of this world.  The albums theme is based on the dehuminazation of society caused by the media, but more generally, television.  The What God Wants Trilogy is a satire of peoples beliefs of what God wants.  Perfect Sense saterizes war as sport for dollars and cents, and It's a Miracle's content is chalked full of irony, hypocracy, and satire. Roger really pulled out all the stops on this record. The album is very long, but is never boring. After several listens you really start to question your beliefs and views on humanity. The album is that powerful!!  Roger, and Madonna producer extrodenaire Pat Leonard, produce this record with love and care, so that every note is heard when it should be. Roger musically plays less than on past albums, but did compose all the lyrics and music himself. Jeff Beck lends extrodinary guitar licks that, I think are comparable to the Gilmour greatness we all love.  That said, the album is not for everyone. If you don't like Pink Floyd, you most assuradley will feel the same about this album, but, to those who look for meaning and worth in their music, there is no better album than Amused to Death!
0788815490|5.0|I generally find Henry James' novels much too impenetrable to read.  Thus, I've found myself relying on the film versions of his works instead.  His work reaches its finest hour in this adaptation of his novel of the same name.  I am glued to my seat every time I watch this for it is a fabulous love triangle beautifully played by all three leads.  The leading man, Linus Roache, is my favorite actor in this film.  He is perfect with both women plus you really feel for his predicament. He also is the most conflicted character. Helena Bonham Carter plays the woman he is in love with but, because he has no money, she sends him to Venice to captivate a rich, dying young woman, Milly, so that Milly will leave him her fortune. In the last scenes of the movies, Roache captures facial expressions of this man's conflicts that are sheer perfection.  I want to see much more of Roache on the screen but he has not played that many roles as yet.  Bonham Carter and the actress who plays Milly are also quite splendid. I can't think of anything negative to say about this film.<br /><br />Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.
B000002HAF|5.0|Yes, everything you've heard about this album is true: it's beautiful, it's ugly, it's disturbing, it's fun, it's wholly original. Yet nobody seems to mention one all-important, totally overlooked aspect of the Pixie's sound: Joey Santiago's lead guitar. Where the hell did this guy learn to play? He sounds like Robert Quine's retarded 3rd cousin, and I mean that as the highest compliment! <br />Buy this album. Listen to it. And listen to the lead guitar. Nobody plays guitar like that. It is one of the most singularly unique aspects of a singularly unique band. And this album may be their finest moment!
0446608955|5.0|As I was reading these reviews, I wondered if I had read a different ending than everyone else.  I thought the book was a powerful, sweet love story and a very good read.  I finished the book in 1 day.  Yes, it is predictable.  No, it will not go down in history as a literary masterpiece.  But it is a very heartwarming, often funny and tearjerking tale of two teenagers.  Personally, this is the kind of book that I enjoy reading on a cold rainy or snowy day.  I titled my review as I did because I too have been wondering about the ending.
0385484518|5.0|&quot;The Mirror of Life&quot;.  I called  this because &quot;Tuesday with   Morrie&quot; was excellent. This book made a terrific change in my life and  in my thoughts .&quot;Devote your self and devote to community&quot; .That is true and real. For the reason I take a decision to be a  Voluntary in the Hospital. Many senior need love and time to be listened. This story made a big change on my life .I want  to learn to forgiveness  others. I think if you doing all things with love you always wins. definitely I  recommend  this book if you  apply everything to your life you could be happy. <br />Thank you ,Morrie  and Mitch.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Back in the late 50's and early 60's Hollywood tended to churn out one major epic per year. Usually they were historically based pieces and often featured Charlton Heston in the starring role. <br />To his credit Ridley Scott has taken the simplest of stories and, aided by modern technology, has produced a thundering good movie in the best tradition of Ben Hur.<br />It is a long time since moviemakers visited this genre but it has been worth the wait.<br />If the box office success is any guide then, quite clearly, the events portrayed in the movie have not lost their appeal. We may lay claim to civilization but find the prospect of recreational bloodletting just as appealing as 'the mob' which frequented the Circus Maximus.<br />The serial killer is dead! Long live the gladiator!
B00003CXE7|5.0|For starters, I loved the movie when it was in theaters so it should be no surprise that I love the DVD.  The opening battle scene is phenominal and the transfer to DVD is amazing.  From the dark opening scenes in Germania to the beauty of the city of Rome--the cinematography is breathtaking.  Russel Crowe is perfect as Maximus, he is a great actor in a career defining role.  While he kicked but and took names in L.A. Confidential, he simply annihilates everything in his path as Maximus; while earning the respect of his soldiers as a general and peers as a slave turned gladiator turned hero.<br />Joaquin Phoniex did a fine job as the revolting Caesar who cries and whines for respect he does not deserve.  All of the actors were great and the film from beginning to end is truly a masterpiece of modern filmmaking.  The spiritual framing sequences of Maximus in the the wheat (?) were a nice touch as well.  The only thing holding back from a 5 stars is the movie was a little slow at times.<br />An adrenaline pumping heart wrenching story.  If you own a DVD player, buy this DVD.  If you don't own a DVD Player-buy one just so you can appreciate this amazing DVD.
B000051VWW|4.0|I bought this album over the weekend and am thoroughly pleased at how each song flows to the next.  I have always come to depend on Sade to maintain her individuality. Although it has been a long wait, it was well worth it. My personal favorite is &quot;Lovers Rock.&quot;
0140042520|2.0|I'm amazed at how many people find the Dharma Bums worth reading. It's Kerouac at his flattest. The sentences lack his usual energy and lyrical beauty, there is virtually no action and the Buddhist philosophy feels pasted on and contrived. This is definitely not a Kerouac book to recommend. Readers would to better to pick up a copy of Desolation Angels or (excepting the 140 pages of transcribed conversation in the middle) Visions of Cody. If you've already read lots of Kerouac and you want to move on to a modern counterpart, pick up Vincent Czyz's Adrift in a Vanishing City ... lyrical, experimental, hot-house writing that takes a quick-talkin drifter out of his native Kansas as far afield as Berlin, Mexico City and Paris. And through it all, he  never loses his vernacular, even when waxin metaphysical. You might also try sliding over to Henry Miller ... not Tropic of Cancer, which is his most popular, but Sexus, which is far better written.
B00003CXDG|5.0|This movie is great I loved it Tom Cruise was great in it all the shooting and kicking overall i loved it the BEST buy it fast or see it on DVD and VHS.
B0000508U6|5.0|I don't know why ppl keep comparing 'em to radiohead. The 2 bands are so different. Is it cos' they're both from the UK? Anyway, I really like this album very much cos' the music is great. When I listen to the CD, I don't skip tracks cos' everything's good. The lyrics are thoughtful (which is a great thing cos' many bands are too bothered with catchy tunes to come up with sensible lyrics) and the songs just sound better and better. Definitely the best album I've bought so far.
B00003CXDV|4.0|I saw this movie a long time ago it is a comedy ill tell you that.It was a ok plot just it was overall plan funny thats all buy it or go see it!
0380788624|5.0|Cryptonomicon <br />In Cryptonomicon, Stephenson uses his usual style of over-production and explanation of everything from the cracking of the Nazi Enigma machine down to a man shaving his beard for the first time in several years.  This style can be very monotonous, and sometimes seems to serve no real purpose; but this also gives the reader a great amount of detail and background on important ideas in the book that may or may not be familiar to them.  So at times it is annoying, and other times it is very helpful.  Stephenson does an excellent job of explaining everything in detail, but sometimes he goes a little far and what may have been quite interesting at first, becomes monotonous and quickly falls out of the reader's attention. <br />This novel is quite different from other cyberpunk or Neal Stephenson novels I have encountered.  Instead of being set in the future with all kinds of funky new technology being exploited at every turn, this is set in a dual time period of the 1940's and the present day.  The two time periods become very important to each other later in the book.  At first, however, it would seem that the only link between the two time periods was the family names and the places the novel is set in. <br />This book describes major events of World War II and involves several key individuals of that time, and their roles in the war.  In the present day we suddenly come across descendents of the main characters in the war era.  These individuals get to know each other and form a company in the same area where one of their ancestors fought.  These persons then begin to seek out their ancestors, which ties the two time periods together quite well and makes for a quite interesting plot. <br />Cryptonomicon is very involving and makes great use of two separate story lines at once.  It is quite lengthy, but if that does not bother you, then I would say that this is an excellent choice.
630575067X|5.0|This movie is the best i love all the star wars there all great (THE BEST) movie if your thinking of buying it buy it now or if you are thinking of seeing it go see it its one of the best star wars ever!
0380778556|5.0|I find this novel  a very exciting story. It's a love story and a little thriller too. The beginning is also the end of the book and that's very well made. It's not to difficult to understand and so it's fun and amusing to read.
B00004RHZU|4.0|If you buy this album you will be forced to listen to it over and over and over again. It is that good. Songs 1 - 6 are my favorite, same with 9 and 10. I'm really feeling P!NK. I hope her second CD is out soon.
B00000K3UU|2.0|Who's idea was this? This movie is almost as bad as the Wedding Singer. The idea of Adam Sandler being a father at all, never mind a good father, is extremely absurd. Adam Sandler would probably show the same parenting skills in real life as he did in the first half of the movie. I wouldn't approve of a kid having a big neon sign in his room that says &quot;LIVE NUDES&quot;, especially one at that age. I wouldn't want my kid to trip rollerbladers that go really fast. It would be funny, but I wouldn't want my kid dripping spit out of his mouth and slurping it back up. And I especially would NEVER allow him to become the smelly kid in school...that is just disgusting; every kid needs to take a bath, because even Adam Sandler himself wouldn't want to smell that kid every day, and each day, it gets worse and worse until you have to get him into a headlock to take a bath, but you're hesitant to do it because he hasn't bathed in three months and you don't want to smell yourself. All this movie shows is poor parenting skills, and absurd jokes about Hooters and &quot;old balls&quot; in front of five year olds. Even though the idea is interesting, it just isn't funny. If you want something good from Adam Sandler, look for Happy Gilmore.
6305014140|5.0|This is one of the great advantages to owning japanese anime on DVD. For one, you can get maximum clarity in your image. Also, you can watch the film in english, get the authenticity of japanese W/ english subtitles, or you can see it in other languages (none of which I can remember or even watch). But most importantly, this is one of the greatest animes (in my opinion). This movie has tons of action, a great storyline, and awsome characters and character development. If you have the money, this DVD is a definite MUST!
B00001NFCY|1.0|I swear, this CD is awful. If I hear With Arms Wide Open one more time, I'm going to pull my hair out. It's bands like this that have great talent but waste it on producing mellow songs with no moral. All the lyrics are exactly the same, and are boring. Scott Stapp has no anger within him, all he is is just a pitiful excuse for a rock singer. He should appear in a Dido CD or something, because all they sing about is happy things. Also, they rruse the same tunes. Beautiful and Say I, placed back to back, is the EXACT same song with different lyrics for each one! Also, they never start off into the &quot;rock&quot; immeadiately. They always dawdle with Mark's guitar for about half a minute, then start, but they get lame and downright sorry once the words start up, because the lyrics are all about happy things, and not a member of this band knows how to rock. Forget all about Creed and pop in a good Korn CD...you'll feel better.
B00004XOWM|1.0|It galls me to see so many sheep buying this group's records. Fred Durst is a trend-following fool whose music is just Britney for people who hate the image behind Britney's records. Nothing wrong with writing pop songs, but everything is wrong with just playing Metallica style riffs badly, adding some of the self-appreciation of rap, and throwing it all into an MTV-ready mess. Songs like Boiler, The One and My Generation are just an insult to truly gifted rock bands who are getting crushed underfoot by scenesters. Blease check out soem Guns 'N' Roses, Metallica or even Slipknot before saying this is good.
B00004XQP4|4.0|Warning is not punk. But who is surprised? It is a decace since their debut and 6 years since Dookie gave them their mainstream breakthrough. All three band members are now married, Billie-Joe has 2 kids, so who can blame them for not thrashing their guitars around and singing about teenage boredom, being stoned and S&amp;M? Insomniac still remains my favourite Green Day record but this is good as well. <br />Songs like Fashion Victim and Minority have good messages which are not only humourous but also meaningful and show creative depth, while Misery shows a willingness to explore new sounds. Something not all the fans who got into this scene as 14 year olds looking to be 'cool' and find something good on MTV are willing to do. Blood Sex 'n' Booze is the one all-out rocker, but I bet many of you who've moaned here loved When I Come Around, She and Redundant. None of those are punk. Green Day are now a wiser and maturer group, not neccessarily better but at least this is true to them, instead of some lazy clone. I thought the point of being a punk is being genuine. Apparently it is in fact to follow some stereotypes. Open your minds, people.
B00004RFCM|5.0|Sarah and the Cast are more than great.... it is funny, and interesting.... it makes you think, laugh, and wonder about different issues...especially if you live in a big city like Manhattan. It's worth the money. Get it you won't regret it.
B00003CXE7|4.0|Ridley Scott is one of my favorite directors and does not disappoint with this movie.  Russell Crowe is the hero in the story of Maximus, a former Roman general who seeks revenge and redemption for Rome.<br />The characters are pretty broad, but the cast is enjoyable to watch.  Joaquin Phoenix chews plenty of scenery (&quot;I am vexed.&quot;) but gives a twisted, juicy portrayal of Commodus, the ruler of Rome.  <br />The disc is a good value, with the commentary track by Ridley Scott and others being worth the price of admission.  The transfer is pristine and the Dolby Digital 5.1 soundtrack will rock the house.  The battle and arena scenes are spectacular.<br />Enjoy this one with plenty of popcorn.
0425170349|1.0|It seems Clancy is getting into his slump period, unless this book is written by his ghost writters. Clancy has written theose wonderful stories in his earlier books like &quot;red storm rising&quot;, &quot;cardinal of ....&quot; and etc...  This &quot;Rainbow 6&quot; makes Clancy fan ,like myself, wonder if this is the time to wander away from his new writings.<br /> This book is like a Elton John's &quot;Blue Moves&quot; album. <br />Ater those series of shining brilliant works, this book was giving signals that the talent of the writter is finally start showing the sign of waning.  My hunger and thirst to Clancuy's new books is drying up as well.  Unlike before, unfortunatly, the time has come that grabing his new books without consideration could be a total dissapointment.   I hope this is just a temporaly set back, and expect his come back with books with edges.
B0000507R0|4.0|Well,, When I first got this DVD, I only had a DVD player, so, it was 5.1 DD sound I could listen to, and,,,impression ?<br />For the first time, a &quot;surround mix&quot; of music really makes sence, other CD's and DTS recordings I've listen to have sounded &quot;silly&quot; more or less like sound effects for the sake of sound effects, not enhancing the music. But,, BSS which have cost my many hours, and probably, many girlfriends, was obviously intended for this from the beginning. I really, really recommned it to anyone, specially if you havent heard ELP before, this IS the way to do it, It's easier to follow, has a clearer separation of the sounds and instruments. And also, as a BIG bonus for me anyway, is the fact that the tapes used for this DVD is in many parts different from the usual CD. It's not a matter of sound only, its quite obvious from other &quot;takes&quot; that some of the material comes. Listen for instance to benny the b.., Lake sings the words with a completly different pronounciation (bad spelling=Im swedish).<br />So,, Now I also have received my DVD-audio player, and there comes the reason for giving it 4 stars instead off 5.  It's supposed to be both a 5.1 mix and a enhanced resolution stereomix on the DVD, well,, it isn't. I only managed to listen to 5.1 DD and 5.1 Dvd-Audio.....
B00003CXE7|2.0|I kept waiting for this movie to get better.  Alas.  Each chunky scene in this self-conscious, overweight &quot;virtual&quot; spectacle just sort of drops out of the sky, connected by only the thinnest conceit, to what precedes it and what comes after.  There's a feeling after a very short while into the film, that it might never end.  The screenplay, its characters, the actors who portray them are entirely gratuitous, and serve no purpose than to justify the choreographed violence that takes up two thirds of this very long film.  This is a movie that Ridley Scott made because he could, not because he should.  The whole thing seems designed merely to show off the (art) director's flamboyant, and shamelessly artificial vision of a high-tech antiquity.  The plot is nonsense.  Why is our hero allowed to live past the first thirty minutes of this movie, for example?  The digitalized cinematography is gaudy and overwrought.  The actors are boring and the dialog is stiff where it's not plain cheesy.  I bought this movie.  I don't recommend even renting it.
B000003TAW|5.0|When I first got this cd I didnt listen to it until a couple of weeks after I bought it. All I have to say is that Weezer is one of the best rock groups. This album is great. My favorite song is Undone - The Sweater Song. And the other songs are good too. So in my opinion I would get this cd.
B000022TSY|1.0|Easy Rider's reputation as a classic doesn't resonate with me.  Simply put, the film is boring.  Most of it is little more than endless shots of the cast riding their motorcyles, and equally endless scenics rolling by.  There isn't much dialogue, and each scene is very disconnected from the next.  We get hardly any sense of who the characters are and why they are acting the way they are.  Different themes in the film - freedom, prejudice, community, and hypocrisy - are tossed around aimlessly, with no sense of cohesion, making the viewer wonder just what the film's point is (when he isn't yawning).  A classic it may be to some viewers, but to this one it is just a giant snooze.
0385421982|4.0|This was a good book. It was very suspenseful and fun for me to read. I have read some of John Grisham's other books and I think he has a knack for writing dialogue. I thought the dialogue in his later books was better than the Pelican Brief, but it was still good in this book.  The story of the Pelican Brief was very well thought up and interesting. It was a fast-paced story about a law student who's written a brief on her theory about the deaths of two supreme court justices. After surviving a car bomb that killed her boyfriend and law professor, Thomas Callahan, she disappears in an effort to survive the spies and agents sent after her by the US government. When she meets reporter Gray Grantham, I was sort of relieved because starts associating with people in the book who end up dying. Gray Grantham didn't seem like he was going to die, at least until he'd done something very helpful for Darby Shaw, the main character.  I admire Darby Shaw for her bravery and determination in completing the brief as well as staying alive. Her character was a good part of the book. She was smart, cunning, and, as it was written, very attractive at the same time. She's also vulnerable, but strong enough not to let it ruin herself. This book has inspired me to write and think nothing of what people might say, but what I will force them to think about afterwards.  I though this book was good over all. There are some places where the writing in slightly awkward. The book also starts off fairly slow, but then speeds up and becomes hard to put downwhich is very impressive considering that I don't read much at all. I'd recommend this book to people who are interested in in politics and definitely those who are interested in law.
0380729407|1.0|This book is a waste of your time and I think it's crazy!
B00002ZMNV|5.0|Though the technical specs of this dvd say it has only 2.0 audio, it does have 5.1 band and symphony audio.  The &quot;just band&quot; and &quot;just symphony&quot; are in 2.0, it also has a band and symphony 2.0 format.  The dvd has some other neat functions.  On 4 of the songs you have 5 camera angles to choose from: the whole band (each has an equal ammount of time on the screen), just james, just kirk, just jason, or just lars.  This function is especiall cool if you play guitar, drums, or bass so you can see what they are playing.  I like to watch Kirk solo, since I play guitar.  The picture quality is crisp 'n clear.  It also has behind the scenes footage which is interesting to watch, you get the feel that you are chilling with the band.  If you are a metallica fan that is open to all or most styles of music, I highly recommend this dvd.  DOLBY DIGITAL ROCKS!!!
B00003CXE7|5.0|This is a wonderful movie that is definately headed for the oscars.  The acting is excellent, the plot and story is breathtaking, the scenery and just the way it was made was something that you just can not miss. The extra DVD with speacial feature's is also really cool.  And for those of you worried about the violence just know if you can handle some of the gory episodes of the x-files you can handle this easy.
B0000025H0|5.0|SANTANAS BEST FOR MY MONEY. A GREAT COMBINATION OF ROCK,JAZZ,AND R&amp;B.  NOT A BAD CUT ON ALBUM. EXCELLENT BAND AND VOCALS ESPECIALLY ON BASS. GREAT BASS SOLO ON STAND BACK! THIS ALBUM IS WORTH EVERY CENT. BUY IT AND ENJOY!
B000002HJD|5.0|If you like the Doors that's cool but that's NOT what this album is about. This recording is poetry, Jim's poetry at it's best. Jim Morrison stands alone as the god of the written word. I have never read or heard for that matter anything that makes me as emotional in both good and bad ways as Jim's words.<br />If you are a Doors music fan, this recording is not for you. If you are an adoring fan of Jim Morrison's writings then this is an absolute necessity for you.
B0000033IS|5.0|This might just be the best Aretha disc you can get.  Simply brilliant- if you like her at all, you will love this disc.
B00004XOWM|5.0|I don't know what the other people though when they heard it but I think this is a GREAT album.  &quot;Take a Look Around&quot; and &quot;Rollin'&quot; are awesome, as are &quot;Full Nelson&quot; and &quot;My Generation&quot;.  Definitly worth your money!
B00004WIBW|4.0|I rate this 4 stars because sometimes inthe movie,they don't explain things till way later in the movie,like the Evil Eye.It is funny when they are telling the tale of the Headless Horseman and how he bacame &quot;headless&quot; because he was hideing in the woods and found two little girls there and said, &quot;Shhh.&quot; And  one girl who had a single stick in her hand broke it in half and the shoilders found him and killed him.It is also romantic and you think you know who is controling old Headless,but it's someone else.Very very good movie.It's now my favorite!
B00000JCB2|5.0|This is an amazingly well done CD.  The cover and Intro are very well done, although the thanks are quite hard to read.  &quot;Nookie&quot; &quot;9 Teen 90 Nine&quot; and &quot;N 2 Gether now&quot; are great songs.  &quot;Re-arranged&quot; is also very well done.  I didn't like &quot;Don't go off Wandering&quot; but in general it is a great CD!  You definitly get your money's worth with this CD from Limp Bizkit
B000002AP1|4.0|This is one loud and raucous CD.  It will turn your face inside out.  And you will love it.  Especially good are the first three tracks.  Normally my music tastes are a little less frightening, but &quot;Raw Power&quot; is just irresistible.
B00004Z4WR|4.0|Ok...so the movie gods gave it a thumbs down, but they have been wrong before! I thought it was great movie. The cars are unreal, and are a must see for any true car lover!
0812580346|4.0|Very thought-provoking and intriguing intellectually, but there is not a driving pace to this. The science fiction aspect is the actual &quot;flashforward&quot;: a view that the world gets of its own future twenty years in advance due to a science experiment gone awry under very particular circumstances. Of course, once the rats realize that they are in a maze, things happen...  I really liked this book, but even though it has &quot;hard&quot; sci-fi at its heart, the author spends much of the story exploring individual reactions to the &quot;flash&quot; and how they live their lives after the fateful glimpse. This is a very engaging premise but is not for riveting action sequence-lovers.
B000053GTK|5.0|I was first turned on to Gentle Giant by my friend Boone about 1987.  My first taste of Giant was In a Glass House.  I was hitherto and previously a fan of progressive rock, with groups such as Yes, ELP, Jethro Tull, and the Beatles,being my favorites.  Gentle Giant took me completely by surprise, and off guard.  I liked the music, but wasn't quite sure at first.  The changes in the music and the odd time signatures took me completely by surprise!  After the second listening, I was completely hooked.<br />I also found it very unfortunate that very few people have ever heard of Gentle Giant.  To me, they are right up there with Tull, Yes, and ELP as the &quot;GIANTS&quot; of progressive rock!  I'm glad to see this come to CD finally...it will be a welcome replacement to my bacon frying LP, that also has skips in it!  LOL<br />So, again, if you want one of the definitive Gentle Giant recordings, get this one!<br />-JZ
1878424114|5.0|This is an excellent book.  Everything he writes about makes since and it's up to you to put into your life.  The quote, &quot;The past is history, the future is a mystery, and the present is exactly that, 'the present'&quot;.  Excellent, take everyday nice and slow and enjoy it and don't be a judge.  Enjoy your silence and enjoy the silence in nature.  It's wonderful I can not tell you enough about this book.  Good Luck !!
0446677450|4.0|I read his Rich Dad series out of order so maybe I got spoiled by &quot;Cashflow Quadrant.&quot;  If I had read the original R/D, P/D first I might have another opinion.  But if you want to cut to the chase, just read his book, &quot;Cashflow Quadrant,&quot; and you'll get the gyst of what he's trying to get across.  I found it the most motivating and informative of the trilogy.  <br />Avoid his &quot;Guide to Investing&quot;; I found it a waist of time.  After all, how many times can he come up with those silly stories.  One book's all you need.<br />He shamelessly hammers home the Cashflow game series, too.  They sell at quite a premium I might add.  Haven't tried one yet, but I'm considering the Kids version for my daughter.  <br />All in all, he does a great job of letting people know that they don't need to be super smart to be super rich.  Just get up the guts to go out and do what it takes to get going and make your fortune.  <br />I hope this helps.
B000050XEI|2.0|Enya has explored new territory on each of her successive recordings. Likewise, each recording has borne the unmistakable hallmark of passion and power. This CD lacks both. Enya was never boring until this release, and it's not because we want someting radically new. She simply has failed to preserve her inner-delight on this CD, and believe me...human beings can tell when music is forced, or when an artist is boring themselves. Enya basically recycles all of her old tricks without bothering to recycle her conviction. I sensed the lack of verve in this CD after only a couple of songs. Her only triumph on this work is the 'Flora' song. This one piece leaves us with at least a thread of hope that she is not burned out entirely by her own mystique.
B00004U2HK|5.0|The Sound of Music, a true story based on a true family that became most popular family films of all time. Maria is a young lovely woman who leaves the convent to become a governess to seven unruly children of Captain von Trapp. Will Maria be able to capture the hearts of the children, and the Captain, maybe? What happenes when Maria is forced to leave Austria with her family during an escape from the Nazi? This is all-time favotite movie, featuring best-loved songs and sweet emotions. The perfect movie that every family should share! =)
6305095566|5.0|The Evil Dead is less of a hooror film and more of a horror/black comedy film. There isn't much to the plot. Five friends go out to a cabin in the wood and accidentally unleash a demon which posseses some of the friends. The movie is extremely violent, but other then that, it is a good time. It isn't really scary, besides a couple of scenes. The movie however is one of the most entertaining movies of all time. It can be watched over and over again. This is why it has such a cult following. One thing to note when you are watching this movie; don't take it to seriously. It isn't meant to be taken seriously. This is evident by the sequel, which is much more of a black comedy and the third one, which I would probably call a black comedy. All three are great, but the first one is my favorite.<br />Evil Dead is more than just a personal favorite. If you ook at the movie critically, it is a great movie. Bruce Campbell's acting is great. It is supposed to be over the top. That is what makes his perfromance interesting, entertaining and memborable. Also, the camera angles in this movie influenced many movies. Very cool camera angles, make sure you take a look at them when you are watching the movie. If you like this movie, I would highly suggest seeing the two sequels. I haven't seen the DVD yet, but I will as soon as possible.
6305807086|5.0|This has got to be one of the strangest movies I have ever seen, and also one of the best.  The only word that will fully describe what this movie is, Beautiful.  The unique storyline, the hidden meanings and metaphoric elements, the puppetry...  Art, pure and simple.<br />Right up there with American Beauty and Fight Club as best movies of that year.<br />PS:  The the reviewer who refered to American Beauty as the &quot;so called academy winner&quot;...  ???  There's no &quot;so-called&quot; about it, it won several academy awards.  And it deserved every one.
B0000027RL|5.0|Pearl Jam's Ten is not the best album of the 90s. I'm not quite sure whati I think is. However, Ten would be in the top ten. What I said was that Ten is the definitive album of the 90s. No other rock and roll movement of the last ten years was bigger and more important than the coming of the grunge/alternative rock, whatever you want to call it. Bu tunlike many of the popular bands and songs of the 90s, Ten is true rock and roll. There have been many great rock groups of the last ten years, however not as many made it into the mainstream. In fact, Pearl Jam was so mainstream, they might be the biggest group of the 90s. I don't mean that there music was mainstream, but it became mainstream. It is an impressive thing to take anything alternative and make it mainstream. Pearl Jam did it beautifully. And yes, Pearl Jam wasn't alone. Nirvana rivals Pearl Jam as the biggest group of the 90s. I personally prefer Pearl Jam. I agree, it is arguable which of these two bands was/is more important. I say Pearl Jam, but I think that some one would be very justified to say Nirvana.<br />That is my opinion of the band. Now, the album. Ten, along with Nevermind, is the most important album of the last ten years. It will remain as one of the milestones of rock music. It will, along with Pearl Jam, be remembered for a long time. And it should be. As I said before, Ten is not the best/personal favorite album of the last ten years. However, it very well may be the greatest. There is a difference between best and greatest. It is also a truly great album. This album spawned Pearl Jam's biggest hits. These songs are Alive, Even Flow, and Jeremy. Anyone paying attention to music over the last ten years should know these three songs. There are eleven songs on this album. Six of them are incredible, and I do mean incredible songs. The other five are good to great. There isn't a weak cut on the album, but these six songs do standout over the others. These songs are Once, Even Flow, Alive, Black, Jeremy and Release. My personal favorite is near impossible to pick. <br />Ten is the album that introduced Pearl Jam to the world. Since this album is so good, Pearl Jam will never be forgotten. Eddie Vedder is one of the great frontmen of all time. Hopefully, within the next few years, a band like Pearl Jam will emerge. I don't mean musically, I mean a band that changes Rock and puts true rock and roll into the ears and minds of listeners, in the style of Chuck Berry, Elvis Presly, The Beatles, The Rolling Stones, The Who, Led Zeppelin, Lou Reed, Bruce Springsteen, The Clash, R.E.M., U2 and Neil Young. Pearl Jam did this. Who's Next?
6303369170|5.0|This is a great film. The cast is perfect, the story is strange, and for once I don't feel like slapping Jerry Lewis.  The ONLY thing wrong with this film is that it is NOT availible on DVD.
B000002KBH|5.0|I am not a huge Grateful Dead fan, I do, however, know great music when I hear it. True, The Dead were very much a live band, a legacy that is know being carried out by Phish. Like Phish, the Grateful Dead have had some great moments in the studio. American Beauty is ten great moments. All ten of these songs are incredible. Five of these songs are incredible. The other five are some of the best songs of the era and possibly the Dead's very best songs. These five are the elite dead songs, along with various songs from other albums. These five songs are Box Of Rain, Friend Of The Devil, Sugar Magnolia, Ripple, and Truckin'. Some argue that their previous album, Workingman's Dead, is their best. With songs like Casey Jones and Uncle John's Band, that person does have a case. But in my opinion, American Beauty surpasses the almost as great Workingman's Dead. This is the definitive Dead album. And without seeing them live or having great bootlegs of live shows, American Beauty is the best represantaition of the Grateful Dead, a band that will always be remembered, possibly more for their following then their music. This album, however, remains a ladmark in the years of The Grateful Dead and Roack and Roll.
0790734249|5.0|One of my favorite movies ever.  Who cares how much of Mozart's life was embellished or just plain fictionalized in &quot;Amadeus&quot;?  It introduced Mozart to thousands of people (the two soundtrack albums sold as if they were #1 pop hits).  Certainly, it helped fuel a Mozart revival and increase the number of his compositions in orchestra repertoires.  Bravo!<br />I will never forget how the entire audience, when I first saw &quot;Amadeus,&quot; sat quietly all the way through the final credits at the end of the movie.  And this was an audience in Dallas, full of teen-agers on a Saturday night.  No one moved until the last note sounded of the gorgeous &quot;Romanza&quot; movement from the D minor piano concerto.  What a tribute to Mozart's music.
0440180295|5.0|Kurt Vonnegut is one of the best and most original writers of the last fifty years. Slaughterhouse Five is Vonnegut's masterpiece. One note of advice. If you are a person who always reads the first page of a book before buying it, which often works, make sure that you read the first page of chapter two. Chapter one is an introduction tot he story, and although it is good, it doesn't hold a candle to the rest of the book. There are an infinite amount of discussions that this book can raise. Is Billy Pilgrim a Christ Figure? Is this an Anti War/Glacier book? Does Time exist? True, this book is very deep, especially if you analyis it exstenseively. The book, however, is extremely enjoyable. It is a short book and fairly easy to read. Do your self a favor and read this book. You might not like it, I admit it is not for everyone, but it has the potential of changing your way of thinking. In a good way.
B00004STPT|4.0|This score gets maximum points for drama and execution - it's uplifting, very emotional and extremely well done.  I think it's Lisa Gerrard's touch that really sets it apart from most other film scores today.  Still, that doesn't make it truly original.  Zimmer's parts are strongly reminiscent of the Planets (not just the obvious Mars passage, but the whole thing), and Gerrard's parts are not that different from most Dead Can Dance albums.  In fact, the final track sounds almost exactly like a Latin version of &quot;Song for the Siren&quot; from the first This Mortal Coil album.  I really recommend this soundtrack for DCD fans who want more of Lisa's voice, and it's great music to play while you write.
B00001NFCY|1.0|This album should not legally be for sale.  The tracks are so incredibly disgusting they force you to run to the bathroom.  I honestly almost threw up after hearing &quot;With Arms Wide Open&quot;.  i feel sorry for the members of the band excluding the lead singer.  I would be constantly nauseasous if I had to listen to a voice like that all the time.  Their songs are constantly played on the radio which makes them even more repulsive and the lyrics truly do not seem to make sense.  Please, take my advice, do not byut his album!
B00000J6AG|1.0|&quot;...they could grow grass on a...&quot; What? It says &quot;Read More&quot;....where is that?
0790736918|5.0|Since the inception of the Western movie, there has come a problem.  Of late, new westerns are for the most part nonexistent.  Why?  Becuase if one isn't careful, the Western can b degraded to a strictly by the numbers exercise.  More than any other film the Western is predictable.  So, someone decided that every Western needed a hook.  Be it a grand forest fire(like Last of the Cowboys) or a wild stampede(lik Snowy River) every Western needed a hook.<br />So, where's the hook in The Searchers?  The action sequences are well done, but they have been done before.  There is humor enough from characters like Ward Bond and Wayne's sidekick and his love life.  But the hook lies elsewhere.<br />Charactere development.  So simple, but sad to say, ignored for the most part by Western movie makers.  (Excepting Unforgiven, Sagecoach and a few other notables.)  Wayne gives the best performance of his life in this movie.  Ethan Edwards is by far one of th greatest characters to come out of the WEstern genre, ranked up there with Shane in my opinion.  An academy award was well deserved for Wayne.  The line,&quot;They ain't white,&quot; sends shivers down my spine every time I see it.  <br />The AFI says this is one of the best movies ever made, ranking it at number 95.  While we all may have various contentions with this list, this is one movie that has earned it's place.  Watch it today.  <br />Oh, but I'd save the documentary at the front for later, as it gives away the ending.
B00004XONN|3.0|First of all: I'm a big Radiohead fan. I recommended &quot;OK Computer&quot; to a number of people and increased the radiohead fanclub a LOT. I probably buyed &quot;Kid A&quot; the first hour it came out.<br />But I must say: This music doesn't touch me. I can't help. I listened to the album about 20 times, but I don't see through. Either it is simply not moving sound (as &quot;OK Computer&quot; or I just can't handle this music..<br />This music is much colder than &quot;OK Computer&quot; which has let my heart melt away..<BR> When I get home, I want a CD that simply enjoys me and doesn't causes any headache cause it is too difficult to understand. I enjoy &quot;OK computer&quot; far more than this album..
0440234743|4.0|The Testament is yet another classic: John Grishams novels hardly ever fail to impress (perhaps the possible exception being The Street Lawyer). The fact that the story has a number of characters, and a number of settings, from the everyday houses of the heirs to the very unique Pantanal in Brazil, calls for a very good imagination on the part of the reader. Nate O' Riley is very likable, and Grisham has once again proved that the protagonist need not be a perfect individual.<br />The ending is excellent. Unlike some readers, who suggest that Grishams endings tends to be rather flat, i personally believe that he is rather imaginative. He leaves the reader in suspense, giving him or her something to think about, even after the story itself is finished.<br />The Testament does drag a bit at times, and you want to skip a few pages to get to the interesting parts, but these occasions are rare, and the book is a great read.
B00004XONN|5.0|Okay, so a few people who claim to be die hard Radiohead fans did not like the album (although 95%, the ones to listen to, claim this album is brilliant).  What is most ridiculous is that a true Radiohead fan who has read the bands interviews understands their desire to bring us music &quot;out of the box&quot; instead of the same repeated sounds anyone can mimick with a half decent band. True musicianship of any kind dares to go out of bounds and deliver the listener to whole new realms.  Radiohead delivers!<br />So, either join the band in it's growth or hold on to old sounds that may be more &quot;comfy&quot;.<br />Bottom line is this album is a symphony of sounds displaying the bands new command of musical instruments, electronic sounds and excellent lyrics.  It's different, yes.  With Radiohead; that's always been the point!
B000051VWW|5.0|I've been a fan of Sade since Diamond Life, and her new CD rocks.  The tracks are a little more mellow than her last CD Love Deluxe, but her voice hasn't changed which is great.  My favorite track is By Your Side.  Whether you're a new fan or an old one you should add Lovers Rock to your collection.
0393316041|5.0|It is not often that you see a Nobel-winner physicist behaving the way Feynman did, with such humour mixed with an obviously enormous amount of knowledge. Feynman was no ordinary physicist and no ordinary citizen, a rebel who could not be forced to behave like many around him.<br />This is probably the first Feynman book you should read, and it is indeed a book that anyone interested in science with a touch of good humour MUST read.  While I am definitely not a fan of those \\"just read it\\" reviews, if you are still questioning if Feynman's thoughts are worth your money, I have to say \\"think no more, and go for it\\"<br />I strongly suggest getting \\"What do you care what other people think\\"? in the same amazon order so you can read it right after. It is a book which basically shares the same type of structure, but includes more thoughts on Feynman's youth, and a more emotional story about his first wife Arlene. Both titles are full of wisdom and fun. A good 3 rd title is \\"Most of the good stuff\\". It might be useful to mention that these titles often appear to have no chronological order, and the new Feynman reader might be left somewhat confused about when and why the events where happening. That is why you should also get the excellent biography of Feynman, \\"Genius\\",  by James Gleick, which will definitely solve that problem.<br />For those who are worried about any massive amount of math and physics, fear not. That is obviously part of Feynman's work, but it is not essential for the books I mentioned. (But it is true that knowledge of the 2 subjects will probably make some thoughts more understandable. When it comes to math I often know what Feynman is talking about, as I had several years of nasty math classes in college, but when he is lost in his world of high physics, I am often left scratching my head...)<br />Unique moments from the life of a unique man. Highly recommended!
0811826848|5.0|This book is worth so much more than it costs. Trust me, get it! If it's for a present, get it! You can't go wrong with this. I also suggest getting a plastic cover to protect the paper cover. I love the Beatles and I miss John. :(
0784011206|4.0|This first Rambo movie is actually pretty entertaining.  Rambo isn't the self-righteous hero as he is a lost soul, providing strong parallels to Frankenstein's Monster.  Those who have read Mary Shelley's novel may recall that the monster was given life but could not die.  This also seems to be Rambo's dilemma.  All of his friends have died, but even though he throughs himself off a cliff into some trees, he manages to escape with only a few injuries.  Rambo is a man looking for comfort who is misunderstood because of a monstrous appearance.  Col. Trautman fills the role of Dr. Frankenstein -- The first words out of his mouth are &quot;God didn't invent Rambo.  I did.&quot;  But unlike Dr. Frankenstein who abandoned his monster, Col. Trautman came to take responsibilty for his creation, to try to calm him down.<br />Now let me sing the praises of the commentary on this disk, given by author David Morrell. He never stops providing constant insight into comparing his book to the film, how the Rambo phenomena has influenced his life, an analysis of the character of Rambo as he is supposed to be representative of the Liberals (surprising as the sequels seemed to be more Republican in theme) and how the Rambo character ties into the Heroic cycle, praise of the music cues as well as certain action sequences.  He also talks about the movie cycle on the whole and how with each movie Rambo became more &amp; more invincible, and his knife got larger &amp; larger.  David Morrell's commentary is the best that I have encountered on any DVD anywhere.  Even those who hate the Rambo movies may find enjoyment in David Morrell's commentary.
B0000025DR|5.0|i have this album.and i wanted to spin it backward to see what the reverse message on fire on high says.it say &quot;the music is reversable and so is the time.TURN BACK TURN BACK TURN BACK
B00004T8RK|4.0|First of all, this album helped one of my dreams come true. Going on a world tour in support of their 2000 release, &quot;Binaural,&quot; I was finally able to see Pearl Jam live in concert. My biggest of thanks goes to the band.<br />My thanks also go to the band for continuing to create and play wonderful music, music that will stand the test of time. Granted, &quot;Binaural&quot; may not be their best album to date, but it is better than 99% of the other music released in our modern day.<br />It took several weeks for &quot;Binaural&quot; to fully grow on me. I'd listen to it, often only paying attention to such instantly likeable tracks such as &quot;Light Years,&quot; &quot;Nothing As It Seems,&quot; and &quot;Light Years,&quot; but then I'd put the CD back in my player and take another listen to other songs. I'd begin to pay better attention to &quot;Insignificance,&quot; &quot;Sleight Of Hand,&quot; and &quot;Parting Ways.&quot; In all honesty, there is not a bad song on this album. They are all quality and all worth listening to.<br />You will not find repeats of &quot;Alive&quot; or &quot;Jeremy&quot; or &quot;Daughter&quot; on &quot;Binaural;&quot; I am very happy about this. It proves Pearl Jam's ability to be a great band and create new music that is always worth putting back in the CD player for another spin.
0380973839|5.0|From the First Landing, to its abandoment, the story of Mankind and Mars is told in a collection of progressive short stories. Bradbury is a master storyteller, drawing the reader in, and weaving an intruiging and thought-provoking tale around him. More than just science fiction, the Martian Chronicles are a commentary on society as a whole, and the destructive course humankind sets for itself. If you are looking for a happy ending, or a light, fast read, then this is not the right book for you. If, however, you are looking for a story with meaning, told by an extremely talented writer, then I cannot recommend the Martian Chronicles more highly. A timeless classic, I would rank it among the best sci-fi's of all time.
B0000507R0|3.0|The sound quality on this DVD is 5 star quality and worth the money spent however, marketing this as a DVD and not having any moving video is mis-leading and therefore the grade of 3 stars.  This is purely an &quot;audio&quot; product and should be advertised as such.
0783226063|5.0|The plot may be hard to follow at times but this has been my favorite movie since the day a saw it... I'm 14 years old now and I was 13 when I first saw it. I understood just about everything. Maybe it's one of my many quirks that made me like this movie... After all, I'm a big fan of the corny 80's movie &quot;Tron.&quot; Considering the year in which this was made, the special effects are pretty good. The Sci-Fi channel recently put out a mini-series of a revamped version of this &quot;classic&quot; and I must say that this version was much better. The date in which this takes place is just about enough to catch your interest. 10,991. There are so many ways Frank Herbert could've seen the future. I think the movie director interpreted it very nicely. I don't have a lot of free time to read but what I read of the original book was not that different from how the director interpreted it. I tried to read the book first but despite all my interest in the plot, my lack of time interfered with my reading. So, if you're at all like me, this movie will satisfy you no matter how creepy the little girl is at the end. (Tiny pale kid with a bad adult voice-over)
6305657947|2.0|This might've been an interesting and snappy flick if it weren't for the horribly intrusive and inappropriate soundtrack. Romantic scenes turned into beer commercials and action sequences seemed more like car ads. Awful, awful music. Think music can't ruin a movie? Check out the sequence in &quot;Mission To Mars&quot; where the spacecraft suffers a dangerous air leak. If the quiet and loopy organ music creates even the slightest air of tension check yourself, it might be embarrassment instead.
0790729725|5.0|Excellent, moving, thrilling, tough, powerfull and that's just Robert De Niro. This movie has it all. Fast paced action, trials and tribulations in a mafia family, deceipt, power, money, betrayal and all put together with De Niro, Pesci and Liota. what more can you ask for. You live the life of Henry Hill starting off as the errand boy in the 50's moving up the ranks to fully fledged gangster (or wise guy) in the 70's and the steep fall downhill when drugs get in the way. Brilliant direction by Scorcese makes this movie a must for any collectors. A classic which will definitely go down in history as one of the top 10!!
B00002E233|2.0|Is it possible to make a movie with helicopter crashes, massive explosions and SUV sized sharks chomping people into snausages and have it be boring? &quot;Deep Blue Sea&quot; answers that question with a resounding &quot;YES!&quot; Harlin does his best to inject some oomph into the movie but I found myself not being too concerned with the fates of the characters with the exception of LL Cool J. Several times during this DVD I found myself saying out loud: &quot;If you kill LL I will turn this DVD off&quot; as there would be no other reason left to watch. Don't get me wrong: this movie looks good, the effects are good and the acting is competent. I just didn't care about what happened.
0399103422|5.0|Yes, that sounds very lofty for a description of the most celebrated gangster novel ever. But, if you were to only look at its crisp characters and detailed account of the mafiosa lifestyle, you would be missing out on what makes this book so incredible. <br />This is a story of how one man is set upon the bottom rung of the ladder and decides that he will leave this rung and never return - no matter the cost. He begins a calculated ascent to power. He learns very early that true power is not about money or stature. It is about the ability to cause physical or mental pain or literally eliminate the person you are in disagreement with. But where this book begins to go beyond just being a story is that this man does not use this power the way you would think. He only uses it when his ability to influence through other means stops. It is his worldview and how he uses his mind to beat the system that makes it so intoxicating. As you witness the events that take place, you find yourself torn between fearing this power and being overcome by envy. You do not approve of some of the means, but the brilliance with which it is manipulated is fascinating. <br />Whether a philosophy major or lover of crime noir, you should read this book. But do not just absorb the gritty accounts of mob life. Look at the formula for success the Don has developed and follows. It is the element that makes this book unforgettable.
B00004XOWM|5.0|Come on! All the people who are writing reviews for this CD are giving a bad name. Saying that it lacks real &quot;talent&quot; and all kinds of other stuff. This CD is not meant to be the best CD there ever was. Take Slipknot for example, they know they have no talent, but they really don't give. And they really make some good music. This CD is similiar to this, with the I don't give attitude. For those of you who went out the first day and bought it and were disappointed, you deserved to loose your money. Borrow the CD form a friend, or download some songs off of it to see if you like it first. <br />This is not the CD most people thought it ought to be, which I think is a big problem. Most people were expecting the best CD ever, but that is simply not this CD. I personaly love this CD, but its not what most people wanted, which creates a cloud of uncertainty over the CD.<br />If you want a CD that has much more talent and is what you were probably expecting from this CD check out Linkin Park-Hybrid theory. Now this band has a lot of talent and is going to be big
B00004Y7SF|1.0|Christmas music should be many things:  happy, simple, somber, reflective, beautiful, and above all, singable.  Every song has its own character.  But I found her renditions of the songs on this CD nothing short of a root canal without anesthesia.  The music was so irritating to me that I turned it off and gave the CD to my niece.  Christina Aguilera definitely has a great vocal talent, but it increasingly seems that artists like this are constantly trying to see who can hit more notes in a three-second sequence than they are interested in trying to put their heart into the music they're singing. I call it &quot;vocal gymnastics.&quot; Another reviewer mentions &quot;less is more&quot; and in this case, I wholeheartedly agree.
B00004SCX6|1.0|This CD is absolute teeny-bopper crap.  Yes, she's georgeous, and I guess she can dance, but a singer she ain't.  Debbie  Gibson and Tiffany could at least hold a tune!  Don't get me started on N Sync and the Backstreet Boys -- a GUARANTEE HERE --in five years all of these worthless &quot;artists&quot; will have their own VH1 &quot;Where are They Now&quot;?  <br />Bottom line -- Pass on purchasing this garbage.
B000002TPS|5.0|Okay, we all know that Megadeth started out as a thrash band, then went a tad softer over the years, and hell if that didn't tick too many people off.  NEWSFLASH!  Not every band has to sound the same after every album!  Hence, a change in style is 1) Okay 2) Not the end of the world, and 3) A pretty good choice as far as &quot;Youthanasia&quot; is concerned.  Everything Megadeth learned to do up to this point is apparent.  This is a wonderfully written, powerful, political, and yes, melodic album.  Tell me &quot;Reckoning Day&quot; and &quot;Train of Consequences&quot; don't make you feel like bashing skulls in a pit.  Sure, &quot;Family Tree&quot; is like the darker side of &quot;Janie's Got a Gun,&quot; but it's the type of song about incest that almost every band tried duplicating, but only Megadeth could master.  What else can I say?  I don't have enough room to comment on every song, but for the love of God, a slower pace doesn't make an album bad!<br />Overall, Megadeth has shifted their focus from out-and-out thrash, because they knew that's what it took to craft a wonderful rock album.
B0000029J5|5.0|This is a very enjoyable disc.  I learned of Keb Mo' from the &quot;Austin City Limits: Big Blues Extravaganza&quot; CD.  He plays &quot;Tell Everybody I Know&quot; on that compilation.  I liked it so much I bought this CD.  His folky, blues sound is very refreshing to the typical blues that I have heard.  The music on this CD runs from the light and fun of &quot;Tell Everybody I Know&quot;, to the serious &quot;Victims of Comfort&quot;, to the lonely &quot;Anybody Seen My Girl&quot;.  Even when he does a traditional blues tune(&quot;Am I Wrong&quot;), it's got a brightness to it that you don't see in other blues music.  The sound quality is superb, and the music is even better.<br />Enjoy!
0812550706|5.0|Critical Review on Ender's Game<br /> In my opinion Ender's Game by: Orson Scott Card is an excellent book. This book has the perfect blend of action, life growing up as the odd ball in the family, and war. Ender's Game is a great book because the main character Ender goes through many tribulations in his childhood and he accomplishes them in ways unimaginable. He goes through his every day life as no child ever does, he thinks in ways that no normal child would think, he is so different that the government uses him to help fight against a race of aliens that are about to take over earth.   Throughout this book Orson had many strengths. The first strength noticed when reading this book is the fact that Orson writes in a way that puzzles the reader enough to want to keep on reading. He leaves the reader in an awkward position that forces the reader to go on. Another strength is how he writes with more then enough descriptions. As a result, that the reader could vividly picture in their mind everything Orson is picturing. The biggest strength that left me in awe was the fact that he puts in great detail that explains how everything works. The only weaknesses that Ender's Game has that I was able to find was the fact that it was absolutely too good to have any weaknesses. I would first recommend this to any person who is into sci-fi or enjoys great adventure books. I would also recommend this book to anyone who is looking for a free reading book because it has a little of every genre which makes it enjoyable to any reader. I would even read this book to my child because it shows great morals such as honesty, bravery, and courage. It also includes lots of adventure, which makes this book more enjoyable for children. If I were to rate this book I would give this book ten out of ten stars. This book is one of the best books I have ever read in my entire life.
034537410X|5.0|Lucid dreaming, i.e. dreaming with full awareness, is one of the most ecstatic experiences open to human beings. Yet creating this state of bliss has traditionally been difficult - the naive approach of autosuggestion produces only very low success rates.<br />In &quot;Exploring the World of Lucid Dreaming&quot;, Stephen LaBerge discusses far more efficient techniques, including one pioneered by himself - MILD, or Mnemonic Induction of Lucid Dreams. He explains how to create conditions conducive to lucid dreaming, how to prolong a lucid dream once one has one, and how to use lucid dreams for creative problem solving, health, entertainment and spiritual growth. <br />I should point out, however, that there is no miracle method for having lucid dreams instantanously. The techniques that this book offers still need to be exercised, patiently and diligently over a period of weeks if not months before results will start to materialize. But if you are willing and motivated to invest the necessary work and effort, this book will be one of the best guides there is.  For those readers who prefer a simple, step-by-step approach, I would also recommend &quot;Lucid Dreams in 30 Days&quot; by Keith Harary and Pamela Weintraub.
0679731377|5.0|A stowaway that narrates the trip of Noah's Ark, simple animals tried for blasphemy in the 16th Century, an incredible stream of thought on language's three very famous words, all this, and more from an extremely original and perspective bending Author. This book is easily one of the more original works I have read in quite some time.<br />These collections of stories, and in one case a story within another, are all wonderful when confined within their own borders. They certainly were intended to be elements of a much more transcendent work, and when the reader finishes the parts, and becomes a ruminator of the whole, the effect is brilliant. Mr. Julian Barnes is a new Author for me, fortunately this book is not his debut so much remains to be read, and on his side, I hope, to be written.<br />A short time ago I read \\"Ghostwritten\\", a book that was divided into 9 tales that all had an element of commonality. I thought it was very well done. This work takes the joining of elements that could at times be superficially viewed as disparate, but are all of a singular piece when the entire book is read. The bridges that bring the reader and the elements of the books through the tale can seemingly be obvious. They are also incredibly well disguised. A cursory read through what may seem to be just a satirical romp will no doubt please, but attention paid with more vigor will yield a much more richly crafted work. And the added gift is that even when you think you have taken what the Author has offered, this work lingers, and the more and longer it is thought of, the better it continues to grow. This is a work that can easily be started again immediately after the final page is read.<br />Some would argue that for a work to be excellent it must be entirely original. I think that would be nice, and it does happen occasionally. Much more frequently what is offered has all the originality of a clone. Taking the familiar apart, changing the perspective, adding stylistically original and provocative thought, is as original as one can get. Generally accepted ideas or truths are not necessarily either. The ability to step back and present stand alone pieces that are fresh, that then become a symbiotic whole is a remarkable talent, and Mr. Barnes is incredibly inventive.<br />Show this man a Rubik's Cube with all of its colored sides intact. Then scramble the object and present him with the multi-colored curiosity. Not only will he place all the colors back so that each side is uniform, he will have changed all the colors as well.<br />Read this man's work, it's a wonderful trip.ginal and provocative thought, is as original as one can get. Generally accepted ideas or truths are not necessarily either. The ability to step back and present stand alone pieces that are fresh, that then become a symbiotic whole is a remarkable talent, and Mr. Barnes is incredibly inventive.<br />Show this man a Rubik's Cube with all of its colored sides intact. Then scramble the object and present him with the multi-colored curiosity. Not only will he place all the colors back so that each side is uniform, he will have changed all the colors as well.<br />Read this man's work, it's a wonderful trip.
0780020685|5.0|This is a great movie. Although this movie is fifty years old, I personally think that it has more to offer than many of the over budget Hollywood films today. Although I am only 20 years old, I think these are the this kind of movies makes you interested in making films. Director Akira Kurosawa is ahead of his time. He used many camera tricks and style to get the viewer to anticipate battles. There are also emotional moments especially about humanity and how we treat each other.Toshiro Mifune was great as the funny Kikuchiyo. The speech he made in the middle of the movie was powerful. Overall a great movie. The audio commentary is helpful in explaining why certain shots of the film was the way it was. You can watch it over after the commentary and realize why Akira Kurosawa is one of the best director ever.
B000002H97|1.0|It's been almost ten years, haven't they apologized for this thing yet? I agree with that other dude, they should have renamed themselves POPllica. Kudos dude!
B00000JG41|5.0|Mr.Bungle's latest, &quot;California&quot; has to be one of the best albums ever made. Granted, you have to be open-minded musically, to fully appreciate it's brilliance. It's creativity, melodic structure, and pure entertainment are amazing. While Mr.Bungle's 1995 release &quot;Disco Volante&quot; was a truly amazing and fascinating listen, 1999's &quot;California&quot; is a vast improvement. Reason: &quot;California&quot; has more structure and meaning to its songs. Every song on the album is great, so it's difficult to find a favorite because they all are. &quot;Sweet Charity&quot; and &quot;Vanity Fair&quot; are lusciously harmonious with a 50's and early 60's feel to them. &quot;The Air-Conditioned Nightmare&quot; is a witty blend of jazz, rock, and swing. &quot;Retrovertigo&quot; and &quot;Pink Cigarette&quot; are dramatic love ballads without the sappiness. &quot;Ars Moriendi&quot; and &quot;Golem II&quot; are the funniest songs on the album, with cartoon-like sounds and rhythms. The finale &quot;Goodbye Sober Day&quot; contains some fierce guitar riffs and vocals towards the end of the song. Mike Patton's vocal talents shine all throughout the album, this guy is vastly underrated in the music scene. Mainly because the &quot;mainstream&quot; seems to be scared of someone as innovative as him. In closing, if you're an open-minded music fan and you want to listen to something that's truly alternative to the mainstream, pick up &quot;California&quot; by Mr.Bungle. You won't be disappointed!
B00002Z88D|1.0|To have their early stuff butchered in this fashion makes me want to vomit. What's next a swing album? Be serious, could anybody see Metallica go in the direction they did if Cliff was still alive??
0525945636|4.0|I've read several novels by Ken Follett &amp; have enjoyed them all. Code to zero is no exception. It starts off with Luke waking up on the floor in the mensroom ,dress as a bum &amp; having no memory of who is &amp; why he is there. It's a rollercoaster ride as you start to learn about Lukes past as he discovers links.  It's a great book that keeps a fast pace &amp; will keep you guessing well into the night. Pick up a copy of Code to zero &amp; find out why Ken Follett is one of the best storytellers out there today.
B000002JS6|5.0|If you don't have this album already, you're either dead or you hate rock-n-roll. Doesn't everyone on earth have this album? I think someone should check the records, this must have out-sold 'Thriller' by now.
B000002H97|5.0|From first track to last this is a Metallica classic and has many great tracks including Enter Sandman, Sad But True, Wherever I may Roam and the ballads Nothing Else Matter and Unforgiven.<br />The tracks on this album are full of catchy riffs and magestic solos courtesy of Hetfield and Hammett, which will keep you headbanging and rocking for some time.<br />I do believe that this is the best Metallica album since it ecompasses many different Metallica styles and should  appeal to the most number of people. For someone who is not a true &quot;metalhead&quot; - I enjoy the slower tempos and respect the great song-writing and eclecticism that Metallica exhibit on this album.<br />Definitely give it a listen.
B000001FFR|5.0|Need a building torn down but can't afford engineers or a demo crew? Go to your local high school, get about 200 kids, bring them to the sight, play STD on 10 from police helicopters. The place will be leveled in half an hour. I've personally eaten a paved road and bulldozed a cemetery with my head while listening to this. Old Anthrax is the best Anthrax, and this is the best of Old Anthrax.
B00003CXDF|4.0|TOM CRUISE SEEMS MORE CONFIDENT THIS TIME IN MI2 THEN BEFORE WHEN HE DID THE FIRST ONE. WITH JOHN WOO FAMED HONG KONG ACTION DIRECTOR AT THE HELM OF DIRECTING DUTIES MAKING THE ACTION SEQUENCES AND THUS PROVIDING CRUISE SOME BANKABILTY IN HOLLYWOOD AGAIN AFTER DOING A STRING OF UNSUCSESSFUL FILMS. ETHAN HUNT(CRUISE)IMF`S TOP SECRET AGENT IS PULLED OFF HIS VACATION TO PUT A STOP TO AN OLD NEMESIS WHO HAS IN HIS POSSESION A DEADLY VIRUS WHICH HE HAS PLANS TO SELL TO THE HIGHEST BIDDER . SOUNDS LIKE A STORYLINE FROM A JAMES BOND FILM DOESN`T IT, THAT IS THE ONLY FAULT WITH THE FILM I NOTICED WAS LACK OF ANY ORGINAL STORYLINE. BUT WITH WOO`S AMAZING CAMERA TECHNIQUE AND IMPRESSIVE FIGHT SCENES YOU FORGET ABOUT THE TEPID STORY AND CHEER ON THE ACTION WHICH WAS SADLY MISSED FROM MI1. THE EVER BEAUTIFUL THANDLE NEWTON A MASTER THIEF WHO PLAYS CRUISE`S LOVE INTREST IS SIMPLY BREATHTAKING AND HANDLES HER OWN IN THE FILM. VISUALLY STUNNING OBVIIOUSLY JOHN WOO THE BETTER CHOICE FOR DIRECTING AN ACTION FILM THAN BRIAN DE PALMA.
B00004ZAV3|4.0|This CD is without question one of the best collections of Beatles #1 hits assembled on &quot;one&quot; CD, however in reviewing the compliation of hits its interesting to note that 16 of the 27 on this CD are from the Red Album and 11 from the Blue Album. Clearly missing are other titles, although never reaching the #1 position but well recognized as part of The Beatle phenomena  such as Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band, Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds and When I'm Sixty-Four. Overall this is a &quot;must&quot; CD for the serious Beatle music collector or the novice who just wants some great Beatles tunes on one CD for ease of listening pleasure.
0790729342|5.0|The Road Warrior is a fantastic sequal to the very good Australian film Mad Max.It takes place a few years after the first film,and Max is wandering the desolate wasteland searching for gasoline,which there is very little of left.He runs across a man called the Gyro Captain,who tells him about a place where they have lots of gasoline.When they find the place,they find that a strange bunch of characters,led by the ruthless Humungus,is also after the gasoline.That's all I'll say about the plot.Of course Mel Gibson is back as Max,and the film has a lot of other interesting characters including the Gyro Captain(Bruce Spence),Warrior Woman(Virginia Hey),Feral Kid(Emil Minty),Papagallo(Michael Preston),and the Humungus(Kjell Nilsson),just to name a few.There is lots of action,and the last twenty or twenty-five minutes of the fim is one of the best movie chases ever.The musical score by Brian May is good and adds a lot to the movie.I could be mistaken,but I think the reviewer named Peter Webster from NH is mistaking this film for the first Mad Max(which was obviously dubbed)as far as the dubbed soundtrack goes,as the diologue for the most part sounds pretty Australian to me.At any rate,this is an excellent movie,and one of the most exciting action movies ever.The Road Warrior is followed by Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome,which is a pretty good film.
B00004WKII|5.0|What a great collection of songs.The best stuff on this is the live stuff.Red house alone make this a must have for any 60`s rock fan,or hendrix fan.Jimmy was maybe not the best guitar player as far as speed,but he was the most creative and inovative player ever.Buy this collection and sit back and listen to a great piece of history.
B000006FYP|4.0|I think Batman Forever is a very fun movie.It's not as good as the first Batman movie,but I liked it better than Batman Returns,which I thought was too dark and dreary.(although you have to love Michelle Pfeiffer as Catwoman)In Batman Forever Val Kilmer takes over the role of Bruce Wayne/Batman and does an outstanding job,although Michael Keaton is still the best Batman.Tommy Lee Jones as Two Face(formerly Gotham District Attorney Harvey Dent,who was played by Billy Dee Williams in the first Batman)and Jim Carrey as The Riddler are the films villains,and they both are very good.Nicole Kidman is very good and incredibly gorgeous as Dr.Chase Meridian,Bruce/Batman's love interest in this film.Chris O'Donnell plays Dick Grayson/Robin and isn't too bad.The special effects are excellent,and the soundtrack is good.Overall,while a lot of people might disagree with me,I really like Batman Forever.
B00003CX8I|4.0|This movie was the perfect begining to a number of movies.  it started out by introducing us to the various X Men and how they became who they are.  Good plot, great special effects and costumes and great choice in cast.  Anna Paquin really has come a long way in her short career.  She will be around for years to come.  Hugh Jackman is also the perfect choice for the Wolverine character.  Definitely see this movie.
B00004SCX6|1.0|Britney did the same album again.The sound is absolutely the same of her first album.Only the lyrics are different but the sound is the same.Anyway, i dont like her music very much
6305909326|2.0|While the concept of this movie started out to be an interesting one, in the end this movie fell short.  I enjoy movies that deal with doomsday and devils possesing people and stuff like that but I was truly disappointed at the end of this movie.  It just drops down and leaves you feeling like you missed something.  Johnny Depp as always is wonderful. He seems to be making a career comeback these days, but unfortunately this movie left me with a bad taste in my mouth.
020161622X|3.0|<br />This is a decent but not spectacular book, which is written as a series of 46 five to ten page articles on various programming topics, such as &quot;Orthogonality&quot;, &quot;Design by Contract&quot; and &quot;The Requirements Pit&quot;. The segments are quite heavily cross-referenced (which I didn't find very useful). <BR><br />The authors dole out a lot of solid advice, which is the book's strength. I found myself disagreeing with very little. There are memorable tips and some good stories. The writing style is also very accessible and conducive to diving in at any page. <BR><br />The book seems a bit lightweight. The exercises are a little simple and I don't think you'll find yourself going back to this book a lot. Also, the typeface is annoyingly large.<BR><br />I'd recommend this to someone who has done some programming and understands the syntax and fundamentals but hasn't gotten into programming larger pieces of software. I think that if you have programmed anything significant you won't find much new in here.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Even if you're not a Beatles fan, this is a must have album(CD). This is where music was born, cut and dry. Beatles still out match any of today's bands, and will always have that special sound all their own.
0783225849|5.0|&quot;Psycho&quot;, Hitchcock's nihilistic, disturbing, shocking masterpiece has been given &quot;The Full Treatment&quot; on DVD. The picture quality is crisp and clean, and Bernard Herrmann's blood-chilling score benefits greatly from the DVD format. The documentary on the film is funny and informative valentine to the film. Janet Leigh, as always, is a delight-particularly when talking about her infamous moleskin &quot;costume&quot; in the shower scene. &quot;Psycho&quot; has become part of American folklore. It has also been parodied, imitated, sequelled, and, as a final insult, &quot;remade&quot; by the critics' darling of the past decade, Gus Van Sant. Now, I will admit that I have not seen the remake in its entirety (only snippets-I couldn't bear to sit through it), but after reading reviews, and word-of-mouth by individuals, the general opinion was not favorable.) From what I saw, it looked like a garish cartoon. And why bother? Why do these mealy-mouthed filmmakers insist on remaking classic films? In closing, I highly recommend, no, I INSIST, on purchasing this DVD. Whether you're a &quot;Psycho&quot; junkie, or just anyone who remembers when films were truly entertaining and, in certain instances, unforgettable!
0783226152|3.0|I tend to adhere to the Amazon-recommended interpretations of the star ratings, which means that my three stars are not an indication of my hateful relationship with &quot;American Graffiti&quot; but rather an average assessment of an average movie. I don't understand why people overuse the fours and the fives.<br />So, as you may infer, I wasn't ecstatic about George Lucas's &quot;down-to-earth&quot; effort. I sort of could see the predecessor of the likes of &quot;American Pie&quot; and &quot;Road Trip&quot; in the way the film was made, but it has obviously aged and might not hold the same old appeal to the younger generations; say, me, for example.<br />In my opinion, the best feature of this film was the soundtrack. You know, there are some oldies that are very recognisable, although you don't have a clue who sings them. Well, &quot;American Graffiti&quot; is jam-packed with them, and I bet a single CD couldn't possibly hold them all.<br />As to the plot, if you're into post-war American cars, or rather, teenagers (one of the more mature ones featured was Harrison Ford) driving them up and down the streed doing little else but some rather infantile antics, it's your type of movie. The same goes for the profundity of the relationships: it's all about hookups, attempts to get laid, sweetheart swapping, and other senseless high-school goings-on. To be fair, not much has really changed since then, except for the obscenity count in the language used.<br />To me, it's one of those &quot;so-what&quot; movies, although I could see its significance in the development of the American cinema of this particular genre. Unfortunately, I don't hold George Lucas in too high an esteem as an artist; to me, he's the ultimate commercial director, even worse than Spielberg. With this prejudice in place, I can't possibly imagine any noble artistic intentions before the making of &quot;American Graffiti,&quot; any sort of statements that may be attempted to be conveyed therewith, norany sort of ingenuity of the plot.<br />It's a truly average movie, and with my three stars, I affirm that I've no reason to hate it, but it wasn't anything special either. Maybe good entertainment.
6300183513|5.0|Alfred Hitchcock stated in an interview, \\"When someone looks out the window and sees someone in a window doing something, they don't say 'Oh, it's none of my business',and leave-they stay and look out.\\" That is the premise of his voyeuristic masterpiece, \\"Rear Window.\\" \\"Rear Window\\" contains no blood, little screen violence, no nudity, obscene language, special effects, car chases, explosions, or MTV hit songs-almost all the prerequisites of what constitutes today's \\"Big hits.\\" However, \\"Rear Window\\" contains a tight, witty, insightful script, fine performances, a charmingly lovely and beautifully dressed heroine,superb camerawork, and one large, realistically detailed set of an apartment courtyard. Hitchcock stated that this apartment courtyard was a microcosm of humanity-people in all of their frailities, foibles, and secrets. I went to see \\"Rear Window\\" with a friend when it was re-released in the early 1980s (I hadn't seen it in years), and sat through it TWICE. There was one fly in the ointment. In the scene when Grace Kelly gets into Raymond Burr's apartment, some fool behind me said \\"Oh finally, something's HAPPENING!\\" Pretty indicative of the number of individuals out there who can't see past the end of their nose! I have seen this film innumerable times-I even play the videotape sometimes while I'm \\"doing other things around the house\\"-it's a pleasure to listen to, let alone watch. Just try and look away! They really DON'T \\"Make them like this anymore.\\" (...)
B000001FA4|3.0|Let me just say first of all that I am a U2 fan from Boy to All that You Can't Leave behind. For me there is no bad U2 album. But this one along with October are my least favorites. I'm not going to compare 'Fire' with War, Joshua, or Achtung, even though those are my favorites. I'm going to review this album on its own. The first time I listened to it which was a year ago, I was not that impressed. But it got better with every listen, and it got to a point where it was the album of the week for me. But then just as quickly as I started getting into it, the album just began to fade, until I just put it away for good. My point is, the album just does not have a lasting quality to it. I give them credit for doing something radically different from WAR, but the songs, half of them any way, are just plain weak. Actually its more the songwriting, the Edge and the rest of the band are great. Pride is one of my favorites, as is Bad and 'Homecoming', but what's with  Promenade, 4th of July, MLK, and Elvis Presley ( Can somebody explain to me what the title has to do with the lyrics? No seriously). These are B-Sides, lets not kid ourselves. The album for me is just too over the top pretentious, and it feels like an unfinished album. I think U2 is at their best when they keep they're goals in focus and when they keep their songs simple and honest. (By the way, I loved Zooropa so no one can say that i don't appreciate U2 when they experiment and try something new).   Is their anyone out their who agrees with me cause I'm feeling kind of alone on this one? Hey I'm open for discussion.
B000023VR6|1.0|I acquired this CD expecting a return to the rmoantically-inspired strains of his early 1990's effort &quot;The Chronic.&quot;  Regrettably, after several listenings, I fail to identify many of the more interesting variations on avowedly inspirational artists like Elgar, Brahms, and Wagner on Dr. Dre's work.  As most people reading this review will already know, &quot;Dr.&quot; Dre received his doctorate in music theory at Yale, to follow up his earlier work in cello performance at Oberlin.  At both schools, his writing emphasized the darker romantics, with a smattering of more recent composers.  These influences were obvious (with the obligatory &quot;rap&quot; spin) on the &quot;Straight Outta Compton collaboration again, through &quot;The Chronic&quot; (particularly, see &quot;Rollin' in My 6-4 as an obvious example).  NONE of this is evidenced in the new work, although Dr. Dre does identify Beethoven's love of &quot;Explicit Lyrics.&quot;
B00000IUP4|3.0|We were one of the first to purchase this powerful little battery operated train.  At first my two year old loved it and I was surprised how many trains it could pull behind it.  The honeymoon soon ended, however, when two days later it needed a new battery.  Eight batteries and fifteen days later, the train stopped working (except for the little light on the front) and my son was very sad.  Great idea, but bad product.  We also purchased the larger battery operated red locomotive train which still works great.
B00003CXE7|2.0|My son was bored in his history class, so I told him to toss aside those stupid books and watch GLADIATOR with us instead!  This movie looked so authentic that I had to assume it is historically accurate, and told little Steven not to bother studying anything other than this film for his test on the Romans, or whatever.  Much to my surprise, my poor Steven received a D-!  I think it is irresponsible for the film industry to tout this film as a complete and accurate history of Rome when, in fact, it may be incomplete.  Before you buy this to help you son get out of reading those silly books for history class, look into whether it is historically accurate or not.  I have not read much about the Romans.  I do not like to read much of anything for that matter, but it sure seemed o.k. to me...
B000050XEI|5.0|Enya continuously delivers excellent cd's. In fact they keep getting better with each new one. This one is a must for any Enya fan. It's mellow, deep, artistic and will win over any person with an ear for sensitive music. It's great!
B00000IQC8|5.0|I find it really hard to put into words how great this film is.  Kevin Smith gives a new meaning to &quot;talkies.&quot;  With intelligent repartee, witty banter, and any other euphemism for people talking with big words and making you laugh, Clerks shows us the other side of the counter.  Ever wondered why the person who sells you cigarettes is never in a good mood?  Perhaps they weren't supposed to be there that day.  <br />A day in the life of a convenience store clerk and a video rental clerk leads to death, destruction, sex, vandalism, general mayhem, hockey, drugs, dancing, food gags, delinquent minors, wanton disregard for human life, and the necessary love, while the characters take a poignant look at the human existence.  Oh, and it's real funny too.  <br />The Collector's edition contains the alternate ending and an alternative soundtrack with the actors discussing how the film was made.  A nice way to watch the film all over again.
B00004U8P3|5.0|Wealthy entrepreneur John Hammond (an excellent Richard Attenborough) secretly builds an all new type of safari park on a remote tropical island. His scientists managed to raise dinosaurs back from the dead, and he has a park full of them when a nervous lawyer (Martin Ferrero) and two archeologists (Sam Neill and Laura Dern) come to check the place out, courtesy of Mr. Hammond, along with Hammond's grandchildren, Lex and Timmy (Ariana Richards and Joseph Mazello), and a wierd (but wonderful) mathematician (Jeff Goldblum). However, when a weak link in Hammonds work chain, represented by Dennis Nedry (Wayne Knight), schemes just a little too far, all hell breaks loose.<br />A suspense filled, action packed and charged atmosphere throughout, which continues to impress. Near perfect casting and screenplay make sure the action has a meaning, and, in this film, the division between reality and fiction becomes almost as thin as in the novel. Oustanding. The dinosaurs aren't half bad, either, with effects wizard Denis Muren A.S.C (of Star Wars fame) among others on the team.<br />A marvel of cinema and a key part of flick history.
0553106635|5.0|This may just be another five star rating, but I need to share my enthusiasm for this book.  I loved the first book.  Picked it up on a whim and was amazed by the complexity of plot and character.  I especially loved the way Martin played with good and bad, protagonist and antagonist -- who's what?.  But I was disappointed with the second book in the series.  (Although I did reread it prior to reading Clash of Kings and enjoyed it more the second time around.)  Fortunately, NOTHING prepared me for the excitement of the third book.  Clash of Kings is absolutely riveting.  More unexpected happenings and surprises.  More untimely deaths.  And far more supernatural.  This book is phenomenal and truly worthy of all the five star reviews.  I can't wait for the next book.
B00000K19E|5.0|The best movie you'll be able to see... Like it says; &quot;Unfortunaty no one can be told what the matrix is, you have to see It for your self.&quot; So see It for your self, and the matrix has you...
B00004Z4WR|1.0|Man, this is a really really horrible piece of junk. Everything about this movie is idiotic, from the laughable car chases to Nicolas Cage's &quot;i'm just here for my paycheck&quot; performance to the slutty and talentless Angelina Jolie, woo, this movie stinks.<br />I mean, this is a really bad movie! I'm amazed some people think its any good, flat as paper characters, a cliched plot, well everything in this movie is cliched and predictable making the overdone car chases even less exciting. People, you should demand more from Hollywood, if your getting an action movie atleast get it in high quality. Only when you stop settling for crap like this will you get some stuff actually worth watching.<br />And the producer, Jerry &quot;big bucks&quot; Bruckheimer, deserves some form of execution for the countless bad films he brings us. And his next movie, a 142 million dollar budget war flick will be horrible too, 142 million dollars?!!! How much did this movie cost to make? 72 million?!!!! Aren't you thinking maybe they should give money like this to ghettos and the rotting schools of america?
B00004Z4WQ|1.0|This one should have been rated R. It's stupid, disgusting and not scary at all. I got to laugh a couple of times and that was it. I value my time at theaters, and movies like this one really upset me.
B00003CXDG|2.0|It begins well enough, I guess.  We seem to be in for a re-make of Hitchcock's Notorious.  Cruise needs to recruit a female thief to aid him in his latest impossible mission, and finds himself falling for her.  And anyone can see why: she's beautiful, sexy, and a full and interesting person in her own right.  Unfortunately, that doesn't last long, and she just turns into a plot device...<br />I must also say that I am getting tired of the John Woo never-ending action sequence chase, in which people do incredible forward aerial triple flips while delivering punishing slow motion kicks, and still manage to land in just exactly so that their hair falls exactly into place.
0380973839|5.0|The Martian Chronicles is truly one of Ray Bradbury's finest.  It not like any other book I have ever read before.  It is a book with lots symbolism and a book that brings up a debate about our own American civilization.  The Martian Chronicles is a very fragmented book.  There are no main characters in this book.  It does not have a climax and it does not have a fairytale ending.   This book as a whole symbolizes: America's Manifest Destiny, how we can be wrong and right about types of civilizations and how we shouldn't try replicate our old civilizations that just do not work in other regions that already have their own system of colonization (i.e. America, Vietnam, Cuba and etc...) due to our own instincts to build the greatest empire (i.e. The Roman Empire, America's Manifest Destiny and etc...).   This book is basically about people from Earth going to Mars.  They have a slow start with three unsuccessful missions, because the Martians execute or isolate the creww members in ways I will not mention because I do not want to ruin the best part for you, which is the Third Mission. On the Fourth Mission the humans are successful, because most of the Martians have died because of the chickenpox.  Then people from Earth start to settle on Mars.  They change the red landscape into a green earthlike world.  Then there is an atomic war on Earth and everyone evacuates Mars except for one man and an ugly women.  The end is the part with the most amount of symbolism and would be better if you read it yourself instead of me ruining it for you.  This is a brief summary of the whole book I believe that this book does not have any weaknesses due to its abstract style.  It is hard to criticize this book because it is a one of a kind and cannot be compared with other books.    The strong points of this book are the parts with the heavy symbolism.  The Four Expeditions explain what is going on in the story and I think are also the best parts.  The end is also a great part.  It symbolizes that appreciating the civilization that you have found is right. This book is a great book.  If you have vivid imagination, are fluently literate in the English language and have a pulse, then this book is definitely for you.  When reading this book expect the unexpected.  If you think your understanding of each chapter is wrong because it is too abstract then chances are you are not wrong at all.
B000002U6E|5.0|Yes, Enigma is good. But which album do I consider the best of the four? Obviously, this one. Otherwise I wouldn't be writing my review here.<br />     Introduced to the four albums in reverse chronological order, &quot;The Screen Behind the Mirror&quot; (the latest album) was decent piece of work where Michael Cretu even resorted to sampling his own work from within the album. Songs that stuck out were &quot;Between Mind and Heart&quot; and &quot;Gravity of Love.&quot; I'll give this album 4 (out of 5) stars.<br />     Enigma 2 &quot;Le Roi Est Mort, Vive Le Roi!&quot; was better than &quot;Screen.&quot; The songs were more varied - infusing pop vocals as well as soothing melodies. Songs that stuck out were \\"Beyond the Invisible\\" and \\"The Child In Us.\\" You here more of Cretu's voice in many of the pieces and a sampling in Sanskrit in \\"The Child in Us.\\" This gets 4 (out of 5) stars as well.<br />     \\"MCMXC\\", of course, is Enigma's first album. Probably the mellowest of the four albums, Gregorian chants are sampled extensively. The vocals (not counting the chants) in this album are minimal. This album gave Enigma its mark in the music industry, but the pieces were a bit too mellow for my taste. It is not the type of album you'd listen to while driving alone on long trips. The only piece that was noteworthy is \\"Principles of Lust (Sadness)\\". This album gets only 3 (out of 5) stars from me.<br />     \\"The Cross of Changes\\" is the album that epitomizes Enigma.  The album has up-tempo as well as soothing pieces. It features excellent vocals as well as obscure (but, now popular) samples. Containing pieces good enough to be used in the movie \\"The Matrix\\" (with \\"The Eyes of Truth\\"), and the classic \\"Return to Innocence\\" this album deserves recognition above the rest. All four albums are worth owning, but if you could only choose one, this should be it.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is my favorite movie.  Great special effects, amazing action, and a great story.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Beautifully directed, great story and wonderfully casted. I think the director had wisely removed the unwanted footages. Another thing is you don't get to predict what's going to happen next, until it happens. What I enjoy the most is I don't have to suffer the bad languages in movies like this one. And the fantastic sound did take my breath away. This is a good movie to own.
B000001EPB|5.0|This album is absolutely superb! Without question some of the very best music I have ever heard! I would definitely recommend this.
B000002U6E|5.0|Yes, Enigma is good. But which album do I consider the best of the four? Obviously, this one. Otherwise I wouldn't be writing my review here.<br />     Introduced to the four albums in reverse chronological order, &quot;The Screen Behind the Mirror&quot; (the latest album) was decent piece of work where Michael Cretu even resorted to sampling his own work from within the album. Songs that stuck out were &quot;Between Mind and Heart&quot; and &quot;Gravity of Love.&quot; I'll give this album 4 (out of 5) stars.<br />     Enigma 2 &quot;Le Roi Est Mort, Vive Le Roi!&quot; was better than &quot;Screen.&quot; The songs were more varied - infusing pop vocals as well as soothing melodies. Songs that stuck out were \\"Beyond the Invisible\\" and \\"The Child In Us.\\" You here more of Cretu's voice in many of the pieces and a sampling in Sanskrit in \\"The Child in Us.\\" This gets 4 (out of 5) stars as well.<br />     \\"MCMXC\\", of course, is Enigma's first album. Probably the mellowest of the four albums, Gregorian chants are sampled extensively. The vocals (not counting the chants) in this album are minimal. This album gave Enigma its mark in the music industry, but the pieces were a bit too mellow for my taste. It is not the type of album you'd listen to while driving alone on long trips. The only piece that was noteworthy is \\"Principles of Lust (Sadness)\\". This album gets only 3 (out of 5) stars from me.<br />     \\"The Cross of Changes\\" is the album that epitomizes Enigma.  The album has up-tempo as well as soothing pieces. It features excellent vocals as well as obscure (but, now popular) samples. Containing pieces good enough to be used in the movie \\"The Matrix\\" (with \\"The Eyes of Truth\\"), and the classic \\"Return to Innocence\\" this album deserves recognition above the rest. All four albums are worth owning, but if you could only choose one, this should be it.
0399226907|5.0|.<br />Eric Carle's book must surely now be put in the Classic category.<br />The story is both fun and instructive.<br />Children will learn both counting skills and the days of the week.<br />The progression of the days together with the accumulation of all the things the caterpillar ate is very cleverly done. The indented pages and the holes through each of them are a very neat device.<br />The colorful illustrations are done in broad-brush strokes with a bold style.<br />The metamorphoses from the egg to the caterpillar to the cocoon and eventually to the beautiful butterfly are almost magic. It certainly will be to a young child.
B00004XOWM|1.0|This album...just plain licks.  I dont understand how peoplecan stand his high ... voice uttering the f-bomb a million times per song!  ok, sweet, you know the f-word, anything else?  obviously this record shows the answer to that question is no. I still dig wes borland.
0679879269|5.0|This story is amazing. I couldn't put it down. While some say it doesn't have the action and suspense of the first two; I was certainly kept on the edge of my seat. From the dying off of the huge trees that give the mulefla their way of life, to the tiny Gallivespians who help Lyra and Will on their quest to free the dead, to the end of the Authority, this book is always giving you something to wonder about.
B00004XOWM|5.0|This is one of the better CD's to come along in the last few years. Undoubtely, Limp Bizkit has established themselves as a hard-core rock band. My Generation, Rollin' and Take a Look Around are the best songs on an already hard-driving, no nonsense album. This is a must buy if you love Rock, or just hate Britney.    :)
0140177396|5.0|This book was a really great book about two men set off to a ranch to get a job. My advice is to go get this book and read it today. This was a good book because of the way it tells the things that happen and the wording is in a way that anyone can understand. Some advice for someone who loves to read go out and get this book today.
B00004SCX6|3.0|As the reigning Queen of Teen Pop Music, Ms. Spears has managed to capture a listening audience of more than just young girls and boys.  She can appeal to adults as well.  Her revealing costumes are part of her stage show, and I can't say I don't enjoy her performance, though it wouldn't hurt for Britney to just let her voice shine through once in a while rather than wow the crowd with naughty gestures and nearly-naked outfits.  Her voice is strong and that's what will take her through this century.  This CD is worth every penny, if not for the well-played radio hits like Lucky and the title track, but also for the newly released hits like Stronger.
0449000729|5.0|Reading Sarum has been one of my life's most enjoyable experiences.  It's not too often that I read something and feel so emotional inside.  It makes you feel as if you're actually there, and the characters are expressed so magnificently that you really feel like you are a part of them.  This novel is rich in history as well as fiction.  When I finished, I was so eager to read more that I paced back and forth, frustrated that it was &quot;only&quot; over 1,000 pages.  This novel makes you wish it was longer.  The opening pages contain a family tree representing all the families and their descendents.  When you finish and look over that tree again, you have this incredible connection with each character and that character's distinct characteristics.  This novel is a MUST READ.  It will make you feel connected to history, to England, to literature, to romance, to scandal, to despair, to war, to religion, to politics, to chivalry, to personality...so many personalities, and ancestry.  And love.  And life.  When I walk into a bookstore, the first thing I do is walk over to the fiction section and read a favorite excerpt from this book.  Just writing this review brings tears to my eyes.
0440178002|5.0|For an admirable depiction of Japanese philosophical views in their historical context, few are adept enough to compare to James Clavell's Sho-Gun.  Sho-Gun seemingly grabs the reader, such that he finds himself inside the self-centered world of 17th century Japan. Clavell's interpretation of 17th century Japanese society provides the reader with an apparently accurate portrayal of Japanese philosophical views as well as an overall depiction of the time period and character sketches. The fact that a large sum of characters is a result of Clavell's intellectual ingenuity is beside the fact in Sho-Gun.  Clavell creates an almost personal understanding of nearly every character as they are introduced.  For example, Clavell surrounds our protagonist Blackthorne, an English pilot (the term used at the time for the Captain/ Navigator {the two were combined}), with awe for his proficient ability to conform to Japanese philosophical views.  The mindset by which Clavell created Lord Toranaga is truly exhilarating.  Clearly, to have the writing capacity to create such a character of marvel, who can predict the chess pieces each foe is preparing to bestow, one must encompass a comprehensive understanding of Eastern methods of thought.  Lady Mariko was another character who was generously imparted upon the reader to satisfy lust for a truly tragic love episode, one between herself and the great Anjin-san (the Japanese name assigned to Blackthorne for the natives could not even closely pronounce his name). Sho-Gun is a novel with such greatness, very implicit that the reader would have a nearly impossible task of finding flaws in the author's style.  On the other hand, historical inaccuracies are easily stumbled upon in Sho-Gun.  One such error lies in the fact that the Samurai in Sho-Gun explicitly use Judo, which was not instituted in Japanese culture until the 1880's.  Another blunder is situated in that James Clavell overtly has Japanese warriors using a form of Karate whena Samurai kicks off his shoes to attack a foe. To the contrary, Microsoft's Encarta clearly states that, \\" In 1922 karate was introduced to the Japanese public by an Okinawan, Funakoshi Gichin, and the art is today chiefly associated with Japan  ,\\" while the novel takes place in the 17th century. In addition, Japanese samurai were more likely to use their weaponry such as their long sword, but unarmed combat was extremely rare.  One very amiss portrayal is that of Lord Toranaga plays the European game of chess, while it would be much more historically accurate for him to be playing the Indian game of \\"chaturanga, a game believed to have originated in India in the 6th century or perhaps earlier, which itself may be related to a much older Chinese game\\"  and therefore more likely to have been played in Japan during the 17th century.   In the words of a popular book reviewer, Stuart W. Mirsky  \\", Basically, Shogun is a powerful tale of intrigue and maneuvering as the players move about on the chessboard of feudal Japan, never certain who among them is really moving the pieces and who is just being moved -- at least until the end.\\"  In conclusion, James Clavell's Sho-Gun is a truly spine-tingling novel of deception, conspiracy, and stratagem but has some significant historical inaccuracies.
0140177396|5.0|This book was a really great book about two men set off to a ranch to get a job. My advice is to go get this book and read it today. This was a good book because of the way it tells the things that happen and the wording is in a way that anyone can understand. Some advice for someone who loves to read go out and get this book today.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|For the first time almost all of the Beatle's number one hits have been compiled onto one CD.  Weather you are someone who listens to the Beatles once a week, or under a daily basis, this album makes it easy to find all of your favorite songs without flipping through your CDS and records.<br />If you are shopping for a present for any of your loved ones or friends this holiday, I highly reccomend this product.  It can be listened to over, and over, and over again without boredom, which is more than I can say for almost any other CD.
0767849493|5.0|I watched Dogma the first time and then had to watch it a second time! The plot is involved and fresh with questions of religion, why we are here and existance but never once questioning the essential existance and nature of God. Ben Affleck as Bartleby is wonderful going from a being just wanting to go home, to a lunatic intent on revenge to a pilgrim asking for and receiving peace from God.<br />This movie made me laugh and cry and think, all at the same time. In my book, there can be no better combination in a movie.<br />If you are not prepared for a biting satire, don't watch this movie. But if you love and understand satire as the ultimate tool for self examination, well maybe this movie isn't for you either. Personally, I thought it was just a wonderful romp!!
B00000IQC8|5.0|Our 19 year old son started raving about this movie about 3 years ago. My husband and I finally watched it last year and thought it was one of the funniest movies we'd every seen.  I think I'm putting the DVD on my wish list! Any age(ok maybe under 55) will enjoy it .
6305078564|4.0|My wife has been trying to get me to watch this movie ever since we were dating.  She has read the book about 20 times, and seen the movie about 30 times.  She finally got me to watch it about a week ago.  It was a good movie.  It is not the type of movie that I would go out and rent myself, or that I would have watched with my roomates back when I was single (we would have given noogies and called eachother sissies at even the mention of watching a movie like this), but I enjoyed it.  On the other hand, at home with my wife, it was a pretty good movie to see.  THe acting was really good, and the story just sort of kept getting better and better.  Also there were some really memorable lines in it.<br />In any case for the guy that likes action movies, well, this movie is probably not for you.  But if your wife or lady-fair wants to watch it, well it is a pretty good movie to watch together.<br />(I am sure that there are some people who are going to hate me for my comments, but that's what I think).
B00004XOWM|5.0|Bizkit's album is just brilliance. It left me dumbfounded. I am a die-hard Limp fan, and have all of their albums. Significant Other was absolutely amazing and I didn't think they could top it. But listening to this one, I notice that Sig. Other is left in the dust. The Xzibit track is off the hook. Fred captures a light melody along with a hip-hop and rock attitude throughout the album. My Way and Full Nelson can be summed up as Hardcore. Pure brilliance guys. LIMP RULES!
B00004X01U|3.0|Madonna is one of my favorite artists. She is incredibly talented, as proved by her last 4-Grammy winning &quot;Ray of Light,&quot; which to date, is my favorite album of hers. That album really showed her maturity and the wisdom she acquired after nearly 2 decades recording albums. Now, I know that Madonna is notoriously known for changing genres of music often, as proved by this latest effort by her. It's not bad...it's just I was hoping that I would hear a little more of that spiritual, ethereal music as presented in 1998's &quot;Ray of Light&quot; and the maturity, the sadness of 1995's &quot;Something to Remember.&quot; I also liked her 1991 &quot;The Immaculate Collection,&quot; from her earlier career, but without a doubt, &quot;Ray of Light&quot; is her best album and 4 Grammys prove it. This latest album, &quot;Music,&quot; is all right, but I admit, I'm not into that techno-pop sound, although I do appreciate her effort at trying new areas of music. However, still am a devoted fan of Madonna, by no means consider this a waste of money, because if it's by the Material Girl, it's worth buying. Best of luck, Madonna, and congratulations on your baby, your successful Internet MSN webcast, your new album, your new tour, and your new husband-to-be, Guy Ritchie. You're a sweetheart.
B000001EAQ|5.0|I can still remember the Tuesday morning I rushed to the store to get this album: March 4th, 1997. Pop's release had been delayed at least once, if not twice, leading to buzz that there were problems in the studio, or the record wasn't that good. Not that this would've deterred me from venturing out that cold morning, but I was curious to see what was in store for me within the 12 tracks on Pop.<br />The answer is: U2. Ever-evolving, never-satisfied U2. Since War, U2 has shown incredible innovation in their music. This fact is lost on many listeners who started with Achtung Baby or The Joshua Tree and looked backwards, but if you start with Boy (U2's first studio album) and continue through All That You Can't Leave Behind (U2's most recent release), a line of progress is clearly delineated from start to finish.<br />U2 has always been interested in ideas, both musical and lyrical. From The Unforgettable Fire through Rattle and Hum, the ideas were inspired by America: country and blues, America's foreign policy, Elvis Presley, &quot;democracy&quot;, civil rights, religion. On Achtung Baby and Zooropa, the ideas were a result of the new, unified Europe: disco sounds, seamy political dealings in the old east, unity, commercialism.<br />It was based on the culmination of these explorations and the completion of the ZooTV tour that U2 pulled back a notch and created Pop. Their vocabulary at this point was infused with techno rhythms and synthesized drum loops. For these effects to be used as the primary instrumental vocabulary of Pop, then, was completely natural.<br />There's another issue in addition to the ideas and themes that are explored on Pop - the loss of a mother, search for a god, excesses, and lack of direction: the music rocks. You'd be hard-pressed to find songs even on Achtung Baby that rock harder than &quot;Discoteque&quot;, &quot;Do You Feel Loved&quot; (whose rock-solid intro was even used to get fans juiced up during the '97 and '98 NBA Championship games in Chicago), &quot;Mofo&quot; (a frequent concert-opener on the PopMart tour), or &quot;Gone&quot;.<br />There have been albums where U2 have focused more on details or added more finishing touches (like Achtung or Zooropa). There have been better messages in Bono's lyrics (Joshua Tree or Unforgettable Fire). However, U2 have never played better rock and roll before or since.ames in Chicago), &quot;Mofo&quot; (a frequent concert-opener on the PopMart tour), or &quot;Gone&quot;.<br />There have been albums where U2 have focused more on details or added more finishing touches (like Achtung or Zooropa). There have been better messages in Bono's lyrics (Joshua Tree or Unforgettable Fire). However, U2 have never played better rock and roll before or since.
B000053SPI|5.0|I just received this album today and I have listened to it 3 times. It's a FANTASTIC album. The members of Journey have done  it again. This is a must for Journey Fans. Steve Augeri sounds great and is a fine choice to replace Steve Perry. The bonus track is really good, too bad it isn't slated to be on the US release version. Thanks to the members of Journey for keeping the magic of Journey alive!!!
B000021XS0|5.0|How can I describe this CD? In a word, amazing! I was an avid punk fan, listening to bands like NoFX, Millencolin, etc. But one night, I downloaded DT's song Regression, and BOOM! I was hooked. It touched me in a way no punk band could. The drumming of Portnoy really got me going. I love his use of the double bass pedal. The songs are well thought out, and I love how they tie all the songs on the CD together. This is truly wonderful music, and if you appreciate true muscians, look no further than Dream Theater
B000002U82|5.0|... and everybody was right. Frankly, this may be the pinnacle of the whole rock-as-art thing. If it's not, it's certainly up there with the best and still well worth purchasing. What makes &quot;Dark Side Of The Moon&quot; work so well is the deep level of unity in the album. The tracks that don't work all that well by themselves (i.e. &quot;The Great Gig In The Sky&quot;) are still great when the entire album is taken as a whole. The average tracks (&quot;Breathe&quot;) sound like the highlights off of another album, while the true peaks (&quot;Time&quot;, &quot;Us And Them&quot;, &quot;Brain Damage/Eclipse&quot;) sound epic. Because of the way the album works and is paced, nothing sounds forced or unnatural; even the near-silence at the beginning or the synth workouts near the end are fun. And the peaks, such as the heartbreaking solo on &quot;Time&quot;, are awe-inspiring in their beauty. Absolutely brilliant. If you don't own this, put it on your shopping list right away.
0385484518|5.0|This true story is a warm-hearted, yet saddening story about a professor and his favorite pupil, who is the author of this novel.  Morrie Schwartz, the professor who was diagnosed with ALS, was more than just Mitch's teacher of school, but he was his teacher of life.  The novel was named for Mitch's weekly visits with Morrie after losing touch with him for many years after college graduation.  Instead of Morrie giving in to his disease, he decided to make life what it should be.  He lived it like he would not see the next sun rising.  He taught Mitch about compassion (how everyone should have lots of it), life (how everyone should live it to the fullest extent), love (how everyone should simply love one another and the world would be a much happier place), and death (how no one should be afraid of it, because everyone has to deal with it one time in their life).  Mitch would audiotape their conversations, because he wanted to remember everything that they had talked about.  Morrie was such a profound speaker.  Everyone wanted to listen to everything he said.  When Morrie would talk to anyone, he would listen like there was no one else on the earth.  He made everyone feel important and special.  He did not give into the disease even as he lied in bed, breathing his last few breaths.  He held his head high, and died respectfully just like he wanted to.
B000002UB3|5.0|Odd that this is the last Beatles album to be recorded and yet one of the most unified albums of the band's career. Lennon shines (and I mean shines even by Lennon's high standards) on &quot;Come Together&quot;, &quot;Because&quot;, &quot;Mean Mr. Mustard&quot;, and &quot;Polythene Pam&quot;, which are probably my favorite parts of the album. Harrison's two numbers are great - I usually tend to dislkie them but here he tones down the guitar-driven mysticism a bit. &quot;Octupus's Garden&quot; is not a deep song, but it is a fun song. And even though McCartney does give us the album's low point (the corny &quot;Maxwell's Silver Hammer&quot;), he does contribute &quot;You Never Give Me Your Money&quot; and &quot;The End&quot; to the medley, which are both highlights of the album. Overall, this may or may not be the best Beatles album, but it is probably in the top three or so. Which makes it essential listening in the catalog of rock music.
B000000993|5.0|Tool is probably my favorite band and this is my favorite album that the band has put out.  Opiate and Ænima are also great albums, but in my opinion, Undertow is the best of the three.<br />Some people have said that Ænima stands up better to repeated listenings than Undertow, but I don't agree.  In fact, I think Undertow has the most replay value of Tool's three releases.  Ænima is the best album to listen to straight through because a lot of the songs have similar sounds and it all flows together very well, but unless you always want to listen to the whole album, Undertow is the better choice.  Contrary to what a couple of the editoral reviews say, Undertow has a fairly nice variety going.  &quot;Crawl Away&quot; is one of Tool's heaviest songs (which makes sense, since it was one of the first songs they wrote), while &quot;4 Degrees&quot; is fairly soft-spoken by comparison.<br />Some people also feel that Undertow is &quot;mindless rock,&quot; which blows my mind.  Undertow has just as many philosophical concepts going on as Ænima.  Songs like &quot;Intolerance&quot; and &quot;Flood&quot; deal with questions of faith, &quot;Undertow&quot; has been interpreted as being about struggling with substance abuse, and more. <br />In addition, a lot of self-professed &quot;Tool fans&quot; feel that &quot;Sober&quot; and &quot;Prison Sex&quot; are the best songs on the album, and the best that Tool has ever done.  While they are good songs, I feel that they are actually two of the weaker songs here.  &quot;4 Degrees&quot; and &quot;Bottom&quot; are so underappreciated that I can scarcely believe it.  Then you have &quot;Flood&quot; and &quot;Crawl Away,&quot; which are probably my two favorite Tool songs.  As I said, though, there are no bad songs on this album.<br />If you don't own a Tool album yet, I would recommend buying Undertow first and then Opiate.  If you buy Ænima first, don't expect all that many similarities between it and the other records.
B000002UA5|2.0|The majority of Floyd fans tend to overlook this album, and for good reason. During this period in their careers (1969) the effects of Syd Barrett departing the group and spinning inevitably into madness due to his LSD excesses were on Floyd's mind.       Ummagumma is an odds and ends album, nothing but pointless noise that goes nowhere fast.  Each member contributed a muscial piece to disc 1, starting with Richard Wrights 3 part &quot;Sysyphus&quot; which meanders aimlessly.  Add to that Masons &quot;The Grand Viziers Garden Party&quot; and one quickly learns that this is not a party, but rather a funeral.        Granted, Waters &quot;Grantchester Meadows&quot; is a mellow little guitar based song with ecclectic lyrics such as &quot;In the lazy water meadow, I lay me down, all around me golden sunflakes settle on the ground&quot;. Nice.  However this is quickly fogotten once &quot;Several Smalll Species....&quot; is heard, which cleverly, yet annoyingly mixes animal sounds, particularily those of the small furry type.      The Floyd themselves knew this album was a tragedy, so they opted to include a live disc so purchasing the album wouldnt be a complete waste.  &quot;Astronomy Domine&quot; has a nice freak out section, not to mention the screams of &quot;Careful with that Axe Eugene&quot;.  That aside, the live disc does not do full justice to this album.    The Floyd are a timeless rock act with plenty of great material from all thier eras, but this album clearly shows the lack of imagination and direction of the band at that time.
076790382X|5.0|Hilariously funny, remarkably honest observations about the world's most powerful nation. Straight to the point and so true it should be made compulsory school reading in the USA and elsewhere.
B000002J27|4.0|A Trick of the Tail is Genesis' first effort without Peter Gabriel.  Many hardcore fans, myself included, saw this as the end of Genesis.  Despite those testimonies, this album went on to sell more than all of Gabriels work combined.<br />   Genesis had been looking for someone to fill Gabriels void, so Phil ended up taking over the duties.  His voice is very reminiscent of Gabriel, this was an obvious ploy to not alienate the fans.     The album opens heroically with &quot;Dancing on a Volcano&quot;, which has all of the elements of a good progressive rock song, followed by the gentle &quot;Entangled&quot;.  Other standouts include &quot;Ripples&quot; and &quot;Robbery, Assault, and Battery&quot; which some would say Phil did to Genesis.  <br />  Still, the album has Gabriel influence written all over it with such lyrics as &quot;the sack across my back, the sound of sobbing on my shoulders, i opened up the sack,and all that I had was a pool of tears&quot; from &quot;Squonk&quot; and &quot;Sail, sail away, ripples never come back&quot; from &quot;Ripples&quot;.<br />  Perhaps its correct to say Genesis went from a premier progressive rock act to a pop group when Collins took over the ship, but this album is a very credible &quot;fake&quot; and still contains the best elements of early Genesis.
B00004Y2QT|5.0|Hot.  I forgot how good his purpleness is on the guitar.  Spank it purple one.
0152438181|5.0|When I was eight years old, my parents game this book saying it is a great book for children. I started reading it and quit after I had reached the third chapter. It was too boring for an eight-year old child. Well, now I'm 23 I decided to give the book one more chance and... I loved it! In spite of what most people say about 'Le Petit Prince' (including Saint-Exupery himself on the book's preface), this is not a book &quot;pour les petits&quot;. It is too philosofical for children. The book is about growing older and how grown-ups loose their innocence during this process. It is about how clumsy adults do become. 'Le Petit Prince' depicts the nature of human behaviour by means of a worderful fable. A pilot with engine problems in his aircraft is forced to land in the middle of Sahara desert where he meets Le Petit Prince, a mysterious child who had just arrived from his tiny lonely planet in search of friends. During his trip to Earth, Le Petit Prince meets several unusual characters. Each of them reveals something about the nature of adults. The pilot (an adult himself) is much disconcerted in realising he has something to learn with the child-prince, who has a naïve look upon people the pilot had long lost.
B000002UAO|5.0|This album is a wonderful piece of music. There are a couple of songs which I don't like that much, but overall I have to rate it extremely highly. The one complaint I have is that the UK version which is shown here lacks the wonderful Paul McCartney song &quot;I've Just Seen A Face&quot; which is about the hardest song I can think of to actually sing but which is a song you can really [grunt] to. This is almost made up for by the presence of &quot;Nowhere Man&quot;, however, which is also terrific. &quot;I'm Looking Through You&quot; is such a wonderfully appropriate song about life that I can hardly resist singing along every time I hear it. In all a fabulous accomplishment.
0140277447|4.0|Don't sit down with this book and expect to be entertained. This gripping account of one of the worst atroceties in history, The Rape of Nanking, is not for the faint hearted. Iris Chang shares with us the horror and fear of many Nanking victoms, as well as soldiers mutilating habits of their prisoners. Often called, &quot;The Forgotten Holocaust of World War II,&quot; The Rape of Nanking is a must read for everyone as we must not forget, but learn from the mistakes of the Japanese.
B000002B1M|5.0|I am one of the few \\"hip hop\\" fans that think that this albums ranks up there with Illmatic lyrically. The themes here are often better. You have The Message, I Gave You Power, Take It In Blood, and Black Girl Lost. These are all gems. I think Nas refines his flow a little bit more on this album as well. So, if Illmatic is a classic, then this one should be considered one as well. Cop it!
B00001NFCY|5.0|My teenage children got me listening to this great CD. I can't say enough about it. The lyrics are so deep and personal. Scott Stapps vocals are so emotional and loud. He gives everything he has when he sings. Mark Tremonti's guitar playing is incredible. I highly recommend this CD. I can't wait for the next one.
B00004Y2FT|5.0|Great album, apropiately titled just as &quot;a collection of songs&quot;, because it is impossible to put the best of the twins in just one disc, maybe two or three, and I'm still waiting for that one, songs that have been left out include &quot;from the flagstones&quot;,&quot;spangle maker&quot;, ,&quot;peppermint pig&quot;, &quot;evangeline&quot;,&quot;pur&quot;,&quot;rilkean heart&quot; (yes, i also liked the last two albums),  but this one comes very close in showing what a unique ang great band they were, i recommmend it highly .
B00004SCX6|4.0|This review is for those of you who would like the opinion of someone likes and dislikes music for all that it's worth and does not base her opinion on someone's &quot;name&quot; value.<br />My boyfriend had this CD, and I asked to listen to it while I took an extremely long cross-country car trip by myself(woo hoo.) I found the CD enjoyable.  The songs, for the most part, have a nice beat to them.  Dear Diary is the only song that made me want to gag really.  The only song here that sounds way too familiar to her old CD is the title track.  Other than that, they're different besides the fact that they're all pop.<br />For those of you who are truly fans of the pop genre, by all means, buy this album.  For those of you who like &quot;Britney&quot; albums, by all means get this album.  &quot;Britney&quot; haters, STAY AWAY.  For those of you who are fans only of the type of voice that can do somersaults and flip all over the place, STAY AWAY.<br />As to those of you who think Britney can't &quot;sing,&quot;  Please...a range goes both ways.  So Britney can't hold a high note well, she can satisfactorily go low at times.  Britney will never be a soprano, but girl can sing.  Her style may not be clear and free, but there have been singers who have husky styles who've done well in the biz.
B00003CX5A|5.0|Hello my name is John Rapson. This is definitly the most stunning movie ever to hit the silver screen. Everything about this movie was absoulutley Awesome and I think that whoever gave this film one star needs to see it again and again and again and........ well you get my drift. At first I was worried. You see I am the biggest fan of the Legend of Sleepy Hollow book. I have 51 versions of the book 8 of the movie and 4 on audio book. Yeah I'm Obsessed. Well I thought this was going to be some hooror fest but it is the best movie ever. Everything is as it should be and Johnny Depp, Christina Ricci, Miranda Richardson, Ray Park,Ian McDirmand etc are all wonderful at their parts. Tim Burton is at his ultimante element because anone who sees this movie will be intruigrd to it again. This will remain the ultimante classic in Horror for a long long time.
B000002UAU|3.0|This album is completey overrated. All of McCartneys songs are way too poppy and cheesy. The album is Okay, but it is not a real masterpiece. If you want a true piece of art listen to any album by Pink Floyd starting from Meddle to The Wall. If you want some real rock and roll get a Stones album like Let It bleed or Exile On Main Street. This CD is WAy overrated.
B00003CXFU|1.0|Julia Roberts is so overrated and overhyped it's ridiculous. I find her completely un-appealing. I appreciate her attempt to win me over with the push-up bras, and skin-tight micro outfits, but sorry Julia, too little too late. Not a bad film though, worth a rental.
B00004UFEM|5.0|I got this Cd twice cause the first one i gave away to some dude cause he like music and caue he never heard of blink 182 cause he dosent buy much Cds. So i game him it and he said it was his favorite cause it ws so cool. Well, evferyone things so too, so go buy this right now dude cause its cause its causae its great@!
B00004XQ83|5.0|As rich as the history of modern film-making has been, the history of its accompanying music has unfortunately been less so. Looking back over the course of so many films the viewer is quick to recall the few outstanding soundtracks: Ennio Morricone's score for Sergio Leone's The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, and the score for The Godfather among others. Sometimes the soundtrack to a film has overshadowed or even outclassed the film that it was meant to support; the Eurythmics soundtrack for 1984 and the soundtrack of The Cotton Clubimmediately come to mind.<br />  Ideally a film soundtrack should be the crowning glory of a movie, evoking a sense of time and atmosphere while subtlety conveying to the audience the vagaries of plot direction. The music used in the film Platoon was a perfect example of music and film working in harmony. Armed with an apparently discordant collection of sixties rock and orchestral movements, the soundtrack of Platoon gave the movie (and the viewer) a rich sense of time and place..and drama. Examples of poor soundtracks in films are legion and not worth discussing; even worse, the recent trends of releasing soundtracks &quot;in the spirit of &quot; movies -where the songs included are not in the movie, nor nearly relevant to it- is an execrable example of crass commercial exploitation.<br /> No, a good soundtrack should not be an addition to a movie, it should be an integral part of it. It is that very quality which makes the soundtrack to Ethan and Joel Coen's O Brother, Where Art Thou? such an excellent one.<br /> Set in the American South sometime in the 1930's the movie centers around the trials and tribulations of three escaped cons- centering around their journey of escape. To support this story famed record producer T Bone Burnett has assembled some of the most evocative and engaging music to be included in a film in a long time. Relying primarily on the Country Bluegrass and Mountain Music traditions Burnett has assembled a stellarrepitoire to accompany this film. From recordings of prison gang cadences done by the great music historian Alan Lomax (&quot;Po Lazarus&quot;) to songs composed specially for the movie (&quot;I am a man of constant Sorrow&quot;) Burnett treats the reader to a musical sampling which first engages, then entrances the listener.<br /> To be sure, this music is not for everyone, this is real country music, real angst set against a backdrop of what might be derisively called &quot;twang and boing&quot; music. But it is the very earthy qualities of this music, stripped of technological pretense, which makes its impact so visceral. No thinking person could listen to the stirring song &quot;O Death&quot; without almost instantly feeling a deep compassion for the people who lived through the times and conditions which elicited such a song. Conversely, songs such as &quot;In the Highways&quot; and &quot;Big Rock Candy Mountain&quot; bring light and joy to the soundtrack without denying the spirit and circumstance of the song's origins.<br /> The soundtrack for &quot;O Brother Where Art Thou?&quot; is entertaining and informative on its own, taking the listener on a journey to remote areas of the American South in a time long past; leaving the listener wiser and perhaps a bit more thoughtful. On its own this soundtrack is an important addition to any music lover's archive and is bound to win awards. As an adjunct to the movie it's bound to send the movie Oscar bound.
0441172717|5.0|Dune is not just a &quot;science fiction novel&quot;. It's an incredibly well written piece of literature that addresses political, social, environmental, and religious issues in a way that is enthralling and immediate. It's a book that you can pick up at any stage of your life and find something that speaks to you, and something that profoundly affects you.<br />On one level, it is a political story. Alliances change, traitors bring down great houses, there are plans within plans within plans. It can almost read like a mystery novel, as you figure out why someone did something seemingly illogical, which actually furthered their own interests.<br />On another level it's a story about the things humans hold most dear. The spice, melange, grants some great powers, others long live, and others great wealth. Who should control the spice, how should it be used, how should people profit off of it?<br />This is a story about environmental consequences and the interrelatedness of all things. Dune is a desert planet, where even spit is valuable because of its water content. The scorn of the ruthless holders of the planet for this valuable commodity clashes with the care and concern the natives have for preserving every drop. <br />It's even a story about human relationships. The lead character's mother and father never marry, so that the father might be open to a political alliance. Despite this, they are deeply in love with each other. The son finds himself in the same situation, in love with one woman but for political reasons forced to consider an &quot;alliance of reason&quot; with another. How do these situations affect people?<br />I played in a DuneMUSH for years - a role playing environment where we based characters and plots on the Dune universe. The characters, situations, and plots that Herbert laid out were so well done and complex that it supported hundreds of players through months and months of gameplay without any flagging of interest, and indeed many playersfound their outlook on life changed by exploring more and more deeply into why this world worked the way it did.<br />Highly, highly recommended.
B00004U3UG|5.0|Fist of all, this is a limited edition :). Anyway this release by itself justify the purchase. If you'd like Army of Darkenss you'd love Army os darkness Director's Cut. The original ending thar this release bring its a MUST. If you're a fan of Evil Dead Trilogy, you have to buy this release
6304025831|5.0|This film is a wonderful story of life on the top in the city of Las Vegas.  Having been to Vegas numerous times I find the story fascinating.  The movie shows the corruption in the casino business and it shows how the mob runs things from Kansas City.  Robert De Niro and Joe Pesci team up again in this great drama.  It is interesting to see Pesci and De Niro interact in this movie.  You can never tell if they are going to kill eachother or if they are going to hug eachother.  Sharon Stone gives a wonderful performance too.<br />Casino and mob lovers will enjoy this movie so much.  I find this movie interesting also because it shows the difference between Vegas of the 1970s and Vegas of today.  I highly recommend this film.
0618002219|5.0|Movie Proposal-The Hobbit<br />Date:               12/01/00<br />To:                   Mr. Steven Spielberg<br />From:               Mr. Alan Wilcox<br />Subject:            Pertaining to the proposal that the story The Hobbit, by J.R.R. Tolkien,    should be made into a movie and in the hopes that you would be willing     to direct it.<br />Mr. Spielberg, it came to my attention some time ago that the story The Hobbit should be remade into a feature film and although I know that you probably have an extremely busy schedule it would be a great honor if you would see about directing my movie.  As you may already know, The Hobbit has already been made into a movie and that the movie The Lord of the Rings is already in the makings, I still wish to have a remade and revamped version of the story, preferably using live action rather than animation.  I feel that the adventurous story of a hobbit as he and his friends make their way to a dragon's lair, in order to slay him, would make for a wonderful movie.  There are many fantasy adventure fans out there just waiting for another movie based on this popular book.  This story has all the makings for a great movie: a likable and funny main character, a old and wise father figure, a multitude of helpful friends, and the freedom of creativity that only a fantasy story can give.  The basic structure of a good lesson, namely the advancement from complacency and boredom to adventure and mystery, and the combination of action packed adventure could possibly even make The Hobbit a better seller even than E.T.<br />The wonderful tale of an adventurous hobbit, of the new friends he makes and their struggle to take back their home should make for a superb movie.  Along with the possibility of several sequels if this first movie works out there are the endless possibilities for creativity and ingenuity on the part of the director.  Thanks to the advancements in visual arts and computer graphics it is now possible to create the vivid and vibrant universe that was originally created by J.R.R. Tolkien in his wonderful story.  My only hope is that you will accept my proposal for a movie based on The Hobbit and that you might be able to direct it yourself or at least pass it on to someone with as much vision as yourself.  I thank you for taking the time to read my request and I hope you consider the opportunities available for success.
0440219078|5.0|This book is incredible! I enjoyed every minute reading it. Some people say that the ending is unclear, but I loved the ending. It lets people make up their own ending. For example: some people think Jonas dies in the end, while others think he really finds Elsewhere and continues his live there. I think people could start reading the book in 6th grade, so that there are a lot of different analysis and not just those of older people who maybe think a bit more.
B00003CXFG|4.0|OK lets get this off our collective chests eh? THIS IS NOT ALIENS! It has some aliens in it but THIS IS NOT ALIENS! That's better yes?  This to my mind is a pretty damn good original concept with believable effects and a good cast. I really got the feeling of the atmosphere in this film, it must be hard to come up with truly new premise for a story but here there is just enough to make this a winner. Though a better director could have created more tension, a stronger more fluid telling of the tale, what we are given is a new take on the 'good' guys vs. the aliens, and it works. Where in Aliens the tension is created by the confines of the station, here, even in the wide open expanse of the desert planet the darkness when it falls becomes almost as crushingly claustrophobic, death can be all around you but you only see as far as your fading torch will allow.  Don't let the odd negative review deter you from trying this movie, 'cus if you do you may have missed a small gem.  A good mix of action, horror, twists 'n' turns (sort of), some realistic 'heroes' and err...other stuff that makes a good nights viewing. Oh and you get some extras as well, surprised me to find DTS as an option as well, nice one.
0440539811|5.0|...some people are fascinated by new ideas, find them amazing, can't help but imagine them.  New ideas hurt the heads of other people.  If you fall into the former category, you will read the book and find it a delightful piece of time spent.  If you fall into the latter, you probably can't cope with anything more intensive than Jackie Collins anyway (no offense to Jackie, of course.)      So.  If, when you found out that some people didn't play chess by the normal rules, you decided you wanted to know what their rules were...or if you know what Neuro-Linguistic Programming REALLY is...or if you've talked to your pets and gotten them to talk back...in short, if you take everything equally seriously, you'll have a blast.  If you've got any holes in your head (i.e., spots where you take everything seriously for some demented reason) then you'll know it - you'll be banging said head on the table.<br />     Ta ta.
B000002UY5|2.0|Although they are frequently mistaken for an alternative band, Blind Melon are really a hard rock band in the tradition of The Black Crowes and Led Zeppelin. Fans of 80s metal will find much to admire, as will fans of hard rock of any time. I find them virtually unlistenable.
0399146253|3.0|As I stated when I reviewed her last book, I continue to read this series to see if the author can redeem herself.  Not happening.  The only thing about this book that brought me any satisfaction was finally seeing the protagonist as part of the problem, not the solution.  Seeing her professional life, personal life, etc., brought into question and put under scrutiny made this book a little more realistic than her previous one.  I don't want to appear as though I enjoy seeing people's lives picked apart and exposed, but it doesn't appear as though Kay has ever done anything wrong or made any mistakes, and this book finally brings that under scrutiny.  The other issue with her books is that even though the protagonist is a medical examiner, the author could leave out quite a bit of the descriptive stuff about what goes on in the morgue during an autopsy. For the most part, much of the descriptive stuff does not promote the plot or storyline and appears to be filler.  My recommendation would be not to let this be your first Scarpetta novel.  Start at the beginning of the series, and then decide whether or not you want to continue up to this point.
B00000G3PA|1.0|Laughably stupid, this movie is best explained as a punishment from God. There is nothing redeeming here, the characters are cloying at best, and I was often confused about who was alive and who was dead (perhaps because I didn't care). Secretly, I was rooting for the Meteor.
B00004Z459|5.0|This is absolutely one of the best CD's to hit the market over the past year or so.  I thought Incubus' Make Yourself was probably the best overall CD I had purchased in the past year, but I think this is better.  It is a great blend of hard-core, rap, DJ breaks and melody.  One plus, you don't have to hear all the profanity that is present on most CD's today.  Treat your self to this bands refreshing approach to hard-core music, it is definitely a better sound then most rap/metal bands of today.<br />The lyrics on the record are very well put out and, hmmmm... I think you can understand what these guys are saying.  The music is well put together and produced.  They blend a variety of different styles and elements of music.<br />An outstanding addition to anyone's collection, this CD can only get better if you have had the pleasure of seeing them live.
B00000ILDF|1.0|This obvious attempt to kill the `franchise' should have been in 3D. Why did they kill off Hicks, anyway? Perhaps the filmmakers were they afraid someone interesting would be placed in the movie. This movie has no plot. At the end, the character's plan seems to be to run around in circles until enough of them are killed off to allow the movie to end, I was glad when the required number was met.
B00004SCX6|1.0|I can actually feel my soul slipping away when I listened to this screeching. Why would anyone in his or her right mind listen to this garbage? Even teenagers have their limits (or so I thought)!....Listening to this will only eventually cause permanent brain damage....Obviously, talent not is needed.
6305313687|5.0|This is an excellent movie. The acting was universally great, the writing was sharp, the characters believable. Even the neo-Nazis are rendered believably, no small feet in a Hollywood movie. And the conversion of the lead character from racist agitator to normal person is convincing. The anti-hate message is excellently sent, and the audience is not bludgeoned. The characters are given reasons for their hate which render it understandable if not condonable This makes their conversions all the more believable. The only complaint I have is that the script writer obviously hasn't read Mein Kampf, not ordinarily a bad thing, but the book is crucial to one of the movies central moments.
B00004XOWM|5.0|I think for everybody who really likes limp bizkit, this cd has all the unique elements for them to enjoy. If you like significant others, then I'm 95% sure you'll like this one. I don't understand the people who gave this cd a one-star rating. i couldn't help but ask, are they really true limp bizkit fans?
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Simply amazing. Iron Maiden restores it's golden lineup while still retaining the live riff monster Janick Gers.<br />The songs on this album have the power to evoke emotion--you feel the sorrow and loss from the barren existence of the &quot;Brave New World&quot;, and the epic of lingering melodies that make you experience the desolation of the desert in &quot;The Nomad&quot;. THese are mere examples of the works -- even the high paced riff-o-rama &quot;Out of the Silent Planet&quot; will have you sympathizing with the forsaken foriegners.<br />Bruce refrains from his hair band screeches (auch as &quot;Ace's High&quot; and &quot;Run to the Hills&quot;) and sings to the tone of the melodies and sometimes even creates his own melodies-- but never takes the spotlight from the band as he often did in the 1983 through 1993 period he served with the band.<br />The recording itself is great. The sharp crack of the snare drum and deep, distinctive blow of the bass drum is excellent in this album: the faint bass drum and dull snares of the old Maiden recordings are put to shame here. Steve Harris' bass of course, is heard as always. And the terrible trio's guitars reveal the actual crunch of their riffs in this piece.<br />A great team effort also by the band, and Janick Gers imposes a shock this time by writing some of his best material in his career with this album. Dave Murray, as always, contributes his share, Harris, gives us the epic &quot;Blood Brothers&quot;, Adrian Smith gives us material familiar to their old releases with &quot;THe Fallen Angel&quot;, and Dickinson gives us the strong back bone to his unreleased solo song &quot;The Wicker Man&quot;, with the band augmenting to the song here and here.<br />Steve Harris has also perfected his usage of key boards, as he utilized synthesizers in Somewhere in Time. Over all, this is in in my opinnion the greatest Iron Maiden album--ever.
0385495323|5.0|mr singh's exposition of the history of secret codes and their cracking is ambitiously aimed squarely at the popular market and hits right on target with a tight, enjoyable, instructive and readable book.  well done!
B00004XONN|2.0|The only reason to buy this CD is so people think you're cool when they see it in your CD holder. This CD is boring......Don't listen to those pretenious bastards who write how great this CD is.
0140186409|4.0|The Grapes of Wrath, written by John Steinbeck, is a non-fiction book, story about the Joads' family during in time of 1930's. This book can be simply described as story of a tenant's family who struggles to maintain their lives, but there's more than that. What makes this story beautiful is the author's intention to tell the readers a message called love through the story of them. The love in the story isn't romantic, but it's love within families and neighbors. The family in center of the story is about to kick out from their land. They have a son who just came out of the prison. Also a pseudo priest had joined in the family. Their occupations and situation they're in are worthless, but their love to other members is enormous. Each family member shows love and faith to the others, and it ties them all as one. They dream to have stabilized life in California, but they end up losing every thing they had. Still love remains in their heart. The family shares their love to the strangers. They offer what they could give even though they end up in a situation of barely feeding themselves, which hardly can happen. The family thinks of others who are in worse situation than them first. In the story, the love they shows to the others is big enough to revive the society where obeys nothing but money, power, and egoism. After reading this book, you'll be able to think how big the love of your family is. You also might get a chance to think about egoism, whether you weren't selfish at all. Then you'll learn that love still remains in this world even though people are becoming more world lings. Probably that's what the author wanted to say.<br />The author's message was love to the family and others, but he also intended to give deep emotion to the readers. Therefore, he had set the characters' situation as worth as it could be, and still showing love to their neighbors. This gave the story less reality. When people lose their house, car, and got nothing left to eat, they don't have extra time to think about the others. That's how people are like. The author might want to change basic thoughts of people being selfish, but it made the story unrealistic. If I were the author, I would end the story as happy ending, such as reunite of the family, so the family got what they have deserved for sharing their foods and love to the others. That's more realistic.<br />  The theme of the story is love. Love is the one that makes every life in the world work properly. It isn't money or power that people satisfy with, but it is love that makes people satisfy, through their hearts too. This book shows this fact well, and is recommended to read at least once. This book is recommended to teens and older who lived to be financially rich or be famous. Once those people read this, they may get a chance to look back the life they had lived. Also they'll learn being financially rich isn't the best life, and there is nothing happier than giving and receiving love from others.'t have extra time to think about the others. That's how people are like. The author might want to change basic thoughts of people being selfish, but it made the story unrealistic. If I were the author, I would end the story as happy ending, such as reunite of the family, so the family got what they have deserved for sharing their foods and love to the others. That's more realistic.  <br />            The theme of the story is love. Love is the one that makes every life in the world work properly. It isn't money or power that people satisfy with, but it is love that makes people satisfy, through their hearts too. This book shows this fact well, and is recommended to read at least once. This book is recommended to teens and older who lived to be financially rich or be famous. Once those people read this, they may get a chance to look back the life they had lived. Also they'll learn being financially rich isn't the best life, and there is nothing happier than giving and receiving love from others.
B00000FZQ8|1.0|The only reason I gave it a 1 is because I couldn't give it a 0.  It is totally stale.  If you are a fan of sci-fi, chances are you'll have to fight to stay awake.  The look and feel of the robots is about the one and only redeeming quality of this film.  Avoid it like the plague, even on earth day.
0767804503|1.0|This film is a laughable &quot;adaptation&quot; of a truly remarkable legend...it exemplifies Hollywood's deplorable habit of dumbing-down and trivializing history and mythology. To call this film sentimental bilge is to be far too kind...For a lovely and far more accurate account of the Arthurian legends read the french poet - Chretien De Troyes' - medieval romances.
B00004BZ0N|5.0|I don't know punk from nothin', and I could care less about the so-called politics.  I just know good music when I hear it, and this qualifies and then some.  Check out &quot;Brand New Cadillac&quot;, &quot;Clampdown&quot;, &quot;Rudie Can't Fail&quot;, &quot;I'm Not Down&quot;.... straight-ahead, inyerface rock and roll.  I was not cool enough to let anyone know I listened to the Clash back in the 80s, and I don't even remember why I bought my original vinyl copy, but I knew immediately it was something special.  Listen to the wistfulness in songs like Lost in the Supermarket, the Right Profile, Train in Vain....  That has nothing to do with punk or any other label you want to put on this or any music.  They're really amazing songs performed with passion and conviction. There are so many different musical styles here it's dizzying.  This is another record that stood outside of its own time, and continues to defy the decades.  A must if you really love good music.
B000001DVD|5.0|This was my introduction to Def Leppard...yep waaaay back in '81 my friend who used to take me to work played this cassette over and over and after a few listens, I became curious as to WHO it was we were listening TO.  He wasn't sure himself, and suddenly pressed eject and gave me the tape and said, 'Here, YOU keep it!' That was one of the best gifts I have ever received.  To THIS day 'High 'N Dry' remains my favorite of all of Def Leppard's many great albums.  Saw them in concert a few months back and pulled a few strings and got a backstage pass.  As I chatted with a couple of the bandmates, I got the distinct feeling that this was THEIR personal favorite album, too (but I am not 100% certain).  The song that ALWAYS does it for me is &quot;Mirror Mirror&quot;.  If you haven't heard this song, you will forever wonder why it wasn't a HUGE chart-hit.  To my knowledge, only &quot;Bringin' On The Heartbreak&quot; and &quot;Let It Go&quot; were ever released as radio singles (I work in radio--I checked) but TRUST me, there are at LEAST 6 songs on this album that are every bit as good as any singles from 'Pyromania' OR 'Hysteria'.  Not just good, but if count yourself a Leppard fan, your collection is FAR from complete UNTIL you get 'HIGH 'N DRY'.  Simply put a 1st rate CD by one of hard rocks greatest quartets--before fame began to take its toll.  Also, its interesting to note that this album was recorded when the oldest member was 23, the youngest was 17, which makes 'High 'N Dry' even MORE impressive.
B00003CX8J|4.0|Though highly imaginative with astounding visual effects, \\"X-Men\\" explodes onto celluloid much the same way as most of the other comic book films, with a weak and predictable plot and characters as two dimensional as their paper counterparts.  This is not to say that it isn't entertaining because it is.  It is very high on filmmaking \\"coolness\\" and the action is intense and impressive.  However, it suffers from excessive form and very little substance.<br />The science in this so-called science fiction story is laughable.  If we are to accept the premise presented here, suddenly, over a period of about 50 years, man takes a quantum leap in evolution and dozens of people develop superhuman powers with none of powers duplicated in any two mutants.  There is no explanation as to what triggered so many drastic mutations; it is just a sudden acceleration of evolution.  Well, evolution doesn't work that way, not even close.  Major evolutionary changes are generally separated by thousands or millions of years and it will usually be a single change in a species that elevates the whole species.  So the concept is really more fantasy than science fiction.<br />\\"Lighten up\\", you say.  \\"Who cares if it is science fiction or fantasy anyway?  It is just an awesome movie!\\"  That's a good point.  However, even fantasy films need a plot.  \\"X-Men\\" trots out the same tired storyline; good superheroes battle to save the world from bad superheroes as mere mortals helplessly look on.  There is nothing remotely novel or interesting about the story.<br />The film tries to make itself socially relevant with platitudinous comparisons between social injustice in human history and the persecution of the poor superhuman mutants.  However, the comparison is inapt since true persecution always flows from the strong to the weak and not vice-versa as depicted here.  Feeling sorry for the mutants is like pitying wealthy corporate executives because everyone fears and despises them.  They have the power.  How much sympathy can we have for them?<br />At the risk of inducing a lot of impassioned e-mail, I have to diverge from popular opinion about how great this film was.  This film was all sizzle and no steak.  There was only one character with a shred of substance and that was Wolverine (Hugh Jackman).  The rest were just cardboard cutouts.<br />In 1995, at the age of 29, wunderkind director Bryan Singer directed a brilliant and exquisitely complex film called \\"The Usual Suspects\\".  He then burst into flames with \\"Apt Pupil\\", a dreadful film about a boy who became enamored with an elderly Nazi war criminal who was trying to live out his life quietly in the U.S.  After that disaster, he went underground until \\"X-Men\\".  This film showed that Singer is a stickler for detail and he knows how to make a stupendously vacuous action flick, but it shows not a shred of nuance that would earn it the right to stand in the shadow of \\"Suspects\\".  That film showed that he has a certain directorial genius, but we are not likely to see it emerge again if he keeps taking lucrative, but shallow projects like this.<br />The acting; well, there wasn't much acting to be done.  Anna Pacquin and Hugh Jackman had the only parts that weren't utterly superficial.  Both of them did a good job, actually conjuring up some emotions other than resolute righteousness.  Rebecca Romijn-Stamos looked about as sexy as a human being could when covered in reptilian body armor, and she said all six of her lines like a true professional.<br />I'm being overly hard on the film.  It wasn't bad.  It was very enjoyable.  It just didn't deserve the raves that were doted on it.  I rated it a 7/10 on the strength of the visual effects and the action sequences.  These areas were an easy 10/10.  The screenplay was about a 3/10.  It's definitely worth seeing, but leave your brain at the door.
B00000I07Q|5.0|When I picked up 'New Jersey' all I was hoping for was an album half as good as 'Slippery When Wet'...what I listened to was FAR better (in MY opinion, anyway).  One of my all-time favorite Bon Jovi tunes is 'Wanted Dead Or Alive' and along those lines, on 'New Jersey' you can hear the clearly SUPERIOR 'Ride Cowboy Ride/Stick To Your Guns'.  It's kinda like two songs back-to-back, but one song overall.  'Ride Cowboy Ride' is recorded in mono, and sounds like it was recorded about 75 years ago using primative equipment, but they obviously MEANT for it to sound that way, and HOW the record label missed out on releasing 'Stick To Your Guns' as a single is WAY BEYOND ME.  Get to know Bon Jovi when they sat down and ripped out their all-around best album and you will be very glad you did.
B00004W3MS|5.0|I saw Sigur Ros as a support act for Radiohead in The Netherlands.I wasn't really that impressed 'cause it was the first time I heard them. But now I see why Radiohead chose Sigur Ros as their support band:They're simply stunning.  For a genuine sixties experience just buy 10 oz of grass, this album, Godspeed!you black emperors latest album and Kid A from Radiohead. YEAH man, peace!!!
B000001DV2|5.0|I think this album was my first by Def Leppard that I purchased on CD FIRST.  I confess I am a fan from way back BEFORE they hit the mainstream with 'Pyromania' and at that time, 'High 'N Dry' was hardly known at all, and in fact only album oriented rock radio stations were playing anything off of it (and that was just 'Bringing On The Heartbreak') and it wasn't until the incredible success of their 3rd album that people began to take notice of a band that had produced 2 OTHER albums FIRST, one of which was arguably their all-time best ('High 'N Dry').  But my wife surprised me with 'Adrenalize' just before we moved.  She knew I would be spending a long time alone in my car as we made the drive to our new home, and wanted me to be able to listen to something I would enjoy.  I LOVE MY WIFE!!  This was a great album by my friends from Sheffield, England.  All the obvious songs made it to radio airplay, but a couple of my favorites were left out ('Stand Up Kick Love Into Motion' &amp; 'I Wanna Touch U'). Is 'Adrenalize' their best album to date?  I don't think so, but is it worth the price?  DEFINITELY!!  You just CANNOT call yourself a TRUE Def Leppard fan if you do NOT own this CD.
B00004ZEQX|4.0|First of all, I liked the movie.  Lots of gore, good suspence, and a thing in the cellar.  Be warned though, this movie has a typical Fulci ending - you end up saying &quot;what was that all about?&quot;  I don't know what DVD the other reviewers were watching but mine was not a good transfer.  The dark/black scenes were quantized to a gray scale with very little contrast and sometimes almost looked like negatives.  There are only four scenes to select from in the menu and my Pioneer Elite player couldn't even detect the end of the movie.  At this time, no one like Anchor Bay has this movie so this is the way to go.  I'd buy it again.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|While critics and fans alike will argue endlessly over what constitutes the Cream of the Beatles Vast selection of music, there is no doubting the success of those 4 lads from Liverpool.  There have been plenty of comments regarding the addition of 'Something' which did not reach #1 status on either the American or the British charts and yet 'Please, Please Me' was a #1 hit and yet was somehow omitted.  While this really IS a legitimate gripe, I really have no problem with it simply because I feel that 'Something' truly is a much better song.<br /><br />Other than that, all I can say is, \\"WOW!\\"  What an impressive collection.  There are so few people in HISTORY who can claim even one single Number One song, let alone an entire CD FULL of them.  It really was a different time during the 60's -- and not just socially and politically but ENTIRELY.  The Beatles hold so many world records, but I personally believe their biggest and greatest accomplishment on the charts HAS to be when they held the #1, #2, #3, #4 AND #5 spots on the Billboard chart AT THE SAME TIME.  This is one particular feat that I guarantee you will NEVER be repeated -- not because there will never be a band as good who could do it (which of course IS true) but because of the way the chart system is run these days, it simply WON'T happen again.<br /><br />The Beatles broke so many different barriers during their absolute dominance over the charts of the 60's, and when you become one of their fans, its easy to see why.  The music transcends so many areas of our lives that it allows us to identify with so much they sang about, even if we have literally nothing in common with the men who wrote and sang them.  My older sister used to tell me that The Beatles were the Greatest band of all-time and I used to argue her---USED TO being the key phrase.  Since getting into radio back in the early 90's, I discovered by myself in the media that helped launch the Fab Four into the stratosphere of popularity that they deserved literally every ounce of praise they received.  Even Frank Sinatra said that George Harrison's 'Something' was one of the top 5 love songs of all-time (HIGH praise from a guy who was notorious for snubbing virtually everyone who sang Rock & Roll--with only a tiny number of exceptions).<br /><br />All I can say is this: In the year 2000, The Beatles outsold every act on earth.  Now it is essential to fully appreciate just how incredible that feat is, you must remember they broke up exactly 30 years before.  How many records will Britney Spears be selling in just TEN years from now let alone 30?  Now get this: not only were they the biggest selling group or individual that year, they outsold the #2 thru #10 best selling albums COMBINED.  They routinely sell a half-million records each year.  The simple reason is this: while some acts come and go, every single year a new batch of kids discover the brilliance of The Beatles for themselves and they almost ALWAYS buy at least one or two of their albums.  This is one statistic that is pretty much unique in the world of music, there ARE a few others, but very few.  The amazing truth of the matter is that The Beatles did what nobody before or since have achieved: they produced song after song that quite literally CONNECTED with an incredible number of diverse people all over the world.  Why?  Who knows?  It just happened and continues to this day...and this CD is a fantastic example of what made these four young men the icons they are today.that they deserved literally every ounce of praise they received.  Even Frank Sinatra said that George Harrison's 'Something' was one of the top 5 love songs of all-time (HIGH praise from a guy who was notorious for snubbing virtually everyone who sang Rock & Roll--with only a tiny number of exceptions).   <br /> <br />All I can say is this: In the year 2000, The Beatles outsold every act on earth.  Now it is essential to fully appreciate just how incredible that feat is, you must remember they broke up exactly 30 years before.  How many records will Britney Spears be selling in just TEN years from now let alone 30?  Now get this: not only were they the biggest selling group or individual that year, they outsold the #2 thru #10 best selling albums COMBINED.  They routinely sell a half-million records each year.  The simple reason is this: while some acts come and go, every single year a new batch of kids discover the brilliance of The Beatles for themselves and they almost ALWAYS buy at least one or two of their albums.  This is one statistic that is pretty much unique in the world of music, there ARE a few others, but very few.  The amazing truth of the matter is that The Beatles did what nobody before or since have achieved: they produced song after song that quite literally CONNECTED with an incredible number of diverse people all over the world.  Why?  Who knows?  It just happened and continues to this day...and this CD is a fantastic example of what made these four young men the icons they are today.
0671688782|5.0|We used 'holding time' for those times when our older daughter went completely out of control: hitting us, spitting, trashing her room, won't stay in timeout, etc. It was very successful for us. So successful, that we almost never use it now. My wife and I found Holding Time complementary to Rosemond's 'Making the 'Terrible' Twos Terrific.' Ignore the author's insistence that the technique only works for mothers. This 'maternal gatekeeping' rubbish mars an otherwise extraordinary book
B000001FKY|5.0|Not many people know that during the 1980's, the ONLY artist who OUT-SOLD Def Leppard was Michael Jackson.  When you think of stand-out albums that REALLY stand out, 'Hysteria' has GOT to be at the top-of-the-heap.  I can still recall hearing the first single blaring from a couple of home speakers out the back of a van near the boardwalk in San Diego 'Animal'.  I KNEW within a few seconds I was hearing a new Leppard tune.  I was RIGHT, too!  As far as I can recall, this album produced more radio singles than ANY other Hard Rock band in history ('Animal', 'Rocket', 'Armageddon It', 'Pour Some Sugar On Me', 'Hysteria', 'Love Bites') wouldn't you know it was produced by John 'Mutt' Lange, widely considered one of THE MOST successful producers of the past 20 years (he has produced 5 albums that had 6 radio singles each--NO other producer in HISTORY can match that).  MY personal favorite song is 'Excitable' and I have NO idea how 'Armageddon It' became a single and 'Excitable' didn't, but then again, there is probably a good reason why I am NOT in the music producing biz.  By the way, in concert, the song 'Woman' was one of the best they sang live--but NOTHING they did beat the sound of 'Two Steps Behind' in concert.  If you have a chance to see 'em, do NOT pass it up--despite the way Joe Elliot sings, his voice is remarkably strong and preserved.  GOTTA see 'em if you can!
B000002ADT|5.0|If you have been recently turned onto Jazz and have found your way here, you have come to the Album/CD which all other straight-joe jazz albums are measured against.  This is not Acid Jazz or Kenny G -smooth jazz, this is the real stuff.  When you are ready to take the next step ~ check out WISPER NOT by Keith Jarrett &amp; FIRSTLIGHT by the FGQ.  40-40 Jazzman
0552137030|5.0|I have read many, many books, and some are funny the first couple of times through.  But this book is still funny even after five years of re-re-reading it.  I am still getting funny looks in public when I read it and snort-laugh in public.  I have recommended it (never loaned out my copy, what if they kept it?) to several people and they all have bought it.  <br />The humor is not the only important part of the book though.  There are some serious moments, and some explanations of things I have long wondered about (Elvis, Queen, and Mother Shipton to name a few).<br />All in all, I think everyone, except fundamentalists, should read this book.
B000001ED1|4.0|relish is one of my favorite cds..  i think joan was cast as a one hit wonder with her one of us song.. but, if you listen to the whole thing shes more than that from st. teresa to dracula moon... her voice is beautiful almost a tori amos quality
014050639X|5.0|This is a book that I was first introduced to during an English lesson during my PGCE course. After just one reading I have had to go out and buy my very own copy.<br />I was in awe of the magical combination of rhyme and illustration.<br />The rhyming text is based aroung a game of 'I spy'. There is a lot of rhyme and repition which is very appealing to young children.<br />The book is cleverly crafted to incorporate many well known fairytale and nursery rhyme characters and your job as the reader is to spot them!<br />The Rhymed verses give youngsters clues about who they can look for in each beautiful picture.<br />The book is a wonderful way to introduce children to the world of rhyme and with a second reading the children will be joining in with you.<br />As a basis for classroom work it could be used in many different ways. The children could be encouraged to create their own 'I spy' stories with hidden characters to fool the reader. <br />'Each Peach Pear Plum' is an excellent example of the joys of picture books, it is simple and fun yet intricate and detailed.<br />I challenge you to be unswayed by its charms.
B00003CX8J|4.0|The special effects are good, as is the underlying concept, the mutation that makes them superheroes also makes them outcasts. But the storyline is somewhat simple. What really holds this film together are four great performances.<br />Hugh Jackman is perfect as the powerful Wolverine, the loner who only joins the X-men so as to save his beloved Rogue.  Oscar winner Anna Paquin is beautiful and heartbreaking as the tragic Rogue, denied the ability to ever touch anyone without killing them. Paquin and Jackman's scenes together are truly touching.  And Patrick Stewart's verbal duels with Ian McKellen are masterful. This is actually a very intelligent film. Not great art, but definitely great fun.<br />The home release also includes deleted scenes that everyone agrees should never have been deleted in the first place. The scenes flesh out the characters and add much needed background info. You'll also want to see Hugh Jackman's screen test with Anna Paquin. Supposedly, his chemistry with Paquin is what convinced director Bryan Singer to cast him in the movie.
014050639X|5.0|This is a book that I was first introduced to during an English lesson during my PGCE course. After just one reading I have had to go out and buy my very own copy.<br />I was in awe of the magical combination of rhyme and illustration.<br />The rhyming text is based aroung a game of 'I spy'. There is a lot of rhyme and repition which is very appealing to young children.<br />The book is cleverly crafted to incorporate many well known fairytale and nursery rhyme characters and your job as the reader is to spot them!<br />The Rhymed verses give youngsters clues about who they can look for in each beautiful picture.<br />The book is a wonderful way to introduce children to the world of rhyme and with a second reading the children will be joining in with you.<br />As a basis for classroom work it could be used in many different ways. The children could be encouraged to create their own 'I spy' stories with hidden characters to fool the reader. <br />'Each Peach Pear Plum' is an excellent example of the joys of picture books, it is simple and fun yet intricate and detailed.<br />I challenge you to be unswayed by its charms.
0316921173|4.0|1088 pages. 304 endnotes. one would think that within a book of this length you'd be able to find all of the answers, cf. the holy bible, which, incidentally, it's longer than. while still reading the book, i commented that i got the feeling that the book was building to some immense conclusion. but it never happened, and i've come to realize that that's the magic of this particular novel and why it'll never be an oprah &quot;book of the month&quot; selection: there is no grand emotional climax and you're not fed all of the answers; the mysteries of infinite jest transcend the page and are grappled with in the imagination.<br />now i'll foolishly attempt a plot synopsis, bear with me: most action in infinite jest takes place in the very near future, in the year of the depend adult undergarment, which calculations indicate is approximately 2008. oh, about that year name, in this future, year sponsorship is sold to the highest bidder and the money goes to the government, who in turn use the money to make up for the funds lost when the nation was reconfigured and the great concavity was formed. nation reconfigured? what? well, virulent toxic waste was &quot;discovered&quot; in new york and new england, near the canadian border and the area, needless to say, had to be evacuated. that area became the great concavity, a virtual wasteland where giant feral infants (or hamsters) were said to roam free.<br />in the town of enfield, mass., there exists a tennis academy, founded by the late james o. incandenza, optics specialist and, later, apres-garde filmmaker, and a halfway house called ennett house. at the enfield tennis academy, many of the youngsters are getting high and dream of making &quot;the show, a term for the professional tennis tour, and at ennett house, the inhabitants are getting clean and dream of making it back &quot;out there,&quot; their term for the outside world. the lives of the residents of both of these institutions are paralleled and eventually intersect, particularly the lives of hal incandenza, 16 year-old tennis whiz and son of the late founder, and don gately, a reformed burglar who's now live-in staff at ennett house. in the opening pages of the novel, hal mentions the name of gately before we even know who he is. (i should mention that the book is not in chronological order; cantilevered would be a better way to describe it.)<br />the book features, literally, a cast of thousands -- precocious tennis aces, grizzled a.a. vets, wheelchair-bound terrorists, transvestite coke-addicts, to name a few -- and all of their lives are intertwined in a search for what is called &quot;the entertainment,&quot; a film allegedly made by james incandenza and one that is considered to be lethally entertaining. in a way, it's highly reminiscent of paul thomas anderson's magnolia -- but with enough macabre twists to suggest the film as directed by david lynch -- in which a number of characters find their lives' paths crossing: a line from that film, &quot;we may be through with the past, but the past isn't through with us&quot; is applicable infinite jest, in which everyone's past seems to come back to haunt them.<br />the book, when boiled down to its essence, is about addiction, and particularly america's addiction to its addictions, a country who could very likely be undone by its inability to say &quot;no.&quot; in its pages, you'll find people addicted to pot, crack, prescription meds, television, sports, gambling, sex, and much more. as i've said before, it's incredibly ironic that i found myself addicted to this book, taking the unwieldy thing with me onto the subway and into work. it's a very sad novel, but not one that'll make you cry (and i've seen the book get bad reviews because of just that). the characters in infinite jest are, by and large, emotionally spent; they're burnt-out. when you're finished with the book, hopefully, wallace will have conveyed to you the sadness of our current existence and our spiritual emptiness as a nation, which i think is far more profound than manipulating you into crying over a character's death or some such.<br />the set-up is masterful, as with each new page, we discover a new relation between two characters that we never knew existed or a character mentioned very early on in the novel reappears later. wallace exhibits absolute mastery in his ability to make the language bend to his wishes: his vocabulary and structure are incredible, and he comes across as all-knowing in whatever he discusses, be it television, tennis, or mathematics. some might find the endnotes to be pretentious, but they do serve an important function. sure, we could do without some, but it would just clutter the story to place, for example, james incandenza's filmography into the middle of the novel.<br />the philosophy i employed while reading the book can be summed up as, &quot;one page at a time,&quot; a paraphrase of one of the a.a. slogans mentioned in the book. if you view it as &quot;1 page down, 1087 to go,&quot; you'll drive yourself mad; just enjoy each page as it comes. some might say that no book needs to be 1088 pages long, but very few words here are wasted -- if you got rid of more than, say, 200 pages, it'd be to the book's detriment.<br />and yet, with all of those pages, one can't help but think, once they've finished, that it could stand to be longer, that there's still so much that could be explained like, &quot;what happened in the year or so between the novel's end and its beginning?&quot; there's a part of everyone, i think, that calls out for that, and if you're someone who doesn't like having ends untied and plots unresolved, then infinite jest is not for you. infinite jest becomes a book that exists off of the written page, one that will make you wonder about the lives of its characters long after you've completed the book. too many pieces of art are easily forgotten after one turns off the stereo or leaves the theater or closes its pages, affecting you for the moment but ultimately fading away into the recesses of your mind. infinite jest is a book that will get under your skin if you let it, and it will also reward you greatly when you complete it. and you will: just take it a page at a time.
B00003CXDG|4.0|Let's get one thing straight right away: &quot;MI:2&quot; is NOT &quot;Citizen Kane.&quot; In fact, it isn't even &quot;Die Hard.&quot;<br />But it is one heck of a fun, entertaining movie, and I wholeheartedly recommend it. It's worth the price of admission for the trademark John Woo flourishes (doves, flapping capes, hyperkinetic action, etc.) alone, not to mention the stunning action sequences. <br />Tom Cruise returns as superspy Ethan Hunt, whose rock-climbing vacation (an eye-popping set piece if ever there was one) is rudely interrupted by his new unnamed boss (played nicely by Anthony Hopkins).<br />Hunt's mission is to stop a renegade former IM spy Sean Ambrose (Dougray Scott) from selling a lethal virus on the black market. To get to Ambrose, Hopkins tells Hunt to find the renegade spy's ex-girlfriend, Nyah (played by a radiant Thandie Newton). Of course, Hunt and Nyah fall for each other but not before they try to run each other off a winding mountain road (it's a John Woo flick, folks...deal with it). And of course, Ambrose infects Nyah with the virus, making Hunt's mission two-fold: to save the world AND Nyah. <br />Unlike the original &quot;MI,&quot; which featured so many strange plot twists that it was often difficult to follow, the plot of &quot;MI:2&quot; is so transparent that you can see what'll happen about a half hour before it actually happens.<br />But the point of this film is not plot or characters, though it gamely tries to beef up both; this film is about action. And &quot;MI:2&quot; delivers in droves on this count, with about a half-dozen of the best action set pieces you'll ever see.<br />The only set piece that doesn't succeed grandly is one in which Hunt is dropped into a biotech company's heavily defended high-rise laboratory. The scene works, but it tries too hard to one-up the now-classic scene from the first &quot;MI&quot; film in which Hunt is suspended over a CIA computer.<br />The principal actors all turn in solid action-style performances (especially Cruise and Newton, whose chemistry is tangible), and the requisite summer-movie lines (&quot;That's why it's 'Mission Impossible,' Mr. Hunt,&quot; Hopkins tells Hunt) are all present and accounted for.<br />Overall, if you put your brain on autopilot for a couple of hours, &quot;MI:2&quot; will reward you with a superior action experience.
B00001NFCY|4.0|This album is a bunch of soft metal songs.  My favorite songs are What If, Beautiful, Never Die, With Arms Wide Open, and Higher.  All the songs are good and melodic, loud but soft metal.  The only flaw is that Scott's voice can get annoying.<br />I was flipping channels one night and stumbled on The My VH1 Music Awards on VH1.  They had just announced that Creed had won the Welcome To The Big Time Award.  That's not true.  Creed has been selling records since 1997 with their also great album, &quot;My Own Prison&quot;.  I would buy this if you are a fan of anything but rap or hip hop, because it is far from that.  From the love crying ballads such as With Arms Wide Open to the loud songs such as What If, this album was truly made of &quot;Masterpice Clay&quot;.  B (Scott's voice is annoying and some tracks get boring after a while.)
B00003CXA6|4.0|&quot;Gettysburg&quot; is one of the more ambitious film projects in recent memory; it tries very hard to be historically accurate and make that history entertaining. <br />Unforunately, &quot;Gettysburg&quot; fails on the second count, but the events and ideas in this film are so compelling that you can't help but be swept up in it.<br />Think of this film as the best history lecture you'll ever attend and you'll get the idea; like a lecture, &quot;Gettysburg&quot; is chock full of facts, and like the best lectures, it's absolutely compelling. But you don't expect a lecture to have real emotional punch, and except for isolated moments, &quot;Gettysburg&quot; doesn't either. <br />The star of this film is the history of the battle itself, which is re-created on the actual battlefields of Gettysburg by thousands of Civil War re-enactors. We learn about the strategies of both sides, the fateful decisions and why they were made, and even get a glimpse into the humanity of the men who fought.<br />It bears mentioning that this film doesn't even mention slavery, the issue that caused the Civil War. It would have been easy to demonize the Confederates for fighting for slavery (or, as &quot;The Patriot&quot; did, gloss over the subject completely), but instead, we see them simply as men who fought for a bad cause. That they fought nobly for that cause adds an extra layer of depth and richness to this history. <br />The only count this film failed on, in my opinion, was making the key players portraits instead of real characters. They talk a lot about what the war means (usually accompanied by swelling music), but the overall effect is to make them portraits, not real characters, and the talented group of actors portraying them seem to be sleepwalking.<br />Only Confederate General Armistead (Richard Jordan, in his last role) comes off as a true character with a problem we can relate to: his best friend from West Point is at Gettysburg fighting for the Union. His speech about the sad situation is absolutely heartbreaking, and brings one of the real tragedies of the war into sharp relief. <br />I wish the filmmakers had done the same thing for other characters, especially Robert E. Lee. <br />These quibbles aside, &quot;Gettysburg&quot; is quite a filmmaking achievement, and it's a worthy investment of your time.
B00000J6AG|5.0|This album was very versitile.  Their are sad songs(Natural Blues, etc.), funny songs(Honey, etc.), and dance songs(Bodyrock, etc.).  I'm not into much techno but I loved &quot;Play&quot;.  In most techno it's just a bunch of repetitve beats throughout the whole cd.  Moby brings versitality and variety into techno.  Moby is a one of a kind techno artist.  He's been around for about a decade, more than most of the techno artists, and he has more experiance.  I think he is the best techno artist around.  In a normal techno album I get bored after the second track.  I can listen to &quot;Play&quot; any time I want for as long as I want.  The only flaw is that it is still techno and I don't like techno much but I still gave it five stars.  Please buy this album.  It is great for all music fans, from metal fans to classical fans, from rap fans to jazz fans.  I reccomend this to absolutely everybody.  A-(It is still techno.)
6302732875|1.0|What a depressing and boring movie.  I'm all for deep thinking flicks...but geeze...give us something.  I really HATED this film.
0780018664|5.0|Director Fritz Lang's bleak, intense criminal masterpiece &quot;M&quot; is one of the cinema's most important and interesting works...and should be a real &quot;must see&quot; for any fan of foreign cinema.<br />Peter Lorre in his acting debut plays a sinister, cold blooded child murderer prowling the shadowy and darkened streets of Berlin looking for victims to slake his violent desires. Loosely based around the true tale of German mass murderer, Fritz Haarman, who preyed on young males in the early twenties, before losing his head to the guillotine !! ....Lang's subject matter was very controversial on several levels and Lang's film is a jarring ride through a world of suspense and terror that ultimately finds the predator becoming the prey. Lorre eludes the frustrated Berlin police force, but finds that his criminal peers can no longer tolerate his barbarity and so they set about judging this outcast member of their community in their own fashion. <br />Lang truly was a magnificent director and this dark, atmospheric cauldron of intense performances is one of Germany's finest films. A movie not easily forgotten and one bound to evoke spirited conversation amongst viewers of this great work.<br />A genuine masterpiece of the cinema.....10 stars !!
B00003CXE7|4.0|Overall, the movie is beautifully laid out.  However, in the very beginning of the movie, the one scene before the battle begins, where the Germanic people &quot;moon&quot; the Romans, has been cut out entirely.  It was the Germans' last moment of defiance before getting their tails kicked . . . and they cut it!  It makes me wonder what else might have been cut from the theatrical version.
0684857820|5.0|What happened to Alice Sebold shouldn't happen to anyone.  That she survived her ordeal at all is miraculous, but that she found a voice with which to describe her experience with clarity, with tremendous insight and with warmth is almost unbelievable, yet this is exactly what she does with Lucky.<br />As a studen at Syracuse University in 1980, Alice is the victim of a horribly brutal rape as she leaves a friends house.  The experience understandably shatters her, but even she does not realize the depth of her feelings or the effect they are having on her life and behavior.  She eventually sees her rapist again, and takes us through the trial and subsequent events in her life, which are tied intricately to the rape even though she is unaware of it.  The afterward picks up ten years after the book opens as she is still battling with the emotional scars that have not yet healed.<br />That anyone can talk about such horror at all is amazing, but Alice really allows readers inside her head, hiding nothing from them.  Her painful interactions with her family and friends as they try to do what's best for her, and as she tries to convince them that she's 'recovered' come across as achingly real as they were for her.  Readers, too, can see how damaged Alice still feels even as she tells herself that she's not, and I felt myself rooting for this heroic woman throughout the book, hoping that she would find whatever justice that she could and pick up the pieces of her life.<br />This is no maudlin tale, not at all romanticized or sugar coated, which may be difficult for some to take, as it was for me at times.  But I kept reading because I was so amazed at what was being offered, that someone was sharing such a personal experience, something that affects more women than most people know.  I am fortunate enough not to know someone who has endured a similar ordeal, although I now think I have some very limited insight into what a person might experience.  <br />I applaud AliceSebold for her bravery in putting forth her story, and I think this book is an important one.  It's not an easy read nor one to be taken lightly, but I feel that I learned so much from it.  And the fact that this book represents Alice's triumph makes it all the more rewarding.
B00003CX8J|5.0|I never knew anything about the X-Men comic book series before buying this movie.  I thought it would be bad but people recommended I buy this movie.  I bought it and was I wrong!  This movie is awesome.  Even for a person who knows nothing about X-Men the story line and the conflict are easy to follow.  The action in this is great.  Buy this DVD it belongs in you collection!
B00003CWRX|5.0|A review of THE INSIDER by one of my Favorite People living in one of the Baltic states has recently appeared, and which gave the film only 2 stars - a significant shortfall from what I believe the picture was worth, i.e. 5 stars.<br />Granted, the film didn't win Best Picture at the Oscars. But, there can only be one Best Picture winner, and that petty detail in the rules shouldn't detract from the excellence of the runner-ups in any particular year.  I do believe, however, that THE INSIDER is not likely to engage non-US audiences for two reasons. First of all, \\"60 Minutes\\" is a  revered American television icon, not British, Brazilian, Japanese, Egyptian, Indian, Latvian, or whatever. (It's one of the rare network programs worth watching anymore. The rest is just garbage.) The scandal that ensued (and which THE INSIDER portrays), when this much respected investigative news show caved to Big Tobacco and suppressed a story unfavorable to the latter, was chiefly an American reaction. Secondly, as near as I can discern, the disgust felt for the hypocrisy of Big Tobacco is, again, basically an American phenomenon. The majority of the rest of the world doesn't care, and continues to smoke like chimneys!<br />The performances of both Al Pacino and Russell Crowe were both first class. That of the latter was the most pleasantly surprising since he's a relative newcomer to the silver screen. And what can one say about Pacino? He gets better with age, much like Sean Connery, Bruce Willis, Michael Douglas, and Harrison Ford. And what's wrong with that?! They all demonstrate that quality known in life as \\"maturity\\". The thought of a Ben Affleck, Matt Damon or Brad Pitt playing Pacino's role, as good as these rising young stars are, is positively ludicrous.<br />More to the cinematic point in closing, how many lesser films regarded as absolute swill by US audiences have scored big at the overseas box offices? Hmmm? There's no accounting for taste.
B000002897|5.0|I guess I am just adding more of the same here, but I just thought I would say that this is my favorite album of all time. I've had this CD since 1992, I own hundreds of other cd's, but this has always remained my mainstay. Rocking, introspective, sparse, heavy, quiet, deep...Mark Lanegan and Co. deliver a masterpiece.
B000002VTE|4.0|OK, I'll tell you right off the bat that Lazer Guided Melodies is my favourite Spiritualized album. It's the one that belongs in everyone's collection, but if you already have that one - and like it - pick this one up as well. This album is full of Jason Pierce's trademark haziness. The lyrics are obliquely about religion, relationships, drugs, and loss. LAGWAFIS is probably going to be the 'relationship' album in Spiritualized's catalogue. This was recorded while Pierce and then-girlfriend/bandmember Kate Radley were breaking up. As a result, the album could be seen as a theme album for relationships - blissful beginnings (I Think I'm in Love), doubt during hard times (Stay With Me), longing for what was lost (The Individual, Broken Heart), darkness before the dawn (No God Only Religion), and then redemption and peace (Cool Waves).<BR> While many parts of this album really work, there are too many areas that wander for me. Knowing that they can produce a tight, focused album (Lazer Guided Melodies again!), hearing some of the filler is kinda disappointing. While I believe The Individual sets up Broken Heart perfectly, some of the extraneous musings on Cop Shoot Cop or No God Only Religion seem aimless. I think that Spiritualized are one of the most amazing bands around today - and I'll buy whatever they release. However, for me this album doesn't show their full potential.
B000002U82|5.0|What really remains to be said? The only truly adequate review of such a phenomenon as this would be itself a work of art. After not giving this album a fair listen in the early 80s, I thank the two young men who played it as we rode aboard a train rolling through the south of England back in 86.
B000002IR9|5.0|Otis Redding &amp; Carla Thomas recorded one album together, but it is an R&amp;B gem.  Motown started the duet album trend by pairing Marvin Gaye with Mary Wells, Kim Weston &amp; most famously Tammi Terrell, so this was Stax/Volt's rebuttal.  The album is made up of mostly covers, but Mr. Redding &amp; Ms. Thomas attack the songs with a ferocity and verve that makes them sound all there own.  Mr. Redding's smooth voice easily mingles with the sass of Ms. Thomas' and this is no better illustrated than on &quot;Tramp&quot; which is pure Southern Soul.  They do a tender take on Sam &amp; Dave's &quot;When Something Is Wrong With My Baby&quot; and Aaron Neville's &quot;Tell It Like It Is&quot; while ripping it up on Eddie Floyd's &quot;Knock On Wood&quot; &amp; &quot;Lovey Dovey&quot;.  It is interesting to hear them do the Gaye/Weston song &quot;It Takes Two&quot; as there is always was a rivalry between Motown &amp; Stax/Volt.  King &amp; Queen was a boastful title and the two more than live up to the claim.
B000002C1V|5.0|&quot;Final Cut&quot; is a restless collection of musical angst, which lacked the focus of &quot;Dark Side&quot;. It clearly demonstrates that the 80s were the era of Ronald Reagan and Star Wars, whilst the 70s came complete with lava lamps and high times.
0790749815|4.0|Although I think this is a very good film, I do not believe it is one of Hitchcock's best pictures. The main problems I have with the film are that the pace of is a little too slow and some of the action sequences are a bit dated. There is also no getting around some of the set shots, which are a bit trite. On location shooting would have been much more effective. As an aside, I think Welles is a slightly better director when comparing the best work of these two directors.
B000000WA4|5.0|This album deserves five stars if for no other reason that the Pumpkins (unlike Springsteen and GNR) had it to release a double album. Corgan and company demonstrate a departure from the slick style so apparent on their 1993 classic &quot;Siamese Dream&quot;. For &quot;Mellon Collie&quot; the Pumpkins elected instead to go with a somewhat rougher edge, albeit computer-aided at times. Disc one features an addictive flow of well-written music that opens with a simple instrumental. It continues with such video classics as &quot;Tonight, tonight&quot; and &quot;Bullet With Butterfly Wings&quot;. Disc two is a mixture of surreal ballads and edgy rockers. &quot;1979&quot; will send anyone reeling who spent the era of Donna Summer and the Village People as an adolescent.
0790749815|4.0|Although I think this is a very good film, I do not believe it is one of Hitchcock's best pictures. The main problems I have with the film are that the pace of is a little too slow and some of the action sequences are a bit dated. There is also no getting around some of the set shots, which are a bit trite. On location shooting would have been much more effective. As an aside, I think Welles is a slightly better director when comparing the best work of these two directors.
B000000WG4|5.0|I can tell you this is a very relaxing music especially if you have head phones that let the music ebb from side to side. This isn't a disapointment.., believe me .  It'll melt your tension away.
0790749815|4.0|Although I think this is a very good film, I do not believe it is one of Hitchcock's best pictures. The main problems I have with the film are that the pace of is a little too slow and some of the action sequences are a bit dated. There is also no getting around some of the set shots, which are a bit trite. On location shooting would have been much more effective. As an aside, I think Welles is a slightly better director when comparing the best work of these two directors.
B000002B7O|5.0|Ah, the last album of Ozzy's to feature the great Randy Rhoads before his tragic death.  I can't seem to decide where to put this album in relation to other Ozzy albums.  I think &quot;No More Tears&quot; is my favorite, even though Zakk Wylde isn't quite as good as Randy Rhoads.  You get better soloing on this album, but &quot;No More Tears&quot; has better song structures in general.  On this one, the first three songs are the strongest, my favorite of them being &quot;You Can't Kill Rock and Roll&quot;, though I'm still not sure what he's trying to to say in that song, but the rest just seem to lack something.  They're good songs, but not &quot;instant classics&quot;.  I think &quot;Blizzard of Ozz&quot; is a better example of Randy's abilities (I mean, &quot;Crazy Train&quot;, come on).  This won't spend as much time in the player as &quot;Blizzard&quot; and NMT, but this one is still great.  If you are an Ozzy fan (and you'd better be!), you can't go wrong.
0684833395|5.0|Having read this book for no other reason than I thought I should I must say I am frankly envious of those with the opportunity to study it. Anyone who reads Catch-22 will rave about it; no formal dissection is necessary to communicate the mutual wonder which shines clearly out of the ensuing rather incoherant duet of praise.   Convincing the rest of the world is another matter, one I feel I should leave to those who have done more than just read the book. However I remain skeptical that anyone could ever do justice to this novel, no matter how effusive their praise. <br />&quot;He knew everything about literature except how to enjoy it&quot;. Well Heller has created a book that won't let you avoid enjoyment. Enjoy!
B00003CX8J|3.0|X-Men could've been the best film of the summer. It's still mostly good,  but it has a bunch of flaws- little lapses in direction- that, combined,  hurt the film. In other words, this film is pretty good, but by no means  great. <br />For a comic-book adaptation or any action film, the story is exceptionally  smart and clever. There are a number of clever little details which  combine to make a very convincing setting. For example, Xavier's school is  just like a regular school, and its students have their own quirks (like  when a boy uses teleportation in a basketball game and the other kids  yell &quot;Hey, no fair! We said no powers!&quot;). The  allusions to racial and ethnic tensions in our own world are apparent in  the persecution of mutants, the McCarthyism of Sen. Kelly, and the  opposing philosophies of Magneto (Malcolm X) and Prof. Xavier (MLK, Jr.).  I like how the two were friends yet separated by principle. All the  conversation scenes with them are clever and entertaining; we can tell  that these two people have known each other for a long time and are aware  of each other's nuances and behaviors. And, even though it consisted  mostly of innuendo jokes, the love triangle between Logan, Cyclops, and  Jean Grey provides nice tension among the X-Men.<br />The characterizations are well-done. The opening scene, of a concentration  camp, is in exact contrast to what one would expect from a comic-book  action film, and the tone of it (hopeless, desperate, isolated, angry,  dark) sets the stage for the themes about to be presented in the movie  later on. It creates understanding for Magneto, and a human connection to  the mutant. The superheroes in this film are not perfect and happy; the  film not only shows us how they suffer and have their own inner conflicts,  but also portrays the responsibilities and risks each of their superpowers  entails. (Like when Rogue asks Logan, &quot;Does it hurt when they come out?&quot;  and he answers, &quot;Every time.&quot;) This is a serious, realistic superhero  film. There's almost no parody or self-mockery of the characters that  would be used to &quot;lighten things up.&quot; That's very refreshing. <br />But X-Men has its flaws, which end up showing why it can be called pretty  good, but not great. First of all, the story. By itself, the story for X- Men is great, in theory at least. But in the context of the film, it's  not. Its weakness comes from its application. It's simply given way too  much time in the film. Because it's blown all out of proportion, it loses  its effect by being stretched too far. It should've been secondary to the  most important element: the action. If it were compressed more, the effect  would've been magnified and it would've worked a lot better. X-Men's story  is good, but not good enough to survive being given as much screen time as  it was. It becomes tedious. It takes up so much, the action only has about 15 minutes to  develop. This is a result of a script that still needed work, and some bad  editing.<br />Secondly, X-Men is a little weak in its visual aspect, and doesn't have a  lot of imagination put into it. The sets, effects, and detail simply  aren't well thought-out or original enough to be called great. If you want  to see a truly visual film, watch Gladiator (definitely the best film of the summer), which has wonderful, diverse  sets, with minute detail packed into every scene and setting. X-Men has  nothing special like this. And the costumes (except Mystique's) look like they were bought at some cheap Halloween outfit store.<br />Finally, the third weakness X-Men has is, unfortunately, the most  important aspect: the action. Although director Bryan Singer did a good  job overall with X-Men, his direction at times could be summed up in one  word: lazy. He lets the story get expanded to insane lengths, and one can  so obviously tell he's a novice at action. The action scenes are  undeveloped (with only about 15 minutes net screen time,it's no wonder);  the mutants' powers are never really taken advantage of (Toad, one of the  best, appearing for a whopping 5 minutes, 2 1/2 minutes of which he spent  fighting with his tongue, which is just stupid). The action has a poorly- made, hokey quality about it; besides the flaws I just mentioned, the wire  work is awful: whenever someone is thrown or blown away by an impact of  some sort, they fly across the room completely horizontally, as if they're  on a trolley. And during the Wolverine vs. Mystique fight (the best part  of the film), the martial arts are sluggish and the actors seem to be  slowing down for each other's benefit, so that they'd get all the moves  down. Whenever Mystique kicks or flips, it looked awkward and forced-  again, the poor wire work. Not to mention that this looks like a ripoff of  an action scene from The Matrix, only slower.<br />You won't be sorry seeing X-Men, but it isn't anything special. Go see (or  see again, or buy) Gladiator, the best film of the summer, or The Matrix,  or The Phantom Menace, all excellent examples of how an action film should  be done. This is still a good film. I am giving it three stars, after all. I applaud  Singer for actually making a smart, clever comic-book adaptation. But if  there will be a sequel, I hope another director is attached to it, one who  can truly take advantage of the potential this material has.
B00004S367|5.0|Music Of My Mind is the first album that Stevie Wonder took complete musical and creative control of.  On his prior album, Where I'm Coming From, he took a major step towards controlling his musical vision, but on this release, he was in charge.  This album finds him tackling more adult subjects with a deeper and richer sound.  &quot;Love Having You Around&quot; opens the album on a smooth note and then &quot;Superwoman&quot; follows.  This was his most complex and compelling song to date and its depth and length showed he could write more than just 3 minute pop tunes.  There's an overall feeling of happiness as evidenced by &quot;I Love Everything About You&quot;, &quot;Sweet Little Girl&quot; &amp; &quot;Happier Than The Morning Sun&quot;.  &quot;Keep On Running&quot; has a funky groove and foreshadows the music he would further explore on Talking Book &amp; Innervisions.
B0000024UX|5.0|I can't say much more about this outstanding album that others haven't already said. If you heard this album and weren't familiar with the other S&amp;G work, you would think this is a &quot;best of&quot; compilation - every song is great. But it isn't a compilation, just a regular album. <br />One thing - as far as I know, it hasn't been remastered, and it really needs to be remastered. The remasters on the new &quot;Best of S&amp;G&quot; CD show how much better these tracks would sound if the album was remastered.<br />PS - A remastered edition was released in August 2001, with two bonus tracks.  Be sure to get this version.
B000002NBY|5.0|Prior to the release of Graceland in 1986, Paul Simon was already a musical superstar.  From his 60's days as one half of Simon &amp; Garfunkel to his solo work the 70's, he created some of the most memorable songs in music.  Through it all, the basis of his music was an acoustic guitar and deeply rooted in American sounds like doo wop, folk or jazz.  When one heard the South African rhythms that came from Graceland, the last person you'd expect them to come from would be Mr. Simon.  The lyrical content of the album is no surprise as Mr. Simon is one of the best in the business, but the musical backing is fresh, new and vibrant.  &quot;The Boy In The Plastic Bubble&quot; just explodes out of your speakers and for some reason the song reminds me of a carnival.  Ladysmith Black Mambazo adds stirring vocals to the sublime &quot;Diamonds On The Soles Of Her Shoes&quot; while adding a plaintive almost mournful sound to &quot;Homeless&quot;.  Linda Ronstadt supplies a fine harmony vocal on &quot;Under African Skies&quot; while Los Lobos assists on the albums closer &quot;All Around The World&quot;.  &quot;You Can Call Me Al&quot; had a hilarious video with Chevy Chase but beside having a good video, the song is as bouncy and catchy as anything he's ever recorded.  He not only uses South African beats, but he explores zydeco music on &quot;That Was Your Mother&quot; and stays at home on the title track.  Graceland is the peak of Paul Simon's long and illustrious career.
B00003CXE7|5.0|I watched this for the third time wondering if it deserved its popularity and rave reviews.  It really does.  The cinematography deserves five stars by itself.  There are some of the most awe-inspiring visuals here that I have ever seen.  And the more you watch it,  the better it gets because you can really pay attention to the detail of the scenery.  Then comes the great story line.  It was just good writing and scripting.  The characters are all very interesting and likeable and pitiful.  Joaquin Phoenix put on a performance that is probably the envy of many actors.  And of course Russell Crowe is great to cheer for.  I don't think there is quite perfection here,  but I have yet to see a film that is perfect.  In many ways,  this one comes close.<br />And for the DVD,  this is also a great adaption to DVD.  There are some great special features here.  Probably too much for the casual viewer,  but for the big fans that want to dig deep there is a bunch of good stuff here.  And not to mention the superior picture and excellent sound.
B000001FT7|4.0|What made Traffic such a top-flight band was the musical prowess of its members. They got caught up in musical trends on their first couple of albums (i.e. the psychedelic nature of their debut), but in concert, their true greatness came through.  Welcome To The Canteen has the most expansive Traffic line-up bridging the gap between the original band and the last edition by having Winwood, Mason, Capaldi, Wood, Grech &amp; Reebop.  The musical interplay between the members is on target especially on the Spencer Davis Group classic, &quot;Gimme Some Lovin'&quot; and &quot;Medicated Goo&quot;. They are a great jam band and they do it without getting bogged down with long &amp; boring guitar solos like some other groups do. It would have been nice to have fleshed out the album to a double-set to include some additional tracks, but Welcome To The Canteen is still a solid live album.
B00004RFFI|5.0|This title has the most adrenaline-pumping sound I've ever heard off a DVD. Even on my low-budget package home-theater system, the DTS soundtrack is absolutely mind-blowing.<br />It's universally acknowledged that Twister is light on plot. It has the most predictable storyline of 1996, and why not? A heavy plot would only detract from the jaw-dropping thrill of watching nature's dark, windy instruments of terror rip apart buildings and launch missiles of debris through the air. So hit the couch, hold tight, and don't forget to catch your breath.
B000002J20|4.0|Tales From Topographic Oceans is the album where Yes reached their symphonic and progressive rock peak and excess.  The original album was split up into four sides with one song per side each clocking in at about 20 minutes.  The idea to do the album and the four song suites are highly ambitious.  The band was were in peak form with Chris Squire's bass playing deserving special notice.  Many people have criticized the album as self-indulgent and bombastic and to a degree this is true.  But it's the high-mindedness that makes it such an interesting and challenging listen.  Granted it is a little slow and tedious in places, but overall the song's movements and depths make it worth multiple listens.
B00003CXCS|5.0|Story : Based on a true story, a nun (Maria) filled with wonders is assigned to the Von Trapps family as a matron. Maria at first sees the coldness between the relation ship with the father and his children; for the wife Von Trapp loved, and the mother the children lived had passed away. At first, the children dislikes Maria. But later, with various events, Maria becomes the light in the Von Trapps family they once had lost. Von Trapp and Maria falls in love with eachother, but the war occuring in europe effects their country Austria. Von TRapp, once a captain of a ship, has been forced to serve in the Nazi's army. In the end, the Von Trapp's family escapes on foot through the mountains once Maria had loved and sang of. With the dramatic scene, the Beautifull movie ends with such happyness and love.<br />Music : The most important part in this movie is the music! So, many famous songs were written for this movie like &quot;Do-re-me&quot; song, &quot;&quot;the sound of music&quot;, &quot;Eldewies&quot;, &quot;sixteen going on seventeen&quot;, &quot;My favorite things&quot;, etc. These classic songs makes the movie such a beautiful one. It starts with Maria singing in the mountains and end with the Von Trapps family walking on the same mountains with the music in the backgraound. I just love the music~! Not even a single song makes this movie boring. It makes it even lively~! <br />Characters: Maria has a very jumping and tough image with such a soft heart inside which affects the once very loving Von Trapp. Von Trapp is very cold, but later becomes such a gentleman with a great voice to sing with. Each Child of the Von trapp's has their own character which makes little stories along with the movie. They are the connecter of the love of Maria's and Von trapp's.<br />in a rating scale from 1 to 10, i say 11~! academy award winner. A lasting movie than &quot;Titanic&quot; for sure~!
B00004U2G4|4.0|Jeff Beck made his name as a guitar virtuoso in the seminal English rock group The Yardbirds.  Striking out on his own, he enlisted the aid of a young Scot, an unknown Rod Stewart and future Stone, Ron Wood to create a real 60's gem.  The opening track is a remake of his previous band's &quot;Shape Of Things&quot; and it shows off his furious guitar work as well as Mr. Stewart's whiskey-soaked vocal prowess.  The album moves between blues tracks like &quot;You Shook Me&quot;, &quot;Blues Deluxe&quot; &amp; &quot;I Ain't Superstitious&quot; to traditional stuff like the folksy &quot;Greensleeves&quot; (Mr. Beck shows he can play the acoustic guitar with the same skills as the electric) and the traditional &quot;'Ol Man River&quot;.  A truly adventurous album that may well be the peak of Mr. Beck's career.
B00004XONN|4.0|I had heard of Radiohead, but never heard Radiohead.  Except for Creep way back when.  This album thoough got me interested.  88.5 the student run radio station at Georgia State University would play &quot;Idioteque&quot; (Track 8), and I was like man who is that.  Well if you are new to Radiohead, but you like The Cure, Stereolab, Depeche Mode's &quot;Music for the Masses&quot; album and ambient and trance music, then &quot;Kid A&quot; will be a good album for you.
B00001NFCY|1.0|This is THE ABSOLUTE WORST COMPILATION OF TRIPE I'VE HEARD SINCE BRITNEY SPEARS!!!  Creed are uninspired, unoriginal Pearl Jam wannabes....  To me, Creed represents all that is wrong with music in the last ten years and Creeds fans are like so many mindless drones; sheep carelessly off to the slaughter of creativity and free thought.  I shudder to think where the human race will end up traipsing off to blindly follow this pathetic, wishy-washing, inane dribble.  Did someone say sanctimonious posturing?  AMEN, BROTHER!!!!
B00003CWTI|5.0|A lot of movies try to weave together many plotlines, and most fail at some point.  Usually a weak link causes the whole thing to collapse.  &quot;Magnolia&quot; does not suffer from this problem, and as the movie goes on, it only becomes more and more riveting, as connections between characters unfold.  The storytelling is first-rate, and at no point, does one thread become more interesting than all the others.  So there is no disappointment when the scence changes.  This movie has a lot to say about the role of chance in one's life, and about how much of what we do is really our own choice.  The ending is both funny and surprising, and will most likely cause you to think about it for days.  It's been a long time since I've seen a movie that caused me to do that.
0553573403|5.0|How can anybody not like this book. Coming off of Book 6 of the Sword of Truth novel, I was looking for something new to start.  After reading many reviews I decided to pick up The Game of Thrones. WOW!. Fantastic read. In the process of reading Clash of Kings,and the magic continues. Don't listen to the bad reviews, those people should be reading Harry Potter.
079073382X|5.0|I have these two rules, regarding romantic comedies and what I need to enjoy them.  First, I have to fall in love with the girl.  Second, I can't envy the boy who gets to have that girl fall in love with him. <br />I fell in love with Julie Delpy.  Her Celine was doe-eyed and precious, moving effortlessly through the streets of Vienna like a water nymph.  And she was whip-smart to boot.  She was demure, shy, and hopelessly romantic.  And then in moments, shockingly blasphemous (her exclamation under the stars is the most apt use of the f-word I can think of).<br />And Ethan Hawke is deserving of her affection.  Even though we've seen him play this kind of character before (unwashed, verbose, faux-beatnik), his Jesse is not the least bit annoying.  He is her equal in intellect, innocence, and world-weariness (a neat trick having all three in one package, no?).<br />These two have a wonderful time in this movie.  From the first, electrically charged moments when they meet on the train, to their long walk-and-talks through the Viennese streets, to their inevitable parting, every moment was entertaining, alive, and true.  My favourite scene, sitting in a coffee-shop booth, had them play-acting the phone calls each would make to their best friends, telling the story of the person they met on the train.  It says much with very little, and for me is the moment that truly seals their relationship, because it manages to mix 1990's-style self-awareness with 1950's-style unabashed romanticism.  <br />There really is no story here.  They meet, they talk (great dialogue, by the way; feels improvised, but in a good way).  What gives the drama weight is that they (and the audience) know that they're obviously perfect for each other, yet will only have one night together.  It's a great setup that's executed perfectly.  Some would say the ending is kind of hokey, but really, what would you do in the same situation?
B00004XONN|1.0|Many reviewers will tell you that &quot;Kid A&quot; is the sound of a band challenging their audience with experimental new sounds, radical new approaches to arranging songs and a fresh take on what it means to make &quot;pop&quot; music.<br />I - on the other hand - will tell you that &quot;Kid A&quot; is the sound of a band totally out of sync with the rest of the world, with an inflated idea of what their role as &quot;pop&quot; musicians are, and with absolutely no clue as to what an experimental rock album should sound like.<br />(An experimental Rock album, well, that's your &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot;, your &quot;Pet Sounds&quot;, your &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot;, your &quot;Achtung Baby&quot;... )<br />I can't decide if Radiohead should take MORE drugs or less drugs, but I do know that they ought to stay away from music until they start falling in love with songs again. Because this is the sound of a band that at the moment hates music.
B000002MP2|5.0|All I have to say is that Green Day rules and this album does too. The only problem is that u cant really understand what their saying but nobody really cares what their saying anyways. It has a lot of dope songs and I just love this cd; and maybe u would too.
B00003CX8J|4.0|When I first heard that the X-Men were about to hit the big screen, my first thought was that what we'd get was a cheap and fast &quot;made-for-video&quot; affair, where no-names with no brains would run around in latex and generally give Stan Lee's most inspired creation a bad name.<br />How wrong was I!<br />OK - so maybe this film doesn't carry the impact of &quot;Superman&quot;, nor the stylish slick of &quot;Batman&quot;; however - this is a better film. It has brilliant actors, newcomer Hugh Jackman steals the entire film with his fantastic performance as Wolverine, and the casting of Patrick Stewart as Professor Xavier and Ian McKellan as Magneto is nothing short of inspired.<br />I could go on and on about this film - however, what really sells this is that Non-X-men-fans will dig it. My girlfriend, never having read a single X-Men comic, thought it was brilliant. You can't do better than that.
1884822312|5.0|One of the best ways to improve one's play is to understand and see tactics over the board. To do this, one needs to practice solving problems. The more you do, looking to see all of the variations and nuances of a position, the better you'll get. When I got this book, I just started plowing into it. There are so many problems of differing motifs and difficulty. The results were immediate, I started winning more games through combinations. And I don't miss as many easy opportunities as I did. Improving takes work, and this book gives you material to work on!
6301008723|1.0|Classic? Horror? I don't think so.  I consider myself to be a film buff but I could hardly pay attention to this movie.  The effects were comical, I would have laughed if I wouldn't had been so bored to tears.  The plot was ridiculous and the characters were anemic.  The most disappointing aspect was its failure to meet the hype.  Every time the music began playing and practically nothing would happen, I'd get angry at the director for wasting the music, which could have been this movie's only saving grace. I was sorely disappointed.  Don't believe the hype.
1573226521|5.0|Alex Garlands debut is without doubt the finest novel of the 90's. Its perfectly crafted stucture and invigorating narrative make it impossible to put down. The prose is first rate, never dwindling and the characters succeed in being both realistic and bizarre.<br />I think everyones favourite character is Richard. I dont think I've ever felt more intimate with a first person narrator (No-not even in Catcher in the Rye). His amorality and crazed imagination make him irrisitable to the reader. His relationship with Jed is both entertaining and gripping. My favourite chapter is when they are together in the hospital tent- &quot;You see Daffy when you see me&quot;- its incredibly haunting!<br />Please dont let &quot;The Beach&quot; movie put you off this gem of a novel. Actually, in regards to the film I'd like to say I thought the direction and acting were excellent, but the awful screenplay let it down. There is a good reason that Richard doesn't get the girl in the book! And why re-write such a powerful ending? Philistines.  <br />In regards to Alex Garlands second novel &quot;The Tesseract&quot; I can tell you that it is nothing like &quot;The Beach&quot; in terms of style- but it is equal in excellence!!
0446525537|3.0|This is my second N. Sparks book and definitely not the better of the two.  I enjoyed this book on the level that it was an easy read and a touching story with good characters.  I sympathized with Jamie when she was the outcast and I'm glad Landon looks beyond what the public sees to learn about the woman deep within.  But this book is written on the level of a teenager and definitely doesn't have the depth of character and story that &quot;The Notebook&quot; has.  A good, easy read overall, but nothing I'd recommend to someone of a more mature reading level.
B00004Y87O|3.0|Most action/adventure films have plot holes.  &quot;Escape from New York&quot; has huge, gaping craters in its logic.  Why would New York City turn into the one prison for the entire country?  Wouldn't you need more than one?<br />Part of the plot hinges on Brain (Harry Dean Stanton) having a map that shows where the mines are on the 69th street bridge.  He got it from a guy who made it all the way across... before he was shot.  So how did Brain get the map from him?  (Never mind how the guy got mine-finding equipment in the first place.)<br />And that's just for starters.<br />Well, never mind about all that.  This film has a certain nutty charm of its own which has maintained its status as a cult film after almost 20 years.  While it lacks the slam-bang action sequences modern filmgoers have come to expect, and it never really explores the potential of the scenario it creates, Kurt Russell's star-making performance, the moody photography, and the delicious twist at the end, make this film worth watching.  I'm still enjoying it, after seeing it at least 20 times, if not more.<br />The DVD is enhanced for widescreen TVs, and the video transfer is very good for a movie of this vintage.  The audio is not Dolby 5.1 but is first-rate for a 2.0 soundtrack, with a very strong rear-channel presence.<br />Other than a theatrical trailer, there are no extras.  This is a bit puzzling, since the last laserdisc and tape releases contained additional footage and a featurette with John Carpenter, including deleted scenes.  Let's not be too shocked if this gets re-released down the pike in a Special Edition.<br />Hopefully, the sequel, Escape from L.A.  (which is more a remake than a sequel) will be re-issued in the 16x9 format, but I won't hold my breath.
0064431789|5.0|This is a really cute book.  It's about how parents and kids can get mad at each other and forgive each other, and it's about imaginations.  I just have to say that the person who gave it one star because she thinks Max is a snot-nosed brat is a real crab apple!  Honestly...  She doesn't want her daughter to model her behavior on the way Max behaves, well, duh!  It's a story, not real life.
B00003CWPQ|1.0|Okay I know that some people like movies this lame but to me this movie just out right sucked!  I am not a fan of Kubrick's the only reason I saw this was because my brother said the movie was good, and come on!  I was generally apalled at the poor excuse to make an edited porn for people too watch that wasn't rated NC17 or XXX...it was just stupid, and very sad.  I mean this movie had no real plot.  It is about a Doctor who gets involded with hookers and cheating on his wife, (not like it doesn't happen everyday) evntually finding out about gatherings that this group of maniacal party goers, who have big orgies.  This is the basic plot, the music is diturbing only because it's got a shallow repetition, and the acting was terrible.  Now the direction i don't even want to go there, come on Kubrick...I mean geez...<br />Anyway, the basic sum of this evil is that it sucks, you shouldn't waste your money watching a damn three hour movie of crap!
B00004XONN|5.0|what I said in the title is all I feel like I need to say, if you buy one CD this year buy Kid A
B00000J7JO|5.0|I think this is the best CD the RHCP have put out.  I was only a casual fan (mostly for the song &quot;Under The Bridge&quot;) until this album came out.  I purchased this album because I really liked the single &quot;Scar Tissue.&quot;  I'm glad I bought this.  There's punk, rock, and funk on this CD. I enjoy all of the songs - especially &quot;Around the World,&quot; &quot;Californication,&quot; and my favorite &quot;Other Side.&quot;  You won't be disappointed with this CD.
B000003N8R|5.0|Coltranes &quot;classic quartet&quot; (Coltrane,E.Jones, Tyner, Garrison) recorded several gems, and this is one of them. Out of the quartet recordings, my favourite is &quot;A Love Supreme&quot;, but all of them are quite good, and this one is very good.<br />If you can afford it, consider getting the box set containing all the Impulse! recordings (including this one)
B00004UEN8|5.0|This date is traditionally seen as a watershed in Pepper's career, both in aesthetic terms and in terms of public recognition.  Miles Davis was playing on the West Coast, &amp; Les Koenig set up this date in which Pepper sits in with Davis's rhythm section (Red Garland on piano, Paul Chambers on bass, Philly Joe Jones on drums).  Famously, Koenig &amp; Pepper's wife Diane kept the date a secret from Pepper until the morning of the session, fearing that he'd be too nervous to agree to working with such a formidable group of East Coast musicians.  Pepper was also deep in his drug problems, &amp; hadn't picked up his instrument for ages.  (The story is told in Pepper's autobiography _Straight Life_; I suspect there's a certain amount of self-mythologizing, but....)  Almost miraculously, this hastily arranged pick-up date, with its assortment of easily-picked standards and a couple originals, turned out to be one of the best jazz records of the 1950s.<br />It's not perhaps surprising that Pepper &amp; the Davis rhythm section hit it off.  Pepper's style, though certainly strongly influenced by Charlie Parker, still is grounded in his affection for earlier saxophonists like Benny Carter &amp; Lester Young; his repertoire often included pre-bop standards like &quot;I Can't Believe You're in Love with Me&quot; or, on this recording, &quot;Jazz Me Blues&quot; (from the Bix Beiderbecke/Frankie Trumbauer records).  His signature tune, &quot;Straight Life&quot;, given a superb reading here, is a lightning-fast contrafact on the old standard &quot;After You've Gone&quot;.  Miles Davis was similarly in the 1950s exploring 1920s and 1930s pop songs that the original boppers would rarely have touched (there's a telling anecdote in Davis's autobiography, about his struggle to get a cocky young Jackie McLean to learn the old standards instead of just concentrating on modern tunes). -- But Pepper was also pointing ahead to the future: though he was an elegantly pointed player with agreat tone, his sound sometimes has distortions &amp; bends that give great emotional impact to his playing (he is light-years away from the glibness &amp; overrelaxation which sometimes afflicted West Coast jazz), an approach that was to make him one of the first of the older musicians to recognize the importance of Ornette Coleman &amp; John Coltrane, &amp; to incorporate elements of their freedom into his playing.<br />This is an essential modern jazz album.  Those who enjoy it wll want to search out Pepper's other albums for Contemporary, such as the superb _Intensity_.  There's also a fine disc called _The Way It Was!_, consisting of a first-rate previously unreleased session with Warne Marsh, &amp; a bunch of outtakes, including one discarded tune from the _Rhythm Section_ sessions (&quot;The Man I Love&quot;, if memory serves).  Fans of Pepper tend to divide into two batches--those who love the work up to 1960 (before his extended sabbatical, first in San Quentin then in Synanon); &amp; those who idolize the later work from the 1970s.  I mostly belong to the first group; to my mind, the run of Contemporary albums Pepper did between 1955 and 1960 is one of the central documents in postwar jazz.
B000003489|5.0|This is one of Coltranes high points among his recordings prior to the &quot;Classic quartet&quot; recordings of '61-5. While I prefer the classic quartet recordings (see &quot;A Love Supreme&quot;, or &quot;The complete Impulse! studio recordings&quot;), this one is certainly one of the better of his recordings before that era, and probably the most acclaimed/influential one.
B000002MUQ|5.0|This is Van Halen! So therefore this is going to get five stars from me. They are the greatest rock band in history. Balance is definitely pure Van Halen. <br />Balance starts out strong with the Seventh Seal. I love this song. <br />Can't Stop Lovin You comes next. A good, but slightly overrated song. <br />Then we are taken into the very powerful Don't Tell Me (What Love Can Do) which is one of Van Halen's most intense songs.  <br />Amsterdam comes afterwards and this is rock at it's best. <br />Big Fat Money made me feel like I stepped back into the old Roth days. <br />Strung Out sounds cool, in a mystical way. <br />Not Enough ties up there with When It's Love as Van Halen's best slow song. <br />Aftershock is awesome! <br />Doin' Time and Baluchitherium are Eddie and Alex at their finest. <br />Sammy sounds good on Take Me Back (Deja Vu). <br />Balance ends on a powerful note with Feelin'. This song is a spectacular end to this spectacular CD.<br />This music gives you the rockin' ability that only Van Halen is able to provide. This was unfortunately Sammy's last CD with the band and he will be missed. <br />Van Halen rules!!!
B000005H7D|5.0|I rank this title up there with &quot;Giant Steps&quot;, and &quot;A Love Supreme&quot; among Coltranes best. This is the first album he recorded as a leader, with  trumpet player Lee Morgan, and trombonist Curtis Fuller. This is a solid hard bop recording, and a must-have for Coltrane fans.
B000024LML|5.0|dude this album is phat there ant no one bad song on the whole thing i listened to it 5 times in a row the first time i bout it i was like wow ive nevere hear stuff like this.
B000003N7G|5.0|This CD is regarded by some as the pinnacle of the achievments of Coltrane's legendary &quot;classic quartet&quot; (Coltrane, Tyner, Garrison and Elvin Jones). Coltranes work on the Impulse! label between 961 and 1965 with this quartet is among his best -- one could pick up any of their recordings with confidence. I'd consider &quot;A Love Supreme&quot; to be the most essential of the Impulse! recordings.  This CD is a unified suite consisting of four &quot;movements&quot;, and is consistently good. <br />However, Coltrane fans may want to skip this and get the 8CD box set  &quot;Classic Quartet: Complete Impulse! studio recordings&quot; which includes this recording (and every other recording made by the quartet).
B00000IAU3|5.0|This is an incredible musical debut. I've never loved a new artist so much and I've never been compelled so strongly to review anything before this. Having not heard a note by her until the Sunday before Thanksgiving while traveling for 12 hours by car, this was a pleasant surprise. Every song on this CD is likeable, unlike most CD's on the market today. If you like Sarah &amp; Jewel, this woman is for you. Her lyrics are beautiful and thought provoking. At times she's somber and other times she's uplifting. I don't don't how she can possibly match this but it'll be interesting to see how her style and career develop. Even if this is her 15 minutes of fame, she's made one life better today through her music.
0060920386|4.0|If you want to understand Wall Street of the 1980's read this book, &quot;Den of Thieves&quot; by Stewart and &quot;Predator's Ball&quot; by Bruck.  This book is an all encompassing depiction of the events that led to the first leveraged-buy out (meaning they used debt, in the form of massive loans, and not just equity or stock), the debut of KKR as a major financial power, and the emergence of &quot;shareholder value&quot; as a buzzword that no CEO will fail to keep in mind.<br />The authors were both Wall Street Journal reporters who wrote the book in much the same way as they would report- direct to the point, clearly explained, and with little detectable bias as to the fate of the major characters.  I very much enjoy this style of writing, if every WSJ reporter were to write a book, I would be there to support them.<br />The book does a great job of explaining in detail the egregious excess of Nabisco during CEO Johnson's stint at the helm.  In this day of clipped expense accounts and flying coach for business, the presence of a &quot;Nabisco Air-Force&quot; of jets and professional athletes and celebrities on the pay-roll is difficult to imagine.  The authors do a good job of transitioning from these descriptions into the dirty details of how the deal was put together.  The scenes where the transaction is coming together at the final hour, through all of the negotiations and threats, are well-told, I could actually feel the tension and angst in the room.<br />Read this book.  When you're done with it go pick up &quot;Den of Thieves&quot; and &quot;Predator's Ball.&quot;
B000051VWW|5.0|sade's finally dropped. dont worry its hot. good vibes throughout. sounds minimalized. more guitar, less piano. more electronic, less jazz.  dub represeting heavy influence in #6 and the title track #10, #8 a little too.  #1 like something echoing in a west indain dancehall at 6am, check the reggae remix. #4 and others trip hopped. definetly chilled, very little upbeat. highly reccommended. jahrastafari.
0679879269|5.0|I thought it was a great book, sad but good.  I cried for about ten minutes at the part where Lyra and Will had to leave their Dmons behind on the jetty in order to enter the wold of the dead!  But I particularly like the last few Chapters like when the Dust starts falling sraight into the wheel pod flowers.  But I Would recommend that anybody who is reading it read the first and second book before they launch into this one.
B00004T9UF|5.0|EMINEM is the coolest rapper. The Real Slim Shady hit the top records and now THE WAY I AM is on the top charts. Anyone thinking of buying this album should'nt think twice go for it &quot;Its Simply The Best&quot;
B000023X9W|1.0|Absolutely nothing on this CD caught my ear.  I'm a Neil Young fan, but this sounds so quiet and generic I might as well be in an elevator.
B000002WPI|5.0|I was the biggest fan of the Wu Tang Clan way back from 1993,this rap group was awesome.I always like to draw the Wu Tang symbol at my school and at home.I got the Wu Tang t-shirt,I got the Wu Wear gear too.Anyway,there first cd(Enter the Wu tang 36 chamber)this album was there best cd ever!,all the tracks was tight,phatest,wicked and tight lyrics.You'll well never get tired listening to this album.WU TANG! WU TANG! WU TANG!
B000007OY0|5.0|A story about friendship,freedom,revenge and hope. Set in the 40's and happened in Shawshank Prison. The story showed how a banker Andy(Robbins)who was sentenced to life imprisonment for killing of his wife and her lover despite he cried for innocent.  There were many question unanswered... &quot;Did he murder of his wife or not?&quot; &quot;Was he falsely-convicted?&quot; <br />The main story showed how he 'survived' in jail.His special friendship with &quot;Red&quot;(Freeman). This movie excel in it's character development and thrilling plot. It has a brilliant twist in the end.<br />One of the best work from Stephen King.  Great adaptation from the same name novel. Even better with the class of actors and the sincerity of this production.Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman were perfect for their roles and showed great rapport.<br />Frank Darabont's did a marvellous task in putting this intriguing story together. <br />This movie filled with dark and violence scenes it also depicted vivid prison life. Simply astonishing. One of the best movie ever made.
B00004SCX6|3.0|everyone knows that christina aguilera has a 100000x better voice than britney...don't get me wrong...britney can dance though...all her songs sound the same...i expected different on this cd...
B00004T9UF|5.0|this cd was either making me laugh , or making me wonder how twisted someone had to be to make it! but it was great , i think better than his first one , people can be so sensitive to stuff like eminem...  :)
B00000K19E|5.0|When I first saw The Matrix I didn't understand much of it. OK I thought, good action, breathtaking effects and nicely coreographed fighting-scenes, I assumed that was the whole point; the looks. Then I watched it again and realized that there was a deeper message beneath the surface, a message that can't be fully understood without experiencing it yourself. I've seen it more times than I can count and everytime I watch it something new appears. The Wachowski brothers have obviously put a lot of work into this one. The Matrix is that kind of movie that can make everyone satisfied as it has so much to offer; Action, Sci/Fi, martial arts, filosophy among other things, the combination is brilliant! When seeing other movies I've almost always had something to complain about, too much talking, too much fighting, no message and so on, but when it comes to The Matrix I can't complain. Simply put, this is the best film I've ever seen and it will probably stay in that position for years. You might be confused watching it the first time but I can assure you that you will watch it over and over again. Don't miss the opportunity to see a real masterpiece!
0684800713|5.0|I was lucky enough recently to get to teach this to high school students. Once you get away from the idea that something always has to HAPPEN, the book becomes much clearer. I think of it like &quot;Seinfeld.&quot; A show about nothing with despicable characters.   I loved Seinfeld, too. If you are familiar with Hemingway's &quot;iceberg&quot; principle of writing, where most of the stuff is below the surface, you'll enjoy it more. It's by far one of my favorite books. Although it is funny that one of my students called it &quot;sixteen chapters of exposition with one chapter of plot.&quot;
0060920432|4.0|Flow is a concept Csikszentmihalyi developed to describe his observations of human's happiest states.  Flow he says is more or less being heavily involved in an activity - be it work, a hobby, sex, music etc. - in which you've tuned out to everything else.  I saw this as sort of zen-like living in the present through immersion in an action.  <br />I immediately identified with this concept, and he did an excellent job of showing the connection between flow and happiness in all areas of life.  This is a very clear writer with an easy style.  However I was left feeling that I can now identify past flow experiences I've had but can't exactly find in this book the key to increasing either the frequency or quality of those experiences in the future.  That seems to be the trick.  But maybe true happiness doesn't come easily.<br />I would certainly recommend this to any thoughtful reader.
B0000025KI|5.0|Springsteen is for sure the Boss of rock 'n' roll storytelling. There's not too many rockers these days that can combine great rock with great stories. And this being a double album chock full of great stuff and no fluff, make this an album that all fans of the Boss and rock in general should have. Springsteen is not just a great singer but also songwriter..he wrote every single song on this album...but also a great musician, playing electric 6 and 12 string guitars, harmonica and piano. What a talent!
0060920432|4.0|Flow is a concept Csikszentmihalyi developed to describe his observations of human's happiest states.  Flow he says is more or less being heavily involved in an activity - be it work, a hobby, sex, music etc. - in which you've tuned out to everything else.  I saw this as sort of zen-like living in the present through immersion in an action.  <br />I immediately identified with this concept, and he did an excellent job of showing the connection between flow and happiness in all areas of life.  This is a very clear writer with an easy style.  However I was left feeling that I can now identify past flow experiences I've had but can't exactly find in this book the key to increasing either the frequency or quality of those experiences in the future.  That seems to be the trick.  But maybe true happiness doesn't come easily.<br />I would certainly recommend this to any thoughtful reader.
0140186409|5.0|I watch the movie whenever it is on TV, its one of my favorites from that era. This past spring, I decided to read the book, something I rarely do if I've already seen the movie. I can understand now why the movie, compared to the book, tried to put a more promising spin on the Joad's (and many Americans) situation at the time. After all, the future for the working class and the country as a whole,was very much in doubt circa 1930's America. I recently saw a documentary on the making of the movie and it mentioned how the famous speech from Ma Joad towards the end of the film,about how they are the -&quot;little people&quot; and how there's many more of them and they just keep a-coming and things will eventually work out- this dialogue was actually added by Daryl Zanuck to end the movie with some hope. The book offers none of that hope...I was shocked at just how unforgiving and relentless the book is in its outlook of despair and misery for the Joads and others like them. The final chapters truly are some of the most desperate and hopeless depictions of the American Dream gone bad that I have ever read. You can really appreciate the progress we have made over the past 60 years in assuring that the country doesn't undergo anything close to &quot;The Great Depression&quot; again(so far)...Even if you've seen this movie first, the book is well worth reading and is dramtically different in its scope and mood..Definitely one of the best of the 20th century.
B00004WIBW|4.0|Usually i don't like too much gore in a movie (or in our country =P) But this movie really did catch my eye.  It had many twists and turns and it really catches you in the end.  I enjoyed Johnny Depp, who seems to have blossomed since 21Jumpstreet.  Christina Ricci's fake accent did bother me though.  All in all I loved this movie, come on Christopher Walken as a bad guy, who'da thunk it.  Good movie, very suspenseful and worth the price.  you'll like it for years.
B00005613Q|5.0|imagine snippets of past and future guitar riffs, pasted together by electronic wizardry and laid over techno percussion and you have some idea. electric guitarists must dream like this.
B000009QPK|5.0|This album captures Slayer at the pinnacle of their career, just after recording Seasons in the Abyss (not that they have let up since -- their following albums are still good, and their live shows still destroy).  The sound quality is excellent, and all the best Slayer tunes are represented here.  The playing is fast and furious -- it is insane how tight Slayer plays these warp speed songs.  &quot;Decade&quot; contains the two best speed metal songs ever, Angel of Death and Chemical Warfare -- 'nuff said!  Long live the mighty Slayer!!
B000002IM7|2.0|Well, to put it plain and simple, I thought this was a terrible album.  I listened to it several times, and thought that the band was reaching for something, but couldn't quite grasp it, and each and every time, I would come away not knowing what I had just heard, and hardly remembering a single chorus, tune or anything (and for the most part, thank God I didn't remember it).  Now don't get me wrong, King's X did go on to write some great stuff, I own a few of their albums... but this one just doesn't do it for me.  The only reason it gets two stars is because at least it's creative and different, and not pop drivel.
B00000BIBQ|5.0|This is definitely the best unknown record ever made and I don't know by which twist of karma the Pretty Things never came to be really huge. Five stars - you're kidding, I'd give it six or seven any time. This is seminal psychodelia, but for once not with all-you-need-is-love kind of kindergarten lyrics, rather with dark, despairing, poetic and meaningful words, which grab you by your very soul. The lyrics are combined with music which  even the Beatles would have been proud of, say, during their &quot;Revolver&quot; era. But then the Pretty Things always sounded much rawer than the Beatles, and good on them. Somebody has to do the dirty work. Compared to S.F. Sorrow, Sgt. Pepper's comes across as Muzak. It's quite amazing how a mediocre to awful R&amp;B band like the PTs came to produce such a sheer piece of genius. (Just listen to the embarrassing &quot;Emotions&quot;, if you wanna know what I mean with awful.)Could it have been the influence of certain psychotropic substances? Rightly regarded as the first &quot;concept album&quot; or, well, &quot;rock opera&quot; (what a terrible term, really - why would rock musicians try to woo the establishment, musical or otherwise, by pretending to write an &quot;opera&quot; ??), this record should be in everybody's collection.
B000021XS0|5.0|Have you ever picked up an album and been completely blown away by it, and said to yourself &quot;THIS is what ALL rock albums should be.  I have here, perhaps, a perfect album&quot;.  I can honestly say that I have said that three times in my lifetime.  The first was Sgt. Peppers, the second was Fragile, and the third was this one.  When I picked it up, I had never heard of Dream Theater except through reference, and had never really listened to their music.  I opened it over a year ago, and it rarely leaves my CD player.  The quality of the music is perfect, the musicians masters of their respective instruments, and this album is so deep and intricate that you can discover some sublety with every listen.  And don't even try to listen to one track at a time, the themes flow like water, and the 'play' is a complete thought from start to finish.  There is really not a weak moment on this album. I will now make a feeble attempt to point out the highlights of this masterpiece, but it may prove difficult, because it is excellent all the way through.  'Strange Deja Vu' is definitely a great track, with beautiful vocal harmonies that I thought could not be attained by a &quot;metal&quot; group.  'Home' is probably the best overall song on the disc, and it clocks in as the longest as well.  But boy, does it ever go by quickly.  With a great little guitar rift at the beginning and some more vocal harmonizing, a part of which you may remember from Metropolis Pt. 1 on the I&amp;W album.  This song is not to be missed.  The emotional highpoint of the album comes in 'The Spirit Carries On'.  You can definitely hear a Pink Floyd influence here, as well as some Queen in the vocals.  Actually, both of these groups influence this album greatly all the way through.  I don't think I can say enough good about this album without exceeding the 1000 word maximum, so I will just stop right here and say GO BUY THIS ALBUM NOW!
B000000WA4|5.0|I have over 500 CDs of all genres. When I think of my all time favorite rock albums, this always comes to my mind. It is also one of the few albums I have which is literally good from the first to the last track, something that doesn't happen often, especially in 2 CD releases. Every track adds something new and worth the space on the CD. <br />Corgan's vocal skills never impressed me as much, but his song writing ability and the sometimes fascinating lyrics of Mellon Collie make up for that. Intensely beautiful music, Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness offers 28 songs - more than two hours of overwhelming listening experience. The album is a perfected combination of attack rocking songs to lush, tranquil melodies, half of the tracks composed on guitar, while the other half were composed on piano<br />In interview after interview Corgan discussed the monumental &quot;epicness&quot; of this release, probably annoying everyone. Years after that, at a time when the band is reaching its end, it is now clear that he knew what he was talking about.  From the more active first CD, to the second, &quot;Twilight To Starlight&quot;, the transition symbolizes the change of from early evening to nightfall and for this reason contains more mellow, slow stuff, more introspective songs that carry more emotion and feeling that will many people will prefer to the power rock of CD 1. Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness carries themes through it such as alienation and loneliness, but you also get a peek at Corgan's romantic and happy side, in closing tracks &quot;Beautiful&quot;, Lily (my one and only)&quot; and &quot;By Starlight&quot;, and you get energetic live concert-classics like &quot;Zero&quot;. The artwork and packaging of the set is good too, complete lyrics, interesting art. <br />Music is always a matter of personal taste, and everyone will have a different opinion. Mine is that almost all of these songs are brilliant representing the style that the SP chose to follow. Mellon Collie is one of the best rock albums of the decade, a pretty good display of rock musicianship well worth the money...
1573225517|4.0|I heard the hype and fought it for a long time; I caved in and read the book this past week.  I was pleasantly surprised.  I expected a graphic and gratuitous romp through the eagle-eye of some stereotypical male... I didn't get that.<br />What suprised me most was that I sided with the protagonist, one Rob Zimmerman, as he swam his way through the dark waters of relationships, even when he was overlapping them.  This is an intelligent and intuitive book, and Hornby should be proud of the work.  It's original, it's entertaining, and it even makes the reader give pause and think hard about some of the issues he raises through his characters.<br />While I didn't find it laugh-out-loud funny, I did find the observations and conclusions humorous - something to be savoured and rolled around a bit before swallowing.  I know a number of 'Robs'... have 'em in my family, and sometimes I think I have this bloke in my husband.  The man's ambiguity and duplicity (especially when it comes to initially fancying women) is a true-to-form trait for maleness.<br />The best part of the book is the last major segment: when dawn breaks and realization forms, and the character appropriately steps into the more meaningful, deeper, and difficult.  Like he says, 'I realize that what one likes and what one *is* like are two very different things.'  (I paraphrase, of course.)<br />For those that want to explore the 'New Lads' writerly set, Hornby's a great place to start.  You'll enjoy the romp through one normal guy's crazy life experiences.
6304145438|5.0|How ironic that this once-forgotten and neglected film became by 1990 the most taken-for-granted American movie as a result of multiple screenings on virtually every television channel during the Christmas season.  Now that it's been removed from public domain and its distribution returned to studio control, perhaps we can begin to appreciate once again what an extraordinary film it actually is.<br />New viewers, especially, have the opportunity to approach the movie not with assumptions about its &quot;excessive sentimentality&quot; but to experience the darkness of George Bailey's suicidal descent, without  which the film's ending would not provide such overwhelming relief and celebration of life's &quot;wonderfulness.&quot;  But prior to this emotional pay-off, we are also first-hand witnesses to much emotional pain.  George's &quot;surrender&quot; to Mary, for example, is perhaps the most memorable kiss in all of film because of its violence (he curses and practically strangles her while yielding up his idealistic dreams of personal greatness).  And later when it appears he has transplanted his grandiose visions to Bedford Falls, where he is its proudest citizen, we suddenly see what his pride has led him to: a complacent self-satisfaction so great it can lead him to thoughts of self-destruction over the disappearance of a mere $5000.<br />More than Scrooge's stinginess or Dante the Pilgrim's sinfulness, George's story reminds us of our own misplaced piorities and their distorted, potentially fatal, consequences.  This is a film that encourages self-examination and affirmation of life like few others.  And because of it's archetypal patterns and complex, rich details of production and performance (it's far more than a &quot;talking picture&quot;), the film can never be reduced to a mere &quot;message.&quot;  It invites numerous viewings, each leading to the discovery of fresh, new meanings.<br />  If you see one film a year, make it this one (even if it's not during Christmas).ring Christmas).
B000002AK4|5.0|I actually only own this one on vinyl, but would love to find the CD.  Great tracks -- the ultimate in cool jazz!  If you like Miles' version of &quot;Bye Bye Blackbird&quot;, look for Lambert, Hendricks and Bavan's CD &quot;Live at Newport&quot; where Jon Hendricks vocally reproduces Miles' trumpet solo...
B000002UB3|4.0|This may well be the Beatles' most overrated album. Which isn't to say it isn't good, but a 5-star rating seems generous. Sure, it boasts their finest playing, particularly from McCartney and Harrison, the production is off the top shelf, and large parts of the 'suite' are inspired (although some will agree with Lennon that it's somewhat overblown), but it's not all good news.<br />Abbey Road is an ambitious album in some respects, but you get the feeling that ambition is all McCartney's and Martin's. In fact, Martin can probably take plenty of credit for the popularity of this album - it's certainly the best SOUND the Beatles ever got on tape: a crystal clear, gorgeous sound which enhances some wonderful vocal and instrumental arrangements and makes some pretty ordinary songs seem a whole lot better.<br />Side 1 has a couple of fine cuts, including Harrison's 'Something', but they're negated by the mediocre 'Oh, Darling', and the truly awful 'Maxwell's Silver Hammer ' and 'Octopus's Garden'. Surely you have to subtract the best part of a star for two bona fide duds? <br />Lennon puts in a good effort with the opening and closing tracks on Side 1, the latter saved by tasty playing and a great sound, but he's practically invisible on Side 2, despite contributing the beautiful 'Because'. 'Mean Mr Mustard' and 'Polythene Pam' work well enough in the context of the suite, but even Lennon would have been hard pressed to turn them into full-length songs.<br />McCartney, on the other hand, has his fingerprints all over Side 2. The suite was his idea, and it works, in fact it makes the album, but his insistence on including 'MSH' on the record just about wipes out his bonus points for penning the sublime 'You Never Give Me Your Money' and the irresistible 'She Came In Through The Bathroom Window'. Not to mention some stunning bass playing. (Actually, he's not bad on the piano and guitar, either.)<br />Despite its moments of sheer beauty there are too many minuses here to call Abbey Road a great album. But then thousands of bands would love to have made a record as bad as this.
B000001FDQ|5.0|I bought this on cassette back in the mid-80s after hearing it while shopping in a record store. As I gradually switched to CDs, my cassettes became more or less forgotten. I remembered how much I liked this at the time and so ordered it here on CD. This is one of those albums which sound as good today as when I first heard it. I'm pretty picky when it comes to heavy metal but Malmsteen's Viking metal shows a heavy symphonic influence. Rather than mere hellish din, Malmsteen's play evokes the heroic traditions of the Norse gods of old as he storms the gates of a musical Valhalla. It makes great companion music to reading the Nibelungenlied or the Heimskringla. Malmsteen's fingers frantically tear out notes as the hard-charging music hypnotizes the listener with its Satanic fury. The few vocals fit the style. My favorite cuts are the frenetic Black Star and the majestic Icarus' Dream Suite which starts out slowly, builds to a demonic crescendo , then eases off in the classical epic tradition. If you like fast-paced guitar, are a metal-head, or your musical tastes are just wide-ranging, then you are sure to like Malmsteen's classically flavored guitar heroics as presented here.
B00003CXDG|1.0|Oh! please Tom, lets take a holiday in Australia. I want to see my Mum and Aunty Flo. And , hey, while we're there you can make a poxy, unbelievable crappy sequel to that 'b' grader you made a few years back. We can overkill on all the sights of Sydney and fill it full of cartoon-like fight scenes and irrelevant shots of Sydney Harbour and it don't have to have a viable story line or anything...what do ya think huh???? Do you think the mugs will go for it?? Hey, and while we're there we can catch the Olympic Games and everything. THIS MOVIE IS ABSOLUTE EMBARRASMENT
1878424319|5.0|This is the simplest book I have come across on the most profound subject I know.  This book wins my personal book of the year award for 2000 hands down.  Chancing upon this book was something I'll be thankful for.  If you are wondering whether to buy it, take it from me, just buy it, read it and keep it.
B00004Z4WR|5.0|When it comes to reviewing movies like Gone in 60 Seconds, the critics are just plain stupid.  You can't rate this film on Grammy Categories.  This is a flick about cars.  Sexy, fast, adrenaline pumping, loud, oh-my-god-it's-in-digital-surround-sound cars.  There's nothing like hearing a Supercharged-Nitrous-pumping 1967 Shelby GT 500 Mustang in Digital Surround.  I don't care what the critics gave this movie.  With a kick-ass cast and supporting stars with names of Porsche, Lamborghini, BMW, Hemi Cuda and Ferrari just to name a few; you can't go wrong.  And there was actually a plot.  You have to remember this is a 100% guy movie.  When I stepped out of the theatre I heard booster wanna-be's revving up their ladies all over the parking lot.  That's what this movie is about.  If you actually try to rate this movie, you'll be dissapointed.  But if you just sit back, relax, and picture yourself in the driver's seat, you'll absolutely love it.  I'd recommend it to every guy who has ever exceeded the speed limit.  (and come on, how can you give a movie with Angelina Jolie in it a bad rating...)
0780619951|1.0|This has got to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen.The writing was bad and most of the acting wasn't very good,either.I really was sorry to see Marlon Brando,who is one of the greatest actors of all time,making such a fool out of himself.As far as Val Kilmer goes,he wasn't very likable here-instead watch The Ghost and the Darkness,which came out not too long after this movie,and is many times better.I thought this movie was bad when I saw it at the theater,but I thought I'd give it another chance on cable.My opinion of it went downhill even further the second time.Of course all these coments are just my own opinion-if you like the movie good for you,but I can't stand it.
B00003CX8J|2.0|Two things to point out: 1. The speacial effects were great. Must Have on DVD for your home theater. 2. The worst movie ever, from cheezy lines to a plot with more holes than swiss cheeze! Its a horrible thing to do to the once great and prosperous X-Men Cartoon show on TV. I rather be wacthing X-men Re-runs than this movie!
B00004RFFI|4.0|Twister,directed by Jan DeBont,is a very fun film.(to watch,anyway,as I don't think I'd want to be a storm chaser)The performances weren't bad,especially Helen Hunt and Bill Paxton as Jo and Bill Harding,a couple of storm chasers who are about to be divorced,and Bill is supposed to get remarried to Melissa,(Jami Gertz)but of course Jo and Bill wind up back together in the end.That's all very interesting,but what really makes the film is the action and special effects,which are incredible.The storms and tornadoes look very real,and some of the action scenes are really cool-such as when Jo and Bill drive right through the house during the big tornado towards the end,and the scene when the cow flies across the road and back again.The musical score by Mark Mancina is very good,and as I said before the special effects are incredible.Overall,this is a very entertaining movie,(not as good as DeBont's first film Speed,but much better than his last two-Speed 2 and The Haunting)although the characters do take a back seat to the weather.
B00000JJQK|5.0|To me, the Beach Boys are an oldies band. I never paid them much mind, though I knew their songs through my parents. The Beatles have always been the band I grew up listening to. They are the finest songwriters of our lifetime. They wrote what i thought were the best albums ever, that is until this past summer when I bought a copy of Pet Sounds.<br />This is the greatest pop record of all time because it rewards repeated listening. Front to back, it's a monument. From a lifelong Beatles fan, that's really all i can say. This is THE desert island album. It's emotionally devastating. Wonderful and timeless.
0812567110|4.0|In London, the well-known artist Basil Hallward meets up with a wealthy young gentleman, Dorian Gray. He paints Dorian's portrait and introduces him to Lord Henry Wotton. Lord Henry Wotton is a clever nobleman who enjoys manipulating the feelings of his friends by supporting selfishness, admiring youth and beauty, and celebrating the pursuit of pleasure. Dorian thinks a lot about what Lord Henry Wottons ideas and looks at his beautiful portrait that Basil had drawn for him and wishes that he would stay forever young If there ever was a way. Lord Henry Wotton figures out a way and makes a deal with Dorian. The portraits image would grow old, while he remains forever young. Lord Henry's influence over Dorian grows; meanwhile, Dorian has fallen in love with Sibyl Vane, a young actress who performs in a theater in London's slums. He adores her acting and in turn, she refers to him as &quot;Prince Charming.&quot; Despite the fears of her brother, James Vane, she still turns to Dorian, not knowing that he will end up breaking her heart. Sibyl is so caught up in her love for Dorian, she loses her ability to act well and perform as she did before and his love for her vanishes. He rejects her maliciously and that night, he looks at his portrait and notices that a faint sneer has appeared. Frightened, he resolves to make amends with Sibyl the next day, but the following afternoon Lord Henry Wotton brings the news that she has killed herself. Having been under Lord Henry's influence, Dorian decides to put the matter behind him. Dorian decides to hide the painting in a spare room, which he keeps locked. Since he started to get a clue of what is happening around him, he locks up the painting making sure that no one will ever see it. Lord Henry Wotton gives Dorian a book that contained details of the wicked exploits of a 19th century Frenchman, which later on becomes Dorian's bible as he sinks ever deeper into a life of sin and corruption. Eighteen years has passed and the painting grows ever more hideous. While Dorian remains young and handsome, his portrait shows his true inner self. Finally, he commits his greatest crime: he murders Basil Hallward, and blackmails one of his friends into helping him dispose of the body. The night after the murder, Dorian makes his way to an opium den. He encounters James Vane, who tries to avenge his sister's death by trying to kill him. Dorian escapes and goes to his country estate to host a party. Through his imagination he sees James Vane's face at a window and is brought on by fear and guilt. A hunting party accidentally shoots and kills Vane. Dorian feels safe again.  He tries to resolve and amend his life, but cannot get the courage to confess his crimes and the painting reveals what he really is and what he has been hiding form everyone this whole time. Resolving to get rid of the demon in the portrait, Dorian hurried upstairs and seized the same knife he had used on Basil. He stabbed the picture. A horrible cry brought the house servants creeping up to the barred room. Finally, after gaining entrance, they found upon the wall, the splendid portrait of their master. As fresh and beautiful as the day it was painted. On the floor lied a dead man with a knife in his heart. Only the rings on his fingers revealed his identify. It was Dorian Gray, who, in a miscarried struggle to kill his conscience, had killed himself.
0156528207|4.0|Far be it for this adult to attempt to explain this exquisite little treasure.  Although the interpretation from French to English seemed a little shaky at times, I'm sure each reader will discover the little truths, and major messages The Little Prince reveals.  A short read that will resonate within you for a lifetime . . .  if you're lucky.
0812567110|4.0|In London, the well-known artist Basil Hallward meets up with a wealthy young gentleman, Dorian Gray. He paints Dorian's portrait and introduces him to Lord Henry Wotton. Lord Henry Wotton is a clever nobleman who enjoys manipulating the feelings of his friends by supporting selfishness, admiring youth and beauty, and celebrating the pursuit of pleasure. Dorian thinks a lot about what Lord Henry Wotton&iexcl;¯s ideas and looks at his beautiful portrait that Basil had drawn for him and wishes that he would stay forever young&iexcl;¦ If there ever was a way. Lord Henry Wotton figures out a way and makes a deal with Dorian. The portraits image would grow old, while he remains forever young. Lord Henry's influence over Dorian grows; meanwhile, Dorian has fallen in love with Sibyl Vane, a young actress who performs in a theater in London's slums. He adores her acting and in turn, she refers to him as &quot;Prince Charming.&quot; Despite the fears of her brother, James Vane, she still turns to Dorian, not knowing that he will end up breaking her heart. Sibyl is so caught up in her love for Dorian, she loses her ability to act well and perform as she did before and his love for her vanishes. He rejects her maliciously and that night, he looks at his portrait and notices that a faint sneer has appeared. Frightened, he resolves to make amends with Sibyl the next day, but the following afternoon Lord Henry Wotton brings the news that she has killed herself. Having been under Lord Henry's influence, Dorian decides to put the matter behind him. Dorian decides to hide the painting in a spare room, which he keeps locked. Since he started to get a clue of what is happening around him, he locks up the painting making sure that no one will ever see it. Lord Henry Wotton gives Dorian a book that contained details of the wicked exploits of a 19th century Frenchman, which later on becomes Dorian's bible as he sinks ever deeper into a life of sin and corruption. Eighteen years has passed and the painting grows ever more hideous. While Dorian remains young and handsome, his portrait show&iexcl;¯s his true inner self. Finally, he commits his greatest crime: he murders Basil Hallward, and blackmails one of his friends into helping him dispose of the body. The night after the murder, Dorian makes his way to an opium den. He encounters James Vane, who tries to avenge his sister's death by trying to kill him. Dorian escapes and goes to his country estate to host a party. Through his imagination he sees James Vane's face at a window and is brought on by fear and guilt. A hunting party accidentally shoots and kills Vane. Dorian feels safe again.  He tries to resolve and amend his life, but cannot get the courage to confess his crimes and the painting reveals what he really is and what he has been hiding form everyone this whole time. Resolving to get rid of the demon in the portrait, Dorian hurried upstairs and seized the same knife he had used on Basil. He stabbed the picture. A horrible cry brought the house servants creeping up to the barred room. Finally, after gaining entrance, they found upon the wall, the splendid portrait of their master. As fresh and beautiful as the day it was painted. On the floor lied a dead man with a knife in his heart. Only the rings on his fingers revealed his identify. It was Dorian Gray, who, in a miscarried struggle to kill his conscience, had killed himself.inting grows ever more hideous. While Dorian remains young and handsome, his portrait shows his true inner self. Finally, he commits his greatest crime: he murders Basil Hallward, and blackmails one of his friends into helping him dispose of the body. The night after the murder, Dorian makes his way to an opium den. He encounters James Vane, who tries to avenge his sister's death by trying to kill him. Dorian escapes and goes to his country estate to host a party. Through his imagination he sees James Vane's face at a window and is brought on by fear and guilt. A hunting party accidentally shoots and kills Vane. Dorian feels safe again.  He tries to resolve and amend his life, but cannot get the courage to confess his crimes and the painting reveals what he really is and what he has been hiding form everyone this whole time. Resolving to get rid of the demon in the portrait, Dorian hurried upstairs and seized the same knife he had used on Basil. He stabbed the picture. A horrible cry brought the house servants creeping up to the barred room. Finally, after gaining entrance, they found upon the wall, the splendid portrait of their master. As fresh and beautiful as the day it was painted. On the floor lied a dead man with a knife in his heart. Only the rings on his fingers revealed his identify. It was Dorian Gray, who, in a miscarried struggle to kill his conscience, had killed himself.
B00004XQP4|2.0|If you think that Green Day is the Greatest Punk Band ever.....think again. I loved all of this Berkely band's CD's, and even liked Nimrod. When I heard everyone criticizing the band for coming out with a purely pop album, I decided not to listen and hoped for the best. But I must say, when I bought this album I was astonished. Billie Joe could have produced more songs like Minority, but I guess that he and the band members decided to grow up. I do respect them for that, but the sound that some of the songs have is more &quot;Boy Band&quot; than alter- Punk. If you listen to 'Misery', or &quot;Hold on&quot; for a while, you have to admit that you get bored. My fav song on the CD is actually &quot;waiting&quot;. I know that this sounds weird from someone who bought The Mark, Tom, and Travis Show by blink-182, but I absolutely love the acoustic. I guess the lyrics for Jackass are green Day looking into a mirror. Well anyway, If you buy this CD, the just be aware of the type of sound that you are getting yourself into.  P.S. Hey Billie Joe, if you are reading this, then I wish the best of luck to you and your wife and child.
B00003CX95|5.0|If you have never seen this DVD you are sorrowly deprieved.  Not only are the battle scenes supurb but the portral of the many medieval characters is beyond a doubt some of the greatest acting I have ever seen.  Mel Gibson plays a Scotsman whos brother and father were killed in battle when he was but a young lad.  He then is taken to live with his uncle, where the story pauses and picks up with Wallace in is mid-thirties.  He returns to his hometown to farm but ends up picking one of the greatest battles in Scottish history.  Wallace has thousands of supportors by mid movie where the action really starts to pick up.  This is not simply a goary battle movie with no plot and a lot of blood.  Braveheart is a strong willed epic and an excellent love story for men and women.  The character William Wallace is an intelligent man that wants nothing else but freedom and peace among his land.  If I told you any more I would ruin the story.  Buy Braveheart on DVD today and I asure you, you will not be disapointed.
0446525537|3.0|I'm not totally heartless -- I did enjoy this very brief book (for a fast reader, maybe a full hour's worth) by Nicholas Sparks for its sweet and idealistic story of true love as seen through a the young Landon.  Sparks certainly does his best to keep up that nice boy image for both himself and his characters.  Everyone is disgustingly wholesome and even the &quot;bad&quot; boys at worst have a box of camels rolled up their sleeves.  It's not that the book is bad, it's just as many have pointed out:  manipulative tear-jerking stuff that appeals the most to 17 year old girls.  Still, as I said, I enjoyed the plot, although by about page 10 I pegged most of it.  The narrator is very likable though so I found myself enjoying, not &quot;wading through&quot; the relatively straightforward prose.  I don't think Sparks portrays himself as a great writer, so I can't begrudge him his fame for this genre.  I'd rather read a sweet, sappy book by a well-intentioned writer than a slasher book any day.  Sparks will remind many of Richard Paul Evans, another writer who writes agreeable books that seem ready for a Hallmark Hall of Fame special.  Worth reading though for a quick and uplifting read.
B000025XX0|5.0|Any Queen compilation gets 5 stars in my book, but save your money and buy Greatest Hits I and II on Hollywood records for around the same price.  You'll get all these tunes plus a few more and all of hits vol. 1.
0440234743|4.0|I would like to skip words like pageturner, entertainment and so on. I have read all previous books of John Grisham. Definitely characters were developed delicately. Josh and Rashel were like real. I gave 4 stars because he bought me with Rashel Lane. A long trip of Nate was boring. He could cut 100 pages in the middle of the book. I would place this book on 4th position after The Partner, The Firm and The Rainmaker. But, I have to thank him. He makes me more human with books like this.
B000050XEI|5.0|I have been a long time fan of Enya, and her fantastic style of music.  When I saw this on a store shelf, I immediately bought it, even though I was oblivious that Enya had a new album out. &quot;Lazy Days&quot; is my favorite song on the CD, which reviewers have given little or no credit to.  Its radiant joy will shower you from every angle.  It reminds me of her other song &quot;On My Way Home&quot; from the CD &quot;The Memory of Trees&quot;.  &quot;Wild Child&quot; is also an instant hit, and will have you coming back for more, and the first track &quot;A Day Without Rain&quot; is highly reminiscent of &quot;No Holly For Miss Quinn&quot;.  <br />This is a breathtaking album, only surpassed, I believe, by her &quot;Watermark&quot; CD.  If you like Enya even the least bit, I recommend buying this awesome and inspiring CD as soon as possible.  You will not be disappointed, nor will you ever regret this CD.  You might want to order 2 or 3 copies of it, though, as you will probably wear it out playing it so often.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Now I know that most people who buy DVD's have already seen the movie, so why do most people who do these reviews write about the actual movie itself and nothing more?  Beats me.  I'm here to tell you about what you really need to know:  is the DVD worth buying?  How does it sound?  How does it look?  What's the bonus stuff like?  Well I tell you, I own over 70 DVD's already, and Fight Club in my opinion is among the best all-around DVD.  Read on to find out why.<br />Aside from the movie (which in this case is great), I look at other key factors in DVD's: the sound, the picture quality, and the extra features.  This baby has it all.  Clean and clear picture transfer that you should expect in any DVD.  This one is among the best.  And the extras?  Tons and tons!  Not only is there a great quantity of material (an entire second disc devoted to it), but it's great QUALITY bonus material as well.  Presentation is excellent.  Some DVD's simply give you a special type of experience becuase of the style and presentation used, and this is one of them.  Now let me get to the best part-  The sound.  I'm a sound freak, and I appreciate great sound.  If you have a good sound setup with 5.1 surround, you'll love Fight Club.  They did a great job on the mixing board with this one.  All in all, this is how ALL DVD's should be made.  Only a few other DVD's are even in the same league (T2 Ultimate Edition and Gladiator just to name a couple).  You're money is NOT wasted with this buy.
B00004U45G|4.0|The best song on this double CD is Celebration Day.  It blows away the studio version on LZ3 and shows clearly why some bands (The Who, Nirvana, Black Crowes) sound way better live.  Put this CD on track #1 and turn it up!
0399146253|3.0|...is there no JOY is this poor woman's life??....and I am getting really tired of the bratty Lucy [actually who likes her BUT Kay]...and making Marino such pig[and most men]. Let's get to the point again where she is The Forensic Pathologist and solves murders that she is NOT the victim of, just because she is so smart....Kay gets more depressed in every book...and more out of control...and I like my hero/heroines to be somewhat in control of the scene.PATRICIA,PU-LEEZE SAVE KAY!!! However,I will continue to always read your books, because I fell in love with your writing long ago and I am hooked on you.
B000002AP1|5.0|Iggy Pop is so cool... this album has everything you need: speed, guts and musical brilliance. I used to think that Iggy was weak... I heard this album and my mind split open. It'll make your speakers melt and distort.
0684853523|4.0|As a writing student, I found this book to be charmingly written, and it did inspire a few debates with fellow writers about whether talent can be learned and whether it outweighs skill.  But a lot of what King says seems like common sense to me.  &quot;In order to write well, you have to read.&quot; Well, yeah. No kidding. So while I agreed with King on almost every point, I also thought that a lot of it went without saying. So unless you are really on the ground floor of the writing world and hoping to rise to the top, the tools King offers are the most basic: the stone tablet and chisel.  For people who are a little bit farther along in the craft, this stepping stone can be skipped.
B00003CXE7|5.0|I still don't understand why most people who review DVD's only talk about the movie itself.  If you're like me, you already have seen a DVD before you buy it, right?  So I'm going to tell you about what you really need to know:  How does this DVD sound?  How does this DVD look?  Are the extra features any good?  <br />First things first.  If you haven't seen this movie, you need to go out and do so.  It is THAT good.  Okay, now that that's out of the way, we can get to the other stuff.  We'll start off with the picture transfer.  The picture in this DVD is great.  I can't say that it's as clean as say, A Bug's Life or Toy Story (which are pretty much transferred straight from the hard drive to the disc with nothing in between), but I can say that the picture is great.  As a matter of fact it's among the best.  <br />Next: the sound.  Now the sound is simply AWESOME.  Not only does it have 5.1 Dolby Digital, but it also has DTS 6.1.  Both sound great.  The opening battle scene alone is great for showing off that killer sound that you have in your high end system.  Even if you don't have a receiver that decodes 6.1, you can still get a great 5.1 DTS sound using the 6.1 sound option that the disc offers (you'll just be missing the one extra rear speaker) and it still sounds great.  So as long as your receiver or DVD player decodes DTS and 5.1, you can get great DTS 5.1 sound.  You'll literaly hear, feel, and see the sound of flaming arrows fire from left to right and vice versa.  If you're an audiophile like I am, you'd buy this DVD just becuase of the great sound alone.  While on the subject of sound, I must also mention that this movie has one the best muscial scores/soundtracks of any movie.  The music just adds an entire other dimension to the movie, and suits the movie so well.  <br />Finally, there are the extra features.  This DVD has tons.  Deleted scenes, documentaries, behind the scenes, etc.  It's got so much that there is an entire disc devoted to it.  I thought it was interesting to see how Russell Crowe really was outside his Gladiator character.  This DVD scores VERY high marks in this category.  <br />So all in all, this DVD is worth EVERY penny and then some.  It has everything you can ask for!  Now even if you thought the movie was only decent (there are actually a few that might think this), the other areas are so great that you still have to pick this DVD up.  The only thing that I thought they could have added that they didn't think of?  I think it would be cool to have an audio option where you can just watch movie with only the music and nothing else (the Matrix DVD has this option), but that's only becuase I love the soundrack so much.  Now if this is my only complaint, how good can this DVD be?  This DVD is that good, and then some.  And more.  Whatever your last DVD purchase was, well, I'm confident enough that I'd bet that it wasn't better than this one.
0679745203|1.0|I guess these are the books the jury likes for awards.  I was looking for a good lively love story,  but ended up reading one of the most complicated and dragging novel of all time.<br />There is no begining or ending and the lives in the book have no meaning.  a boring and dissappointing saga of a burnt patient and the nurses love for him or who,  i could not understand.<br />My worst read so far
B00004WIBW|1.0|This was a disappointing mess. The rewriting of a classic plot provided an excuse for exhaustingly repetitive beheadings with lots of fake blood flying, mystical gibberish and yet another one-note weirdo appearance by Christopher Walken. Fun for a few minutes, ultimately boring.
B000001FMX|5.0|This is a unique punk album... it defined the outer edges of the punk song. Even if you don't like punk music you should buy this album because of the variety and imagination each song shows. They effortlessly go from old fashioned greasy rock and roll into nihlistic pounders. Buy this album!!!
0783226063|4.0|I've always been a fan of this movie. Unfortunately the DVD and VHS versions omit quite a bit of what is fully necessary to understand it. The television broadcast of this movie in the previous years included a narrated and illustrated introductory sequence which would have enlighted viewers otherwise.<br />It's rather unfortunate they did not include this as an option on the DVD.<br />I will say that the movie is cinematically lush and nothing beats the Bene Jesurit witches and their lulling voices.<br />In comparison to the current SCI-FI channels version, I would prefer the original. I hope the studios reconsider reissuing this as a more complete volume.
0783226063|4.0|Having just finished watching Sci fi's ATTEMPT to capture the essence of Dune in a miniseries, I long to see the real movie once more. The inaccuracies as compared to the 1984 movie are gross and widespread (Leto II is killed by Saurdaukar? What happens in Children of Dune and God Emporer of Dune?)  I found the movie entertaining, despite the poor space effects.  Many people could say that the book was boring and emotionless.
B00003CXGG|1.0|If your looking for a great Jet Li flick with some of the bestfight scenes you'll ever see without the use of wires(or at least verylimited use), do yourself a favour and check out FIST of LEGEND.  Ifyour looking for a great Jet Li flick with some of the best fightscenes you'll ever see WITH the use of wires, do yourself anotherfavour and check out TAI-CHI MASTER(aka TWIN WARRIORS).  Both thesefilms have good acting, a great story, and jaw dropping fightsequences. As well, Jet Li's acting and screen presence really shinethrough.  In Romeo Must Die, it's as if the producers said, &quot;OkJet, we don't need you to act(just look uncomfortable beside thestunning Aaliyah). Hell, we don't even need you to fight(we havecomputers for that now). We just want you to swing around on ourtrapeze(see the ridiculous football scene where Jet's HOLDING the ..wires!!!) and let us show off a couple of new FX we designed. But itwould be nice if we had your 'name'&quot; It worked great in theMatrix(a fantasy setting using non-martial artists), and the wires arenot a disraction in Tai-Chi Master(they only add to the fun), but fora modern day, urban film with supposed 'normal' people?  Americanfilmakers are always trying to rip-off overseas creativity, or eventheir own for that matter(see Matrix),only to fall flat on their faceslike they do with Romeo Must Die. I wanted to like it, wish I'd likedit, but it just plain stunk.  Stick with the 2 I mentioned, or evenBlack Mask for that matter...they're all Jet Li, all asian, and theyall ROCK!
B000002J1B|4.0|Yes, one of the most successful progressive rock bands of the 1970s, continued their string of great albums with 1974's &quot;Relayer.&quot; As before, the classic Yes elements are present, including the overawing musicianship, the mystical and profound lyrics, and robust yet delicate vocals.<br />Despite the lukewarm critical reception of Relayer's predecessor, &quot;Tales from Topographic Oceans,&quot; Yes' continuing commercial success allowed them to retain their creativity and grandiosity. &quot;Tales&quot; was faulted with excessive indulgence, lack of concise song structures, and overall pretentiousness. In comparison, Relayer addresses a few of these complaints but never completely remedies them. Song progression tends to meander and lose focus, and some inordinately thick instrumental passages detract from the experience.<br />But on the whole, the album is very strong. &quot;The Gates of Delirium&quot;, the 22-minute epic is one of Yes' best pieces. While it lacks the coherence of &quot;Close to the Edge&quot;, and it takes awhile to completely appreciate, but it's purely dazzling and concludes with beautiful musical and lyrical passages that I continue to regard as some of the most stirring moments in music. This track also does a topnotch job showcasing the talents of new keyboardist Patrick Moraz. &quot;Sounds Chaser&quot; is a crazy, daunting feat in musical virtuosity, with the drums and bass being especially laudable. The first few times you hear this song, it's almost annoying, but once you begin to appreciate the dynamic sonic textures you can't help but be hooked. The closing track, &quot;To Be Over,&quot; is a mellow tune, showing some of the band's most tender moments. I also regard this track as one of Jon Anderson's best song's vocally. He really captures a lot of emotion in this one.<br />It's not my favorite Yes album, but it has its merits. It doesn't offer much the first few times you listen, but when you give it more time, all its colorsshine through, and you can truly appreciate the artistic excellence possessed by this band.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I first became aware of Dido when she did an interview with a morning radio show in Atlanta this spring. When she began to sing with only a guitar to accompany her, I knew I had to find her CD. Her beautiful voice and gentle style perfectly complement the soulful, emotional lyrics of her songs. I love every track on the album, especially the sweetly romatic &quot;Thank You.&quot; I bought several CDs this year, from the Dixie Chicks to the Bareknaked Ladies, but this one is far and away my favorite.
B00005176F|5.0|I haven't been much of a fan of Blur since I was given it as a gift. I thought I would enjoy a CD of all their best songs as I have been aware of their early work of girls and boys, parklife and she's so high.I have loved this CD since I first listened to it and I still like the early britpop songs of parklife and country house which are very catchy and a bit of fun even though Blur are a bit ashamed of them! Everyone would like this CD as it has such a diversity and mix of different songs. There is the gospel and rather catchy tender, the catchy and fun songs of charmless man, [MY FAVOURITE!],girls and boys,and the latest songs of the very memorable and famous song 2 and music is my radar. No song is the same as the other and is very original. The only drawback is the CD doesn't contain chemical world and the studio version of stereotypes. I recommend anyone who has only faintly heard of Blur or likes Travis to buy this album and you may become hooked, like me!
078062999X|5.0|I've seen several screen adaptations of Hamlet, and I must say this one blows the competition out of the water.  This is, without a doubt, the authoritative version of Hamlet.  This was the way Hamlet was meant to be seen!  Unlike traditional film interpretations of Hamlet, this one is much &quot;brighter&quot; (in lighting) and much more spectacular.  Kudos on Brannagh's performance as Hamlet.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I am a relative new-comer to Metallica, having only &quot;discovered&quot; them with the release of Load a few years back.  I bought S&amp;M because I wanted to expand my Metallica collection, but was I surprised at how terrific this CD is.  The arrangements are excellent.  It's not like some rock/symphony albums, where the orchestra simply sits in the background and tries to whine along above the electric guitars.  This is a real blending of sound, almost like the songs were written to be played this way.  The CD presents a continuous flow of aural gymnastics, much more like one long &quot;rockera&quot; than like a dozen separate songs.  I put this thing in the car CD player at the beginning of my morning commute, and it's like I get a mental massage all the way to work.  I am much more relaxed, yet invigorated, and the Road Rage level goes way down.  Highly recommended, and not just to Metallica fans.
0553106635|5.0|When I first started reading this series, I wasn't quite sure that I would like it.  But after reading this book, I am extremely glad that I kept with it.  Book three is definatly the best one out of the entire series.  And much to my friends dismay, I believe that it is written much better than Robert Jordan's series.  In this one book, there are enough surprising events to fill two of RJ's.  Some really shocking events come out in this book, that you wouldn't have seen coming.  In fact, at one point, i found myself jumping to my feet, and screaming &quot;what?!&quot; at the pages in front of me.  I think my favorite part of the book, is how Martin seems to set up these huge and intricate plans, and then because of one person, they come crashing down around the poor characters.  If you have read the previous two books, then you MUST pick up this one as well.  900 pages don't seem like that many, with the speed that you'll fly through this book.  Now if only i could bring myself to read the last 100 pages.....
0792844890|5.0|What can I say, this is yet another one of those DVD's you have to have in your collection. Mel Brooks is a master at doing parodys and site gags, and this movie shows it. While not being as good as Blazing Saddles, the DVD is still scoring extremely high. I've owned this movie on every format excluding LaserDisc and including Beta, and I must say, this is the best transfer I've seen. The original transfers had a &quot;washed-out&quot; look to them, and the audio was sub-par. The DVD is absolutely amazing, the picture is clear and sharp, the colors are much better, you can even see Dark Helmet spit coffee on the camera, something I hadn't seen before. This dual-sided DVD features the 4:3 Pan-and-Scan (for you old fogies who want a full screen) and the wide screen presentations, including audio commentary by Brooks recorded in 96, and a wonderful Dolby Digital 5.1 audio track which was mastered extremely well. If you know someone who likes Brooks, pick the DVD up as a gift, trust me, they'll love you for it.
B00000JGHS|2.0|While not Carl Hiaasen's best novel -- I'd nominate &quot;Skin Tight&quot; or &quot;Native Tongue&quot; for that -- &quot;Strip Tease&quot; is far wiser, funnier and richer than the anemic film version by Demi Moore would have you believe.<br />Instead of FBI secretary-turned-stripper Erin being a strangely desexualized perfect being, in the novel, she's a complicated mess. In other words, a real human being. Her ex-husband is a piece of crap, yes, but not the cartoonish lout we see in the film. Really, everyone in a Hiaasen novel is a bit of a goofball, once their foibles are looked at unflinchingly, which is part of the fun.<br />Those only familiar with &quot;Strip Tease&quot; via the movie don't get any of that: The good guys are too good to screw up, and the bad guys are too stupid to have any redeeming qualities. And to top it all off, Demi apparently doesn't understand that stripping is meant to titillate, not spiritually enlighten its audience. Those aroused by the film ought to get out more.<br />In fact, the book tops the film in every way, with the possible exception of what Burt Reynolds brings to the film. But even then, in his role as a corrupt politician -- and, ultimately, the engine for the story -- punches are pulled and he's not quite as sleazy as in the book. Apparently, giving people a lesson into how greed is destroying the Everglades was just too heavy for the film audience.<br />Those who liked the film -- and they exist, strangely enough -- still ought to pick up the book, to learn all about the characters and read the situations that didn't make the final cut. For current fans of Hiaasen's work, the book is roughly on par with &quot;Stormy Weather,&quot; although much more politically barbed than that work, which took aim at humanity's folly generally.<br />And for Demi Moore, what were you thinking? You owe Carl and his fans a big apology, as well as your own fans, who deserve better.
0811826848|5.0|First of all, I would like to say that I was not a huge Beatles Fan before I read this book.  I mean, I liked the Beatles and I had a couple CD's, but the thing was I didn't really know enough about them to like them.  This book changed all that.<br />I actually purchased this book for a speech that I had to do in school on &quot;The Musical Journey of the Beatles.&quot;  I started out using it like a refrence book.  You know, look in the index, then go the page and read about the subject you want to put in your speech.  I soon found, however, that this was impossible.  It was so interesting that I just kept on reading after I had found the topic I was looking for.  And reading and reading and reading and.... well, you get the idea.  <br />There are so many little factoids here that you can't find anywhere else.  Like, where Sgt. Pepper came from.  &quot;The orginal idea for Sgt. Pepper came from Paul.  While on a trip to the West Coast, he encountered a trend of long group names. 'People were no longer The Beatles or The Crickets, they were suddenly Fred and his incredible shrinking greatful airplanes' as John explains in THE BEATLES ANTHOLOGY&quot;  That's a line from my speech, and there are tons more like that.  <br />So, it doesn't matter if you are or if you are not a Beatles Fan.  If you have even gotten to this page, you have some intrest in them, so go ahead, spend that $36.OO (it's a 40% discount!!), and invest in the single most useful tool to prevent Beatles ignorance.  <br />(By the way, just in case you cared, I got an A on my speech!)
B00004Z1MN|3.0|&quot;Frequency&quot; might be classified as science fiction, if only because of its basic premise:  that a particularly violent episode of sunspots links October of 1969 with October of 1999, or at least, allows a young Queens cop in 1999 to communicate with his father in 1969 by way of a single ham radio.  The father had died in a warehouse fire in, you guessed it, October of 1969, and after heeding his son's warning, the timeline is irrevocably altered.  The complications that ensue from that alteration, and the attempts of father and son to make right what they have made wrong, comprise the bulk of the film.  On a different level, we are treated to a family-friendly vision of life in the city, of the bond between father and son, etc. etc.<br />The premise would be more attractive, and the story more engaging, if the film didn't degenerate into typical Hollywood fare.  For example, the father is not only a New York firefighter, but also a heedlessly courageous, manly, all-American firefighter whose daring exploits are worthy of slow-motion camera work.  After avoiding his death in the warehouse fire, the &quot;complications&quot; that ensue involve the survival of a serial killer who would otherwise have died with only three victims to his credit--and if there is any more overdone and hackneyed criminal premise in movies today, the serial killer would have to be it.<br />Notwithstanding these disappointments, the inevitable paradoxes of tampering with the past are not resolved very well in this film; as a result of his communications with his father, the son finds that all the world has changed, excepting his memories, which now include not one but _both_ timelines.  As the action resolutely approaches the climax, the holes in the plot become bigger and bigger.  The willing suspension of disbelief required to remain fully immersed in this film, and not head-shakingly outside of it, was more than I was able to manage.  If you do not have such logical requirements,and if typical Hollywood action fare and trite plot elements don't bother you, &quot;Frequency&quot; is worth seeing.
0441172717|5.0|While the general quality of the chronicles is consistant in style, if not interest,  this book is outstanding.  I was able to get through some of the more tedious later volumes, just by the quality of this one.  The overall tale is far reaching, but well told,  the description brief and effective, and the general ability of Herbert to tell his tale incomparable in this genre.
B00003CXB2|5.0|&quot;Lawrence of Arabia&quot; was made at a time when films still had intermissions and with films as long as this, they needed it.<br />Here, though, that inevitable break in the movie is put to good use: &quot;Lawrence of Arabia&quot; is really two great movies. The first is about how an ordinary guy becomes a hero, with derring do that's an unacknowledged precursor to both the Indiana Jones and Star Wars movies as much as it influenced more &quot;serious&quot; works.<br />For my money, though, the second half is where it really gets interesting, because I don't recall seeing many other films that actually tackle what happens when someone has to live up to being a hero -- especially a film that will take the question seriously, rather than use it as a chance for Movie of the Week schmaltz. The decline and fall of Lawrence is as gripping as any other film I've seen, and would stand on its own as a film classic even without the lead-in.<br />Together with beautiful vistas -- not seeing this in letterbox is a flat-out crime -- the greatest moments of some classic actors (see why Omar Sharif actually deserves his big name recognition) and amazing set pieces decades before &quot;Braveheart,&quot; &quot;Lawrence of Arabia&quot; has something for everyone: It's a serious art piece, it's an action movie, it's an adventure.<br />And it's a well-deserved classic that should be seen by everyone.
0679879269|5.0|First of all, don't read this book unless you've read the first two in the trilogy. You'll be lost. If you have, however, read the first two, then I see no reason why you shouldn't enjoy this last installment of His Dark Materials. I'm not going to go into details here and pick the novel apart, but there are a few general notes that I'd like to make for those wondering whether or not to read the series in the first place. Obviously, given my five star rating, I think that you should READ IT. A few provisos, though, especially for parents wondering if this is appropriate for their kids. If you're the type of person who thinks that Harry Potter should be banned because the books promote witchcraft, DO NOT BUY THIS BOOK. If, however, you're a freethinking soul who isn't afraid of letting your kids do their own thinking, then by all means, BUY. Pullman's book is wonderfully imaginative, full of magical lands and creatures. It's very thematically adult, though, and weighs heavily on the heart and mind. If you're a fan of fantasy, if you enjoy LLoyd Alexander or C.S. Lewis, then you're in for a treat. A recommended read for both adults and children.
6305064490|5.0|With remakes, new ideas, and new stars, there is a tendency to try and overshadow the originals which made these classics great in the first place. This movie, (like Miracle on 34th Street) gets greater every year. What would Christmas be without it? I have seen this movie at least 20 times and I am still not tired of it. It is a must for every video library.
B00004W5UA|5.0|I will be the first to admit that it can be violent, but you have to enjoy a movie called Fight Club that isn't just about fighting in clubs.
B000002UR7|5.0|I finally completed my Radiohead collection with their first album &quot;Pablo Honey&quot;. I am amazed by the contrast of this cd with their last two albums &quot;Kid A&quot; and &quot;OK Computer&quot;. &quot;Pablo Honey&quot; is just as amazing as &quot;OK Computer&quot; and &quot;Kid A&quot; (&quot;The Bends&quot; too). When this album first came out, I was not particularly fond of the band at the time. I hated &quot;Creep&quot; but when I listen to that song now, I am enchanted by the sparse beauty that Thom Yorke brings to the song. I think my taste in music at the time (1993) just needed to mature to like Radiohead's music. As much as I love their &quot;OK Computer&quot; and &quot;Kid A&quot;, I must say that I rank &quot;Pablo Honey&quot; (and &quot;The Bends&quot;) as my very favorite.
076790382X|5.0|Bryson's collection is sharp and funny, and not always a jab at America, as some of the previous reviews indicate.  He seems to have a bemused love/hate relationship with America.  What is so amazing is how hilarious his rants can be, yet on a turn you realize just how right he is.  Many of the essays here made me pondrous and wistful.  The work is easily digestible in small chunks (3-4 pp. for each essay)--it is a perfect choice for a car ride or a doctor's office waiting room.
0767853636|1.0|This travesty ranks right up there with such notably disastrous stage to screen transfers such as A Chorus Line, Mame, Man of La Mancha, Hello Dolly, Camelot, South Pacific just to name a few.  The sad thing here is this could have been an extraordinary classic movie musical considering how wonderful the original stage version was.  It's as if the producers and director got together to purposely turn this into a cheap, ugly sideshow.  Nothing, absolutely nothing works.  The added songs are unbelievably bad, the choreography is appalling!  Did you notice the dance number in Warbucks house where you can see the girls underwear during some of the kicks? Shocking!  Bernadette Peters and Carol Burnett are rediculous due to bad writing and direction.  Aileen Quinn is about as likable as watching OJ Simpson on the golf course.  I remember when I saw this film in the theatres when it first came out and sitting there with my mouth open in disbelief.  What can you say about a director who takes the most popular song in the show and only uses it over the main title?  Thank God John Huston did not direct any other musicals!  I am not too keen on the Disney version either but it is far superior to this garbage. And it is on Blu Ray no less,  what a waste!
B00004U30D|1.0|First off, I like dark films alot.  I like films that end they way that this one did.  What I did not like was that the whole time I felt that something was missing.  I wanted to give the characters an extra boost, something to make me interested and make me care if they lived, died, got laid, were happy... It just didn't happen.  This shows once again how tainted the Academy is.  'Nuff said.
B00003CXE6|5.0|This movie reminded me a lot of Braveheart. which isnt saying anything bad at all since i loved that movie to.The star of the move(Russel Crowe, The Insider)i thought did a great job playing his role and he really made you feel the movie not just watch it.It takes place a long, long time ago in rome, when of course the sport of gladiating was very popular.Russel Crowe ends up being a slave, and is forced to fight with a unique group of characters and overcome obstacles that are both physical and mental&gt;I reccomend this to anyone who likes good movies.
6304712936|5.0|I like this film a lot. Of course it is not the biography of one's of the best composers in the world! I think Tom Hulce is genial in his role and Abraham,too. This Mozart is more outlandish than the real Mozart who died in 1791.  Anyway, Amadeus is the best film I has ever seen and I really recomend it because of his music, actors and director (Milos Forman).
B00003CXE7|2.0|If films were judged by looks alone, then this one would truly be a classic. The film is Ridley Scott's attempt at a post millennial sword and sandals epic akin to SPARTUCUS or BEN HUR though the final product bears a closer resemblance to CONAN THE BARBARIAN plus some added pretension. With GLADIATOR it's obvious that Scott really wanted to make an important film rather than an exploitive action yarn like CONAN, though his expository scenes are dull and lacking in the charge of his spastic action sequences. Still, even those sequences really don't work on quite the level they're supposed to.<br />Thus begins our B-movie epic: Maximus (Russell Crowe in what would have been the Jean-Claude Van Damme role had this film been made a mere 10 years ago) is picked (for very hackneyed political reasons) by the emperor of Rome (Richard Harris, seething with Shakespearean glee) to be his replacement, but the emperor's son Commudus (Joaquin Phoenix) will have none of that. He's a greedy, whiny brat who wants to rule so badly that he kills his own father, takes his throne, then orders his guards to lead Maximus out into the woods and have him killed. The plan goes awry for Commodus when the mighty Maximus (I smell a HERCULES spin-off waiting in the wings) escapes in a rousing and appropriately brutal getaway. He races on foot back to his picturesque commode hoping to be greeted by his family, only when he arrives they've already been killed by Commudus' minions. Our hero passes out and is eventually picked up by slave traders--the kind of slave traders who roam the countryside searching for unconscious victims of those corrupt Romans. You know the kind. He's sold to Proximo (Oliver Reed, sharper than ever in his final performance), a former gladiator and current trainer. After Maximus endures some qualifying bouts under the reluctant guidance of Proximo, he makes his way up to the much-dreaded Coliseum.<br />My biggest caveat with the flick is how hollow its script is. No emotion feels true; it's as if the screenwriters poured over BRAVEHEART in an attempt to transport that story to the time of the Coliseum. And with no help from Ridley Scott who seems to think that he can compensate for that lack of depth by giving us lengthy expository scenes and making his characters overly gloomy. Those expository scenes are akin to the political trial scenes in STAR WARS: THE PHANTOM MENACE, which virtually everyone will agree were dramatically inert, passionless, and, well, boring. GLADITOR's expository scenes are just as tedious, and while the dialogue is mostly decent and the performances are above par, there's nothing behind it all, no subtext, no character.<br />The battle scenes are easily some of the worst edited in some time. The very first fight (meant to establish Crowe as a fighting man's general of war) begins with nightsky-scraping flaming arrows that dash across in the twilight emitting a magically-lethal orange glow. As the conflict rages, the camera angles become increasingly narrowed and the screen full of flames and blurred soldiers in slow mo. But the effect becomes over-digitized in a strobe reminiscent of a consumer camera, subtracting from the realism and gravity of the fight. And instead of continuing the ever-tightening angle to personalize the savagery, a few mid-wide shots are tossed in. It breaks up the direction of the sequence and ruins the hypnotic effect.<br />Nevertheless, people are eating this film up. There is a ton of extra features on the DVD and no doubt it will go down as a classic for generations to enjoy -- *sigh*
B00003CXA6|4.0|This was a surprisingly enjoyable film. Most films about historic events of some importance in a nations past tend to lay on the saccharine by the bucket load.  Further there is often a tendency to make films on the basis that most of the audience is brain dead and every simple element has to be explained. The makers of Gettysburg don't fall into these traps and are happy to let the narrative bubble along and tell us what happened. <br />The battle is generally seen as a significant event in the history of the United States. General Lee had won a series of remarkable victories against a number of timid union generals. At every turn Lee had generally been outnumbered and out gunned.  He hoped that by defeating Meade he could negotiate and peace which would allow the South to remain independent and to continue the slave system. <br />This however was not to be and over the three day of the battle Lee and his subordinates made a series of mistakes which allowed Meade to hand on and emerge victorious. As a result the battle is seen as the high tide of the fortunes of the Confederacy. From then on the victories vanished and defeat followed defeat. <br />In America the soldiers of both sides have always been admired. Lee seemed to be a decent gentlemanly type of man even if he was fighting for a cause which we could now hardly understand. The union was fighting for values which were timeless. One of the strengths of the film is that those American viewers from the South can cheer at the bravery and courage of their side and the Northern viewers can cheer at the philosophical speeches made by their side. <br />The actors in the film look like the originals. Martin Sheen is the perfect Lee a quietly spoken gentleman who is shattered at the failure of Pickets charge. Longstreet, Picket and the others all fit into their parts.<br />The film goes for four hours but it seems shorter than that. Well worth a watch.
B000050FEN|5.0|There is a hidden message in Se7en.  Screenwriter Andrew Kevin Walker sarcastically labeled Se7en as his &quot;loveletter to New York City.&quot;<br />Sadly mistaken for simply &quot;just-another-horror-flick,&quot; Se7en has been done a grave dishonor by the majority of the viewing public who neither have the empathy nor the intuition to understand the deep message it carries.  Comparing this poetic and cautionary masterpiece to &quot;The Silence of the Lambs&quot; is a terrible misconception.  The Silence of the Lambs was an excellent film about the innerworkings of investigative profiling and the psychopathic personality (although only partly represented and definitely not generalizable to the psychopathic population of today) through Dr. Hannibal Lecter.  Se7en on the surface may seem similar - a film consisting of a plot about two cops &quot;hunting&quot; down a &quot;mad&quot; (another misconception) psychopathic serial killer.<br />However, under the skin, these two films are entirely different in contextual substance.<br />In The Silence of the Lambs, the plot is as deep as it goes.  The relationships and interactions between the characters are the core of the story.  Sentiments are decided based on the events that occur in result of another's actions.  That is as deep as it goes.<br />Rather than being &quot;plot-based&quot; entertainment, the themes in Se7en are theological, philosophical, moral, and cultural.  The entire film is based around the dialogue between Somerset (Morgan Freeman) and Mills (very well-portrayed by Brad Pitt), and the philosophy and motivation behind John Doe (Kevin Spacey in his best performance).  Within the film is the continuing philosophical dialogue between Mills and Somerset, two contrasting characters that happen to be working on the same side.  Mills' nature is impulsive, passionate, yet plagued with inexperience and naivete, while Somerset is weathered, subdued, with polished character, lore, logic and practicality, with a touch of lost hope.  Neither men are able to get much anywhere with the investigation (at least without a little bribery - another testament to why this movie is NOT about investigative profiling or techniques), as Somerset replied to Mills when Mills asked him what 'they were really doing if they weren't investigating,' &quot;just picking up the pieces.&quot;<br />It is the weakness of Mills that leads him to be devoured by the wrath of John Doe in the end, a man, neither psychotic or equivalent to the Devil (yet seemingly so), but calculate, methodical, and patient.  On the same token, it is Somerset's experience and venerability that keeps him from being targeted by Doe.<br /> &quot;If we caught John Doe and he were the devil, if he were actually satan, that might live up to our expectations.  But, this is not the devil.  It's just a man,&quot; admonishes Somerset.<br />One of the most haunting ironies I find in Walker's script well portrayed by Fincher's cast is the uncanny similarities between John Doe, the antagonist and Somerset, the protagonist.  If you watch that one scene in the car, you will realize that Somerset agrees with Doe, yet although realizing that their consensus does not justify Doe's irrational, yet seemingly rational killings.  With Doe's philosophy explaining his intolerance for the prevalence and trivialization of the deadly sins, Somerset's continuous argument that we are becoming too apathetic of a society, only motivated by such things such as our temptations and self-indulgence, there is admittedly a strong parallex that exists between the two characters.  Yet, they stand opposed to one another, because while Somerset, although discouraged, managed to keep his faith in mankind, Doe did not, and could not tolerate the injustice any longer.<br />With the current decline in the immaterial and spiritual life, and the ascending obsessional mindset of psychological egoism, existentialism, atheism, and hedonism, there is no message needed more than the one represented in this fine film by Fincher.  We as a people must return back to faith, lest we become tyrants and slaves to our sins that will devour us in the end.<br />&quot;You see a deadly sin on almost every street corner, and in every home, literally.  And we tolerate it.  Because it's common, it seems trivial, and we tolerate it, all day long, morning, noon and night.  Not anymore.  I'm setting the example, and it's going to be puzzled over and studied and followed, from now on.&quot;  - John Doe, Se7en.age needed more than the one represented in this fine film by Fincher.  We as a people must return back to faith, lest we become tyrants and slaves to our sins that will devour us in the end.  <br />&quot;You see a deadly sin on almost every street corner, and in every home, literally.  And we tolerate it.  Because it's common, it seems trivial, and we tolerate it, all day long, morning, noon and night.  Not anymore.  I'm setting the example, and it's going to be puzzled over and studied and followed, from now on.&quot;  - John Doe, Se7en.
B000002LQR|5.0|If You like the chili peppers, or  any  sort of Rock/Funk back, then this Cd is a MUST  have.  Anthony Kiedis Delivers his incredible lyrics while Flea lays down the most amazing bass lines.   John Fusiante's best guitar work comes @ the begining of &quot;Give IT AWAY.&quot;  &quot;My Lovely  Man&quot; gives you a taste of his solo ability.  Songs like &quot;Suck My kiss&quot; and &quot;I could have lied&quot; are also amound the best to.  As well as &quot;Mellowship Slkiny in B major&quot;  But &quot;Breaking The Girl&quot; and &quot;Power of Eqaulity&quot;  and &quot;Under The Bridge&quot; are my personal  favorites.  But ican honestly say that thisis one of those CD's that You can throwinto the CD player and   let it keep playing because there ARE NO BAD SONGS ON THIS CD!!!  I would have Rated this higher, but it only went up to 5.  Besides that, This CD is a MUST HAVE!
B000002UB3|5.0|Every song on this CD is amazing it it's own right, especially the B-side. Anyone who doesn't like it probably doesn't listen to any music that is actually intelligable, becuase this is the best example of pop music available. It's an amazing, original, beutiful preformance by one of the best bands of this century.<br />To sum it all up... BUY IT!!!
0156907399|5.0|Woolf's novel is more like a hundred page poem than anything else, yet she does not skimp on substance at all. Much to be gained from reading this book again and again.
B00000K0EA|4.0|This movie was very good in many ways.  There was a great variety of gadgets, weapons, and villains.  The car scene was also excellent.  Although this Bond may have been good, it just doesn't seem to hit the spot.  The Bond Girls weren't so great and the villain was very so-so.  The plot was up to speed with the franchise and it is chocked full of Bond goodness, but something just struck me as awkward about this installment that I can't quite put my finger on.  Nevertheless, the movie is good, and so is the DVD.  Great picture and sound on this DVD with some very enticing Special Features.  This movie is ideal for the Bond fan, but if you're looking for an introduction to the series or maybe to the new 90's Bonds, I suggest Goldeneye.
0671034065|1.0|Run. Don't read it!<br />This book had the most pathetic dialog I've ever read.  The characters were like something out of a bad, teen novel.  The whole premise of the book - that the Mr. Perfect list ends up on national TV was ludicrous.  It was just a dumb, drunken conversation that a group of college women would have and no one else would care about. I apologize for the unintended insult to college women.   <br />The characters would frequently say something that was borderline funny and it would be followed by a line like &quot;and they laughed so hard, they fell off their stools.  They didn't breath for several minutes and they had tears streaming down their cheeks.  Then, they couldn't stand up.&quot;  It comes across as &quot;This is funny.  Really, it's funny.  It's so funny I have to tell you it's funny.&quot;<br />I finished the book because I kept thinking that it had to get better, but it only became more predictable.  <br />The police detectives were dumb, dumb, dumb.<br />Even the sex scenes sounded forced. <br />Whew, I feel better now.
B00000AFDW|5.0|Psycho Circus shows the original line-up of KISS (Paul Stanley, Gene Simmons, Ace Frehley, and Peter Criss) return to the studio to record their first record together since Unmasked in 1981.  While some people may say that this record doesn't match up to KISS's classic albums like Destroyer and Love Gun, I strongly disagree.  I bought this CD the first day it came out, played it and it blew my mind.  Now, two years later, I play it and it blows my mind.  Psycho Circus rocks from start to finish.  Like Revenge, Psycho Circus contains no filler. None of the songs are weak.  The songs are catchy and memorable.  Filled with hard rock anthems like &quot;Raise Your Glasses&quot;, and &quot;I pledge allegiance to the state of Rock N' Roll&quot;.  This CD showcases all of the members taking over lead vocals.  And the four original members have not sounded so strong in many many years.  Paul's vocals are as good as they have ever been.  Peter Criss has made the most progress.  His drumming has never sounded better and has really improved.  Unlike most of KISS's albums, Psycho Circus doesn't include any sex songs. This album is about KISS, the fans, victory, and celebration.  Unfortunatley, this seems to be the last full length album from the original members as they are now on their &quot;Farewell Tour&quot;.  But if this is the last studio album from them, it's a great album to end with.  They'll be ending on a high note rather than a low note.  Check this album out if you haven't already.  This album is one of their best!
B00000K19E|1.0|Keanu Reeves is hands down the worst thing going. How this guy managed to become an A-list actor is beyond me. Sure the effects look good, but 10 years from now this flick will look cheesy and dated. Matrix is this generation's &quot;Tron&quot;.
B000025XX0|5.0|This is a must buy for all fans of Queen or of rock in gereral.
158234082X|5.0|This was the best book I've ever read! I have never read a book and felt like I wanted to shake the hand and pat the back of  the author! Chef Bourdain certainly learned everything the hard way, but he was smart enough to learn from his mistakes. This guy understands himself and explains why and when he fell down on his luck, screwed up, and made bad and good decisions in the most hilarious way.  The greatest thing about this book is his passing on of his self analysis to others so we can learn, laugh and be a better person, chef or not.  You don't have to have a love for good food or cooking bone in your body to love this book.  Bon Appetite!
B00004XQ83|5.0|Don't take the word &quot;soundtrack&quot; too seriously with this album:  it absolutely stands on its own as a lovely collection of old-timey/bluegrass/folk from the Depression era and doesn't  come across as a pre-packaged film promotion.  Indeed, the liner notes suggest that the soundtrack was created before the film was actually made, with the music intended to add color to the film. I am eagerly awaiting this movie, and after having listened to the entire CD twice in a row upon receiving it, I am looking forward even more to seeing it to see how well the music fits into the overall experience.<br />Featuring well-known artists like Emmylou Harris, Gillian Welch, Alison Krauss, Dan Tyminski, and the Cox Family, the album also showcases some other performers that I'm not familiar with (and therefore won't comment on their reputations and show my ignorance).  There are also some original recordings (such as Harry McClintock's &quot;Big Rock Candy Mountain&quot;, for one).<br />The liner notes contain a lot of information about the genesis of the album and the part the music plays in the movie.  It's clear that those involved in the making of this album put a lot of care into it and respect for the music.<br />Standout tracks for me:  The Whites' &quot;Keep on the Sunny Side&quot; and  Alison Krauss and Gillian Welch's cover of &quot;I'll Fly Away&quot;.
B00000IAU3|5.0|This album is haunting, evocative, sensual, moving, tender, heart-rending.... and so much more. Every song will grab your heart and twist it, one way or the other. A &quot;must have&quot; CD.
8186939008|3.0|That explains my feelings of reading this book.  Everything about this book screamed &quot;NON-WESTERN!&quot;  The rhymes and puns and capitalized words that &quot;interrupt&quot; the narrative, a non-linear plot, and symoblism that symbolizes other symbols(!)  For a few paragraphs, this was refreshing.  But Roy's narrative technique -- taking a simple story, stuffing it in a cuisinart, and letting the resultant globs of narrative fall where they may -- seems to preclude a critical perspective on Indian history and Western cultural influence.  Instead, the reader gets vertigo and is confused as to where to go and what to do -- the exact byproduct of a postmodern, multi-national capitalist world that she supposedly is criticizing.
B0000029AP|5.0|I KNOW PEOPLE LIKE TO THROW THE WORD CLASSIC AROUND ALOT,BUT THIS IS A CLASSIC.THIS IS PROBABLY THE SECOND BEST AEROSMITH CD,WITH ROCKS BEING THE BEST AND GET YOUR WINGS NOT FAR BEHIND.I WISH I HAD A NICKLE FOR EVERY TIME I LISTENED TO THIS,AND IT ALWAYS MAKES ME FEEL GOOD WHEN I HEAR IT.GREAT SONGS WALK THIS WAY,SWEET EMOTION AND ADAM`S APPLE,BUT THE WHOLE CD IS GREAT.NOW THAT THEY WENT BACK AND REMASTERED THIS,IT`S EVEN BETTER.BACK IN 1975,THERE WAS JUST NO BAND AS COOL AS AEROSMITH.THIS WAS RAW HARD ROCK AT IT`S FINEST,NOT LIKE THE POWER POP THAT THEY PUT OUT NOW.STEVE TYLER AND JOE PERRY,WHAT A GREAT COMBO.THIS CD IS A MUST HAVE FOR ANY 70`S ROCK FAN.
0613100638|4.0|I would recommend this book to people seriously investigating the UFO issue.  Get this book and make your own decision.  Investigate for yourself.  I also recommend Gods of Eden by William Bramely.
B00004YWEB|3.0|If there ever was an AC/DC album that could be considered a lost effort, &quot;Blow Up Your Video&quot; would be just that.  Actually, it's not a bad album(therefore the middle rating), but the creative level on here gets a bit pitiful at times.  The reason for this is incredibly weak choruses--which I believe are a strength for AC/DC.  Besides the choruses, that's the only problem.  Some of Angus and Malcolm's guitar work on here is downright nasty and chock full o' grooves!Weak tracks include:  &quot;Go Zone,&quot; &quot;Ruff Stuff,&quot; &quot;Sin for Nuthin,&quot; and possibly &quot;Nick of Time.&quot;  As I said before, these tracks are strong with their guitar licks, but have really awful chorus.Stand-outs include:  &quot;Heatseeker,&quot; &quot;That's the Way I Wanna Rock N' Roll,&quot; &quot;Meanstreak,&quot;(my fav), &quot;Kissin Dynamite,&quot; and &quot;This Means War.&quot;
0679409920|3.0|I enjoyed reading this book. But calling it a masterpiece and giving it 5 stars seem to me exagerated for such a novel. I would not consider The Human Factor as a novel that one must read. There are thousands of other books where the story, the characters, the style are more powerful and more exciting.
0140186395|5.0|East of Eden was stunning in its portrayal of the human soul.  It encompasses the Face of Mankind with all its frailities and complexities, failures, struggles, wisdom gleaned and truth discovered in the beauty of our daily lives.  The book was a canvas of the human heart- from the dark, innermost monsters and demons that haunt every last one of us to the far reaches to the summit where we discover fleeting joy and light and love.   East of Eden is about forgiveness and LEARNING to forgive and acceptance and about choices and the awesome magnitude of free agency and how what each individual does affects everyone around them.   East of Eden can be summed up in a word:  Sublime.  Read it.  You won't soon forget it.  It is astounding in its narrative clarity and ability to transport the reader into the heart and minds of the characters and the lessons learned within and internalize these truths.  Beautiful!
0385334176|4.0|Deadeye Dick is a good Vonnegut serving of his trademark cheeky cynicism about the beast, Mankind.  The beast is way over his head in the task of properly handling the power of technology. Tragic, yet smirking mayhem follows when a boy gets his hands on a 30-06, and a government gets its hands on a neutron bomb. In this story Vonnegut doesn't suggest any answer to save the swarming bipeds from themselves.  He does show empathy, though -- as much as I felt for the fire-ants that writhed a few seconds after walking on a teaspoon of sodium cyanide I had once put on an ant hill.  The hill went dead as fast as the world did when Vonnegut let Ice-9 hit the ocean in a better novel.
0553579908|1.0|So many characters - so little action - find a better way to spend your book dollars.  This trilogy uses many pages to say nothing and what is said is so confusing that it is more a puzzle than a novel.
0783225733|5.0|This is one of my favorite films. It is the only one I've seen that captures the romance of the Apollo program, or brings back some of the awe that I felt in 1969 when I heard those words, &quot;Tranquillity Base here - the Eagle has landed&quot;.<br />The film is beautifully transferred to DVD. The commentary by Jim Lovell makes it a historical document.<br />The only hard part of watching this DVD was explaining to my 15-year-old son that we used to fly to the Moon when I was his age, but then, for some reason, just stopped going.
B0000020C4|3.0|this was great, but not stunning... the most stunning is the original broadway recording... although Lea Salonga is great here, she can't be compared to Frances Ruffelle, who is in both the original London and Broadway Cast Recording... and the girl who plays Fantine doesn't sound as well as the Fantines in the recordings i suggested. Valjean is definately better and has a more stable voice in the other recordings as well. overall, i would recommend either one of the original recordings over this one...
6305358567|1.0|This film would be an acceptable piece if it were not for the gross historical inaccuracies. This movie turned Elizabeth's life into a nothing but a torrid love affair and forbidden trysts. It cheapens who this amazing woman actually was. And to top it all off it's not that well done for what it is. If you want a Tudor romance try Anne of a Thousand Days
0385484518|5.0|I liked this book because it showed that a teacher and a student could have a great relationship outside of the classroom as friends.  I also think that Mitch and Morrie became closer as the story ended.  Mitch Albom also caught the spirt of his teacher through words which I think is hard for a lot of people to do.  This  book is one of the best books that I have ever read.  I recommend this book to anyone who has lost contact with their favorite teacher,or someone who has inspired them to do better in life, and also to understand themselves.
6305622957|5.0|I first saw this film many years ago when it was a movie of the week on network TV.  Like any kid, I was interested in the battle scenes, and by the time I'd graduated with a Communications degree, I dismissed this movie out of hand as a faithful, but unexceptional telling of the Battle of Pearl Harbor.<br />Mea Culpa!!  I finally saw this film in widescreen format, and this movie's artistic value magnified ten-fold.  The idea for this film was inspired: an American director would shoot the American scenes telling the USA side of the battle, and a Japanese director would tell the Japanese side of the story.  Originally the legendary Akira Kurasowa was hired to direct the Japanese side of the story, but after a falling out, Toshio Masuda ended up directing the Japanese side of the film.  Richard Fleischer directed the American sequences.<br />Fleischer does a fine job, but Masuda is absolutely brilliant.  The Japanese side of the story is the more compelling side of the story, but Masuda truly does a masterful job of setting forth scenes of eloquence and power in telling the story of highly motivated people whose actions will doom their country.<br />Despite truth being stranger than fiction, Hollywood all too often needlessly flushes historical truth down the toilet (&quot;JFK&quot; anyone?).  Fortunately, this powerful story is meticulous in its historical accuracy.  With a compelling muscial score and great special effects, especially considering the age of this film, this is a film which should appeal to movie lovers and history buffs both.<br />IMPORTANT!! This is a film which can ONLY be appreciated in widescreen/DVD format.  The dogfight sequences, the impressive sets and much of the drama is lost in the version formatted for TV, resulting in the butchering of a masterpiece.
B000002G7E|5.0|This is the Velvet Underground I was looking for--raw and mean. Nothing smooth here.
B00003CWL6|5.0|American Beauty is the kind of rare film that comes along that could actually change your life.  It leaves you wanting to run out and tell everyone everything you've always wanted to tell, but were too embarassed; to do everything you've always wanted to do, but were to afraid to take the risk.  Whenever I watch this movie I always cry at two parts - when they are watching the video of the bag blowing in the wind and he talks about how there is so much beauty in the world - and at the end when Lester talks about falling stars and his grandmother's papery hands - and that shot of Carolyn on the amusement park ride and the way he says &quot;and Carolyn&quot; -  such subtle things, but they really punch straight to the heart.  This film is proof that what really makes a film great is not special effects or big budgets, or even big name stars (even though there are stars here), but a story and characters that make you FEEL something so profound that it stays with you for the rest of your life.  American Beauty is one of those greats.  Let it flow through you... like rain.
6301208773|4.0|Die Hard, which launched the career of Bruce Willis is also one of the most influential action movies ever made. Its on my classic movie list! Die Hard is about NYC cop Lt. John McClane(Willis). He is visting his wife Holly on Christmas eve. She lives and works out in L.A. and the two are having some problems. Anyways while visting her at her work, the Nakatomi Tower a group of terrorits take over the tower, holding the 30 or so workers there hostage. McClane isn't taken bu the hostages and sneaks around throughout the rest of the movie to try and stop the terrorits. Other cast memebers include Bonnie Bedalia as Holly Genaro/McClane, Reginald Veljohnson as an L.A. cop who makes contact with McClane, and a superb performance by Alan Rickman as Hans Gruber the head terrorist. This is what action movies are made of! The trilogy is worth buying! Followed by Die Hard 2:Die Harder and Die Hard With A Vengence. I reccomend both. Rated R for violence and profanity.
B00000ICD9|5.0|I only caught a glimpse of this movie while watching a TV documentary on special effects. Not only are the visual effects stunning, the whole story and concept is amazing. I have dreamt of heaven and hell. How they depicted hell was very close to the one I saw in my dream. Heaven for me was very different from Robin William's heaven though. I immediately bought the DVD version and YES .. it is one of those rare movies that only comes by once in a blue moon. People who are open-minded about reincarnation, that heaven and hell are states of existence created by the Mind - both personal and universal minds, that our reality is what each of us makes of it, this movie is for you.  For people who have fundamentalistic belief or people who don't believe in soulmates, go somewhere else.
6305280711|5.0|I say its a different Die Hard because it changes the format of 1 and 2. Its not just in one place on Christmas eve. Its a lot different. This time John McClane(Willis) is living in NYC and has been sorta seperated from his wife Holly for a year. Simon, Hans Grueber's brother is out for revenge for the killing of Hans at Nakatomi. Simon is setting up bombs all across NYC and McClane is assinged to run around and defuse them. He later picks up Zeus(Samuel L. Jackson) who helps him out. But there is a secret behing all this bomb defusing which I won't give away. It makes the film so much better. I love the cast, Jeremy Irons is excellent as Simon. Rip-roaring action fun! The dvd could have used some more extra features besides the trailer for all 3 of the movies and the 5 minute featurette. Rated R for violence and profanity. I hope Die Hard 4 which is in talks goes through, id love to see another one.
6304698690|5.0|Even as an adult, I find this movie to be wonderful and magical. If you have children or just want it for yourself this movie is a delight!
B00001MXWX|4.0|Here is my second installment in my 3 part Star Trek reviews. This is the latest and 9th installment in the popular star trek series. This is a great movie, i don't hink it was quite as good as first contact, but nevertheless it was a great movie. It deals mainly about a small group of people who, 300 years ago , fled from their homeworld to start a better one on a new and deserted planet. So the people from the old world are dying and need the healing power that this new planet produces to save them. So Captain Jean-luc picard of the Enterprise steps in to save the when he believes the Federstion has made a bad mistake by halping the dying race, because the federstion wants to help the dying race move the people off of their planet. great movie i reccommend it.
0679879269|5.0|This was THE best book I have ever read!  I have read some of the other reviews where people wrote that it is against Christianity, but wouldn't you have stopped reading by NOW!!!  I do think that it is a very sad book though, and I DEFINETLY do not recomend it to a younger reader (9 and below) for a few reasons:<br />1) This is a pretty gory book 2) Some of the vocabulary is pretty advanced 3) Some of the scenes would not be appropriate  4) And I doubt a kid would even understand it<br />An astoundingly good book!
0761119752|5.0|My eleven month old loves this book so much, she actually kisses it.  The pages are stuck together from her very wet, drooly kisses.  My 3 year old niece and 5 year old nephew also enjoy reading this book.  It's a book that everyone enjoys!
6302794331|5.0|This movie has become a regular holiday tradition in our home (along with It's A Wonderful Life) and I'm serious when I say it may well be my favorite version of Dickens' classic story.  Yes, it has the typical Muppet elements (it is very funny at times), but stays true to the story and is actually quite moving.  Michael Caine is a thoroughly convincing and wonderful Scrooge.  Few actors could portray the transformation of Scrooge with such a mix of humor and warmth, and with Muppets no less!   Paul Williams' musical score is fantastic and it's a wonder to me that he didn't receive more acclaim for it (it far surpasses the recent Disney scores of Tim Rice and others). Make this movie a tradition for your holidays...adults and children alike will be glad you did.
B000003TA4|5.0|Kurt Cobain truly put it all into this album. The selection of genres create a fantastic piece of musical history. From the severe grunginess (I think that's a word) of Smells Like Teen Spirit, to the slow passion revealed in Polly, this album is great. However, as Kurt used to say, you can't be a true fan if you think these are the only Nirvana songs. You have to discover their hidden meanings, and enjoy them for that. TOTAL NIRVANA!
0671721720|5.0|This book manages to not let you down after On Basilisk Station, which is an impressive feat.<br />Solid plot, good characters, better fleshing out of them than On Basilisk Station, same believable technology constraints leading to interesting space battles. Good amount of action, good amount of plotting. The book simply has no flaws. It is not a masterpiece of literature, but it is very solid entertainment.<br />On this book, Honor is put in a position with diplomatic implications. Bad enough that Honor don't understand and, in fact, despises politics and diplomacy, but the people who have to be wooed are utterly sexist. For a change, these sexist are not(...) They are, in fact, very nice people for the most part. Fortunately, Honor can release her tension on the enemies, who happen to be sexist(...) :-)<br />Another nice thing about this book is that the Havenite officers are competent and likable.
B000050XEI|3.0|I very much enjoy Enya's work, but, once again, her voice seems smothered by the music. The lyrics are often difficult to hear, and the pieces, althought good, have a certain &quot;sameness&quot;. I just don't think Enya's voice has the power to stand on its own, as Loreena McKennitt or Mary Jane Lamond can.
B00003CXE7|5.0|MAXIMUS!!!  MAXIMUS!!!  MAXIMUS!!!<br />This was the best movie I have seen in a long time.  Not since &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot; have I seen a movie of such intensity, power, and grandeur as to remain with me for days after viewing it.  Everything about this movie clicked.  The casting is superb.  The classic story of revenge is well written into the time period, and superbly acted out.  The action scenes kick butt and leave you hungry for more, particularly those in the Colosseum.<br />If the Academy doesn't give this film the Best Picture Oscar next year, I will be highly disappointed.  I think Russell Crowe equally deserves at least a nod for Best Actor, although he will have some tough competition in Tom Hanks (Castaway) and Mel Gibson (The Patriot).  Joaquin Phoenix should also receive the Best Supporting Actor nod, his work as Commodus is brilliant.<br />An incredible film I will enjoy watching for years to come.
0783225857|5.0|I've reviewed the VHS version. But I purchased a DVD player recently and this was my first movie. There are hundreds of movies I don't want nor need on DVD. (I want most to have some special significance/FX or scenes you &quot;need&quot; to replay over and over i.e., Top Gun, Jurassic Park, Twister, Men in Black, Independence Day) Mostly and fantastic about this DVD; another complete version with Mr. Mulligan and Mr. Pakula doing a detailed commentary through the entire film. Put on headphones and it feels like you're in the middle of the two guys chatting about friends you all knew years ago! Very Cool (Not for a first or second time viewer)   I also enjoy how each talks about different characters, Jim Anderson (Bob Ewell), having had a real &quot;backwoods mentality&quot; problem with everyone in the movie, (being so true to his character.)  This never surprised me, but Phillip Alford (Jem) remembers the many &quot;physical&quot; takes that hurt when he and Bob Ewell tangle. How Anderson took his part WAY TOO SERIOUSLY!!!!   Also Phillip recounts the way Scout, (Mary Badham) bugs him through the entire movie about his lines.....funny to hear about all the trouble they had behind the scenes, but how much fun it was doing the film to begin with.   Get the DVD; you won't regret a moment or a dollar spent. What more can I say?  Nothing.
B00004THAY|1.0|I have always been a fan of BB King, and of Eric Clapton when he decides to play blues.  I looked forward to hearing this album like a kid waiting to open Christmas presents.  Unfortunately, this CD is more promotional hype than substance.<br />I don't know why these two guys seem to be acting so condescending towards each other when they are both true talents that could blow away most people with their blues ability and experience.  Yet when they get together they are seem more focused on praising then playing.  Maybe this album was never meant to be a serious blues album, but a good time get together between the two.  Either way, I'd rather spend money on SERIOUS music than this.<br />If I were you, I'd wait to hear this one when it reaches the cutout section instead.
0375804013|5.0|My English students in Korea enjoy the change of pace from the usual drudgery of learning English as a foreign language.  The passages printed in large type are relatively easy for them, so they are quite willing to spend five or ten minutes being tested on those passages.<br />The book also supplies comic relief.  The middle school students find it mildly amusing, the elementary school students find it moderately amusing, and the preschool students roll on the floor.
0446310786|4.0|To Kill a Mockingbird was one of the best books I've ever read.  This story does a number of things to you at the same time.  It educates you as far as how things went back in times when blacks and whites were seperated and were enemies.  It also takes you through the life of a young girl and gives you a view of the world from an innocent child's eyes. The only flaw in the book is that the author takes her knowledge of the vocabulary and instills it in an eight year old girl.  There are two main themes in the book.  The first is the need for compassion.  This is the most important, and is mentioned several times throughout the book.  Atticus is Scout's(the narrarator and main character) father and he is constantly reminding his children not to discriminate or make fun of anyone else unless you have &quot;been in their shoes.&quot;  The second theme is the need for conscience.  Atticus is the local town lawyer and he takes a case defending a black man, knowing that he won't win.  He has a good, clear conscience and wants his children to be proud of him as well as be like him.  This book makes you not want to put it down because there is action in every chapter.  I would definetly recommend this book to anyone who has a spare $6 to spend.  The end of the book goes like this.....           Wait a minute, if I told you then there wouldn't be a point in you reading it.  I guess you'll just have to read it for yourself and find out.
B00004SVID|4.0|Why is album worth buying? First of all, it does contain 2 songs (I think) that aren't in the original studio album. Second of all, it does sound a little different than the studio version - not as perfect and as polished (even though it sounds a little too polished at times...), so it gives the listener a different perspective of the piece. These are good enough reasons for me to be glad I've purchased this album, but they might not be good enough for everyone...
B00001NFCY|4.0|Even though Creed is harder than the music I normally listen to, I was intrigued by the lyrics of &quot;Higher&quot;.  After being startled to hear the not-so-toned-down version of the song and the other songs, I was able to listen to the songs themselves.  I find it refreshing to hear rock songs with depth.  Every song on this CD has an alternative, deeper meaning other than what is seen on the surface.  The writer of these songs has shown an honesty of their spirituality that even songwriters of some religious songs find difficult to capture.  It's thrilling to finally hear a group who is willing to approach the problems of the average Joe.
0060930187|5.0|The book tells the story of a young English major who finds herself breaking down mentally and being treated by electric shock in a special institute. This novel is said to be based on the life of the author, Sylvia Plath.<br />Is Esther a younger version of Sylvia, or just a wannabe girl with ambitions to become a poet / author / journalist? Or maybe this is just the way Sylvia sees herself, denying all her literary accomplishments? I find that to be one of the most interesting questions raised in the book.<br />I sensed that Esther's main problem was not knowing how to handle the world around her once she got out of the &quot;perfect&quot; environment of being a star pupil in school and college, and living in a world where she might not be the &quot;star&quot; but the average person or even fail evry once in a while... She starts to feel confused while staying in NYC. Even though she got that stay as a prize in a competition, and the prize could be seen as a high point for her, once she gets there she finds herself in social and personal situations she just can't handle properly. Some are minor, such as drinking the water meant for cleaning her fingers in dinner - and some more serious, like getting involved with Doreen's newfound friends, and finding out too late that she'd rather spend time with the &quot;nicer&quot; girls, boring as they might be compared to the former.<br />When she finally gets back home, she experiences the first &quot;academic&quot; failure she has in a while - not being accepted to a writing course she was absolutely sure she'd get into. She hadn't made other plans, and is so shocked by the failure she just spends her time doing nothing in her mom's house, and that eventually drives her to think the thoughts and ask the questions that eventually break her down.<br />Her treatment at the institute sounds like a &quot;standard&quot; and obvious, but I found the descriptions of the other patients rather amusing in a cynical and black humor sort of way...<br />Esther has a very distorted view of men. The sofisticated men of New York all turn out to be creeps and empty headed people, the guy wshe chooses to lose her virginity with is a calculated women chaser, and even Buddy, who seems to be the perfect guy at first - handsome and smart medical student - turns out to be the sort of person who looks down on Esther, her ambitions and thoughts, and her mental situation.
1878424319|5.0|This book touches the core of a person because you already know the truth that you are reading.  It is very easy to read and you find yourself beginning to pull forth the four agreements that are buried deep within you almost immediately.  Changing your way of being is a deep subject, but the way the book is written, you believe that the change will be as easy as falling off a log.  In this book, Miguel Ruiz is extremely adept at conversing with you as you read.  I highly recommend this book to EVERYONE.
0452273331|3.0|the characters are too &quot;black or white&quot;, and are too extreme - each and every one of them... The philosophy behind this book - that not everything new is bad, and that any new idea should be inspected before being rejected on the basis of being new - is a very good one considering the fact that they were working in a very conservative environment. But again, the message is given in its most extreme version, and it seems that instead of rejecting new ideas and accepting only old ones, Ayn Rands wants us to accept new ideas and reject all old ones, which is just as wrong as the old fashioned way of looking at things...<br />I don't see Roarke as a hero - in his extreme behavior, he almost missed his purpose, and maybe if he learned to be a little more flexible at times he would have had more chances of having people listening to him and would have had a much better chance and a much easier time spreading his message around - some people's objections were to him as a person, not to what he was trying to say. This may seem unfair, but that's the way life is...<br />The other drawback of this book si the fact it's VERY old fashioned, and not that relevant to our modern society in many ways...
630289915X|5.0|This film has become a Christmas tradition in my family.  We watch it every year and never tire of it.  Frank Capra is a master of creating films with a message that reinforce strong values.  This is probably his greatest film in that regard.  Both he and Stewart have publicly stated that this is their favorite film.<br />The message in this film is one of courage and sacrifice for the greater good as George Bailey, a man with big ideas about seeing the world, continually forsakes his own desires to do what is right for the town.  The second message is that each life important.  No matter how insignificant we feel we are, we are all inextricably linked to each other and play an important part in the fabric of one another's lives.<br />Capra's direction is brilliant.  His genius is bringing human stories to life in a ways that not only make a point, but that totally involve the audience in the lives of the characters.  He is always extremely optimistic about the human condition.  He is known for testing his characters with overwhelming adversity to make them struggle to triumph in a way that causes the world to change and the character to grow.  For this reason his films were always crowd pleasers and this film was the best of all in that regard.<br />Led by Capra's understanding hand, the actors all did a magnificent job.  Stewart's wide-eyed enthusiasm and boyish charm, coupled with an unbending strength of character made him the perfect folk hero.  Donna Reed was lovely and charming and attained the right balance between being supportive and inspirational.  The romantic chemistry between her and Stewart was subtle and charming.  Lionel Barrymore was towering as the greedy old skinflint who was trying to take over the town.  Thomas Mitchell plays one of my favorite characters, as the bumbling Uncle Billy in probably his most memorable role.<br />This film is number eleven on AFI's list of best films of the century.  It was nominated for five academy awards and wonnone.  It was swept in 1947 by \\"The Best Years of Our Lives\\", a great film that won seven Oscars that year but in my opinion was the lesser film.  History has corrected that minor injustice by rendering \\"It's a Wonderful Life\\" an enduring classic that is viewed and loved by generation after generation.  Of course, I rated it a 10/10.  I can't wait to see it again this Christmas.
B00004YA66|5.0|I cannot believe I missed this one during it's theatrical release.This is one helluva spectacular sci-fi/murder mystery thriller sure to capture the attention of even those viewers who despise science-fiction or find movies dealing with time too perplexing.The key to understanding and appreciating this one is too pay very close attention to details throughout the film.The rest is easy to follow and comprehend.<br />If anyone was given a second chance to re-write their past and that of others to bring back a loved one,despite the multitude of alternate consequences that could occur,would they do it ? That's exactly the basis for this film. However, detective John Sullivan did not realize just how grave the consequences would become after doing just that by using his deceased father's ham-wave radio!From here on the real ride takes flight with several unsolved serial killings intertwined ! No pun intended, but time is of the essence in catching the killer and righting a wrong...<br />This is one of the first time altering sci- fi movies that can pull at the viewer's emotions or heartstrings when you realize that most of us in a heartbeat would love to have another chance with our dearly departed. The acting by Dennis Quaid is a genuine stellar performance. Jim Caviezel portrays his role perfectly as a man still emotionally and psychologically haunted by his father's death. His character walks through life in a half-awake,depressed, somber state while letting others sort of trample on him.<br />Every aspect of this film with regards to story,acting,effects are astonishing ! Give yourselves a second chance and rent or buy this dvd;It may be a keeper in your movie collection...
6305537313|5.0|This wonderful romantic comedy featuring Audrey Hepburn and George Peppard and adapted from a novella by Truman Capote is as complex as it is touching.  As we meet Holly Golightly (Hepburn), she appears to be a quirky girl of modest means who yearns to lives the jet set lifestyle.  She window shops at Tiffany's and throws wild parties in her apartment.  Her chief source of income comes from weekly visits to a Mafia don in prison, relaying \\"weather reports\\" to his lawyer on the outside.  She seems to be the picture of superficiality, described by O.J. Berman (Martin Balsam) as a \\"real phony\\", a person who is not what she appears to be, but is convinced she is.<br />Paul Varjak is an apathetic writer with one book and no ideas.  He moves in upstairs from Holly and they immediately strike up a fire escape friendship.  His only source of income comes from being a gigolo to his wealthy interior decorator (Patricia Neal) who pays him handsomely for his services every chance she gets.  Paul and Holly seem to be two of a kind, abject losers pretending to be what they are not.<br />However, as the story unfolds, the layers are peeled away and the motivation for Holly's go-lightly personality is revealed in her difficult past.  She is far more complex and deep than we first believe, using her lifestyle as a defense mechanism, a way of running from herself.  The friendship and love that grow between Paul and Holly make better people of each and ultimately help them to transcend their personal flaws, but not without great difficulties.<br />For director Blake Edwards, who became most renowned for a spate of Pink Panther movies, this film was probably among his finest moments.  These were complicated characters and he revealed them slowly with nuance.  They were also developing as people and his treatment of this effect was both subtle and powerful.<br />The film was not without controversy.  Truman Capote was adamant about having Marilyn Monroe in the lead, but the studio wentwith Audrey Hepburn, who was far less popular but who was probably better for the complexities of the character.  They had selected a very young John Frankenheimer as director, who at that point had only TV credits on his resume.  Hepburn refused to work with him and he was dumped in favor of Edwards.  Capote wanted the film to remain true to the book's dark and depressing ending, but the studio chose to play to the masses and end it on an upbeat.  Personally, I'm glad they did.<br />The film has been roundly criticized in the present day for the character portrayed by Mickey Rooney.  Rooney played a caricature of a bumbling Japanese neighbor that was extremely unflattering to Asians although admittedly it was hilarious.  This is considered a shocking portrayal in today's politically correct society, but it stirred little furor at the time, when everyone was far more insensitive and far less oversensitive.  When the film was released, the biggest criticism was that Edwards overused the character to the point of making him nauseating, which was an obvious error in judgment.  If Rooney only had one or two scenes rather than roughly a dozen, it probably wouldn't have become such a lightening rod.<br />Hepburn and Peppard were both terrific in the leads.  Hepburn, who was nominated for best actress for the role, gave Holly a lovable quirkiness that belied her deeper troubles.  When it was time to broaden the character, Hepburn gave her intricacy and depth that I feel Marilyn Monroe never could have accomplished.  Peppard was more than just a dashing and handsome foil for Hepburn.  He played Paul with sensitivity and refinement and had incredible chemistry with Hepburn, making the romance very natural and believable.<br />One of the best things about the film was the soundtrack, which brought the film its only two Oscars from five nominations.  Henry Mancini's musical score was marvelous and film's theme song, \\"Moon River\\" written by Henry Mancini and Johnny Mercer is anenduring classic.<br />The DVD version brings new life to the original Technicolor photography and brings fullness to Mancini's fabulous soundtrack.<br />This richly textured film has both depth and range.  It has just the right balance of lightness and heaviness, with well-explored characters that change before our eyes.  I rated it a 10/10.  It is an intelligent and affecting film that is worth seeing.
0780631684|4.0|Well, at least it's nowhere near as mindless as the Scream trilogy with respect to story or plot...<br /> Imagine discovering death's pattern before it claims your life or your friends. The Grim Reaper never had it so good with job security. Even the Reaper is given a challenge when Alex Browning suddenly has a supernatural sense for throwing a monkey wrench into it's path. Now Death is major pissed and is coming back with a wrathful vengeance ! Can Alex and his surviving friends keep steps ahead of death or avoid it's early arrival for long ?...<br />There were some scenes that (shame on some viewers) did tickle the funny bone when they were meant to do anything but (the scene with the ditzy high school blonde and the bus)...After seeing the dvd version and it's wonderful inside scoop on public test screenings it's refreshing to know that if certain films are indeed bad (to be considered at least by some critics) it's because of the public(albeit a certain age demographic) and not necessarily the writers,directors, or actors.The most hilarious part in the screening extra featurette was hearing director James Wong read one anonymous screen questionnaire as to why he did not rate the film to be excellent !<br />The acting is credulous on the part of Devon Sawa.Many of us have seen people have panick or anxiety attacks;His attack looked real ! Actress Ali Larter likewise did a commendable job as the independent highschool waif who is also tuned into Alex's &quot;keen sense&quot;...<br />At face value this is an entertainer. There is nothing philosophical or cerebral here.It's to be taken as a creepy thriller with plenty of moments of comedic relief involving highschool teenage angst issues...
068484267X|4.0|i thought this book accurately described the life of a boy growing up in Ireland. Although the book is sad at times, how Frank McCourt writes is more to teach than to get sympathy. I am happy with the ending and that his life is a success story. Reading it was not slow, but more of a page turner wanting to read on to see what he would experienced next.  Frank McCourt writes beautifully and I would be happy to read any of his other works!
B00004Z4WR|4.0|I purhased this movie the day it came out due to all the hype that this movie recieved and I must say that I wasn't disappointed. This really is a movie for guys or gals who likes cars. I personally loved this movie because I am a HUGE mustang fan! The 67 Shelby that they feature towards the end of the movie is awesome. I've never seen that car before! It would have been nice if they could have had a maybe one more chase scene instead of just the one with the Shelby Mustang, but the one that they do have doesn't disappoint at all. Pretty good acting from Nicholas Cage. If you love cars, you will love this movie! :-)
B00001NFCY|5.0|I think Creed is a great band. I dont usually like this type of band, but I just love this CD, especially With Arms Wide Open.I like this because it was written about the lead singers son. Its a sweet song. But, on the contrary, i love What IF!!I like how its combines softer music with rock music. The words of every song are great, like Higher.It seems like each song expresses some feeling that whoever wrote was trying to express.
068484267X|4.0|Frank McCourt's memoir of his childhood experiences presents an interesting and enlightening journey into the past of a young Irish boy. McCourt tells the story of how his family moved back to Ireland, from New York, when he was five. Throughout the novel, McCourt describes his innermost feelings, thoughts, and fears surrounding the events he encountered during his youth.  In addition, McCourt conveys the tragedy and  misery that was so typical of the destitute life in the Limerick of the mid 1900's. Despite the tribulation and sadness that is depicted in the book, McCourt's emotional and heart gripping memoir is ultimately delivering a message of hope. In addition, there are many humorous moments in the book which are, in turn, made all the more comical by the innocence and honesty of the young McCourt as the narrator. I truly enjoyed this book; even upon reading the first few pages, I was instantly pulled into the activities and events of the story, and I found myself rooting for the success of McCourt all the way to the end.
B00004YA66|5.0|This is a movie both sexes will love.  It has something for everyone, is engaging, filled with great action sequences, as well as a thought-provoking plot that makes sense.  We loved it.
0064400557|5.0|This is a beautiful story which I read when I was about 11 and I have never forgotten the story and it's a book that I never get tired of.  It's a story about friendship, hope and love.  I strongly recommend it: for children who will learn about friendship, love and hope as well as for adults: who needs a little reminder of what is still present in the world.
0060977493|1.0|I tried.  God, I tried.  After 50 pages, I sampled near the end of the book.  The same.      So I did it.  I gave up on her.  The author can write stunningly - but she writes as if answering one question:  Just how clever and expressive can I be?  She writes as if the storyline is only a tease for her 'where the hell is this going' descriptions.    It made me want to go home and kick the dog.    Update Autumn 2007: I picked it up this summer again and I finished the damn thing. I am stubborn sometimes.    My assessment stands. A lot of work for little reward. This is a great book if you are never going to die - but for average readers who must account for their time, there are too many other excellent books whose authors write with the reader in mind, keeping them within a traceable arc of our common journey.
B00003CX8J|3.0|I'll start by saying I did enjoy this movie, I just found that a lot more could have been done in the amount of time that the movie was.  What did they really do? Introduced the characters (of course) , Magneto threatned to cause some damage, the XMEN stopped him. That was it. Nothing really happened.  The special effects were good and the acting was fine.  It seemed to me like more happened in the 1/2 hour cartoons than in this movie. I'm hoping for a bit more to happen in the next movie.  This movie is  fine for setting up the next movie, I guess they did that right.
0783221487|4.0|Since I just finished watching the SciFi mini-series, I thought I'd go back and review the David Lynch movie.<br />There are 2 known versions of Dune, the movie. One was released in theaters and is the version they sell on video. This is shorter than the other version, but well-crafted despite the studio's insistence on a ~2 hour time limit (the rough draft was some four hours long).<br />Then there is the &quot;Smithee&quot; version, sometimes EXTREMELY erroneously referred to as the &quot;Director's Cut&quot;. Kids, this is what is known as an Anti-Director's Cut. When it came time to do a release for TV, the studio took the extra footage and added only some of it in (and not for added effect), replaced the introduction with a ridiculous drawing w/ voiceover, and did lots of other nasty things that resulted in Lynch demanding his name removed from the film, hence &quot;Directed by Alan Smithee&quot;, the Hollywood pseudonym for directors who don't want to be associated with bad product.<br />You can still see the TV release, which is tamer than the wild Lynch original on the DISNEY channel among others (an indication of how much it was tamed).<br />As for the mini-series, I'll be interested to see it all of one piece, but I felt that the acting was poor, the costuming unimaginative, the soundtrack inappropriate (was that Celtic music?) and the script played fast and loose with Herbert's masterpiece, but then was hampered by its sometime strict adherence to the book! <br />Best of all possible worlds: Lynch and the studio reconcile, put out a TRUE Director's Cut, and enhance it with modern special effects much the way Lucas enhanced and re-released the Star Wars trilogy before putting out Episode 1.<br />The theatrical release stands the test of time. But it is most accessible to those who have read the book, because the proscribed length doesn't allow for much explanation to those unfamiliar with Herbert's work. The TV version is an example of why a film is born three times: in the script, in the filming and in the editing. The editing here ruins the film. Watch it as an appendix to the theatrical release for the extra footage. Despise the studio for meddling, and worse than that, meddling to adverse result.
6304167660|5.0|Sure, the film might be a bit sappy at times.  And granted, there are a few occasions when you want to reach through the screen and slap the male characters in the head to tell them to get on with their lives.  Personally, though, it's still my favorite film.  One that I watch repeatedly and find myself quoting on a daily basis.<br />Full of snappy one liners (&quot;Who are you Rex Harrison?&quot;), memorable exchanges (Noah Emmerich's explosion, &quot;You beat up my friend, you beat up me...&quot;), and great performances by Natalie Portman, Timothy Hutton, Michael Rapaport and the entire cast make this an extremely pleasurable film experience.  <br />The beauty of Beautiful Girls is that it can be taken it at so many levels.  It contains everything from over the top pop culture references (&quot;You gonna' watch 'Rich Man, Poor Man'...) and crude sophomoric humor (David Arquette as Bobby Conway), to literary references and cautious, yet effective handling of taboo societal discussions.  It's a guy movie, a date flick, a comedy, an ironic social commentary, a coming of age tale, and a remember-the-wonderyears film in one quirky and charming package.
6305538018|3.0|When I started watching this I screamed &quot;It's Naked Lunch! Run!&quot; and jumped from my couch, planning to flee. But I stuck it through to the end. *Whew* It was rough, but I did watch the whole thing. It's a typical Croenberg, drug induced fantasy of a film. Good in spots, incomprehensible in others. Just remember to watch it sober.
0140177396|3.0|The book Of mice and men was a really geat book, i read it befor in eighth grade but it meant more and i could understadn it better. The book was put together well , but i didn't like the was it ended Steinbeck could have went into a little more detail of the way George went on without Lennie.i like the was he showed the relationship between Lennie and Geoge, and how george took care of him and how Lenny took care of George. Steinbeck to me had to hve a creative imagination to write such a great creative book.
B00004Y7SF|1.0|I really hate most Xmas albums, I think that they are responsible for alot of the holiday mayhem and murders. But this CD is remarkably awful. I have to be honest, I did not listen to the entire CD, it probably would have killed me! This &quot;artist's&quot; meager singing ability coupled with Xmas-themed material makes for a very unpleasant experience. To quote one reviewer: &quot;You go girl!&quot;. Yes, please go, now.
B000002NHN|5.0|This is probably one of my favorite albums because of the haunting melodies and the words you will remember as you shut your eyes from the envious day. These are songs that grow with you and that you will inspire you to sleep amongst the faerie's viel.
B000050XEI|4.0|Enya is a talented and gifted lady. I am a long time fan of hers and her family's musical efforts -- Clannad. Many will indeed criticize this album. At first glance, it sounds much simpler than her previous efforts. Almost stripped, but that is what one or two listening sessions will lead you to believe. Frankly, I find this album much more enjoyable than The Memory of Trees. It left me feeling that she was really connected to herself, the mood and her feelings. Memory left me disconnected although I like that album very much. This album is shorter than the rest. I think the topics and choice of title fit great. It is interesting to hear Enya touch the dark side of sentiment in Tempus Vernum. It intrigued me. I agree with the other reviewer --- it sounds like a violent thunderstorm. I really think she has got a gift and should keep going forward. My only wish is that the album was longer... My favorite song is Lazy Days.
B00003CWPR|1.0|I consider myself a movie aficionado who appreciates many genres of movies.  However, I found nothing redeeming or interesting about Eyes Wide Shut.  This movie was plainly and absolutely aweful.
B00004ZB9D|5.0|...Britney Spears/boyband crap, take yourself 'way' back to the 90s, when rock wasn't formulaic and just downright annoying.  It seemed strange to me when I'd heard that Lenny Kravitz had a greatest hits CD; it seems like he's always been around (since my junior high days at least, and I'm three years out of college), but it didn't seem like he really had much out there until I listened to the CD and heard &quot;It Ain't Over 'Til It's Over,&quot; &quot;Let Love Rule,&quot; and even the less-heard &quot;Cab Driver&quot; and realized that he's been pretty prolific.  <br />The album is a good mix of funk and classic rock, with some pretty good ballads thrown in--kind of like Jimmy Hendrix, Al Green, and the Beatles had a baby together.  I recommend it for anyone who came of age during the mid to late 90s especially.  I hope Kravitz sticks around awhile longer.
B00003CWPR|1.0|I consider myself a movie aficionado who appreciates many genres of movies.  However, I found nothing redeeming or interesting about Eyes Wide Shut.  This movie was plainly and absolutely aweful.
B00004ZB9D|5.0|This is great cd and I think everyone should own it.
B0000507R2|1.0|Answer:  When it does not contain any video clips, concert footage, commentary, or moving video content.  For...the price of the CD, you get a mundane still photo of Natalie and/or friends pasted on your video screen while the song plays in the background.... that's it!  How they have the nerve to market this as a DVD eludes my rational thought process...at least call it a DA(audio)D or something to distinguish it from something that actually has music video content.  It's hard to believe that someone bought this before me without writing this review!   Stay away from this one........
B00003CXE7|5.0|Simply a great film. Perhaps the best example of an historical epic in recent years, and yes, I find it to be better than Braveheart. I only wish that Russell Crowe would have been given his due three years ago when he turned in an Oscar-worthy performance in LA Confidential. I can't think of a better actor to play Maximus. Plus, no one else could've have been as bombastic or cantankerous as Oliver Reed (as Proximo). The historical epic hasn't died out yet.
B00004R7AP|5.0|For some unknown reason, it is taking a very long time for the U.S.A to warm up to this band.  There are so many clone bands out there with talent limited to looking good and decent singing.  This video shows that you can look great and sing beautifully and back it up with phenomenal musical talent.  These 3 beautiful sisters and their brother are The Corrs and their Irish Pop/Rock sound is possibly the most infectious sound to come along in 10 years.  They have been around for 5 years or so and have sold over 15 million albums worldwide, yet they haven't been able to make a significant impact on the huge American market.  If more people see this video and witness the brilliance of this band and their peerless live show, they will become as household a name as that Spears girl (ya right).  And if Andrea, the lead singer, isn't the most beautiful woman in the world, then we don't need oxygen to live.  Don't miss a chance to capture what they're all about with this video.
6302638771|4.0|This 3:00 plus video of President Kennedy's Assasination is a spectacular masterpiece. Joe Pesci does a great job as David Ferrie. Tommy Lee Jones is the best. Gary Oldman is rivieting.
B00004T9UF|5.0|This is the first rap album I bought in years. After seeing Eminem live on SNL where he played &quot;Stan&quot; with Dido, I was floored. His style is fresh, and his lyrics range from funky cool to downright haunting. I love the way he mocks our current spread of poppy crap bands, they'll all be a distant memory two years from now. Eminem writes his own music, and he's damn good. I don't know how he will ever top an album this close to perfection. The lyrical content may offend some, but if artists didn't shake us up, we'd miss the message. It's too bad people miss the point in &quot;Kim&quot;. This song may be a brutally violent, and disturbing, but it drives home the message that domestic violence happens- and it's wrong. Buy this album.
B00003Q438|5.0|I STILL to this day believe the scene between Ed Harris and his wife where she intentionally drowns herself in a desperate attempt to survive an almost hopeless situation is one of THE MOST INTENSE I have EVER seen.  You could almost FEEL the panic as she succumbs to her situation.  Underrated at best, 'The Abyss', whether you add the deleted scenes (which really DO add to the story) or not, this is a fantastic story of intelligent life living on planet earth for just as long as we have (who knows, maybe even longer?).<br />I STILL have a problem with the ending.  Its as if Cameron came out and wrote and directed a great story which had no ending, but in order to wrap up filming, he tied up some loose ends WAY TOO QUICKLY.  For instance, when everyone finally notices they are at the surface of the ocean instead of at the depths, the explanation for why they didn't suffer from the bends was something like this: &quot;They musta DONE somethin' to us!&quot;  C'mon! Is that the BEST you could've come up with when you've got a budget of millions of dollars??  Aside from the contrived and on the whole totally unbelievable ending, 'The Abyss' IS in fact a great adventure worth the ride, and the DVD version only enhances an already great movie (except for the ending, of course).<br />By the way, 'The Abyss' SCREAMS for a sequel, don't you agree? PLEASE!!  If for nothing else than to explain exactly WHAT was found under the water, where they came from, and a few other questions I've come up with over the years.
0790729628|5.0|When I first saw &quot;Blade Runner&quot; in 1982, I was literally blown away by the film's amazing production design, dazzling visual effects, and suprisingly human story. Quite simply, &quot;Blade Runner&quot; is the best dystopian vision ever put on film, and raises questions about the true meaning of humanity. <br />The director's cut of &quot;Blade Runner&quot; simply improves on a classic with a bit more character background and the elimination of Harrison Ford's horrid faux-noir narration. Best yet, the silly &quot;drive in the country&quot; happy ending, mandated by studio bosses, also ends up in the trash can, replaced by a much neater ending in which Decker the hunter becomes the hunted. <br />When I heard that Harrison Ford's narration (such as it is) was being removed for the director's cut, I wondered how the film's wandering narrative would work, but after viewing the revised version, I find it just as easy to follow as the original.<br />The visual effects also hold up extremely well 18 years later, even when compared to today's computer-generated graphics, a real testament to the skill and vision of their creators.<br />One of the main criticisms of this film is that it portrays a dark, dank Los Angeles that could never really exist, but that's why they call it &quot;science fiction,&quot; folks. Go with it. And before you dismiss this film's vision of a future Los Angeles so easily, look at the ethnic mix in this film - a mismash of white people, Asians, Hispanics and other groups. Is that really so far removed from the real Los Angeles of today? <br />I do wish Warner Brothers would have done more in the way of special features on this disc, but overall this film is an unqualified success, and belongs in every movie lover's collection.
B00004YYDI|4.0|Grab a glass of MILK and enjoy!
0399146253|4.0|This is not your typical Kay Scarpetta book and it's not easy to rate. Little forensic brilliance, lots of angst. Dr. Kay is not her prickly but positive self but rather a haunted, hunted individual actually being accused of one of the heinous butcheries she so detests. She is a dark, Poe-esque heroine and the book is hard reading, plodding through the gloom, at parts. But for those who know and love the Scarpetta saga, to put it down would be unforgiveable. And in the end it's worth it, even if it leaves us waiting for an inevitable followup which is almost Part 2 of the book.    And it is brilliantly written, Poe-esque in that regard, too. At times passages soar. And Lucy is there, and Pete Marino and the villain we love to hate, the Werewolf.    It's heavy, too heavy. But a Scarpetta fan would not miss it.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|I have never really thought Maiden ever made &quot;1-star&quot; albums(as so-called &quot;die-hard&quot; fans say they have), but some POWER was missing. The POWER IS BACK! I know Maiden has &quot;moody-songs,&quot; and ones that are a bit-more complex than the average Hard Rock/Metal band, but THE SOUND is what I'm after, and this CD has a heavy-sound, yet distinctive songs, and dare I say melody?!!! I was in my friend's car right-after he bought this and was &quot;blown away&quot; by what seems to be rejuvenation by the band; like they are having fun &amp; playing with passion. I INTEND to buy this soon, and wanted to give my &quot;5-stars&quot; to over-ride the &quot;1-star&quot; &quot;experts&quot; that are bringing the rating down. AC/DC is my favorite-band, and &quot;rhythmless-experts&quot; brought-down &quot;Stiff Upper Lip&quot;'s rating, thus I could relate and wanted to help &quot;bring-up&quot; a rating I feel is justified(also I read where Bruce Dickinson loves &quot;Stiff Upper Lip,&quot; so I owe him one!). All of you Maiden-fans are so very-loyal, without being &quot;snobs&quot; like some fans of other-bands are. Iron Maiden will never die with quality-albums like this and loyal-fans such as yourselves.
B00001NFCY|1.0|Creed is a Christian Pearl Jam. I don't know if it's a bad coincidence that the singer's voice sounds like Eddie Vedder (well, maybe Eddie Vedder on crack, or Eddie Vedder after he converted to some crazy Southern snake charmer sect) but it irratates me immensely. <br /> Each song on this album is like something you'd hear at the dentist's office. The lyrics are worse than a Dr. Laura monologue! And like other bands, most of the reasons the group did so well is that chicks dig the members. Good looks get the benjamins rollin', baby.<br /> Bad album! A &quot;Thank you&quot; for those who are conscious of a &quot;separation of church and state&quot; in the U.S. Consitution.
B00004UFYU|4.0|This is a brillaint follow up of the First ERA CD. If you enjoyed the first one you will love this one just as much. The music is still filled with mystries and it takes you to beautiful places when you listen to it. It's worth ever cent!
B00004ZESV|4.0|This was a favorite VHS video a few years ago. When it was released to DVD I snatched. Kid Creole's music is breezy and worldly, hot and cool. His big band, with great horns and percussion, works hard and you are going to want to dance. The focal point is the Kid, with his Panama zoot suit and flashy guitar, and of course the coconuts. Calling these three beauties back-up singers doesn't do them justice. Their synchronized dance moves are very sexy, and they never stop. This band gives it their all and they are obviously having a great time. The Kid's music is very melodic, very catchy, and you will have songs running through your head. The picture quality and sound are improved over the VHS video, but the production shows its age and doesn't quite have the polish of recent concert videos. But it also doesn't have irritating MTV-style shaky cam quick cuts. Overall a very fun and satisfying production. The DVD has songs not on the VHS video, a nice surprise. Recommended.
B00004Y87O|2.0|Ok. So I'm a HUGE fan of Escape from New York. Obviously that's going to make me a little demanding of any treatment of the film. Just from examining the packaging, though, you can tell this DVD release doesn't do the film justice. Here's how:<br />1. The only 'extras' on this DVD are the theatrical trailer. Well, the recent VHS release of the movie has a complete documentary on it along with footage that was edited out of the original film. This footage does the setup for Snake Pliskin getting sent to prison. Why wasn't this on the DVD? Probably because it's being saved for a future 'collector's edition' DVD. Any fan who bought this will have to then buy a copy of the good one.<br />2. The cover illustration depicts Pliskin with a snake tattoo on his arm. He has a snake tattoo on his stomach, not on his arm. If you flip the box over, there's even a photo from the movie where you can see he doesn't have a tattoo on his right arm.<br />3. In the synopsis on the back, the text says &quot;Kurt Russell (Stargate) plays ....&quot; Whoah! If you're going to make a parenthetical reference describing Kurt Russell by a movie he's been in, THIS IS THE MOVIE to use. Not Stargate. I'm not bashing Stargate, but I bet Escape from New York is Kurt Russell's best-selling movie on DVD. Having seen it in the theater, I instantly became a Kurt Russell fan. When he came out with The Thing, Stargate, and Soldier, it was Snake Pliskin that made me want to see those movies.<br />Ok. So I've been ranting. The last comment I have to make is that if you're sick of buying DVD's that later get trumped by the 'collector's edition' being released, then don't buy this. Hold out for the inevitable 'Special Edition' of Escape from New York.
B00004ZESV|4.0|This was a favorite VHS video a few years ago. When it was released to DVD I snatched. Kid Creole's music is breezy and worldly, hot and cool. His big band, with great horns and percussion, works hard and you are going to want to dance. The focal point is the Kid, with his Panama zoot suit and flashy guitar, and of course the coconuts. Calling these three beauties back-up singers doesn't do them justice. Their synchronized dance moves are very sexy, and they never stop. This band gives it their all and they are obviously having a great time. The Kid's music is very melodic, very catchy, and you will have songs running through your head. The picture quality and sound are improved over the VHS video, but the production shows its age and doesn't quite have the polish of recent concert videos. But it also doesn't have irritating MTV-style shaky cam quick cuts. Overall a very fun and satisfying production. The DVD has songs not on the VHS video, a nice surprise. Recommended.
B00000293E|5.0|I recommend this to all blues lovers.  Willie Dixon never recieved the recognition he deserved until other artists covered his work.  From Muddy Watters and Bo Diddley to Cream and Led Zeppelin, many great artists from all genres of music played Willie's music.  what a great album!
B000001ES4|5.0|Words cannot express the great joy and emotion that this music evokes.  My first Secret Garden creation and what a find!  I would recommend this work highly for anyone wanting to travel to a different place of joy and wonder and grace...to dance the dance...
B000002UB3|5.0|If you're looking for a single album to encapsulate the Beatles experience, none would do better than ABBEY ROAD.  In the wake of the success of THE BEATLES ONE, it's easy to think that the sum of the Beatles' parts is their long string of popular successes.  But no single work demonstrates the full range of the Fab Five (George Martin included) than this, their final recording.   <br />What makes the album so strong is its ability to showcase a little bit of everything that they were: wannabe 1950's rockers, playful free spirits, serious peace advocates, ex-members of Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band, orchestral dabblers, and Knights of the British Empire.    It's as if, knowing this would be their last album, the boys made a greatest hits album without using old material.  <br />None of this is to say that the work is devoid of its own identity.  It clearly moves the Beatles' artistic explorations forward, especially allowing them to push the then-boundaries of studio artistry.  They play harder with electronic effects here than elsewhere, and are rewarded by stunning tracks.<br />Yet what really makes ABBEY ROAD unique is that it's the one album that gives each Beatle the chance to come to the fore and do what they do best.  This is, after all, the album that gives us George Harrison's first A-side single (\\"Something\\"), showcases Ringo's playful, pseudo-country side (\\"Octopus Garden\\"), indulges Paul's 1950s crooner aspirations (\\"Oh Darling\\"), and lets John move away from pop to the serious rock that is \\"I Want You\\" and \\"Sun King\\", John's ironic response to Paul's \\"Here Comes the Sun\\".    <br />What ultimately shines through on this album, however, is its incredible unity.  Made ironic because this was their farewell, the boys here produce more music as a whole band of equals than on any other album.  Not only are George and Ringo given more to do vocally, their unmistakable guitar and drum playing dominate most of the tracks' scores.   Hearing the balanced work that is ABBEY ROAD, it's all the more tragic that this band of brothers couldn't have found a way to come together before.
B00004XOWM|5.0|in This album fred totally struck gold. Songs like My Generation and Rollin' just make u want to crank up the volume. These songs are so electrifing and u NEVER get bored of any of them. Any Punk Rock fans out there who are thinking about getting it, DO NOT WASTE ANY TIME!
6304614047|5.0|In the original conception of STAR TREK: THE NEXT GENERATION, Data was to have been the Spock to Picard's Kirk.  Through his emotionless eyes we were to have gained a window back onto ourselves, and thereby found the show's human heart.  But when Denise Crosby somewhat unexpectedly quit the show, the as-yet unused character of Worf was given more to do.  Ultimately, Data became exactly the sort of charming emotional cripple he was meant to be, but it was really Worf who had the more compelling perspective on the human condition.<br />What made the Spock character work was not just that he was trying to understand the humanity, but that he was basically in opposition to it.  Data is almost boringly sycophantic by comparison.  He wants to be a human and so accepts humanity as his uncritiqued paradigm.  Worf, by contrast, is in search of his Klingon-ness (having been raised on Earth) and struggles, like Spock, to balance his human legacy against his non-human nature.  Like Spock, his journey takes us through the unfamiliar culture of another race, but it never fails to comment upon the nature of humanity, if largely by contrast.<br />To be sure, more of Worf's character would be played out on DEEP SPACE NINE than here, but most of what's at the Lt. Commander's core is found in this boxed set.  The four episodes on offer here take us through the major story arc that brought Worf to light.  Comprised of \\"Sins of the Father\\", \\"Reunion\\" and the two-parter \\"Redemption\\", the RETURN TO GRACE package chronicles the history of Worf's sometimes bitter relationship with the Klingon homeworld, and how he and his brother ultimately play the role of kingmaker in a bloody civil war.  Along the way, we are given a kind of sequel to the justifiably popular \\"Yesterday's Enterprise\\".  \\"Redemption\\", in fact, is important to the series not just for its further revelation of Worf's character, but also because it gives Denise Crosby a clever way back into the series.  In fact, \\"Redemption\\" is an absolutely indispensible episode, because its plot would continue to be referenced in the Star Trek universe as late as the last season of DS9.<br />While I don't think that this boxed set can be seen as the definitive collection of Worf's best episodes, it would be hard to really understand him without going here first.  Worf would make more contributions to the Star Trek universe with his future relationship to his son, his romantic involvement with Deanna Troi and the various Dax characters, and with his general quest to bring order to Klingon society in the wake of the crippling destruction of the Klingon moon depicted in STAR TREK VI.  But this is the storyline that assured Michael Dorn the opportunity to appear in more episodes of Star Trek than any other actor.edemption\\" is an absolutely indispensible episode, because its plot would continue to be referenced in the Star Trek universe as late as the last season of DS9.<br />While I don't think that this boxed set can be seen as the definitive collection of Worf's best episodes, it would be hard to really understand him without going here first.   Worf would make more contributions to the Star Trek universe with his future relationship to his son, his romantic involvement with Deanna Troi and the various Dax characters, and with his general quest to bring order to Klingon society in the wake of the crippling destruction of the Klingon moon depicted in STAR TREK VI.  But this is the storyline that assured Michael Dorn the opportunity to appear in more episodes of Star Trek than any other actor.
1572701099|5.0|Let me first say I loved these stories in their traditional bookbound medium. Now let me say that I loved them even more with the fantastic Martin Jarvis at the mic, steering them as I've never heard any other reader steer a story. Jarvis' magic came from the fact that everything about his performance, from the voices, to the perfectly timed pauses, was just as I had imagined  it in my own bean over the course of many readings. It's terribly hard to read a great book and then to subsequently have it torn apart by a horrific reading- not so with this Martin Jarvis, I tell you. If you've never had the pleasure of reading Wodehouse and are going to start your explorations via audio, then start with this collection. Someone bring this man more Wodehouse!
B00004ZAV3|4.0|Although this collection has some great songs, it leave's out all of John Lennon's masterpiece's.Song's that changed the face of music.Where in the hell is STRAWBERRY FIELD&quot;S or I AM THE WALRUS or A DAY IN THE LIFE or REVOLUTION or LUCY IN THE SKY WITH DIAMONDS or NORWEGIAN WOOD or NOWHERE MAN or YOU'VE GOT TO HIDE YOUR LOVE AWAY or DEAR PRUDENCE or ACROSS THE UNIVERSE or DON'T LET ME DOWN, ETC. ? Without these songs it is only half the Beatles(The Beat)
0804106304|5.0|I never really took this book for more than what was written until we started study it for English Lit.  It's amazing!  It was already good when I read it, but after studying the stories and the way Amy Tan writes, I keep finding new things to look out for.  There are symbols and deeper meanings all over the place and everything's just so amazing.  You really have to look out for things, and when you find things, there is even more to read.  I can read this over and over again without getting sick of it!
B00004Y3CS|2.0|Fans who are already familiar with Black Sabbath's work are probably wondering if it is worthwhile to shell out the extra money for the limited edition of this album.  The limited edition is the same as the Castle Remasters, except an attempt is made to replicate look and feel of the original album.  Unfortunately, that is all there is.  There are no extra liner notes, lyrics, artwork, etc. which come with the circa '96 Castle remasters.  Also, the packaging is not very sturdy and there is an annoying amount of adhesive on the flap of the plastic dust cover.  If you are collector, you are not going to want to play this album often in light of the wear and tear that will inevitably come.  This is truly for the diehard completist, but a casual fan should stick with the normal Castle import catalog.
B000002UAU|5.0|While there is no doubt that The Beatles began to mature beyond the moptops and the Italian suits when they recorded &quot;Rubber Soul&quot; and &quot;Revolver&quot;, there is no doubt that &quot;Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band&quot; was the end result of their new maturity as rock artists. Like the album booklet says, the 129 days it took to record the 13 songs on this album were probably the most creative in the history of rock and roll.<br />The Beatles were already ahead of their time in the fact that they were some of the first artists to write their own songs, play their own instruments, sing and be involved in the production process. Their incredible talent, creativity and experience showed in this album. The opening guitar riff sets the mood immediately, and &quot;With A Little Help From My Friends&quot; was made for Ringo, and despite the warning at the beginning of the song, he manages to sing perfectly in key. Following Ringo's performance is John Lennon's distant voice in the wonderfully trippy &quot;Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds&quot;, which is reminiscent of what could arguably be John's best song while he was with The Beatles, &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot;, which was originally intended for this album. Paul is up to bat next, explaining his maturation from an angry young man with his head in the sand in &quot;Getting Better&quot; (now familiar to many as the song from the Phillips-Magnavox commercials), to an absent-minded man &quot;Fixing A Hole&quot;, and finally with John chiming in at just the right spots in the poignant string ballad &quot;She's Leaving Home&quot;. John follows Paul with the carnival like &quot;Being For The Benefit Of Mr. Kite&quot;, where the background music makes one imagine seeing Mr. K challenging the world at Bishopsgate. George's lone contribution, &quot;Within You Without You&quot; is the next song, and though George received some grief for it, it is one of the strongest songs on the album. In this song onecan hear George's maturation as a songwriter, and his continuing study of Eastern philosophy which eventually led to the famous trip to India. Paul returns on the next track, offering the wonderfully silly &quot;When I'm Sixty-Four&quot;. Though lyrically simple, it is one of the best known songs from the album, and the producing tricks that made Paul sound like a younger lad were perfect. Paul continues with &quot;Lovely Rita&quot;, offering an absolutely perfect piano solo in the middle. But in the end, John brings it all home, beginning with &quot;Good Morning Good Morning&quot;, which melded several production tricks and was just a precursor to the final crescendo that became known as &quot;A Day In The Life&quot;. In the finale, John, with a little help from his friend Paul, went where no one else had gone before, relating some headlines he had seen in the newspapers. This was one of the first Beatle songs to deal with issues in the world abroad. And the :30 second silence followed by the Beatle gibberish cut and pasted together at the end was the perfect end to a devastating album.<br />The album was light years ahead of its time, and the production tricks that The Beatles used in late 1966 and early 1967 are still emulated today. Though this &quot;concept&quot; album was originally Paul's baby, the other three made their presence felt. It was truly a team effort, and it's sad to know that although The Beatles stayed together for another three years, the strains that led to the eventual breakup began after this recording. The Beatles went on to solidify their legend in their following albums, but it was the act we've known for all these years that started a musical revolution and sealed their place as the most innovative, creative and greatest band in the history of rock and roll.
078401213X|1.0|This film is so terrible that I couldn't even GIVE my ill-gotten copy to the DVD rental place. Do not believe the good reviews. If you do, you'll be sorry.
0385121679|5.0|This bok was realy cool. I read it for a book report in 7th grade after seeing the movie and it scared the hell out of me. I recomend it to any one in the mood for fear.
B00004TJK2|5.0|I have never been so blown away by any film's ending as I was by this one.  It's worth it to sit through hours of the most gorgeous underwater cinematography (I've) ever seen just to get to the conclusion. I have seen a lot of visually stunning movies in my pursuit of an engrossing experience but this tops them all.  Regardless of your opinion of the caliber of some of Luc Besson's other efforts (5th Element comes to mind) you really should at least rent this movie.  It's a shame that most video stores that stock it do not stock the Director's Cut.   It is the story of a man, a free-diver by trade, obsessed by dolphons.  Allusions are made throughout to his supernatural connection to this special mammal.  Rosanna Arquette falls in love with him and watches his attachment to the sea and the dolphins in it grow until it threatens to consume their relationship.
0399146253|1.0|The Last Precinct is simply a rehash of her previous book, Black Notice. The current plot centers on the serial killer in her last, but rather than continue with the plot  it remains stagnant. Again a character is introduced within the last 60 pages or so of the book who could not be anticipated, thereby leaving the reader frustrated. The protagonist, Kay Scarpetta, is at her darkest and leaves the reader unsympathetic towards her even though the circumstances call for such.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Simply put Gladiator is the best dvd release on the market today.  The movie promises much, and it delivers.  I recommend also that you watch this movie in conjunction with Spartacus. I believe that you will get maximum enjoyment from these two films, and the extra features on the Gladiator Dvd.
B0000020C4|4.0|This recording of Les Miserables was recoreded at Royal Albert Hall on the 10th anniversary of the London Cast. It features must have performances from Les Miz veterans.  Colm Wilkinson, the original London and Broadway Valjean, is really great here. Philip Quast's portrayal of Javert is the definitive one and does a great job here also.  Other originals include Michael Ball from the Original London Cast and Judy Juhn from the Original Broadway Cast as Marius and Cosette, and both are terrific.  Lea Salonga, the origial London and Broadway Kim in Miss Saigon, is Eponine and her performance is one of the best I've heard. Her performance of &quot;On My Own&quot; is one of the best. Ruthie Henshall is a superb Fantine and sounds like she was made for this role.  Michael Maguire is Enjolras from the Original Broadway Cast and does a good job, although I personally like Anthony Warlow from the Complete Symphonic Recording (who was unavailable for this concert.) The Thenardiers are played by Alun Armstrong (from original London Cast) and Jenny Galloway. I love Jenny Galloway's Mme. Thenardier, but Alun Armstrong is not my favorite, although he does a good job here. The children playing Gavroche and young Cosette are good, but their English Accents are a bit much for this American. This Stellar Cast is accompanied by a chorus of 250 members, making scenes like &quot;One Day More&quot; and the final scene very powerful and is great to listen to. They are accompanied by a large orchestra of about 70 members.  The quality of the orchestra is not perfect on this recording (hard to do when recording live like this) but does not take away from the show hardly at all. All things considered, this is an essential recording to add to any Les Miserables collection. It has to be one of the most fully emotional recordings there are.
B000002KAT|5.0|Van Morrison was known to American audiences at the time of the release of Astral Weeks for his bouncy top ten hit &quot;Brown Eyed Girl&quot;.  He was also known for his blues/R&amp;B influenced work with Them, producing such garage rock classics like &quot;Gloria&quot; &amp; &quot;Here Come The Night&quot;.  Astral Weeks sounded nothing like he had ever done before.  Jazzy in nature, the album contained no two &amp; a half minute songs that could be played by anybody with a six-string, but soft melodies with orchestration.  &quot;Sweet Thing&quot; is a quiet declaration of love, while &quot;The Way Young Lovers Do&quot; contains a gypsy sound with blaring horns.  &quot;Cyprus Avenue&quot; &amp; &quot;Madame George&quot; are lengthy pieces that showed Mr. Morrison's impressive songwriting and singing skills.  Astral Weeks bombed on the charts, but it showed that Van Morrison was a talent to be reckoned with.
0152023984|1.0|I was excited that a new translation of this lovely book was out... until I read it. This translation has eliminated most of the poetry of language that made Katherine Wood translation of Saint-Exupery's book a classic in the first place. This includes a translator's note that sounds exceedingly pompous once you have read this new translation. I would not stock this book in my library, give it as a gift, or even donate it. What a disappointment!<br />In contrast, the Katherine Woods translation of this book is one of the finest books to ever come my way. In beautiful, spare poetry, she relays Saint-Exupery's lessons about life, teaching us that &quot;what is essential is invisible to the eyes.&quot;
B0000024Z7|4.0|John Coltrane and Miles Davis were huge influences on Carlos Santana and on Caravanserai he moves away from the Latin influenced sounds of his first three albums and moves into a jazzier sound.  He also is an extremely spiritual man and Caravanserai has a spiritual tone as evidenced by titles like &quot;Eternal Caravan of Reincarnation&quot;, &quot;Song Of The Wind&quot; and &quot;Waves Within&quot;.  The album is very experimental in nature and doesn't contain the tight jams of the first three albums, it's more free flowing.  It is a departure from the &quot;Santana&quot; sound but it shows a great deal of artistry.  The band was really gelling at this point and that familiarity allowed the latitude to go off on different tangents throughout the record.  Unfortunately, this was also the last album that Gregg Rollie and Neal Schon appeared on.  They left the group to form Journey.  It would have been nice to see where the group could have gone if they had stayed.  After this record, Mr. Santana really got into more hardcore jazz by recording albums and touring with Buddy Miles &amp; John McLaughlin.
B00003W8NM|5.0|it rocks! everything! the external box visual , booklet,everything, and of course the movie! one of the bests ever really, should be in that movie of the century competition thing, if have not saw it yet, do it, its amazingly directed acted and written ,  the story is very  good , very very very good actually i definetly recomend this flick , worried bout the violence close ur eyes at the most violent parts, but dont miss this cause of it.<br />TS TS@yada-yada.com
B000003N7K|5.0|John Coltrane is one of the most inventive and innovative jazz musicians of all time, but he very well may be at his best with his work on these six simple ballads.  By employing Johnny Hartman as the vocalist, Mr. Coltrane's tenor sax perfectly meshes with Mr. Hartman's deep, rich baritone voice.  Mr. Hartman's voice is so sweet and mellow it practically drips out of your speakers. The songs are all arranged in a simple and understated manor and that adds to their elegance.  Mr. Coltrane plays in smooth yet forceful tones that turn simple riffs into majestic sounds.  McCoy Tyner provides the backbone of the album with his piano playing.  He fills the holes with pretty tinkling of the ivories.  The band is at their peak on the opening track &quot;They Say It's Wonderful&quot; that opens with a 2 minute solo by Mr. Coltrane and then drops Mr. Hartman's silky dulcitones on you.  It doesn't get any more romantic than right here.
0316777722|1.0|Read the reviews. Bought a copy.  What a stupid book. Terribly disappointing. I don't agree that Sedaris's humor is &quot;dark.&quot; It's nonexistent. Clever? Witty? Nah! Who in their right mind would want to read an essay about someone's disgusting trip to the bathroom?  Well, I do know one fellow..
B000002AH1|5.0|Live-Evil is one of the deepest and darkest albums Miles Davis (or anyone else) has recorded.  Recorded either live in the studio or on stage at the Cellar Door in Washington, D.C., Mr. Davis and his band are in a wicked state of mind. The title is a palindrome and the song titles &quot;Selim&quot; and &quot;Savid&quot; are Miles Davis backwards.  That is appropriate as Mr. Davis turns his fusion work inside out.  Mr. Davis gets underneath the grooves and turns them inside out, exposing their underbelly.  &quot;What I Say&quot; is a great example of him mining for sounds undreneath the surface.  A truly complex and ambitious piece of work that you will find yourself putting on and on again.
B000021Y77|5.0|&quot;Run, Lola, Run,&quot; starring Franka Potente as the flaming redhead Lola, is guaranteed classic cult film status for years to come. Lola lights up the screen in this German film which features creative cinematography and near-perfect editing, combining cinema verit and animation. Tom Tykwer shows brilliance as the film's director; his use of close-ups of these not-perfect faces is exceptional. &quot;Lola&quot; is a film that one can enjoy watching over and over again, so it is a worthwhile addition to a DVD collection. As someone who primarily enjoys classical music and opera, I was thrilled by the techno-trance music of the film's soundtrack. I recommend that viewers watch this film in the German version, with the English subtitles, because it is very easy to understand the film this way and adds to its authenticity.  And it only gets better.  The movie is told in three segments, each with different aspects and outcomes.  Overall, this is definitely one of those films that gets better each time you watch it, a totally original, undiscovered treasure.
B00004XONN|4.0|WOW! This is a great Joy Division album. Nothing new here that hasn't been done over the past 25 years by various other artists. Still an enjoyable album, although it is in no way groundbreaking as some people claim.
068484267X|5.0|I chose a couple od different quote from this book that expresses what this family had to go through.   &quot;People everywhere brag and whimper about the woes of their early years, but nothing can compare with the Irish version: the poverty; the shiftless loquacios alcholic father; the pious defeated mother moaning by the fire; pompous priests; bulling school masters; the English and the terrible things they did to us for eight hundred long years...above all we were wet.&quot;  This is one of the basic yet dredful things that the McCourt family had to deal with.  Even though it is the time of the deppresion, the McCourt family is having a hard time having barely enough money to starve.  With four small boys and one daughter dead it still wasn't enought for six people to live off of.    &quot;There are seven masters in Leamy's National School and they all have leather straps, canes, black thron sticks...&quot;  When the McCourts moved back to Ireland after living in NewYork for five years, they had two more tragic things happen to them. Also the two oldest boys got put in to a school.  Where it was common to be hit with black thorn sticks, daily, it was ssaid to make boys into refined men.  &quot;It's hard to sleep when you know the next day you're fourteen and staring your first job as a man.&quot;  At this point Frankie has to get a job because his borther, Malachyis too young and his father is no help.  This is the time where this book gets heavier and every page, every sentence, every word has you at the edge of your seat, not knowing what will come next.  This is why I sugguest to anyone who needs someone else to feel sorry for or for something that will make them reailze how easy our lives now are. Well then I say read this book you will absoulty love it.
B00003CWL6|1.0|Let me start by saying that I am a movie freak.  I can respect any sort of genre, from slapstick to gore.  Cary Grant to Chris Tucker.  Just for the record, none of the &quot;content&quot; of this movie swayed me from my opinion of the production - although a valid argument can be made about Hollywood morals.  What disturbed me was a script and cinematography finding inspiration in other previous works of material.  Then it tries to be all things to all people.  Now granted, if you would rather eat Ben &amp; Jerry's cookie dough - vanilla malt - pretzel ice cream instead of cookies, a malt, and pretzels on their own, then perhaps this cinematic &quot;fusion&quot; of a movie is worth viewing. But if you are a tough one to please, this will be a frustrating excercise.  If you are still torn, read on.<br />The following highlights examples of &quot;inspirations&quot; for this movie that I had to distill from many more. AB seems to be inspired in the macro sense by &quot;Lolita&quot; and &quot;Death of a Salesman,&quot; both timeless classics.  To say AB is a copy of either is untrue and I can appreciate that. The movie has a feel in the way the characters interact that seems inspired by &quot;Heathers.&quot;  The portrayal of people in a miserable state with all the cheery background props (perfect house, happy music, etc.) in an upbeat tone seems copied.  Also with the similarity of a &quot;dark&quot; teenager (this is getting rather cliche' folks, for about 30 years).  See the movie &quot;Pump up the Volume&quot; and tell me that the character protrayed by Slater in that movie does not directly relate to the freaky neighbor - his media for communicating is different - video compared to audio.  Even the romantic interlude is exactly the same, she undressed for him at a distance, offering herself up (the casting is eerily similar - Mathis fans take note).  On the cinematography front the overhead pan of the rooms at the end is right out of &quot;Snake Eyes&quot; or &quot;Bound&quot; and the repetitive shot sequences during sex scenes (which are popular of late) straight from &quot;Out of Sight&quot;. The video clip with the bag that everyone raves about - this is inspired by countless movies of what is beautiful to people.  Even in the simplest of movies, such as &quot;City Slickers&quot; there was a scene like this with Jack Palance describing the smile of a woman as eternal bliss (in a far better delivery by the way).  Also, many may recall the De Niro metamorphosis in &quot;Taxi Driver&quot; with the working out scenes. The transition from ordinary to rebel is pretty obvious and seems to be copied.<br />There are other technical issues on the social front that I question.  The daughter and her friend are so implausible.  You have this anarchist girl who hates what appears to be her best friend, Mrs. Popular - this would not be the case.  Mrs. Popular would be with Johnny Football Star were it not for (don't laugh) Kevin Spacey?  So is that what binds their friendship?  Hollywood also assumes that most popular high schoolers are mean spirited.  Especially when they drive BMWs.  <br />The movie tried to get me to care about the suspense of the ending, but it could have been changed in the last minutes of the film.  Was it the wife? The neighbor?  Who cares?  I am certain that the producers test marketed this movie with all three endings.  This trend, by the way, makes me feel cheated out of a serious production.  <br />The ending narrative was supposed to inspire the seriousness of the movie, we see beauty in everything.  But perhaps more of a struggle with the Spacey character seeing things and highlighting them for observation and being shot down by his wife or employer would have made for more learning experiences.  But to reach this happiness at the last day of his life seems unlikely, where were the steps to getting there - where did he learn?  I didn't see where he learned anything other than to revert to his teenage form.How does that lead to self actualization?  You got me. Ask the dark teenager cliche' next door.  Maybe the bag or dead bird will give him an answer.<br />One final word.  Is it just my imagination, or is Kevin Spacey trying too hard?  The lesser known &quot;Swimming With Sharks&quot; was one of his best performances, then the &quot;Usual Suspects&quot; was a pretty good (not as great) performance and then he peaks with &quot;Se7en&quot; or &quot;L.A. Confidential&quot; and then starts sliding with &quot;Negotiator&quot; to this edgy character in &quot;American Beauty.&quot;  It was if his character goes from NoDoz to Nytol from one scene to the next (but ends the movie in Prozac, I suppose).  And then his &quot;Big Kahuna&quot; is just plain over-acting.  He is talented, but needs to be diluted on the screen.  As for the Academy, I suppose it speaks to how poor the movies were in 1999 when they gave this their best.  Perhaps movie goers are fed up - box office receipts are trending lower of late.  Perhaps an AB2 script is secretly being drafted in the background to boost receipts.  After this movie, nothing could be tasteless.
068484267X|4.0|I enjoyed reading this book because it was a good example of growing up. McCourt does a good job of using a child-like voice and then transitioning as his character approaches adolescence. Even though his story was depressing at times, he has a way of keeping interest up through his clever and at times, sarcastic style. I also like how he used food as a motif to represent what kind of poverty he was experiencing. While I was reading it, I felt the hunger that he was describing with great detail. Overall, this book was a real view on a normal person's experiences of growing up and living with poverty.
B00004XONN|4.0|I didn't like it when I first listened it, but I liked it after listening it more times. I believe you'll be the same.
B00004W56S|5.0|I purchased the record 18, 20 years ago? and have searched to get this!  At first I thought the lower base riffs were damaged in the record... boy, was I surprised.<br />It has always bothered me that after Then There Were Three, Genesis became the Phil Collins show.  No insult to him, but the art/rock that they were with Gabriel, Hackett and Philips is sorely missed.<br />This album is great to listen to, not a weak track among them.  It reminds me of Selling England by the pound more than anything, but still builds on that.  This album is definitely in the top 3 or 4 solo works by Genesis Alumni.  And yes, I rank It's a Curious Feeling right up there too...
B00003CXDG|1.0|It's amazing how a good concept can turn out so ugly in this movie.  After watching the movie I looked to my wife to ask her a question but she was already asleep.  Why would you spend so much on special effects and make a movie that plot wise would compare to Bill and Ted's Excellent adventure only worse.
0446364495|5.0|This is a great book I have memorised a lot of the sentences! Only people with a life,those who have lived in little towns or women who have had a very restricted life can really appreciate this. Not the same as the movie!!!
B00003XACV|5.0|Thomas Newman is, by far, my favorite composer, working on such movies as &quot;The Shawshank Redemption,&quot; &quot;The Green Mile,&quot; &quot;Whispers in the Dark,&quot; and &quot;Meet Joe Black.&quot; But his work on &quot;American Beauty&quot; is definitely his best. I listen to this CD all the time, and now I've got my friends hooked on it. Listen to it in the dark, jam to it in your car, or make out with your girlfriend to it as background music. There are tracks for every occasion, and that's what makes it one of the most perfect CDs ever. Buy it and you won't regret it.
0385474547|5.0|Things Fall Apart is a great book! Achebe got the name for his novel from W.B. Yeats's poem, The Second Coming. It is a story of a mans life in Africa when the British are trying to colonize the area. I didn't really read to many books until I read this and it has really turned me on to reading because it was such a good story. I recommend it to anyone and all ages because it is so easy to read and enjoy.
0811826848|5.0|The Beatle's Anthology is much more than another peek at the Fab Four.Turning as I almost always do from back to front, I stopped first to see what was shared In 1964. The pictures accurately portray a time of innocence in America captured by the happy and fresh &quot;look&quot; of these four young and extremely high energized young men. All  teenage girls adored the Beatle's because they were so cute but I believe their energy is what actually captured our attention. The pictures through-out the anthology portray not only the Beatles but showcase the mood that was prevalent,as well. The feelings are totally captured by the story each picture tells about not only the evolution of the Beatles spirituality and evolution of their consciousness but the feelings that were felt not only in this country but around the world at the time, and so this is also a book that unintentionally chronicles the pulse of America, as well. (I was going to rate it a four because I would have rather had a collection of smaller books but since it also tells another story it warrants its massive bulk and is definitely a coffee table book.)It surprised me to feel and see this as I looked at the book the first time, it really was amazing and you can see by the pictures how young and fresh the Beatles looked and how their energy traveled around the world, and the pages remembering this time showed the Beatles totally happy and the energy level in the country was extremely high and they were the personification of that time! And as the pictures change it is easy to remember each time by the changing somber and reflective moods as each year brought more serious issues to our awareness.But 1964 was my year for experiencing the Beatle's and that is what I would like to share...definitely a fun year! So  I was thinking about the Beatles, because I have been hearing and reading about them recently, and stepped back in my memory to 1964, when the Beatles music made its way to our high school, in a small town in the California desert, and how the music was part of our daily reality. We all ate lunch outside by the football field, and there was a little ticket booth that we used for a music shack during lunch each day, and we played the Beatles everyday at lunchtime. My girlfriends and I worked at the Fox and Crest theaters and all of the Beatle movies were playing and we thought all of the Beatles were so cute. My boyfriend at the time became my husband and he hated the Beatles because he had to watch their movies every night when he came to pick me up after work! They had so much energy and were so cute and had such wit that they amused us. We loved the Beatles and thought Paul was so cute, and John was so deep, and George was so quiet, and Ringo always amused us with his wit. Enjoying the fun memories of a time of innocence when just like the teenagers in &quot;American Graffiti&quot; we all dragged main street then through the Fosters Freeze parking lot in a loop thru Bakers then back over to Fosters Freeze over and over seeing who was out and especially to make sure we were seen! My boyfriend let me drive his baby blue 1960 Dodge with the huge fins in back, and it had push buttons so I thought it was great, and I found out later the reason he trusted me with his car was because he wanted to make sure other guys knew I was his girlfriend! Which scored huge points with me as a result of his caring enough about me to do something so romantic! Fun memories and I see I have a Rubber Soul album with the price still on it... the price $3.96.
B00003CXA6|4.0|Let me get this out first: I'm thankful &quot;Gettysburg&quot; has finally made its way onto DVD. Still the awe-inspiring film that I remember, the digital and audio transfer seems to be even better than the laser disc version. But the features could have been so much more....and that is a lingering issue for me. <br />My main problem is the commentary: Ron Maxwell and his director of photography Kees Van Oostrum take a big back seat to two (that's right, two) distinguished historians. I'm sorry, but whoever's going to purchase this DVD is probably not going to need cliff notes from two history tutors on why the Civil War was fought and what General So-and-So's motives were. If I wanted that, I would read a book (and Mr. MacPherson is kind enough to suggest his own work at one point). I was genuinely looking forward to hearing what Maxwell and Van Oostrum would have to say about various sequences and dialogues. Unfortunately, the producers of the DVD have opted to delagate most of the talking time to our scholars (it seems the four gentlemen featured on the commentary track were recorded at seperate times). I just don't get how this opportunity was fumbled. <br />But enough whining. The theatrical trailers and TV spots were fun, and I especially enjoyed the &quot;on location&quot; feature. The two documentaries are also true bonuses. As for the maps and interview galleries? Perhaps an isolated score and some of the deleted scenes from the laser disc would have been vastly more appreciated. It probably would sold more copies, too. Come to think of it, if there was EVER a DVD to deserve an isolated score and deleted scene feature, this would have been it. But alas, what's done is done...still a terrific film.
B00003CXA6|4.0|After wearing out 2 VHS copies of Gettysburg, this DVD is a joy. Despite the fact that it is Digital 5.0 (no LFE channel), the sound field is good. The widescreen image is very good with only a few digital artifacts. While the film, like the book, touches mainly on the high points of the battle, those points are depicted fairly accurately. While 19th century warfare is difficult to imagine let alone depict, the film does an excellent job of showing the confusion and carnage without a lot of gore. Its very difficult to watch the 20th Maine stand on Little Round Top and not get goosebumps. The acting in this film is outstanding, the actors all seem to realize the power of the material they are given and Gettysburg has the ability to suspend time and draw the viewer into the film. One thing I love is that many scenes are put together like Mort Kunstler paintings giving the movie a classic look and feel. I do miss the Low Frequency Effects channel (and thus only giving 4 stars) Without it, Alexanders cannonade of the Union center is very good. With it, the cannonade would have been awesome and guaranteed complaints from the neighbors. Any Civil War buff should love this film and anyone who likes high drama, fine acting and dramatic visuals will love Gettysburg
B00004XQ83|5.0|No wonder I've enjoyed the Coen Brother's movies so much.  We've been listening to the same tunes.  Could it be that we've grown weary of the homogenized pablum that passes as popular music these days?  Maybe not, but one can hope.  If you enjoy this soundtrack, do yourself a favor and dig deeper into our musical heritage.  Pick up Harry Smith's Anthology of American Folk Music or any of the Yazoo compilations.  It'll do your soul good.  This is one truly exciting soundtrack.
B00004Z400|5.0|This album is the most sensitive piece of art I've ever heard in this BIG marketing country called USA. I still dont know why people trend to put this band, whith SUCH an album in the &quot;nu metal&quot; category. This is not AT ALL nu metal, this album is all about them, all about Chino (singer) all about theyre personal matters and concerns. Its an album made by them, for them. Dont buy this album if you are looking for the new Korn'ish sound and stupid lyrics. This is a UNIQUE piece of art, and Im not even going to go into they're live shows.....ooohh my god what a trip to reallity. Deftones over the years have created a unique style which NO BAND EVER could generate. The aura that lives in this cd is such beautifull as it if powerfull and full of emotions. If you are looking for some really good music and some deep feeling experience, this is it. No mainstreem here, no catchy-guitar riffs and no up-and-down choruse's This is BY FAR the album of the year.
0140177396|5.0|Imagine lying in the grass with your head facing the stars, a stream trickling by. You can hear the stream seem to lull you in, and you feel the pleasures of a hot, crackling fire, being managed by someone else. Sounds perfect, right? Well, for George, in John Steinbeck's Of Mice and Men, it is anything but perfect. George is taking care of a man named Lennie, who is mentally ill, and dangerous at that. After grabbing a girl and not letting go, Lennie, under George's strict supervision, is helped to flee. They find a job at a farm in the country, and things are going well- at least, that's how it seems. This book combines distinguished writing with a remarkable plot, summing up to a great, touching ending.<br />At the beginning of each chapter Steinbeck describes the setting of the chapter. This technique is fine for some, but bad for others. This style forces the reader who isn't interested yet to read about the place that is being described. If Steinbeck waited a while to explain these things, readers would really be interested in what they were reading (whereas in the beginning of the chapter this isn't so). However, some people disagree and like to have lots of description so they know exactly what they're reading about. A perfect example is the beginning of the second chapter. After explaining the setting of this room in great detail, Steinbeck pauses. Then he goes on to say, &quot;The door opened and a tall, stoop-shouldered old man came in. He was dressed in blue jeans and he carried a big push-broom in his left hand. Behind him came George, and behind George, Lennie.&quot;<br />But after the beginning of each chapter, description dwindles to a perfect amount. The book really flows with dialogue and description combined. The dialogue is used in such a critical way, and Steinbeck really took advantage of the fact that he could express whatever he wanted through dialogue. This writing style also makes the readers able to suspect things, rather than to be told things. Readers are left to figure it out for themselves, making it more believable as well. At the end of the book, it is hard to understand what is happening until you read the dialogue that followed the action. This was a great aspect of the book.<br />Another clever thing Steinbeck established in the beginning of the book was a theme of a farm with rabbits, in which George and Lennie are to live off the fatta the lan'. It is shown very clearly (also through dialogue) that this is Lennie's dream, what he lives for. It also gives the reader hope, which makes people want to continue reading- they want to find out if this dream or wish ever happens. It is a sign of a good author that he can convey emotions so strongly. One of the most touching books, Of Mice and Men stands out. Steinbeck was gutsy in his choices as a writer, and because of that, the ending doesn't make the reader necessarily feel sad, the reader feels moved. Something Steinbeck does a good job of is making readers change their mind so many times about what they think of Lennie, and if they feel sorry for George, admire George, hope Lennie dies for George's sake... the list goes on.<br />This was one of the best classic novels. It is a good book to read if you're looking for something that can draw you in in a short time, and it is hard to put down once you start. Of Mice and Men is definitely a classic worth reading- and re-reading. It is amazing that Steinbeck was able to write this story with such a compellng writing style, gripping plot, and high level of emotion in so few pages.
B00004YYDI|5.0|Bottom line: If you have seen The Professional, you probably thought it was a great action-drama with some wierd unexplained plot twists! You were correct, and the reason is because they left out these 24 minutes!  The extra 24 minutes, gives meaning to Leon's lonely existance, and explains why Leon came to America in the first place. It also explains why Matilda (Natalie Portman) would think she can go take out the corrupt cops that killed her family after just one lesson on how to fire a rifle. The main reason all the footage was cut for American audiences is the continued resurfacing of Matilda's believed love for Leon.  If you heard/thought The Professional was good, you need to see this full version... 'CAUSE IT IS EVEN BETTER!!!
0140177396|5.0|Imagine lying in the grass with your head facing the stars, a stream trickling by. You can hear the stream seem to lull you in, and you feel the pleasures of a hot, crackling fire, being managed by someone else. Sounds perfect, right? Well, for George, in John Steinbeck's Of Mice and Men, it is anything but perfect. George is taking care of a man named Lennie, who is mentally ill, and dangerous at that. After grabbing a girl and not letting go, Lennie, under George's strict supervision, is helped to flee. They find a job at a farm in the country, and things are going well- at least, that's how it seems. This book combines distinguished writing with a remarkable plot, summing up to a great, touching ending.<br />At the beginning of each chapter Steinbeck describes the setting of the chapter. This technique is fine for some, but bad for others. This style forces the reader who isn't interested yet to read about the place that is being described. If Steinbeck waited a while to explain these things, readers would really be interested in what they were reading (whereas in the beginning of the chapter this isn't so). However, some people disagree and like to have lots of description so they know exactly what they're reading about. A perfect example is the beginning of the second chapter. After explaining the setting of this room in great detail, Steinbeck pauses. Then he goes on to say, &quot;The door opened and a tall, stoop-shouldered old man came in. He was dressed in blue jeans and he carried a big push-broom in his left hand. Behind him came George, and behind George, Lennie.&quot;<br />But after the beginning of each chapter, description dwindles to a perfect amount. The book really flows with dialogue and description combined. The dialogue is used in such a critical way, and Steinbeck really took advantage of the fact that he could express whatever he wanted through dialogue. This writing style also makes the readers able to suspect things, rather than to be told things. Readers are left to figure it out for themselves, making it more believable as well. At the end of the book, it is hard to understand what is happening until you read the dialogue that followed the action. This was a great aspect of the book.<br />Another clever thing Steinbeck established in the beginning of the book was a theme of a farm with rabbits, in which George and Lennie are to live off the fatta the lan'. It is shown very clearly (also through dialogue) that this is Lennie's dream, what he lives for. It also gives the reader hope, which makes people want to continue reading- they want to find out if this dream or wish ever happens. It is a sign of a good author that he can convey emotions so strongly. One of the most touching books, Of Mice and Men stands out. Steinbeck was gutsy in his choices as a writer, and because of that, the ending doesn't make the reader necessarily feel sad, the reader feels moved. Something Steinbeck does a good job of is making readers change their mind so many times about what they think of Lennie, and if they feel sorry for George, admire George, hope Lennie dies for George's sake... the list goes on.<br />This was one of the best classic novels. It is a good book to read if you're looking for something that can draw you in in a short time, and it is hard to put down once you start. Of Mice and Men is definitely a classic worth reading- and re-reading. It is amazing that Steinbeck was able to write this story with such a compellng writing style, gripping plot, and high level of emotion in so few pages.
B00004XONN|3.0|I recently had a chance to hear an interview on French radio with Thom Yorke where he played a selection of records which he listened to in the interim between OK Computer and Kid A (including Faust's &quot;Jennifer&quot;, Charles Mingus, Gescom, and Squarepusher.)  And basically, if you melted all those records down (&quot;Jennifer&quot; in particular could be considered a blueprint for much of what Radiohead has done for the last half decade...and it's one song[!]) and added a bit of their established schtick, you'd have Kid A.  <br />Kid A, for all intents and purposes, is what huge rock and roll records have been about since Elvis: synthesizing more obscure and maligned forms of music (for Elvis it was the blues, for Radiohead it's weird electronics and psych) into a form more palatable for mass consumption (more pop,in other words.)  <br />There's nothing inherently wrong with this of course; it's merely a matter of where you prefer to get your musical kicks from.  Sometimes this synthesis can produce startling new forms, sounds, and experiences.  Sometimes you just get the sum of your parts (and a gangly, misshapen sum at that.)  Sometimes the &quot;purity&quot; of the sources in their original form can be a thousand times more interesting; sometimes they can be boring as hell (see most &quot;pure,&quot; &quot;abstract,&quot; or &quot;avant&quot; electronics; most any free jazz freakout post-1975.)<br />Kid A is a decent record, interesting in parts, dragging in others.  But that's about all.  In this case, the sources prove far more interesting than the resultant stew.  Rock and roll is basically a dead art, full of charlatans and necrophiliacs, an evolutionary cul de sac, which America clings to as its primary aesthetic export.  In the year 2000 (or 2001 at this point) trying to &quot;save it&quot; or &quot;reinvent it&quot; might prove far less interesting than looking beyond it completely.<br />For anyone interested in those sources, I suggest checking outthe following: Autechre's &quot;EP7&quot;; Faust's &quot;IV&quot;; Charles Mingus' &quot;The Black Saint and The Sinner Lady&quot;; Brian Eno's &quot;Another Green World&quot;; and Tortoise's &quot;TNT.&quot;
B000002HMH|5.0|Metallica hasn't sold out to their fans. They are still the same Metallica they were in 1986--- just in a new and more broad form. I enjoy Load. Songs like Outlaw Torn and Hero of the Day are truly beautiful. Buy this CD if you are all for good music and a new perspective of an 18 year old heavy metal band. <br />ps- master of puppets rulez!
B00004XONN|4.0|Well, there was me getting up on my soapbox about how I hate most Indie/Rock/Metal - then I went and listened to most of Pink Floyd's back catalogue. Ah well - Syd Barrett IS a genius, and Floyd aren't exactly Blink 182 (thank goodness - even Hendrix is more listenable than the likes of B182), but I digress. Kid A then... I was suprised, but incredibly pleased that Yorke and co. decided finally to do the only decent thing, and do something completely different. In a world where rediculously trite, boring, and over-re-doublehashed pop music (so-called \\"alternative rock\\" and \\"modern r&b\\" are the current worst offenders) is shoved down our throats every second of the day by certain large \\"record labels\\" - that quite frankly care more about their bulging wallets than they do the music - it comes as a very bloody big relief to see a band such as Radiohead realise that they were part of it, but no longer wanted to be. The lads have definitely been listening to Warp releases. Yes, including Aphex Twin! As any IDM/ELM fan in his or her right mind will tell you, Richard James has done much for the genre, as have Autechre, BOC, and most of the Warp lineup (though I'd argue that Bola's releases are just as essential if not moreso). I can only assume that Thom agreed and said \\"Yup, this is where we need to go\\" - because it certainly sounds like it. Forgetting the below-average Optimistic - an unnecessary and unwelcome flashback to the days of OKC - the whole thing comes across as one heck of a breath of fresh air after Radiohead's previous releases. Vocal and sample glitchery and twisted synth sounds regularly make appearances here - Treefingers is a nice Eno-ish piece of ambience, and the title track is an unusually blissed-out piece (considering which band this is coming from ;) with a music box melody that is... cute, if anything! Fans will either completely love it, absolutely hate it, or not be fussed by it. It should be said that there isn't too much here that most electronica fans haven't heard before, but Yorke puts an interesting spin on the style thanks largely to his vocals, an element rarely present in such music.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I've been living with this album for a year and a half and it still gets consistent play in my cd player. Every song evokes a mood and there is a strong unity throughout without it sounding like one big song. From the lush and hypnotic Here With Me (which, like a great scene of a movie, casts fragile human emotions against a backdrop of cinematic beauty) to the quiet, simple songs like Thankyou to the almost &quot;dancey&quot; euphoria of Take My Hand Dido grabs you and takes you on a ride. Whether you think the lyrics are &quot;cheesy&quot; or not probably depends on how cynical a person you are. Dido has a way of cutting thru all the layers and layers of metaphor that many artists hide behind and getting right to the truth of the emotion. Dido will be the first to admit that the lyrics for songs like Thankyou are a bit cheesy (and has done in concert) but it's the sincere delivery that makes it work. You believe without a doubt that she truly felt those emotions and wasn't just trying to make a frothy bit of fluff. In any case, I've never felt the lyrics to be trite and in many cases like with Here With Me, My Life, Isobel and Slide they are highly emotive without a hint of falseness. Be sure to check out her haunting Christmas song, Christmas Day from the Christmas Songs: The Nettwerk Christmas CD.
0767809246|5.0|Stand By Me is based on the Stephen King short story &quot;The Body&quot; Stand By Me is a movie that withstood the test of time- this is a movie about friendship and the innocence of curiosity. Rob Reiner did justice to the Stephen King short story here. This cannot be said of most movies based on books. Stand By Me will take you back to your childhood. You will feel good even after the movie is over!!
0446525537|4.0|Nicolas Sparks, the author of \\"A Walk to Remember\\", has written other books as genuine as this such as the well known, \\"The Notebook.\\"  I enjoy his books.  He seems to give the story just the right amount of reality and romance so that the person reading it will have trouble putting it down. \\"A Walk to Remember\\" is about a young man falling in love with the school \\"nerd.\\"  He falls in love with her because she had such a kind and giving heart.  Good morals are being set and shown in \\"A Walk to Remember.\\"  One example that comes to mind is a very important one and that  is \\"not to judge a book by looking at the cover.\\"  In other words, look for character in a person, not just their appearance.   The young man begins to spend time with the \\"nerd\\" and finds that even though she is shunned by the kids at school, she is loved deeply by all others she comes in contact with.  She especially is loved by the children at a nearby orphanage.  He comes to the point in their relationship that he sees she is very important to him and that she makes him be a better person when she is around. Shortly after that, he finds out she is very ill and he makes it his goal to fulfill her dreams. The ending is left up to the reader.  Stopping at a point in which your imagination is unleashed and anything is possible.  This book will fill your eyes with tears but your heart will abound with happiness.
B00004SCX6|1.0|I bought this CD because I liked Oops I did it agian. I really was ripped-off. The girl can't sing. The only reason she has lasted that long is because of her body. I wasted my money. So take my advice and don't make my same mistake.
B00003CX5P|2.0|This movie had everything: hype, stars,amazing special effects, all the crucial elements that hollywood blockbuster should have. Despite all these elements,&quot;phantom menace&quot; fails to live up to my expectation. Clumsy plot, bad acting, stupid dialogue, I actually fell asleep about half way throughout the movie but couldn't sleep any longer because I paid 9 bucks for it.  This movie is drenched with so many special effects, it's boring. Final climactic battle probably the most boring sequence in the entire movie.  I think George Lucas should not direct episode 2.
B000005RUV|5.0|This is the ultimative collection of the 80's best pop band (and for me the best pop band ever). It contains twelve of their hits, most of them made it to the top position in the british charts. Notable exceptions are 'Bad Boys' and 'Careless Whisper' (which is part of the 'Make it Big' album, but was as single a solo release by George).<br />If you enjoyed music from the '80s, buy this album. Now! :-)<br />If you enjoy pop/dance/fun music at all, give this album a try.<br />If you were a Wham! fan, you already own this album, right?<br />If you like George Michael, give this album a try, but remember, that George strives to become another Elton John (he bought his piano, remember?), whereas Wham! is more than a predecessor for todays boy bands like N'Sync etc (with the small difference that todays groups are made whereas Wham! made themselves).
B00004XPP0|5.0|This addition is a bit of a tease, its a nice collectors item.  However the Episode 2 footage is poor and doesnt give you anything we have not seen already.  I hate to say it, but its an easy way to make money.  If course I bought it for my collection. Star Wars is a great movie and the box is very nice too. Dont buy it if your expecting something new.
B00002DE2L|4.0|If you are looking for a different interpretation of Four Seasons, then here you are. It is romantic in nature and much more thick and heavy than most traditional versions. I had a library copy to listen to for a few weeks and in the end felt I was quite happy with Gil Shaham's beautiful and traditional interpretation, which may have been equaled but not surpassed by any that I have heard - everyone should listen to it.  While Mutter's playing is great as always, the overall feel of the music left me wanting - wanting to find my Shaham CD. If you are looking for your first Seasons CD and/or you are not real familiar with the piece, do not start here. This is more for the collector who is looking for another interpretation of this highly recorded work. The Trondheim Soloists do not add much to this music, perhaps to set the stage for Mutter's romantic styling. The sound is quite average for such a recent recording.
B000051VWW|4.0|but when you're on to a good thing, why change? Adherents of the shock-of-the-new school of career development will carp about &quot;coffee-table&quot; pop, but this dazzlingly produced groove-based recording does have an earthier quality than Sade's previous work. Old fans won't be disappointed; newcomers may be intrigued.
0679420355|5.0|At first I was forced to read &quot;The Mayor of Casterbridge&quot; in school more than 12 years ago.  Reading it slowly made an impact on my life.  This book always served a special purpose in my life. It introduced me to the wide world of Literature. It sort of enlighten my interest and liking for English literature. Now re-reading it not only brought back fond memories of my yester school days but also renewed my liking to one of the greatest writer of all time Thomas Hardy.<br />Through this novel I came to the understanding of Irony and oxymoron. Hardy totally wrote with a sense of awareness of human characteristic and he had a amazing style of mixed humour with tragedy.<br />His protagonist,Michael Henchard's life was under the microscope of Hardy.<br />I love the way the story began I quote:&quot;ONE evening of late summer, before the nineteenth century had reached one-third of its span, a young man and woman, the latter carrying a child, were approaching the large village of Weydon-Priors, in Upper Wessex, on foot. &quot; I love the Englishness and the sense of intriguing events that would follow...<br />In brief, Michael Henchard was a drunk who sold his wife and daughter at the fair. Later he realised his mistakes he work real hard and eventually became the mayor of Casterbridge. His life took another twist 20 years later when his wife and daughter came back to his life plus a few more other characters adding on the complexity of his life.Soonafter events unfolded and many things became to go against his way and then came his downfall. Indeed Michael Henchard's rise and fall were filled with compelling details and his encounters with numerous intestering people.<br />What I love most about this novel was the way Hardy depicted Henchard's behaviours and thoughts and totally enhanced his weak character and irresponsibleness with dashes of ironies. His sardonic literary style were brilliant and at the same time he also vividly described the scenery and situations. Another greatest of Hardy was his ability to create innovative characters still account for in modern contemporary days and he was a pioneer in analysising human's weakness and  blended it into his creation. It's a vintage classic,psychoanalytic and intriguingly written ,a must read for all books lover.tuations. Another greatest of Hardy was his ability to create innovative characters still account for in modern contemporary days and he was a pioneer in analysising human's weakness and  blended it into his creation. It's a vintage classic,psychoanalytic and intriguingly written ,a must read for all books lover.
B00004Z4WR|2.0|If you want to see lots of car chases this is not the movie.  The only cars really featured is a Porsche 911, a BMW 540i and the '67 Shelby Mustang.  Awfully disappointed.  I knew it got bad reviews by the professional critics so I wasn't expecting much in terms of character development.  The cars are suppose to be the real stars anyways.  But come on! There are only two real chase scenes and its at the beginning and at the end.  The Ferrari 355s, Lamborghini Diablos, the 'Cudas, and the Jaguars only make cameo appearances.  Its like the actors knew they had to returns them to the rental agency.  For a movie that cost millions of dollars to make they could have thrown them in.  For me, a real disppointment.
B00004U8P9|4.0|OK, let me just get this out of the way.  I love Rocky Horror Picture show.  But...I think they could have done a better job the DVD.  The scene selections menu is poorly designed and slow.  Also, the outtakes aren't anything to write home about.  The idea of including audience participation tracks was a great idea, but the execution left something to be desired.  First of all, it doesn't sound like a theater.  It sounds like they went to a theater, gathered up a bunch of people and then brought them into a sound studio where they had the movie playing on a TV.  If they really wanted to the audience participation experience, they could have actually filmed at a theater so you could see all the sight gags and the people acting on stage.<br />But hey, it's RHPS, so you really can't go wrong here if you don't already own a copy.  If you haven't seen RHPS before or have only seen it on TV, GO TO THE THEATER.
6305657939|5.0|My husband and I saw the movie at the theatre when it originally came out.  We later rented it and then bought the video.  Both of those versions were missing scenes from the movie we saw at the theatre.  Would like to have an uncut version.
0684853523|4.0|Let me begin by saying that a book about writing can be dangerous.  No two authors take the same approach, work at the same speed, cover the same material, or write with the same ends in mind.  In short, there is no correct way to write.  Having said that (a phrase which King professes to hate), there is a great deal of interesting material in this book.<br />In the first section of the book King gives us his &quot;Curriculum Vitae,&quot; a brief autobiography focussing on the events in his life which contributed to his career choice (he might argue that it was no choice at all).  In this section he also discusses his life as a writer.  This portion of the book is interesting and reads quickly.  It also goes a long way in illuminating King's thematic preferences.<br />In the second section King takes the reader's hand and walks him or her through a &quot;how to&quot; course.  Among other topics, King discusses vocabulary, grammer, dialogue, second drafts, and finding an agent. In this section, King lets his opinions fly.  Oftentimes I agree with him.  Sometimes I do not.  For example, he tells the reader not to use adverbs if at all possible.  That I agree with (and if you need to be convinced yourself, try reading the first 10 pages of Manhattan Transfer by John Dos Passos sometime).  He also says some terrific things about dialogue attribution.  On the other hand, he recommends a tremendous amount of output that few who are not named Stephen King could match.  He is also dead against outlining or plotting a novel.  For some writers that may be good advice, but others may need to outline, even if their story begins to diverge from the outline on page 20 (as an interesting side note, William Styron once told me that after extensively plotting &quot;Sophie's Choice&quot; and covering his walls with outlines and character sketches, he found the story taking on a life of it's own in the very first chapter... he then abandoned the preordained plot).  Still, King makes it very clear that his advice is just that.  Advice.  It worked for him, and maybe it will work for you too.  No matter how you write though, King does offer some very valuable advice (and it's difficult to argue with his success).<br />In the third and final section, King relates the story of his recent near-fatal car accident.  I found this section both harrowing and uplifting.  This portion of the book originally appeared in the New Yorker, and at the time I had passed the article around to everyone I know.  As usual, King describes this event as only he could (you really do feel as though you were on the side of the road watching it all happen), and in doing so he unintentionally proves the value of the advice he offers earlier.  If you take writing seriously, you could do worse than to read this book.  And even if you do not write but are just a typical Stephen King fanatic, you would enjoy this book for the insight it gives into his character and into his novels.
0451169514|4.0|I read this book when i was very young.  I loved it and read it over and over again.  Stephen Kings seems to combine every aspect of good writin in each of his books.  You'll always find sex, mystery, death, gore, and stick-to-it-ness in every book.<br />This one, takes the lives of kids in a small Maine town and shows us how strong friendship can/should be.  These kids are forced to grow up fast when an evil presence is taking over their town.  The think they can stop it.  Do they?  You'll have to find out, but believe me, you'll love the ride.
B000002UJQ|5.0|No other album can make me cry, or feel as elated as this one. Imagine a world where more artists are capable of this, and have such integrety.  If only.
0553208845|3.0|While I did enjoy the concept of this book, i wasn't sure that I completely understood what was supposed to be said.<br />I am a student of religion and literature, therefore I have been looking into buddhism and cocepts of it.  This book tells us about the life of Siddhartha, who is the buddha.  Yet somehow I was confused about who this Siddhartha really was.  he lives a life of searching for the meanings and during this time he encounters &quot;buddha&quot;.  i was confused on whether &quot;buddha&quot; was Siddhartha or if Siddhartha is seeing himself.  It is very existential i think.<br />I was confused so you might be confused as well.  I suggest you read this more than once to get the true meaning of it.  If you are looking more for a book to learn about buddhism, try some other book like basic buddhist cocepts or others.
B00000K2SE|5.0|It is a sci-fi thriller that will keep you ion the edge of your seat, expand your mind and melt your heart. Starring the gorgeous Keanu Reeves and a large cast of others including Carrie Anne Moss. Neo(Keanu Reeves) a somewhat shy brilliant computer programmer who spends his days making illegal viruses and leisure programs for his off the record clients. During the day he is Mr. Anderson, computer programer at a desk job that would likely keep him locked up in a desk job for the rest of his life is faced with a chance to see if there is more to his life, and everyone elses. Faced with a strange computer message by a former hacker named Trinity(Carrie Anne Moss) he is mysteriously instructed to go out with one of his clients to a bar. Through the loud music and wild dancing of the futuristic people, Trinity approaches Neo. She tells him just what he has felt all his life, there is so much more to it than he thinks. Just how much more Neo finds out from Trinity's rebellious friends, amoung them a leader in the forces against humanity. Humanity however is unbeknownst to the control held firmly over them blinding there eyes, except for a select few, those strong enough to overcome their dictators, and those who were not caught in the first battle. The battle was the long feared, artificial intelligence. Our(Humans) attempts to overcome that which we created had failed, causing however the &quot;robots&quot; to rely solely on humans, for what could be debated as life. Just hoe dependent though goes beyond your wildest dreams, and is made so believable and real with special effects, you'll never look at your everday appliance the same again. Neo has a huge rol to play in the war aginst A.I.(artificial intlligence), and chosing to join the rebellion, accept what he's known all his life not to be true, and get the corage to fufill his destiny as the one. In this elaborate, suspenseful different take on reality, you might find your self lost. But don't worry there is a telephone booth only 20 meters away, if you can make it there before the garbage truck schreeching towards it driven by an agent(a artificial intlligence being who enforces the collectives wishes). Have fun, but remeber, it's not real, it's the MATRIX.
B000001E7V|5.0|The first time I heard this, my friends and i were driving in the dark.  I was sitting in the backseat of the car, they had me stick the cd in on the potable boombox in the back.  We had been talking, as we slipped around the winding roads and past the trees and scant houses.  <br />The minute the CD went into the player, I was ovewhelmed....surpised. Conversation dropped off and the night seemed to come into the car from the outside, big and blue, the moon gaining pressure and pushing against my eyes.  It was like I could have been another country and it would have still made me feel this way.  The music made me go outwards and inwards all at once.  We were driving through the forest to the beach. We arrived to Newport, The trees dropping behind us and the storefront taking their place.  The beats and the soundscapes were so perfect.  Since then i have listened to this CD several other times at night, in a car as well as at home.<br />That is when it struck me.  I am a music freak, one who believes that a certain CD or a certain band will be perfect in a certain occasion.   Usually i will have a seperate preferance for what music sound good driving through the forrest and what sounds good driving through a city.  This, however, flowed through all of it.  This CD seems to me to be greatest at night.  I think it the sensualness, the implied tension and power, the rythm, the beautiful &quot;oiliness&quot; of the sound.  It is the best driving music i have ever heard.  It seems to pull you, and the car, with it, instead of the other way around.<br />So next time you get in your car and the sun is setting, pop this album into your player.  Whether you live in the big city or in the boondocks, it manages to make sense in an abstract and beautiful way.
630018403X|5.0|&quot; are you guys like boyfriend and girlfriend? lovers? is he giving you the hot beef injection, sporto?...&quot;  <br />what else can you say about this movie? this was the brat pack and john hughes at their apex. any teen who watches this will love it. period.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Why is, that only every 5 or 10 years we can see a movie like this. There are billions of Dollars spent worldwide every year, bringing stupid screenplays to film. And so many years pass by without rembering one of them. Gladiator is one to be remembered.  I hope its a turningpoint in Ridley Scotts career. He was one of the finest directors (Alien, Blade Runner, Legend) and i hope he will be again after his more recent works (White Squall, G.I Jane).  I can't remember one thing that i didn't liked in Gladiator, so i only mention the most important in my opinion. The cinematography is wonderful, ranging from harsh to poetic. The acting is without any minor failure, and the Soundtrack is one of the alltime best i've heard.<br />This movie is well deserved one to add to my &quot;Best Ever List&quot;, along with Blade Runner and My Neighbor Totoro.<br />So go and see it and if you don't like it, believe me it's not the fault of the movie (again in my opinion).
B00003CXE7|5.0|This movie is almost perfect in every way!  Buy it!
6304308388|5.0|What can I say about this movie?  Just watch it.  Lemmon gives the performance of his life.  MacMurry is wonderfully detestable and Shirly Maclaine is piteable and sympathetic.  <br />Lemmon does a marvelous job with his character, making him by turns funny and sad.  No wonder it won Best Picture.  Laughter and tears are mixed in this wonderul movie.  Watch it now.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This movie is one of the greats!  On the same scale as Braveheart, The Patriot, and Saving Private Ryan, it provides a moving storyline with captivating action.<br />I had a slight problem with my DVD, where during the middle of the movie, it started slowing down and skipping.  But I don't know if it was the DVD or my player.<br />The cutting room scenes are excellent!  I don't know why they had to take them out, but they provide real insight into the depth of the story.  Some of them seem crucial to the plot, but once you've seen the movie without them, you realize that the movie - after editing - is just as strong.  This one's a keeper, for sure.
B000002IZ4|4.0|Fresh sounding and good songwriting. Heavy songs with good hooks. I wish that more bands would incorporate good melodies into their songwriting these days.<br />Beatles and Stones influences abound here.<br />The drummer is excellent. No frills, just great timekeeping. That's the mark of a great drummer!!
B00003CXCS|5.0|Of course this is one of the best movies of all time.  This is a musical that makes sense, 'cause music is so much a part of the story.  <br />The DVD version of the movie is great.  I especially like getting the featurette about making the movie and the short feature about Salzburg that came with it. (Plus there are other extras).  It was really interesting hearing about making the movie and about the actual Von Trappe family, which the movie is based on.
B00001QEBQ|3.0|I enjoyed this movie (given that it's typical Disney), but the video transfer is definitely not the 4.5 that Widescreen Review gives it. There are terrible artifacts throughout the movie (these are particularly prominent because it is animated and thus the artifacts are more noticeable). I expect this is because they compressed the picture more than usual to fit both 4:3 and letterbox onto one side of the DVD. <br />For people wanting to collect this movie, I definitely suggest waiting for an anamorphic version of the movie with good compression.
B000000W6F|3.0|Gish and Siamese Dream are the two albums that Corgan recorded before he got to experimental. With Melloncollie... the experiments worked to produce an excellent album, but the Bald One got carried away with the dissappointing Adore. This album would be so much better if it weren't for the slow songs, often where Billy does good, but not yet I guess. I Am One and Siva are the closest to punk Billy and Co. will ever get, now that they're broken up. Rhinoceros is an arty songs where Billy shines, starting out quiet and evolving into a swirling mess of guitars. Bury Me is another good hard rock one, once it gets started. The next few slow songs are OK, but Billy could do better. Fristessa bsounds like SD's Cherub Rock. Window Paine is another good song, tho more of an acquired taste, but the way it switches from soft to loud is very cool. Daydream is an accoustic song sung by D'Arcy, the bass player and is pretty good. There's also a bonus track, but that's for you to find out. Anyway, the mellow middle tracks muck up this album, which shows an early shot of the Pumpkins genuis.
0446608955|5.0|This book is so extremely well written!  I just love the way you could slowly see how Landon was falling in love with Jamie.  Everybody in their life knows a 'Jamie' and a 'Landon'.  This review probably seems to be going nowhere.  Lets just say my friend let me borrow this book for a business trip I was going on, I finished the book that same night.  I had a hard time getting up for my meeting the next morning but it was well worth it.  A Walk to Remember made me remember how precious life is and to never take anything for granted.
0380977273|5.0|Bradbury's Something Wicked This Way Comes is a novel about mankind's struggle with temptation. The three main character's Will, Jim and Charles (Will's father) live a relatively simple life before an evil carnival comes to their town. Once it rises up in the middle of the night, people in the town start to disappear and everything goes horribly wrong. The carnival offers what every person could ever dream of but the price is too horrible to bear. The boys have to struggle with their friendship while combating the evil that has manifested in their town. Charles also has to confront the greatest challenge he has ever faced and live up to being Will's father. Bradbury goes outside the narrow-minded sphere of reality, challenging our beliefs, and forcing us to confront our deepest desires and fears. Highly recommended.
B00004XOWM|1.0|Limp Bizkit, what went wrong? Not just a little wrong I'm talking very wrong. They were once my favorite band (before they were even on the radio or MTV), but now the band (Mainly Fred, actually pretty much just Fred) have become exactly what they preached against: POP. There is no other way around it they are Pop music now, chillin with Nsync and singing duets with Christina Aguilera. Its sad that something once so good has gone so...... sour.
0684853523|5.0|You don't have to be a Stephen King fan to enjoy his latest book, &quot;On Writing&quot; -- but you may be a fan when you finish the book. It is humorous, honest, contains an insight into his life, and describes how he gets his ideas for his books. <br />I find that I am studying his book as well reading it. He doesn't believe in using excessive words, a technique that I tried to employ when I wrote what I think may be the world's first practical fitness book, &quot;Fitness It's Gotta Be Quick &amp; It's Gotta Be Easy.&quot; I am now struggling with writing fiction and plan to use many of his suggestions.
B00003CXDG|2.0|After enjoying Mission Impossible I was really looking forward to the sequel, but it was a major dissapointment.  The plot is absolutley horrible.  The only time I was impressed by this film was in the action schenes, still they were totally unbelivable.  I was expacting for this movie to be a action thriller that kept me on the edge of my seat, but in turn it was a poorly scrpted bomb that did not impress me at all.  I do not recommend this movie to any one, if you want to see it go to your local video rental store, it is not worth buing a movie in which you will only want to see once.  I'm sorry for my very negative response, but this is how I feel about this movie.
B000002N2P|3.0|This album took the punk from Dookie without as many pop hooks (except maybe Geek Stink Breath). With a more depressing feel (86, the apocolyptic Panic Song, and Brat), this alum didn't sell as well. Even the art work was darker than the California suburban drawings of Dookie. Featuring odd cover art of a smiling lady holding Billie Joe's guitar, when opened it shows her holding a gun to a sleeping man in a hammock. See what I mean? Armatage Shanks is a nice intro, but not very memmorable. Brat features Billie singing a capella, which is kinda funny. Stuck With Me is cool, with the scratchy interlude halfway through. Geek Stink Breath is a catchy song, one of the best, with the guitar riff that sticks in your mind. No Pride is OK, but features nice, sarcasticly bitter lyrics. Bab's ... Who? is a strange experement, with Billie's voice sounding praticullary odd, though not as fake British as it did on Dookie (this applies to the whole album).  86 is a dark song about not being accepted. Panic Song has starts out as an excellent instrumental, than moves into a depressing punk (suprise!) song. Stuart... is nothing special. Brain Stew flirts with metal and is very cool. As the final chord of it fades out, a new, turbo-punk guitar comes in for a supercharged-barely-two-minute gem.  The last songs are uninspired, though not terrible, until Walking Contradiction which ends the album on a good note.
079213690X|5.0|This movie is pure genious. The epic saga of William Wallace and his fight to free Scotland is an engrossing tale of love, betrayal and freedom. This movie will make you shed tears, laugh, and cheer. The battles are incredibly well done and incredibly gorey as limbs fly across the screen (Not litterally). The story has plot twists and elements that will keep you deeply involved in this 3 hour masterpiece. This movie easily ranks with Gladiator and Patriot but is my all time favorite movie. I reccomend it to anyone. This movie is easy to watch has beutiful scottish scenery. Buy it!
B00004TJWE|5.0|Although to clarify a few things...it isn't really a gold CD (it's one of those gold/aluminum hybrids, not a MoFi-like 24KT CD). That's my only complaint, though...an excellent album, and to call people's attention to it--as I see that tons of people are complaining about this for the &quot;regular&quot; issue--this CD is *definately* in stereo, unlike the mono regular issue.
B000051VWW|5.0|Lover's Rock is a great CD. I can't listen to it enough. If you like Sade, BUY THIS CD NOW, you will love it!
B00000IP2L|4.0|Former Ozzy Osbourne guitarist Zakk Wylde put together this fantastic collection of 14 woofer-thumping sonic blasts that are probably heavier (or at least as heavy) as anything Ozzy or Black Sabbath have ever done. Wylde himself describes &quot;Sonic Brew&quot; as &quot;Alcohol fueled brewtality for the next millennium.&quot; Since we don't have a clue what that means, we'll describe it for you: It sounds a lot like old Black Sabbath with updated guitar sounds and 1990s style songwriting. <br />From its opening track (the &quot;Apocalypse Now&quot;-like &quot;Bored to Tears&quot;) through a stunning military parade of guitar-crunching tunes (the best of which are &quot;Hey, You (Batch of Lies),&quot; &quot;Low Down,&quot; &quot;Lost My Better Half&quot; and &quot;World of Trouble&quot;) to the stunning acoustic jam &quot;t.a.z.&quot; to the bluesy &quot;Spoke In The Wheel,&quot;  &quot;Sonic Brew&quot; just doesn't quit. This is a CD that doesn't have to be played loud to be loud (but don't cheat yourself - play it loud anyway). Wylde and his &quot;drinking partner and drummer&quot; Phil Ondich have put together a heavy metal record that remains true to its roots but takes a step toward the future as well. In a way, this album kind of reminds of us Clutch, which - of course - is a good thing.<br />Wylde's outstanding guitar work is a highlight throughout the CD, both with his driving rhythm and bass work and his brilliantly raging lead. If you liked Wylde's guitar on Ozzy's &quot;No Rest for the Wicked,&quot; &quot;Just Say Ozzy,&quot; &quot;No More Tears&quot; or &quot;Ozzmosis,&quot; you'll really like the stuff on this CD.
0156907399|5.0|When I first began reading this book I did not realize that it was stream of consciousness book and was worried that it might turn out to be another &quot;The Sound and The Fury&quot; of which I could not get past the first section.  How wrong I was.  From the very begining, after the initial surprise, I was enthralled by this book.  The wonderful point of this book is the characters and how the book flows.  I was never bored reading the book and constantly found myself wanting to read to the next chapter.  Also, I find myself liking it better now that I think about it more and really look forward to reading it again.  Please get this book, you will not regret it.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Gladiator is one of those movies that comes along and makes you watch in awe of how amazing everything in the movie is. The cinematography is amazing. Direction is dead on and well directed. Russel Crowe portrays Maximus, the emperor of Romes chief general who is betrayed by the prince which all leads up to the climactic final seen that is definitly on of the greatest endings. The cutscenes of the field and the gates give a surreal feel to the movie which makes it that much more enjoyable. The action is well done with not so much gore as Braveheart. This movie is definitly one for action fans, or anyone who loved Bravheart or Patriot. One of my favorite movies of all time. Buy it!
6300268993|4.0|&quot;Superman II&quot; is a terrific sequel to the first classic adventure. Picking up where the first film left off, &quot;SMII&quot; explores themes from the original film as well as continuing the Superman saga with bold new ideas and challenges for the Man of Steel.<br />Christopher Reeve returns as well as Gene Hackman as Lex Luthor and Margot Kidder as Lois Lane.  Joining the cast are a trio of super villians exiled from Superman's home planet of Krypton.  They venture to Earth and soon after realize that they are immortal and have incredible powers.  They then begin to  terrorize the planet and it's up to Superman to stop them, but can he stop three villians who are just as powerful as him?<br />This film has many wonderful developments and suprises.  The love theme between Lois and Clark/Superman is explored more deeply here.  In this installment Superman faces a personal crisis as he's torn between his duties as the Man of Steel and his true love; Lois Lane.  He's forced to choose between the two; keep his powers or be human and be in love.  The result is very interesting.<br />There is more action in this sequel than in the original film and it's a fresh alternative.  It's certainly fun to see Superman hurtle bad guys through the skies of Metropolis and saving the world with his super strength and heat ray vision.  The Man of Steel is much tougher this time.<br />The film has much of the spark of the first film, but not as much impact or awe.  There is still a great deal of wonderful character development though the sequel has much more of an &quot;action plot&quot; than the original. The first film was powerful because it focused on beginnings of Superman, the sequel demands more from the audience, which is okay.  We should already know the back story before the fun starts because the film is very fast paced, but even if we haven't seen the first film, there's a brief re-cap at the beginning of the film.<br />A good description I've heard of &quot;Superman II&quot; is &quot;Superman I with more action and a better plot&quot; and that's probably right, however I prefer the majesty and scope of the original.  Still, this sequel is as good as a &quot;Superman&quot; sequel can get and it's a worthy companion to the the first film.  Together they compliment each other much like the first two &quot;Godfather&quot; films, which makes sense seeing that the first two &quot;Godfathers&quot; and first two &quot;Supermans&quot; were written by Mario Puzo.<br />&quot;Superman II&quot; is a rare sequel in that it nearly equals the quality of the original, and in terms of story and style it is definitly one of better produced sequels ever ranking up there with &quot;The Empire Strikes Back&quot; and &quot;The Godfather Part II&quot;.
6305078181|5.0|This is by far the best production of Dracula I have ever seen! The images are beautiful, and the background music flatters the perfect scenery well. Langella is frighteningly charming as the evil Dracula. (Often evil is attractive.) There is real terror in how we are gradually exposed to the full extent of his evil. Eve and Pleasence are fine. Olivier is over the top as Dracula's virtuous enemy. I am not sure this was the author's intention, but it is a powerful tool when an actor like Olivier is introduced in the 2nd half.  Comic relief is well placed. (Donald Pleasence is always eating.) These are two of the greatest things I can say about this masterpiece. (1) The movie is terrifying without a huge amount of blood or effects.  Even the characters do not raise their voices much. BUT, the intensity of the situations and dialogues is what can strike fear into us. (2) Like the heroes in Charles Dickens' books, Olivier, Eve, and Pleasence are NOT supermen. They are regular people who rise to face and defeat an evil presence in their setting. The end is done with superb skill. The conversations stop, and the final fight begins. Even the symphony music for the end credits seems to flatter this end well. This is one of those rare movies that I CAN NOT say enough good things about. After you have seen this version of Dracula, NO OTHER version even comes close!
0062502182|4.0|Here is a quick-to-read book that explores a boy in search of a dream. Santiago knows what he wants, but unfortunately is guided on a different path. He meets a mysterious person and decides to risk all he has to pursue his dream. This begins a journey full of all sorts of perils and happy moments. Santiago's journey is a metaphor of all of our lives, and as one reads the book, one cannot help but to think about the course of one's own life. Because of this, I can recommend this book. I think that there are other more interesting books to read on the subject of risking all you have to do what you really desire, but this one can be read quickly.
B00004Z4WR|4.0|Dominic Sena's (Kalifornia) Gone in 60 Seconds is pulse pounding, adrenaline erupting, star saturated, pun laced, kinetically explosive, vividly captured, exhilaratingly breathtaking, and undeniably fun romp of chase movie that delivers all the goods in a timely fashion and with evident expertise in style to spare. Starring a first class cast including Nicholas Cage (Randall &quot;Memphis&quot; Raines), Angelina Jolie (Sara &quot;Sway&quot; Wayland), Robert Duvall (Otto Halliwell), Giovanni Ribisi (Kip Raines), Delroy Lindo (Detective Roland Castlebeck), and Will Patton (Atley Jackson), the film abounds with highly visible acting confidence that permits the film to leave comprehensive character development for an emphasis on an outstanding visceral experience that leaves one uninterested in the characters motivations or predispositions.  <br />Gone in 60 Seconds manipulates its star power like finely warn marbles being confidently thrown in the fray confident that they will fall safely in the zone. Despite consistently sharp and savage criticism by the bulk of film critics about the film's lack of breadth, shallow characters, underwritten relationships, and obvious methods of storytelling, Gone in 60 Seconds was never meant to be an Academy Award winning ensemble piece of the sorrows of thievery on a family. It was solely intended by Producer Jerry Bruckheimer (Top Gun, Armageddon) to be a very engaging popcorn movie that people would want to see again and again, and he succeeded smashingly.<br />Despite what you might hear from the reviews, Gone in 60 Seconds is a notably delightful chase film that was meant to experience not to inanely analyze. Enjoy the ride, and don't take it too seriously.       As for the DVD edition of the film, Gone in 60 Seconds includes a fabulous anamorphic wide screen presentation, a Jerry Bruckheimer commentary track, making of documentaries, theatrical trailer, and much much more. A Must-see for any die hard action fan.
068484267X|5.0|From the opening lines, McCourt gracefully foretells his miserable Irish Catholic childhood.  Throughout the book he paints a portrait of the idiosyncratic and at times hypocritical Irish culture of the early forties.  The reader can see the door being slammed in his face, him praying to St. Francis, and his desperation in licking the grease off the newspaper.  In addition, McCourt does all this masterful storytelling in the mentality of an repressed Irish Catholic child.  Although he may have exaggerated a few details, the author creates a poignant memoir that makes the reader feel that they are miserable and suffering along with the McCourt family.
6303212263|5.0|Movies based on superheroes are usually very entertaining.  Some of the Batman films and the recent &quot;X-Men&quot; have proved that, but even they can't compare to the epic splendor of the first &quot;Superman&quot; film.  Director Richard Donnor of the &quot;Lethal Weapons&quot; and &quot;Goonies&quot; released this film in 1978 to rave reviews and huge box office.  It was one of the most anticipated films of it's time, I'm sure if you were to ask anyone who's old enough they could tell you about the first time they saw &quot;Superman: The Movie&quot; in the theaters and what a treat it was.<br />&quot;Superman: The Movie&quot; is a glorious fantasy/adventure full of clever villians, inventive visual effects, huge sets, wonderful music by John Williams, romance, and unexpected humor.  The film closer resembles the spirit of &quot;Star Wars&quot; than the thundering action of the &quot;Batman&quot; films.  &quot;Superman&quot; is a comic book movie, yes, but it's more than that.  For starters, no comic book movie has ever had such faith in it's premise than in &quot;Superman&quot;.  The film is almost a history lesson for us, taking us back to the origins of the hero on the planet Krypton and following him through his adolescence in Smallville and eventually to his arrival in Metropolis.  Richard Donner has such command of the storytelling here.  He treats the story of &quot;Superman&quot; with such respect in placing the Man of Steel in the so-called real world instead of the phony sets that you might come to expect in a film called &quot;Superman&quot;.  Since Donner gives us a realistic setting, the heroics of Superman are viewed with greater awe by the people of Metropolis, as well as the viewing audience.<br />The greatest praise however rests on the invulnerable shoulders of the man who dons the red cape on screen; Christopher Reeve.  While playing what is essentially a dual role in Clark Kent and Superman, Reeve makes the presence of these characters moreeffective by giving Clark an off-beat personality and Superman a HEART of steel.  Reeve's Superman is more of a friend than a hero.  He's just a kind man with incredible powers who wants to make the world a better place.  Reeve's spin on the character makes the big S more sympathetic and even human.  Reeve has great fun playing the two personalities off each other.  Even through Clark's feeble dorkiness, you can still sense the intelligent hero hiding behind the glasses and even when Superman romances reporter Lois Lane you sense his vulnerbility and love for her and when he mourns for her we realize that he's more like us than a comic book hero.<br />While not a hulk-like figure which the early concepts of Superman indicated in the comics, Reeve still provides a powerful prescence proving that it's heart not muscle which makes a true hero.  A cape doesn't hurt though.<br />Facing off against the Man of Steel is the mighty Gene Hackman as Lex Luthor.  Hackman's Luthor is one of the screen's greatest film villians.  An evil super genius with world domination on the brain, Luthor is also quite funny. Hackman gives Luthor a spoiled brat quality but also a lethal seriousness with his scenes with Christopher Reeve.  This is an awesome screen rivalry.<br />The music by John Williams is one of his best scores ever if not THE best.  The effects and design of the film make it totally belivable that a man is flying around trying to save the world, and all other technical aspects of the film are first rate.<br />&quot;Superman&quot; is for the kid in us all and for those who still believe in heroes.  A classic filled with affectionate performances, stand up and cheer adventure and wonder which is owed to skilled directon and a terrific lead performance by Christopher Reeve, the one and only Superman.
0425170349|3.0|Ever since I was little, I've had to be completely swept away by a book.  If it didn't manage to grab my attention within the first few chapters, I am sad to admit, that I couldn't force myself to finish the book.  This was part of the reason I loved books that had multiple sub-plots.  In Rainbow Six, Tom Clancy does an excellent job of keeping my attention while developing the characters with each mission.  The problem comes when Clancy tries to tie everything together.  Although the sub-plots are marvelous, this novel lacks substance and believability when it comes to the major plot.<br /> Through the minor plots, Clancy displays his knack for story telling and development.  As with his previous novels, Clancy writes in a way in which the reader feels like they actually know the characters and can sense their emotions.  By the end of the book, these fictional characters are like close friends or confidants.  This leads me to my first problem with this book.  Just when readers know the good guys, they are ambushed and several of them die.  This is fine in the development of the plot, but Clancy fails to expand upon any emotion relating to this incident.  He spent most of the book letting the readers get to know them and then once they have a bullet shatter their skull, it is time to move on.  No grief.  No emotions.  While military personnel may be able to accept the fact that they are gone and move on quickly without a second thought, most readers, myself included, would like to see at least some reaction.  By failing to acknowledge that the characters were people, Clancy leaves the readers with the impression that everyone in his book is expendable and their death would be and is completely inconsequential.<br /> The sub-plots are the highlight of this book.  As Clancy's successful attempt at keeping readers on the edge of their seat, they are well thought out and action packed.  While the main plot is highly predictable, anything can and will happen in the minormissions and plots.  The transitions are made very smoothly from one to the next and aid in at least a little believability of the major plot.  They help ease us into wondering if it is possible for some psycho tree-hugger to destroy the human race and the world as we know it.  If nothing else, the book is thought provoking enough to be entertaining.<br />Although engaging, the one primary flaw, or rather let down, in this book is the conclusion.  Clancy spends the entire book building and building, but to what?   The climax had no climax.  I was able to predict (correctly) everything that happened in the last 200 pages.  Even the bad guys, who were intelligent enough to create a virus that would slowly and painfully kill every human, were not smart enough to carry out a simple plan.  Also, while the ending in South America was amusing, the true climax should have been in Sydney.  It was as if Clancy planned on ending the story in Sydney, but that didn't quite tie up all the loose ends, so he dragged the book on further.  With a story over 700 pages, quantity does not necessarily equal quality.  Clancy could probably have written his conclusion more effectively in fifty pages.  That is how simple the ending is.  The conclusion almost destroys the positive aspects this book has to offer.<br />The anticlimactic conclusion was the final straw to make this book merely mediocre.  While many points in this book are engaging and enthralling, there are several passages that could have been written by a 10-year old.  All the child would need is a vivid imagination and a desire to draw out a plot.  This is a shame.  Clancy is a good writer who seems to have been caught by a deadline.  The majority of the book is expertly written.  If the conclusion had been more entertaining, other minor flaws could easily be over looked.  But, even with the pathetic ending, my prediction for this book is generally enjoyable with some exceptionally entertaining parts.
B000002UB3|5.0|WHY DO ALL THESE REVIEWERS FEEL LIKE THEY HAVE TO WRITE A BOOK.PEOPLE DON`T WANT TO READ ALL OF THAT B.S.THIS IS A GREAT CD,MAYBE THE BEST THE BEATLES EVER DID.THATS SAYING ALOT.COME TOGETHER IS ON THIS,WHAT A GREAT SONG.THIS HAS ALSO GOT THE HARRISON CLASSIC HERE COMES THE SUN.IF YOU DON`T HAVE THIS ALREADY,I DON`T NO WHAT PLANET YOU HAVE BEEN HIDING ON,BUT YOU MUST BUY IT AT ONCE.AND WHILE YOUR AT IT,BUY ALL THE BEATLES YOU CAN GET YOUR HANDS ON.PEACE.
B00004RJ74|5.0|In the early months of 1995, talented Mexican director Robert Rodriguez (El Mariachi, Desperado, The Faculty) and cunning cinematic guru Quentin Tarantino (Reservoir Dogs, Pulp Fiction, Jackie Brown) merged artistic passions to compose an intricate genre hybrid that evokes both the artists unique sensibilities, emanates mind-bogglingly unthinkable comical insights, and reveals an abrasively hip yet sophisticated screen persona that supplies unforeseen drama within the forum of an exploitation film. Surging with distinctive Tarantino culture dialogue and references, Rodriguez's go-for-broke action sequences, marvelous performances from Harvey Keitel, George Clooney, Quentin Tarantino, Juliette Lewis, Salma Hayek, John Saxon, Tom Savini, and Cheech Marin (in three supporting roles!!!), an unyieldingly concentrated pace, spectacular comedic splicing with its horror elements, splendid gore and make-up effects, and a predominantly mischievous ambiance of unpredictability that leaves any first-time viewer totally in hands of Rodriguez and Tarantino, From Dusk Til Dawn persists in being a heavily  entertaining dual genre piece that attains dramatic grandeur, profound performances, and even moving pathos within the framework of exploitation piece.<br />The film depicts the story of the infamous Gecko Brothers', Seth (George Clooney) and Ritchie (Quentin Tarantino), odyssey from their violent southern Texas exploits to their arrival at the unforgettable Titty Twister bar. Along the way, the Gecko brothers inadvertently blow up a liquor store, hallucinate flirtations and verbal taunts, &quot;accidentally&quot; rape and murder a seemingly docile hostage, and kidnap a disillusioned pastor's family and their motor home on their way to their bar rendezvous across the Mexican border. Though these characters may seem to be the most unsympathetic characters to be rooting for. Tarantino's knack for instilling humanity into his criminals is second to none, and along the way towards the bar and the film's personality switch, through absorbing dialogue, gritty performances, and realistic plot developments (in the Tarantino half), we are given unusually affable characters that allow the audience just enough audience identification with the characters before they are literally placed into hell incarnate.  While watching From Dusk Til Dawn, it crucial to note the film's story arc is essentially one-half Tarantino crime tale/ one-half gory horror gore opus. This was done I believe to introduce the characters, personality dynamics, and innate personal tendencies of the people in their real environments before establishing the horror. What happens quite often in horror films of the last two decades is we, the audience, are immediately transported to the improbable before we even really know our characters. The characters of a movie are our conduits into the realm and the story of a movie. Doesn't it seem probable that if we have an enhanced understanding of the characters we might enjoy the film's narrative a lot more? From Dusk Til Dawn follows this mentality to its most logic summation as character and style overcome commercial convention.<br />Since it release, From Dusk Til Dawn consistently besieges it audiences with an intoxicatingly visceral affront of violence, mayhem, elaborate chaos, and inventive havoc that entertains and delights beyond anyone's expectations. Though definitely not Academy Award material so to speak, From Til Dawn remains a superlative horror extravaganza.<br />As for the film's new DVD Collector's Series edition, FDTD contains an informative Rodriguez/Tarantino commentary track, a feature length documentary entitled &quot;Full Tilt Boogie&quot;, extensive outtakes, deleted scenes, two music videos, the theatrical trailer, and much much more. A Definite Must for any Horror Fan.
0452281881|5.0|I ran across this book on a table of new fiction at Barnes and Noble and needed a laugh so I got it.  I have never laughed no hard!  If you have ever worked in the corporate world you will recognize the many different personalities in the book!  I am passing this book on to the rest of my family.  Humor is terrific medicine and this book is it!  ENJOY!!
B00004TRD8|5.0|This review is for the Ultimate DVD edition of T2, which is far superior than any other version on any format.  First off, the movie itself is a great.  It is destined to be a classic.  Great story, good action, special effects that were well ahead of it's time, and even great emotional drama as well.  This was one great movie.<br />Next, I must give praise about the excellent picture quality and awesome sound.  The picture transfer on this DVD is great.  Crystal clear.  Nice and sharp.  And then...there's the sound.  Boy I tell, you, the sound on this DVD rocks!  If you have a great setup, you'll really appreciate the 5.1 and DTS sound on this one.  Turn it up and you'll let the great soundscape of this DVD immerse you into it's world.  This is another one of those discs that can be utilized to show off your high end system with.  Going even further, this DVD edition has the most extras packed into a DVD that I've seen in a while.  Extra footage, commentary, you name it.  A whole disc devoted to that stuff.  An extra branching feature seamlessly lets you watch the movie with the extra footage, which I thought was great.  <br />In all honesty, I recommend this particular version VERY HIGHLY.  I seriously think that anyone who has a high end setup and appreciates great DTS, DD 5.1 sound, and superb picture transfer should get this version.  It's a must have.  I would also recomend this to those who have a DVD player without the high end system setup, becuase the just the movie and exras that come with it are worth the price alone.  If you don't own it and are considering getting it, what are you waiting for?  It's worth every penny.  You won't be disappointed
B000002UDB|5.0|I WAS JUST READING THE REVIEWS OF THIS CD,WHEN I GOT TO PATRICK OF ROCKWALL,TEXAS.HE SAID HE THOUGHT THE BEATLES WERE RESTING ON THERE LAURALS ON THIS CD.THIS GUY HAS GOT TO BE THE BIGGEST IDIOT I HAVE EVER HEARD.RESTING WITH SONGS LIKE I AM A WALRUS,STRAWBERRY FIELDS,FOOL ON THE HILL,HELLO GOODBYE.YOU BE THE JUDGE,BUT LET ME TELL YOU THIS IS A GREAT CD.5 STARS IS NOT ENOUGH.
B00004U2A1|5.0|Exceptional film virtuoso Sam Raimi (Evil Dead, Army of Darkness, Darkman, and a Simple Plan) dared to rethink his concept on (the Ultimate Exercise in Cinematic Terror) Evil Dead, which had already become a huge cult classic favorite worldwide, by continuing the story of girlish wimp Ashley Williams (Bruce Campbell) after his initial bloody escapade at the infamous log cabin but with a surprising atmospheric twist in presentation.<br />Beginning with a brief recap minus Ash's sister and the other couple from ED 1, Evil Dead 2: Dead by Dawn commences with Ash again becoming prey to all types of Deadite pranks, practical jokes, attempts of bodily possession, unholy possession of his girlfriend Linda, and becoming the butt of all the undead's jokes. Ash is again left to fend for himself against the evil undead denizens sprung from the unholy Necronomicon (Book of Dead) by accident. Unfortunately for Ash, his journey into hell is just starting, and this was just a description of the film's first five minutes. Due to ED 2's unparalleled storytelling zeal and zany sensibilities, it would a criminal offense to give any more away on this goofy classic's plot. Suffice to say it is an indescribable descent into an inconceivable realm where comedy and horror merge into one blissful concoction of hilarity that single-handedly redefined the borders of horror film from then on.<br />Evil Dead 2: Dead By Dawn should be seen all those who enjoy insanely creative movies that push the boundaries of cinema. Even those who think this film may be too violent or disturbing should at least take a brief gander at this. Unlike its predecessor, Evil Dead 2 mixes the sensibilities of a Three Stooges picture with the formula of Evil Dead to conceive an illogical yet supremely entertaining spoof on the horror film. This film is so chock full of treasured camp moments that anyone who has the slightest inkling about seeing it should.<br />Followed by an equally notable camp classic, Army of Darkness. As for Evil Dead 2: Dead By Dawn Limited Edition DVD by Anchor Bay, it contains a digitally and THX sound remastered print with an outstanding anamorhphic wide screen presentation that all Dead Heads are entitled to see, a fascinating commentary track with Sam Raimi, Bruce Campbell, and others, the Gore The Merrier featured containing behind the scenes footage, storyboard drawings, and much much more. A Must Buy For Any Deadite Fan or Fan of the Fantastically Macabre.
0060977493|3.0|One of the biggest sensations when it came out, The God of Small Things, Arundhati Roy's first                 novel, is set in her home state of Kerela, India. Sensations breed                 skepticism, especially when a first time author manages to steal                 the coveted Booker Prize, but in this case the book deserves                 much, though certainly not all, of its success, due to its creative                 use of plot, narrative technique, characterization and setting. Its                 themes are multifarious and fascinating: collective and individual                 identity, incest and other taboos about love, state and family                 politics, childhood trauma and loss of innocence, and structural                 determinism. (And even a bit about Oxford thrown in for good                 measure.) There are many characters in this story, and Roy                 balances them well, but at the centre stand the twins Estha and                 Rahel, whose unity is so complete that they experience life as the                 collective entity 'we'. Roy's story (and she tells it as a storyteller,                 using all the techniques at her disposal) is how doom comes on                 the twins and their family, indeed on a whole community, through                 a violation of the Love Laws, which govern                 who is to be loved and how much. <br />                Among other things, The God of Small Things is a scathing critique of this aspect of                 Indian society: what Roy sees as traditions and customs which limit people from                 natural acts of love and then destroy them when they inevitably violate these                 unwritten laws. No individuals are directly to blame for the doom that comes upon                 the characters in this story--the most negative character being simply a pathetic aunt;                 instead, their doom is inevitable and inescapable because of the structural laws that                 enchain society and restrict individual freedom. <br />                The book is powerful and creative, and a source of that power is Roy's strong voice,                 full of conviction and outrage. Ironically, it is this strength which leads to the major                 weaknesses of the book. To maintain a high level of suspense and impress on the                 reader the magnitude of what is happening, Roy resorts to abusive foreshadowing of                 the coming doom (one guesses at what it is about, but it is only revealed towards the                 end of the book) and dramatic capitalization to show that Something Is Really                 Important. (Many argue that this is to emphasize the children's viewpoint, but to this I                 can only say that if so, the style is highly inconsistent, since much of the story is not                 told through a child's viewpoint at all--the final scene is a powerful example; the voice                 throughout is rather that of the the external narrator, i.e. Roy herself). In any case, such techniques are                 unnecessary, and indeed annoying, since her creative manipulation of time in her                 narrative means that she writes around the actual event, giving us snippets of what                 happened after, what happened before, etc., without revealing what it was that actually                 happened. This would have been enough. <br />                Nevertheless, for most people these criticisms will not prove enough to mar an overall                 appreciation of this book, which is in any case no exercise in subtlety. If you can deal                 with Roy's strong voice (and some can't) as well as the occasional hit on the head with                 a sledgehammer, then you will probably enjoy this book, especially if you are interested in the themes of life in the sub-contintent.
0140177396|4.0|I found the Book &quot;Of Mice and Men&quot; very interesting. After looking at the relationship between Lennie Small and George Milton, it made me think about the friends I have.     In todays society we mentally, verbally, and emotionally hurt the feelings of many mentally or physically impared people. But in this novella, George looks over his very close friend Lennie who has a mental illness. George and Lennie have been together for a long time, but Lennie is always causing troubles. I feel that George is just like many of us. He forgets that Lennie has a mental illness and can't take full responsability for his actions.    I feel that the language was very descriptive because it was at a level that most everyone can understand unlike a lot of books. I feel that some parts of the book could have had a little more excitement but for the most part it was a great book.     I would recommend that everyone read this book. It shows how people who are slow or have mental abilities feel and act to certian situations.
B00004XOWM|4.0|I think that LB put out another good cd but it just wasn't as goood as Significant Other.  LB lacks the really hard rock.  The only songs that closely match up to Break Stuff and I'm Brock are Full Nelson and Rollin i am a little dissapointed but it still was a great cd.
1882723007|5.0|Embraced By The Light taught me to look at things and people different than I have in the past.  The book helped me to understand alot of things I have questioned and believed but never understood.  After reading, Embraced By The Light, I have a new hope and it confirmed that we are here for a purpose.  We are here to love each other and to serve a purpose greater than our understanding.  It is a great book for anyone to read.
B000002UAR|5.0|Ok, will somebody please tell me why The Beatles were not playing any of these tracks on their Tour in 1966!?! Perhaps because they couldn't get the same sound effects used in the studio as they could on stage....but still! What a great little album this is! This is easily one of the best Beatles albums of all time- but I wouldn't go so far as to say that it is the Greatest Album of all time, as some folks believe. Even my two favorite Beatles albums- The White album and Rubber Soul- wouldn't be considered the greatest, but The Beatles are by far the greatest band ever. Anyway, Revolver- an amazing piece of musical engineering. The songs that really grab me would be Taxman, Eleanor Rigby, I'm Only sleeping, Here, There, and Everyhwere, For No One, and Tomorrow Never knows- the last one because it is such an innovative song! The solid tracks would be Good Day Sunshine, Got To Get You Into My Life, She Said She Said, And Your Bird Can Sing, and Dr. Robert. The other three- Love You To (whoops! they messed up,...toO!), Yellow submarine (which is such a popular song, but unless you are 6 years old you don't really care to hear it), and I Want To Tell You (not really a bad song, but just nothing exciting about it at all- rather bland). If these three were better, I might consider it my favorite Beatles album, and maybe vote for it as the greatest of all time- but, I can't do anything about that now, can I? Oh well, still a great album, so go buy it. 5 stars.
B000001Y2U|5.0|This is Marilyn Mansons best cd! I am in love with every song on it. My favorites are &quot;The minute of Decay, dried Up Tied Up and Dead To the World &quot;Reflecting God, Man that you fear, and antichrist superstar. These are just a few of my favorites. The cd is very addicting too. I listen to this cd atleast 3 times a day. Most of the songs are about Mansons past. Like the song &quot;Kinderfeld,&quot; its about Mansons grandfather Jack Warner who did some very sick things in his basement and Manson and his cousin made these discoveries. Basicly the point im trying to make is the cd is AWESOME and I would recommend it to anyone
B00004T9UF|5.0|I'm a huge fan of Eminem and that's why I couldn't wait to get  &quot;The Marshall Mathers LP&quot;. It had leaked on the internet which made me had to have it even more. The lyrics are tight and no one can leave you wondering like Eminem. Songs like &quot;Stan&quot; tell you that there are other sides to him. Even though he does diss several people it should all be taken in fun! There are many reasons you should add this one to your collection! Mainly because if you don't he might &quot;Kill You&quot;. (Ha-just a joke, get it?)
B00000099Y|5.0|What a great and refreshing new ideas we come along in this album.  From Aenima to Hooker with a pennis, this album(like any other Tool album) provides with &quot;unique&quot; ways to say something so normal to all of us, our thoughts, our feelings...somewhere, somehow, somebody in the great plains at one time thought of making L.A. disappear.  Thats why this band, satanist or not, are loved by so many fans, they write about common things.  Undertow is a relative must if you get this album, for Sober being Tool's best song, but, if you ask me, all of their song are best.
B000002UCN|3.0|I don't give this three stars for the actual music; I give it three stars because it is an ill-conceived, useless collection.  Any real Harrison fan is also a Beatles fan, and will have all the tracks on &quot;side one&quot;.  &quot;Side Two&quot; contains only the solo singles (i.e. no strong album tracks), and includes no b-sides that aren't available on album.  In fact, the only song that a real Harrison fan can't get on the original albums is Bangla Desh, which is OK but certainly not prime Harrison.<br />Now, just a word about the state of Harrison's catalog.  Has any major artist been less well served in the CD age?  OK, his catalog was available for a while with disappointing remastering, but almost all of it has now been cut out.  I read rumors that ATMP is being remastered (remixed?) and rereleased.  Is it true?<br />Anyway, don't buy this.  It's outdated, poorly compiled and poorly remastered.  Let's just hope that Harrison will get better treatment in the future.
6301966988|5.0|This was one of my most loved favorite movies. I own it on video now and I had it on LaserDisc.  I wonder why it takes forever for certain movies to come out on DVD.  Dosen't everyone know that LaserDiscs are out and DVD's are in? I would really love this movie on DVD.  It's already out on DVD in Hong Kong what's wrong with us in USA?  This is the best COMEDY movie that Whoopi Goldberg was in that made me laugh from begining to end.  Hope to see it on DVD soon!<br />New York City
6305558167|4.0|This is an excellent English cast doing what the Brits do best - making a movie about their own history.  Although Merlin is somewhat campy figure (Nicol Williamson), he's the perfect foil for Helen Mirren who plays Arthur's sister, Morgana.  Nicolas Clay best known for his portrayal of the lover in &quot;Lady Chatterley's Lover&quot; is the ideal choice for Lancelot.  His face exudes innocence combined with forthright sexuality.  Nigel Terry playing Arthur is a newcomer who does an admirable job.  I heartily recommend this movie for those who enjoy authentic history, not Hollywood's idea of history ala the musical &quot;Camelot.&quot;
B000002UD0|4.0|Though there certainly isn't anything here as strong as Jealous Guy, Gimme Some Truth, or even Mind Games (except #9 Dream, which is CLASSIC Lennon), this is a fairly strong Lennon release.  It details the anguish Lennon was going through during his separation with Ono.  It also features his best self-produced sound (Mind Games would be a near-classic with a thoughtful remixing), so it should really shine with a good remix.<br />Besides the brilliant #9 Dream, this has the number 1 hit Whatever Gets You Through the Night with Elton John, the sprightly Surprise, Surprise, and the beautiful Bless You, an aching ode to Ono.  If all the songs were this quality, this album would be a classic, but...<br />...you can really boogie to Beef Jerky.
0767825411|5.0|I am an up and coming film maker myself, and I can honestly say that this is one of my long lasting all time favorite movies. This movie has all there is to offer. This movie has scary moments (well, they don't scare me anymore, but when I was little, those terror dogs were traumatic) it has serious moments, but more than anything, it has funny moments. The other day I felt like watching a movie, and since I had just gotten finished watching a horror movie I wanted to watch a &quot;feel good movie.&quot; And that's exactly what this movie is, a feel good movie. This movie makes someone in a temporary state of depression come out of it, it makes people feel good about themselves. And this movie also delivers 3 great actors, topping off the all star cast is Bill Murray, then there is Dan Aykroid (however you spell that) and then Harold Ramis. And the Proton Packs are really cool... :)
B00003XB8K|5.0|To put it simply, this is the second best album ever made, second only to Le Roi Est Mort, Vive le Roi. Michael Cretu is an absolute genious. His mysterious (enigmatic) lyrics, his beautiful, unique music... Words just cannot do it justice.    \\"Gravity of Love\\" is the most beautiful song ever created. \\"Push the Limits,\\" \\"Traces (Light and Weight),\\" \\"Smell of Desire,\\" and \\"Between Mind and Heart\\" are the other major standouts. The reason this album doesn't quite stand up to Le Roi Est Mort is that there are a couple songs that I could take or leave, whereas Le Roi does not have one track I don't love.    Cretu, I love you.
B00002DESX|5.0|hey all,<br />I wholly reject anyone that says The Ramones didn't start Punk. C'mon. Sid Vicious was waving their debut around saying he wanted to sound just like them. The &quot;brothers&quot; Ramone graced CBGB'S littered stage in like '74, and their self-titled debut pre-dates any UK Punk band.<br />The Ramones! Junior High...I still have ADD and their two minute blasts brought a smile to my face.  True, there are some bad songs(&quot;I Wanna Be Your Boyfriend&quot;) but for every one there's two tracks that redeem the band. Johnny Ramone didn't care if his creations only had like four chords, the boy just wanted to rock! and The Ramones early sets were only 17 minutes long...and if you wanted more? Tough!<br />Clearly outliving their Punk peers The Ramones have earned their place in history. I don't give a damn about the Rock N' Roll Hall of Fame...Rock doesn't need one! and The Ramones don't care if their leather jackets are inside the building that does Rock a great disservice.  It was a great experience seeing them. Their audience was surprisingly diverse...original first generation Punks, teens, pre-teens, and my father wearing his sweater vest dancing along to their rendition of Bobby Freeman! ha ha.<br />Dismiss any band that sounds just like The Ramones(death to The Queers!), this album is the real deal. slap it on the stereo, and dance along! oh, and pickup a guitar! the songs are easy enough to learn.....now go start a Punk band.<br />The Ramones will be missed, but certainly not forgotten.
0375501851|1.0|I couldn't finish this book.  I just got tired of the people and it didn't seem like there was really a plot.  Lots of potential, great dialog, interesting ethnic melting pot, but it lost me.
B00003CXDU|4.0|So I'm no Trekkie, but I have a friend who is and *told* me to see this film.  So I decided, with my unconscience thinking attitude (yeah I'm a Fox Mulder wannabe-sue me!) and ran down... to pick up a copy! I did!<br />And I loved it!  And still do!  Warmhearted, funny, well acted, no chessy effects, not so perfect plot.  Yet I didn't really give a darn about the plot, the characters were great! It was nice to see Tim Allen again, I miss him... the last thing I saw him in was &quot;Home Imporvement&quot; series finale and how long ago was that?  Signory (sp?) Weaver can do comedy-and I want to see more!  The cast was wonderful down to the funny looking aliens to that um... bad green guy I can't remember his name.  <br />Well pick up a copy, sit back with some butter popcorn and enjoy it!<br />DramWorks keep producing movies like this, I know that movie &quot;Evolution&quot; is coming and and I'm sooo looking forward to it!  <br />PS-Wouldn't it be funny if they did a spoof with the actors from the XF, where David Duchovny (Mulder) and Gillian Anderson (Scully) have to end up saving the world, but not as their characters-but as themselves.  Hahahaha... that would be great!<br />:)
0553106635|5.0|I've run out of superlatives to describe this series.  All I can do is tell you why I love it, and why you should read it.<br />This book is dark, darker than the first two combined, and pushes the story of the Starks vs. the Lannisters to new highs and lows.  I can't tell you much of what happens, because it seems that a new dramatic development happens with every chapter ending.  Martin has mastered the art of the middle book, in that things keep happening, certain issues are resolved, while more are created and central mysteries remain for future books.<br />BTW, you may hate me for revealing this much, but I guarantee that at least one of your favorite characters will either die or be maimed in this book.  Most fantasy authors are too chicken to kill characters.  Martin, despite having created the most dynamic, multi-layered and interesting characters I have ever read, has no qualms about doing horrible things to them.  Stephen King wrote recently that timidity can hamper a writer's prose.  Martin displays no such timidity, and A Song of Ice and Fire has been stronger for it.<br />I love the way Martin treats magic in this series.  In the first book, there are hints of long-gone magic (the dragons, Valyrian steel, the Others, etc) that are all treated reverentially but consigned to history.  Book 2 turns all of these up a notch, hinting that they may not be so far gone after all.  In addition, a strange and dangerous priestess enters the picture, a woman who is able to know and do many things that are terrifying and powerful to others in the Seven Kingdoms.  In A Storm of Swords, one gains a sense that the lifeblood of Magic is surging back into the world again.<br />Martin's fantasy has it all.  There is betrayal and politics. We see battles, journeys, tragedy and beauty.  Through it all, Martin's elegant and simple words lead us, and by the end of this novel we are treated to bigger cliffhangers than we saw at the end of &quot;Clash.&quot;  I dream of Book 4.<br />I don't care how long the books are; more pages means more story.  I love the style Martin uses; changing perspectives allows you to learn more about each character.  I have read many criticisms of this series, none of which I can agree with.  If you don't like this series, fine, but if you love fantasy and you haven't read it, you OWE it to yourself to start.<br />Trust me.br />I don't care how long the books are; more pages means more story.  I love the style Martin uses; changing perspectives allows you to learn more about each character.  I have read many criticisms of this series, none of which I can agree with.  If you don't like this series, fine, but if you love fantasy and you haven't read it, you OWE it to yourself to start.<br />Trust me.
0385484518|4.0|Everyday life can really just turn into one insignificant day after another.  This book has the special effect of jolting the reader out of this inertia.  With hundreds of inspirational/ self help books out there, it takes something really great to stand out.  <br />The author keeps the readers glued with a mix of genuine sincerity and fabulous literary savvy.  I won't be surprised if people will turn into instant bookworms after feeling the spiritual high of indulging in this masterpiece.  <br />Interesting to notice is the similarity of this book with the Og Mandino classic &quot;The Return of the Ragpicker&quot; also about an old guy taking this young guy under his wing.  I guess the loving relationships between men can be a breath of fresh air in this world that does not promote such values.  <br />I just hope that I get the chance to leave this world and really say that my life was rich with loving relationships.  But if not, maybe I'll do better the next time we meet again....
0679731377|5.0|This is not a normal book.  No plot, no storyline.  But truly exceptional.<br />I originally bought it on a whim and, expecting it to me more conventional, I nearly gave up after a couple of chapters.  What a disaster that would have been!<br />This book analyses the human condition very subtly.  Each chapter stands alone, but they are linked and several themes develop.<br />Each reader will gain different things from this book, so I will resist giving my own report, except to mention the half chapter...<br />It is an essay on love that captures the beauty and the pain exquisitely.  I have twice bought this book for broken-hearted friends solely for this half chapter, and both found it hugely helpful.<br />Barnes' writing style is thoughtful but immensely readable.  He writes as a reporter, detached but unavoidably involved in his subject matter.<br />Im tempted to suggest that this book should be standard reading in high schools, but in reality it is better suited to those who have lived a little.  A book for those reaching 30, the true coming of age.<br />Buy it and treasure it!
B00004XQP4|5.0|I think this album totally rocks. Green Day still have witty sometimes amusing lyrics but they can also play.  Misery, Minority, Blood Sex &amp; Booze, Warning are just a few of the songs that totally standout and grab you into this album. There is somewhat of a maturity to this album as oppossed to the others but along with the maturity comes some better lyrics and music
B000002L3P|5.0|THIS IS ANOTHER YOUNG GUITAR PLAYER WHO YOU CAN`T REALLY PUT IN A CLASSIFICATION OF BLUES OR ROCK BECAUSE HE`S BOTH.THIS IS A GREAT GUITAR CD,WITH EXCELLANT SONGS DEJA VOODO,BORN WITH A BROKEN HEART,AND THE ROCKER ABERDEEN.KENNY WAYNE IS A GREAT GUITAR PLAYER IN CONCERT TO HAVING SEEN HIM 2 TIMES.THIS IS MUST HAVE FOR ANY KENNY WAYNE FAN,EVEN THOUGH THIS LEAD SINGER IS NOT QUITE AS GOOD AS HIS NEW SINGER,IT`S STILL A GREAT CD.ALSO CHECK OUT LIVE ON.
B00000K0E5|5.0|In my opinion, Goldeneye was a great film, but I really did like The World is not Enough better.  Pierce Brosnan was still adjusting with the role and he didn't appear as sturdy and comfortable, but it had a very good plot, excellent villains, and a lot of action.  The supporting characters add a nice touch.  Go for this movie if you're being introduced to the 90's Bonds, but if you haven't seen The World is not Enough, I suggest you pick that up, its great.  As for the quality of the DVD, the picture has been nicely redone, but could have been a little better.  Nevertheless, great picture.  Sound is superb with some very good effects.  Be sure to pick up the N64 game of Goldeneye too if you haven't already because it is incredible.
B00004T9AF|4.0|The long form instrumental CD Tubular Bells has been Oldfield's staple album since it was originally released in 1973.  Its a fascinatingly irreverent and erratic album that shifts from classical to minimalism to rock to blues almost effortlessly.  However, after Tubular Bells, Oldfield shifted into more folky and ethereal territory, and although this seemed to alienate his American audience at the time, this shift also created the unbelievable Hergest Ridge, Ommadawn, and Incantations.  Though Tubular Bells is his most widely known, it's not his best.  There is a sparseness and lack of continuity to this album, and at times the album seems almost too playful, often sounding like instrumental noodling, unlike the structurally intricate albums to follow.  First time Oldfield buyers should check out Ommadawn.
B00138GY0I|4.0|This album has two titles because it is essentially two sets of songs, two EPs, combined into one.<br /><br />Blood On The Dance Floor consists of five songs that are “new” not in the sense of being recent creations; it’s obvious from the start that, despite Sony’s deceptive promotion, the title track is a relic from the Dangerous era; but in the sense that they’ve never been released. They’re new to us, in other words, and, with the exception of the aforementioned title track, they sound awesome. Dare I say, with no hesitation, that three of the five; Morphine, Ghosts and Is It Scary; rank among Michael Jackson’s very best. He sounds irritated, even manic, on these songs; the kid who once sang ABC is now screaming drugs, sex and murder; but the rhythms are riveting. The melodies? Magical.<br /><br />History In The Mix, which remixes selections from the History album for both club and radio play, is a lot less interesting. There are stand-outs. At least one of these new mixes, namely the Classic Frankie Knuckles rendition of You Are Not Alone, might even be better than the original. My favorite part is the singing we couldn’t hear because it faded-out on the original. “Got to stop living alone,” Michael repeats over organs and joyous synth sounds. But on the whole, this set, much like his skin, pales in comparison to what came before it. David Morales ruins This Time Around. Hani’s Earth Song omits the entire choir section. They Don’t Care About Us, the best song on History, gets lost in the mix.<br /><br />marcellee.com
0441172717|5.0|A masterpiece. I could not put this book down. If you have not read it, then READ IT!! It isn't exactly an easy, summer read. It's philosophical and that's just one of the reasons I loved it so much.
6304383851|2.0|While this version of Victor Hugo's novel is more true to the tragic story than most, this version suffers from lackluster performances, slow pacing and some awkward dubbing.  Anthony Quinn's performance in the title role suggests a cheap thug rather than the beautiful soul trapped in a hideous body.  Gina Lollobrigida is full of sex appeal as the ill-fated gypsy dancer, Esmeralda, but she comes across like too much the tart, and not the innocent of the novel.  While the photography is lovely, this film suffers in comparision to the other major versions of this classic tale.  I would recommend this film only if you want to compare it with the other versions.  Otherwise, see any of those instead.
B000002UDB|5.0|This post Sgt Pepper piece actually contained 2 songs, (Strawberry Fields and Penny Lane) which were recorded during the Stg Pepper sessions, along with &quot;It's Only A Northern Song&quot;, which was released on the Yellow Sub soundtrack.  Wow, to thinks those classics could have made Stg. Pepper even better is amazing, it's already the best album of all time, without them.  This album is still amazing, only 3 songs not being reissued on the Blue greatest hits LP, which I bought first, upon release, as a youngster. The ratings sytem by which great albums are rated cannot be applied here.  The Beatles broke the rules about how albums were made in about 1965 most of the songs were hits as opposed to one maybe two, on their contemporary's efforts.  Well this album &quot;only&quot; has 5 to 7 tracks which made the airwaves, and are still being played, right now, somewhere in Western Civilization. So it's probably a 4 out of 5 on the Beatles scale, but stacked up against most of the 1967 competition this album rates a 6 on a scale of 5. These guys are the cream of of 19th century music, and this is there potent product.
B00002R0MC|5.0|ya mon,<br />Ya no know Bob unless ya check out this ital set ! Essential Marley for every reggae fan and fanatic. Live and alternate takes complement the originals and are presented in an exquisite sequence. Top shelf sonic quality. Although the original format (long box) was superior, the music is the message - DO NOT PASS THIS UP !
B000006TRV|5.0|There is little that I can add to the many voices who have praised this great work. But I feel compelled to do so. Largely the work of composer/lyrical genius Roger Waters, the sheer scope of 'The Wall' is breathtaking in its ability to move and shock you, an effect that has not diminished as it now enters its 27th year. Mixing semi-biographical material with knowing fiction, Waters weaves a tale that is equal parts grim satire, near-operatic melodrama and gut-wrenching anger. Waters attacks the capitalist cynicism of the music business, the oftimes cookie-cutter putting-down of schoolkids, and most significantly, the complexity and pitfalls of familial and married life. And of course, the bitter futility of war, which is as relevant now as it was in 1944 or 1979. 'The Wall' has been and always will be a soundtrack for the angry and the disaffected. But don't get me wrong, there are moments of musical beauty that will stay with you long after the anger has faded. Water's voice flexes its considerable emotional range across a variety of moods. Guitarist David Gilmour's melodic lead playing sizzles with passion and power. His intensity and soaring tone makes 'The Wall' arguably his finest recorded performance. And his vocal contributions to the album also cannot be overlooked. Keyboardist Rick Wright and drummer Nick Mason make important musical contributions and Wiz Producer Bob Ezrin ties it all together into a soundscape that is timeless. 'The Wall' will take you on a journey through light and darkness, and you will emerge outside 'The Wall', like Roger Waters, better for the experience. One of Rock's true masterpieces and certainly not the least of them.
B00000637V|5.0|He's had a lot of great albums, and some bad ones, but this is still his best.  Far better than the overrated Transformer. This album, despite its obvious 1970's sound, doesn't seem dated at all.  All the songs are of equal quality, which means you can put it on and not have to skip over the weaker tracks (cuz there aren't any).  Not to mention some great album art to go along with it.  They don't make 'em like they used to...
0394800192|5.0|Out of all the books that Dr Seuss has out, this is THE ONLY book I can remember from my childhood! I immediately got this for my son and he loves it now too! He and I love Green Eggs and Ham, as well as Fox in Socks (which he finds so funny to hear especially if you try to read parts REALLY fast) this is the book that stands out the most, probably because I make him count the apples on each animals head before we start or finish each page. Its a very simple book mind you, but its a very nice story for the younger kids
B00004XONN|5.0|I've never really understood all the fuss about Radiohead, didn't see OK Computer as the life-changing event that so many others did.  But this time out, I am impressed.  This album gets my pick for album of the year.  It's not immediately accessible; it's a challenging album that requires active listening.  Far from meaningless noise, these tracks have structure, rhythm, and feeling.  Overall, it's very soothing.  If you're the type that needs your music package in neat, 3-minute, verse-chorus-verse bursts, then this ain't the record for you; go look in the Britney Spears section.
B000051VWW|4.0|It was a great surprise to see this comeback, I always had a soft spot in my heart for Sade, so my opinion is definitely biased. <br />This is a completely new sound of Sade. To many it may sound as if this album is more R&amp;B, more &quot;hip-hopy&quot; than any other. Definitely this is a more moody album, more personal and much, much more &quot;acoustic&quot; than anything Sade has come up with before. New, fresh different sound with a touch of melancholy, and always the great voice to go along with. A lot of tracks have the acoustic guitar as the main sound followed by a lazy drum rhythm. they wont make you stand up and dance like &quot;Paradise&quot; but, I think Sade fans will welcome this change with surprise. Great work.
B000002WU9|5.0|This album is a masterpiece.It's the tightest rap CD in my collection.Choice tracks:Criminology,Rainy Days,Knuckleheadz &amp; Incarcerated Scarfaces.Do yourself a favour.Buy it.
B000002AV5|5.0|As a rule you should never by best of albums, but I got this together with Sade's new release Lovers Rock, and all I have to say is , &quot;it is a crime&quot; not to own this CD, this is one of the 10 best albums of all time and if you dont have it yet, go! Go and buy it now! add it to your basket, add it to your shopping troley, add it wherever you want but definetly add it to you collection,...are you still reading? go...
6305165912|5.0|Well made, and for the most part unpredictable. Normally I am not a John Goodman fan, but his character was pretty funny. Bridges gives a bill murray style nonchalance performance and pulls it off very nicely.  When the germans are breaking into his house and he says &quot;this is a private residence&quot; I'm not sure why, but I died laughing. Other parts have a genius flair as well, like the pederest bowler Jesus and the guy who stepped over the bowling lane line and wouldn't forfeit his score of pins. Things that hold no particular component of the story but are just there because they are funny. The person who wrote the story may have just been waiting for a movie like this to give them an outlet for some extremely bright material. Definitely worth owning, The Big Lebowski is an overlooked GEM.
B000051VWW|4.0|It is obvious to me that the reviewers are striving diligently to tear this work apart for the sake of the art of critique. The reviews are so sterile. Lighten up please. If you have ever been in love you will love this CD. I am and I do.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|The no 1 songs by the greatest musical entity this world has ever known... what more can be said? Lifelong fans, you know you are going to buy this, and younger folks, buy this and listen to what sheer genius is!
B000001F5A|5.0|This is probably one of  Vangelis' least known and least appreciated musical sountracks.  How many people have even heard of this movie?  Yet it perfectly captures the &quot;sound&quot; of the icy continent of Antarctica.  I haven't seen the movie, but like any good score, just listening to the music paints a picture in my mind.  Although the music is completely electronic (the synthesizer was still a bit of a novelity at the time), it isn't too techno sounding.  It is very reminiscent of Chariots of Fire, only more ethereal.  I highly recommend it to round out the perfect collection of instrumental music.
0553106635|5.0|I loved this book, and after reading it, the only disappointment I had was that it was over.  I think that Martin does a wonderful job devolping the characters, and setting the scene, and his story flows very well, unlike Jordan's Winters Heart, which I'm reading now.  A Storm of Swords hooks the reader almost immediately, and the only problem I had while reading the book was that I had forgotten who Davos was, and his chapters seemed a little boring to me.  Other than that, I loved the book, and I would recommend it to anyone.
B0000028RR|5.0|Im a huge fan of all Rage records but this one top all his followers. Its pure energy. Zack de la Rocha raps with the fury and such anger Iver never seen before. And unlike many others singers in this genre(Limb Bizkit)his lyrics really mean something. Tom Morello makes some of the sickest sounds ever made by a guitar and the rythem-section(Timmy C. and Brad Wilk) make Rage the most powerful band ever.'Bullet in the head' starts of with a funky bass line and explodes in the end with Zak chanting &quot;A bullet in the head&quot;. My favourites are 'Take the power back','Wake Up' and 'Freedom' although i must say that all tracks are simply amazing.  Their political oppinion can be clearly seen and even if you do not agree with them you have to admit that they do something for their believes. I personally got much more interested in social matters and inform myself of whats going on in this world. INFORMATION IS POWER, THINK FOR YOURSELF
0553108034|5.0|This is the second book in this series, it is a good one for those who enjoy authors like Terry Goodkind and Robert Jordan.  It's really long, but very readable, unpredictable, and exciting.
0790740656|4.0|On paper,a movie about an entrepreneurial high school senior turning his parents' suburban Chicago home into a brothel while they're out of town sounds rather broad,but this early Tom Cruise vehicle pushes beyond the typical Teen Virgin Comedy by cleverly tapping into the &quot;greed is good&quot; zeitgeist of the ultra-yuppiefied 80's.&quot;Risky Business&quot; also presages films like &quot;The Ice Storm&quot; and &quot;American Beauty&quot; with its similar &quot;Sodom in Suburbia&quot; setting. The film benefits from an intelligent(and frequently hilarious) script and skillful visual style that separates it from the(brat)pack of John Hughes films that seem to hog most of the &quot;80's movie&quot; spotlight. While the oft-shown &quot;underwear karaoke&quot; is quite amusing, the most memorable moment occurs between Cruise and co-star Rebecca DeMornay during a late night subway ride that remains, to this day, one of the most artfully erotic love scenes in modern cinema (and no one takes thier clothes off!!)&quot;Risky Business&quot; was also one of the first MTV-influenced movies,and makes excellent use of its soundtrack music. Quintessential &quot;Eighties&quot;.
B000001XMR|5.0|Both Ileana Cotrubas and Nicolai Gedda are in fine voice for this 1971 live performance from the Vienna Staatsoper. Cotrubas, in particular, was in the early spring of her career and had just signed a three year contract with the house. All the promise of a magnificent career can be heard in her already maturing artistry and dramatic emphasis, and that, combined with the youthful bloom and beauty of her lovely, evenly placed soprano, makes this a thrilling operatic introduction. We get a generous hour and a quarter of music and the particular joy of hearing Cornell Macneil's authentic Verdian baritone in it's prime. Josef Krips conducts with rather too much enthusiasm at times, and leaves his tenor, soprano and chorus behind for a moment or two in Act 1. It's interesting to hear them musically bumping into each other and the overall musical and dramatic effect is not badly spoiled.  The recording quality is surprisingly, very good. This is a must buy, especially at the excellent price.
B000002J09|1.0|I've read some reviews here where the reviewer claimed that Beatles and Stones fans trash this album because they are jealous. That's simply not true, since if they were jealous of it that would mean that they  like it. No, the real reason why Beatles and Stones fans trash this album is because it's simply not very good.
0440211727|5.0|&quot;A Time to Kill&quot; by John Grisham is a great thriller for a mature audience.  Due to its graphic nature I recommend it for adults and those who can handle it.  The commotion all starts in a small town called Clanton located in Mississippi.  Carl Lee Hailey, the father of a small ten year old girl that is raped, beaten and demoralized by two men and she is left for dead.  Carl Lee decides to take the matter into his own hands and shoots both men down in cold blood.  Now instead of Billy Ray Cobb and Pete Willard being on trial for the rape of Carl Lee Hailey's daughter, he is now on trial for the murder of those two men.  The question is now was Carl lee justified in killing these two men or should he go to jail for it?  As you can see this book is a great thriller with many different turns in it.  It was the national best seller its first year and it will keep you on the edge of your seat.  Out of all of John Grisham's books I feel this is the best.  I have read The Firm, The Pelican Brief, A Time to Kill, and The Runaway Jury.  It's an easy book to get into and it will keep you hooked so you'll never want to put it down until you're done reading it.
B000002J1U|1.0|If these guys had decided to release an album under the name &quot;Joe and the Dudes&quot; just to see how they'd do without their already famous name, this album would be long forgotten. In fact, in this day of wonderful recording quality and post-primitive guitar technology, I cannot understand why anybody listens to 80% of Led Zeppelin's _oeuvre_. Page's guitar always sounds twangy, Plant's falsetto is only slightly pre-Bee Gees falsetto, and the rhythm section ... well, let's put it this way, I'll take Mike and Alex. What do these guys have that 10 bands since haven't had? Only fame. Yuck. I give it three stars to denote mediocrity.
6300163431|5.0|At the time of release, I was only about 12 years old, so even repeated viewings didn't fully satisfy my eagerness to understand this film.  Years later, it still stands as one of the best psychological thrillers of all time, and contains one of Mickey Rourke's last really good roles before he washed himself up.<br />It's on par with &quot;Se7en&quot; (with about a decade separating the two) in terms of atmosphere, and how successful the director is in creating it.  Alan Parker ups the ante here and never sacrifices believability thanks in part to great character performances all across the board.  Particularly De Niro, in a superb understated turn as Satan himself.<br />Add to that one of the best film-centric scores of recent memory by saxophonist Courtney Pine, and with it, your halloween viewing should be complete.  Even though most people will guess the ending before it happens, they still won't want to leave the film before that ending comes.
B000002J0B|3.0|If these guys had decided to release an album under the name &quot;Joe and the Dudes&quot; just to see how they'd do without their already famous name, this album would be long forgotten. In fact, in this day of wonderful recording quality and post-primitive guitar technology, I cannot understand why anybody listens to 80% of Led Zeppelin's _oeuvre_. Page's guitar always sounds twangy, Plant's falsetto is only slightly pre-Bee Gees falsetto, and the rhythm section ... well, let's put it this way, I'll take Mike and Alex. What do these guys have that 10 bands since haven't had? Only fame. Yuck. I give it three stars to denote mediocrity.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|I have quite an extensive CD collection and this is one album that I don't leave home without.  It's even better than their self-titled album.  I would suggest this to anyone who wants to hear some great music.  Rage puts all other rock/rap groups to shame.  I was extremely upset to hear that Zack de la Rocha left the band.  It was a sad day for the music world.
B000007XUQ|5.0|For those people out there that really have good tastes...this is by far the finest collection of Christmas music you can buy.  Absoulty superb.  Very very good.  I can't say enough!!
0920668372|5.0|This story has been sort of a family tradition for us. It was shown to me by my grandmother just before she died and the message was so touching that I went out and bought it for my daughter; only it remains with all my personal keepsakes!  I defy any parent to read this story to their child and not come away from it with a tear in their eye and squeezing their child just a little bit tighter. It is the amazing yet true story of how a child can drive a parent crazy with their behavior but the parent can still love them with all their hearts, no matter how old they get. It also shows how that love is shared in the feelings of the child. It reminds me of what my mother always said to us &quot;I may not like the things you do, but I will always love you&quot;. Someday I will pass this book on to my daughter; maybe when she has children of her own, but for now I'm buying it for a young friend of mine who with her new baby boy is just beginning to know a love so strong as one has never known before they look at the face of their &quot;very new baby... and rock them back and forth... and sing    'I'll love you forever, I'll like you for always, as long as I'm living my baby you'll be.' &quot;
068484267X|4.0|Angela's Ashes is a touching portayel of McCourts &quot;miserable Irish Catholic Childhood&quot;. It is the sad story of growing poor in Ireland. McCourt overcomes his father leaving him, starving, and constantly being in the hospital for illness. McCourt is a vivid writer and describes his childhood graphically. Overall a good book with many memorable moments.
B00005176F|5.0|This is a great CD for people who don't know enough about Blur's music to buy any specific album.  For instance I didn't know Blur wrote &quot;girls and boys&quot; so that shows how much I knew about them.  Since this was my intro to Blur it took me some time to get adjusted to this CD (their songs are so varied, going from gospel, to rock, to dance-- that's the beauty of it!), but once you give it a few listens a lot of the songs start growing on you.  I especially like &quot;there's no other way&quot; and &quot;she's so high.&quot;
B00003CXA6|3.0|Having thoroughly enjoyed Gettysburg in the theater and on VHS, I excitedly preordered it on DVD when it became available.  After watching the DVD version I am extremely disappointed in the formatting.  Such a superb visual production should demand an anomorphic letterbox format that would give the viewer the whole picture.  This DVD doesn't - it merely gives one a cheap TV-style format.  What a waste of a great movie!  I still love the movie itself but this decision by the DVD's maufacturer is a major mistake.
B0000029DD|5.0|This CD is amazing.  His voice sounds a bit like Thom Yorke's (from radiohead) and is absolutely captivating and touching.  Every single song is great.  I recommend this album to people who are into brit pop or bands like the cranberries, smiths, depeche mode, or the cure.  That list was compiled just to give you an idea of what musical genre he would best fit into.  Regardless of the list, I feel it is vital for everyone to have a CD of this kind since it is special and unique.
068484267X|4.0|Growing up in Limerick, a poverty-stricken town in Ireland, was anything but easy for Frank McCourt.  The book Angela's Ashes is an autobiographical assessment of the obstacles Frank went through as a boy growing up with an alcoholic father, strict family and religious values, and a never ending hunger for food and money.  The value in this story is not through the tragedy but rather in the lessons taught through determination, hope, and love.  This book is an inspiration to us all, proving anything is possible.  It is well worth recognition and praise.
B000002LK1|5.0|Two words describe this CD for me, SWEETEST PERFECTION.  Every song on this CD is perfect enough to be released as singles.  You will have no regrets purchasing this CD, it is an absolute masterpiece.  I'm not saying this just because I like Depeche mode, before I purchased this CD I had their 2 best of albums, the one from 81-85 and then 86-98, and my reviews were not as strong as this one.  You would expect a best of album to have a better effect that a regular album, but this is by far the best they have ever released, and by far my favorite album of all time.
6302000823|5.0|I have to say that this movie will stay in your heart forever.  It is a beautiful film, and I would recommend it to anyone. I first saw it in a films class in college, and I own the sound track which I would also give five stars.  Buy the sound track and the movie; you will not be sorry.
B00003CX9W|5.0|I saw Fantasia 2000 before a saw the original.  And I love both of them, but I think I love the original just a little bit more.  After I saw 2000, I wanted to go buy the original.  But it wasn't around.  When I found out it was coming out on DVD, I rushed out to buy it.  The &quot;Making of Fantasia&quot; feature is great!<br />1. Toccata &amp; Fugue - Rousing music, good choice for opening.  But I'm not a big fan of abstract animation.<br />2. Nutcraker Suite - Although most people like the Sorcorer's Apprentice best, I like this one the best.  The music is so catchy!  This peice's fantasy characters make me feel like a little kid again.<br />3. The Sorcorer's Apprentice - Ummm . . . Its O.K.  Its good to own since its hisotric in Micky Mouse history.<br />4. Rite of Spring - This segment rocked!  Why doesn't anyone like it?  If featured breakthrough technology for the '40s!  And the dinosaurs were so accurately drawn according to science at that time!<br />5. Intermission &amp; Sound Track - Was this stuff necisary?<br />6. Pastoral Symphony - Great music, mythological characters.  I guess it depends on your conscience for wether or not to like this one.<br />7. Dance of the Hours - LOL!  This piece was great!  I never knew Fantasia had the &quot;Camp Granada&quot; song!  And the hippos and croc are so cool!<br />8. Night on Bald Mountain - Disney went overboard on this one.  It's pretty demonic.  It's up to you one wether to watch that one or not.  I know he wanted the biggest battle of good vs.      but this was too much.<br />9. Ava Maria - Kinda hokey and religous.  It's alright.  but the multi-plain camera was put to good use.
0131103628|5.0|This is not the most comprehensive book about C for beginners, but it is a book both beginners and advanced programmers should have in their library. Why? It is concise, it gives useful examples of functions every C programmer (beginner or not) will certainly use and it is definetely the best book to start programming in C right away. It does not waste much of the reader's time showing C syntax or definitions, only the necessary. Moreover, although it is not a data structure book its fuctions correctly use data structures in a way that you will not only learn how to program in C but also will learn how to program correctly.
B00000099Y|5.0|Even after hearing this cd thousands of times, each time I hear it is like the first. You cannot grow tired of its nuances and the whole album is like a drug. If you don't have this in your collection, get it NOW.
B00000JYGX|5.0|I have never written any review before but I just have to rave about Notre Dame de Paris because it is simply AWESOME!! I'm a fan of musicals like Les Miserables, Miss Saigon and Phantom but I was totally blown away after listening to Notre Dame. It is simply the BEST.<br />Been recommending my friends to go for it but they look at me as if I'm crazy since none of us understand French. Believe me it really doesn't matter whether you speak a word of French or not ... you're just transported into a totally different world just listening to the beautiful tracks.<br />My personal favourite would be Bruno Pelletier and Patrick Fiori although I think all of the cast is simply excellent in the parts that they play. What a voice and I still get goosebumps everytime I hear the love duet (La Volupté) between Phoebus &amp; Esmeralda!! <br />My recommendation is to get the 2 CD (Live French performance) album as all the songs are simply great and the concept album has only 16 tracks in it. Can Amazon please stock up on the DVD for the live performance in Paris? I will be one of the first to get a copy of it.
B00004RGUI|5.0|This is a very nice CD featuring the sounds of water accompanied by piano.  Whether it's raining, next to a creek or in a boat calmly rowing down the river, it's always accomponied by a wonderful piano solo.  It finishes with a slow ascent to a waterfall and if you close your eyes, you'd think you were realy there.  If you love piano, you'll love this CD.
6301016289|5.0|good story, good acting...see it!
0393038912|5.0|I wish this book had been around 30 years ago when I sat through an unsatisfying course known as \\"World History\\" (it was actually just a history of Western Eurasia!).  Since I was very impressed by Jared Diamond's earlier work \\"The Third Chimpanzee\\" I hoped this work would equal it.  It surpasses it!  (In scope, clarity of thought and expression, and overarching unity it reminds me of Darwin's \\"Origin of Species.\\")  This book examines the last 13,000 years of human history, and seeks to explain the rise of civilizations -- analyzing the environmental and ecological engines driving the process.  One way to capture Diamond's investigative method (and his charming writing style) is to read his chapter titles and/or subtitles.  Some examples:  \\"Why the Inca emperor Atahuallpa did not capture King Charles I of Spain\\"; \\"Lethal Gift of Livestock:  The evolution of germs\\"; \\"How China Became Chinese\\"; \\"How Africa Became Black\\"; \\"How to Make An Almond:  The unconscious development of ancient crops\\";  \\"From Egalitarianism to Kleptocracy:  The evolution of government and religion\\".  If these give a macro view of this book, let's take some excerpts to see it in microscopic detail:  (p. 260) \\"Our adoption of food production, which required us to remain close to our crops, orchards, and stored food surpluses [was linked to] sedentary living [which] was decisive for the history of technology, because it enabled people to accumulate non-portable possessions.  Nomadic hunter-gatherers are limited to technology that can be carried.  If you move often and lack vehicles or draft animals, you confine your possessions to babies, weapons, and a bare minimum of other absolute necessities small enough to carry.  You can't be burdened with pottery and printing presses.... \\"  Yes, Diamond's uses his subtle wit to make points succinctly and tellingly!  He also uses 21 maps, 13 figures and tables, and 39 photographs to illustrate complex information simply.  The photographs depict the splendorous variety of human types, giving lie to the inadequate standard racial categories of Caucasian, Black, Asiatic, and Aborigine.  The maps depict the spread not only of wave after waves of human populations and languages, but also of their cultivated crops and livestock.  This book is a splendid synthesis.  Bring a highlighter (or pencil to underline) and travel through a fascinating voyage in \\"World History\\" -- as I wished I had studied it 30 years ago!ous variety of human types, giving lie to the inadequate standard racial categories of Caucasian, Black, Asiatic, and Aborigine.   The maps depict the spread not only of wave after waves of human populations and languages, but also of their cultivated crops and livestock.  This book is a splendid synthesis.  Bring a highlighter (or pencil to underline) and travel through a fascinating voyage in \\"World History\\" -- as I wished I had studied it 30 years ago!
B00000JPH4|4.0|This is an excellent movie for kids over the age of 8-10; it's so scary to little people, (My own grandchildren freaked out @ 6 and 7! I thought it would be OK because I was explaining how they were just puppets, blah, blah.  Perhaps your own children/grandkids are not as naive, but, none-the-less a word of warning, now they love it, but it's years later and they appreciate the work that went into the making of it.)  I was dissappointed in the grainy, less than great color of the VHS version.  I was told not to buy the DVD before Christmas, so I may get it as a gift.  The DVD customer reviews sound like the color and sound are much more detailed and clear.  I'll wait.<br />Enjoy the faces and places that came from Jim Henson and Frank Oz' imagination, we won't get to enjoy Jim's anymore.  The movie itself can be a tad bit slow in parts, but the overall effects with the great puppetry-awsome.   The story is a little predictable, but I don't watch everything expecting to have a brainstorm from it. This is a kick-back, check it out movie for a dark, rainy day.
B00004XONN|4.0|No Kid A, isn't OK Computer but that's not a bad thing. All of the tracks on this album are brilliant and despite what you may have read; they will grow on you and get under your skin. Kid A is certaintly the most interesting and beautiful album of the year, if not the best. I went back and listened to OK Computer for the first time since Kid A was released and it actually is starting to sound a little dated. If you love music, you'll love Kid A.
068484267X|4.0|The book Angela's Ashes includes love, hate, death, and poverty to such great extent that the book is a tragedy.  This tragedy encompasses the childlike year of the author's life (Frank McCourt).  Where he is born in New York, and later move to Ireland where their living is even worse than before.  Frank goes through a life of poverty while living in an atmosphere where the death of loved one's is a regular occurrence.  He watches his two brothers, sister, grandmother, and lover all die.  At the same time Frank deals with a drunken father, who drinks away all of the family money while the rest of the family starve.  This dysfunctional family nevertheless, doesn't it's best to stay alive and in the end makes it through just taking one day at a time.  Frank although doesn't follow the trend of his father, instead he saves enough money to travel to America and start a new life.
B00004ZAV3|4.0|When I was a kid my parents would talk about The beatles and play the Beatles in our house..My mom especially..and my Dad for one birthday make a tape w/ some of the Beatles songs on it..I just thought good songs and catchy beats..But then after watching all this stuff about their anniversary..I bought this album and let me tell you its been stuck in my cd player ever since and I just love it..The songs are haunting..especially Yesterday, Eleanor Rigby, Come Together..If you know History or have been told how it was during that time..you have a better understanding of what power the beatles had and still have for all the people that are just learning about them..their songs are much more then catchy tunes and nice beats..but what that time was and how things changed..I love this cd and I appreciate the Beatles alot more then I did..I also have a better understanding for what my parents went through when they were my age. How lucky they were to see the world changed dramatically..
068484267X|4.0|The book Angela's Ashes includes love, hate, death, and poverty to such great extent that the book is a tragedy.  This tragedy encompasses the childlike year of the author's life (Frank McCourt).  Where he is born in New York, and later move to Ireland where their living is even worse than before.  Frank goes through a life of poverty while living in an atmosphere where the death of loved one's is a regular occurrence.  He watches his two brothers, sister, grandmother, and lover all die.  At the same time Frank deals with a drunken father, who drinks away all of the family money while the rest of the family starve.  This dysfunctional family nevertheless, doesn't it's best to stay alive and in the end makes it through just taking one day at a time.  Frank although doesn't follow the trend of his father, instead he saves enough money to travel to America and start a new life.
0399146253|4.0|I almost gave up, but once you pass the tedious beginning (which is very important to the rest of the book) you will find the best Scarpetta story yet!  I just hope the next one finds all of the group together, whatever Kay ends up doing with her life.
0671578855|4.0|Miles is out to conquer the world -- or at least his lady's heart.  But, its not just a romance, but a complex social and political restructuring that requires Miles to maintain his wits about him.  And, with the hapless mistakes of a youngster in love, he loses his wits frequently.  So he tumbles through the arena he's previously sailed through -- providing us with a unique perspective on the beloved character.  I highly recommend this book, but suggest starting with the first of this series, so that the comparisons are more clear.
1573228214|5.0|I admit that I saw the movie before I read the book and (with all due respect to John Cusack) the book is far superior to the movie.  Howlingly funny, the narrator mourns his latest break-up by going through his all-time top five worst breakups and along the way waxing poetic on his favorite music.<br />What makes this such a great novel, though, is that the humor is balanced with true insight and some very touching realizations on the nature of love.  <br />Funny, touching, and true--isn't this how all books are supposed to be?  This is a great book for anyone who has gone through a hideous breakup, which is to say that I would recommend it to pretty much everyone.
B000002VQQ|5.0|This record is justly considered a foundational, towering masterpiece, and the best thing she ever made.<br /><br /> I can only add two points.  First: her command of dramatic song structure is evident on every track.  The fast numbers are literally explosive, and even slow numbers like -Birdland- build up to mighty peaks.<br /><br /> The songs here contain the finest imagery she ever wrote.  Much more so than some of her later records, the songs on this record are stories that draw the listener's imagination into their hallucinatory landscapes.  Some of the stories are disturbing, some of them are transformative, but all of them are compelling.
B00004YB9Y|4.0|Anyone who is a fan of The Three Tenors will find this CD indispensable.  I share other reviewers' concerns about the inaccuracy of Pavarotti's English, and I would add his German is not that much better.  The recording is quite rich and well detailed, although as mentioned elsewhere the singing has too much forte and not enough mezzo voce.  The orchestral playing of the Vienna Symphony is respectable as is the conducting of Steven Mercurio.  The contributions of the Gumpoldskirchner Spatzen Children's Choir are very distinguished indeed and quite a pleasant surprise.<br />I was somewhat dissapointed with the very minimal documentation in this recording, which has little more than several photos of the Tenors in various parts of the Vienna Konzerthaus. Considering the price of this issue there should have been some translations of the songs which were not rendered in English. I also feel the performance of John Lennon's Happy Christmas, done in an arioso style with a rather questionable orchestral arrangement, did not add to the progamme but rather detracted from it. It was regrettable that track was not performed solely by the excellent choir.<br />Taken as a whole, it remains an enjoyable issue.
B000002J0B|5.0|This album totally reminds me of my (hippie) parents..  I was 4 when it was released and I must have heard it a million times since it came out.  It was nice to hear Zep start to make an attempt to expand their musical stylings beyond Missipi-style blues and full-on rockout mode.  I mainly listen to reggae, jazz and hip hop now, but I still bust this album out on the regular.<br />Although the clunky attempt at reggae on D'yer Ma'ker sounds a little corny to me now (I've definitely refined my tastes since my preschool days) every song on this album is a gem- especiallyOver the Hills and Dancing Days.<br />This is the kind of album I give to my friends who only listen to R&amp;B and hip hop.  Even they can appreciate its beauty.
B00004STPT|5.0|From start to finish, this sndtrk really makes you feel like you're in the theater watching it.  The battle music on this cd is great and the softer music is just as good.  The opening is great; it really gets you hyped for the rest of the movie.   Buy this cd! You won't regret it.   Buy the movie too!
B000051VWW|4.0|Are there really people out there saying &quot;Lovers Rock&quot; is wack?  That Sade has finally gotten boring???  They need to listen and re-listen to this album and then they will undoubtedly change their tune.<br />I think what's throwing people off is the lack of highly orchestrated and intricate music that we've come to expect from Sade's band.  The instrumentals on &quot;Lovers Rock&quot; are very different from earlier albums.  While they're still complex and beautiful, they're extremely spare when compared to earlier compositions like &quot;Paradise&quot; or &quot;Is It a Crime&quot;.  There are a lot of acoustic guitars here, some tablas and, above all, Sade's voice- which has actually gotten a lot stronger (she doesn't sound nearly as flat as she did on &quot;Love Deluxe&quot;).<br />As usual, Sade's lyrics are quietly fatalistic and morose.  She's like the world beat equivalent of a goth queen.  Oh- the &quot;best&quot; songs on the album (and there are no truly disappointing ones) are Every Word and the title song.
B000002J7U|5.0|The first several times listening to this CD may put you  into a &quot;State of Shock&quot; because it is very Spectacular &amp; Overpowering. It's like a musical miracle. I can relate to other reviewers comments about- Creation of the Universe and- floating in air, because this CD is very visually  stimulating as well. Ask the mountains is very original.  While listening to this I once visualized (while closing my eyes) seeing a female ghost like angel come down from the mountains speaking to me and fading in and out &amp; moving around, appearing and disappearing strangly, ect... It's the same way with the other tracks-&amp; all kinds of wonderful sound effects. Voices &amp; Echoes are exceptional records that I have listened to countless times. Vangelis is the World's greatest living musician &amp; composer. Consider this CD before you consider anything else.
0385484518|4.0|This book simply tells us how far off our priorities are. It takes just a couple of days to read, but will probably change the way you think about yourself, family, friends,the world around you, and life versus death. This is a story about a man dying and a new life beginning with the author and you the reader.  Read this book.
B00000JMQE|4.0|I remember seeing this one at the theatre back when It first came out (I was about 6).  I remember finding it a bit scary but really liking it.  I happend to see this for sale here the other day and it brought back some of those childhood memories.  I have since purchased it and can say that it's still a good movie.  I like the darker twist in this one, the first was a little too la de da .
0780631684|3.0|I was actually surprised, this is a 4 star story line which is only brought down to an average of 3 because of the weak cast.  Worth watching though, if you don't mind recasting the movie in your head after, it may be one of the best plots for a movie in a long time. The producers had it right keeping the ending as it plays in the movie.  The additional material shows an alternate ending well worth watching, along with test screening footage.  You'll realize that the movie was worth the price because of this.  I have it in my collection for the great special effects in the beginning.  This movie is predictable in an unpredictable way.  There are a couple of scenes where you may grab your lover.   If you want to induce fear of flying in a friend, show it before their next trip (use slow motion to scare the hell out of them).<br />Great sound and visual quality.  DVD features make it worth owning even if your not into sci-fi.
0783230079|5.0|I'm not someone who usually watches these types of movies, but after the first time I saw Heart &amp; Souls it seemed to have left a mark on me.  It left me with a good feeling inside. I bought it on VHS a few years back and now own it on DVD.  This movie wasn't really big at the box office which is kind of a shame since you don't see movies of this quality every day. This movie is good to watch with your family, your spouse, or just by yourself if your looking to feel a little bit better.  I would definatly reccomend that you watch this movie and let it make it's mark on you.
B000000OSE|1.0|Since Amazon was reluctant to post my original, harsh review, I decided to listen to this album again and give it another chance, and man does it suck! I was especially revolted the awful cover of that wretched Wings tune, `Live And Let Die', a song so lame that I even disliked it back in the days when I thought the Beatles were geniuses.
0064407667|1.0|Ugg!  This was the most awful book I've ever read in my entire life!  NOT!!!!!!!!!!  This book is a very very great book.  None of the endings are happy ones.  But let me warn you parents, the 2nd book has two curse words in it.  (Their one page 94 and 96).  Just to let you know.  Please be cautious.  I won't even let my little sister read that book until I cross out those nasty words.
B00003CXA6|5.0|With the opening credits, you begin to feel the sorrow, pain and heroic scope this movie brings to the screen.  The most important and bloodiest battle in American history can never be trivalized.  This movie pays full respect to the men who fought, died and survived this epic contest, both sides, without making the usual Hollywood mistakes when retelling important events in history.  As the majestic scenes of men moving in long gray and blue lines unfold, the main characters step forward.  This is done without obscuring the real heroes: the average man, Federal and Confederate, who made the ulimate scarifice.  If you are looking for a movie that presents the real story of the Civil War, &quot;Gettysburg&quot; should be at the very top of the list.
B00004YA66|5.0|riveting and full of action...it holds the viewer's interest completely...i had to really pay attention just to keep up with all the time shifts, i am actually suprised that it wasn't at the box office longer...
B000021Y77|4.0|Run Lola Run is a fun, fast paced, and uniquely styled movie.  <br />The plot centers around Lola frantically trying to get money and deliver it to her boyfriend within 20 minutes.  <br />The movie repeats three such attempts, all with Lola starting at the same place, but with very different results each time -- not only for her, but for others in her wake.<br />The plot sounds basic but is actually fast paced with lots of interesting and, after the first pass, familiar scenes with twists, how bystanders in the background are affected by her passing, etc.<br />Imagine if today at breakfast you spilled some milk, which delayed you by 30 seconds in leaving your house, which placed you in an intersection in your car 30 seconds later, which caused you to narrowly avoid a collision...  Now reset the day, don't spill the milk... What happens now?<br />Each of the three Run Lola Run sequences is off just a little, but then you see the differences to Lola (and passers in the street) created by these subtle changes...  <br />Fascinating to watch and insightful into how much each of us can ultimately (and unknowingly) affect each others lives.<br />The soundtrack to the movie is excellent and maintains the fast pace of the movie superbly.<br />I liked the start of each of the three sequences when Lola starts running down the hall of her house.  The camera view follows her and then spins off away from her path into the living room where her mother is sitting -- analogous to a wind vortex spinning off the edge of an airplanes wing and affecting passing bird -- sets the stage nicely for the scenes to follow.<br />Run Lola Run is an excellent cause and effect movie.  It doesn't get hung up in time travel, sci-fi, or even why this is happening.  It is just a fun ride, great visuals, music, and a little food for thought along the way.<br />The movie is best watched in the original language (German) with subtitles turned on as necessary.  The subtitles were clear and easy to read atall times.<br />Definitely worth watching.
0140042520|4.0|'The Dharma Bums' is a tale of social dropouts in California who search for Buddhist enlightenment and truth (dharma) amid wine, sex, hitchhiking and mountain scenery. It's a good introduction to Kerouac - shorter, lighter and more accessible than On the Road, which is a more epic but also has some monotonous bits. <br />If religious certainties turn you off, you might tire of dharma-bum narrator Ray's Buddhist slogans and the dogmatic Zen views of Japhy, Ray's buddy. But though Kerouac portrays Buddhism as liberating, he also laughs a lot at kooky piety. At some points - like Ray's 'banana sermon' - religion becomes either profound or hilarious, or both. <br />Ray tries to reach nirvana by convincing himself the world's an illusion, which makes it ironic that the best bits in this novel are poetic descriptions of mountains and travel. The final lonely mountain-top vigil - based on Kerouac's experience as a fire lookout, described in Lonesome Traveller - is a tour de force. Kerouac's prose flair allows him to string 10 adjectives in front of a noun, a heinous crime in modern writing fashion, and get away with it. <br />Kerouac balances Ray and Japhy's Buddhist belief that the world is illusory against the earthbound views of world-weary poet Alvah Goldbook, a thinly veiled Allen Ginsberg. Alvah's quest to soak up his surroundings rather than transcend them puts him closer to the philosophy of On the Road, in which the travelling bums reach a jubilant but sad-hearted state of raw appreciation of their phsyical world. <br />Through the Ray-Japhy-Alvah triangle and all the minor characters, 'The Dharma Bums' gives various answers to Kerouac's big question in this and other books: how to lead a free existence in a conformist careerist consumerist society. Fifty years later, the question's got more vital. Youthful rebellion and boheme are just marketing motifs for soft drinks, CDs and snowboards now, but Kerouac shows you it's possible to be authentically free - if you have the guts.
6303433766|5.0|From out of nowhere, seemingly, came this, one of the most absolutely original and astonishing films of the 1990s. Peter Jackson's film takes as its starting point the real-life murder committed by two teenage girls in Christchurch, New Zealand in the 1950s, but transforms it into a brilliant meditation on the role of escapism and fantasy in daily life and their sometimes devastating consequences. The film takes you into the bizarre Brontsque fantasy worlds of the two young women, Pauline Rieper and Juliet Hulme, as they come to turn to each other for support against the dreadful realities of adolescence and their parents' unhappy lives, and allows you to feel their mounting intensity of hysteria as their dreamworld spins out of control. Lynsket is remarkable as Pauline, but the real find in this film was Winslet, whose ripe beauty only enhances her complex portrayal of Julie, replete with all the paradoxical sensuality and innocence, charm and spitefulness, of a young woman on the verge of adulthood but avoiding the responsibilities it will entail. The ending of the film has haunted me for years. Don't miss it.
B00003CWL6|5.0|Stunning! Brilliant! Ignore the add campaign, just go see it.  The acting is fabulous, especially Spacey, but the entire cast is superb.  The writing is sharp, and not a moment is wasted.  All the characters are complicated and well drawn.  This is a movie about one of my favorite subjects: the way our society rewards the worst in us and destroys people I can't say enough good things about this movie. JUST GO SEE IT.  Without a doubt the best movie of the year!<br />&gt;A+
0790749815|5.0|Warner Bros. has outdone itself with this new, pull-out-the-stops, first-class presentation of one of Hitch's best films.<br />  When I first read that Warners had rights to the film and would subsequently be releasing the DVD, I was nervous. Though the studio has championed the format from its very inception, I remained concerned that they would simply rehash the laserdisc transfer from a few years back and issue the title in their &quot;bargain&quot; DVD line due to the age of the film, and thus consign Hitchcock fans to suffer the ignominy of seeing &quot;North by Northwest&quot; denied the top flight treatment lavished by Universal Studios on the Hitchcock titles they control. (Universal's stubborn refusal to re-issue the impressively restored &quot;Vertigo&quot; in anamorphic should be a crime, however.)<br />But what a surprise this disc turned out to be!! Warner Bros. was paying attention, and one-upped Universal with this terrific effort. Simply stated, the picture quality on this disc is ASTONISHING. This is without question the best this film has ever looked - and that has only partly to do with the resolution and stability of digital video. A completely new print has been struck, and cleaned up - indeed, it is doubtful the film looked this good on its opening night premiere. There's hardly a nick or scratch to be seen, and grain is totally absent. It's as if they took a giant sponge and wiped years of age-induced desaturation away. <br />Anamorphically enhanced, the DVD's compression is excellent - blacks are velvety and rich, color is deep and vibrant, and edge enhancement (which results in unnatural &quot;shimmer&quot;) is seemingly non-existant. For a film of this vintage, the image is nothing short of eye-popping, especially if the DVD player's component video outputs are used. Hopefully, this should raise the bar for Universal, whose releases (save for &quot;Vertigo&quot;) of Hitch's films have tended to be grainy and a bit nicked-up in areas, thoughcertainly still bettering any previous video incarnations. All the special features in the world don't make a difference if the print of the movie itself isn't presented in the best way possible. Make no mistake, the Universal releases look good - very good - but not as good as this one does.<br />  If you're a Hitchcock fan like me, owning this film is a no-brainer. If you're a film fan at all, this classic deserves - no, demands - a place in your collection. That Warner Brothers has paid it proper respect with a DVD of this quality (not only is the transfer sparkling, but the extras are rich in content and well done, too) is something that, like the film, is truly wonderful.
630587493X|1.0|I spent the beginning of this movie waiting outside the theater for the flea, and boy am I glad that I did. Afterward I was really glad to have missed any of this tedious, endless mess. Easily the worst movie I've seen this year, it made BATS seem witty by comparison. Trite, trifling and dull, this movie is simply syrupy sentimentality at it's worst. OH! To be human! Even Star Trek The Next Generation did this shtick better. Could these really be based on Asimov? tMoby fell asleep, I only wish I could've. Sheer torture, by the end you'll be praying for Robin Williams's death, or maybe for your own.
B000002618|5.0|&quot;Hey&quot; is by far the best album Julio Iglesias has ever recorded.  It is wonderfuly ochestrated and a pleasure to listen to.  If you can only get one of his cd's, this is the one.
0780628551|1.0|Do yourself a favor and miss this flick.  Johnny Depp returns from space after a trivial incident ('we lost contact for two minutes'-oh my!) and spends the rest of the film walking around acting like he's waiting for something to happen.  His wife, suspicious of him for unknown reasons, might or might not be nutty.  The other characters are barely in the film at all, although the obnoxious society women are the best part. I guess there was supposed to be some doubt as to whether Johnny Depp was an alien or not, the screenwriter seemed to think there was, but I didn't.  The add campaign, which included some revealing dialogue which was apparently cut from the film (perhaps to maintain the imaginary ambiguity) left little doubt.  I kept thinking, &quot;Yeah yeah, he's an alien, can I go home now?\\"  I spent the whole time waiting for the movie to start, then it ended.
B00000J6AG|2.0|Why isn't this guy on the Wyndham Hill label? Lightweight music and, in the liner notes, lightweight musings. Not necessarily bad, but I don't own an elevator.
6305718954|2.0|If you've seem the trailer, you've seen the film, not much more happens and all of it boring.  The possession stuff is interesting, but as soon as the heroine is OK again you may as well go to sleep.  The tepid attack on the Catholic Church is the films only saving grace, but sadly, the Catholics I know weren't even insulted.
B00003CXDG|2.0|MI2 is an okay film. It has some very good action sequences, especially at  the end, all covered pretty well by John Woo's direction (although, unfortunately, his slow-mo  style becomes a parody of itself). The scenery and set pieces are nice, adding to the international feel of the IMF  organization, the kind of diversity we see in  Bond films.<br />But it's very disappointing, especially considering how  inventive the Brian DePalma original was (can't beat that ultra-fast bullet train finale). It's kept from being great  for many reasons. First of all, having a full-fledged romance plot between Cruise and Thandie Newton was a bad  mistake. There are no scenes that develop the characters of Ethan or Nyah, it's just extended from the isolated, spur-of- the-moment sleeping scene. Therefore, there's no point in extending it to the length it is. It would've been better  to keep the &quot;romance&quot; on the level of the temporary eloping that James Bond always engages in. At least  then it wouldn't interfere with time that could be spent on action.<br />Second, the film is denied so much potential from  the fact that it has to be a PG-13 film. Action films are just better when there aren't these restrictions placed  on how much you can show. As it is, MI2 suffers greatly from being a PG-13 film, because it's not satisfying seeing  the action like this: (1) Ethan shoots his gun, and (2) it cuts to a guy falling down- you never see where the  bullets go. You never actually see them enter anyone. This is such a huge mistake on the filmmakers' parts.<br />More on the  action: I was surprised at how little action there actually was. There are two brief scenes at the beginning (the  plane crash and the short car chase), and then there's a long, barren stretch of about an hour before we see any real  action again. Where's the balance? There's  a big, 15-minute action finale at the end, and I'm all for that, but at  least sprinkle some smaller sequences throughout the rest ofthe movie.<br />Furthermore, the action itself is good,  quite good at times, but nothing original or special. Sometimes it got repetetive, and other times it even ripped its  prequel off, like when Hunt descends down into a building on a rope, thus mimicking the security-room break-in scene  from the original. The best sequence of the film is the final fight on the beach, and even then, it never reaches  the level of great. That martial arts kickfest tries to be a fraction as entertaining as a typical fight in The  Matrix. Take that scene, multiply the content and complexity by five, and speed everything up, and you have one of the  many typical fights in The Matrix. (This proves yet again that creating good action requires just as much thought and effort as creating a good story.) My point is, in a time when action films are really staking new ground and becoming  so unique, uninspired action like the stuff in MI2 just isn't special enough anymore to be called really good.
B00000I952|4.0|This is a great album. For Ginny: &quot;Andante, Andante&quot; is avalible on &quot;Super Trouper&quot;. Check it out...
B00004RFFI|1.0|Well, it's a nice wide-screen version but my DVD has NO behind the scenes documentary, NO audio commentary, and NO music video. Well, I don't careabout the video but I bought the thing for the commentary and it isn't there. This disc is mis-packaged. Ofcourse it's impossible to even contact Warner Bros. about it. Nothing worse than relaxing at the end of theday with your latest DVD and finding that all you purchased was a giant HASSLE.
B00004X01U|3.0|Madonna is an artist who changes her entire image as easily as a chameleon changes its colors. Come to think of it, she is rather like a chameleon herself, changing herself to fit the surroundings so that she can still excel and survive in today's rather fickle music world. To that, I say kudos.<br />On to the album: Why I found this album to be extremely impressive is because, unlike most people, I did not anticipate it. I got it for the hell of it, and have to admit that, after the first listen, stuck out my tongue and thought a majority of the tracks wasn't music as the title suggests, it was plain ol' noise! However, after a few more careful listens, you can really see the genius behind the man who is Mirwais. Why, then, did I rate this CD with only 3 stars when I rave about its excellence? That's because it isn't really Madonna - it's Mirwais. <br />Vocal distortions are maximized throughout the set, but they are very artistically done. I had a friend mention to me, however, that this was rubbish because if this was what was called singing, then you could alter any voice to suit the melodies. But this isn't about singing, really - it's music, if you can call it that. Many a music lover cringe when electronic gizmos are used to produce little beeps and twangs as is abundant in this record. But isn't music a collection of sounds, anyway?<br />For that, the album has brought a new meaning to electronica. You can do so much more than just standard vocal distortion. Think of it as modern art in the music language. From high frequency beeps in the title track to tempo resets in &quot;Nobody's Perfect&quot; to shocking stops in &quot;Don't Tell Me&quot;, we have a winning combo in Mirwais and Madonna.<br />Lyrically, however, this takes a dive. But hey, who's really listening to what's been said when all you wanna do is tap your feet and bop your head? It's not completely lost though, tracks such as &quot;What It Feels Like For A Girl&quot; and &quot;Gone&quot; are clear enough while delivering the message. I mean, compare these to &quot;I like to sing-y, sing-y, sing-y like a bird on a wingy, wingy, wingy&quot; and you'll catch my drift.
B000000JO3|5.0|o.k i had the out of step tape when i was in middle school, and i listened to it more than any other band. granted, a young, easily influenced kid may like any music with a decenting point of view.  i got this cd about a year ago; i had not heard minor threat for a least seven or eight years.  unlike most of the music i have revisited from my youth, it actually exceded my recolections.  minor threat is beyond any review from a white trash wanna-be.  buy this cd - if you sincerely dont like it i will buy it from ya.- scratch that, just keep listening to it until you do. spero13@email.msn.com
B000050HTO|4.0|Let's face it ! We all have our own ideas about which tracks constitute &quot;Essential Dylan&quot; , but in any case , any self-respecting fan would already be in posession of whatever tracks he considers essential. This is not a bad sampler when you consider that it's intended for the uninitiated or apprentice-type fan , and taking into account that it contains some of the better , more recent material , it is probably a better buy than one of the 'greatest hits' collections.
B00004Z4WQ|1.0|I am usually very open to spoofs and parodies but Scary Movie disgraces the genre. It could have been done really well, since it is an interesting idea for a movie but the use of nudity, sexual inuendoes, and crude bathroom jokes makes the movie unbearable to watch. If you really want to see a good, funny movie, buy Robin Hood, Men in tights or anything by Mel Brooks
0553208845|5.0|I read \\"Siddhartha\\" when I was in my later 20's.  It had a very large influence on me.  Probably because it was the yin/yang opposite of my Ayn Rand influences.  I have read \\"Siddhartha\\" several times since and I find myself identifying with a similar path in life.  Only now, nearly 40, am I beginning to understand listening to the river as Siddhartha had done.  I have also read different English translations and find that each one has a slightly altered meaning, perhaps giving me a better sense of the original writings.  All of Hesse's books have astounded me, though \\"Magister Ludi\\" also titled the \\"Glass Bead Game\\" I find to be a much deeper book on the ways of the society, whereas Siddhartha is more about the search for meaning of our inner self.  Magister Ludi likewise has given me an insight into the nature of our world and our place in society.  \\"Journey to the East\\", a simple book of a man trying to find his right path is often in my mind as I follow what sometimes seems a lost path, only to find that it was my right path all along.
B000002GJH|5.0|Yes its true that these songs aren't &quot;slick&quot; but dont get the impression that they're not brilliantly arranged and produced.  Today's rock bands could learn a lot from TOTD. They might realize that a rock song can be powerful without playing power chords through the whole thing. Furthermore, Matt Cameron is a genius.
B00004Y6Q5|5.0|OK CREEPY!  Much as I hate to give anything on here 5 stars (since EVERYTHING GETS 5 STARS), I needed to give it to this.  This music is inside my head. Inside my body. Inside me.  IT'S CREEPIN ME OUT! I can't stop. I saw the movie two days ago (have seen only Pi since then)and was knocked flat by the movie -- eventually. At first I was numbed. Then I bought this. This climbs inside your head and starts pulling little strands of your gray matter s l o w l y apart.  But it's good. It's taking me over.  It's also beatiful, many times.  The strings can be wonderfully dark warm red.  It's probably the best instrumental movie soundtrack that I know of since 2001, (Virgin Suicides, although nice, simply cannot count, esp. since there are no strings, just synths) which I believed to be the only soundtrack of it's kind.  Evocative. Chilling. Real.  This is giving it some tough competition.  I listened to it last night before I went to bed (slightly out of my mind) and the abrupt changes in musical style as well as the &quot;storyline&quot; that the tracking order manages to accomplish, along with my pitch black basement, made me feel as though I were reliving all I had seen.  It tore me apart. Then I fell asleep.  Careful. If you buy it, it will BECOME YOU!
B000006TRV|5.0|Pink Floyd is one one of the most talented bands ever to play an areana.  This album is really amazining. The music and muscicianship showcases incredible lyrics,vocals, and muscinanship.  This cd makes you think and will keep you locked in till you get to the only bad song, \\"waiting for the worms.\\"<BR>This album has a lot of different themes behind it which makes it fun to listen because you can listen and try to figure what the whold \\"Wall,\\" is really about. If you're into floyd then you probaly have this, but in you're a new fan then I highly recommend picking this up. Once again this is some incredible stuff.  This has to be one of the best albums ever recoreded.  Bands today just don't make albums like this which is sad. On mtv it seems that a lot of the bands today have the same style. This is a concept album so that means that the songs run together so you have to listen to the whole thing.  Sure some of the songs couldn't be on the radio and some don't make sense but give it time, you will love it. <BR>-Peace out to all my freakout friends.
0195067142|5.0|This fascinating and sometimes shocking book is a must have for any WWII history buff. Some of the Author's recolations are truely unforgetable. I've read a lot of books on the war but this has to be one of the five best.
B00004YB9Y|3.0|At first I wondered if it was just the nuances of a live recording that made so many of the lyrics sound odd, but after seeing the program on PBS I discovered they're simply wrong much of the time. This wouldn't normally be a big deal but these guys are all respected opera stars - well practiced in singing in foreign languages! I don't think the many obvious mistakes in such familiar lyrics should be so easily dismissed or excused when you consider the stature and reputation of the Three Tenors. The orchestration and chorus are lovely, and I like the selections for the most part but I wish they'd put more time into rehearsal and not just knocked it out quickly for a quick sale. This won't be one of my often-repeated discs for this or future Christmas seasons, but playing it for little kids and watching them squeal at the 'silly words' will add to holiday amusement!
B00004XOWM|1.0|I cannot believe I said this album was good!! IT'S THE WORST PILE OF JUNK IVE HEARD IN THE LAST FEW YEARS!! DONT BUY IT!! If you're a Limp Bizkit fan, you've probably never experienced actually good music, so stop listening to this!!
B0000524CY|4.0|OH MY GOD! Watch this movie with a big blanket! I have abandoned my Christian beliefs after viewing this movie! I never saw the previous version of this horror-laden movie, and this is so frightening. Now I am so freaked! I often find myself staring in the mirror wondering when I will be possessed by an unscrupulous demon from below.  I often stare long enough that I start to see my face slowly transform from my beautiful face to that of the demonic ghoul, John Ritter....although once I saw myself transform in to Gary Busey.  Furthermore, I find myself acting out the viscous deeds that these men have carried out in films such as &quot;Problem Child 2&quot;, starring Mr.John Ritter  and &quot;Rookie of the Year&quot;, starring Mr.Gary busey. Please use caution in viewing this DVD when it releases after Christmas (how convenient), but just see it once and judge for yourself.
0140386335|5.0|Bastian is the dreamer drawn into the enchanted world of Fantastica which is built on the dreams of humans. The evil is simply known as the &quot;Nothing&quot; a symbolic metaphor of the emptiness that eats away everything.Replete with human emotions and sensitivity the story is fascinating and immensely original. Atreyu the warrior from the plains,Falkor his luck dragon, Ortex,the child-like empress, the evil ygremal and gmork every character weaves a story of astounding complexity but at the same time retains an almost child -like innocence. The places are a visual treat . The  howling Forest,swamps of sadness,Desert of Shattered Hopes,the ivory tower, the southern oracle.....  The Never ending story is a powerful book which will leave you no better than a child with a  smile on your face and a twinkle in your eye
0553106635|5.0|A series has arrived which stands head and shoulders above the rest. I received my copy of A Storm of Swords the day before Thanksgiving and didn't put it down until I was done. From Wednesday evening to Friday afternoon I was completely entranced and nothing could pry me away. I have not had such a wonderful reading experience since I picked up my first copy of Dune many years ago.     Martin has given us a realistic and spellbinding tale which will draw you right into the thick of every battle and plot. The characters are richly developed, and the fact that anyone can lose their head just adds more excitement to every page.      If there is anyone you know who likes to read but has never read fantasy fiction, this series will solve that problem. Both of my sisters are avid fans of romance, true crime and mystery, but tend to avoid fantasy and sci-fi. When I presented them each with a copy of A Game of Thrones (Book 1 in this series) their initial reaction was doubtful. Two days later, my oldest sister had bought A Clash of Kings and had pre-ordered A Storm of Swords from Amazon.com. Sadly enough, she even received her copy of A Storm of Swords before I did.      The sheer scope of this epic is breathtaking and the plot is more than sufficiently surprising. If you have any doubts about whether you should start reading this series, then lay them to rest. I would hate for anyone to miss out on simply the best fantasy epic ever.
0441172717|5.0|The economic/political/religious/science-fiction is amazing. I read it and it is electrifying. the rest of the series is a little worse, but is still great. This book makes a lasting impact and requires to be reread at least twice. I was watching the series before and I would cringe and get angry every time the actors got a term wrong or a piece of plot was missed. If you liked 1984 or Starwars this is the book for you.
B00004XONN|5.0|There were three words in the first review (from an &quot;important music publication) i read of KID A, words i have seen echoed in other reviews. The words were &quot;Challenging&quot;. &quot;Cold&quot;. And &quot;Distant&quot;. The knee jerk reaction to the shift in sound seems to have people parted, some glorifing it as a grand experiment, others damning it as pretentious and obtuse. <br />&quot;Challenging&quot;? Most of the bad reviews seem to assume in some way that Radiohead, Yorke and the lads, are delivering an all too limited, abstract, push in a new direction, trying to inject a new flavor into its fans ears. This assumption is ridiculous, since Radiohead is not a band that in any way tries to cater to a public. They are musicians, serving themselves, and here they are sonically playing with new toys and expression. This was hinted at very heavily if you saw Meeting People is Easy, and even OK COMPUTER showed a lean twords fewer words and different sound structure. These same blockhead reviews use Sgt Pepper as a comparison, when its pretty clear Sgt Pepper was great because the Beatles were serving themselves, and not a catchy, pop single wanting public.<br />&quot;Cold&quot; and &quot;Distant&quot;? i guess if youre in a rock band when you decide to record music and have it exist more between a machine and headphones, rather than a micraphone and ampliphier, you are going to get words like that, but thats untrue. The music in KID A is far more personal because of this, because it is a sound far more toyed with. Its just that the expression isnt in the words in a love ballad or the melody of a guitar; its in the strained loops of sampled noise and vocal/beat repitition. Once again, its not a move forward, its not a statement, and its not an experiment...it is just the music they felt like making. You cant expect a band to stay healthy if they are confined. Even though i may not like all experiments in sound (PJ Harvey's Is This Desire being an example) ,i welcome it for the artists sake. Music changes within the whim of the composers desire, and its dabbling like this and freedom that makes a band stronger, even if some people may not like the end result.
