B00007J4SI|4.0|Oui belle production et très beau piano.  Pour l'alternative d'une intégrale vraiment complète et mise à jour, si l'on peut dire, je renvois à :  Capriccio  Catalogue No:CAP49586  Discs:8  Sortie initiale : 2008  Barcode:4006408495864  Durée:8 heures 19 minutes  L'un des best-sellers de la maison Capriccio est maintenant à nouveau disponible. Il bénéficie d'une excellente qualité d'enregistrement.  La jeune pianiste suédoise Maria Lettberg joue toutes les compositions de Scriabine avec une justesse émouvante.  Un bonus : le DVD  \\" Des schémas obsessionnels, les harmonies et les intervalles semblent tourner dans l'espace interstellaire ... inestimable et une réalisation formidable finement enregistrée.\\" Gramophone - Mai 2008.  Une version qui me semble un peu supérieure, mais ceci est très personnel.
B0055SWM08|5.0|just started playing but it's a great puzzle game. Simple and engaging at the same time. Each level adds a new twist you have to figure out.
B000001GGV|5.0|Tous les commentaires ont été dits sur cette prodigieuse production.  Avec talent, pour ne pas en ajouter une nouvelle qui ne frôle la redite.  Pogorelich, inspiré, joue avec bonheur ces pièces extraites d'un catalogue riche et difficile.  Je retrouve ces deux critiques pertinentes de l'époque.  « Voici, à n'en pas douter, l'un des meilleurs disques de Pogolelich publié depuis fort longtemps. Parce que dans ces pages concises, difficiles et exigeante où le pianiste n'a que peu de temps pour s'exprimer, il abandonne certains maniérismes, une volonté de faire un sort à chaque note qui randaient ses prestations précédentes passablements horripilantes. [...] Sa virtuosité naturelles, ses facilités confondantes font que chaque trait claque come un coup de fouet, que chaque trille étincelle. La bonheur est constant. » (Gregory Thomas, Répertoire n° 55 p. 58 - février 1993)  « Ivo Pogorelich choisit modestement de s'en tenir à quinze sonates des plus célèbres [...] parmi la petite centaine « possible » au piano, c'est-à-dire transposable sans torture du texte ni redistribution des rôle entre les deux mains. Il ne nous en donne pas moins un véritable festival de pyrotechnie digitale, usant pour cela de tous les artifices dont dipose l'instrument moderne pour mettre en avant la variété des jeux de gammes (K 119), d'accords (K 450), de tierce brisées (K 1) ou de sixtes (K 380) , des répétition (K 135), des imitations (K 159), des degrés disjoints (K 8) et des croisements de mains (K 529) qui nourrissent ce royaume du bref, du laconique et de l'aphorisme. [...] Ces sonates d'une précision, d'une variété, d'une recherche et d'une vie intenses font de ce disque un des plus beaux exemples de Scarlatti au piano. » (Etienne Moreau, Diapason n° 390 p. 130 - février 1993)
B000EYK4GW|5.0|I received my video and it was like new in perfect condition. I was very satisfied with my purchase of a used item on Amazon.
B0050CJNJ2|4.0|I am new to the group.  Bought CD after reading other reviews while looking to branch out on some of my music.  Glad I did.
0743233832|5.0|This is without a doubt the best translation of Aurelius in English. It reads beautifully and most naturally.  Aurelius' thoughts are truly profound. He is indeed a philosopher - a man who practiced what he preached and put his theories to daily test.   Shortcomings - Aurelius still failed to understand Christianity. He never executed Christians, but he could not discern wisdom in this religion - his loss.
B002UXRGM0|4.0|This 4 disc Blu-ray set contains some of  the most astonishingly defined cinematography I believe I've yet seen from a Blu-ray disc.  There are many shots that give the impression of being a 3D image and  I was glad that it contains David Attenborough's narration.  My one minor quibble is that I couldn't fight off the impression that the narrative content seemed to be aimed at children.  Very little was said about the evolutionary aspects of living things, which is what survival of life is really about.  I don't know if Sir David decided or was advised to soft-pedal this subject which, unbelievably, is still controversial, especially in the U.S.  If so, I feel very sorry for us, as a country, being left behind in the realm of scientific thought.
B005EHNMWM|2.0|I think Wilco's first two albums (AM and Being There) are terrific: the first is good old American rock 'n' roll with a country tinge, the latter is a sprawling, messy, beautiful and heartfelt opus, sort of their \\"Exile on Main Street.\\" I saw Wilco about a week after \\"Being There\\" came out, when Jay Bennett was with the band, and they rocked harder than almost any group I've seen. And then they went sort of experimental, soft-pop, self-indulgent and overly introspective -- at least that's how they sound to me. Not my cup of tea. I still give 'em a listen occasionally, and bought this album hoping to like it, but no such luck. More of the same from this band.
B005PJU16O|5.0|You can buy this direct from Lego online for 119.95 like I did.  And it's kind of an impressionist VW bus, not too realistic but extremely cool!  Dean
B0055PMJMW|1.0|This so-called collection insults the short story genre. The first 2 were no longer than a chapter in a bad novel and the 3rd had no motive. These comprised 72% of the space, the remainder was a long excerpt from the next Harry Bosch book due out in November 2011. I am very disappointed and highly annoyed. I thought I was paying for short stories, but turns out I was paying for Michael Connelly to advertise his new book. Do Not Buy!
B005F9CPG8|3.0|I just figured I would let anyone who cares know that although this new 2011 remastered release of 1 does still sound great, it uses the remasters made for the 2009 album reissues which are more or less just crisp, cleaned up versions of the original recordings without much revisionist alterations and the like, and as such the fixes that were applied to Day Tripper on the 2000 release to hide flaws in the original recording are no longer present and the song is presented as it originally was. I'm not sure if any other songs are affected by this but I definitely noticed that one.
B001UV4XIS|3.0|I had hoped that a movie series that is so important as a reference to a set of books that are even more important would not fall victim to both overused and cliched endings.  I have already read how others have criticized the lack of spark of the reunion train platform scene.  It feels rushed, the makeup is terrible, and an opportunity is lost forever.  But leading up to that scene, let me go in reverse to the last scene of the 3, standing there on the bridge (and where did that bridge come from?).  Gee I supposed they could have crossed their wands in the air and uttered \\"all for one and one for all,\\" but it all looked so staged, too staged.  And then FREEZE FRAME!  Pan back...  Just terrible.....  We knew that action scenes would be added at the end, but the extended mano-a-mano is such a cliche'.  The point of the last battle is to once again highlight the differences between V and H, not set them up as gunslingers.  Before that, the difference between the Malfoys going into Hogwarts to find their son is SO different from what the director and writer chose to offer.....  It was unfortunate that Rowling gave the house elves so little to do in the last battle (and left so many questions unanswered as to what elf magic really is about) but to have them left out entirely at the climax of the movie? Creature's rehabilitation is part of that differentiation  between V and H.  But I am going beyond my initial objections....  I had hoped for some kind of creative ending beyond the usual cliche'.  Maybe it was too much to hope for.......
B005I64U5C|2.0|This release of Green Lantern claims you get a digital copy of the movie, but instead you are asked to create an account to Flixster which then streams the movie to your device. You don't get an actual copy of the movie that can be stored on your iPhone/iPod/iPad. Streaming doesn't work at 35,000 feet, which is where I typically have the time to watch a movie. There is nothing about this digital copy that is iTunes compatible, so it's unlikely you can stream it to your Apple TV. Overall a big disappointment. I'll have to reassess paying additional money for movies from Warner Brothers that claim a digital copy.
B0059R5Q08|4.0|I was expecting this movie to be awful based on the 3.5 star rating. My husband had a feeling I would like it regardless of the reviews and rented it. He was so right, we actually both enjoyed it. Jane Eyre is one of my favorite books and I feel this movie captures the heart of the book. I found the cast was great, the cinematography was lovely and the story line stayed true to the book. Of course the entire book cannot be covered in a two hour movie but the core feeling of the book and it's characters is captured beautifully. Don't let the negative reviews stop you from watching this movie, it is definitely worth a watch!
0156027321|3.0|Life of Pi is an interesting book.  It tells the story of a boy named Pi who lives in India.  His father owns a zoo in Pondicherry, and is quite successful with it.  In India, Pi was raised as a Hindu.  Later on in his life though, he is introduced to Christianity, and not only stays a Hindu but becomes a Christian as well.  The next year Pi was introduced to another religion: Muslim.  Pi adopted another faith to add on to his now growing list.  Pi wanted to believe in all these religions because he simply wanted to \\"just love God.\\"  His religions would impact him for the rest of his life.  One day, Pi's father announces that they are moving to Canada.  He wants to start a new beginning, and also does not like India's government at the moment.  Pi and his family ride the cargo ship named the Tsimtsum to Canada.  One night, among the many noises that the cargo ship already makes, Pi heard what he thought to be an explosion.  He goes to explore, and when he gets back he notices that the Tsimtsum is tipping backward.  He goes down back to his sleeping quarters, to find the whole under part of the cargo ship flooded.  To Pi's despair, he believes his family could be dying.  He tries to get help, but is tossed into a life boat with a hyena.  A zebra is tossed down after him causing the zebra to break its leg.  The Tsimtsum exploded, and there were no survivors except for Pi.  Pi brings a Bengal tiger named Richard Parker onto the life boat because Pi is delirious and does not have company.  He does not realize he is bringing a tiger onto the boat until Richard Parker was actually on board with him.  Pi must survive on a life boat in the Pacific Ocean with a 350 pound Bengal tiger, a hyena, and a zebra.  The Life of Pi has a very interesting story to tell.  In the author's note, it tells how Yann Martel got the storyline of this book straight from Piscine Patel himself.  The novel makes you wonder and imagine what Pi was going through.  Life of Pi had its high points andlows.  The high points of tension make the book, but I rated it 3 stars because at times I wanted to fall asleep reading the book.  There were some parts where it drags on with details and lists about small things.  Life of Pi is an enjoyable book for those who want an adventure, but the story can become boring if you don't like an extreme list of details.
0812973992|4.0|Instead of chapters, this book is divided into four books, each with subsections like chapters. I almost put the book down after reading the first section about the tightrope walker. It is slow and needlessly verbose. Ditto the third portion, \\"Miro, Miro, on the Wall\\" about Claire on Park Avenue. I'm glad I continued reading. The rest of the book is much better.  McCann manages to string together a tightrope walker, an Irish self-styled monk and his brother, mother & daughter prostitutes and the daughter's children, a Jewish judge and his non-Jewish wife who live in a penthouse on Park Avenue, a health care worker, a support group of mothers who lost a child in the Vietnam war, and two artists, in a skillfully believable way. The reader encounters a complex of emotions - guilt, grief, frustration, love, shattered idealism, self-centered ambition - as these characters travel their various connecting paths.  Different sections are written from the point of view of the various characters, so style varies accordingly. I sometimes find that books written in this \\"jump around\\" technique distance me from the characters so I don't care about any of them, but that did not happen with this book. Part of McCann's skill is that the sequence fits together like pieces of a puzzle. I was ready for each section as it came to build on the whole.   Overall, the book is well-written with a cast of interesting characters. Having lived through the 70s and grown up in north Jersey where I frequently hopped a bus into Manhattan for various events, I enjoyed the look back. This definitely added to my enjoyment of the book, but such a background is not essential. If you have never spent time in a big city or if you prefer books with a pastoral setting, you may not relate well to these characters.
B005JU5JTI|3.0|LOL, now this was actually a funny movie. It was a little rude, but it was funny.. LOLLLLLLL not sure why the other views were so harsh, but it was funny.. I am happy I didn't go to a movie theater, it was def. made for DVD.. watch it, you will laugh
B005GVW05Q|4.0|First of all, I find that people really don't seem to understand Ryan Adams.  Since \\"Gold\\" he has released pretty sonically-thematic albums, he tends to save the acoustic songs for an album, the rockers for another, etc.  He's such a prolific songwriter, I can't say I disagree with his method.  I'll bet he has a big electric album coming soon also for all of you who want that side of him.  I've also heard that this quieter album and his subsequent solo acoustic tour have to do with his current hearing problems from playing with Whiskeytown and the Cardinals electric for all these years.  That said, I find the melodies to be strong and reminiscent of the Gram Parsons reference he's been trying to shake for all these years with his different adopted personae but has outlived.  I think Glyn Johns definitely brings a decidedly classic-rock, California country-rock vibe to this album with his production.  It reminds me of Neil Young's \\"After the Goldrush\\" quite a bit actually.  \\"Dirty Rain\\", the title track and \\"Do I Wait\\" are definitely standouts but I also found myself drawn to the more laid-back \\"Rocks\\", \\"Save Me\\", \\"Kindness\\" and \\"Lucky Now\\".  A very, very solid albeit laid-back record.  I actually think a big loud rocker would have ruined this record for me, I'm sure he has those to come and I love that side of him also, but not on this album.  I'm perfectly happy with a laid-back record with good melodies and the acoustic vibe.
B000NGTJTY|4.0|This is an excellent movie--lots of action, a complex plot with many twists, and stellar performances by top-rate actors.  Just be forewarned-- a LOT of people get killed, and always with a great spray of blood.  Great movie, well worth the time and money.  Unfortunately, it could have been much better if the violence had been dialed down a bit.  I usually don't get worked up about things like that, but it was a blight on an otherwise perfect movie.
B000FILW86|2.0|Rockford is a major letdown after playing the first three Cheap Trick albums, especially Heaven Tonight.  I realize Rockford is an album 30 years older than the classic period and the band members are much MUCH older and have probably settled down tremendously and probably don't feel inspired enough to write splendid material, but still, the music presented here isn't particularly appealing to me.    The songs that actually rock do so in an entirely bland and forgettable way and hardly ever contain much in the way of energy.  Everything feels so restrained and the notes limp along in a mid-tempo, mediocre kind of way.  The guitar, drums and vocal melodies are not up to the standards of the classic period.  A FAR cry from the the first three albums released 30 years prior.    \\"If It Takes a Lifetime\\" perfectly describes average.  The vocal melody is safe, none of the guitar solos or riffs are daring or exceptionally energetic, and it just sort of appears there without much in the way of creativity in the vocal melody.  Perhaps it works as a way to get a suntan on a relaxing day at the beach, but not in the context of what I know very well the band is MORE than capable of.  My first impression was \\"This is not going to get the job done\\".  \\"O Claire\\" is a terribly bland attempt at a ballad that's most noteable for how repetitive and simplistic it sounds, and \\"One More Day\\" is like a generic Aerosmith rocker but worse.    I truly can't remember the rest of the material, nor do I really want to either.  Stick with the first three Cheap Trick albums and you'll get a much better representation what Cheap Trick were all about back in the day and why many people consider the golden period very special.
B005KCGIUY|5.0|I've never complained about any of Maynards work, and this album isn't going to get my started! Simply amazing! Grab some wine, shut the lights off, put in the album, and be taken away! (ok, that's my tradition with Maynards work, but you all should try it!)
B005UKJX4E|1.0|this movies was extremely boring and pointless to waste my money on renting.  It should be a free movie, not one to pay for....boring boring boring!!
B0043KK4N6|4.0|A fabulous soundtrack. I enjoy the soundtrack as much as the movie....Cher and Christina have spectacular voices!! I wish these two could pair up to do another cd or a movie together...very soulful sounds.  A great buy!
B002P4VUMQ|5.0|Great live cd! Anyone who is a fan of Mraz or just interested needs to grab this disc set. A nice mix of covers, popular hits, and less known songs. Favorite tracks include 'Only Human' and 'All Night Long'. His talent will be very apparent after your first listen.
B001UV4XFG|5.0|Arrived fast, item was as described.  Would definitely love to do business with this business again.  Packaging was appropriate and was not damaged what so ever.  Thank you :  I would definitely recommend you to my friends.
B005U9RQNU|5.0|OK, imagine this. You are charged with writing a story for a TV series. You must incorporate an old guy who is paralyzed, wheel chair bound, and communicates by dinging a bell. Weave his story through the series over the course of four years. Now, make him compelling. Make the audience feel his emotion. Can't do it, huh?  These guys did.  Where do these creators get this spark of genius? In these days of six pack abs and ripped muscles, Hector will stay with you. From his inauspicious entrance sitting there watching TV out in the desert somewhere, to the final LOOK, his story will keep coming back to you.  In the grand scheme of things, how unlikely it is that TV has gone from Gilligan's Island to Vince Gilligan?
B0009UC7H0|5.0|I loved this movie \\"Sahara\\" but this does not surprise me in that I haven't read any of Clive and Dirk Cussler books that I haven't liked. I had seen the movie sometime ago but when I found the DVD on the internet I just had to have it to have it to watch whenever I like. For me, it doesn't get old watching a movie like this with plenty of action, funny and going from the Civil War and ending up in the Saraha.  jjscreations
B002K0WBYG|4.0|This \\"review\\" is intended for anyone considering purchasing the two disc Digital Copy version of the film:   [[ASIN:B002K0WBYG The Proposal [Blu-ray]]]  Be aware that the Digital Copy code expired on 4/13/2011 and can no longer be activated.  You can see this on Disney's Buena Vista Home Entertainment Web Site: bvhedigitalcopy.com  There's no sense paying extra for an expired digital copy, which is the only thing included on the second disc of the Blu-Ray version of the film.  Save your money and look for the cheaper single disc Blu-Ray version of the film here:  [[ASIN:B003UMW69I Proposal [Blu-ray]]]
0811875555|5.0|I wanna first say that I'm biased because I saw this movie and absolutely loved it. That being said, this book is every bit as amazing as its movie counterpart. It totally tells you the process from start to finish with loads of drawings and artwork that is both breathtaking and fascinating to behold. A must have for anyone even vaguely interested in art, animation, disney, or definitely this movie. Great Buy. Great price. Great Book. Just Great.
B00000JFV9|5.0|There are a bare handful of records that bear repeated listening, that are great from the first note to the last.  This is one of them.  It's all been said before: genius, classic, visionary, not a single wasted note, etc.  Believe it.  For vinyl fans, the Rhino reissue, remastered from the original analog tapes, is very, very nice.  I went through several copies of the original, and as sometimes happened back then, none of them sounded so hot.  This one is what the original should have sounded like, I think.    Make sure you get the Rhino release; there is another reissue out there that was probably mastered from a digital source.
0393964582|5.0|My daughter needed this for a class.  Price was cheaper than the book store and came straight away.  When my daughter is finished with it, I may read.  Just watched the movie made from this book and loved it.
B004INNRFK|5.0|David Foster  to me has to be the greatest music force to emerge from Canada  he is the King of Canada and his track record of porduction, sognwriting and impact proves that and much more.  this collection has songs which were big  big hits by some of the best acts of the respected time periods and yet One Man ties it all together.  David Foster truly has a way on chords and you know a Foster Production.  i enjoyed this special and always so cool to go back in time and remember so many of these classic songs. a toast and a Salute.
B004V98UKS|2.0|pretty boring. played 3 levels then uninstalled. don't like that I have to use arrows to move instead of just using my touchscreen.
B005DKLPF6|5.0|Let me just start by saying, I love Nickelback, old Creed and yes, I'll say it, even some Daughtry. I'm not ashamed. Why should I be? I like what I like! And this album ranks right up there with the best of any of those bands. I find myself humming \\"Bedazzled Fingernails\\" at work all the time (I'm a youth pastor). And even though some of the lyrics are a little bit weird, I just can't get enough of THE HUNTER! YES!
B004JZBGWI|5.0|Great application.....  Finally sd enabled! Small as it is,  its a very simple but efficient way to add memo on ur home screen! Thank u Dev team! !
B004VF68AQ|5.0|When I first heard that Jane's Addiction were recording a new album, my initial impression was \\"I'm looking forward to hearing it, but it can't top 'Nothing Shocking' or 'Ritual De Lo Habitual.'\\" While I enjoyed the 2003 reunion album \\"Strays,\\" Bassist Eric Avery's contributions were missed and the album lacked the epic, majestic feel of the first two albums. While it's a shame that Avery wasn't part of the new album, the remaining three members wisely chose TV On The Radio's Dave Sitek to contribute. His avant-garde writing seems like a good fit for Jane's, certainly a better fit than Duff McKagan, although his collaborations yielded some good songs (more on that later).<br /><br />In a nutshell \\"The Great Escape Artist\\" is a great album. For those fans who were disappointed in \\"Strays,\\" you may find yourself pleasantly surprised with the band's new offering. \\"The Great Escape Artist\\" sounds similar in style to \\"Nothing Shocking\\" and \\"Ritual\\" but with two key differences; first of course is that the album benefits from a modern production and second is that the album is shorter, more to-the-point than the band's classic first two albums. So while the album may not have anything as epic as \\"Three Days,\\" the songs still pack a powerful punch in 3-5 minutes.<br /><br />The two opening tracks \\"Underground\\" and \\"End to the Lies\\" sound trippy but rock hard and the listener can just sort of drift-away in their soundscapes. The dark and brooding \\"Curiosity Kills\\" is somewhat reminiscent of one of the more epic tracks from RDLH, but on a smaller scale. \\"Irresistible Force\\" is somewhat more contemplative, with an almost Eastern feel. The dreamy-but-edgey \\"I'll Hit You Back\\" is a grower and sort of gets under your skin. \\"Twisted Tales\\" is the most \\"modern\\" sounding track on the album, as Farrell sounds like he's singing via auto-tunes. This one is very catchy and I can see this one as single, top-40 material.<br /><br />Guns N' Roses/Velvet Revolver/loaded bassist Duff McKagan co-wrote three of the album's final four songs and his presence is certainly felt--and that isn't a bad thing. While Sitek may be, overall, a better fit for Jane's, Duff's contributions mix things up a little. Some sleazy, sunset strip, punk-infused rock balance out the more artistic tracks. When Duff joined JA they wrote a bunch of songs and then when he left, they went in another direction with Sitek, and the album shows it. Part of the aborted album from the short-lived Duff-era is thrown in the mix, but it works out and serves to make \\"The Great Escape\\" stronger and more eclectic. The dark \\"Ultimate Reason\\" and \\"Splash a Little Water on it\\" (Sitek co-wrote the latter) are slow-paced but rocking. \\"Broken People,\\" as the title suggests, is a bit of a bummer, but is nevertheless beautifully morose. The album's closing track, the meat-and-potatoes, hard-rocking \\"Words Right out of my Mouth\\" almost sounds as though it belongs on another album--perhaps on a Velvet Revolver or Loaded record. It definitely is an unexpected left-turn, but it works and makes for a good closer.<br /><br />Clocking in at 40 minutes, \\"The Great Escape\\" is a lean, muscular version of the epic, sprawling Jane's that people have come to know and love. If you loved the grandeur and hard-rocking elegance of classic Jane's, definitely give this new album a listen. While Duff's three contributions may not fit the aforementioned description, his songs serve to add a little bit of sleazy spice to the mix. All in all, \\"The Great Escape\\" is a welcome addition to the Jane's Addiction legacy.m's final four songs and his presence is certainly felt--and that isn't a bad thing. While Sitek may be, overall, a better fit for Jane's, Duff's contributions mix things up a little. Some sleazy, sunset strip, punk-infused rock balance out the more artistic tracks. When Duff joined JA they wrote a bunch of songs and then when he left, they went in another direction with Sitek, and the album shows it. Part of the aborted album from the short-lived Duff-era is thrown in the mix, but it works out and serves to make \\"The Great Escape\\" stronger and more eclectic. The dark \\"Ultimate Reason\\" and \\"Splash a Little Water on it\\" (Sitek co-wrote the latter) are slow-paced but rocking. \\"Broken People,\\" as the title suggests, is a bit of a bummer, but is nevertheless beautifully morose. The album's closing track, the meat-and-potatoes, hard-rocking \\"Words Right out of my Mouth\\" almost sounds as though it belongs on another album--perhaps on a Velvet Revolver or Loaded record. It definitely is an unexpected left-turn, but it works and makes for a good closer.   Clocking in at 40 minutes, \\"The Great Escape\\" is a lean, muscular version of the epic, sprawling Jane's that people have come to know and love. If you loved the grandeur and hard-rocking elegance of classic Jane's, definitely give this new album a listen. While Duff's three contributions may not fit the aforementioned description, his songs serve to add a little bit of sleazy spice to the mix. All in all, \\"The Great Escape\\" is a welcome addition to the Jane's Addiction legacy.
B001E75QH0|4.0|I think it's a nice set, has all four movies with extras at a good price (good...not great though).  I will agree with other reviewers about the cases/inserts looking cheap, they really do.
B00407PNY2|5.0|Liked the \\"Fast and Furious Movies\\"?  this one is WAY better.  Why? VERY LITTTLE SPECIAL EFFECTS!!!!!  Steve McQueen stars as Det. Frank Bullitt whose sole job is to protect a witness.  When nothing goes right and the witness dies he has to find out what went wrong.  Contains the quintessential car chase through the streets of San Francisco,  featuring a Dodge Charger and a Ford Mustang.  Gentlemen, start your engines!
B000IZJZLM|5.0|I got this CD as a gift for my wife,she absolutely loves it! The CD was accurately described and arrived in very good condition.
B005LY4B0A|5.0|Good fun app that has some kinda challenging moments that make it fun. Has a good amount of levels to it that gives you a good amount of part time well worth it.
B0053TMP24|5.0|Awsome! PJ returns! A perfect mesh of myth and reality as usual. Octavian is like Luke in PJ book 1. I have a theory about why Frank and Hazel could kill Alcyoneus without a gods help, in his home turf he's imortal right. So outside Alska he could die by the handd of a hero only. I can't wait for The Mark of Athena.<br />P.S.<br />You kmow the line in the Prophecy of Seven that says &#34; to storm or fire the world must fall&#34;? I see that as &#34;to Jason or Leo the world must fall&#34;<br />P.P.S.<br />I wonder what trouble Annabeth will get into?
B003L77G38|4.0|Finally got the 3rd season of the series.  Haven't watch it all yet, but the series is a continuation of what happened to Liv and Peter from the close of the 2nd season.  I wished the series would dwell more into people with special abilities and how their skills affect the Fringe team like it did in the 1st season, rather than spend too much time on what's happening on both sides of the world.
0061689246|3.0|I have a strict rule to never see the movie before reading the book, but I broke that rule with Stardust. However, it was one of the few times I enjoyed the movie more. The movie is romantic and amusing with great characters. I felt the book was lacking in character development, but it was still very entertaining. The Lord of Stormheld and his ghost sons was probably my favorite storyline, but I love the idea of lightning pirates. This was done so well by Robert Deniro in the film, by the way. Overall, a good read but I was a little disappointed because I love the movie.
B0050CJNJ2|5.0|Their harmony is perfection, their songs have meaning...everything you would expect from Lady A. Can't wait for the next album.
0684847248|5.0|this book is great, its timeless and just amazing. youll read it once and keep picking it up again and again. its a great gift and will make a difference in your life. its just so true and great. if you like this kind of stuff this is the book for you, it will improve the way you think and change you as a person for the better.
B000SEIK2S|5.0|\\"Old Man's War\\" was the first eBook that I read on my new Kindle Fire (which I have yet to receive because they haven't been released). I don't know which I enjoyed more, reading Scalzi's book or reading on Kindle from my PC and Mac laptop! Either way, wow! The opening line was the hook for me from the get-go: The main character buries his wife and joins the army at age 75 all in the same week. And it just kept getting better. I bought the second book in the series, too. This was so much fun that I picked up my pen once again and jump-started my old manuscript. Many salutes to Mr. Scalzi! Thank you, sir, for reawakening an old fart to the joys of space opera. [...]
0765365278|5.0|On one level, I feel that buying book 1 of a planned series of 10 is a poor decision when the author hasnt even started on book 2.  However, assuming your willing to take a leap of faith that all 10 books will get done at some point (the author is young at least) then this book is highly worth the plunge.    I wont review the plot too much since there are 400 reviews.  Instead, lets compare this book to Mistborn, since its the same author and that is his best selling complete series.  Mistborn has probably the coolest magic system in any fantasy book, and the book is generally very imaginative and lots of fun.  I loved it, its highly rated on Amazon with hundreds of reviews, and its popular on specialist forums devoted to fantasy books.  If Mistborn has a knock, its that the characterizations are very shallow, and the plotting -- especially in the first 100 pages of the first book -- feel really superficial.  Folks forgive that because of Mistborn's strengths.  This book is written at a higher level, with deeper characterizations and what appears to be a more intricate plot and mythos.  The magic system, while different in some ways, lends itself to convincing action-packed battles just as easily as Mistborn's does.  And if Sanderson isnt careful, to \\"god mode\\" although I dont think that is a huge problem yet.  And while Sanderson has stepped up his game, the same simple straightforward writing keeps the train moving, just as it did in Mistborn.    Even though this book is a lot more sophisticated than Mistborn, with certain plot elements that are not explained in book 1, that doesnt mean you feel like your adrift in a sea of confusion (the way I did in book 1 of the Malazan series, for example).  Sanderson gives you enough background to get your bearings, and while there are elements of the plot/mythos that we dont understand yet, that is because the main characters dont yet understand them either.  You feel like your along for the ride, learning about the ancienthistory of the world along with the main characters.    Bottom Line:  Take the plunge.  Eventually.  No rush to read this book, given that book 2 hasnt even been started.
0810989956|5.0|This book is ideal to encourage young kids, particularly boys, to want to read and write.  My eight year old grandson spend hours with this book writing about his life in real time and through his imagination.  If you can afford this book, get it!
B005460302|3.0|Yes, the Blu-Ray picture is better than the DVD version.  The movie is still as good it was.  Not much credulity is needed until the end.  No, the only extra is one trailer.  The DVD has an alternate soundtrack with the director and actors, a short movie, bloopers, trailers, etc.   The improved picture is not enough better.
B0042U94UQ|4.0|I got this movie for my brothers. Ages 14,11,8 and 5. They all love it! It's a super cute movie! Very family friendly!
B005HV6YO8|5.0|Sting has been writing tunes at his peak for longer than almost anyone else around.  From the flaming hot Outlandos D'amour all the way through Soul Cages, Summoner's Tales, and If On a Winter's Night, he puts out disc after disc of sophisticated, tuneful music with some of the catchiest riffs around, all without losing focus.  He has expanded sideways into reinterpretation of renaissance music, and also reinterpreted some of his own music in a symphonic context.  It is a lot of ground to cover in one disc, but Best of 25 years does a good job from a number of perspectives.  First, the songs.  Of course, since this is a \\"best of\\" disc, most everything is familiar to fans.  There are so many good songs in his catalog that choosing the songs to include must have been difficult.  \\"If you love somebody set them free\\", \\"We'll be together\\", and \\"fragile\\" are all obvious choices from his seminal \\"Nothing like the Sun\\" album.  The remixes are nice, but honestly don't add a ton to what you have already heard.  The magnificent and spare \\"Soul Cages\\" album is represented by only one cut, but is a great one--\\"All this time\\".  Other tracks like \\"Fields of Gold\\" and \\"Desert Rose\\" are certainly high points as well, but the real joy for me was hearing the live cuts that end this compilation.  \\"Heavy Cloud, No Rain\\" is such a fantastic song with a thrumming baseline, a steady beat and an interesting structure.  It gets a great bluesy treatment live, and I liked it a lot.  \\"Demolition Man\\", a song that I have always liked but never loved gets a really great rocking live version with the guitars up front, ringing and screaming.  It sounds meatier than the studio cut, and Sting's voice is much more mature than for the studio version, and I think it sounds better.  This is now my preferred version of the song.  Lastly, I have to mention the new mix of \\"Never Coming Home\\"--a great song that got overlooked a little bit, buried on \\"Sacred Love\\", which was a good album but not up to the standards of its studio predecessor, \\"Brand New Day\\".  This remix is hypnotic, swirling, emotive, and wonderful.  I'm glad to see this jewel reset in another setting to give it another chance to shine.    Nothing here is a giant surprise, but the remixes are solid.  The live cuts are excellent, and the new version of \\"Never Coming Home\\" is probably the best find on the disc.  Dyed in the wool Sting/Police fans will want this for the live cuts alone; those who are not familiar with his overall body of work will find this a great introduction, and will surely lead them to explore his back catalog.  5 stars for the song selection, 4 stars for the remixes (they are good, but don't add a ton), 5 stars for the great live cuts, and 6 stars for Never Coming Home.  Check it out.
B004Y1USV2|5.0|This album is simply amazing: the musicianship is top notch, the singer is almost better than Anderson, and the album is pure prog rock, pure Yes, as good as they've ever done it.  You could listen to this album hundreds of times without getting tired of it.  The production is excellent - the voice is up front in the mix, the backing vocals are also up front yet subtle; ALL of the instruments are clearly heard (bass, piano, guitar, drums).  This is clearly a snapshot from the past (80s-style yes).  I could swear this album was written years ago, but never released until now.  Can anyone explain?  At any rate, this album is a real gem.  I don't think a Yes fan could get any better than this, as this album contains so many elements familiar to yes fans.  For example, track 3, 7 and 9 (especially track 9!!!) sounds as good as any acoustic song that Yes has ever released (e.g. And you and I).  Track 10 (Solitaire) is just Steve Howe being himself (e.g. \\"Mood for a day\\").  Track 11 (into the storm) reminds me of so many early (60s) Yes songs (the Yes Album).  Track 1 has catchy Squire bass lines a la Close to the Edge.  Track 2 is quite possibly one of their best songs, vocals are excellent, and the guitar lines are highly climactic, signature Steve Howe licks (running melodies).  I could go on and on.  This album has it all - all of Yes's best elements that have defined them over the years, but pays particular tribute to the early Yes.  That being said, it is a new album, new songs, and this album is better produced and sounds better than any of their previous albums.
B005FFW46S|5.0|Sybil Vimes and lord Vetinari have a chat at one social function or other and so Sam Vimes goes on holiday with his family. He goes reluctantly, very nearly protesting out loud. And then there's a murder and other crimes and a chase so he enjoys it tremendously.  Sounds like Fifth Elephant? Only in general outline. This is a different story about a different conflict.  The biggest drawback of the book is, for me, the bad guys. We never even see Gravin, and the protagonist we do see is no Wolfgang von Uberwald (that may be bacause he's a human), and he's no Carcer, either.   Also, I think that Willikins got a bit too familiar with Vimes and too free with his passion for scaring people, but who am I to comment on a man's relationship with his own employer or his little hobbies?  On the pro side you get:  - Young Sam, an absolutely deeeelightful boy,  - Vimes instructing a village kid about fighting,  - Vimes being surprised soon afetrwards,  - Vetinari, once in a lifetime, if only for a moment, reacting like a normal human being,  - interesting description of new species,  - Nobby Nobbs's young lady,  - lots of Sybil Vimes - and I do not think that her character was altered. It's an absolute tribute to sir pTerry's writing skills that some reviewers were stricken by her sexy side. Ahhh, the contrast between what was actually written and what is immediately seen on the inner screen of the reader's mind. Besides, remember her saying in public: \\"Yes there bloody is, excuse my Klathian\\"? (5th Elephant) For me it was much less in character than all the negative comments she utters in a private conversation with her own husband. And she's right in everything she says, as usual.  As for the Kindle version - I'm glad I was forewarned about bad editing. As it came as no surprise, it was not greatly irritating.
0385738765|2.0|Book 1- the Maze runner was awesome. Book 2- The Scorch Trails was painful. James Dashner said in an interview that he came up with the whole story and mapped it out in 2 hours. Nuff said. He had a couple cool ideas, spaced them out over 3 books, and just FILLED and FILLED and FILLED the spaces in between with material that was so stretched out it was as thin as dental floss. I was so mad I actually wanted to punch this book. Dashner can take something as simple as a person taking a bite out of an apple and turn it into an entire chapter. Describing how the apple was eaten, the surroundings, and shade of light, the emotions of the person eating the apple...DASHNER I DONT CARE ABOUT THE APPLE!! LOTS of emotions in this book. Too much to deal with. It got to where I was actually just scanning pages quickly looking for something that might be important. In the first book he developed the characters well and I liked them quite a bit, but in the second book that development ended, and he proceeded to repeat the same emotions of the characters over and over. Dead Horse...comes to mind. The only thing that keeps you reading is that you MUST find out what the heck is going on here, and still....you never find out. I haven't read book 3 yet, but i HAVE TO READ it so I can get some conclusion. Do I want to read it? NO! As far as I'm concerned, book 2 could have been completely eliminated. Skipped. At the end of book 2 we're still at the exact same place as the end of book 1!!!! HAHAHAHA I'M NOT JOKING. I swear it, Dashner, after paying $9 + $9 + $16 for grand total of $34 for these 3 books.....you BETTER deliver with this last book. Otherwise you owe me at least $26 (book 1 was good, I don't mind that I payed for that one).   With all that said, I'm optimistic about book 3. I'm holding it in my hand right now. I want to believe. I notice the back of the book says \\"THE TIME FOR LIES IS OVER\\". Well I guess he listened to the reviews. I really really hope that he redeems himselfwith this book. I will be reviewing book 3 very soon.
B00170I7GG|5.0|I have frequently seen references to this movie in many places so I decided to finally see it. Well, my wife and I really enjoyed it! The acting is solid (maybe a touch exaggerated at times), the story cute, and the plot just plain imaginative with a real funny ending! A movie you should watch with family
0307279189|4.0|First off, I absolutely loved this book. However, I had two problems with it. From the moment I bought the book I was entralled, as they say, it was a real page turner. I couldn't get enough. I love how McDougall wrote about his characters and the events of the story. The book just breezed by about the race and about the people and about the upcoming ultra run. I couldn't get enough and was already dreading finishing the book.  Here's the first problem: Chapter 28. The book goes from a great story to chapter 28, a tangent while about running doesn't further the story one bit in my opinion. It is a slog of a chapter and brings all the momentum of the book to a grinding hault and I felt made me forget about the excitment that occurred prior to it. Not only that but I felt the chapter hurts the remainder of the story as well, and felt instead of the great race at the end being the climax the book had a premature climax at chapter 28 that sent it downhill afterwards. The editors should have cut this chapter, b/c again I don't feel it helps the true story of the book which is about the Tarahumara and not about hunting animals by running them to death, etc and so forth.  My second problem with the book is I felt much of the book was just an advertisement for barefoot running. I felt the way in which he wrote about running shoes he only talked as if they were a problem. In the book he and others only seem to blame running injuries on running shoes. Completely ignoring other aspects: Runner's health and fitness, injury history, amount of running they typically do, surface they typically run on, weight, etc. It seems he and the people he interviewed were only talking about the positives of barefoot running and destorying the name of Nike. Yet, he never talked badly about Adidas, Brooks, Asics or other running shoes (that I can remember). He did talk positively about the Vibram 5 Finger shoes, and never once criticized them.   Now regardless of what I've just said, I loved this book. I was hooked from the first page and couldn't put it down. I bought this book on a whim since I am an avid runner, and wasn't expecting the great story I got. It was a total surprise, and though I did complain about two parts it's definitely worth a read and everyone can make their own decision.
B0052VUNHC|4.0|I very much enjoyed this book...couldn't put it down!!  The characters are definitely flawed, that's part of the appeal.  The relationship is dysfunctional at times, but the reader can believe hat once things are worked out, it won't be dysfunctional forever.  I almost didn't read this book based on other reviews and the way the characters were described, especially the jealousy and possessiveness.  The author definitely took some liberties regarding the seeming lack of adults anywhere on campus, but they were small and I was able to overlook them.  The emotions were strong enough that it had me crying in some places.  I definitely recommend this book!
B005F9CPG8|1.0|These recordings are nothing but chaotic noise.  The lyrics are ridiculous; they are childishly simple, primitive, illiterate, loosely rhyming expressions of immature feelings.<br /><br />Rock and roll destroyed the lives of a billion people, encouraging wonderful young ladies to become trashy sex objects, encouraging everyone to destroy their minds and their lives through drug and alcohol abuse, encouraging immaturity and irresponsibility and self-indulgence.  The premier rock and roll band was The Beatles, and this album contains their most popular music.  Therefore, this music is not only poorly written, but morally evil.  The Beatles never composed even one song glorifying God, either, even when Billy Preston was with them.  In view of both aesthetic values and moral values, this is the worst collection of songs in the world.
B0058VW36U|5.0|If you like angry birds you will like this physics based game.  it is NOT  an angry birds rip off....just users the same part of your brain.  I love love love cut the rope.  More updates please!
B003Y8YXFS|1.0|This album is popular only because humanity has become so wicked.  The album starts with the didactic &#34;Imagine,&#34; which begins, &#34;Imagine there's no Heaven....No Hell below us, above us only sky.&#34;  Only someone with a tremendous psychological motivation to do so can imagine that there's no Heaven or Hell.  The song has become extremely popular among atheists.  In a righteous Christian nation, the album would be banned.<br /><br />John Lennon was a severely neurotic heroin user, and should be idolised by no one.
B005LY4B0A|5.0|I've really enjoyed playing this game, it makes you think. I love that you can skip one out two levels if you  are struggling and come back to them later.
B00364K6YW|5.0|It arrived on time or even before it was due.  The packaging for this DVD was perfect as was the DVD itself.
B004JN1D2I|2.0|By now there are so many reviews of these myriad book formats I doubt anyone will read this. That has never bothered me, as I love the look of my own words. Therefore, ever onward into the breach! Or words to that effect. So; to set the credentials and personal errata: I have a Kindle 2 and also bought the bundled paperbacks in an effort to solve the utter insanity-making problems with reading the bundled set on Kindle because it allows me to drag out the physical book (the books are packed so tightly into their little cardboard sleeve they closely resemble several fat men trying to get in to one Elvis suit the Thin Man wore in high school. Compulsive though I am about having my boxed sets all neatly stowed in their little trundle beds and lined up on the shelf, I found it utterly impossible to force the books back into the box, which had already split from the pressure anyway.) Thus endeth the commentary on the paperback bundle; I haven't read the entire series so cannot comment on the format, quality, etc.  As for Kindle problems with the bundled series; I've read almost to the end of book 4, and have book 5 waiting in the wings.  It's a toss up whether I'll finish the series, although I am also compulsive about finishing books I start, especially if I paid for them.  My Kindle periodically moves about in the night, turning itself on and off in a clandestine manner, thus leaving me to try and find the place where I left off.  With books this long, the frustration is beyond crazy-making at this point, as the pages are not numbered, nor can one even find which book was being read. Kindle instructions graciously acknowledge that this sort of unspeakable behavior just might occur, always as the fault of the benighted reader frankly my dear, and in that unlikely case, one need only instruct the infernal machine to \\"go to\\" (insert the esoteric little number at the bottom of the page; a number all responsible readers will have diligently memorized upon ceasing to read for any reason or length of time whatsoever.  With a run-together series of thousands and thousands of pages such as this, the little number at the bottom of the page rapidly approaches the figures of the Bush administration's predations on the national budget, and even normal people will find it challenging to remember it, much less mathematically phobic persons such as myself.  After a while, paging methodically through the pages, looking for a familiar phrase becomes too onerous and time consuming for the elderly, (also referring to myself: I could die first.) I finally have had to settle for guessing, utilizing large blocks of numerical values, which does cut down the time, but is merely a more efficient way of devoting one's life to finding one's place. Thus endeth the commentary on the experience of reading something of this volume on Kindle. And:  Putting the product/experiential/technical issues aside, we turn to the story, writing, and literary aspects with my unsolicited opinions of same. (Parenthetical aside: I fail so see why the snarky quarrels among reviewers as to whether purists should stick to one or the other. Why? If one is perusing the reviews and is a member of one camp or the other, is it not a matter of a split second to coldly avert one's eye as soon as the distasteful tenor of a review makes itself known, thus moving right along to a review more in keeping with one's taste?) In deciding to read the series, I was initially influenced by the HBO series, which are marvelously rendered. Hooked, I decided to read some of the reviews on Amazon's site, and was further influenced by the fulsome praise, the wildly ecstatic paeans to the storyline, artistry of descriptions, lyrical character development, etc. I bought the bundle forthwith. But now I am near the end of book 4, and already have book 5, and yes, it is now known by the cognoscenti that book 6 is forthcoming.  I stifle a sigh and figuratively close the pages over my finger as I debate withinmyself whether I should torture myself any further. I think not. I must state, personally, I do not think Mr. Martin has made use of the full extent of his powers. Yes, he is capable of beautiful writing, even lyrical at times. Yes, he is capable of interjecting excitement, intrigue,and horror, while keeping a veritable army of characters moving through their paces as they go their doomed (and they are all doomed to die at least once, some more)and his descriptive powers blossom as his scenes of battle, blood spattered interpersonal relations, rotting corpses and/or portions of them; his descriptions of sexual scenes, however, suffer from an seemingly odd lack of knowledge of female sexuality, and virtually nowhere is there a leavening sense of humor or even mild peacefulness to be found. The characters seem peculiarly devoid of any socially redeeming values, with the exception of Arya Stark, and at times, Tyrion Lannister, who can exhibit compassion, empathy, and perhaps most clearly, a sense of self-deprecating humor which is sorely needed. The storyline is formulaic, perhaps more apparent when one reads the bulk of the books straight through the endless saga of murder, betrayal, rape, war, and horror movie living dead create a daunting mountain of repetitive mayhem. The royalty, aristocracy and would-be high borns exhibit a total lack of concern for the people they trod upon, exploit, starve, wantonly kill in their thousands, and arrogantly expect them to cheerfully provide food, cook, clean and wash up for no wages, pathetically grateful to be allowed to sleep on bare stone floors  Jon Snow, Sam and at times Tyrion Lannister.  After a while, one grows numb, and immune to yet another scene of violence and torture as the various meglomaniacal characters stumble from one battle to another, or one or more murders if reading about more intimate events.  Characters are, for the most part, one-dimensional.  Tolkien's legatee? I think not. I seriously doubt I will buy#6, and I probably won't read the rest of #4, much less #5.
B004ZJZQJC|5.0|I love this movie. I grew up watching it and worried that watching it now might ruin it, but it didn't I had a smile on my face the whole time. Yeah the CGI's a bit of a laugh by today's standards but the stories what every kid dreams of (even the big kids) and the score's brilliant. Buy this movie if your into good 80's family movies.
B002MQYOFW|4.0|It took me a few weeks to read this book. Mostly because I couldn't even read the first chapter. But I forced myself to continue reading, even though I was slightly bored. And honestly - I was pretty bored up until chapter 9. I couldn't figure out why this book was rated so well.  Then it gets to the fun part: The Hunger Games... It was a very interesting read... And I will be excited to see the movie, because I think the movie will be more interesting, honestly... Once I started reading it (past chapter 1) I finished it in a day. Debating rather I want to buy book 2....  This review is coming from a 22 year old female, hope it helps :)
B003L77GGK|4.0|...but I am thrilled that the show is still in production, so I didn't rate it any lower than 4 stars.  This season just didn't seem all that cohesive, and I didn't like some of the turns it did take.  I want Cas to be friendly again.  And I'm very tired of Sam being \\"evil.\\"  Don't get me wrong, we watched the series and enjoyed it, but I sincerely hope next season is easier to follow.  Still love Supernatural and Sam and Dean.
B000J5XS3C|5.0|We've just started gigging, with one guitar and a microphone.  This little mixer is perfect for us.  It's a quality item, easily portable, and a VERY good price.
0061726826|4.0|What if you lived in a world where love was considered a disease--one to be eradicated completely? Would you stay? Would you go along with it? Would it even bother you?  This is the world that Lauren Oliver has beautifully crafted--where love is removed from your brain so that you can live a safe, happy life.  Lena Holoway has grown up impatiently waiting for the day that she can be \\"cured\\"--never to risk falling into the madness that took away her mother so many years ago.  And she's almost there.  But then, she meets Alex and everything changes.  She's not sure what she believes or what she wants anymore.  Can the feelings that she have really be such a bad thing?  Lena is an interesting character that felt easy to connect with.  I could imagine being her friend, riding bikes to the beach, and hanging out after school.  Her strong belief in the government program to eradicate the deliria is complete and makes the world convincing--makes it scary to think that the government could become so powerful as to do something so completely invasive and take away something so personal. I loved watching her discover so much about herself and start to really think about the way her mother raised her and her sister.  I really liked Alex a lot, too.  He really challenged Lena to think and feel...and love. It was incredibly easy to get attached to him and I think, for me, it was him that made their relationship feel real and solid.  I truly can't believe that it took me SO LONG to get around to reading this book! Lauren Oliver writes like a pro--you would never guess that this is only her second published YA book.  I highly recommend it for fans of dystopia--although I will admit that is has a bit less \\"action\\" than many others (until the end--oh, the ending).  This book will leave you on the edge of your seat impatiently waiting for the second book!
B005D0RDKW|5.0|Anyone else finding the significance in the fact that this soon-to-be released DVD was shot in Cleveland, the Home of the \\"Rock and Roll\\" Hall of Fame that has so blindly failed to recognize Rush for years? Or just a mere coincidence? Knowing the humor of the band, I think the former not the latter.  I caught some of this show on VH1 Classic during \\"Rush Hashanah\\". Epic as usual from the masters.
B00127RAJY|5.0|My roommate and I started doing this video and it kicks our butts every time.  Love it.  I read the reviews before buying it and have to disagree with some that say the workouts get boring after watching them a few times.  Jillian does a great job of doing circuits that work the same muscles but with different movements.  She keeps you on your toes and always moving.  The best part is how fast the workout flies by. I'll take 20 minutes with Jillian over 2 hours in the gym anytime!
B005HS00NW|5.0|Ok, let's face it...double albums can be a chore. But the length of this double rec is perfect...keeps it from becoming boring or redundant. And I never thought sound could be so utterly bombastic. I never thought it could get better than 'Saturdays=Youth'. I love...LOVE this album. Anthony is god. My synth-y genius 80s dream-pop god.
B004L07KWQ|3.0|Very basic finger painting app with shake to clear, and a couple basic system intents in the menu. Should be free regardless. (uninstalling)
1401228801|4.0|still can't beat the height of the adversary story arc but still very good.<br />no majorly ugly art to complain about.<br />we get to see a young totenkinder.<br />not enough of snow/bigby/cubs (subjective note, they are my favorites.)
0861714911|5.0|I am very happy with this book.I read Buddhist literature,all the time.This one of the best.If you are interested in Buddhism.I am sure you would like this book.We had a study of it in are dharma group,and everyone enjoyed it.
B001AQR3JY|5.0|When I saw this film as a new release in the theaters I was single and childless, and interested in it for the artistry. Watching it now with my kids, ages 5 and 7, I watched it also as a mother. It has stood the test of time brilliantly, and both my kids and I were rapt. I thought the 2D animation might seem too old-fashioned to the 3D/Pixar/Toy Story generation, but the African savannah and jungle are rendered so beautifully that the 2D never feels flat like it does in some other older animated films. The music and vocal performances are fun and spot-on (who can forget 'Hakuna Matata'?)<br /><br />Yes, it is a violent film in places, with Simba's father being killed off early, and then there are the various fights between Simba and his uncle once Simba is grown. But because we have watched Planet Earth and other animal videos, my own kids seemed to take it in that context - as part of the animal kingdom. The death of Simba's Dad was tough - my 7-year old was gasping - but not unusual for fairy tales (and certainly not for Disney movies.) Every parent has to make these decisions for themselves, but I felt that for my kids, it was just fine.<br /><br />What I appreciated now more than when I originally saw the film were the spiritual elements. The circle-of-life, those-gone-live-on-in-us theme is done in a general, universalist kind of way, so that anyone of any belief system could work with it in talking with their kids, I think. As a parent who is always looking for ways to incorporate spiritual themes into conversation in a natural way, I found this film was a great 'starter'. For myself, I appreciated the nod to Eastern and native wisdom in the monkey character - he seems part Zen master, part shaman. I also hadn't quite caught the Christian, C.S. Lewis-like theme implicit in the conversation Simba has with his father 'in the sky' with the help of the monkey - 'I am in you,' he says to Simba 'You are my only son and I live on in you' (paraphrased.) It's not heavy-handed though, this isn't a Christian film per se - just spiritual, with seemingly many reference points.<br /><br />So overall, I personally think this is a great family film, and a masterpiece of animation.y-handed though, this isn't a Christian film per se - just spiritual, with seemingly many reference points.<br /><br />So overall, I personally think this is a great family film, and a masterpiece of animation.
B001P9EQH8|5.0|I have a pair of Sennheiser HD 280 Pros with the Blue Tack Mod done to them.  Paired with this. MY EARS sound like they are stuck in the car trunk of some heavily equipped bass system.  AMAZING!  5STARS.  COMPLETELY CHANGES HOW I HEAR THINGS!!!!   How amazing is it that its freakin portable?!?!  A MUST HAVE.  5******5*****5*******
0783225482|5.0|I have watched this more times than I can count and it never gets old.<br />Blu-ray with extras would be a dream come true!
B000ZLFALI|5.0|If you love the Beatles, you will love this movie. It is a musical and that is what makes it exceptionally great. It is a heartwarming film that will make you laugh, cry and even blush. There are some cameos as well (e.g. Bono). The setting takes place during the 60s and the Vietnam War -- the movie makes you feel like you are living it with them and each of the love stories touch you every time you watch it. I bought this movie as a Christmas present for my mother - she loves it! I can watch it all the time and never get sick of it.
0062011847|5.0|I love Discworld, and Sam Vimes.  I have a hard time knowing how much I'm reading into it, knowing about Pterry's condition.  But it felt a little like an elegy.  Lovely, though.  Not the book to start with, for sure.  Elegy = a mournful or plaintive poem.
0143038419|2.0|I wasn't captured by this book at all. I felt like the main character was complaining and wallowing in despair and found it pathetic and annoying. Although it is nice to travel through Italy, India and Indonesia, I didn't make it past Italy. This is a good book for someone who is not in a good place romantically. I began to read it while I was planning a wedding so perhaps that is why I didn't like it due to the content and my state of mind.
B003Y5H53S|1.0|I would assume since it was geared toward a  younger set, it would be appropriate, not so.  It starts off the movie with blatant sexual innuendo (the night is wet with anticipation, really?) and continues on in that theme of unnecessary bad language.  Hell is said many times, when another more appropriate word could be used, as well as damn, couldn't we enjoy a movie that is PG without having to deal with this?  Movies like this should be rated for what they really are, another terrible adult film, not an adult film that looks like a kid flick.
B002VPE1B6|2.0|Happy with the movies, that is one of my favourite.   I bought this item as \\"used - good\\". It did NOT came with the blu ray jewel case but in DVD case, does not fit to my blu ray collection.
0553582038|1.0|Probably the worst book I've ever red. Plotlines going nowhere, phony \\"vikings,\\" meaningless torture and rapes and the constant brutalizing of women. But most of all, its just plain BONE CRUSHINGLY BORING!
B0041KKYCY|4.0|I have always said there are two movies from the seventies that deserve a remake with a bigger budget...Last House on the Left and I Spit on Your Grave.  Well when Last House on the Left came out, you can imagine my disappointment as the movie fell flat.  This movie, however, is just what the doctor ordered.  It was smart, gave you gasps and thrills, and was a little smarter for a different time.  In the updated version they attempt to kill our heroine to erase evidence  which makes more sense than if they had followed the original script, which wouldn't have worked this many years later.  I found it to be much more intense than the original which I actually saw a video rental in the eighties which almost played for comedy, that happens sometimes as times change.  This movie is not camp at all.  Also I liked the nudity and rape were brutal, often in movies these are played for titilation, in other words if this turns you on, seek professional help (another movie that does that is Irreversible).  The tortures scenes are of course over the top, but oh so satisfying (except the shotgun scene which even I thought was a bit much).  Hope you enjoy this movie and I hope this review helps you.
B001I1M3CS|3.0|This book is not as good as the movie.  But it does tell you that Ruth and Idgie have a partner/love relationship more than they show on the movie.  There are more characters in the book.  I didn't like that it jump from one timeline to another, kind of confusing really.  But I like the story version of the movie much better.
B004ULEEY8|5.0|This is a great war movie about aliens trying to dominate our planet by killing everyone and steal our nature resources. Great FX!
6305212112|5.0|This is the best movie I've ever seen.  Such a heartwarming and touching movie that will make you laugh and cry.  The actors were all so awesome in their respective roles. This is a movie for all time.
0312370849|1.0|I'm just about ready to throw this book against the wall. But it's a library copy so I'll write my frustrations instead.   The book splits the narrative between Sarah of 1942 and Julia of contemporary times. As with most books employing this trick, the reader has to put up with the less compelling narrative (Julia) to get to the more compelling (Sarah). Spoiler: there's a big disappointment when Sarah's narrative is dropped about two thirds into the book. It's at that point Julia becomes obsessed with atonement. That seems to be the thrust of Julia's character. She wants to find out what happened to Sarah, contact her and tell her she, Julia, is sorry. Sorry that she didn't know about this particular event called Vel' d'Hiv'. Julia is guilty of not knowing.  This is my biggest problem with \\"Sarah's Key.\\" No matter how much I learn about what the Nazis did, there's always one more low to learn about. They never fail to disappoint in that respect. It's important to know history, but one shouldn't confuse knowing the details of an event with knowing history. Having a historical understanding of an event means you understand the context of the events, you can see the big picture. You understand how something like that happened and, in the case of the Holocaust, how to keep it from happening again. Someone who lived through those events can fill out the details but they may not have a historical understanding of why things happened.  It's a repeated theme in \\"Sarah's Key\\" that many people aren't aware of the events at Velodrome d'Hiver in 1942. But is that willful ignorance? Not at all. Velodrome d'Hiver is another example of Nazi depravity. But for some reason Julia, the main character of \\"Sarah's Key\\" is on a mission to tell the world about Velodrome d'Hiver and by God she's just the girl to do it.  As a work of fiction, it's not enough to say, This horrible event happened. If the focus was on how this event took place -- that it could only have happened with the fullassistance of the French police, bus drivers and train operators -- then we could sit up and take notice. Beware, de Rosnay could say, this is how it started back then, it could happen today. She could have given us a harrowing view of how society slipped into hell. Instead she gives us a Harlequin Romance with the Holocaust as a backdrop. De Rosnay is so caught up in the sensational events of the time that she misses the opportunity to dive deep into the material and speak to us today by making it feel urgent and immediate.  Throughout the book, Julia's character was indecipherable to me. What was her motivation for her research? Why did she think anyone needed her apology? Was she just trying to rub her French in-laws' noses in the fact they they'd moved into the apartment of the doomed Jewish family? Add to this lack of direction a flaccid narrative voice and dialog. Here's an example: William, son of Sarah, says of his mom: \\"She didn't laugh much, but she was an intense person, and a loving mother.\\" Who talks like that!? He sounds like he's eulogizing a distant acquaintance. Later in that same paragraph: \\"No one knew who my mother was, Julia. Not even me. And that's what I still find so hard to live with. What brought her to her death, on that cold snowy day.\\" Are you kidding me? The dialog is that stagy all the way through, there's no feeling, no differentiation made between the chracters, everyone sounds the same, like the narrative of a bad novel.  Julia's relationship with her husband is another problem. He's handsome, confident. And an adulterer. Julia isn't even sure the affair is over. But before we find out about that, we get a sense that things are not quite right. Page 21 at the end of Julia's section she tells us: \\"...it suddenly occurred to me that I had put up with Bertrand's jabs for too long, and always with a good-natured shrug. And today, for some obscure reason, for the first time, I felt I had had enough.\\" OK!!! She's going to build a spine! She's going to let him have it!!! And then we find out about the affair and so we're ready for the show-down -- which never comes. At one point Bertrand talks about his mid-life crisis which is an American term, he points out with a sneer. He'd tried to tell her but she just wouldn't listen. Now he's all sad-face. And like a crowd at a tennis match, we turn to Julia for her killer backhand to put him away. What does she do? She touches his hand, feels bad, guilty for not being more attentive, blah blah blah. Did she forget her earlier resolve? Has she forgotten the affair? Has she forgotten that this guy is now telling her she has to have an abortion because he can't deal with taking care of a baby? Really, Bert? You changed the diapers on your first child so much you can't do that again? He says he imagined their 50s being like a second honeymoon. What planet does he live on? The one I'm in is going through a major economic upheaval. Ain't no one retiring. And if he's so rich that he can retire, I have one word for him: Nanny. What a jerk he is and what a jerk she is.  Julia writes the article about Vel' d'Hiv' and it's great and everyone likes it. But then the boss starts asking her about the French policemen who did the actual work of rounding up the Jews. In the story, these were policemen who knew their victims personally. Julia hears this, feels awful that she didn't explore that aspect. She even says something like \\"a real journalist would have gone into that.\\" A real journalist? I thought she was a real journalist. I thought de Rosnay was a real writer and would have used that as the driving narrative. Talk about having to say sorry!!! Who cares what a sniveling American woman has to say to Sarah. Give me the sweet-faced cop who, after throwing Sarah into that hell, helps her escape. Give me the truly guilty parties and let's hear their story.   On the book jacket one of the quotes likens this book to Sophie's Choice. Wrong. Sophie was an adult put into a nightmare situation and told she had a choice when in fact she had none. The tragedy is that she had to live with the consequences and punished herself for it, even seeking out abusive relationships to deal with her guilt. Sarah was a little girl whose parents didn't tell her what might happen and who, in all good faith, tried to save her little brother by locking him in the cabinet. That he died in the cabinet rather than in a gas chamber is not the point -- we cannot ascribe to Sarah the same level of agony that we allow Sophie. And even if Sarah was going through that kind of guilt, we see little of it outside a letter found late in the book. Her narrative ended once Julia learned of the facts. Thank you, Sarah, you may go now. Julia will take it from here. Too bad Julia didn't have the kind of guts Sarah had. Then we could feel good about the time we spent with her.
B0027DK206|1.0|About a week ago I finally purchased my Instant back for my Diana F+. I was about as excited as anyone can get about a camera, let me tell you. I finally received my lovely Instant back. I loaded the film all correctly, inserted NEW batteries and was ready to shoot. The first shot went well, trial and error right? When I got to my third shot the film would NOT come out. I read up on how to fix it without wasting the whole film pack. I turned off the lights in order to get the film out and hopefully save some, but nothing. No luck. I was also ordered 3 double packs of film from Amazon, only to waste them all because of faulty engineering. Every time I tried to eject the picture, it would stick. The problem is the little arm bar in the back that pushes the camera out.   I Went online and Amazon sent a replacement along with the film I had lost as well. I got it today. I was paying close attention to the packaging and it almost seemed like it had been previously opened. The tabs to close the box were ripped and the papers were wrinkled and the box was flimsily put together.  I put everything together ONCE AGAIN, and guess what, 4 shots in it gets caught again. I'm upset and totally displeased with LOMOGRAPHY. I've read multiple reviews where people have had the same problem. I will request a replacement one more time only because I see that it has worked wonderfully for people. Fingers crossed!
B0050QV0RQ|5.0|I don't rate apps, there are enough people that carry that torch. However, I felt that this game is so awesome, I had to give it some props. This game resembles the old school FF style, colors and fight system. I have beaten the game, and will play it again. Thanks for the awesome app!
0385737955|4.0|Whoa!  Can you say \\"suspense\\"?  How about \\"intense\\"?  This is one of those books that sticks to your fingers the moment you pick it up.  Meanwhile, your house goes to pot all around you and the kids start complaining that they're hungry.  Minor details - I could not put The Maze Runner down!<br /><br />Thomas wakes up in a creaky elevator with no recollection of his past life.  His memory has been wiped clean, and he has no idea where he's going.  After a long ride, he emerges in the Glade, home to about fifty other boys who came there in the same way.<br /><br />The Glade is a huge courtyard with massive walls all around it.  Inside the walls the boys are safe.  There, they farm, sleep and tend to their survival while trying to comprehend their situation.  Who are they?  Who put them here?  And why?  The answers, they believe, lie in the Maze.<br /><br />In the middle of each of the Glade's walls there is a doorway leading to a whole network of corridors.  Miles and miles of corridors fashioned of the same towering walls.  Each day, runners are dispatched to all corners to map the Maze.  There must be a way out, if only they can find it!  But each evening the runners are careful to return to the Glade.  For each evening the doors close, and Grievers stalk the corridors at night.  And each night, the walls of the Maze shift.<br /><br />Dashner does an extraordinary job crafting this novel.  We enter the glade just as clueless as Thomas, learning as he does, in little bits and pieces, driven always to understand this baffling situation.  When events beyond the ordinary begin to happen, the tensions between the  boys are superb, especially when the elevator delivers a girl!  And little hints of memory, little smatterings of guilt seem to indicate that Thomas isn't as innocent a participant as we hope.<br /><br />One thing I particularly enjoyed about this story was the lingo.  Instead of using common swear words, Dashner makes up a whole vocabulary of profanity unique to the Glade.  It really works, illustrating frustration and anger without becoming offensive, and it adds a degree of humor.  I'd much rather my kids call each other klunk, shuck, and slinthead than the usual litany of choices.<br /><br />This book is intended for an audience of teens.  It's pretty mild, for the most part, with more suspense than violence, but at the end, after the boys understand the desperation of their situation, things heat up.  The Griever attacks are bloody, and the climax ends in a fair amount of death.  But it isn't dark and senseless slaughter, rather it's bravery and sacrifice.  I enjoyed it immensely.<br /><br />**Disclaimer added after reading books 2 and 3:  While The Maze Runner is a fairly mild read, its sequels turn up the violence.  Let me emphasize a 12+ recommendation.lustrating frustration and anger without becoming offensive, and it adds a degree of humor.  I'd much rather my kids call each other klunk, shuck, and slinthead than the usual litany of choices.     This book is intended for an audience of teens.  It's pretty mild, for the most part, with more suspense than violence, but at the end, after the boys understand the desperation of their situation, things heat up.  The Griever attacks are bloody, and the climax ends in a fair amount of death.  But it isn't dark and senseless slaughter, rather it's bravery and sacrifice.  I enjoyed it immensely.     **Disclaimer added after reading books 2 and 3:  While The Maze Runner is a fairly mild read, its sequels turn up the violence.  Let me emphasize a 12+ recommendation.
B004FPLJOW|5.0|A good but rated movie, The Final Destination (Rental), is a very nice job if you like this type of movies. I will wait final destination 5 , on blu ray / dvd.
B000HEWEEY|5.0|This is my 2nd comment on this item.I had the original dvd of the movie, but gave it away after the collector edition arrived. The picture quality and sound is the ultimate You can get with a dvd. The extra items included with the collection are priceless to me and the deleated and outtake scenes are a must see for real sci-fi fans. Dont Miss this chance to own this ultimate collection at this price or any price. You'll be glad You bought this. I am.
B001MS7IBS|5.0|Fringe: The Complete First Season (+ BD-Live) [Blu-ray]  My type of tv show , i watch and watch again , the lab of Walter is Great, the picture is the best.
B005WGBQ9G|5.0|A must watch TV show! The best zombie movie/show I've seen in years. Highly recommended! It does follow a story line pretty close, you need to watch them all in order from the start to understand everything that's going on between everybody... But the whole 1st season is on Netflix's watch instantly. Go catch up!
B004X2M7MK|5.0|The Prequel to Episode 1 [HD]  no words for this sample of the show, if the full show are like the prequel , Doctor Who is very good, no more talking!
B00127RAJY|4.0|I have been doing the 30 Day Shred for 5 weeks now and LOVE it.  The modified version helps you to ease your way in.  I added the hand weights for 1 week then stopped using them. It was too much, too fast ~ for me.  I started having a lot of shoulder pain.  That ceased once I quit using the hand weights.  I found Level 2 to be the most difficult ~ but I have touchy knees.  It was too much impact so I went back to level 1.  I began Level 3 just this week and it really steps up your workout.  There doesn't seem to be TOO much impact on the knees but I'll know more in a week.  During the 5 weeks, I have lost 18 pounds which I am thrilled about.  I was afraid that the workout would be too advanced for me, as I am quite overweight.  But, I'm taking it slowly, adding as I go.  I highly recommend this workout if you have a limited time schedule.
B0012UHSDO|1.0|AMC's - what is this? is a no sense or no nothing show ? this is fun? i don't  understand , people do you like this? no more words.
B004T5K3OK|5.0|App does everything it describes to do. simply take a picture or use one saved on your phone. Top 5 apps needed for any phone!
B0013ND36G|5.0|Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines [Blu-ray]  This is a movie that people don't watch so much , but is very good, and i'am a fan.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|I received what I ordered in an acceptable amount of time. I did not have to contact anyone and the material arrived in perfect condition.
B00288KNJU|5.0|Coraline (Two-Disc Blu-ray/DVD Combo w/ Anaglyph 3D)  stop motion - this is a animation , that costs a lot , wonderful in 2d or 3d , very complete combo!
B001RTSPVY|5.0|This is the greatest TV show I have ever seen, literally. I used to think the Wire was the greatest, until I saw this. I could not stop watching the DVD set and went through seasons 1 -3 in like 2 weeks. When I showed it to my parents, we watched the entire 1st season non-stop, all seven episodes. It's addicting, groundbreaking and cinematic. It's filmed, written and produced not like a TV show but like one very, very long movie. Every episode ends with an intense cliffhanger that forces you to watch the next episode right away. I am so bummed I have to wait until next summer for season 5 to start.
B005OHSNMG|2.0|not for me , not my type of show , try to sell this for the 18 years old females.
B005HS00NW|5.0|In creating \\"Hurry Up, We're Dreaming,\\" Anthony Gonzalez most certainly swung for the bleachers. Unafraid of a potential whiff, Gonzalez stuffed the record with everything he could dream up, and in so-doing created a record most comparable with other double \\"everything but the kitchen sink\\" albums like the White Album, the Wall, and Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness. In sequencing the album, Gonzalez is largely successful, never generating a feeling that the record could have drastically benefitted from a more serious editing eye.<br /><br />Ultimately, what you hear on this record is the influence of the '80s. Gonzalez has always pulled his emotional direction from the bubblegum neon lights of classic teen films like the Breakfast Club, but on this record his sounds are far more diverse, bringing back his long love for shoegaze but pairing it with the tribal sounds of Peter Gabriel's best work and a pop sensibility worthy of the decade's greatest hooks.<br /><br />Glowing reviews from the blogosphere will certainly bring in a number of new fans, and with the diversity and creativity on display, anybody should be able to find something to like about M83's latest. As with most double albums, the record tends to fade a bit towards the end, with some of the best tracks padding out the very beginning. \\"Intro\\" features a stellar vocal take from Zola Jesus, who brings a yearning and depth that is sometimes missing from Gonzalez's thinner voice. Lead single \\"Midnight City\\" is a stellar jam and sure to fall on virtually every year-end best list, and it really nails home the explosive aesthetic of the album.<br /><br />Though none of the tracks on this album really stand out to me in the way that \\"Kim & Jessie\\" or \\"Graveyard Girl\\" did on Saturdays = Youth, this record stands as the more consistent of the two. My biggest gripe falls more on the technical aspect of this record: clocking in at around 70 minutes, this album hardly calls for a 2 CD release that will require people to switch out CDs in their car or home stereo to listen to the entire record.eir car or home stereo to listen to the entire record.
B0046MOVD0|5.0|Resident Evil: Afterlife [Blu-ray]  Fan: i like the series of movies of Resident Evil, i'am suspect to write about!  All are good for me.
B005WGBQ9G|5.0|I'm so glad this show is back! I love Zombie flicks and this show is one of my favourites.  Lots of suspense, drama, an amazing cliffhanger, and plenty of blood n' guts! What more could you want?
1582406723|4.0|For a comic book, this title has surprising depth in terms of character. The art is clean and detailed. The comic is in black and white and I somehow find it works well with this comic. Characters are beautifully drawn and consistent. Each character is unique, even the zombies. I'd recommend this book to those who are fatigue by recent onslaught of superheroes comic!
0765340798|5.0|It took me about halfway through The Butlerian Jihad to really get a feel for the characters and enjoy the story. Having very much liked the Prelude to Dune Trilogy, I was relieved when I was able to get into that book and the subsequent Machine Crusade. The Battle of Corrin may just be the best of the three (although, really, I feel the trilogy is best viewed as one long story published in three volumes).<br /><br />If you've gotten this far into the Dune novels by Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson, you know what you're going to get in a lot of regards, and you probably already have an opinion, either favorable or not, of how they construct their stories:<br /><br />1. Sweeping, intersecting plots.<br />2. Many characters on numerous worlds.<br />3. Short chapters.<br />4. Compared with Frank Herbert, writing that is more focused on plot and action than subtlety and philosophy.<br /><br />Some people can't get past the fact that this is not Frank Herbert and therefore view anything else done in the Dune universe as unacceptable. I'm not one of those people. I think the Herbert/Anderson team has done an incredible job building upon the foundation Frank Herbert created, and I very much enjoy the characters and multifaceted plots that weave together, telling the story of a century-long war, as well as the beginning of the Bene Gesserit, the Fremen, and the Spacing Guild. Though the chapters are sometimes too short, and there are so many characters to keep straight, there are a lot of emotionally resonant moments.<br /><br />Prequels have a couple major challenges: Staying true to the original and leading you to a known endpoint in interesting and unexpected ways. I think the Butlerian Jihad trilogy does this remarkably well. We know that humanity wins the war against the thinking machines, and we know that there will be a split between the Harkonnens and Atreides, but how it happens is extremely fascinating. If you liked the first two books in this series, then I think you'll like The Battle of Corrin as well.
B005OL7Z30|2.0|The God Delusion does not convince me at all of the non-existence of a supreme intelligent entity. De facto, Dawkins implies that the origin and nature of the universe is random. Logically, a set of infinite random conditional sequential outcomes notwithstanding infinity implies chaos.<br /><br />From what point does \\"evolution\\" prove the non- existence of a supreme intelligent entity, prior to singularity, when nothing existed, not space, time, matter, or energy - nothing?<br /><br />Nothing material in this book. In fairness nothing substantial from apologetics on this topic.
B005HV6Y5W|4.0|I think if I were an American, especially from the mid west, I would have cried a lot. Very interesting, well worth watching, or perhaps worth suffering through.
086571701X|5.0|For a first time writer, this is an amazing book. Just by reading the preface, you will automatically want to read this book.  It is written so well you don't even have to be interested in Aquaponic Gardening to find it a good read.....
B0049P1ZZQ|3.0|This show is incredible, but for some reason when you buy the original version and not the new re-release version of the blu-ray product, the second disc is simply a DVD not blu-ray like previously anticipated. The first four episodes are high quality but the last 2 are on the second disc and are obviously not nearly as good quality when watching them compared to the first 4. I feel like I just got punked by AMC, then they re-release the whole thing in a bigger, better package with an extra disc of bonus materials. Thanks for the love AMC, I hope that second disc saved you a good chunk of change and ripped off your consumer. Never buying a show I watch on AMC again.
0765322889|2.0|I rarely spend the time reviewing books because by the time I get around to reading something almost every intelligent point has already been covered elsewhere. With regards to this series though, I feel obliged to chime in with a rating (and thus also a few words) as I am truly puzzled as to how this series is rated so highly (it makes sense as you move along the series as most of the 'haters' will have abandoned ship by then).   The author tries so hard to create an 'epic tale', carrying on with at least a half dozen story lines, but in the end the book just feels empty and lost. Truly remarkable for books that are hundreds upon hundreds of pages. There are some other issues as well such as absurd plot devices; someone really enjoys their deus ex machina. It's not all bad so I won't give it one star, but if you are going to invest hundreds of hours of your life into something - it better be reallly good and this just isn't. Save yourself the time and look elsewhere.
B0055SWM08|5.0|This is one best puzzle games I've ever played. The music is wonderful and the artwork. Most importantly the puzzles are designed almost perfect where you never feel overwhelmed and the game stays fun. This is a game for everyone. Enjoy
B004HO6I4M|5.0|I really enjoyed the movie Rio! The art work is fantastic, the music is great and the story is fun!  It makes you want to go to see the city of Rio de Janeiro too.
B001C4AFOY|5.0|This movie is so lovely (especially the stars - Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend) that its easy to forgive the slight liberties it takes with the actual history of the marriage between Prince Albert and Queen Victoria.
B004P8JPS6|3.0|This book is set in the past and attempts to explain how Reacher became the lone wanderer. But it raises annoying questions, like: what did Jack Reacher do with his military pay all those years? He doesn't own anything at all, not even a car or clothes. His parents are dead and he must have inherited something; where did it all go? He's not a gambler or drinker, and has no interests or hobbies. What happened to the money? At the end of this book, he begins his wanderings, leaving a stunningly beautiful woman behind, who wants nothing more than sex with the Major, anywhere, anytime. Sure, he's out of the Army, but why would he leave her? He even likes her. She used to be an MP, too.<br /><br />Reacher was better when there was no attempt to explain anything. He was just the lone hero, coming from nowehere, doing heroic deeds, just because he's a hero. Trying to explain him is a mistake.<br /><br />Other than the attempted backstory, this is a standard Reacher book, involving a small town and an evil conspiracy. He encounters some hostile yokels who he dispatches with one blow each, after some overdone bragging, He wipes out the evildoers and goes away, leaving the local beauty pining alone in her bed.<br /><br />The military uses the up or out principle for its officers. If you can't move to the next level, you leave. Reacher has gotten dull and predictable. It's time for something new, not just the old small town meanies. Otherwise, he should retire.
B002QKZLZ6|5.0|The product arrived promptly and was in excellent condition. It was shipped in a plastic bag which was well packaged and protected. This case is a life saver, it really protects my Blue tooth device and clips nicely to my phone case or tucks nicely into my shirt pocket or pants pocket. It's semi-hard, not a fully hard case, but does a nice job of protecting the delicate parts of my blue-tooth.
B0017TFLBQ|5.0|Amazing game, it will literally control your life. You will find yourself playing until 4 am and seriously sleep deprived. Your spouse may even accuse you of cheating! That is how amazingly addicting this game is..simply a masterpiece.   p.s.- The shipping was ridiculously quick
B004J1DBJI|1.0|This used to work for great but since last update it crashes everytime. Don't buy you'll be sorry. EVO 3D
B00127RAJY|4.0|I am trying to lose 12lbs so that I can be back at my pre-preggy weight.  Walking and yoga were ok, but not enough.  I began the 30 day shred on 9/14/2011 and as of 10/18/2011 I have done 28 sessions.  I did no other excercise.  I would usually do 2 workout sessions back to back (level 1&2, 1&3, 2&3, 3&1...) 3-4 times/week.  If I was in a hurry then I would only do one session.  I used one lb ankle weights that I already owned as my hand weights.  I did not change my diet (too lazy & I love to eat).    This is a very tough exercise.  My first 2 weeks, I was soooo sore/achy every day.  I'm sure this was b/c I did 2 sessions instead of one.  By the 3rd & 4th week, the exercise became a little bit easier to do, BUT still very tough.  I have no more muscle aches!  According to the scale, I have not lost any weight.  I do feel stronger and better.  It would have been better had I measured myself and see how many inches lost rather than pounds lost.  I tried on a black strapless dress from my pre-mommy days and I was able to zip the dress up!  This is major esp since before I could not even zip the dress half way up...  The intro that everyone complains about is about 2-3 minutes long on my dvd.  Put the dvd in, push play & go get your water, mat & weights and stretch.  I think I'm gonna try some of her other work-outs.  After one month, this one is getting boring.
B005HI4LMS|5.0|Tucker and Dale is AMAZING! I'm very hard to please when it comes to movies. It's so rare that I watch a movie and don't have anything negative to say, and rare that I am 100% entertianed. I watched this On Demand for $6.99, I could access it for a full 48 hours and I literally watched it 6 times in 2 days. Yes, it's THAT good!<br /><br />I never, ever buy DVD's anymore, but best believe I will be buying this one!
B005LJK3AC|5.0|I am not getting how this movie got such a terrible low number of stars from reviewers. Were they looking for Shakespeare?  It is clearly a light comedy, and on that level I thought it delivered in spades. I found myself laughing out loud several times. The chemistry between the actors added to the believability of the preposterous plot, a plot that Abbott and Costello or the three stooges would have found themselves comfortable in. The writers dodged cliches and stayed on the edge and I only caught the drift of the surprise twist about three quarters of the way through. I write and I know plot devices, there are only so many and the makers of \\"Horrible Bosses\\" managed to find a few new twists and keep the dialog fresh. That is if the viewer can dispense with a few levels of disbelief that anyone could be so moronic or deranged. In fact there are many people who are as moronic and  deranged as the actors characters, so it wasn't that much of a stretch.   Jennifer Aniston in the sexiest role I have ever seen her in. Kevin Spacey shined as the machiavellian manipulator, as did Colin Ferrel, who takes a part way out of his usual range. the three principals were consistently funny, playing off each other like real friends would. This was a great \\"light comedy\\" movie in my opinion.
B002WJI63A|4.0|We searched low, we searched high.  We found Toadstool along the way, my brother and I did.  We gained and lost super powers at the hands of blocks and Goombas more time than I care to recount; but we were on a mission.  No brick would go unsmashed, no flag unlowered until we found Princess Peach.  We would tear down every last stone of the evil Koopa's empire in search of Our Fair Monarch.  The King Koopa, Bowser himself, would be made to pay for this offront.  And so we found Peach not in a Koopa castle, but on Amazon.  For sale.  Thus was her liberty purchased, and she was delivered back to us.  We gave her to our nephew for his 11th birthday, secreting her under Luigi and Yoshi (purchased elsewhere, look for my reviews). He was thrilled to receive her as a gift, the prefect compliment to his growing collection of Mario-themed toys.  We'd recommend her for a mature 4 year old, or an immature 6 year old.  There are bits and pieces of her that we can see coming off if tugged by little hands and easily ingested / aspirated.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|what can I say,,, it is a must. I have a 55\\" LCD 240HZ TV, watching them was a great experience. The bonus material is endless, and very interesting. If u are StarWars you must own them
086571701X|5.0|I just finished this amazing book.  I already knew a good deal about aquaponics - at least I thought I did - when I decided I had to read this book to see what the buzz was all about.  What a great decision and what a great read.  Here's why.<br /><br />My first impression when I opened up the box I received from Amazon was this is a beautiful cover.  I also noticed from the logo on the cover, that the book is a Mother Earth News book selection.  Then I flipped it over and immediately spotted that two experts with whom I am personally aware, loved and endorsed the book.  This caused me to immediately flip to the Table of Contents.<br /><br />I found that the list of topics with lots of promised detail was all that I was hoping for.  Because the Table of Contents is not visible from within Amazon (publisher and author, I suggest you fix this), I provide some detail here.  The book is organized into five main Sections each with two or more chapters (there are 15 chapters in all) plus seven appendices intended as reference resources and a full index.<br /><br />Section One introduces Aquaponics and puts it into perspective not only relative to other growing methods, but also with regard to the ever increasing issues and challenges that our global population is encountering with food supplies, food safety, food cost, and the impact of agriculture on the planet.  This section closes with several pages on the idea of producing food right at your home.  Some may think they want to skip the introduction.  I think doing so would be a lost opportunity to see just how important aquaponics may prove to be to all of us in the years to come.<br /><br />Section Two is called The Plan.  Ultimately, this book is about how you can become an aquaponics gardener at home.  This section paints the broad picture you will need to get your own aquaponics garden right on the first try.  It engagingly lays out the main elements of an aquaponics system, describes the factors that should drive your design and tells you what your options are.<br /><br />Sections Three and Four are cleverly called the Hardware and the Software.  The hardware is about the components you will you use to construct your system.  It tells you what you will need and also gives you the detail you will want to go ahead and design and build your own system (or to know what to look for if you want to buy one from someone else).<br /><br />The software is about the four kinds of creatures that will inhabit your system, namely the fish, the plants, the bacteria, and likely the composting worms (optional, but highly recommended).  Just as with the hardware, this section paints a broad picture but also gives you lots of detail so you will know what you need to know.  As I said above, I already knew lots about aquaponics but I found these two sections to be completely comprehensive with several nuggets that I had not known before I started reading.<br /><br />Section Five resets your thinking away from all the bits and pieces to the integrated system that aquaponics truly is.  It explains how to get your system up and running, and how to keep it up and running through the next days, weeks, months, and hopefully years of productive use.<br /><br />The Appendices cover troubleshooting, a priceless compendium of Rules of Thumb, a list of (very funny) dumb things the author has done in her journey with aquaponics, some thoughts on starting a commercial aquaponics operation, some useful checklists for running a system, and a list of recommended references.<br /><br />Wow, what a great book!  It was a great read and now it is a great reference for me.  I have already found myself wanting to double check something and using the index to find what I wanted.  The last part of this book is the only one I have not yet explored.  The author sites three plus pages of references she used when writing the book.  I think I will check out at least a few of these.tions are.  Sections Three and Four are cleverly called the Hardware and the Software.  The hardware is about the components you will you use to construct your system.  It tells you what you will need and also gives you the detail you will want to go ahead and design and build your own system (or to know what to look for if you want to buy one from someone else).   The software is about the four kinds of creatures that will inhabit your system, namely the fish, the plants, the bacteria, and likely the composting worms (optional, but highly recommended).  Just as with the hardware, this section paints a broad picture but also gives you lots of detail so you will know what you need to know.  As I said above, I already knew lots about aquaponics but I found these two sections to be completely comprehensive with several nuggets that I had not known before I started reading.  Section Five resets your thinking away from all the bits and pieces to the integrated system that aquaponics truly is.  It explains how to get your system up and running, and how to keep it up and running through the next days, weeks, months, and hopefully years of productive use.    The Appendices cover troubleshooting, a priceless compendium of Rules of Thumb, a list of (very funny) dumb things the author has done in her journey with aquaponics, some thoughts on starting a commercial aquaponics operation, some useful checklists for running a system, and a list of recommended references.  Wow, what a great book!  It was a great read and now it is a great reference for me.  I have already found myself wanting to double check something and using the index to find what I wanted.  The last part of this book is the only one I have not yet explored.  The author sites three plus pages of references she used when writing the book.  I think I will check out at least a few of these.
B002HFP0QU|4.0|This is definately a good price. I looked for a long time before ordering. Received in a timely manner and am laying back with old tunes.
B0057UA4FY|5.0|My son and I watch this together and we both love it.  I really think that they did a good job on the computer animated Clone Wars series.  It captures my 4-year old's attention and fuels his imagination.  I was 7 when the original Star Wars hit theaters back in the 70's.  It's great that Star Wars is still around and still cranking out new content for yet another generation of wannabe space pilots.  Great series, great DVD boxed set.  We love it.  I've already got season 2 stashed away in the closet for Christmas.
0060558121|5.0|Quite simply, one of the best books I've ever read.  Neil Gaiman is a genius and \\"American Gods\\" was his breakout novel with good reason.  My first copy of this book was lent to a friend whose teenage son then picked it up, and the last I knew it was making the rounds of the city I was living in at the time.  Thought-provoking, adventurous and both highly intelligent and highly readable - a rarity in my experience.  This is a good introduction to Gaiman's work.
B005MSD75U|5.0|This movie is a must see! I loved this movie from the start to end. It kept me laughing nonstop. The storyline, animals and actors in this movie were awesome. If I had to pick a favorite scene it would be Gorilla and James at TGI Fridays. It was too funny for words! I am a huge fan of Mr. James and glad he made this film.
1423101472|5.0|[[ASIN:1423101502 The Last Olympian (Percy Jackson and the Olympians, Book 5)]]<br /><br />I'm a grown 30-year-old woman who began reading this series out of a curiosity because of my love of Ancient Greek Mythology. I thought the first book was better by far than the movie so I kept on reading the series.<br /><br />A lot of books get thrown in as being Harry Potter knock offs as if the author is intentionally trying to compete with the stunning accomplishments of J.K. Rowling now that Harry Potter is complete.  You can't measure all young adult fiction by that measuring stick.  It's apples and oranges!<br /><br />When I got to this book I was enjoying the series immensely because I love mythology in general.  Plus I found the exploits of the demigods to be intriguing and out right humorous at times.  Then this book came and put another layer entirely to the series and became my favorite book of the now 5 out there.<br /><br />It isn't often that I'm surprised in the land of young adult fiction let alone do I become floored by plot twists.  This book had a darker tone with more complex ideas.<br /><br />Getting to this book alone was worth reading the others even if I hadn't enjoyed them each for their own reasons.<br /><br />This book also had a message.  A value, if your will....<br /><br />And that sort of was the cherry on top.  I loved this book.
0307932427|3.0|The entire thing was written in a very formulaic academic style, and though I am not a student in this field(anthropology), I felt that a lot of the info in this book was either common knowledge or very specific but lacking punch(like a hard focus on the series of event that led to the capture of an Aztec queen by cortez, to further the hypothesis that groups on the north American continent were more trusting than the white people who came here by boat. well duh. )  Jamie Diamond should go through this book, chapter by chapter and ask himself a couple of questions. 1) What am I arguing? 2)Why am I arguing it? and 3) is there anything new here and how can i highlight THAT?
B0007M22TI|5.0|See them in person - well worth the price.  Then come home and enjoy their DVD again and again. Beautiful voices - every one!
B004DMNT2W|5.0|Love this video case. Perfect for our trips to Walt Disney World.  Walking around the parks, you don't want too many things weighing you down. The strap is helpful becasue then we can just attach it to our belt if we need to. Super light weight and compact!
B004A8EI9M|5.0|loved it very awesome u can use coinstar to get a amazon ecard to have a giftcard balance to watch it :D
B003O86FMW|5.0|This book was amazing. Was lauging out loud on what Peeta had said of him and Katniss and was suprised too that he said it. But to me when they went to the Games it was kinda slow due to there was no killing each other and I was kinda confused, until it came out of why and so it made sence. I cried because of how Katniss felt for Peeta. Now im on the 3rd book. But anyways this book it worth it and its a wonderful read!!
B005HV6Y5W|1.0|This movie shows the arrogance and Narcissism of the director. This movie is all about him and his pathological ego than anything else. He is the most boring of egotists to expect people to sit through his tedious direction without wanting to scream out loud and demand his exile to a place where he can disappear into the oblivion he deserves. He makes me hate movies. He obviously is a tedious, self-absorbed, progressive, elitist, rich democrat. What crap he makes poor, blind suckers swallow.
0316067938|1.0|i still have not received this order! what is the problem? the local post offie does not have it in their office. please where is my package?
B004J4WKTW|5.0|I don't know where to begin. This book is something completely different. But a really good different! I didn't want the story to end....just magically lovely!
B0027BOL4G|5.0|Food Inc is very informative.  It gives one a different view on how are foods are processed.  Its an eye opener.  I have changed my eating habits because it.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|At first I did not really want to read this book. My friend convinced me and now I cant put them down. After I got done reading this book I went to the next. THis book made me laugh, cry, and it made me sad. Its sad how Katniss and Gale family live. It also it's sad how the Capitol has all these poeple from different districts doing game competition to the death for food. Loved how Katniss ended up becoming Peeta partner to win and just loved what they did at the end. I am Team Katniss all the way. It is a must read and its so worth the time.
B00466HN86|5.0|This is the best movie I have ever seen. I always appreciate encouragement to do better in areas of my life..like parenting. This movie will help you appreciate your family and make you realize who makes it complete...that's Jesus.
B0053TMP24|4.0|Rick Riodan an amazing author he created the award winning Percy Jackson and the olmpians sieries and the heroes of olympus. Percy is confused Hazel should be dead and frank's life depends on a stick! find out in the newest book. !!!!!!!!!!! ! !!!!!!!  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B003ELOQD4|2.0|The worst performance i saw of U2, it seems like the band does'nt want to play anymore...sorry folks but for me it has to be the End !!!!!!! U2 no tiene ganas de continuar es lo peor que he visto en video, es una lamentable presentacíon que se basa mas en lo teconlógico, para mi es el fin, no me interesa mas !!!!!!!!
B005M92MJ6|5.0|Been listening to it on my computer for weeks until the release day..... finally got to buy it and play it on my Bose system in my car and WOW!!!!! It sounds sooooo good. I cannot describe the difference this makes when putting it on a good system.  1st song: Tiny Monsters. Wasn't really into it at first but after now getting a good listen on some decent speakers, the synths and bass breakdown in the middle of the song is just mind blowing and keeps the song flowing at an awesome pace throughout the end. Just crank this one up and let it hit you.  2nd song: Green Valley. Maynard gets to show off his vocals and show everyone why he is one of the great vocalists of our time in the early stages of this song. Carina Round joins him in perfect harmony, and then the bassline slowly fades in before the drums crash in, bassline picks, up and carries this one the rest of the way. Very solid song to set up the rest of the album.  3rd song: Monsoons: Very electronic sounding with synths the whole way through. Maynards vocals also sound amazing in this one..... On previous puscifer albums he used his deep robotic sounding voice.... but in this song he goes back to his apc type vocals and they really shine on this track.  4th song: Telling Ghosts: Starts of with a haunting guitar strum that blasts into the drums and Maynard yelling \\"the more you take the more you need...\\" keeping a rather high pace for a few seconds before coming back down with some really good sounding guitar parts along with maynard vocs..... then picks right back up with a solid bass sound that will have your head starting to bob up and down. I really like the pace of this song by how it slows down and picks back up several times throughout the track. Carina Round with supporting backup vocals.(she has a great voice)  5th song: Horizons: One of my favorites from first listens of the album. I think Maynard's voice is on it's best display right here. Sounds just amazing. Soft guitar along with Keenan's voicewith a heavy drum sound throughout the first half of the song. Then at about 2:15 Puscifer shows off their electronic unique sound that just seems to hit home til the end.  6th Song: Man Overboard: I'm sure everyone has heard this song by now as they have advertised it like crazy before the album came out. Very unique and out of the norm song in my opinion. Starts off with a weird guitar strum with maynard singing in his deep voice...then the drums start to pound away with an almost queens of the stone age guitar/piano sound. As the song picks up and goes into the 2nd and 3rd chorus, I love the haunting organ sound that they put together with the drum beat. Poseidon's on a mission, about to turn it up to 11, captain to the seamen, toss the extras over, about to take on water..... could this song be Aenima part 2? Crank this song up to hear it like it should be heard.  Ok now the album gets into my favorite part with the next 3 songs..... Definitely my top 3 songs as of right now.  7th Song: Toma: This song just plain out owns. Toolesque singing style from maynard with the growling lyrics. Very heavy bass lines (WHICH SOUND AWESOME ON A GREAT STEREO IF I NEED TO SAY THIS AGAIN!!!!!) Drumming and deep bass with haunting backing vocals just carries this song. Don't know how you cannot like this one.  8th Song: The Rapture: Probably on top right now for me. Start off with soft deep drums with a haunting bass guitar (I use haunting a lot but seriously it is just a deep mood sound) Maynards vocs to me seem to be going in and out of apc, puscifer and tool mode throughout the whole song he just has amazing range. Backup vocals with Carina Round as they sing \\"About to drop you like Kane(spelling?), like Kane dropped Abel, about to drop you like Kane I've had enough of your voodoo, about to drop you like Kane you better hope that he takes you before I do\\" (love this line). Guitar sets the tone for the rest of the song as it is a deep and steady riff as maynard pops in and out. Then when you think it's over they let all of the instruments go off and play while Maynard hums in the backround. Great, great, great song.  9th Song: Conditions of My Parole: Title track and one of my favs..... Def sounds like Puscifer. Deep bass riffs, maynard singing low hooo hooo ohhh oohh ohh whoah whoaaah whoaa ohhh.... Clever fast paced lyrics, mixing in accoustic guitar just flows so well. This one should have your head bobbing if not better check your pulse... cuz you might be a zombie or a dracula.   10th Song: The Weaver: Song hasn't really done anything for me yet. A lot of people were commenting that this was one of their favorites. Maynard's vocals sound great but to me it's just missing something. I'll def give it more listens though.   11th Song: Oceans: Deep electric sound to start off. Soft maynard lyrics. Soft drum beat. Carina Round backing up. Very peaceful chill song. Picks up a bit towards the end but not much to talk or write home about.  12th Song: Tumbleweed: Starts off with a banjo twangin away with Carina Round showin off the vocs. Maynard then joins her in his high voice.... kind of reminds me of when he sang mohhammed my friend with tori amos(if you have not seen that look it up on youtube right now.... it is amazing)... Banjo picks up dramatically while maynard and carina keep their slow and steady pace. I really love when the drum comes in on this song with the fast banjo sound. Beautiful sounding song to slowly digest the album as it comes to an end.  Comment and Write on my review and thanks guys!!!!!! AND BUY THIS ALBUM IT IS GREAT!!!!!
B0058VW36U|5.0|I play this game when I &quot;file paperwork&quot; at work...beat in about a week...would love to see more levels more frequently!!!
B004PR71JC|5.0|We loved the movie and wanted to be able to sing along. My grandkids love having it in the car for car ride sing alongs. Such a great variety of music styles!! Such a fun movie and sound track! We will enjoy for a long time. Highly recommended!
0553103547|5.0|Confronted by a new concept in fantasy realm, this is the introductory novel to a world of a coming winter that will last for decades. With seven Royal families fighting over control, there are some great descriptive characters that feature kings and queens who struggle for control of the throne. There is a mysterious wall to the North, guarded by outcasts from whatlies beyond. It is intruiging from the beginning.  Our hero, Lord Stark of Winterfell, seems to be a down-to-earth family Lord, but is forced to leave them behind after his younger son is injured, He comes south to act in the role of chief councilor to the newly appointed King, a good ally of Stark although his family disagree. While he is away, Lord Stark's wife and children soon become the main characters of a plot unfolding and dark deeds galore.<br /><br />This is a great action book set in an extraordinary setting with such detailed description, you feel you are there. Am now plotting on buying the next novel and hope it keeps to the same high standard of adventure and escapism.[[ASIN:0553386794 A Game of Thrones: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book One]]
B002VLNHZQ|2.0|The subtitle for the book should be \\"And Really Annoy People.\\"  I like the idea of this book, but it really is more or less just hounding people until you get what you want.  For some people that might work, but it just doesn't fit my personality.
0670022950|5.0|A follow-up revision--at the urging of other reviewers, I have revised my rating to reflect the substantive merits of this book. It is, quite simply, a great book. I am of two minds about the debate my original low star rating triggered among several commentators. On the one hand, Professor Pinker's book is brilliant, fascinating, highly readable, and important. On the other hand, Amazon has not kept faith with its customers, and Viking needs to be made aware that the e-book for which it is responsible is flawed, and that that is not acceptable. As reviewers on the Amazon site, we may be a community of readers, but we are also a community of consumers, and in that role I say we need to have each other's backs. I do want to report that I have exchanged emails with Mr. Pinker (with less than modest faith at this juncture in  Amazon, I thought the author might more effectively spark corrective action from the publisher than the seller). Professor Pinker replied to my first email promptly and graciously, alerted his Viking editor, and, after I sent detailed notes on the e-book flaws that Viking requested, sent me this note: \\"Many thanks, Daniel. I've passed that list of flaws, which are significant ones, to my editor.\\" With all that said, what follows is my original, admittedly (but of course I think justifiably) irritable review:<br /><br />I bought it and found the note numbers in the text have no functionality and pages numbers are missing from the extensive index even though the Kindle edition is paginated. This is unacceptable for a $20 e-book. An Amazon service  rep agreed with me after both written exchanges and a long phone conversation, after which he sent me an email that reads, in part, \\"Thanks for bringing this to our attention! I am going to take this item off of our website until the issue has been resolved.  I appreciate your understanding. Thanks for using Kindle.\\"<br /><br /> Well, the book is still on the Amazon Web site, and the copy promoting the e-book in the Kindle Store still does not disclose these serious deficiencies in the Kindle edition. Those of us who are serious readers on Kindle--and Pinker's is without question a serious, important, and intellectually exciting book--need to let Amazon and publisher Viking (responsible for the Kindle Store copy on the book according to Amazon) know that failure to disclose known product defects to loyal customers just won't do and is risky business to boot. BOTTOM LINE, SEND A MESSAGE: DO NOT BUY THE KINDLE EDITION TILL VIKING SUPPLIES AMAZON WITH A FUNCTIONAL E-BOOK.ore still does not disclose these serious deficiencies in the Kindle edition. Those of us who are serious readers on Kindle--and Pinker's is without question a serious, important, and intellectually exciting book--need to let Amazon and publisher Viking (responsible for the Kindle Store copy on the book according to Amazon) know that failure to disclose known product defects to loyal customers just won't do and is risky business to boot. BOTTOM LINE, SEND A MESSAGE: DO NOT BUY THE KINDLE EDITION TILL VIKING SUPPLIES AMAZON WITH A FUNCTIONAL E-BOOK.
B005DKLPQ0|5.0|The Smiths are my favorite band after The Beatles and anyone who loves them like that must have this box set; the music sounds great (I've been waiting for remasters of these incredible albums for close to decade) and the mini lp replicas are beautifully done and a classy edition to the collection.
B0014JLYS8|5.0|I purchased these for my son who co-owns & manages 3 cafes. He absolutely loves them! They are so comfortable and also practical for work with their non-skid sole. Highly recommmend!!
1582406723|3.0|I did this in reverse of most people - I watched the show and then bought the graphic novels.  The storyline is awesome and pretty much the same, but, truth be told, I like where the TV show is headed as compared to the graphic novels.  I understand there's only so much you can do with one or two plots, but by the time you get to the fifth or sixth book, you have a hard time keeping all of the stories straight.  If you absolutely have to choose between the graphic novels and buying the show on Blu-Ray, go with the show.
B005UKJX4E|1.0|In reading all the rave reviews I have come to the conclusion that I am one of the haters. When I first started watching I thought I had rented a Planet Earth episode. Squirming in my chair, I waited for some dialog, some actual people. Finally I fast-forwarded until I saw some humans on my screen. It was tolerable after that but definitely not what I had expected from the synopsis that I read. If you're not into artsy films, don't watch this one. I can't figure out what all the fuss is about, I'm not one who gives up on a film once I start watching but I almost did on this one.
0345529057|5.0|I was kind of hesitant to purchase this set based on the negative reviews regarding the quality of these books.  After reading all four I can report that none of the pages fell out and that the none of the chapters were repeated.  The previous reviewers must have received a defective batch.    This is a great deal and if you're interested in reading these books, this is the best value by far.
B005I64U5C|1.0|I would love to touch on the merits and drawbacks of this movie, but I am so furious at having been defrauded about this particular package that I am at a level of rage previously unknown to the human experience.<br /><br />Warner Brothers has really pulled a fast one with this 3D edition that was supposed to include everything with this \\"UltraViolet\\" digital copy. It's NOT a digital copy, but rather an authorization to access a streaming video of the original cut of the movie online. This is NOT the package I pre-ordered! When I saw the commercials for the \\"UltraViolet\\" digital copy, I thought there would be some special feature-- I never dreamed that special feature would be WB promising me a digital copy that I couldn't use in iTunes EVEN THOUGH EVERY OTHER DIGITAL COPY OF A MOVIE DOES. The digital copy you do get (IF you can get the website to work!) has to be played on some kind of Adobe player THAT WILL NOT PLAY THE FILE. So you're stuck with their online streaming swill even though you were promised a digital copy.<br /><br />Sure they said \\"UltraViolet,\\" but NO ONE KNEW WHAT THAT MEANT, and Warner Brothers did NOT explain it. I'm sure the people at the top are scrambling to figure out where to point the finger and how to explain to consumers what they didn't know and when they didn't know it, or how to blame consumers themselves, or pirates, or space aliens. Frankly, I don't care about the excuses. When I see \\"digital copy\\" I expect a digital copy and THEY KNOW IT. I did NOT expect to be locked into some kind of online digital cloud where it could only be watched at their whim on the device of their choosing-- in addition to being taken away at any time.<br /><br />I can't return this for a refund because it's an open movie, nor can I exchange it for a different version. So I can't afford to get the digital copy from iTunes for the iPod my autistic nephew uses. My nephew doesn't understand why he can't watch this on his iPod and I can't explain it to him. All I can say is that their digital cloud is a bunch of hot air that smells REALLY bad, and this is a slap in the face to both myself and my nephew. I never did keep much track of which studio did what movie, but I will from now on. I will never forgive this studio for my nephew's heartbreak, nor will I forget it.<br /><br />11/11/2011 **UPDATE** Five stars for Amazon customer service for refunding me the full purchase prices for this falsely advertised product! Zero stars to WB for pulling this stunt in the first place, and hoping they will learn not to try to pull one over on consumers in the future. Don't do it again, WB.... Kenneth is watching you, and he does NOT approve of your shenanigans. A'ight?gital cloud is a bunch of hot air that smells REALLY bad, and this is a slap in the face to both myself and my nephew. I never did keep much track of which studio did what movie, but I will from now on. I will never forgive this studio for my nephew's heartbreak, nor will I forget it.  11/11/2011 **UPDATE** Five stars for Amazon customer service for refunding me the full purchase prices for this falsely advertised product! Zero stars to WB for pulling this stunt in the first place, and hoping they will learn not to try to pull one over on consumers in the future. Don't do it again, WB.... Kenneth is watching you, and he does NOT approve of your shenanigans. A'ight?
0525423281|5.0|My oh my, where on earth do I begin?<br /><br />Lola and The Boy Next Door was such a fun and loveable read. I applaud Mrs. Perkins for her ability to craft a novel that just makes you feel alongside the characters and, in some form of way, makes you feel as though you are in the story being told as well.<br /><br />Nathan and Andy. OH My Goodness! They were the perfect couple, legit parents, and oh so memorable! Each of the characters featured had their own flavors going on. From icy ice skating queen Calliope, loveable inventive Cricket, and OH YEAH Anna and St. Clair from Anna and the French Kiss are in it too! HELL TO THE MUTHA-EFFING YES!<br /><br />Lola, now that I'm back to talking about the main character, is a costume designer who loves to dress in themes. Meaning if the girl wants to dress as a strawberry, she will wear a green wig, red dress, and so forth. She is such a great character, and while taking the term \\"Teen-angst\\" to new levels in certain scenes, is still one that made me continue on without feeling \\"forced\\" to carry on.<br /><br />Stephanie Perkins had crafted a fantastic companion novel to Anna and The French Kiss with Lola and The Boy Next Door, and I can't wait until Isla and The Happily Ever After, comes out next year!
B0050CJNJ2|5.0|I absolutely LOVE this cd.  It's fun, upbeat, and has great lyrics to each song!  I especially LOVE Friday Night!  Can't sit still listening to that song for sure!!
0060763280|5.0|Book is easy to read and full of inspiring and essential ideas to change your mind set and work towards making money and changing your life. This is a book I will re-read many times!
B003V4AK8E|4.0|I rarely buy third party controllers. They're usually not as good as the first party controllers and they often have bugs which screw up the game play. I usually just use them for friends who visit, but online play has switched that dynamic.   I jumped at the opportunity to try this Pro Elite Wireless Controller. It looks and feels great. Xbox 360 fans will like that the controller feels a lot like one of those and not really like a PS3 controller. PS3 fans might be a little miffed at that though...   All in all, I don't really like the controller enough to stop using my regular PS3 one. The PS3 controller has a really nice feel to it and I don't think the nice grip on this controller is enough to compensate. If you're looking to save a little money, you can't go wrong with this controller. But it's just not as good as the original.
B00005LK94|5.0|It seems like you have to have the innocence of a kid to grab the essence of things that really matter; and -besides that- have the courage to make it work. Fortunnatly, even with emotional problems deriving of a broken family, she could -with the support of his papa- make her and \\"them\\" final a happy one.  Motivating movie and one that lets you with a bit of hope for mankind and human behaviour.
B0052TDGQO|5.0|When I watched American Idol and I saw Scotty Mccreey, I knew he was a winner, when I saw his CD was out, I knew I had to get it.  Being a 62 years old grandmother I loved his music.  I'd suggest to anyone t buy this album,  I'm waiting to see how this young singer will do.  But he's a #1.Nancy
B001GKYBXA|4.0|This sure ain't \\"Let It Be\\". This is Sir Paul at his most experimental. Little of this material will ever get performed live. His creative genius  still burns,but it's not intended for radio airplay. The music is ,at times, jawdropping. Tracks flow together well for a complete aural experience.
B0049Z3EDC|5.0|INFO:  Played on N. American, Region A/1 PS3. Bough new sealed.  THE GOOD:  +Delightful to watch in High Defenition!  +Looks awesome in blu-ray.  +LOADS of extras.  +DVD copy included.  +Rare steelbook case looks better than original plastic case.  +Removable top and back blu-ray tag.  +Cool internal case artwork.  THE BAD:  -Deleted scenes are not what you would expect. (misleading)  -Some extras were not necessary.  VERDICT:  All-around A+ movie to own in any blu-ray collection. A classic. :)
0064430170|5.0|need I say more? Good Night Moon is the perfect \\"night, night\\" book. My son loves it! And so do I. I don't know which one of us enjoys it more :)I think looking at the sleepy bunny getting ready to go to bed somehow calms him because even if he is restless when we start he is yawning by the end.
B0046E825G|5.0|Book four of the Twilight series. A teen paranormal romance.<br />Bella, a young ordinary human girl falls in love with Edward a vampire.<br /><br />First. This series completly changed how I view vampires. It's not all about evil and blood with Meyers. This series opened me up to teen fiction which is now my favorite reading material. This series also opened me up to shapeshifters, and lots of YA material. Even Faeries and Mermaid books. I'm over 35 and always check the YA sections first now. I actually saw parts of the Twilight movie before reading this and loved it, then started the series. Bella the clumsy human many readers bash, actually ends the first three books being brave, and possible hero material. I won't spoil how this one ends.<br /><br />Now on Breaking Dawn. This book is artwork and probably the best book I have ever read. When I run out of new books, I often return and end up reading breaking dawn again. I don't know how many times I've read it.<br />The book is three parts. Very long parts, 760 pages, so if you like the series you get a great deal on this. Two books for the price of one. The three parts are first person views switching from Bella to Jacob.<br /><br />Part one begins with a beautiful wedding and honeymoon. Then tragedy strikes and we're taken into part two from Jacob's perspective.<br /><br />Breaking Dawn is a page turner you will not be able to put down. It's writing at it's finest. While the series has been bashed for being poorly edited, we see near perfection here. We see huge scale progression from the characters. We see the conclusion to a romance triangle that has kept us guessing since book two. We see nearly every question from the series answered here. We get a lot more of the Cullens, and even a close look inside the pack mind. We get more character dialogue than any book in the series, and maybe more than the rest put together. This is a series you can read over and over, but if your like me, you'll find yourself reading Breaking Dawn the most.<br /><br />I spent a lot of time reading over the negative post on this book and actually rewrote mine to answer them. I read through several pages of post and will answer each one I can remember here. And that's the point. Every single complaint this book gets can be explained.<br />The only real problems to this book, are a unfinished ending, and it's a bit of a fairytale completion to the series. About ten problems the series has had are answered perfectly in Breaking Dawn. Each one makes sense and can be explained, but taken as a whole. Ten happy endings might be too much of a fairytale.<br />Not to me. I love happy endings. Keep in mind this is a laid back and relaxing series. Intended for teenagers, but excellent for all ages. Yes even retired people.<br /><br />SPOILERS<br />Answers to complaints about the series.<br /><br />Charlie doesn't put up enough fight for the wedding.---- What more could Charlie do? Disinherit her? He's been against Edward since the end of book two and seen it does no good. He accepts it hopes Renee can do more.<br /><br />Charlie should ask more questions after Bella is sick--- Maybe a few, but not many. Remember Jacob has just shown him he's a werewolf and told him if he can't handle to wierdness Bella will leave. Any parent who loves their daughtar would play along. The only other option is to loose her.<br /><br />Bella turns out graceful--- All vampires are graceful. Alice seems to be more so.<br /><br />Bella shouldn't be married at eighteen--- There is nothing wrong with marriage or children at eighteen. If you can love, afford, and have time for your child, it's actually better to start early. It gives you more years with your kid. Would you rather be thirty-five or fifty when your kids eighteen?<br /><br />Bella gets to skip being a newborn. No one else has. Bella should have killed people---- Carlisle, and Rosalie never drank human blood either. Edward avoided killing anyone for ten years after her was a newborn. He killed bad people when he went off on his own. Carlisle was tempted and probably the others as well. Carlisle woke up inside a city and ran off as a newborn. Bella's prepared. She's the only vampire the Cullens know who's chosen the life as a vegitarian beforehand. None of the other Cullens were expecting to become vampires. Meyer gives us hints in book three by saying at least four times \\"It will be interesting to see how Bella turns out since she's prepared.\\"<br /><br />Bella can't get pregnant! It's impossible! Vampires are frozen and can't reproduce.---- Meyers never says male vampires can't father a baby. She even gives evidence to say they can in BD page 125-26. She says female vamps can't change enough to carry the baby, but males need to change very little to father a baby. As long as Meyer doesn't contradict a baby being possible, then the baby is fine. What gets me is how can readers believe in vampires in the first place and question a vampire baby? They believe in vampires, werewolves, arms that can move without being attached to a body. They read three books of paranormal and question the fourth book because of a pregnacy they didn't suspect.<br /><br />Bella gets all these rewards and pays nothing---- How much do you want her to pay? I think she paid too much through the series and again here. She's tortured a little by James. Edward ditches her and she nearly goes insane. She saves Edwards life and get grounded for it. She has to hurt Jacob when she gets Edward back. She has to live knowing all of those people in Seattle are dead because of her. She has to run to Rosalie for help since her loving husband cares nothing about what she wants. She carries a baby that has a fity percent chance to kill her. She suffers three days in agony. No. Bella is like the most forgiving girl on the planet and deserves everything she got.<br /><br />The wolves conflict ended too easily. Someone should have got hurt---- Honesty did anyone expect thewolves and Cullens to end up as enemies when the series ended? Hasn't that been one of Bella's side plots to get them to get along? Remember the magnets? The whole wolf conflict was based on the word abomination. Meyer wrote this scenario beautifully to make perfect sense the wolves would halt the attack after loosing three of their own. Not to mention abomination is a weak excuse to murder in the first place.<br /><br />The imprinting is wrong and fixed Jacob's problem too easily----- Meyer is clear it's not wrong. It's very similar to people promising their children away at birth. Even religious people did this a hundred years ago. If it offends you, why didn't you complain after book three? There was a two year old baby then too. I don't think it fixed Jacob too easily. Again we were prepared in book three, and Jacob has suffered enough too.<br /><br />Their should have been a fight at the end!--- I agree. Meyer totally messed up the ending with the Volturi. But, she had small reasons for this as well. Most of Carlisle's witnesses were there to defend only. Even the fighters. Even though the Volturi attacked first, could gentle Carlisle say charge? The Volturi backed off first so if the Cullens had attacked, it would have been a small form of murder. That's a very small reason, and I agree the ending is totally messed up. Meyer had no reason to end the series this way other than to write us another. Which I hope she does.
B005COO1X6|5.0|I agree with people who thought this story was too short, but not for the same reason.  Was it worth the money? Yes! In spades! I was just sorry to have to leave the other world so quickly. I have enjoyed 99.9% of everything of Stephen King's work I have read.  I just can't get enough! The only cure is to start reading another story by the master. I can hardly wait for the next book to be released (and the one after that, and after that, etc.).
B004EPZ07U|2.0|This movie did not live up to my expectations. Compared to movies like Thor and X-men First Class it has little that resembles a plot.  If you love CGI, this movie has a lot of that. If you want to watch an actual movie and not simply a compilation of CGI with dashes of a storyline, you are SOL.  If you are still curious, save the $25 on this DVD combo and rent the movie. IF you decide to buy the  blue ray combo for the digital copy please note that this copy IS NOT COMPATIBLE with iTunes.... rather they make you join flixter. How the @@@ do I watch the movie if I have no internet connection say during an airplane trip you monkeys?!?
1607053551|5.0|Over the years I've written a little about how to become a fabric designer. Seems like most of the up-and-coming pattern designers in our biz aspire to designing fabric too one day. And the q-biz is responding by hosting fabric design contests in a consistent way over the last year. This Field Guide might very well be the first mainstream published book in our neck of the woods to address this very interest.  Tapping into the experience of some of the more popular fabric designers (think Tula, Denyse, Amy and Jenean for example--and it's because we know them by first name that we can bestow them with \\"popular\\") Kimberly Kight (of the True Up blog) explains in great detail and with lots of visual examples how fabric design works, what the technical aspects are (repeats, spacing and motifs) and how to work with today's tech tools to create multiple collections. Oh, and there's the stuff about color and types of fabric that fill in the knowledge gaps too.  What I really like about this book is that Kimberly assumes from the start you whoever picks it up and follows its guidance will become a big enough name in the q-world to warrant her information on licensing and copyright. That's just cool!  -This review was written for Generation Q Magazine an e-zine specializing in the quilting and sewing industry, by me, Jake Finch, one of the editors. We wanted to re-post it here because this really is an awesome book that Kimberly's written!
B004RSCWZ2|5.0|I just saw the Tedeschi Trucks Band for the 2nd time and was so blown away I jumped on Amazon and ordered this cd.  I love this cd so much I turn it on every time I have company.
B002ZG99NG|4.0|The Town tells a simple story and you see everything coming well in advance.  But the story being what it is, the inevitability of events makes sense.  The bank robberies, car chases and the ending are pure Hollywood and Affleck's character is awfully smart for a thug but hey, that's the story.  Somehow it all comes together rather well.  The Town does invite comparisons to Heat, and the scene where Hamm sits face to face with Affleck, each knowing what the other has done isn't up to the brilliance of the encounter between Pacino and DeNiro in Heat, but that's a pretty high hurdle.  Anyway, the performances are first rate and I see now why they advise you not to drive in Boston.
B002PMV9K6|5.0|I needed this dvd to catch up with the Harry Potter collection of movies. It was agreat price and rec'd it very quickly
B005HV6Y5W|1.0|There's no way that anyone could possibly sit down and watch this \\"movie\\" from beginning to end.  Yes, Malick is a genius, and there are some amazing images in this movie, but holy crap is this thing disjointed.  When you have to force yourself to watch something...when you can't watch a movie even in fast-forward because it's that boring...there's a problem.
0920668372|5.0|This is such a poignant, beautiful tale.  It helps create a connection between mother and child, helps a child understand how much you love them, and it is a tale that really appeals to me as a mother (and I am sure to any other mother).  It made me cry.. beautiful
B005DQ3B7K|3.0|Long overdue, the deluxe reissue of Who's Afraid of The Art of Noise is finally here. Did they do it right? Well, yes. And no.<br /><br />The good:<br />* the BBC sessions included as bonus tracks. Particularly nice is the version of \\"Beat Box\\" which ends with \\"Video Killed the Radio Star\\" when the piano bit comes in.<br /><br />* the DVD. The classic videos for \\"Beat Box\\", \\"Close (to the Edit)\\", and \\"Moments in Love\\" are here - and, as one might expect, in multiple versions. There are also live performances and a series of commercials. Video and audio quality varies.<br /><br />* the booklet. I was particularly glad for the inclusion of the essay, \\"The Genesis of Stupidity\\", which I'd only ever seen in the original Japanese CD. Lots of photos and the usual essay.<br /><br />* the sound quality. The tapes have clearly held up well.<br /><br />The bad:<br />* the volume level. While the sound quality is actually very good, and the audio has clearly NOT been subjected to the indiscriminate squashing through limiting and compression that still plagues too much of commercially released music these days, Who's Afraid... is still considerably louder than the other ZTT reissues I own, including Into Battle. Which means that anyone wishing to substitute the full-length version of \\"Moments in Love\\" included here for the shortened cassette version which appeared on the reissue of Into Battle will have to either do a bit of level matching, or be prepared to reach for the volume knob a couple of times whenever you listen to that particular playlist.<br /><br />* only one CD. If you followed The Art of Noise during the first couple of years of their existence, you'll remember that there was never a shortage of material available, much of it on 12-inch. Most notable were the \\"Beat Box\\" remixes, each labelled \\"Diversion [#]\\" \\"Diversion 1\\" begat \\"Diversion 2\\", which begat \\"Close (to the Edit)\\", and so on -- up to \\"Diversion 10\\". Since the unreleased LP Worship was included on the Into Battle reissue, this would have been a good place to collect these different versions (whether or not they kept going with the \\"Close (to the Edit)\\" branch). Instead, it is now a missed opportunity, since the label (as we've seen with Frankie Goes To Hollywood) tends to spread its 12-inch mixes all over the place when it comes to reissuing them on CD.<br /><br />* the DVD is PAL. Granted, that is the video system used in the UK, but an NTSC disc would have ensured greater compatibility, enabling folks in the US and Canada to actually view the DVD on their TV sets, while still being viewable on PAL TV sets. In fact, a number of European CD releases that include DVDs make them NTSC-compatible for that very reason. Not that you won't be able to view the DVD at all; you'll just have to do so on your computer. Unless, of course, you actually like all that vertical rolling on your TV screen that you can't adjust...<br /><br />In short, while this is a decent reissue overall, it isn't without its flaws.se different versions (whether or not they kept going with the \\"Close (to the Edit)\\" branch). Instead, it is now a missed opportunity, since the label (as we've seen with Frankie Goes To Hollywood) tends to spread its 12-inch mixes all over the place when it comes to reissuing them on CD.  * the DVD is PAL. Granted, that is the video system used in the UK, but an NTSC disc would have ensured greater compatibility, enabling folks in the US and Canada to actually view the DVD on their TV sets, while still being viewable on PAL TV sets. In fact, a number of European CD releases that include DVDs make them NTSC-compatible for that very reason. Not that you won't be able to view the DVD at all; you'll just have to do so on your computer. Unless, of course, you actually like all that vertical rolling on your TV screen that you can't adjust...  In short, while this is a decent reissue overall, it isn't without its flaws.
B004T5K3OK|5.0|I've been using the free version since Feb and have found it incredibly useful in school work.  Don't want to buy the \\"solutions manual\\" that the library has on reserve?  Camscan it!)  I was approaching the limits on the free version, and was totally prepared to spend the $5, but the timing on this Amazon sale was perfect.  If you missed out on the license sale, I'd still recommend the purchase :-)
B005OYKIJ0|5.0|You have to love the Vin Deisel and Paul Walker combo.  Add in the rock and now your cooking.  This installment has twist and turns you wont see coming and the action is amazing all the way through.  This one has all past cast members and you must keep watching to the very very end!  This was an amazing Action packed Movie the whole family is sure to love.<br /><br />Wendy Moore
B0058A119G|5.0|Any true fan of Barbra Streisand's would love this album.  Even though it is VERY easy listening, you can't help but love it.  She is one of the world's greatest stars.
B004EPZ07K|3.0|My boy self's favorite comic book hero, assigned godlike powers that would corrupt any ordinary being, a towering but emotionally isolated paladin constantly on trial with himself, rigorously reducing his reliance on his power ring through a series of issues, resenting its foreignness, seemingly afraid of its full potential, then indulging it to the point of massive destruction, when he goes mad after the Guardians prevent him from saving his city; seldom wisecracking, in earnest of his duties on the outside as well as in...  And these filmmakers turn it into a jokey, jocular high-school computer-game session by people seeming embarrassed at the material they're working with.  A deadly dull prologue starting the film on the wrong foot, miscasting an adorable, boyish 1/2-comedian more in touch with his muscle shirts than his own soul, shallowing out every character until we can only guess what turns Hector Hammond's frustrations homicidal (or even why he gets picked to examine the dead alien), or why Hal Jordan's \\"humanity\\" is a quality no other Green Lantern has but is enough to destroy the alien threat, or how the Guardians governed the universe for billions of years but seem befuddled, confused and abashed when Hal Jordan tells them they can win if they face fear, a locker-room pep talk speech they find \\"compelling\\"...  There is no unified aesthetic here to coordinate the humble Earthly settings and the outlandish, circus-like wonders from outer space so they seem to occur in the same universe and don't clash jarringly.  Had they the imagination, they could have found the answer in the human technology on display but employed here only to service the story.  How is it we humans can live in cluttered homes, utter banal dialogue of puerile cliche's, drive recklessly and arrive late for work, waste our best talents in unrewarding teaching posts, yet produce flying machines of wondrous power and complexity?  It didn't appear out of nowhere, and everyone seems to takeit for granted.  Because the WORK that went into it is left out here, with no hint of a test pilot's demanding education and technical intelligence.  People once laughed at the idea of human beings flying, but stopped laughing the first time they saw an aircraft leave the ground.  A Grail knight in armor of the Crusades, or Gandhi or Jesus in their robes -- even Batman in his spandex -- are far out of our normal visual experience, but are solemn symbols of great power and moral courage AND STUDY to millions of people.  Not that we must be entirely solemn here, but still.)  THAT said...the film grabs hold with the test dogfight, parallels Jordan's humility at his selection with Hammond's own, follows Sinestro's demands to harness the yellow power of fear against Parallax with the Ferris contract-award dance party entirely lit with YELLOW light -- in fact, with the sound off, the whole film becomes a symphony with light, beautifully, I mean BEAUTIFULLY, photographed by Dion Beebe, lots of early-morning and late-afternoon golden warmth filtering through the airplane factory office windows, sculpting the leads in their gentle romantic scene on the control tower, fretting the cool glow of the planet Oa with shadows slanting from pillars and steles and cliffs, lighting up Hammond's dreams of personal consequence at the government lab where he examines Abin Sur....The film also squirrels away little comments throughout, like the large peace sign on the wall behind Jordan's nephew (Jordan tests warplanes, but they, and the Lanterns, are about peacekeeping); the plastic female anatomy-lesson torso in the classroom belonging to the lonely, female-repellent dweeb loser Hammond, with the skin off, showing all the stuff inside he cannot, symbolically, ever reach; the caged hamster in Hammond's home, running madly in its stationary wheel or lying still, way in the background.  And for once, the nonstop epidemic of thunderous, echoing digital slamming noises that pollutes every CGI movie and every film trailer even when no CGI is in the story, has a use, announcing the power of the ring when it flashes, the way lightning heats air so fast a thunderclap results.  Kudos to the producers for shooting in the refreshing and atypical (for Hollywood) Louisiana settings.  And especially to Mark Strong and Temuera Morrison as Sinestro and Abin Sur, who take their roles seriously enough, despite wearing alien makeup and glowing leotards, that you can't take your eyes off them, and relish their dialogue readings.  Let's hope the filmmakers (and especially the writers) know what to do with the sequel.  Spider-Man 2 and The Dark Knight improved hugely over the originals.
0375413405|4.0|If you have been been waiting for the right price for a great cookbook,now's the time to buy it. Tried 2 recipes already and got high 5s for both. Great book.
B005UKJX4E|1.0|This is the worst film my husband and I have ever seen!!! At first we thought maybe we were too old to watch it...then we decided it was trying to imitate \\"2001 A Space Odyssey\\"? lol...I have been going through all the help to figure out how to get a refund...I love Brad Pitt & Sean Penn, but neither one should get anything, including money, for this film!  My husband said \\"My dog could write a better script! At least there would be barking! Get off the drugs...you'll make a lot more money!\\"  If there was a son trying to reconcile with his father, it didn't happen until at least an hour into the film, and by then we said \\"forget it\\"!  Just too bizarre!!! If I could give this 0 stars I would...As it is 1 star is way too many!!! RGHHHHHHHHHHHH! Where's my refund! $3.99 WASTED!!!
B005ELZKWS|3.0|This album is a big improvement over the first Chickenfoot disc. The playing is tighter and seems more inspired. Sammy is singing great and the annoying, recycled cliches that were passing for lyrics on the last CD are less obvious. This band has such potential to make some really memorable music. It is just a shame that they won't call in some old friends to give them some songwriting help. Sammy is the only one in the band that has ever written a lyric and although this is the best stuff he has written in the last decade, that isn't saying that much. I hope that they can pull off releasing another. The 3 best tunes on this disc are: Up Next, Come Closer and Big Foot.
B000WMEAKC|1.0|VERY DISAPPOINTED.  Why in the hell didn't Amazon tell us this was a Timbaland production. I have been listening to One Republic on my computer from You Tube.  LOVED IT, but this Timbaland thing is a pile of crap.  And, why are the imports so blame expensive?????  This cd is going in the trash right now even though I have just opened it.  Hope this may save other customers from making the bad mistake that I made.  Gearron Sublett
0817439390|4.0|I bought this since I saw it on a recommended list and was very happy. It definitely taught be a lot on Exposure and how to photograph in different settings. I did feel that the author's photos were not outstanding and found them to be somewhat regular. I still want to learn how to capture those amazing shots that make people say \\"wow\\", but this book is definitely a good start for someone starting to learn.
034552554X|5.0|I absolutely loved this book.  I was so sad when it ended because I did not want to let go of these characters.  Whether you love flowers or not, this story is compelling - what a unique way to communicate! Victoria is a very sympathetic character and you feel her pain having never been loved by anyone.  I was entranced from the first page and couldn't put it down.
B005CW5E3E|4.0|This is a great house rockin' CD of blues classics. Derek Trucks, Susan Tedeschi John Popper and Warren Haynes are welcome surprise guests. Even brother Edgar shows up for a tune. It would have been nice to have some liner notes on the disc but... Hope to see Johnny in concert again. As of the last time I saw him in 2009 he could still play and growl better than most anyone with none of his health issues. Evidence on this CD proves that he still can.
B000R8YC1I|5.0|The video arrived in a timely fashion and in perfect condition.  I love all the behind-the-scenes stuff and this set is full of extras.
0765356139|3.0|I would like to read the second novel after enjoying the first one however it is not available on Kindle.  Amazon please fix
B003ZSJ212|5.0|The Empire Struck Back with Blu-ray and what a hit it is. Some people like the original version but the special edition is the way George Lucas would have made it from the begining, if he could have. The extras add demention to the film as well as additional humor. The clarity of the Blu-ray is amazing. If you are a Star Wars guru like I am you will love it. [[ASIN:B003ZSJ212 Star Wars: The Complete Saga (Episodes I-VI) [Blu-ray]]]
B005COO1X6|4.0|When I first saw this book was coming out and you could order it in advance I just had to get it. I am a huge King fan I have read many many books by him. All I have to say is once again OUT STANDING JOB. As long as you keep writting Stephen I will keep reading. Take may advivce get this book its pretty creepy and I loved it.
B005HGKW6E|3.0|Be sure you're in the mood.  I wasn't and found it difficult to care about the outcome of the case.    James McAvoy, as always, is compelling.
B005F3XV7Q|4.0|I must say, I was a bit surprised with this one...  ever since the previews first came out, my kids have been wanting to see it.  And I'm one who's not too picky, I watch just about everything...but didn't feel the need to spend $30 at the theatres, but with that being said, I much rather have spent the $$ on this one in the theatres than The Smurfs like we did.  So, we passed on it in the theatres, and just bought it on Blu-ray on release day...Way better than expected for me (and of course the kids loved it too, for the talking animals)...looking for a good family flick, you can't go wrong with this one.  Not that big of a fan of Kevin James movies (Paul Blart - awful in my opinion), so I was a little skeptical but he didn't bug me in this one, more of his \\"cute\\" personality in this one and the scenes with the gorilla were just awesome! Loved having Sandler's voice as the monkey, Jon Favreau, Faizon Love  were great as the bears as well....We liked it enough to watch it 2-3 times in the first 2 days we owned it.  Definitely a keeper!!
0439023491|5.0|This book came along with 2 other books in a set and my daughter whom is the biggest Hunger Games fan loves them. She has read them more times then I can count already and they hold up really well. Nice job shipping and fast. Great quality of material used also. Thanks!
0316017930|5.0|I found this book absolutely fascinating! Malcolm does a superb job of sharing facts and statistics such that you easily see the importance and connection to amazing feats.<br /><br />Throughout history we have idolized individuals who appear to distance themselves from everyone else and defy the limits we all face in becoming \\"great\\". People like Steve Jobs, Bill Gates and others. It is true that these individuals are truly extraordinary. This can be seen in their IQ's and hard work. But in reality they share these characteristics with many others throughout the world.<br /><br />What leads these individuals to rise above and stand outside of the norm? Gladwell has done a fantastic job exploring these individuals, backgrounds, work ethics, genetic histories, training, IQ's and many other factors. He has pulled this information together to show that there are specific global events, historical racial conditions and opportunity for personal character and attitude development. When these conditions have come together, then extraordinary individuals rise to the surface and rise to tremendous heights.<br /><br />Some of these factors can be engineered once we know they are needed (like providing opportunities for 150 hours of training). Many others are just the results of history and can't be anticipated.<br /><br />It is true that each individual has their own hard work and effort to apply but \\"willingness\\" and \\"hard work\\" are not enough to \\"achieve anything you dream\\". As a believer, this causes me to give more glory to God than to humanity as I watch in amazement the individual achievement of the \\"Outliers\\".<br /><br />Highly Recommended!
1423140591|5.0|Heroes of Olympus: The Son of Neptune is fantastic.  I found myself staying up late to keep reading, and left me hungry for more.  Not to say that The Lost Hero wasnt a good book, but this one trumps it by far.  Bringing Percy Jackson back is the best thing for the series.  Juno/Hera is right, not only is Percy Jackson the glue that will hold the seven heroes together in the prophecy, but he is also the character that makes this series and the previous series work.  I can't wait to see what happens next, and am excited to see Percy Jackson and Anabeth work together or more quests!
B003ZSJ212|5.0|Excelent purchase. Thumbs up. I'm no Star Wars fan freak like others, I mean, I bought this collection because it's a \\"must have\\" Blu-ray.  The artwork in the box set is really pretty.  It has a lot of extras and special features that I'm sure the fans will like.
0439023521|5.0|This book came along with 2 other books in a set and my daughter whom is the biggest Hunger Games fan loves them. She has read them more times then I can count already and they hold up really well. Nice job shipping and fast. Great quality of material used also. Thanks!
B000GIXEIG|5.0|it is my understanding that the effort expended, in the pursuit of this project was phenomenal. seeing even the first few minutes, one can understand why they were all willing to face the Wrath of Gods, in order to complete it.
B004I8WD6E|5.0|Great product, even better price! The case only took a few minutes to install, the screen covering is unnoticeable, and the case looks pretty slick. I highly recommend buying this case first--if you don't like it, you won't be out much at all!
B0055SWM08|5.0|Quell is a lot of fun to play.  There are a generous amount of levels and the graphics and presentation are top notch.  We just got our first true smart phone last week and have really enjoyed this game. Kudos to the developers.
0439023513|5.0|This book came along with 2 other books in a set and my daughter whom is the biggest Hunger Games fan loves them. She has read them more times then I can count already and they hold up really well. Nice job shipping and fast. Great quality of material used also. Thanks!
B004I8WD6E|5.0|I was looking all over for a new case for my white iPhone 4S. A lot of the clear cases have some other \\"color\\" accent, or don't seem to cover the phone the way I wanted. I need it to have a lip that comes over the face to not only seal out every day gunk, but to allow me to put the phone face down at night or at work. This case does that perfectly. The TPU material makes it very solid, but you can tell it will absorb some of the shock whenever I drop it (not yet, but I know that's inevitable; I'll update this review when I do).<br /><br />I wasn't sure if I'd like the circle pattern on the back since I originally wanted an all clear back, but now that it is on the phone, I really like it. It's not too bold and still shows off the white back.<br /><br />I'm not using the free [included] screen protector; I've never liked any screen protector I've ever used and the iPhone 4 & 4S's scratch-resistant glass is great. I never scratched my 3GS's glass (which is much more scratch-prone) so I'm not too concerned with the new aerospace-grade glass. I like how smooth and easy it is to type on the screen without it.<br /><br />The only thing i don't like is how the back says \\"Amazon Basics\\" on the bottom. Would rather see that engraved into the side somewhere, but that's not enough for me to take away the five star rating.<br /><br />Well done Amazon!
B005LJITS0|4.0|GREEN LANTERN is a spectacle to watch - much technicolored etherized air, visits to other planets, transformations of aliens into humanoid forms and vice versa, lots of derring-do on part of the newly hewn superhero, etc such as in all of these comic book turned films that are so popular - but at its core is a rather sensitive story that for this viewer redeems it.  It is a tale of how  to overcome fear  and to believe in dreams in order to make life in this world livable that for the audience of youngsters for whom these comic books were created presents a challenge and a possibility. It also brings some insight into the topic of filial competition and the role that parents play in fostering this unfortunate sense of worth.  Is it a great film or a revelation of philosophy? No, but it does entertain on a different level than most other movies of this nature and that is in large part to the fine performances of a cast that takes the film seriously - in a good way.<br /><br />A really fine synopsis of the story is here: 'A cocky test pilot, Hal Jordan, acquires superhuman powers when he is chosen by \\"the Ring\\", the willpower-fed source of power, of the Green Lantern Intergalactic Corps. He, reluctantly at first, takes on the challenges these superheroes face. Putting his self-doubts aside, and spurred on by his sense of duty and love for his beautiful, intellectually equal, colleague, Carol Ferris, he is soon called to defend mankind from Parallax, a super-powerful being who feeds on fear. He is the universe's last chance, as many Lanterns have been killed and the Corps is weakened. And he might just be the right Lantern for the job of keeping the world safe from harm.'<br /><br />Martin Campbell directs the solid cast of seen and unseen characters: Ryan Reynolds shines as Hal Jordan, our 'Green Lantern', Taika Waititi is Hal's best friend Tom, Blake Lively is solid as Carol Ferris, Peter Sarsgaard morphs as Hector (Hal's brother), Tim Robbins is the father figure, Mark Strong is the Spock-like Lantern from another planet, Angela Bassett steps in as the secretive Doctor Waller, Temuera Morrison is the lantern space alien who passes the ring to Hal after succumbing to the evil of Clancy Brown as the ominous Paralax, there are some fine voiceovers for the creatures of the Planet AO - Geoffrey Rush as Tomar-Re, Michael Clarke Duncan as Kilowog, and  Warren Burton and  Salome Jens as the Guardians.<br /><br />Ryan Reynolds has such a strong positive screen presence that he is able to make us root for his flying sculpted body Green Lantern.  Though the film had bad press and failed to create box office accolades, it is a strong movie for this genre. Seeing on Amazon Instant Video gives it a full screen treatment to try before buying the DVD.  It is better than expected.  Grady Harp, October 11pock-like Lantern from another planet, Angela Bassett steps in as the secretive Doctor Waller, Temuera Morrison is the lantern space alien who passes the ring to Hal after succumbing to the evil of Clancy Brown as the ominous Paralax, there are some fine voiceovers for the creatures of the Planet AO - Geoffrey Rush as Tomar-Re, Michael Clarke Duncan as Kilowog, and  Warren Burton and  Salome Jens as the Guardians.      Ryan Reynolds has such a strong positive screen presence that he is able to make us root for his flying sculpted body Green Lantern.  Though the film had bad press and failed to create box office accolades, it is a strong movie for this genre. Seeing on Amazon Instant Video gives it a full screen treatment to try before buying the DVD.  It is better than expected.  Grady Harp, October 11
B005LY4B0A|5.0|Greedy Spiders is a fun mobile game.  The recent update plays much more nicely with my qHD Atrix screen/aspect ratio.  I liked the game a lot in spite of the ratio problems but now that it is fixed I like it that much better.
B000EMGJM2|5.0|I wholeheartedly agree with one reviewer here. This is definitely not a neo soul album at all. In fact Van Hunt doesn't really represent that particular musical style at all. Basically what he does is a contemporary production of live band funk that I choose to call \\"nu funk\\".  He already really made this apparent on his previous album [[ASIN:B0001BKAGM Van Hunt]] and on this already showed more than a few signs he was already making tremendous growth as an artist. This album contains sixteen songs but is nowhere near as long as it seems. Clocking in at just under an hour it opts for a lot of shorter and more concise songs rather than anything made for a producer or a dance floor. He obviously understands that the music on this album isn't going to just inspire you to dance side to side but also inside out.<br /><br />  What am I talking about here? Well everyone what your going to hear on this album is FUNK,right clear to it's bones! And you get it in almost every imaginable for as well. It's starts right out with the dance friendly sophistifunk of \\"If I Take You Home)\\" and goes right for the jugular with t \\"Hot Stage Lights\\". He's also just as potent on the heavy grooving guitar rock of \\"Ride,Ride,Ride\\" (verrry Lenny Kravitz friendly stuff there) as well as the bumping percussion led \\"Being A Girl\\" (which goes great alongside Prince's [[ASIN:B000EU1K9G Black Sweat]] of this same vintage). On \\"Suspicion (She Knows Me Well)....it's back to heavy funk again after which we get to the jazzier funk groove of \\"No Sense Of Crime\\" and the very orchestrated Northern soul style of \\"Hold In My Heart\\" going right into the bouncy funky soul of \\"The Night Is Young\\". There are a lot of good slower numbers here but this is mostly dominated by funk. And adventurous and exciting funk for that.<br /><br />  There are all too many people out there,even those who came up during the musics original period of inception that today think of funk as a \\"passing fad\\" or even a \\"corny\\" music. They hear it all the time in rock music,jazz or in a lot of R&B but the phrase \\"old\\" tends to get passed around in reference to it. Somehow Van Hunt manages to created music based squarely in the funk idiom,without any pandering to rock or hip-hop tastes whatsoever (ie including guest rappers and DJ's) that sounds completely new. And with each of his new releases,this being the second he shows a significant level of growth in how he approaches his music. As he's just released his third album only recently one gets the distinct impressions,fully absorbing this and his debut that Van Hunt is going to be one of those artists whose going to be more than deserved of more attention.he time in rock music,jazz or in a lot of R&B but the phrase \\"old\\" tends to get passed around in reference to it. Somehow Van Hunt manages to created music based squarely in the funk idiom,without any pandering to rock or hip-hop tastes whatsoever (ie including guest rappers and DJ's) that sounds completely new. And with each of his new releases,this being the second he shows a significant level of growth in how he approaches his music. As he's just released his third album only recently one gets the distinct impressions,fully absorbing this and his debut that Van Hunt is going to be one of those artists whose going to be more than deserved of more attention.
B005CW5E3E|5.0|It's great to hear classic blues songs being made today so new people get to hear them. Songs that inspired groups like the Stones and Led Zeppelin are classics for a reason. Johnny Winter is on the mark with his guitar playing and singing. I hope this CD get's some awards because the songs are fantastic and how Johnny Winter's plays them is great. There are a number of well known names in music on this CD. Sonny Landreth, Derick trucks, are just several of the names that play on this CD. As a guitar player it also is very inspiring to know that classic blues songs are alive and well. A super buy.
B005WGBQ9G|4.0|I must admit, I hate the \\"zombie\\" genre, but this show keeps me intrigued. The season opener was pretty good. I only hated the unnecessary gore -- like the \\"autopsy\\" (I won't give away more than this). As another reader said, the end was quite dramatic.
B0058VW36U|5.0|This is definitely one of the best mobile games I have played to date.  I think the developers did an awesome job on the puzzles. There are new objects introduced along the way that you must interact which keeps things from ever getting stale.  The physics seem spot on as well.  I really enjoy Cut the Rope.
B003O85W3A|4.0|the disc arrived in a reasonable time frame.It is new as advertised.It has worked without any hiccups.Arcade Fire is a good band.
B004G8AM2I|5.0|WANG PLAYS RACHMANINOFF WITH UNBELIVABLE SKILL AND PRECISION. THE EMOTIONAL IMPACT IS TRULY OVERWHELMING AND LEAVES YOU WISHING FOR MORE WHEN IT ENDS.
086571701X|5.0|In today's world it's comforting to know you don't HAVE to depend on Big Ag and our out of control food industry to eat well. ANYONE can set up a small system to feed themselves and their family.  A book that definitely answers all your questions and saves you untold hours and dollars when setting up your system. Once you have a system setup and producing you'll wonder why you didn't do it years ago -- I know that we do!!  This book along with Sylvia's incredible blog site AquaponicGardening.com will get you so motivated that it will turn into an addiction and you'll be looking for more space to add more grow beds and more fish tanks!!  This can be done anywhere by anyone all over the world!! We truly believe it will be the way to feed the world without killing our planet!!  As one Aquapon stated \\" You don't have to be wealthy to eat healthy\\" - truer words were never spoken.  LOVE this book!!!
B00004U8P9|5.0|I love this film. But I love the music in it more. They just don't seem to write songs like this any more...
0934026157|5.0|This should be a staple in any weaver's library. The directions and pictures are very clear and easy to follow. I was able to complete my first project start to finish on a 4 shaft loom with no prior knowledge of weaving with the help of this book.
B005WQ41J8|4.0|i opt for 4 out of 5 stars only because in my assessment few things in life are top shelf; that said this episode of HOUSE is very near to the 5 star threshold.  i like many others whose reviews i've read of season 8's offerings so far was skeptical after what i perceived to be writers's missteps last season, not to mention the utterly absurd debaucle of a season finale.  to be fair i was concerned as to the disappearance of the ensemble i had come to know and love, however the new arrivals on scene that serve as additions to the supporting cast highlight the genius of Hugh Laurie and HOUSE as a character.  i am pleased to say that i yet again will be waiting with baited breath from week to week as to what is next to round the corner.
B005IY3DP2|5.0|and this new one by KASABIAN is definitely on my top ten list for 2011; maybe on the top of the list.  a truly excellent record of consistently melodic songs. this could be a late 60's album by a band located in the san fran area of music.  btw,LA FEE VERTE is  also the best song i've heard this year.  if you still love songs that have melody to die for, than buying this cd is a no-brainer.
B0058VW36U|5.0|Got it when it was free, but it's worth the .99 cents! A lot of fun - even my 2yr old loves it
B003L77GRO|5.0|I have bought each Dexter season from Amazon because I can pre-order and my account keeps track of each order so I can reference the past.  I believe its the best price and even if its not its worth the service and guarantee you get with them.  I also LOVED this season the best...showing Dexter as a bit more human and many surprises in between.  Fabulous ending leaving me anticipating next season.
B004HW7JMO|5.0|Was sad to hear the star of the original series died.  This second season was still good and kept you wanting more.
B003YL4LYI|4.0|O.k. I will admit that I only started reading \\"A Song of Ice and Fire\\" saga over the spring and summer because I heard about the t.v. show adaptation and there was no new Wild Cards novels out to read. \\"A Dance with Dragons\\" is very well written and things don't always turn out the way the reader would like but seriously there needs to be a crib sheet just to follow all the characters!! I like the different stories with Daeranys, John Snow, Bran Rickard but it seems like too many characters and too many names..I am literally re-reading the entire series just to refresh my memory!  I think the \\"American Tolkien\\" label for George R.R. Martin is totally dead on!  Thankfully the language and nuance aren't antiquated like in \\"LOTR\\" and there is sex and bad things do happen in the Westeros mythos..I am not a big fantasy/sword and sorcery reader but boy am I hooked!
B00030DEQE|5.0|I purchased this card for an old computer I constructed in 2000, which originally had no network card, just a dialup modem. Additionally, this computer is running the Haiku operating system (a newer implementation of the old BeOS), so I was not certain that the operating system would get along with the card.<br />I need not have been concerned. I installed the card into an empty PCI slot, and booted Haiku. Haiku recognized the card and immediately connected. I was online in moments, with no drivers or configuration required.<br />The card also comes with a disc of drivers for Windows, and from the comments of other users, I'm confident that if it works so well for everyone else, it will work for me should I choose to run Windows on this machine.
0399250573|5.0|My nine year old son loves the series. Scorpia Rising is the latest novel of the series and delivers the goods.
B004SBS8LA|5.0|ITS ANGRY BIRDS !!! If you haven't heard of them , come out from your rock or cave and breath in the world around you . It's quite possibly the most addictive game ever and is ridiculously easy and fun to play wether you are 5 or 105 ...
B005DZMODI|5.0|We had gone to a movie theatre to watch the \\"one night cross country viewing\\" of the concert and decided we had to have the CD.  The sound quality is excellent and we love all the New Orleans jazz arraingements.  It really showcases all the musicians, not just Marsalis and Clapton.  A great addition to anyone's collection.
B004FRX0MY|1.0|Crashed at start up and now wouldnt open fix the bug. Got a froze and than black screen. Oh no
B0032JTV6U|5.0|Love using amazon.  I preordered the second season of Glee when I ordered this one.  Not only did I get both products but the price was reduced by the time my order came through.
B0013N4AT0|3.0|This pertains only to 2008 CD/DVD release.  Artistically, this is a great album, one of the finest of Opeth's discography. It takes at least 4 or 5 listens to fully comprehend it. In fact after an initial hearing, the listener might find it quite boring.  The problem with this particular 2008 release is very loud CD mastering. This has complete lack of dynamic range. Everything is brick-walled, which is sad considering song structures that have soft-acoustic, and loud-riff heavy passages. Instead I would recommend to choose previous editions (such as 2003 digipack), which while not perfect, are mastered more reasonably.  DVD disk is nice addition with the 5.1 DTS and DD mix. The surround mix is not outstanding, but OK.   To sum up: 5 stars for music, and 1 star for CD mastering - 3 overall.
B001TW68P4|3.0|Just what I expected, all my old favorates.  Brings back a lot of great memories.  Amazon is a great source for all the oldies that I love.  They have what a want, ship promptly and the product is quality.
B004LWZW42|5.0|I liked the movie, but it was a little hard to follow since it was so long before the other X-Men movies which I had already seen.  The characters were much younger.  I had a hard time imagining the professor as being so young and Magneto was much younger also.  I wish they had started with this movie and then built on the movies that came out way before this one.  This was true with Wolverine when he was first introduced.  I don't know why they did the movies in the sequence they did.
0062060554|5.0|From the very beginning this book had me hooked.  I was obsessed with unraveling the mystery.  Indeed, I thought it had all the elements of a thriller.  While it did have some holes and some repetition, I couldn't put this book down.  If you read for enjoyment, which I do most of the time, this book is for you.
B005QVCXM6|2.0|I waited in anticipation for this album after they talked about back when it was in the early works. I'm rather disappointed. Something sounds different in the style of this album, and at first, I didn't know why. I then noticed that the only original band member is Amy, while everyone had been replaced along the way. I never realized how the swapping of the instrument players could really make a difference, but it certainly has in this case. Maybe I'm frustrated for waiting so long to be only let down. Sorry Amy, but I think Within Temptation has replaced you in my alternative female rock shrine.
034552554X|5.0|I was so anxious for Victoria, the main character of this story, that I could not put this book down. An so, I was very sorry to have it end. Deftly moving between Victoria's 10-year old year and her 18th and later years after she had transitioned out of the foster care system, Diffenbaugh creates a character who eventually learns to value herself and allow herself to be loved, as she works tirelessly to arrange flowers, all the while applying the symbolism of flowers as appropriate to each client and occasion.  This story shows what the abused and forgotten in society must endure psychologically to overcome the deep hurt that comes to define them. A beautiful and poignant tension is created by juxtaposing the emotions Victoria feels in the two time periods in her life, until she grows worthy enough to accept herself, her past, and her fate.  It is a Must Read for teachers and social workers and all of those who try to help foster children, but I would recommend it to anyone who wants to learn tolerance and forgiveness of him-herself and others. And, you will never give another flower or arrangement without thinking about what each one symbolizes.
B001675YQ6|1.0|I'm a big fan of Brittany Murphy, but not here. This was sooo boring and long but I do have to give it credit since somewhere after 30 minutes, I took the nicest nap ever... But it was so irritating hearing her \\"British\\" accent. ;_; It was like only every fourth or fifth word was said in a British accent and then the rest was American.  I would have preferred if she just stayed all American. -_-
B000RP4LEO|5.0|The Emperor has always been my favorite concerto, and I've always opted for the most \\"definitive\\" version, with a few additions as they come along.  I now own six versions on CD, and somewhere in boxes are a few more versions on vinyl and tape.  There's a comfort to \\"definitive\\" coming from a well respected reviewer, like Penguin or Gramophone.  I found this CD purely by accident and had no intention of buying it, until I listened to the few seconds I could sample on Amazon.  But what I heard was enough.  And having the CD has taught me something: something that is \\"definitive\\" might be etched in perfection, but it isn't alive any more.  THIS PERFORMANCE IS ALIVE.  There is no machine at the piano, but a living artist who is taking a composition and making it her own.  I don't just hear Beethoven; I hear Grimaud.  I felt like I was hearing this masterpiece for the first time, and it nearly brought me to tears.  The difference between this and perfection is the difference between an adorable freckle faced breathing woman and a marble statue of Venus.  And having found this CD, I don't think I'll ever demand \\"definitive\\" again.  This is a revelation of how music was meant to be played.
B005HV6Y5W|5.0|A tip for all of the people who hated this movie or were mystified by it: instead of watching movies based on stars, look at who directed the film. Look up the name and find out what else they directed. If you have never heard of any of the movies, or if you hated the others, maybe stay away. I mean, if you're just going to end up hating Tree of Life - certainly the best film of the year and one of the most moving and profound I've ever seen - to the point where you feel the need to write a snotty Amazon review glorifying your own lack of sophistication, just don't watch it. Why torture yourself?  Terence Malick is an unusual figure in American film. He's only made five feature films since 1973, all of them gorgeous masterpieces of varying degrees (my personal favorite is Days of Heaven from 1978), but guess what? He's an artist, not some Hollywood hack, and he does not give an F what you thought of his movie, and he's just going to keep on making movies until he dies whether you like it or not. But he's been pretty consistent; if you're not into Badlands, Days, Thin Red Line and The New World, you're not going to like Tree of Life.   The curious, the adventurous, uninitiated will see Tree and be deeply moved and blown away, and perhaps be inspired to look back at Malick's other films. Or, frankly, Tree might leave them cold and that's okay, too.  But the dull-witted, the bores, the consumer mobs, those who only want to watch movies if there are action figures and Happy Meals to buy, those without patience, those without wonder, or empathy or wondering, wandering minds and souls, well, hell. Who needs ya?
B003ZSJ212|5.0|I really don't care about not having theatrical versions, the product is great and fully enjoyable.  The sound, as everybody say, is the most remarkable feature.  I totally recommend this set, unless you are a purist fanboy who likes to rant about everything or if you have the 2004 dvd set(i don't).
B004EPZ07U|1.0|The movie's fine. Liked it in the theater, still like it now. But the new Ultraviolet digital copy? Useless. I don't want yet another cloud service. I want to own my digital copy, that works with my movie library that I already have, on the computer i already have. Awful, awful Hollywood move.
0316019984|5.0|My kindergarten son loves this book.  Each page is filled with amazingly detailed pop-ups and full of information on super-heroes. My son loves the light up bat cave and always go thru the pages before he goes to sleep. He asked to sleep with this book next to him. I bought 3 more for his friends. Highly recommended. A great collectible item for super hero lovers.
B0043GAZYS|5.0|The title to this review will make sense to those that have seen the film already, so if you don't get it, please don't jump the gun and write me off as some weirdo who's into writing vaguely threatening little ditties.<br /><br />\\"Scott Pilgrim vs. the World\\" goes down on my list of films that I really wish I had seen in the theaters. I think I can be forgiven being that my wife was pregnant with our first child (who incidentally LOVES this movie but more on that later) at the time it was out and I really couldn't go anywhere. For anyone who hasn't seen it yet, I strongly recommend that you do. I think you will know if the film is for you from the moment Scott's band, \\"Sex Bob-Omb\\", play their first jam minutes into the movie. This is a film that has an incredible amount of life to it. Since watching this film, I have dived headfirst into the world of \\"SPvtW\\" (I refuse to type out the whole title repeatedly). I've read the manga by Bryan Lee O'Malley, I got the soundtrack and I downloaded the videogame on Xbox Live. The movie is as good an adaptation of the source material that it could've been as it probably would've required at least two films to do it pitch perfect. It's just such a cool film. I think the best compliment I can give this film is that the casting is pitch perfect. Everybody is great in this. If you fall in love with this film like I have, make sure to read the manga and see if you don't agree. Director Edgar Wright didn't knock this out of the park, he punched a third hole in the moon with this film.<br /><br />\\"SPvtW\\" looks terrific in HD and I think it sounds even better. The moment they start playing at the beginning, my speakers went into overdrive. The soundtrack is great for the film and has plenty of great tracks and the surround speakers are used to great effect, especially during the \\"boss battles\\". This film is also bass heavy throughout, so get ready to give that subwoofer a real workout. There's a lot of extra content (and I do mean A LOT) on the disc focusing on the production, special effects, comparisons to the manga, cartoon vignettes, artwork, and even the usual cast and crew commentaries are worth a listen and full of interesting little anecdotes (the one with the supporting cast is especially hilarious). If you're a fan of the film, you will find quite a bit of material here to supplement the film and expand your enjoyment even further. Set aside some time and go through all the stuff, its all rather interesting.<br /><br />I couldn't tell you how many times I've sat through this film since I've purchased it. It has become the official family film for me, my wife and my two sons. My two year old likes to take his drumsticks and say, \\"We are Bob-Omb! 1-2-3-2!\\", while he hits the sticks above his head. It's just that influential, I guess.<br /><br />A must-see film and a must own Blu-Ray.using on the production, special effects, comparisons to the manga, cartoon vignettes, artwork, and even the usual cast and crew commentaries are worth a listen and full of interesting little anecdotes (the one with the supporting cast is especially hilarious). If you're a fan of the film, you will find quite a bit of material here to supplement the film and expand your enjoyment even further. Set aside some time and go through all the stuff, its all rather interesting.  I couldn't tell you how many times I've sat through this film since I've purchased it. It has become the official family film for me, my wife and my two sons. My two year old likes to take his drumsticks and say, \\"We are Bob-Omb! 1-2-3-2!\\", while he hits the sticks above his head. It's just that influential, I guess.  A must-see film and a must own Blu-Ray.
B004LWZWBU|5.0|LOVED IT! LAUGHED! Admittedly I feed backyard birds year-round. That does not deter the facts that this is a beautifully documented birding film with enough outdoor vistas to fill anyone's nest. Great music too, even from a couple of those old Beetles guys. The story (\\"true story, only the facts were changed\\") is birds, and how many can one count in a year, i.e. A Big Year. It turns into an avid confrontational race between Brad (Jack Black) a nuclear power plant techie, Kenny (Owen Wilson) reining champ, & Stu (Steve Martin) corporate head who's trying to retire from success. Brad needs financial help from parents (Dianne Wiest & Brian Dennehy) since this quest is ultra expensive. Brad also, along the trail, gets the hots for peacock gorgeous Ellie (Rashida Jones). So did I.<br /><br />Other family matters become sub-plots and drama in this comic race for the feather count. Kenny's wife Jessica (Rosamund Pike) makes any guy look the fool with her beautiful display as the beautiful birdhouse mate. Kenny dumbly leaves her home alone. Kenny tells her he's the \\"Mozart\\" of birders.  Stu gets a bit more moral support from wife Edith (Jo Beth Williams) and he does have a consciousness about business and family and occasionally falls from the hunt. There are some slapstick adventures in the rugged areas of North America due to the gung-ho style of the trio on their \\"Big Year\\" quests. Also enjoy the in-your-face bird tour boat captain, Annie Auklet (Angelica Huston) in a rare performance of a different specie. Plenty of other stars too. Not to mention hundreds of beautiful birds.<br /><br />This is a FOWL film, but not fouled with lots of bad language, nudity, or other lower intellect modes often used to get comedy to work. Expect humor in wholesomeness, and the great outdoors. John Audubon would have loved to serve as an extra in this film. It is society endorsed. Makes one want to eat sunflower seeds with a grin.<br /><br />There is some ending philosophy to the story. What is a win? Win at what cost? Even though 2 men lost, they seem to feel they were the ultimate winners. Biggest winner of The Big Year is birding fans. Raise those binoculars high, like a trophy.<br /><br />At first I considered 4 ½ stars, because the last 2 films I theater viewed was \\"The Help\\" and \\"Courageous\\", both being 5 ½. The Big Year is not as deep in theme as those two, but just as entertaining, thus my 5 stars. Enjoy with a ticket or DVD. My plan is to do both.<br /><br />`Even though 2 men lost, they seem to feel they were the ultimate winners. Biggest winner of The Big Year is birding fans. Raise those binoculars high, like a trophy.   At first I considered 4 ½ stars, because the last 2 films I theater viewed was \\"The Help\\" and \\"Courageous\\", both being 5 ½. The Big Year is not as deep in theme as those two, but just as entertaining, thus my 5 stars. Enjoy with a ticket or DVD. My plan is to do both.  `
B005HS00NW|5.0|A lot of artists tried to do the 80's theme this year, including Beyonce (4) and Lady Gaga (Born This Way), but none came as close to capturing retro electronic synth-pop quite like M83's \\"Hurry Up, We're Dreaming\\". If someone told me this album was from 1986 I would've believed them; right down to the airy, soaring male vocals. I'm not even sure if M83's desire was to replicate the 80's, but they could have fooled me! I've never been a huge fan of electronica/techno, usually due to its obnoxious overwrought nature (derivative, loud, etc), but M83 has changed all of that for me. This band pays respectful homage to nu-wave, the likes of Sonic Youth and Depeche Mode, without lapsing into cheesiness; difficult, but thankfully not impossible. This is my first M83 record after I discovered their lead single (Midnight City) on the internet and I have to say the musical journey, so to speak, is worth the price of admission (aka CD).<br /><br />Primarily, the keyboard work is phenomenal. Blending many different synth waves with traditional instrumentation (sax, flutes, guitar, percussion, etc) is not an easy task and Anthony Gonzalez (composer) does an admirable job. Speaking of instrumentation, 'Midnight City' is not the only track you are apt to find a lovely saxophone solo so keep an eye...uh, ear...out for more. Choral harmonies make an appearance as well, including a children's choir, adding an 'epic' quality to some of the tracks. Personal preference will denote whether this is a pro or con, but I am a sucker for the bombastic nature of a swelling chorus/orchestra. However, make no mistake, this is an album entrenched in nu-wave and M83 offers little reprieve despite taking these compositional risks. Additionally, lead vocalist Morgan Kibby's vocals admirably carry a majority of the melodies; at times breathy, but never unplesant. The lyrics, mostly, stay far away from typical pop kitsch and succeed at being interesting and evocative without trying too hard to be cerebral: \\"The city is my church\\", \\"Oh time\\", etc.<br /><br />I,  personally, could have done without the pseudo-cinematic dialogue which unfortunately makes an appearance on many tracks. Honestly, I've heard sampled/improvised spoken dialogue so many times from so many other artists it has become an incredibly tired gimmick. Also, like any double album, \\"Hurry Up, We're Dreaming\\" could have used some trimming, albeit not much, but these are minor quibbles among an overall fantastic release. It's definitely a five star album and I won't take that away from them due to a few personal, minor complaints.<br /><br />What we have here is not your loud, crass, overrated pop-dance-techno album. \\"Hurry Up, We're Dreaming\\" is something truly special that utilizes brilliant compositions and instrumentation, successfully personifying a seemingly unattainable, illusory soundscape: the dream state. In a sea of bland, irritating, unmitigated auditory garbage, M83's latest effort transcends genre to become a categorical classic. Literally anyone with any musical preference should find something to love. Hurry up...and buy it!<br /><br />Favorites: \\"Midnight City\\" (best track on the album and an ideal first single; sax solo seals the deal), \\"My Tears Are Becoming A Sea\\" (delicate masterwork), and \\"Splendor\\" (children's choir is brilliantly featured).he city is my church\\", \\"Oh time\\", etc.  I,  personally, could have done without the pseudo-cinematic dialogue which unfortunately makes an appearance on many tracks. Honestly, I've heard sampled/improvised spoken dialogue so many times from so many other artists it has become an incredibly tired gimmick. Also, like any double album, \\"Hurry Up, We're Dreaming\\" could have used some trimming, albeit not much, but these are minor quibbles among an overall fantastic release. It's definitely a five star album and I won't take that away from them due to a few personal, minor complaints.    What we have here is not your loud, crass, overrated pop-dance-techno album. \\"Hurry Up, We're Dreaming\\" is something truly special that utilizes brilliant compositions and instrumentation, successfully personifying a seemingly unattainable, illusory soundscape: the dream state. In a sea of bland, irritating, unmitigated auditory garbage, M83's latest effort transcends genre to become a categorical classic. Literally anyone with any musical preference should find something to love. Hurry up...and buy it!    Favorites: \\"Midnight City\\" (best track on the album and an ideal first single; sax solo seals the deal), \\"My Tears Are Becoming A Sea\\" (delicate masterwork), and \\"Splendor\\" (children's choir is brilliantly featured).
B005IS565S|5.0|Personally, I have been a fan of Five Finger Death Punch since 2008 when a friend of mine introduced me to a single on their first album, The Bleeding.  I loved everyone of their songs on all of their albums and American Capitalist is everything and more of what I had been expecting from the band while I impatiently waited for American Capitalist to release.  American Capitalist, in my opinion, is the most anticipated metal album of 2011. 5 stars to the new album!
B000F8O35U|5.0|The expected delivery date for this product was 10/18-11/02 and I got it on 10/17. Very fast delivery. This was my favorite movie as a child and for the first time I watched it with my daughter and she loved it also. Product was in great condition and works wonderful. Very happy with this purchase and I would deff. buy from this seller again. Thank you!!!
B002Q1YDLI|5.0|Good mindless weekend, summer or beach read without being too over the top. I enjoyed both the book and the author.
B0053Q9DHW|1.0|This is the worst version of Jane Eyre I've seen. I've been watching every version that I could get my hands on since I was little and I've loved them all in their own way. I was thrilled to watch a new interpretation of Jane Eyre with my Mom (who loves the story as much as I do) but we ended up turning it off about half way into the film. There was no emotion in the characters. Rochester and Jane might as well have been reciting grocery lists they were so blank and deadpan. When Jane asks Rochester if he thinks she is a \\"machine\\" during the infamous proposal scene, all I could think was \\"YES!\\" After letting that awful movie stew in my mind for a day or two, I decided to go online and watch the rest to see if I was just in a bad mood during my first watch. Unfortunately, it only got worse! The ending was terrible - just as devoid of emotion as the first half. How could the exact same story that I've seen played out time and again, that always left me sobbing in happiness, leave me completely disgusted, annoyed and angry at myself for throwing away my time? What a waste of my $1 in the Redbox. Such a disappointment.
B003L77FYS|5.0|I am a big, big fan of this program. Great actors, with good realistic plots and locations. Exactly what I wanted
B003XCVQ3C|5.0|The build quality is great. very strong feel. the cord is tough and doesn't seem like it will fray. It also supports full audio.
B004KKX814|4.0|This toy is very nice my kid loved it but with one day of use the \\"pointer\\" seems to be very old and I would like to buy just this part to rapair but I can´t find it. Anyway, I´ll try to create one someway.
B0058RN85O|5.0|Modern family season two, is as funny ,and witty as Modern Family season one.  I highly reccomend it,and I know if you buy it, you will not be sorry.
B004KKX80A|3.0|Is is very nice, my kid loved it but the \\"pointer\\" with just one day of use seems to be very old. I want to find only this part to buy.
0553213105|2.0|I read the first 100 pages of Pride and Prejudice and then I bailed.<br /><br />I was taking some very heavy damage from several hardened missile silos down below me. I had lost all aileron control and the self-sealing fuel tanks, well, were no longer self-sealing. I had to eject fast or I would auger in from 10,000 feet. I fought my way out of the pilot seat against the compiling G-forces and scrambled with a sob in my throat through the open hatchway.<br /><br />Tumbling in free fall. Feeling of helplessness. Cold air rushing past my ears. I pulled the rip cord and felt the hard snap as my parachute opened and the last I ever saw of Pride and Prejudice was the book dwindling against the bright stars overhead, lost to me forever.<br /><br />I'm telling you I barely made it out of that book alive.
B003ZSJ212|2.0|Unfortunately, I was expecting something a lot better as far as quality..The sound cuts out at various places in all discs.The movies look as if they had been regular DVDs converted to a Blu-Ray format..The actual video quality doesn't seem any better than the original DVDs Each movie starts by having the Twentith Cent. Fox come on in obvious Hi Def, Then it repeats as if they had pused a button, and began the original DVD; Tw CEN FOX label playing again, this time in regular DVD defination..I think we got ripped off..Thanks,  Dan Orta, Columbia, SC
B005ELQVGW|1.0|I've been a fan of Bjork for years, but this is her worst cd. Period. Maybe it's supposed to be experimental, but really, this is not very good music.
B005KCGIUY|5.0|Do yourself a favor today, buy this album!  If you are fans of Tool or APC, you may think some Puscifer's songs are a little strange.  But I can tell you there is nothing strange about this album, it's a beautiful and true representation of Maynard's art at it's best.  You won't regret it!
B0044XV3QY|5.0|Excellent movie. NOthing is perfect but as a fantasy is a wonderful story, very inspiring! The story may seem silly for harsh critics, but hey, so are other stories. This movie is full of positive energy. Recommended for all ages.
0316044695|4.0|I met Marcus Luttrell when he came to Salt Lake City this past summer to speak to a large gathering of police officers and military servicemen!  Mr Luttrell shared his story of serving his country and being deployed to Afghanistan.  Unfortunately, he and his company of 4 were surrounded and all except Mr. Luttrell was able to survive.  If you want an inside look on the life of a Navy Seal and how he managed to survive against insurmountable odds, this book is for you.
B0052GACNM|4.0|The vast array of singers and tunes make \\"Duet\\" worthy of being a \\"must have\\".  Tony takes on all genre.  Tragically his duet with Amy was short.  An 83 year old listener.
0062060554|5.0|This book held my rapt attention.  I couldn't put it down.  I found myself fascinated by amnesia and the role memory plays in our lives.  It's a good read, an engrossing tale that's well written and thought provoking.  Any book that arouses my curiosity and provides a topic for discussion is a winner to me.  I read at least one book a week and I have to say this just may be my favorite pick for the year.
B004VF68AQ|1.0|I was looking forward to this release after the great \\"Strays\\" cd, but what a let down..I just can't get through this cd at all..I dig Janes, but this does not do it for me, sorry guys..
B005HV6YO8|3.0|There is no question that when it has came down to Sting, he has been one of the most driven and soulful influental singer-songwriters of all time. His music has never lost its luster over the past 35 years, on his own & with The Police. But when he branched out on his own, he made better music and a much more impacted sound to his voice, reflected with Jazz and Pop influences that have stood the test of time. 2011 has so far been a celebrated year for his solo work. Not only just recently celbrated his 60th birthday as well, but with the recent boxed set 25 Years, which reflects his solo work brilliantly. Now another hits album of Sting's solo work has come to light. But is this sampler of his legendary career worth the money, or will it make you feel like you've been stung?<br /><br />Sting's Best Of 25 Years, is more like a sampler to his acclaimed boxed set 25 Years released earlier this year than a definitive greatest hits collection. Also, here you won't find any of works during his era with The Police. Only the songs from his solo career. The collection though isn't really worth the money for hard core Sting fans as well. The collection only includes his massive hits, still remastered well, but there could've been more of a variety of his works. The collection features classics like the intimate and soulful Fragile, the beautiful Fields Of Gold, and the guilty pleasure hits If I Ever Love My Faith In You and the Middle Eastern influenced dance pop of Desert Rose. It doesn't feel like it stands out for new Sting fans, as well as a miss for new Sting fans as well. Best Of 25 Years could've included more of his classics like Love Is The Seventh Wave, Russians, and the deeply moving When We Dance to just name a few. Instead, Sting puts some live recordings to the mix which aren't that bad, but doesn't actually stand out to make the collection better.<br /><br />Overall, Sting's Best Of 25 Years isn't really a definitive buy for hard core Sting fans, and yet more should've been here as well for newcomers to his solo wroks. If you are new to Sting's music, there are better buys to go to like Fields Of Gold: The Best Of Sting 1984-1994, that can give a deeper appreciation of what has made Sting so strong over the years.  But Best Of 25 Years isn't honestly one of them to deliver for what its money had been shown for. Instead, it makes you feel like you hae been Stung, than hears the presence of a genius to what his music has brought to the world with.<br /><br />Album Cover: B<br /><br />Songs: C 1/2+<br /><br />Price: C<br /><br />Remastering: B<br /><br />Overall: C+as well for newcomers to his solo wroks. If you are new to Sting's music, there are better buys to go to like Fields Of Gold: The Best Of Sting 1984-1994, that can give a deeper appreciation of what has made Sting so strong over the years.  But Best Of 25 Years isn't honestly one of them to deliver for what its money had been shown for. Instead, it makes you feel like you hae been Stung, than hears the presence of a genius to what his music has brought to the world with.  Album Cover: B  Songs: C 1/2+  Price: C  Remastering: B  Overall: C+
B005EVVPUE|5.0|The two DVD, two CD version of live at Wembley is basically another in the 40th Anniversary series of re-releases that , in my view, correct a lot of the DO-RO edits that affected earlier releases, as well as give superb versions of concert footage, AND two CDs of the Saturday nite concert that is beyond great. Including the final \\"God Save the Queen\\" Saturday nite, in video and CD has 28 tunes  with two additional jam segments, Gimme some Lovin, and Hey big spender, that do not occur on the Friday nite rough cut). The Brilliance of the Friday nite concert is that whilst it has some lapses in visual acuity  it was a test after-all) the sound is damn good, and the musical difference is enough to warrant the view and hear  John's bass playing sound stronger and more involved in some songs, and Brians Playing is more restrained in some, and more powerful in others, whilst it might be argued that Freddy plays a little more free on the Friday nite, however, all are damn good in both). All you miss on the Friday nite cut are some audience shots, that is shots from the audience area, whilst you get to see a lot of close ups. The improvement in visual quality is extremely clear: some footage is taken directly from the cameras, whilst others appear to come from ( the jumbo)screen shots. Also, the original stock is what it is, you can improve it only so far, and they do, this is visually obvious. Where it is extremly obvious is on the musical/audio mix... its top notch.    The VHS tape, it should be noted, had 19 songs in the Aus release. The extras in the 2003 release on DVD have some overlap with this version, and the FINAL CONCERT has plenty of 2011 material to make that worthwhile. Its pretty clear that the amount of Video repair and clean up is massive, although there is no pleasing some people. All in all, I would recommend, On Fire at the Bowl, Live in Budapest, as a supplement to this set. The CD is crystal clear, and Brian produced a gem with this one. Any fan will be crying with happiness and sadness at the greatest band that trod the stage. Long Live Queen !!
B005POK858|5.0|This game is the best Final Fantasy~esque game for Android. No doubt about it. It's hard to find a good RPG for Android, but this game was perfect for me. Only thing I didn't like is that it takes a large amount of processing power (making the phone heat up) to maintain screensize for my larger screen phones. (Droid3) . But I did shoot them an email, and they said they are working on it, but it would take a while. Good to play for about 20 minutes or so at a time, then let the phone cool off for about 10 then play again. Worth it for such a good game. i have like 13 hours logged into this game :D
B004EPZ07U|1.0|UltraViolet requires you to sign up for a Flixster.com account. Using Adobe AIR to facilitate playback/download into a separate movie player that's Flixster's own. How does this help or add to the consumer experience?   Frustrating, and yet another level of required personal data collection/spying by more companies and people that honestly have not rights to. Just say no.  Don't spend the money...it's not really worth the hoops to jump through.  UPDATE: I've tried for over a month to get the digital copy to work. ULTRA VIOLET is terrible. Customer Service at UV appears to be unresponsive.
B004HW7JMO|5.0|After reading the customer reviews on this, I couldn't imagine that it would be as good or better than Blood and Sand, but it TRULY didn't disappoint.  It was nice getting the background history on how Blood and Sand came about too-- but this was awesome.  I stayed up until 2am knowing I had to get up for work in the morning because I just couldn't stop watching it! I am so, so happy I purchased this!!!
B0050QV0RQ|5.0|I played the Final Fantasy games for a large chunk of my life... if you like those games, buy this now. I beat it in about 25 hours, but now I gotta go and do side missions...def worth it!
B0034G4OUO|4.0|dream man so I had to buy this just to look at him over, over and over again (smile)-- I'd agree with the other reviewers that he doesn't say much throughout the movie but he's the ROCK he doesn't have to! But I really enjoyed the action and a pretty decent plot as well--I really enjoyed it!
B0018BB21G|3.0|I haven't heard this CD for many years, so it was very enjoyable to hear.  The sound quality was also very good.  I particularly liked Legend of a Mind, with Justin Hayward's vocals, and the studio rehearsal versions of a few of the songs at the end of the CD.
6301934229|5.0|My family and I were happy with the movie.  We saw the remake of the movie and the sequel to it.  We wanted to see the original.  We enjoyed watching it.  It came when it was supposed to and we were happy with it.
B00006CXSS|5.0|It need no more comments on the content. Great.  There are Spanish subtitles, but I don't know Spanish at all.  English subtitles can help my listening.
B000JQU1VS|4.0|im not sure if some how i downlosaded a bad veersion of what but every once in a while i come across what should be a word but its just a bunch of symbols it tends to happen when its talking about moeny. other than that i love this book. oh and i know this is horribly spelled and puncuated but im just learning how to use the internet feature on my kindle and this keypad is not ment for lots of typing.
B004EPZ07U|1.0|Probably the worst (superhero) movie of the year. I mean, this movie was beyond terrible. Ryan Reynolds can make a hit, but this definitely was horrible. I regret seeing this and I do not recommended this movie.
B000JQU1VS|5.0|Sir Arthur Doyle does such an excellent job in this book, The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes. It is a very exciting mystery novel, and was a real page turner for me. He kept me interested and engrossed in his book until I finished it! I highy recommend it for all mystery lovers!
0618918248|2.0|Ok, I am not a religious person.  I am very open minded, I am an agnostic, I am a bit of a skeptic and above all, I am an fatalistic existentialist.  Having said all that, I am not willing to roll over to the new and dogmatic religion we now call Science.  I could not warm up to this book if we were cremated together.  I finally gave it to my 23 year old goddaughter who seems to be putting her belief in the God of Science and Technology.  Personally, I still have far too many unanswered questions to believe there is nothing beyond the Natural and Science.  And what truly drives me bananas is that the last people who should be declaring themselves atheists are scientists, physicists and mathematicians.  To be an atheist is to be dogmatic.  If Einstein, Galileo, Copernicus, Newton, etc had all been dogmatic, where would we be today?
B000006TRV|5.0|Before I begin my review, I WOULD like to state this album has remained at the top of my list for \\"Greatest (rock) album of all time\\" for over 3 years now, and only now have I gotten around to expressing my thoughts in an in-depth method such as this of \\"The Wall\\" Let's jump in shall we?  First of all, the songs:  Disc 1:  Track 1: \\"In The Flesh\\"  \\"In The Flesh\\" is the bold first track off of \\"The Wall.\\" A brilliant guitar riff, loud, marching-band-esque drums, and on top of it all, Roger's excellent vocals. I find this song to be perfect for the opening of such an album as \\"The Wall\\"  Track 2: \\"The Thin Ice\\"  Let's take a break from the loud for a little, this is a very soft, mellow song composed mostly of piano and Roger's vocals, BUT around the halfway mark we delve into one of the most menacing riffs of the album to end the song.  Track 3: \\"Another Brick in The Wall (Part 1)  The song itself has no drums (which doesn't change the fact that I love the song) and is composed mainly of guitar and vocals, one of the stranger tracks of the first side of the album, but as you listen you can feel the tension creeping higher and higher. (And you know eventually you're gonna do some rocking out to Part 2.  Track 4: \\"The Happiest Days of Our Lives\\"  Can you feel it? Can you feel the groove? I sure can, composed mainly of bass, drums, and vocals, this song is always great for pumping me up and a great prelude ABiTW Part 2.  Track 5: \\"Another Brick in The Wall (Part 2)  You can't listen to this song without doing at least one of the following: Singing along, tapping your foot, playing air guitar, and bobbing (or lightly/slowly banging) your head. Don't be afraid to let the rock out when this song comes on, I sure do. How can you have any pudding if you don't eat your meat!?  Track 6: \\"Mother\\"  Time for a break now, a nice song mostly based on acoustic guitar and vocals (with drums and bass in the second half.) This song provides a smooth transition into the next song.  Track7: \\"Goodbye Blue Sky\\"  This track combines pleasant with ominous feelings, strange harmonies, very low brass sections, and an eerie guitar riff to top it off.  Track 8: \\"Empty Spaces\\"  Empty Spaces may just be the most evil and ominous sounding song on the whole album. Mostly composed of synthesizers and pianos by the beloved Richard Wright, and eerie vocals by Roger (along with a secret backwards message) this song provides a great song transition into our next track.  Track 9: \\"Young Lust\\"  Time to boogie! One of the most rockin' songs on the album, I consider it a party anthem, but some don't agree with me. This song also has one of my favorite David Gilmour solos of all time. The song slowly decomposes easily slides straight into our next set of songs with a simple sound of a phone ringing.  Track 10: \\"One of My Turns\\"  This track is, well to bluntly put it, insane. Starting out with Pink and an \\"unknown fangirl\\" (according to the movie that is) in his trailer. The song begins fairly calm with a simple piano riff and Roger in one of his more calm voices when BAM! In your face! Roger's singing at some of the highest he'll be singing on the album. After that the song is ended by another of my favorite Gilmour solos( But who's to say they're not all my favorite?) and asking what seems to be the whole world \\"Why are you rinning away!?\\"   Track 11: \\"Don't Leave me Now\\"  This song always makes me think of Bob Geldof just laying on the ground motionless. This song has what I consider Roger's highest notes throughout the album. The song is mostly dark synth and vocals til about the last minute, when it breaks out into a wonderfully beautiful array.  Track 12: \\"Another Brick in The Wall (Part 3)\\"  Ahh yes, the conclusion of Another Brick in The Wall. There's not much I can say about this that I didn't already say about Parts 1 & 2, but it slides right into our next song.  Track 13: \\"Goodbye Cruel World\\"  A very short and simple song, but I love it. It provides a great ending to the first disc.  Disc 2:  Track 14: \\"Hey You\\"  Where to start... first, the lyrics are very inspirational (for the most part.) Starting out with only acoustic and vocals, this soon springs into a beautiful Gilmour solo and a re-visit to the Another Brick in The Wall riff. Everything about this song (and just about every other song on the album too) is a masterpiece. I couldn't think of a better song to kick off the dark side of \\"The Wall\\" See what I did there?  Track 15: \\"Is There Anybody Out There\\"  This song starts off fairly simple, a strange synth with the words \\"Is there anybody out there?\\" being sung in harmony. Afterwards,the song goes into what has got to be one of my top 3 favorite acoustic guitar solos of all time. So beautiful and melodic.  Track 16: \\"Nobody Home\\"  This song helped me get multiple roles in many different plays/musicals. This song is fairly simple, just Rick and Roger with the occasional string orchestra.  Track 17: \\"Vera\\"  Another short song, the song itself was written about Vera Lynn, an enormously famous actor (who's still around today) from the 1940's and 50's. She was born in 1917, but its an all around calm song.  Track 18: \\"Bring The Boys Back Home\\"  WOAH THERE! This goes back to the marching-band-esque style of drumming along with the entire apparatus as well, strings, brass, percussion, woodwinds, the whole nine yards, and a chorus to top it all off.  Track 19: \\"Comfortably Numb\\"  One of the biggest songs of the album, also one of the only 3 not written by Roger, the song has a very upbeat and happy vibe to it. Gilmour, being the writer, gave himself a huge, intense, melodic, beautiful solo which we all know and love.   Track 20: \\"The Show Must Go On\\"  Delightful is the first word that comes to mind when I hear this song. Starting off with brilliant harmonies, and continues throughout the same way.  Track 21: \\"In The Flesh?\\"  Didn't we do this already? Sort of, a re-visit to the first song of the album, but it's not thesame as \\"In The Flesh.\\" First of all note the \\"?\\" in the title, fancy, no? Second of all, where the first verse usually is, there's more chorus harmonies. Third of all, there are different lyrics and pauses between each line.  Roger (Pink) also calls out audience members that are smoking a joint, gay, or even have spots!  Track 22: \\"Run Like Hell\\"  Yet another party anthem. Fast tempo, loud vocals, and something about that guitar just make you wanna dance. Let's not forget the awesome synth solo by our favorite Rich Wright. Also, probably the fastest song on the album.  Track 23: \\"Waiting For The Worms\\"  More Harmonies in the beginning, this is where things start getting weird. The next are consists of Roger singing a fairly simple verse, then yelling through a bullhorn. Also, we once again receive a visit from the Another Brick in The Wall Riff, HOWEVER, this song has the riff in my favorite form, in it's deepest darkest sound. A crowd begins to chant the word \\"DOWN!\\" The song then comes to an abrupt end with the crowd and Roger screaming at eachother.  Track 24: \\"Stop!\\"  Once I finish \\"Waiting for The Worms\\" I can't stop before listening to this. So short, but so epic, Roger and a Piano.   *****SPOILER ALERT!!!  Track 25: \\"The Trial\\"  Probably the strangest track of the album, Pink's Psychotic teacher, cheating wife, overprotective mother, and the worm himself (AKA, the judge) ALL voiced by Roger. Pink is in court. I'll leave the rest to you. But after Pink receives his sentence, a crowd begins to chant \\"Tear down the wall!\\" in which the song ends with the sound of the wall being torn down and destroyed.  Track 26: \\"Outside The Wall\\"  In the end it's calm again, the same accordion tune we heard in the beginning, but with Roger singing lowly over it, a small children's choir in the background.  Very nice indeed.  Now for the album as a whole:  Replay value: 5/5  Song quality: 5/5  Engineering:  5/5  Diversity:  5/5  Artwork:  5/5  This album has a little somethingfor everyone and every occasion. Whether it be sad, happy, bored, excited, or cruising down the highway, you can always depend on \\"The Wall\\" to keep you entertained. The engineering of the album was masterful to say the least. This album also has some of my favorite Pink Floyd artwork as well, probably the strangest, but I love it all the more. You could listen to this album over and over all day every day, and not get bored of it. Truly, an album for the ages.
B004EPZ07U|4.0|Okay so I have absolutely no beef with the movie itself as it was an excellent addition to DC's superhero films. Most people complain the movie had cheesy elements in it, but I thought, given Green Lantern's abilities and being a human you would derive the same stuff because thats all you know. I am sure a sequel or two would show Hal's improved creativity and will. The movie has impressive visuals and very cool characters who are actually well realized in my opinion. The worst thing about this movie isn't even the movie itself. It is the fraud that is Ultraviolet/Flixster or whatever they are. Be warned this is not a digital copy. It is a streamer and account you must have in order to watch the movie on your PC. So far it hasn't worked for me and to watch it on my iPod I have to download a Flixster app to stream it. So for those of you who wish to stream this media to your PC at you inconvenience and not be able to play it in windows media player or in itunes to use on your iPod enjoy.
0439023513|5.0|Mockingjay, 3rd book in the series, unveils all of the secrets, ties it up neatly, and sends our heroes home.  Recommended!
B005IZLPMY|3.0|So in short the movie was OKAY. It had plenty of good characters involved and the story told was decent. However the movie lacked a lot of action to really show what Captain America could do. Not to mention the way the movie was presented was an extremely bad idea. It was rushed and a lot of the movie is summary scenes (one scene flashing over multiple instances with music attempting to tell a story in 1.5 seconds so we can rush to the end). Captain America needed more time to develope and better action scenes to show off his abilities. I walked away thinking, \\"What is Captain America going to do in the Avengers? Hand out towels and water for the real superheroes?\\". The movie was entertaining, but lacked the enjoyment and fun that other superhero flicks have captured.
0439023491|5.0|Suzanne Collins' 3 books of the Hunger Games are written for young adults.  However, reccommended by my granddaughter, I found them a delightful diversion and devourved all 3 non-stop.  Recommended.
B000ZELISO|4.0|While I have seen this \\"Potter\\" film in theaters, like all of them, it left me satisfied but a bit bewildered. Now that I've seen them all again, including this one out of sequence, things are falling into place. This 6th film seems to be a transition film or as the industry calls it a place setter. We lose much of the action in order to set the stage verbally for what is to come. Only one new major character appears. That of Prof. Slughorn (Jim Broadbent) who is recruited by Dumbledore to return to Hogwarts. Slughorn was instrumental in the development of another student, Tom Riddle who we now know is Lord Voldemort (seen only as a menacing cloud). We also see the conflict within Severus Snape (Alan Rickman who continues to impress). Is he really such a bad guy?? Dumbledore lays it all out for Harry. Specifically Harry is The Chosen One and the only hope against Lord V. (yes they use his name in this film). Harry must find the 7 pieces of the Horcrux that contain Lord V's soul and destroy them. I think they get 3 in this movie but one might be a fake. Never mind, now I'm confused again. In a more frivolous segment, we continue to see our 3 heroes mature. For the first time (I think), Harry kisses Ginny but hey, there's just no chemistry there...sorry. We also see that Hermione has a jealous streak about goofy Ron having a fling with a \\"fangirl\\". I don't see that relationship either. Still, it's fun and gives a break from the ominous tone of the primary story. While this episode is not the best it is highly suspenseful and may be the most important from a plot perspective. It sets everything up for a great conclusion.
B004VF68AQ|5.0|Great CD, but short. I love the new sound, very Pink Floydish. The songs they did with Duff McKagen are really good. Recommended.
B003EYVXTQ|5.0|Young Jennifer Lawrence (Ree Dolly) is so effective in this movie as she was in a little seen movie from 2009 called \\"The Burning Plain\\" staring Kim Basinger. \\"Winter's Bone\\"  is set in poor rural Missouri which is even more bleak than the setting in \\"Burning Plain\\". Ree at 17 heads a family consisting of siblings of 12 and 7, a mother who is mentally ill and jail prone dad who's disappeared. He must show up for trial in a week or the family will forfeit the family home and property. Hell, it must only be worth $100 and that's if you set fire to everything. In any case, it's all they have. Ree sets out on foot (can't afford a vehicle) through the rural countryside to find clues about her dad's whereabouts. He's a meth cook and distributor but it's clear he got in trouble with the bad guys when he blabbered while in custody. Ree is determined to find him or his remains so the bond can be lifted and they can return to their life of eating dirt. It's unsettling to watch, but I was on the edge of my seat from beginning to end.<br /><br />I saw this film when it first opened and mentally nominated Jennifer Lawrence for an Oscar for her strong performance as Ree, the reluctant matriarch of a poor family in the Ozarks of southern Missouri.  John Hawkes was rightfully nominated for an Oscar for his role of Teardrop, Ree's uncle. The rest of the cast is equally brilliant especially Dale Dickey as Merab, the wife of the county drug lord. Old favorite Sheryl Lee shows up in a small but terrific performance as the ex-girlfriend of Ree's dad. The film is bleak, dour and depressing but gives an unflinching look at life among hardscrabble mountain folk. A superb second outing for director Debra Granik who also co-wrote the script.
076781326X|5.0|This video is a treasure for me because it can bring back my childhood memory. I watched this film since I was 6 or 7. The songs and the scenes are valuable because you cannot find all these original form in other way except this video. The pictures are all clear and sharp. If you like musicals, dance, songs with story, it is a very good taste for you. I highly recommend it for you!!It is a great movie. Excellent!!Excellent!!Excellent!! Excellent.........
B005IZLPMY|3.0|Well, here we go again with another comic book character being made into a high budget feature film.  I suspect they will continue to get made until we stop going to see them.  The Marvel cast of superheroes eventually becomes a gang called The Avengers.  This film is about a 1945 young man who wants to get into the fight against Hitler and the Nazis.  Because he is small and frail, he is always rejected by the Army.  He is being observed however, by members of a small group of scientific government types as a subject for an experiment to make a super soldier.  He is Steve Rogers (Chris Evans) and becomes The Chosen One (he he).<br /><br />The experiment works but soon after, everything is destroyed by a Nazi infiltrator.  We get a high dose of wizardry in terms of exotic weapons, especially from an ultra Nazi called Red Skull.  Yep, he has one too.  I really liked that.  Assuming you can get past the re-creation of WW II, \\"CA\\" has much to offer.  First, the retro look of the film is a welcome departure from the more futuristic style of most films of this ilk.  Like the \\"X-Men\\" prequel of a few months ago, the acting is very good.  Chris Evans in particular is well suited to this role.  He gives Rogers/Capt. America a nice guy/Superman image, complete with a sense of humor.  Does this film rank as one of the best of the genre?  Well, not quite.  It's better than the \\"Greens\\" but not as good as \\"Thor\\" or the aforementioned \\"X-Men\\".<br /><br />1-2-12: Blu ray update - The DTS HD Master Audio soundtrack is excellent with window rattling explosions but also subtle enough to show off the score from Alan Silvestri.  This 2-D version is also visually excellent.  The package comes with numerous featurettes, commentary tracks, deleted scenes and 5 trailers.
B005PMNBPY|5.0|It is such a genuine pleasure to hear a completely new set of songs from Perry, Dave and Steve. Having followed them separately since their original parting 20 years ago, it's easy to see that they're all talented artists, but the chemistry they have  when they're together is magical. As Jane's Addiction, they put the sex and drugs into rock 'n roll like no one other band today.  The songs on this new album flow together nicely, with Dave's ethereal/powerful guitar and Perry's melodic vocals pushing each other to do amazing and unexpected things and Steve's driving holds everything together beautifully, as always. I don't hear anything here that stands up to some of the legendary tracks like Three Days or Ocean Size. They're almost displaying a sense of maturity - but it's also like they're just learning to work together again on new things and aren't taking any big risks just yet. Let's hope that this continues this time and they continue making new music together. It's a great album and it feels like having some dear old friends back together for more than just a quick reunion. Thanks guys.
0740797719|5.0|Only one word needed to describe this book.  EXCELLENT!!! If you can only afford one book about color and light, THIS IS IT.
4770030096|3.0|Be careful when you order this book.  I am learning Hiragana but I am not yet fluent enough to read it quickly.  I should have bought the Romaji version.  I will keep the Kana version until I am better at reading.<br />The book comes with an audio CD.  The spoken language is way too fast.  I have to play it backwards and forwards several times to understand what they are saying. I acknowledge that you need to learn to understand a new language at normal speaking speed, but when I am a raw beginner, it would be very helpful to slow it down just a bit, until I get the hang of it.<br />I try to listen to it while I am driving.  This does not work very well, as you need to read the book, while you are listening to it.<br />Having said all this, please don't be deterred, and stick with your Japanese language. Good Luck.
0062011847|4.0|I have read Mr. Pritchett's work for many years & I have every one of his Disk World books, and this one does not disappoint! Not to mention that he once again writes about my favorite character, Sam Vimes! As I've said before & I'll say again, Pritchett's work is the best, like Monty Python meets the Lord of the Rings.
B0056BMK6K|4.0|Having heard about Locke and authors like him who took a place on the front lines of what is becoming a new era of indie publishing and self-publishing, I wanted to check out what he had to say. When you title your book \\"How I Sold 1 Million eBooks in 5 Months, one can't help but take notice. I know I did. It was short read but worth it. It will remain a reference as I move forward with my own publishing endeavors in this new world of publishing.
0765365278|5.0|If the rest of the Stormlight Archive novels are as good as this one then this series is destined to be a hallmark series for this genre.  Sanderson's world building and story telling skills are on full display from start to finish.  while leaving me excited for the next book in the series, it was satisfying enough to stand on its own for some time.  I picked this up at the airport planning on just reading it while waiting for my delayed flight.  I could not put it down for a week and now I can't wait for #2.
B004NSVE4Q|4.0|Great book, highly recommend it. Funny, and strangely insightful to medicine in a delightfully inappropriate way. Working in medicine myself, I could relate to many of the situations of the interns. Was recommended to me by a fabulous ER physician while on rotation for PA school.
1423140591|5.0|This book is a true sequel to an amazing series! The first book,\\"Lost hero\\" was equally amazing! Riordan has really ramped it up for this book. Percy Jackson is back!!!! I don't want to give away anything, just purchase this book!!!! Riordan is a true mythology scholar! If you havent spent time with Percy Jackson and the Olympians series, do so now!!!!
B004QZ9PLU|1.0|.. I used to love Nick Sparks but his books are so predictable - you can get a quarter way through and know the ending.  I'm done spending $13 on a Sparks Kindle book... I'll go back to the cheap seats with new, fresh writers and pay $2 or $3..
B001EM1E94|4.0|While I enjoy being able to see a movie of the first 2 Terry Pratchett Discworld novels, and I also think it has great writing and good actors, there are, unfortunately, flaws with this. Of the 3 UK Sky1/Mob Films produced live action Discworld movies made so far, this was the weakest. Mostly it suffers from, honestly, poor direction and editing. Particularaly the editing. Also, though it is almost entirely populated with good actors, they are nevertheless, not necessarily all the Right actors.<br />This all aside, I still anjoyed it, am glad to own it, and, this Blu-ray of it both looks nicer, And has some slight edits from the original airing(and DVD) which have actually made mild improvements.<br />To me, still worth it.<br />I mostly gave it 4 stars, as opposed to 3, because of the slight improvements to the blu-ray, and my love of Pratchett.
B005DKLPQ0|5.0|This is a very welcome release by Rhino that collects together all of the albums released by The Smiths during (or just after) their relatively short life span. Containing the four studio albums, three compilations and a live album, the music, for most people, needs little or no introduction. This box set really does remind the listener how timeless their music was and how totally unique and original the Morrissey & Marr songwriting partnership was. Also, they were that rarest of bands that released stunning albums and equally stunning singles. And their fanbase never had to wait too long for new music - they were forever releasing non-album singles between albums and this is partly why the 'Hatful of Hollow' and 'The World Won't Listen' compilations were released while the band were still active.<br /><br />If the truth be told, there isn't too much discernible difference between these remasters and the CD re-issues of the 1990s that I own. But it is an improvement, particularly on their eponymous debut, and there is generally (but not always) more space and definition between the instruments. Overall the frequency range is higher but sound quality is in no way compromised to favour a loud mix as can sometimes be the case with remasters.<br /><br />All eight CD covers are exact mini replicas of the original vinyl releases, right down to the stickers and the inlay sleeves. Four of them have gatefold sleeves just like the originals and even the artwork on the CDs themselves is identical to that found on the original vinyl LPs. Housed in a sturdy cardboard case and accompanied by a booklet (albeit very brief for a career encompassing collection), the attention to detail is exceptional. In total there are 111 tracks with a playing time of 6 hours & 35 minutes, although there is some repetition given the inclusion of the three compilation albums.<br /><br />It's not quite the complete Smiths - there are a couple of single only tracks missing and I'll wager that a similar box set featuring remastered CD mini replicas of all of their UK singles will hit the racks at some stage. In summary, this is a worthwhile purchase for fans and newcomers alike and reconfirms that The Smiths were indeed the best, most consistent and prolific band of their generation. It also represents excellent value too.r box set featuring remastered CD mini replicas of all of their UK singles will hit the racks at some stage. In summary, this is a worthwhile purchase for fans and newcomers alike and reconfirms that The Smiths were indeed the best, most consistent and prolific band of their generation. It also represents excellent value too.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|I played this on IOS first, and I can say that on an HTC Sensation at least, the game now plays very well with no noticeable bugs. Very fun and addictive.
B003UESJH4|4.0|This is actually a gift, but I saw the movie in the theatre when it came out.  I throughly enjoyed the story line and the acting was very good indeed.  While my husband enjoyed the movies as well, he thought The Fighter was a better movie, while I liked this one better.  It took a very long time to receive this item.  It was in Springfield, MA on Oct. 6 or 7th, and I received in RI on Oct. 17, even though Springfield, MA is about a 2 hour drive from where I live.  I am not sure why it took 10 or 11 days for it to get here from Springfield, but I did eventually receive it.    Would highly recommend the movie.
0062011847|5.0|He does it again, Sam Vines in all his anger! A really enjoyable read well up to the usual Terry Pratchett standards. Couldn't wait for the hardcopy to arrive so I got the Kindle version, lucky I guess, it worked perfectly for me.  Thank you Sir Terry.
0385534639|3.0|Don't let my 3 star rating fool you, The Night Circus is a good book. The author incorporates some very interesting concepts into the story line such as the true nature of time and magic in such a practical and down to earth way that it seems possible.  There are, however, some issues that won't let me give this book more than 3 stars. I will list those issues one by one in an effort to be as thorough as I possibly can.  Predictability: The story line is totally predictable and before I read half the book I already had a really good idea of how the book was going to end and what would happen to some of the characters.  Depth: Good story, interesting concepts, but it somehow feels shallow. There wasn't much in the periphery of the main story line and some of the characters, while beautifully crafted, lacked the depth required for someone to truly grasp their personalities.  Pretentiousness: I'm not particularly sure pretentious is the best word to use in this instance, I just can't think of another one. See, many authors today are so in love with themselves that they feel the world would benefit if they teach you a thing or two about a thing or two. In other words, many authors want to teach you a life lesson through their writings with no other purpose besides letting you know that \\"they know.\\" I think the author of this book was VERY effective at toning that down and I am not \\"accusing\\" her of doing such things. However, she makes some references to specific teas and tea ceremonies that serve no purpose besides letting you know that she is a tea connoisseur.   Let me be more specific. The author makes reference to Matcha tea and the Japanese Tea Ceremony and Lapsang Souchong without an explanation of any sort. Not only are those references useless to the story, but the reader who is not particularly familiar with Japanese Green Teas, Japanese tea culture, and Chinese Teas probably won't know what she means when she says something along the lines of \\"the dragon eatshis foes along with a cup of Lapsang Souchong,\\" I mean it would have been clearer to say with a cup of tea, green tea, or something along those lines... I thought maybe I was being too harsh, but I realized that a very good chunk of the story takes place in England, and while the daily afternoon tea is mentioned there is absolutely no reference to any specific type of black tea consumed in England. What does that tell you besides the bold statement that the author favors Chinese and Japanese teas?  Again, many authors out there are a lot more full of themselves and really get annoying with their \\"teachings,\\" Erin M. did a good job at keeping herself at bay and focus on story telling.  I liked the book, it was very entertaining, well written, and original, I just don't think it's a 5 star book.  Just my two cents.
B00005JKGK|5.0|The Joy Luck Club was over looked for an Academy Award the year it was released. The Academy REALLY dropped-the-ball on this one. My friend's and I agree, Joy Luck Club is simply one of the best family-based movie ever made! The story line grips you until the very end. Sit down with your family and open your souls to great film making. Thank you Oliver Stone.
B0050QV0RQ|5.0|This is the best Final Fantasy style RPG I've found yet on droid.  The characters and dialogue are interesting, the battle system is solid, there's an interesting class/job mechanic, it looks good.  The only real negative for me is that the dialogue feels like it was written in (probably) Japanese and then translated a bit too literally. Some if it just doesn't come across very well.  A very minor negative: I would like to see more variety in the monster icons on the map. Plenty of variety in battle, but there's only three or four models on the map.
6305144176|5.0|I saw this movie in the theatre and could'nt wait until VHS release. Years passed and it slipped through time. Now re-discovered on Amazon. Good Morning, Vietnam is a riot of a movie. Full of \\"wise-cracks and one liners\\". Good show, I love it.
B005D9MUWY|5.0|This has become the only keyboard I use.  Pros:  Autocorrect and word prediction light years beyond the base Droid  Excellent look and feel  Makes typing quicker through little things (like auto spaces after a period)  Cons:  A lot of those things that make typing quicker can be a bit of a hassle when you don't want them to happen. For example, with auto spaces after period, <.< >.> becomes very hard to type.  Depending on what you select, the autocorrect can be *very* aggressive. For example, if you're typing \\"can't\\", for which you would press c-a-n-t, and instead pressed c-a-n-s, you could easily end up with something like \\"constitution\\". Again, this isn't a base problem with the program or its abilities, it's that I've set it to be aggressive with the its suggestions to speed typing. So, really, not so much a con as it is a caution. The program is powerful, with all that implies.
B000N4SHPS|5.0|Out of all the Rocky movies, Rocky Balboa was OUTSTANDING! Roll out the red carpet for this inspiration of a movie. I was right there between a teardrop and a smile from start to finish. A good buy...get it and keep it.
B001OQCV2E|1.0|It can be summarized in one sentence \\" Once you have seen one film<br />from Emmerich; you have seen all of them.\\"
B000A5044C|4.0|The cruelty of abandonment was very difficult to watch, and it was compounded by the fact the person guilty of the cruelty was such a silly and hapless being, more than likely suffering from some kind of mental disorder herself.  The oldest boy from the real-life event must be about 37 now. It hurts to imagine there is a real human being living with that kind of memory.  I almost wish the movie offered a lesson to take away or some type of a resolution. Without one, it is just utterly and profoundly devastating.
B005R32L66|4.0|For the first time, I got an app that allows me to do a voice call on my coby kyros - froyo tablet. Although i am yet to figure out how to make the webcam work, pretty delighted that it actually works!
B004FOA84A|1.0|The game was o.k., but once you \\"unlocked\\" the clues, that was it.  Was a one-time play.  As a free game it was worth the price, but to have to pay for something that you would not want to play over and over again, does not seem worthwhile to me.  If you are willing to spend money on 30 to 60 minutes worth of entertainment, it is a pretty decent game.  Otherwise, it is not very advanced and does not have options that make it worth playing over again.
0385534639|4.0|Step right up and don't push... you will all get a chance to enter.  The Night Circus is a mysterious Circus that opens only at night.  It comes with no warning, and leaves the same way... but if you are lucky enough to catch it you are in for the time of your life.  It is called Le Cirque des Rêves.<br /><br />While attendees rave about the never-ending tents filled with amazing sights to see, what they do not see is the underlining workings of the circus.  Celia, who has been raised with the circus since a child is running the Night Circus as a competition that even she does not quite understand... her opponent... could be anyone, friend or foe... she is unsure.... all Celia does know is that she must continue to work bigger and better in this mysterious game as she will soon find out - the stakes are quite high.<br /><br />First off know this... Celia is not the main character.  Nor are the twins that are talked about frequently throughout the story - Widget and Poppet.  No.  The main character is indeed the circus itself.  If ever life was breathed into a place, an object... this is it.  The circus lives and breathes just as much as I do as I write this review.<br /><br />The beauty of this book that I think could align it with the Potter books is the immense detail... carousels do not only go round and round... but beyond.  Tea pots come to a boil on cue and tea is poured free hand from them.  Celia wears a dress that changes color to compliment whatever the person she is talking to is wearing...a particular visual I loved were the trees that have poems running down the trunks.<br /><br />At times story lines may appear unrelated.... but just wait as this is the real magic of the novel.... when it does come together there is a bit of magic to it all for the reader... I referred to it as a party for my mind.<br /><br />While the book at first may appear to be all cotton candy and caramel apples.... you will quickly discover it is indeed a tightrope walk of event after event... each carefully placed to make the circus function as it does and one misstep...<br /><br />could bring it all down.<br /><br />Did it touch me as much as the Harry Potter books?  No... but I have a lot of history with Harry.  I have heard the buzz that the Movie rights have been purchased and that does excite me as I believe this read would make a visual feast.  I will certainly be in line early to get my ticket.he circus function as it does and one misstep...  could bring it all down.  Did it touch me as much as the Harry Potter books?  No... but I have a lot of history with Harry.  I have heard the buzz that the Movie rights have been purchased and that does excite me as I believe this read would make a visual feast.  I will certainly be in line early to get my ticket.
B004SBS8LA|2.0|Thr most popular unfinished game ever.! It continually lags, even more so after every update ..oh well ..squak.. how many more words do I ne....
B004KX5KPI|4.0|This is a soulful songster to begin with so saying this CD is happier is a relative thing.  The lyrics conjure up images that challenge the normal limpid way songsters try to describe emotions.  The feelings expressed in the words challenge the listener to explore a better way to say how they personally would feel in the same circumstance.  I have all ways liked Nick's voice and I think the music he writes and sings fits his style.  There are several very good songs on the Album not the least of which is the love song used in the movie Zero Effect.  Get the CD and listen to it several times it will be worth your time and your emotions.
B004EPZ084|5.0|The premise may sound hilarious, and it may sound stupid, depending on the individual, but if you can appreciate the humor in laughing at people whose intentions are never carried out in the right way, then you will love Horrible Bosses.  It has a lot of swearing and a lot of adult concepts, but the funny is so nicely tied in with all the crude humor that it was hardly noticeable.  Yes, not everything that was said, especially by the \\"maneater\\" and \\"tool\\" was politically correct, but the humor came out of their employees - who know that they shouldn't say or do those things - reacting to the awfulness that is their employers.  Very funny.  Charlie Day stole the show for me, but the entire cast has chemistry that shines through onscreen.  Great casting, great writing, great movie.
B004SBS8LA|4.0|The game is addictive. Keeping u wanting more and more, but when there is an update for the next level, u will be disappointed.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I was a skeptic especially when I started this book. However, it quickly grabs you and you cannot wait to read the following two.
B003L77G8I|4.0|A distinguishing aspect of \\"Bones\\" is subtle nuances of character - primarily Booth's and Brennen's -- whose perplexing actions in early Season 6 can be clarified by careful rewatching. Particularly the destabilizing Hannah arc.   I reviewed all the scenes that could shed light, hoping to figure out why Booth was driven to propose marriage to Hannah in Ep. 6.13 \\"The Daredevil in the Mold\\" -- even after Brennen had declared her desire to be with him in Ep. 6.9 \\"The Doctor In the Photo.\\"   The first insight into Booth's mindset can be seen way back in Ep. 6.5 \\"The Bones That Weren't,\\" when he prepares Hannah a romantic dinner, to which she responds aghast with \\"Oh God, you are going to propose.\\" He assures her he is not. Ergo, when Booth does pop the question in Daredevil, he is already aware that Hannah would so not want to be proposed to. When she responds on cue with a turndown, Booth reacts by immediately and adamantly forcing her out of his apartment and totally out of his life. The beauty of the maneuver is that Hannah, rather than having to leave as a rejected person, can leave with the illusion of having had some control. Still, she begs Booth to let her stay, while he refuses to even engage in the discussion. Devious indeed, but he's also gallant. He finishes the evening emoting at drinks with Brennen.  The unanswerable question is why Hannah did not just say yes, considering she gave up a plum job in the War Zone to move near him, then cohabited as a quasi-wife.  Why not just license it, if it meant so much to him? The writers gave us no hint, leaving Hannah as an underdeveloped and very unpopular plot device void of any explanation of motivation.  Season 6 as a whole could have ended on even stronger footing, had the writers just taken a little more effort with Hannah.
B0055SWM08|5.0|simple, elegant, relaxing, and surprisingly tricky.    I usually feel a similar way when attempting all puzzle games: a certain anxiousness to reach the end goal and move on to the next task, marred with frustration when i get stuck or take too long... quell was different though.  an almost meditative state is entered with soothing music and the quiet task of flicking raindrops around a window pane on a rainy afternoon: the fun is definitely in the playing moreso than the goal.  very enjoyable and creative level design.  the \\"completion\\" bug is satisfied with a goal number of moves displayed above each level, though there is no push to achieve this.  my favorite part of the game is knowing that quell: reflect is available to buy when i'm done!
B000002GBB|4.0|This album represented an optimistic feel to my mid high school years of competing with my peers and struggling for acceptance in such a judgmental society of jocks, burn-outs, Jesus freaks, and misfits. The latter, which I associated as of myself.<br /><br />High school is where you start to realize that if you didn't fit in, you could be quickly singled out as the guy to pick on, talked negatively about, or just get ignored by the people who heard unsupported slander about you. Well, that's where, when school was over, and you just got your new (piece of junk) car, you went out cruising with your real friends. The other rejects which you felt comfortable with, and belonged with after school.<br /><br />I guess what I'm saying here, is that high school was intimidating and made you feel that life was not treating you very well. The jocks were nourishing their egos by making non-jocks feel inferior to them, the burn-outs were always looking for someone to kick their a$$ just for fun, and the Jesus freaks were able to disassociate themselves from all the other non-Jesus freaks as if social acceptance was not a concern at all. So, us misfits were just targets to make feel uncomfortable at school.<br /><br />This album of \\"Pieces of Eight\\" from Styx was the album that offered an optimistic feel about being alive. I was able to forget about the negative impact on what I had to go through at high school, and actually had found a new ambition to make the world my oyster. After high school, my life changed practically 180 degrees as I attended Dale Carnegie School and then joined the Air Force.<br /><br />During my first tour at Hickam AFB, in Hawaii, I started to appreciate my new life. As I always loved music, it was when I bought the vinyl album of \\"Pieces of Eight\\" from Styx (because I wore out my initial cassette tape), I was re-inspired about my new optimistic feel about my new life. I recorded this album plus a few other Styx songs from their other albums, on to cassette tape, I would play this tape through my Sony Walkman, while walking along Waikiki Beach on a casual golden dusk of a Tuesday evening or so. When I bought a car (a black 1970 Mercury Cougar), I would crank up the cassette while my friends and I would party at Hickam Harbor with the beers and the other guys and the girls. We all shared similar stories. None of us were high school jocks or burn-outs. We all found a positive calling in going into the military.<br /><br />I always think about the positive lifestyle that I enjoyed in the Air Force, sharing this album with my Airman friends on the beach at Hickam Harbor in the Air Force in 1981 and 1982. Screw those jocks!  As I'm learning on Facebook from friends who are still living in Michigan going nowhere in their lives, those high-browed jocks are even greater losers in the challenge of a good, respectable life. My life is good.  I laugh at those jocks for what they've become now.gh my Sony Walkman, while walking along Waikiki Beach on a casual golden dusk of a Tuesday evening or so. When I bought a car (a black 1970 Mercury Cougar), I would crank up the cassette while my friends and I would party at Hickam Harbor with the beers and the other guys and the girls. We all shared similar stories. None of us were high school jocks or burn-outs. We all found a positive calling in going into the military.  I always think about the positive lifestyle that I enjoyed in the Air Force, sharing this album with my Airman friends on the beach at Hickam Harbor in the Air Force in 1981 and 1982. Screw those jocks!  As I'm learning on Facebook from friends who are still living in Michigan going nowhere in their lives, those high-browed jocks are even greater losers in the challenge of a good, respectable life. My life is good.  I laugh at those jocks for what they've become now.
B0053F042G|3.0|I picked this up as it was billed as something that would keep you guessing till the end. But I found it pretty predictable and similar to other movies covering this kind of ground. Still it was ok and the acting was top notch.
B000002UBB|5.0|This album represented an optimistic feel to my mid high school years of competing with my peers and struggling for acceptance in such a judgmental society of jocks, burn-outs, Jesus freaks, and misfits. The latter, which I associated as of myself.<br /><br />High school is where you start to realize that if you didn't fit in, you could be quickly singled out as the guy to pick on, talked negatively about, or just get ignored by the people who heard unsupported slander about you. Well, that's where, when school was over, and you just got your new (piece of junk) car, you went out cruising with your real friends. The other rejects which you felt comfortable with, and belonged with after school.<br /><br />I guess what I'm saying here, is that high school was intimidating and made you feel that life was not treating you very well. The jocks were nourishing their egos by making non-jocks feel inferior to them, the burn-outs were always looking for someone to kick their a$$ just for fun, and the Jesus freaks were able to disassociate themselves from all the other non-Jesus freaks as if social acceptance was not a concern at all. So, us misfits were just targets to make feel uncomfortable at school.<br /><br />This album of Steve Miller's \\"Fly Like an Eagle\\" was the album that offered an optimistic feel about being alive. I was able to forget about the negative impact on what I had to go through at high school, and actually had found a new ambition to make the world my oyster. After high school, my life changed practically 180 degrees as I attended Dale Carnegie School and then joined the Air Force.<br /><br />During my first tour at Hickam AFB, in Hawaii, I started to appreciate my new life. As I always loved music, it was when I bought the vinyl album of Steve Miller's \\"Fly Like an Eagle\\" (because I wore out my initial cassette tape), I was re-inspired about my new optimistic feel about my new life. I recorded this album plus a few other Steve Miller Band songs from their other albums, on to cassette tape, I would play this tape through my Sony Walkman, while walking along Waikiki Beach on a casual golden dusk of a Tuesday evening or so. When I bought a car (a black 1970 Mercury Cougar), I would crank up the cassette while my friends and I would party at Hickam Harbor with the beers and the other guys and the girls. We all shared similar stories. None of us were high school jocks or burn-outs. We all found a positive calling in going into the military. And many of us shared the same love for this album of \\"Fly like an Eagle\\" we all agreed that at least eight of the twelve tracks were staples of a simple, feel-good country space pop, soundtrack to all our questionable futures that improved when this great album was played in our bedrooms at home.<br /><br />I always think about the positive lifestyle that I enjoyed in the Air Force, sharing this album with my Airman friends on thge beach at Hickam Harbor in the Air Force in 1981 and 1982. Screw those jocks!  As I'm learning on Facebook from friends who are still living in Michigan going nowhere in their lives, those high-browed jocks are even greater losers in the challenge of a good, respectable life. My life is good.  I laugh at those jocks for what they've become now.would play this tape through my Sony Walkman, while walking along Waikiki Beach on a casual golden dusk of a Tuesday evening or so. When I bought a car (a black 1970 Mercury Cougar), I would crank up the cassette while my friends and I would party at Hickam Harbor with the beers and the other guys and the girls. We all shared similar stories. None of us were high school jocks or burn-outs. We all found a positive calling in going into the military. And many of us shared the same love for this album of \\"Fly like an Eagle\\" we all agreed that at least eight of the twelve tracks were staples of a simple, feel-good country space pop, soundtrack to all our questionable futures that improved when this great album was played in our bedrooms at home.   I always think about the positive lifestyle that I enjoyed in the Air Force, sharing this album with my Airman friends on thge beach at Hickam Harbor in the Air Force in 1981 and 1982. Screw those jocks!  As I'm learning on Facebook from friends who are still living in Michigan going nowhere in their lives, those high-browed jocks are even greater losers in the challenge of a good, respectable life. My life is good.  I laugh at those jocks for what they've become now.
B005D1IFUS|5.0|Hey all,Hope you don't hesitate to grab the new album from Eric Sardinas and Big Motor \\"Sticks and Stones\\". We had a great time making it and all the guys performances were inspiring to hear and see. A lot of love,laughter and passion went into making the record and we hope you all dig it. Then go out to see the band live!  Producer Matt Gruber.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|impressive design and quality, with an incredible audio and video that only Lucasfilm and 20th Century Fox offers us the reason recomindo Batio extensively with world record only in its early days. this pack in book creates much disiendo inmaginacion that there will be in the time to buy, not that great.
B003F3NDWG|5.0|WONDERFUL AND SIMPLE TO FIND THIS ITEM ON AMAZON.  PAID A LOT LESS THAN I COULD FIND IT IN THE STORES IN MY CITY.  VERY EASY AND CONVENIENT.  LOVE THIS SERIES!!!
B000002U82|5.0|Well...this is the first remastering of this CD. That may not be counting imports so, I mean this is the first LOCAL remastering. It sounds really good and there are no buzzing or clicking noises. Except, when they're actually part of the music. There are no bonus tracks. Now, this is the most popular of Pink Floyd's albums. It also, happens to be one of the top selling albums in America and elsewhere. The reason being, this was the moment that Psychedelic Rock officially became a recognized genre. Or sub-genre, to be more specific. The songs are a solid bunch of weirdness, but that is really a good thing. All of them have been immortalized through the power of radio. In short: This is a good CD for hippies, writers, philosophers and the like. It's great, even after all these years!
B000FQJAIW|5.0|Let's get something straight right now:  The intelligentsia loves Empire Strikes Back. They say it's because Empire is one of the only blockbuster movies that actually has a downer ending in which the bad guys win. They enjoy being contrarian. They're deluded.  The romantics love Return of the Jedi. They get all teary-eyed at the funeral pyre scene when Anakin Skywalker appears in his non-Darth Vader form at the end. They are simpering sentimental fools.  Only degenerates love Episodes I thru III. They need counseling.   The original Star Wars is without a doubt the BEST of the series. None of the other films come close. The good thing about this particular package is that Disc 2 contains the ACTUAL original, not the bogus \\"enhanced\\" Star Wars with the silly new graphics, symbols in themselves of all sorts of late-life regrets and insecurities on Lucas's part. No, Disc 2 contains the real deal. The best of the bunch, unsullied and unsurpassed.
B0009RCPY8|5.0|Everything any Ghostbusters fan who does not yet have Blu-ray could ever need...is right here. Let me explain the setup: Disc 1 is the first movie that has really good quality picture and a lot of cool bonus features. The second disc is Ghostbusters 2. There are suprisingly few special features on this disc. The only thing worth noting is 2 episodes of \\"The Real Ghostbusters\\". The picture quality is just as good as the first movie. The booklet is awesome. It has actor biographies and a short history of the making of the films. The whole package is just amazingly good. It's really...look, if you like these movies and don't have Blu-ray, YOU WANT THIS!!!
B005LS5M2M|5.0|This version of the movie has many of the stupid awkward moments cut out and some shoddy camera shots fixed up. This for all in intents and purposes is a touch up, and like any touch up sometimes it makes things worse but this time it really worked. I saw this movie in theaters in 2d and 3d and I thought it was pretty bad considering its the Green frig-gen lantern which has so much to work with. Summary this version makes the movie not only worth watching but very good.
B000GQOTBO|1.0|I have not read it again in this format... it is much too small print and very cheap paperback format... first complaint ever!
B002VEB228|3.0|Worth the $2 or $3 for a Friday/Saturday night movie (and you don't have to worry about taking it back!)...not great but good with a few twists and turns.
B000F8O35U|2.0|I am pretty sure this is not an original case of the movie and there is a glitch in the film at the same scene every time. For one, it's a two disc dvd but the inside of the case is unlike any other Disney 2-disc dvd case I have ever seen. My mom has this same dvd and her case is totally different. It came sealed but I think the person who sold it must have done it themselves because the Disney Magic Code for rewards points on the inside cover had already been used. Pretty sketchy if you ask me. Definitely won't buy from an outside seller next time..gonna stick to Amazon seller even though it's more expensive!
B000TNF7NS|5.0|I wasn't really familiar with UFO but have heard a couple of their songs in the past and liked them.  Then I was talking to my brother-in-law and it's one of his favorite bands, so I did some looking around on amazon.com and ended up ordering \\"Force It\\" based on the reviews I read - Where Has This Band Been All My Life??!!  What an awesome CD - every song is good.  It's just straight-up, stripped-down 70's rock n roll!!  Shoot Shoot and Let It Roll are probably my favorites, but really, you just turn the volume up and don't have to worry about it when you put this on.  A must for any self-respecting person who's into 70's and 80's hard rock.
B005QPGHQU|3.0|This is an astonishingly underwhelming album that covers little, if any, new ground. If you liked their first album, just listen to that again instead of buying this. If you are a big fan of the band, rather than a passive admirer like myself, you will likely enjoy this, but I was hoping they would expand their horizons more.  Skip the album, but download:  Sick  Swimming Home (this is the \\"little, if any\\" new ground they covered on the album)
B0055V6EZE|5.0|I'm a fan of classical New Orleans jazz. I visit the Jazz Preservation Hall in the French Quarter whenever I can. This album reminds me of those concerts. Even if it's sung by a middle class Englishman. I love it! [I like his tv show too.]
0385340540|5.0|I just finished 'The Broker' and really enjoyed this book. It provides a \\"can't put it down\\" plot with palpable anxiety of the main character, Joel Backman. Grisham's character development is superb about Joel Backman, an ex DC power broker. The brilliant story unfolds as formerly powerful and political Backman lives in Italy under an assumed identity at the mercy of the CIA and other powerful spy agencies seeking to kill him. The question of \\"who will get to him first?\\" resonates in the reader's mind the entire book and the book's breathtaking pace makes it very difficult to put down. This is an ideal travel read as it's a \\"quick\\" and enjoyable 400 pages. Excellent, excellent book and definitely recommended.
B001JRB16U|5.0|It is a very good movie! A classic and my kids love to watch it! Fun for the whole family!
034552554X|5.0|I had tears many times as I read this wonderful book.  The imagary, not just of the flowers,  but Victoria's relationship with food, people, her limited understanding of attachment and boundaries was both heartbreaking and enjoyable.  I loved this book and look forward to the authors next.
B004T5R2HQ|5.0|it's awesome i love it can scan pics in a sec.i have scanned pics from my family to my phone
B000UVTZXM|5.0|excelent product will purchase it again. it was a gift and the person love it as well as me.  the weight and the size are excelent
0545128285|5.0|I am of course a little biased, having read Rowling's books for the past 10 years, but I definitely highly recommend this book to all Potter fans. The tales are (at times) a little peculiar or grim. I like feeling like I am reading a book that the children of the wizarding world would know as a classic. My sister who is 12 loves it too, and has not actually read most of the Harry Potter books, so even if you haven't read the series, the stories in the Tales of Beedle the Bard are still fun and interesting.
B001BTG3OQ|5.0|I watched K. Falls Product review! I purchased the flash right after! When the flash arrived I used it that night for an event I was shooting! I was very pleased! Thanks Ken!<br /><br />PS I also purchased the micro 105 lens
B004EPZ07U|3.0|I am typing along with many others that this was the first --and probably LAST-- movie I buy that has this ultraviolet mess (my computer is still stuck).  Like another reviewer, I'm pretty sure I pre-ordered a THREE DISC SET and I don't remember it stating \\"ultraviolet\\" digital copy.  Either way, this is NOT what was promised.  I would send it back but have already opened it and want to keep the blu ray because the movie was really good.  So I recommend that people just stick with the individual blu ray or the dvd.    Actual movie=5 stars  This version=2 stars
0385344325|5.0|Not going to go into details, everyone else has done that.  Just want to say it's another great book by Lee Child.  Get it, read it, enjoy it....then tell everyone else.
0765322889|2.0|Okay, so it's about time I reviewed a book I read a couple of months ago. Prior to reading it, I had read a lot of reviews and did see some warning signs that book one might be hard to digest for some readers. I also saw that the series had a huge fan-base devoted to the Malazan empire - this devotion is what prompted me to invest my time in the first place. Not wanting to get involved with another long (TEN epic Volumes) series just yet, Gardens of the Moon by Steven Erikson had been sitting on my shelf for almost a year as I read other books. In August I finally took the plunge out of pure curiosity.<br /><br />First I will go over what I liked in this novel - the writing. Steven Erikson has a way with words. I had read a couple of reviews saying the opposite - harping on Erikson for using the same few uncommon words over and over. I simply found this to be untrue. His language use was beautifully dark and sinister. At times I felt I was reading an epic poem instead of a novel. His style of writing is not something you can learn so much as it is part of his nature. I envy writer's with this gift.<br /><br />What some people may not like, but I can appreciate is the twisting maze full of dead ends, shifting corridors, and nasty traps Erikson guides his readers through. Some folks like this style of writing as it challenges them to stay on their game as they turn each page. Other people tend to want an easy to follow story where they can just sit back, relax, and enjoy the ride. Erikson has given us a glossary at the back of the novel which will come in very handy to those falling in the first category. If you fall in the latter, I would not recommend this book.<br /><br />Now on to what I did not care for in the story - the characters. Erikson's large list of main characters was quickly introduced to us and all of them (save for one who talked in the third person) appeared exactly the same to me. By this I mean their mannerisms were identical, their language was too similar. Even their thought processes were unoriginal, focused solely around their own survival in a world out to destroy each of them in a very personal way - all the while they were indiscriminately killing other poor souls who crossed their paths. There was no real buildup - fast or slow - explaining what defined the characters and the actions they took throughout the book. I was simply thrust into the middle of the story and expected to pick favorites based on what I still am not sure.<br /><br />As an aspiring writer myself, reading Gardens has taught me that a great book is nothing without its characters. Prior to reading Gardens, I had been focusing too much of my own plot-lines around the story I want to tell, rather than character development and getting my readers invested which is the real reason they keep turning the pages.<br /><br />The question now is: \\"will I continue on with this series?\\" I believe I will as I have read reviews saying book two is much better than its predecessor.<br /><br />Overall I give Gardens of the Moon 2 out of 5 stars, but who am I to say you won't love it?processes were unoriginal, focused solely around their own survival in a world out to destroy each of them in a very personal way - all the while they were indiscriminately killing other poor souls who crossed their paths. There was no real buildup - fast or slow - explaining what defined the characters and the actions they took throughout the book. I was simply thrust into the middle of the story and expected to pick favorites based on what I still am not sure.  As an aspiring writer myself, reading Gardens has taught me that a great book is nothing without its characters. Prior to reading Gardens, I had been focusing too much of my own plot-lines around the story I want to tell, rather than character development and getting my readers invested which is the real reason they keep turning the pages.  The question now is: \\"will I continue on with this series?\\" I believe I will as I have read reviews saying book two is much better than its predecessor.  Overall I give Gardens of the Moon 2 out of 5 stars, but who am I to say you won't love it?
0596009208|1.0|Who this book would be perfect for:   (1) a bright, precocious 6th grader who is comfortable learning from a book by herself, and has a parent who writes code for a living.    (2) a somewhat bright but unmotivated {high school student - professional} who can write procedural scripts, and is ready for OO programming, and wants to go about learning it in the most inefficient way possible, which is OK since she smokes grass while doing her assignments anyway and the book makes her giggle uncontrollably.    (3) somebody who wants to pretend to know about Java to fit in with his programmer poker buddies or talk about during his knitting circle session.  (4) a C++ ninja who is curious about Java but is on a stressful vacation during which his wife doesn't want him to work/read.    Other than the above, I can't really see a point for this book.  The problem is that this book is a godsend for those who fall within its sweetspot: reasonably motivated quasi-n00bs who already have coding experience and who need a cutesy, \\"different\\" method to further motivate them.  But for complete n00bs, this book jumps around without elaboration on some important parts; and for coding ninjas, all the cutesy stuff just gets in the friggin way and gets tedious after page 3.  Basically, without sounding too harsh, this book is the worst of all worlds since it isn't rigorous enough for n00bs and ninjas alike and instead tries to compensate with humor.  I can understand why at first blush people would love this book -- it has a style more like a coloring book than a CS book and that makes it \\"edgy.\\"  But really, those with the time to spend would do so much better at a standard Java beginner book.  Those who cannot stand those \\"serious\\" programming books ... well, you're not never going to be a serious programmer then.
055358894X|5.0|Now to review one of my favorite books! Scott Lynch's The Lies of Locke Lamora is perhaps the best book I have read, EVER! Whether you are into fantasy fiction, action packed adventures, or mysteries this book will please. I have heard it referred to as Oceans Eleven - this is not far from the mark in a lot of respects. Let the heaping of praise begin...<br /><br />Take the age old tale of Oliver Twist. Now instead of finding Oliver a home, let's turn him into a con-man. Not JUST a con-man, a con-artist! A con-artist with a tight knit family who all surprisingly have each others' backs. Why would a con have another con's back? Because they are family! Lynch does a fantastic job building the relationships between all the characters. His style of doing this is a clever back and forth between the present and the past, explaining myriad relationships and actions taken in the present with events from the past.<br /><br />The language, Brilliant! On the verge of offensive, but not crossing the line, Lynch knows exactly what his reader wants. F-bombs are dropped in clusters - not to shock the reader but because that is actually how these characters speak! I was cracking up to the dialogue. Picture some young inner city kids - no respect for the law, fearful of those bigger than them but witty enough to worm their way out of almost anything. And if words fail, they have no qualms with (actually, they'll enjoy it and brag about it later) kicking their oppressor in the sack and running down an alley as fast as possible to escape.<br /><br />The story... wow! Tons of twists, gotchas, lots of tragedy, and even a small heart warming feeling at the end. Revenge, murder, honor, loyalty, a crimson tinge around your vision as you read on - I couldn't put the book down.<br /><br />I give this book a glowing 5 out of 5 stars without any reserve. I have read a lot of fantasy books, but this one seriously has been my favorite to date. Whenever anyone I meet asks me about a book to read, Lies is the first one I always recommend. I'm very glad I finally read it this past summer, and angry at myself for not reading it sooner.d. I'm very glad I finally read it this past summer, and angry at myself for not reading it sooner.
B001AOKA3W|5.0|Yet enjoyable and worth watching. Lot's of people gave a bad review don't let that stop you from watching it. Of course the vast majority of people go watch movies like Transformers and the Twilight Saga.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|Amazing game. Love it love it love it. Best game I have on my phone. The replayability of this game is wonder ful. Worth every penny. All that said, it does crash on my samsung galaxy s2 epic 4g touch... But what doesn't. Not the fault of the game... 6 stars if I could!
B001OMJGD0|1.0|This is the worst incarnation of Superman EVER. I worried it killed the franchise when it came out. Bad casting, bad acting, but worse, bad WRITING: These writers did not understand the characters at ALL. When Clark says to Lois, \\"I wouldn't want to damage our relationship,\\" and she blankly looks at him and says, \\"Relationship?\\", as if they weren't even FRIENDS? No, no, no... And, Superman being gone for five years was ridiculous. He wouldn't have just left like that, and if Lois were pregnant, he would have known it, and she wouldn't have grown bitter, writing some article about \\"the world doesn't need Superman\\" and shacked up with Perry's nephew, making him think HE was the father. Anyone who knows Lois OR Clark knows THAT... The ONLY praise I have of this movie was a veiled cameo of the late Glenn Ford (The Original Pa Kent) in the form of a photograph, and the cameo of Noel Neil, TV's Lois Lane in the 1950s. Clearly neither the writers nor the producers or directors knew anything at all about Superman.
B00003CX8Y|5.0|everything was as expected, thank you. I will buy again FROM this seller. Kids love the dvd, they watch it over and over and it works great, no problems with it.
B0034G4ORC|5.0|Very much like the real thing I've been told. No bumble bees though? Very intense, watch during daylight if you have to.  I enjoyed it very much.
B005D9MUWY|4.0|Definitely an improvement over the stock keyboard once you disable the arrow keys. The keys feel bigger (i.e., easier to hit) and the predictive capabilities aren't bad. I sometimes have to wrestle with punctuation, which is the only real negative.
B005D0RDKW|3.0|How can there already be 32 reviews on a product that won't be released for another two months? You can review the band. You can review the show. But you can't review the DVD if it isn't out yet.
B0052UZIFA|4.0|this game is very fun. my only complaint is that the sound resets to &quot;on&quot; every time I open the app back up after doing something else. Otherwise, this would be a 5 star app.
B0053Q9DHW|5.0|I didn't think it possible to do justice to this book in a two-hour flick.  I almost didn't watch it, because the last attempt was so deplorable (from 1996).  This turned out to be my favorite of them all, surpassing even the 1983 miniseries with Timothy Dalton.  This version of my all-time favorite book is beautifully, masterfully done.  The second time through, I had my husband watch--a guy who can't stay awake for a 40-minute TV show without commercials.  He was transfixed the entire time, never got up (never happens), and when it was done, said, \\"That was a great movie!\\"  This new version is unusual in that it isn't linear.  It starts in the middle of the book, and most of the story is told in flashbacks.  This made it more interesting, and they were able to accomplish more in less time.  The story never felt rushed.  While you can't include all of a 500-page book in any movie or miniseries, they were quite faithful to the book and covered everything that was important.  Characters were well developed.  Mia and Michael did a wonderful job portraying Jane and Rochester, to a degree not accomplished in any previous version I have seen.  I felt that they truly encompassed the people about whom Charlotte wrote, both the innocence, determination, and loneliness of Jane, and the darkness, intensity and passion of Rochester.  Their chemistry was palpable.  I would change only two things:  First, to spend maybe a couple minutes more on the reunion at the end.  The director chose to include less dialog, and the effect wasn't lost (sometimes in reading the book, I'd find myself thinking, \\"Jane, will you just stop talking!\\" though in that last scene, it was Rochester resisting).  Second, I would make it more clear that Rochester was actually calling out to Jane at the very moment she heard him from many miles away.  On a side note, he didn't lose his hand here.  In other versions, it was somewhat awkwardly done, as you can't cut off the hand of the actor, so I preferred this approach.  I would HIGHLY recommend watching deleted scenes.  Some of them were wisely removed.  Others should have remained and would have added much to the telling (the badminton scene being one of them, wherein Rochester explains to Jane how he ended up with Adele, and also the scene where he begged for Jane at her bedroom door, showing his desperation and despair and broken heart).  The musical score reminded me of The Village, and I read through the entire (very long!) list of credits at the end to determine whether this was actually Hilary Hahn on the violin.  It wasn't, but sounded much like her, which is a great compliment to the violinist, Jack Liebeck.  Speaking of credits, it was nice that they included everyone, from the stand-ins, to the drivers, to the trainees--even a contact lens specialist!  Director Cary Fukinaga should be proud.  He accomplished the seeming impossible.  This has become my favorite movie.
0385344325|4.0|I was turned off by some of Child's latest books. They were either political or seemed like he did not do due diligence in the plot creation. He was to quick to take simpler timelines and run with them, or said differently, he wanted to cash the check and overlooked the storyline.  This one is different. The plot, and timeline were nicely done, nicely integrated with the character and some of the other books. There were some gaps, but you can't have it all.  My favorite of the series is the Persuader, and this one does not approach it, but is is worth read. My only major comment is that Child needs to get on a spring/summer timeline for publishing as the last few all seem to be in the fall.
B005974CNA|5.0|As much as I love Mike Portnoy, the band has done an outstanding job in finding a suitable replacement for him.  This cd is nothing short of what I have come to expect from the band after all these years.  I wish Mike Portnoy was still with them, but Mike Mangini is a solid fit.
B001NFNFF8|1.0|[[ASIN:B001NFNFF8 In the Electric Mist [Blu-ray]]]  The promised disc has not arrived, so I cannot say anything about it.  Thanks for the opportunity.
B004D9FLJE|5.0|Glee is such a fun series. I bought this for my 14 year old, but really, it's for all of us.
1455510319|3.0|If not written by one of my favorite cop/legal author, Michael Connelly, I might have closed the book in the first few chapters. It does pick-up although the tedious courtroom question was hard on the whole for me to muck through. This is the 4th in a series of Connelly's Mickey Haller, defense attorney and, if Connelly doesn't get it any better, might be my last read of cocky Mickey. The subject matter though is very timely, the heist by greedy and lying SOB's of foreclosed homes. That is a A+ on theme, the plot does thicken, but to tell the truth, and maybe I've read too many \\"who dun it\\" - I had it mostly figured out. A banker is killed - too bad, huh? - after starting closing procedures on a home owned by a young single mother, Lisa Trammer. Do I like her? Not really. She's a bit of a loose cannon, but since Mickey is already handling her foreclosure, it only makes sense when she is arrested for the murder, he come to rescue - or not. It really doesn't look good for her or Haller. I finished the book while on a \\"writing retreat\\" and between completing my next novel. It's easy enough reading and come on, Michael Connelly is a master writer.<br />Look forward to his next Bosch book.
1585427683|5.0|EVERYONE who can read should read this book. When you realize the ultimate power of your every thought you begin to think differently. I wish I had stumbled upon this book as I was studying to become a hypnotherapist. It certainly would have enhanced my practice.
B00006IM9Q|4.0|I was a bit disappointed because I assumed Blondie had more \\"Hits\\".  I would still but this CD because the Hits she did have were awesome and I am happy with my purchase.
0061673730|4.0|I've read this book 3 times. First time was a abridged audio book, I loved it. Years later I read a paperback book. I liked it. Today I finished a unabridged Audio book and I loved it once again. This is a book I'll go back to over and over. Each time I've gotten something new out of it, and next time I'll get something new again. This book for me isn't just a philosophy book, it's also a self-help book. Many days I think I must be crazy, I see things so differently than others. This book reminds me why that's not a bad thing.
B002I0J5FG|5.0|I was a huge fan of Shadow of the Colossus on PS2.  Probably my favorite game of all time next to Ocarina of Time.  It looks so much better then it did on PS2, but still plays just as great.  I never got to play ICO because it was expensive and hard to find.  Now that I've gotten to play it on PS3, I'm enjoying it immensely.  It's a shame I had to wait so long...It's still better then most games being released today.  If you're an open minded gamer, you should truly appreciate these wonderful games.  If you're a Call of Duty/FPS junkie, you probably won't like them.  Then again, a COD junkie doesn't really like anything.
B0029LHX1W|5.0|The fear and paranoia produced by the Soviet police state during Stalin is masterfully portrayed in this awesome thriller. It is actually painful to read. At the same time the story is intense, and quite good, and the humanity interspersed drives the reader ever faster foreward,  at least this reader. I bought Tom Rob Smiths next book in the series the second I finished this book. But I am waiting, iI need a short respite before jumping this intense experience again.
B005NXD6PA|4.0|Who or what is Lana Del Rey? Does this sultry and coquettish singer represent the resurgence of old style Hollywood allure, a sort of Lauren Bacall for the Twitter generation ready made to soundtrack David Lynch films? Alternatively is this just pure Valleys of the Dolls pastiche, all cosmetically enhanced plastic lips and big wigs with the hint of some scheming pop Svengali in the background and representing little more in musical terms than \\"Barbie Duffy\\". We know that before Lana Del Rey had the make over there was just plain old Lizzy Grant of Lake Placid, New York. We also know that \\"Video Games\\" and its ubiquitous video full of Eisenhower era American imagery has been viewed by millions and has generated so much noise on the internet that it has been almost deafening. Everyone has an opinion on Ms Del Ray and the record executives at Stranger Records must think Christmas has come early.<br /><br />But what about the music on this extended EP? Well the one non Video Games song on this EP namely \\"Blue Jeans\\" is frankly little more than \\"Chris Issak Lite\\" and based so obviously on the \\"Wicked games\\" template that its almost a cover. We then have 3 versions of \\"Video Games\\". You could of course not stop there and access one of the many other remixes across the internet employing a variety of style and in the case of \\"Club Clique for the bad girls\\" a disco dance mix. The nine minute plus Mr Fingers mix on this EP is in the same orbit and while it might sound great watching the sun crashing into the Mediterranean from a blissed out Isle of Ibiza it goes on far too long. Equally the Omid 16B remix is one of those where the producer has not quite managed to integrate the vocals into a heavy dub style mix and is completely disposable. Thus we are left with the main course the original \\"Video Games\\" and sadly for Lana Del Ray she will never record a song again that matches this in terms of impact or melody. By the time her album comes out we will be either be bored senseless of her or she will be so mainstream that shoppers will drop her into the supermarket basket by the bucket load. And yet \\"Video games\\" represents the best mainstream ballad recorded in 2011 and sits in that rare line of songs which absolutely arrive at the right time and define the Zeitgeist. In the same way that Sinead O'Connor's cover of Prince's \\"Nothing compares to u\\" exploded on release with a tearful video to match, so to does Lana Dey Rays \\"Video Games\\" touch a cultural nerve with its pouty glamour and seemingly perfect fit for recession hit times. In the last analysis and in the best traditions of pop music it is completely disposable and time limited but utterly brilliant all the same.her or she will be so mainstream that shoppers will drop her into the supermarket basket by the bucket load. And yet \\"Video games\\" represents the best mainstream ballad recorded in 2011 and sits in that rare line of songs which absolutely arrive at the right time and define the Zeitgeist. In the same way that Sinead O'Connor's cover of Prince's \\"Nothing compares to u\\" exploded on release with a tearful video to match, so to does Lana Dey Rays \\"Video Games\\" touch a cultural nerve with its pouty glamour and seemingly perfect fit for recession hit times. In the last analysis and in the best traditions of pop music it is completely disposable and time limited but utterly brilliant all the same.
0091940737|4.0|I picked up this book when I was last in the UK. I was watching her on a BBC talkshow (think it was Newsnight) and really liked what she had to say.  I immediately picked up the book at Waterstone's fearing I would not be able get it when I returned home to New York. I am glad I did. It has been my commuting companion for some time now.   As I am swiftly approaching the concluding chapters, there is that sense of dread which watches over someone when they do not want something to end. Her opinions and anecdotes are well laid out and quite humorous. They will really leave you scratching your head, questioning so many aspects of our own lives and what they do/don't say about our own femininity.   The main takeaway I have from the book is that it is important to be aware of the world around us and its influences, but try your best to just be who you are and not confined by how others are telling you is the proper way to behave.  It is an insightful read for both men and women.
1439192812|5.0|This book is excellent and the iPad version is flat out COOL. I've read many remarks in the comments regarding the book being written for older children and being limited; let's please not forget that 40-60 percent of the United States not only rejects evolution, but doesn't possess the faintest idea of how evolution works. If you have a religious friend that might be curious about science, secular thinking, and even basic reality, or a religious friend that simply can't comprehend how you accept evolution or reject gods and reject myths; then this book might just be the perfect introduction for them.<br /><br />As an ex-religious, quite content atheist parent, this book is an invaluable tool for my children (to understand the world in which we live) and my religious family that struggles with my secular status. As a layperson, I'm not the most qualified candidate to give a dissertation on natural selection, DNA, and breaking down myth versus reality to an audience that is fully entrenched in particular myths. For me, The Magic Of Reality is a true gift.<br /><br />Thank you once again, Professor Dawkins.
B004RKXHZY|5.0|One of the best YA romances I've read! Really likable characters too! Found myself laughing out loud at several points.
B005JLNALG|4.0|I am one of the apparently few Pain of Salvation fans who thinks Road Salt One is one of their greatest albums.  In my mind, only Remedy Lane is better.  Fans of progressive metal generally don't like their music to be progressive, so they were understandably disappointed when they were delivered an album that is truly progressive, and not metal.  I was overjoyed, and when Road Salt Two came out, I was eager, but apprehensive.  After a few listens, it is clear to me that this one is truly a mixed bag.  There are a couple of tracks that really fall flat for me (\\"Softly She Cries\\" and \\"Eleven\\" come to mind).  But there are a few tracks that are simply superb, and that makes this album worth having.  The most remarkable, for me, is \\"Healing Now,\\" which features a rarity in the Pain of Salvation catalog: a prominent mandolin part.  This gives the song a soft, folksy feel that blends perfectly with the tone of the vocal part.  \\"To The Shoreline,\\" \\"The Deeper Cut,\\" and \\"The Physics of Gridlock\\" are the other superb cuts.  RS2 is less coherent than RS1, and it feels a little more like a collection of songs.  It's as if Gildenlow didn't really have as clear a vision for the sequel.  Maybe that means it's time for him to move on to his next experiment.  Hopefully it involves more mandolin.
B005974CNA|4.0|Thank you Dream Theater for finally putting out material that is worthwhile!  The new drummer did a fantastic job however I do wish that the drums were more on the fore front.  James did a great job on the  vocals and it seems that the guys were finally playing music that wasn't forced.  I don't miss Mike Portnoy at all, and I'm glad to see John Myng back as well.  The song writing is top notch, the muscianship is top notch, and I truly feel that this album has some of their best work in a while.  Beneath the surface is one of the best ballads since Disappear!!!!  I wish I could find more words that describe this album, but all I can say is go and get it!  You will not be disappointed!!!!
B005974CDU|5.0|Like many DT fans - when I heard Portnoy was leaving I thought the band would lose its spark. Was I ever wrong. Instead there's an intensity and urgency to this new music that had me locked in on the first listen. The new drummer does everything he needs to back up the thunder and lyricism of this band. They still have the cool crazy time signatures of old, but without Portnoy's bombastic fills and flourishes. And somehow it just works to have a solid drummer who can play this music well without overshadowing it. The instrumental breaks are everywhere on this album and they sound better than ever. This is my favorite DT album in a long time. Portnoy's exit was good for everyone - he's having a great time in TransAtlantic, and DT has shaken off some dust and acts like they have something to prove without him. It sounds like they are having fun again, and when that happens only greatness can result.
1400049628|4.0|This book is exactly what the title says it is, it's a Survival Guide. Reading this book is NOT like reading a novel, it doesn't tell a story, it tells you how to survive a zombie outbreak. The Zombie Survival Guide explains how to chose weapons, what tools you'll need, and what actions you need to take.  Max Brooks does such a good job, that after reading the survival guide, I find myself being more prepared for the coming zombie outbreak than I am for any other possible \\"natural\\" disaster. Max explains everything (that's known) about the virus that turns people into zombies.  The last part of the survival guide gives accounts and \\"proof\\" of previous outbreaks that have occurred thorough out human history. The \\"proof\\" is laid out chronologically and offers artifacts, stories, and eyewitness accounts (several with the disclaimer that government officials deny that any zombies were involved).  The brilliance behind Max Brooks book The Zombie Survival Guide is that he did it the way all survival guides are done and he did it convincingly. The knowledge it contains is what will keep you alive and without it your chances of survival plummets.  BE PREPARED!
B000FC1AGG|4.0|I like reading first person accounts that are so simple and straight forward in their storytelling. You feel more connected to the character. I read it in one sitting and loved it. My only gripe was that Jack was not described very well. There was so much description about Connor and other characters but not so much about Jack, his age etc. Maybe it wasn't supposed to matter and that was the point.
B00004WIDQ|5.0|It was what, I asked for. And, I did get it way before the order said. And, Works great. Thank you.
B005KAH7QU|2.0|Horrible movie.  The plot is choppy and does not really seem to have a flow.  Poorly written script.  Had to force myself to sit through the rental.
B00004WIDR|5.0|It was what, I asked for. And, I did get it way before the order said. And, Works great. Thank you.
B003Y5H57O|3.0|When it comes to remakes, sequels, or prequels, doing anything involving classic films is a very risky business, even more so when dealing with one of the most beloved films of horror cinema.  Any filmmaker involved in the process can only do their best, and hope that fans won't tear them apart upon releasing a companion piece to their treasured masterpiece.  The best they can probably hope for is to at least make an entertaining movie that can at least compliment what has come before, and in that aspect, \\"The Thing\\" manages to succeed.  Taking place three days before the beginning of John Carpenter's 1982 film of the same name, \\"The Thing,\\" follows a group of Norwegian explorers and scientists in Antarctica, who have found a spaceship buried under the ice, as well as what appears to be an alien life-form.  But their joy and excitement quickly turn to fear when the alien escapes, and is revealed not only to be incredibly bloodthirsty, but also capable of copying and mimicking any life-form it comes across...including people.  From the very beginning, \\"The Thing\\" has the unenviable task of standing in Carpenter's shadow, and despite it's best efforts, it comes off as something imitating the original while trying to be it's own thing: with a breakneck pace (thus having very little time for character development), heavier emphasis on deaths and gruesome body transformations, \\"The Thing\\" feels like an action film, rather then a horror film, and isn't particularly scary.  The fact that it relies very heavily on obvious CGI to bring it's monster to life, rather then practical effects, also hurts as well, because after seeing the astonishing puppet and make-up effects in the original, having pixels running about on the screen doesn't have the same impact.   Yet, despite the differences in tone, the use of CGI over practical effects, and the lack of scares, amazingly, \\"The Thing\\" really isn't that bad.  It's fast pace means there's no time to be bored with what's going on,the action is constant and interesting to watch, and even though almost all of it is CGI, the sheer amount of body parts, teeth, claws, and tentacles waving about on screen is compelling enough to follow, and the ending, while having some continuity problems in terms of character appearances, does tie into the original very well.  Overall, \\"The Thing\\" has the unique distinction of being an unnecessary addition to the \\"Thing\\" franchise, yet is entertaining in it's own right.  Unlike other series where some installments can cheapen or spoil an entire franchise, \\"The Thing\\" is a brisk entry that, while not as grand as the original, is still a fun watch.
B001AEF6C2|5.0|It was what, I asked for. And, I did get it way before the order said. And, Works great. Thank you.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|Not much can be said about Star Wars than has already been said.  This blu-ray release brings together all six feature films with a host of special features, some of which provide some fascinating insight into the behind the scenes world of Star Wars.  The picture quality is excellent, and the sound is big and powerful.  I have only two complaints.  First: the navigation menus in the special features leave much to be desired.  On my blu-ray player they are clunky and slow... and I have a pretty new and high-quality player.  Second: I want copies of the original theatrical releases on blu-ray.  I know that last one is not likely to be met during Lucas' lifetime... but doesn't stop me from hoping.  Overall, this is an excellent set for any Star Wars fan's collection.
B004WCTLNY|3.0|Loosely based on a P. K. Dick story, \\"The Adjustment Bureau\\" has one good thing in it ... actually two: Matt Damon and Emily Blunt. The sci-fi romance greatly benefits from the palpable chemistry between the believable characters they play, a Congressman David Norris by Damon and a ballet dancer Elise Sellas by Blunt. Without the capable stars, \\"The Adjustment Bureau,\\" though it has some interesting ideas, might have been just another lukewarm thriller.  \\"The Adjustment Bureau\\" is a romance with a sci-fi twist, in which Damon's David meets Blunt's Elise after his unsuccessful run for Senator. They are meant for each other and that's what they (and we) think. Things turned out differently when \\"The Adjustment Bureau\\" steps in, with their own agenda to follow.  It is obvious that the film is trying to raise questions about free will and fate, but honestly I could not take the slickly told but not-so-convincing story very seriously. If these guys working for the Bureau are entrusted with such powers as shown in one office scene, why not use them to get the results they want? And why those hats and doors? Those guys are apparently governed by a certain set of rules, rules that we do not really know.   Writer/first-time director George Nolfi keeps the story going. The story is sometimes told at a fast pace. The climactic \\"chase\\" sequence is one good example. \\"The Adjustment Bureau\\" is entertaining and often compelling, not because of the theme it deals with, but because of the two leads' star power as well as nice pace and editing.
B004EPZ07K|1.0|I.  Saw.  This. movie in Theathers Back in July. It Was. Disgusting. & So Gross. this is 1 of Lucifer Satan's. Film's. He Control's The Earth The Wicked System of Things. Current Ruler. & God & I. Know. the Devil Was Once 1 of God's. angel's But Was. jelious & Rebelious He Wanted Too Be Like God & Turned into Devil cause of Wrong Despire & This Movie is. about a Creature That Suck's Fear's & Soul's. & That is. What is. Wrong With This Movie & I am. 1 of Jehovah's Wittness'es Unbaptized I have Been in The Truth For 24 Year's & I am. gonna Go Back Too School Too Get My G.E.D. HIgh School Dialoma & Associate's & Bachelor's Degree in Crimnal Jusice Too Be a. CSI: Crime Scene Investigator & a Degree in Engineering Envoirmental Service's &. my. Defense is. Reasoning From The Scripture's Spiritsem Definition: Belift that a part of humans survives death of physical body and can communicate with a living, usually through a person who serves as a medium. Some people believe that every material object and all natural phenomena have indwelling spirits. Sorceryis of power that is acknowl-edged to be from evil spirits. All forms of spiriritsem are strongly condemned in the bible. & The Bible in Eccl 9.5 6 10: Clearly State That The Dead Our Conscious of Nothing at All & There Jelously & Hate & Love Dies With The Living as Well if Someone Kills Them or if They Die of Cancer or Something Else & I. am.  not Gonna. buy This Devil's Movie Green Lantern & It. Should Have Been Retitled Green Lantern The Spiritsem Slayer & Not Just Titled as Green Lantern & This Movie Deserved a MA-17 or Rated. & Not PG-13 & The Devil & Demon's & Angel's Get into The Hollywood Director's Head's. too Change There Mind's & The Ratings & I. Will Be More Carefulon Movies I. See & This Movie Made Me Wanna Throw Up. since I Was on My Weight Loss Tour 3 & It Was Great & I was Able Too Keep The Weight Off & I. Would Not Reccomend This Movie Too Kid's or 13 Year Old's. Or Any Age Just Stay. Away From This Crap. &This Movie Stinks& Suck's.
0446585025|3.0|As most of you reading this, you probably expected something, \\"laugh out loud\\" funny like her other books. I did not have that experience at all. I just didn't get it. As a fan of Ellen and her show, there was nothing in this book that we didn't already know about her, I am not saying it was suppose to be an autobiograpy but am saying that she has already expressed all her feelings about everything in the book on her show. I gave it the benefit of the doubt and kept reading on as the chapters always started out like she was going somewhere but they all ended up making me think she was trying too hard to be funny. I think this book was written very quick and there was no thought put into it. If it were her first book and she was an \\"unknown\\" person, she would never get a second chance.
B005IF5H2S|5.0|lady Antebellum Rocks & I Like All of These Songs. there Awesome & The Top Best Songs From This Album Our Just a Kiss & We Owned The Night & Dancing Away With My Heart & The Entire is Fun Too Hear & Listen Too I. Have it on My RCA MP3 Player & I. Have All 3 of Lady Antebellum's CD's & I. Like All 3 of Them & So Far They. haven't Made a Album That. Doesn't Disappoint Me & Same With These Artits Luke Bryan & Reba Mcentire & Michael Bubl'e & Rascal Flatts. & Lady Antebellum I Want Too See Them Live in Concert & There. 1 of My Favorite Band's Out There I. Hope They Stay Together as a Band I. Would Hate Too GHear They Went Solo Like Nick Lachey & Jeff Timmons From 98 Degrees & When They Did That Sucked at it & So Did The Backstreet Boys When They Did That & Now There Back Unfouruntaly & I am Not a fan They Should be Called The Backstreet Men & Not Boys Anymore & Lady Antebellum Rocks There Awesome.
030746363X|3.0|The 4 Hour body is just like other fad diet books.  Got some interesting facts but over all when you break it down it is just another diet book.  Do this and you'll look great!  Bottom line it's still the same old thing.
B001FB4W0C|5.0|Supernatural Season 4 is My Favorite Season & I. Like The Fact That They Finaly Brought Out The Aangel's on This Show & This Was a Great Season Better Then The First 3 Seasons & I Don't Like. Or Appreciate The Remark of Jehovah's Wittness'es I am 1 of Them & We Believe in Demon's & Angel's & Holy Angel's & Evil & Good as Well & Wer'e Those 1's That Our Saving People From Babylon The Great The Empire of False Regilon & By. Studing With US. You're Learning New Things & Wer'e Impowered By Angel's & God. & That is How We Our Bible Too Preach Around The World & World-Wide & Supernatural is a Great TV Series & I. can Relate I. Have Unfourunatly a Mid-Evil Who Was X-Spelled From My Regilon in 1997 & Lives With a. Spiritsem Believer & I. Don't Associate With This Family of 4 & I. Don't Believe in Spiritsem & God Forbids: & That Aunt is a Axed Out Very X-Jehovah's Wittness The Spiritsem Human God She Lives With a. man who  Made Her Have a 2nd Child & He Destoryed Her Bible & Books. Burned Them & Trashed Them So She Won't Ever Come To Know God Anymore & She is Studing at Age 46 To Be a Police Officer & I. Feel Soory For the 12 Year Old Victim She Can't Stand Her Dad on How Much He Believe's in That Spiritsem Thing & In My Regilon They Offer Spirits of The Dead on CD-Row & DVD & I. Ordered Both So I Can Try Too Help & Rescue Her From This Mid-Evil Man & Once I Defeat Him With This. & The Magazine's I Can Say. Farewell Lucifer Satan The Spiritsem Believer Your Defeated & You Failed & Lost & as. Of Now He Currently Has Her Under a Very-Deep Dark Spell Impossible Too Break & it is Like He Really is The Spiritsem Human God Mid-Evil  King.
B000FP2OPY|5.0|I. Own. This Season on DVD & Season 2 3 4 5 & This is a. Great Too Watch on TV or DVD I. Watch it in HDMI 1080 & When I. Watch This. I. Keep My. 2 Bible's Open & My Reasoning From The Scripture's Book Open & It is. because When You. watch Stuff Like This Your inviting Demon's & Spirit's into Your Home & I. Always Pray Too Keep Them Away & I am. 1 of Jehovah's Wittness'es Unbaptized I Watch This Show & 2 of My Other Friends & Lucifer Satan is Current Ruler of Earth & God of This Wicked System of Thing's & I am. the Only 1 of My Kind That. Can Actully Stand Too Watch This Hit TV Series That Has 2.9 Million Fans in The United States & My Other Friend's I Have in My Regilon Can't Stand Too Watch This Show it isWay Too Scary For Them & I Have a. Supernatural Encounter Once I. Wiittnessed a Mid-Evil Spirit With My 20/20 Vision I Saw 1of The Devil's Demonic Force's Power's 1 of His Angel's it Was Because it Was at Mexico Where We Had Some Nione-Believer's of My Regilon & They Had Alot of Idol's it Was Also Because My Parent's Our Baptized Within My Regilon & I have Been in The Truth For 24 Years Unbaptized & I Always Go Too My Relious Service's & I. Believe in God & Angel's & Holy Angel's & Demon's & I. Know About Babylon The Great The Empire of False Regilon & Babylon is a World Power That Was Defeated Many Time's & I am Going back Too School Too Get My G.E.D. high School Dialoma & Associate's & Bachelor's Degree Too Be a CSI:Crime Scene investigator & I am a. Huge. fan of This Show.
B003L77G38|5.0|An excellent series. Igual les dio miedo el narco. the Bluray the shots of the scenes. About the story is really engaging and it will be difficult just to watch one chapter.
B003NTMREM|1.0|Leave it to Jack to assemble a team composed entirely of incompetent, whiny little bitches. And then hardly be in his own show. I sat through almost the entire first season, really wanting to like it because I love Doctor Who. But this is not Doctor Who. It is an awful show that gets worse as it goes along. Never have I seen so much hormone-driven high school drama crap in a sci-fi show. I would rather watch Stargate Universe.
B004QZ9PLU|3.0|First of all, I enjoy Nicholas Sparks' works for what they are: well written, yet easy reads. Romances with strong characters you can \\"connect with\\" while reading, set against a wonderfully described North Carolina landscape. I think he does this very well in all of his books, you basically know what you're getting when you sit down to read something new by him. This is the expectation that I had when I started reading.   Based on the summary of the book, the central idea wasn't new, I but I expected Sparks to add some interesting, \\"non-cliche\\" elements to the long-lost first love theme. I don't really feel like that ever happened in this book. The characters are likable enough, but very predictable. Which, to me, was the essence of this entire book. For most of this story, I felt as if I were reading the part of The Notebook when Allie goes to see Noah after finding out that he finished renovating the house, complete with the disapproving mother, but lacking the excitement and passion of Allie and Noah. I thought that the situation with Dawson's family didn't create nearly enough suspense, was predictable from the start. I thought Amanda and Dawson were decent enough characters, but they weren't ones that created any really strong feelings one way or the other, which made their \\"romance\\" kind of lackluster. There was a little surprise twist in the end, but again, as soon as that \\"event\\" occurred, the end result became very predictable as well. The ending was reminiscent of the ending of At First Sight to me--not as shocking as the end of that book, but I feel that sometimes Sparks gets so caught up in trying to NOT be predictable, that he ruins the story purely to shock the reader out of a sense of complacency.    Overall, I was disappointed in this book. I did not think it was as well written as what Nicholas Sparks usually puts out, nor did I connect with the characters like I have in his past works. I still enjoyed the book, but would definitely put it toward the bottom if I were ranking it among the rest of his works. Which is too bad, because I thought Safe Haven was one of his best, and this was a let down after waiting since that one.
0143039504|5.0|The book was listed as \\"Used- good\\" but was in perfect condition. Also arrived a day before expected. Great service, will use again.
B0056BU3I2|4.0|Great addition to the Fast and Furious movies. Bringing The Rock into the series was a great move and I can't wait to see him in another sequel. Awesome action and good story.
B001GWK2MC|1.0|I discounted the reviews that said that this didn't hold air.  I assumed they must have used it outside or had kids that were to big in it.  For the price I was willing to take the gamble.  Learn from my mistake, don't do it.  Keep your forty bucks and save up for something that will actually last.  It's not that fun anyway since it isn't really bouncy or anything.
0062011847|5.0|There are few books that when, after reading the last word, I sigh and think, that was wonderful. Most of these were written by Sir Terry Pratchett. In his latest offering from the Discword, Vimes is on involuntary holiday in the country. But of course Vimes is never truly on holiday. He is a \\"copper\\" down to his boots and back up again and he carries the law with him wherever he goes, which can prove inconvenient to those there who may have thought they were above it. Like most of Pratchett's novels, Snuff deals with some weighty subjects including smuggling, drug abuse, slavery, bigotry, class conflict, and the difference between what is legal and what is right. And also typical of Pratchett's books, it does so with a lighthearted tone that has the reader smiling with every turn of a page. I find this combination of insight and humor extremely appealing and no one does it better than Pratchett. I highly recommend this book.
B000CNFC76|4.0|This was a great movie. I purchased it because my brother, who loved golf, suggested it. He watched it many, many time and said he never got tired of watching it. If you like golf, you will like this movie.
B005COO1X6|5.0|I really liked this story. I know some are criticizing this one's length, but its packed with action and bizarre humor. I really enjoyed the beginning, and could instantly connect with bored kids getting into trouble on a day off. If you're looking for a quick trip, this is a fun read.
B0038M2AZA|5.0|Temple Grandin is an inspiration to everyone. She struggled with autism all her life, and with her mother's and family's support, she has been a very successful individual. She has contributed to all who has been fortunate to know her.   I would suggest anyone watch this movie. It changes attitudes regarding autism.  Congratulations, Temple Grandin. You are amazing!
B000E6EGXM|5.0|Benjamin Britten's War Requiem is English church music with a twist. When in 1961 he was commissioned to write music for the rededication of the rebuilt Coventry Cathedral, he conceived the unique idea of combining war poems of Wilfred Owen with the Latin Mass for the Dead. Both Owen (who was killed in action in the last week of World War I) and Britten were pacifists trying to make a statement. The interspersed texts work so well together, and the music and singing are so effective, as to make the work a heart-felt, powerful statement against the horridness of war, and a call to Christian pity, love and peace.<br /><br />The composition calls for tenor and baritone singing the war poems, with chamber orchestra; soprano and chorus singing the liturgical parts, with full orchestra; and a boys' choir and organ, so placed as to sound far away and ethereal. The score itself is twentieth century music, original, moving and dramatic.<br /><br />This re-issue of the opus includes 50 minutes of rehearsals, recorded without Britten's knowledge. Fascinating in themselves, these tracks more significantly tell us what the composer-conductor wanted to accomplish as he directed the performers. As Donald Mitchell has it in the enclosed booklet, Britten's intent - one \\"fundamental to the original concept and interpretation of the work\\" - was to \\"shock audiences out of a passive acceptance of the annihilation of war.\\" Britten urges, \\"Lots of words - think what they mean.\\" In the Dies Irae he asks the chorus to sound terrified; in the Sanctus he demands a confused sound - \\"Make it sound like a crowd coming at you.\\" He wants the boys' choir to sing more ethereally - \\"Imagine yourselves in heaven, a long way away from here.\\"<br /><br />Tenor Peter Pears and baritone Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau sing the parts of soldiers on opposite sides of the war. In their careers, both earned high praise for proficient performances, and no more needs to be said here. Of the three soloists, the one whocaught my attention most was soprano Galina Vishnevskaya. When I first heard her singing 'Liber scriptus proferetur' (part of the Dies Irae), her piercing voice gave me a slight jolt, unexpected as it was. But soon I realized that her intensity reflected the meaning of the words: she was singing of the judgment of the world, when \\"nothing will remain unavenged.\\" It certainly fitted Britten's purpose. In the rehearsals we hear him repeatedly saying, \\"It's terrific, it's marvelous.\\" At another point he says, \\"I'm moved by her singing.\\" He addresses one of her concerns by telling her, \\"But you can do it, most sopranos can't.\\" In fact, he had written the soprano parts specially for her, knowing beforehand the range and quality of her voice. In the 'Lacrimosa' her singing is indeed so beautiful it pierces to the heart.<br /><br />There are several versions of Britten's War Requiem to choose from, but there is little reason not to go for this one. It is authoritatively interpreted by the composer himself, performed by first class musicians and singers, and reproduced in good stereo sound; add to all that the important rehearsal tracks. A work of substance, I have no hesitation giving it the highest recommendation.
B005974CNA|5.0|Got this CD just in time to listen to it a few times before going to see Dream Theater live in Detroit!  Love the new CD, Mike Mangini fits in as a drummer as if he has always been there (although I miss Mike Portnoy something fierce).  This CD is everything Dream Theater has always been.  AWESOME!!
0385738773|3.0|[POSSIBLE SPOILERS]<br />The first half of the book wasn't too bad, but after a while it really disappointed me. There wasn't that much character development betweenNewt and Teresa (Thomas hated Teresa for most of the book, and I never felt that strong of a bond between Thomas and Newt. It was rushed). The ending wasn't all too great; way too many loose ends. It's a decent series, but I definitely expected more.
B0029LHW4U|5.0|I have always loved Alice in Chains!  Even though this CD is minus Lane, it is still representative of what Alice in Chains is all about.  Great music!  One of my favorites CDs in my collection of great music!!!
B005KCGIUY|5.0|Hilarious. Awesome. Eargasmic.<br /><br />Seriously. This is Maynard at his best, do NOT hesitate to buy. Awesome tracks like the title \\"Conditions of My Parole\\" followed by extremely Tool-ish sounding songs like \\"Toma\\". There is nothing on this album that isn't 100% pure awesome.<br /><br />I cannot recommend this more.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|The family loves it! Looks great on blue ray! This a perfect series to share with your family. 9 cds!
B005FITIDC|5.0|I've read the book and seen the movie.  The book will keep you awake at night and the movie will leave you breathless.  It's one thing to read the words because you have to rely on your imagination to form the images from the author's words.  Seeing those words accurately portrayed on the screen is incredible.    This is, bar none, Gerard Butler's crowning performance.  Sam Childers pulled no punches about himself in the book and Butler truly brought the man to life on the screen.  He isn't just an actor playing a part; in this movie it's almost as if he *becomes* Childers.  The scene where he returns to retrieve the children he had to leave behind is, IMO, mindblowing.  The scene in which he confronts and overcomes his crisis of faith is moving in the extreme.  I won't minimize:  This story, in the book and on the screen, is horribly disturbing, and I can't stress that enough.  However, it is incredibly powerful, thought-provoking, complex and heart-rending.  Once you've seen this movie, you definitely won't forget it.  Honestly, I'd give it ten stars without hesitation...
B00062RCBW|5.0|The item arrived faster than I expected and it was in very good condition. I played several of the DVDs and I am pleased with the quality and sound. It takes me back to my childhood when I used to watch the series on TV. I am glad that I bought this set instead of the other complete series (the one in the green box). Read too many bad reviews about it. Thanks for the great service!
0670022411|3.0|A DISCOVERY OF WITCHES is not the best book I have ever read, but it's not the worst either.  The marital acceptance and equality message came off as preachy, the storyline was meandering, and the overall book has a little too much of a Twilight vibe to be considered an original entry into the paranormal romance genre.  However, if approximately 250 pages of dry, overdone descriptions of academics, yoga, food, and wine had been cut, this first book could have been fairly decent.  Before you get to the story, the reader must sift through a lot of information that reads entirely too similar to the author's bio.  Everything is here for the making of a good story; magic and alchemy, history and ancient manuscripts, secret organizations, and a plot with interesting characters that have plenty of room to grow and evolve.  The voice and tone of the first half of the book is as different as night and day to the second half.  The first half is boring, stogy, reading like an academic text book while the second half seems to flow with more showing instead of the continual narration found in the first half.  Characters were not excluded from this tonal change either.  In the beginning half, I laughed every time American Diane looked for or used her \\"mobile\\".  Her dialogue seemed to be stilted and twisted to make her sound more academic or English.  The use of the word \\"mobile\\" was never heard again and quickly became \\"phone\\" once she crossed back over the pond.  The dehumanizing of Matthew was bothersome as well.  One paragraph would refer to him as \\"Matthew\\" while the next would refer to him as \\"the vampire\\".    I enjoyed the plot elements of ancient manuscripts, the Templar's, the mythical Knights of Lazarus, and even the mtDNA element of the story was an entertaining new twist.  Hopefully the follow up book will do more showing instead of telling, the endless, boring descriptions will be reduced or removed, and the storyline will carry the message instead of having it repeated every other chapter.  With these changes, I might have possibly seen my way to shelling out money for the sequel if it was Mass Market Paperback but in no way will invest at the hardcover or Kindle price.
0553386794|5.0|well, first of all i am not a fantasy buff; i have read a few works but I was introduced to this by an off-hand remark in a financial newsletter, believe it or not.  I read 2-3 books at a time, and was looking for some new engrossing fiction, so I bought Game of Thrones.<br />I'd just come off listening to a 3 volume audio CD work from the Teaching Company on the Middle Ages by a William and Mary prof named Daileader, and it was remarkable.  There wasn't a second in the series where I wasn't attentive.  So it was ironic that I stumbled onto this, which essentially puts clothes on the historical framework of that era.  Face it, even if we are a historian, we never get more than a few points of view of events or time.  What GRRM has done is fictionalize this history, and he is remarkably accomplished at it. The book is gripping, and is beyond criticism, frankly.  Those who criticize it need to move on.  Either you like it or you don't.  You may not enjoy the style, the frankness, the intrigue, the gore and that is fine.  BUt it is your issue, not the quality of the book.  Just buy it yourself and decide for yourself.<br />Next, there's no need to compare this.  It is a monumental work, but comparing it to LOTR is vacuous.  LOTR set the standard and in a sense is a whole different type of work.  It is slightly derivative of LOTR although not just a plagiarized re working of LOTR like Harry Potter (which I also enjoyed).  Tolkien created an entire world, language, culture, bestiary.  GRRM rather puts the type of human events that we all know - greed, fear, cunning, betrayal, love, lust, hatred, revenge, famine - into the skeletal framework of history.  ANd it is no mean feat, believe me. The scope of what he does is almost superhuman.  How he creates personalities, names, events, and keeps them straight is a remarkable accomplishment.  Yes, as some have said if you are sensitive you may not want to read this; the rape scenes, the death scenes, torture scenes - are graphic (how the hell did he figure out so many different ways to kill people?). So avoid the temptation to nickname yourself after a character but for sheer amazement and enjoyment pick up this series and decide for yourself.the hell did he figure out so many different ways to kill people?). So avoid the temptation to nickname yourself after a character but for sheer amazement and enjoyment pick up this series and decide for yourself.
0307887960|5.0|This book is very clear, easy to follow, and a great effective diet. The quality of the book sent to me was great so I'd definitely order from this person again.
B004UID2LC|1.0|The ads worked fine. They cycle automatically without any user input.   Could not get anything else to work.   De-installed it when it caused my Evo 3D to crash hard (rebooted itself and generated an error report for HTC to review)  Good luck!
B002G1YPH0|5.0|Just finished building a new pc, 1st time from scratch. I purchased a core i5 2400, which was idling at 55C Bios, mid-high 40sC in Windows with stock cooler. I don't think the stock cooler is bad (when not overclocked), but it is hard to properly seat using the push-pin style mounting system. The stock cooler is also silent, but it needs to sitting 100% flat against the cpu to be effective, and I had a hard time (looked like the MB wasn't even) so i don't think i got the most out of it.<br /><br />I decided to give the Hyper 212+ a try since it wasn't expensive and with very good reviews. The thing is big so I have little clearance in my Fractal Design Arc mini case, but not really a problem with my build, you have to check your dimensions first. Installation wasn't bad, a little tricky, but not bad.<br /><br />The fan is not the quietest, but since i am not overclocking, it runs quiet in my particular build with cpu power savings on and smart control fan enabled. Since I am using a mATX board, the ram slot is too close to the cooler, hence I cannot place the attached fan to cover 100% of the height of the heatsink. I truly believe this is hindering its efficiency. I may try to place my ram in slots 2 & 4 instead of 1 and 3. It seems to have an updated fan. It doesn't use clips to attach to the heatsink, instead, it uses some plastic brackets that slide the fan securely into the heatsink, I liked this better than the clips, no vibration.<br /><br />I mixed it with MX-2 thermal paste (did not use/try the stock paste)and got better temperatures. Now, I am idling at high 20s - low 30s and temps don't go over 50C using intel burn test on high and when playing Witcher 2 on high. Again, no overclock. A word of caution, google how to apply thermal paste on direct contact cooler like this, uses a different method. Also, less paste is better, so research this thoroughly like i did. I am happy with my temps. Some people say they get lower temps, but this is fine for me. My system is fast and quiet (6 fans running total, 3 system, 1 cpu, 1 gpu, 1 psu) so it works for me.<br /><br />My specs so you can compare:<br />Case: Fractal Design Arc Mini<br />MB: MSI z68ma-ED55<br />Intel Core i5 2400<br />Antec HCG 520<br />G.Skill 2 x 4GB<br />WD 500 GB (Blue)<br />Sapphire 6850 Graphic Card<br />Win 7 home.running total, 3 system, 1 cpu, 1 gpu, 1 psu) so it works for me.  My specs so you can compare:  Case: Fractal Design Arc Mini  MB: MSI z68ma-ED55  Intel Core i5 2400  Antec HCG 520  G.Skill 2 x 4GB  WD 500 GB (Blue)  Sapphire 6850 Graphic Card  Win 7 home.
0553801473|4.0|Hope he doesn't take 5 years to wrap this saga up - couldn't put the book down until I was finished.  I wish he had let us know what happened to characters like Rickon....<br />and the wolves.  Too many other characters were introduced and it was distracting.<br />Love the whole series, though.  Very good imagination.
1450400957|5.0|The book has excellent illustrations of the muscles in the body and exercises which work the muscles.  Very well written and very useful.  Glad I bought it.
B00005QATY|5.0|The old ones are the good ones!  True in this case!  Have watched it four times and we laugh our tails  off each time.  It's a great movie!
0811879542|5.0|Love this book.  Bought it for my granddaughter who is two. Lots of smiles and giggles as we read the book and the did the actions so it seemed like the dots would move.
0807014273|5.0|Dr. Frankl's story and theory of practice in the world of psychology is fascinating. Few people have survived the circumstances he endured and are able to not only describe it, but put his proven postulations into practice.
B0058VW36U|5.0|Like the Bird game that exists, I find this app to be extremely addicting!  Before you know it an hour can go by!
B0058VW36U|5.0|Great app.  Kinda reminds me of angry birds just a different set up.  Got it when it was the free app of the day.
B0058VW36U|5.0|What does it for me is that this is more puzzle based than skill based. Some levels require speed and reflexes, but all boards are very passable.
B005M92MJ6|5.0|In my opinion, this is puscifer's best album so far. Maynard's creative mind continues to deliver amazing lyrics and expression through his voculs. This album is almost a combination of Puscifer and A Perfect Circle together, and it's the best of both worlds! I give it 5 stars, I love it. I mean, I love all of Maynard's work, and this was surely no disappointment for Puscifer fans.
B00005N6KG|2.0|I run 3-4 times per week. These headphones are good for a very light workouts, but not durable for the average runner. Spend the extra money and get a more quality set.
B000660UN0|1.0|There's no question that any artist can take Robert Johnson's songs and rearrange them to fit a more modern sound and instruments.  In fact, that might be a really wise thing to do given the idiosyncratic and deeply personal style that was Johnson's alone.  But that said, Clapton, who's made a fortune from being a Johnson acolyte, should by this time have understood what works and what doesn't work about this technique.  As someone who's quoted in every article or documentary about Johnson you'd think that Clapton would actually understand the music by now.  But once again he proves that he doesn't.  He's become a slick purveyor of a set of hackneyed licks that he regurgitates time and time again.<br /><br />No doubt, as evidenced by the numerous glowing reviews of this album, this offering will certainly lift Clapton's status yet again with a specific sort of blues fan:  a fan probably born either during or after Cream's existence, a fan who, although perhaps well read as far as the standard blues texts and magazines, wasn't around to actually see people like Son House, Skip James, Bukka White, Elmore James, or any of the other greats who really knew the blues.  This is a fan who is comfortable with Clapton and the perspective of the blues he presents. And that's the problem.  If Clapton ever did understand the blues he long ago forgot those lessons during his journey to becoming a ridiculously wealthy pop icon.  Think \\"You Look Wonderful Tonight\\" and you'll see how far Clapton has removed himself from those early, hungry days with Mayall.<br /><br />A perfect example of this distance can be seen on the DVD when he's repeatedly handed guitars by his guitar techs and various \\"Clapton gofers.\\"  The man himself is an industry, a pampered one who doesn't even have to pick up his own guitars anymore.  As one other reviewer remarked, this \\"just seems so staged and - to be honest - so pig rich, that it irks.\\"  Well Clapton is certainly allowed to be filthy rich and pampered, but one has to ask how that ultimately affects the music.  And the answer is unfavorably.<br /><br />On all the pieces the playing is actually quite mundane.  I doubt whether anyone would be paying attention to this album's music if it weren't Eric Clapton.  Released under an unknown's name and the playing would probably be largely overlooked.<br /><br />Yes, this might get some younger person to actually decide to listen to Robert Johnson, but if this album is their initiation to his music they will not be in any position to judge its quality and understand what makes it so far superior to Clapton's interpretations.to ask how that ultimately affects the music.  And the answer is unfavorably.  On all the pieces the playing is actually quite mundane.  I doubt whether anyone would be paying attention to this album's music if it weren't Eric Clapton.  Released under an unknown's name and the playing would probably be largely overlooked.   Yes, this might get some younger person to actually decide to listen to Robert Johnson, but if this album is their initiation to his music they will not be in any position to judge its quality and understand what makes it so far superior to Clapton's interpretations.
B005H9B2CE|4.0|Thor...what can i say about it...it was a good movie I will admit, back when they were on asguard it seemed so peaceful, the development of the ice giants as being these cold hearting being, made you hate them every time you see them, thats whats so good about the movies like this, they make the enemies true enemies, even the people watching start to hate them. at first i thought that Thor was a over heated searching for glory type of hero (yes i know thats how thor is but im yet again new to these movies) later to learn thats just how the Thor is. I would recommend this movie to anybody because it has Natalie Portman in it :p  @i_bewill
B000007NZ5|4.0|In the days when pop and glam (pomp and circumstance) was moving into the spotlight.  NWOBHM was running a little thin.  The ascension of Thrash was eminent. Death Metal had reached the crack of dawn. And, Black Sabbath presently turned the key to another revolution along the ensuing journey!!  This is what then modern mainlevel metal ought to have sounded like:  Basic real heavy melodic music, well executed.  Though slightly less then perfect; how I prefer it.  Grow into it. Now intriguingly inaccessible.  Worth the Venture.  Certainly is not Oz or Dio; and, rightly so..
B005LJITS0|5.0|This movie was fantastic. Some people say that it should have been longer, and I aggree, im new to the Green Lantern, but I must say due to the movie I will be reading more into it. This movie is amazing, i hope and pray they make a Green Lantern II. They really need to you. I would watch this over and over again.   Character development was pretty good, although I wished they wouldve had more scenes on the Green Lantern planet (yes i know i forgot the green lantern planet name) but all in all i highly recommend this movie!  @i_bewill
B00162GWFS|4.0|Regardless of any lack of production qualities, the statement holds pure!  Metal flash at it's essential core.  First saw for sale at the import section of a local record store back in '83.  First heard it from a friend who picked it up hoping to catch those guys at a show in Boise, Idaho that same year.  Their bus broke down, show cancelled, friend didn't get the record signed as wished for.  Passed along to me (he didn't like).  Still recall spinning LP the first time; thinking, man these guys are fast.  Ended up splicing the instrumental sections together to make one long piece.  It was great!  Still very true metal at it's center.  I believe.
B004J1DBJI|5.0|App is freaking sick..knows everything, might as well drop outta school now since I dont need anymore college professors teaching me stuff anymore.
B000JML90Y|1.0|Outdated and Irrelevant; the masses cling to this book as an excuse to act like unethical animals.  I wish the world would move on from this mindless drivel.
B005HPA2XI|3.0|Seeing as how I did not enjoy crack the skye, I was hesitant to even listen to this album. While listening to the first track, I was thinking \\"alright, this has potential...\\"..And then suddenly, vocals. I just can't stand where Mastodon decided to take most of their vocals. While I do realize they've always had some clean vocals, there's just something about the way that it's delivered (and produced) that makes it seem so much weaker. The music in this (and crack the skye) is great, I would never try to take away the fact that these guys are excellent musicians. But as far as I'm concerned, remission was amazing, leviathan is one of the greatest metal albums ever written, and blood mountain is also a good one (though I'm not as into it as the others).. Everything after that just hasn't been for me. Having said that, obviously all music is a matter of opinion. While I hate the vocals of the newer stuff, I know a lot of people hate the vocals in the older stuff. Mastodons earlier albums were much more aggressive, and that drew me to them. While I do listen to music with calmer/clean vocals, and even stuff without vocals at all, when I find a band that draws me in with their aggressiveness, I tend to like them for that aggressiveness..But when they try to change so drastically(whether they change the musical style or the vocal style), I tend to not like it as much, if at all. That definitely did happen in this case, because while the vocals make me dislike the music as a whole, I think most people would agree that in terms of how technical they are, they're always improving. I was originally going to give this a 1 star, but while writing this out I realized that it absolutely doesn't deserve a 1 star. The fact is, if you like the music they made during the time period that I'm into, you may not like the newer stuff. But then again, you might still like it, so it's always worth a try.
B005V5WBFG|1.0|Installed this on my Asus Transformer (Android Honeycomb tablet) and the web browser went nuts, constantly opening up new tabs. Restarted and still continued. Uninstalled and working fine again.
B000006NPY|5.0|I love this album. It is one of my all time favorites in music. I just wish they would re-release it on vinyl. Hope they will do. I would definitely recommend it to anybody.
B004UHF51S|4.0|Michael Franks has it down pat: lots of samba, clever and sophisticated wordplay, a judicious mix of romance and whimsy, and the occasional lyric so corny that the listener is forced to wince. This is the formula that worked for him on his first albums and the one that continues to work for him right to the present day. And so well does Time Together fit the mold that it even sounds like something that might have been produced by his legendary old producer Tommy LiPuma.<br />Though this is one excellent album, it falls just short of his best. Four and a half star ratings are not possible, so I give it a strong four. Here's what I like the best: Now That the Summer's Here, which is pure vintage Franks; One Day in St. Tropez, a nostalgic samba; Summer In New York, with its galloping instrumentation and placid vocals; the smooth Samba Blue; If I Could Make September Stay, a fine piece of bossa nova evocative of the Abandoned Garden era; and the delightful Feathers From An Angel's Wing. Mice offers an interesting way of looking at life and on Charlie Chan in Egypt, Franks offers some rare political commentary. The corny one here is My Heart Said Wow, but it has excellent instrumentation.<br />And speaking of instrumentation, Franks' recordings always feature first rate musicians who seem to instinctively know how to work with his material such in a way that unless you read the list of an album's featured musicians, you'd never know they often differ from album to album.<br />The six-panel gatefold packaging gives the listener information about who plays what on which song, but unfortunately there are no lyrics nor is there a booklet to peruse while listening. But since the music is delightful as Franks almost always is, Time Together comes highly recommended.
B003VWU2WA|5.0|Always wanted a knob for volume control. Software allows the Powermate to be easily bound to Winamp's global hotkey for play/pause. What more need be asked for? Cheap, visually appealing. I've got it pulsing blue light - decorative. The cable could do with some subtlety; it looks like it has some silver shielding. Finally, it needs to be heavier. If there was such an option, I'd buy it as well. I might need a desk that can hide the cables from my increasing desktop gadget count. Recommended.
B004GHYCKW|4.0|There has been an awful lot of critical acclaim swirling around Let England Shake so when I ordered it, my expectations were correspondingly high. Yet once I listened several times I had to wonder what all the fuss was about. So I pulled out the booklet that accompanies the CD, read the lyrics, and found them key to understanding and enjoying this album. With Let England Shake, PJ Harvey has issued a deeply patriotic yet not jingoistic paean to an England that is seemingly fast dissolving as a power into a multicultural mediocrity. The words of so many of the songs recall and mourn all the many times and places Englishmen have fought and died in an ultimately futile defense of the English way of life.  Musically, I find the album mostly weak but lyrically it is profound. Here is what I like best: The title cut, All and Everyone; the haunting On Battleship Hill, and In the Dark Places. I don't like the discordant, hoarsely sung England, the warbly Written on the Forehead, or the nursery-rhymish The Color of the Earth. But overall, I find Let England Shake peculiarly charming.  PJ Harvey is the kind of artist most people either love or hate, but to me her talent gives her a pass to be as idiosyncratic as she wants to be. So I enjoy Let England Shake for what it is rather than for what I hoped or expected it to be. While the critical accolades it has received may be a bit obsequious, Harvey fans should at least give it a chance.
B005M92MJ6|5.0|firstly, I must say that I love it. some of the songs took a little while to grow on me, but over all, I think it's great.<br /><br />Tiny Monsters--- Great lyrics, but a little repetitive at the end. not a bad thing, just saying. 8/10<br />Green Valley--- This one makes me think of Arizona. 10/10<br />Monsoons--- probably the only song I don't love, but I bet it'll grow on me. 5/10<br />Telling Ghosts--- pretty durn cool. 8/10<br />Horrizons--- I like it. 7/10<br />Man Overbord--- the first official single of the album, this song is pretty great. 9/10<br />Toma--- at first I got bored by this song. now it's one of my favorites on the album. 10/10<br />The Rapture (Fear is a Mind Killa Mix) this one is pretty cool, but hasn't grown on me yet. 5/10<br />Conditions of my Parole--- the title track. it's worth buying the album all by it self. 10/10<br />The Weaver--- this is the only song that feels at all contrived. never the less, it's still good... 5/10<br />Oceans--- Catchy, and a good listen. 9/10<br />Tumbleweed--- I love it, my only problem is that the drums aren't mixed loud enough for my taste, but never the less, leaves me singing it. 10/10<br /><br />total. 9/10. very worth it.
1423140591|5.0|I miss Percy. I finished the book last night and am feeling a little sad that I won't be spending the evenings with Percy and his friends for awhile.  Loved the new characters Hazel ,Frank, and of course the potty mouth horse Arion.<br />  The character insights really helped me learn who and why the characters do what they do.<br /> In addition to an entertaining story the author is great about showing the importance of loyalty and friendship. I eagerly await the next installment.
B004VF68AQ|4.0|When you are responsible for two of the most groundbreaking albums ever made in 1988's \\"Nothings Shocking\\" and 1990's \\"Ritual de lo Habitual\\"(the only thing Jane's fans argue on is which is greater!) and you haven't released an album in 8 years since 2003's Eric Avery less \\"Strays\\" then there was always going to be great anticipation when in 2010 Jane's announced they were working on a new album with Duff McKagan(guns n' roses, velvet revolver) taking the recently departed(again) Eric Averys place. This would be only album number four in Jane's largely on and off again career and to just add to the confusion McKagan would depart in September 2010 and be replaced by TV On The Radio's David Sitek as well as touring bassist Chris Chaney. It seems however as usual the more problems and troubles Jane's encounter the better they get. As \\"The Great Escape Artist\\" is one great album and see's them mixing their old sound with new fresh idea's.<br /><br />The signs were already good when they released \\"End To The Lies\\" earlier this year a song with a opening groove not to unfamiliar to \\"Ted, Just Admit It\\" and featuring Dave Navarro's signature heavy full guitar sound. Throw in lyrics like \\"You talk about me so much, I think you're in love with me\\" and lyrics like \\"You never really change like they say. You only become more like yourself\\". It's a good indicator that the song is about original and former bassist Eric Avery. The other single \\"Irresistible Force\\" showed a new experimental sound with the use use of swirling synths and a spoken word delivery by frontman Perry Farrell.<br /><br />The album itself opens up with the brilliant \\"Underground\\" which has a big Dave Navarro riff carry the song through a bit like he did with \\"Mountain Song\\" as well as some great tribal drumming from Jane's secret weapon drummer Stephen Perkins. Dave Navarro a man responsible for one of the greatest guitar solos ever in \\"Three Days\\" and is on fine form here as he delivers another great soloin the track \\"Curiosity Kills\\", it shows Navarro is still one of the best guitar players in the game! On the song \\"I'll Hit You Back\\" that's got a great bass line running through and has Perry on great form it and makes good use of synthesizers which surely this is the effect of producer Rich Costey who has produced for Muse and Interpol as well as Dave Sitek influence on the band.<br /><br />With the track \\"Ultimate Reason\\" we get a listen to what the album might have sounded like had McKagan made it the whole way through as this is one of his tracks(he also co-wrote \\"Broken People\\" & \\"Words Right Out Of My Mouth\\"). The song \\"Words Right Out of My Mouth\\" features a great acoustic bridge before Navarro takes us out again. \\"Twisted Tales\\" is a great track where all instruments work well together and has a great rhythm running throughout it. On the song \\"Broken People\\" the bass starts the track before Perry delivers a lovely slow vocal as Stephen Perkins drums play in the background before Dave Navarro steps in with a heavy guitar riff the compliments the song really well.<br /><br />With the special edition you get a second disc of the band recorded live at the vive latino festival from this year, there's a version of \\"End To The Lies\\" included as well as classics like \\"Three Days\\", \\"Ted, Just Admit It\\", \\"Mountain Song\\" and \\"Ocean Size\\", it features 11 songs and at just under an hour is longer than the studio album, also it's good to see the artwork return to something like the earlier albums after the band photo used for \\"Strays\\", the album contains all the lyrics as well as who played and wrote what.<br /><br />With \\"The Great Escape Artist\\" Jane's Addiction have answered all their critics who said they had no future with out Avery and while it would have been nice to have Eric Avery along for the ride the band sounds revitalized and with an album that doesn't even take up 40 minutes is one that will add to the legacy of the band even if it never matches either \\"Nothings Shocking\\" or \\"Ritual de lo Habitual\\"(lets face it not much does) and lets hope they don't self implode once again as on this form I can't wait another 8 years for album number 5!
B005HGZVEM|5.0|Dear Music Appreciators,<br /><br />I've been a fan of Chris Isaak since hearing \\"Wicked Game\\" in junior high - I still remember that famous music video oozing sex and cool and how many mix tapes I made for girls with that song on it...that was about 22 years ago and Chris Isaak is still at it...and still extremely underappreciated.<br /><br />This latest album finds him paying tribute to the sounds of Sun Records and covering songs by some of his influences who recorded there.  If the Sun Records story is unfamiliar to you it might be worth your time to read up on it a bit, you know - Google it or whatever.<br /><br />If you're a fan of Elvis, Jerry Lee Lewis, Carl Perkins, Johnny Cash, Roy Orbison, or, well, Chris Isaak of course, then I think you will find something to like here.<br /><br />My overall impression of this album is that Chris Isaak alternates between turning in respectable, slightly reserved performances of some of the more famous songs (\\"Great Balls of Fire,\\" \\"I Walk the Line\\") and high-energy, hot performances of some of the lesser-known songs (\\"Trying to Get To You,\\" \\"Miss Pearl\\").  This highlights the fact that there is no one that can do those legendary hits like the original legendary artists, and maybe that's not a bad thing - after all , one wouldn't expect an album of, say, Beatles covers to transcend the original versions...this is a tribute album really, and a darn good one, and Chris Isaak gets bonus points for achieving his usual cool guy/fun guy/blue guy/retro guy dynamic, complimented as always by his usual breathtaking good looks and remarkably beautiful vintage voice.<br /><br />Put this record on and let Chris Isaak take you back to the glory days of Sun Records...and let him make you feel just a little bit cooler along the way.  This kind of music can fill a room with what I like to call \\"Instant Atmosphere,\\" which is great for parties, or romance, or heartbreakingly cool, dimly lit moments of loneliness with a drink in your hand...<br /><br />Sincerely,<br /><br />Constant Listener
B004H1V5RU|5.0|This toy has kept my coworkers and I busy on breaks for weeks. It is not easy and takes hours of practice to beat. Defiantly challenging, you will not be able to put it down until you beat it. It gets into your mind and life sucks until you beat the 125 terrifying platforms without falling.  Very fun and worth every penny.
0545265355|4.0|Quick shipping. Great books and can't wait until the movie comes out. Can't put the books down once I start. Would recommend to all suspense readers
B0000A1RJI|5.0|ive listen to this music while watching the movie and its a good score. i recommed this soundtrack of the pirates of the caribbean-curse of the black pearl.
B003T2TP70|4.0|As a light humorous read, Good Omens was fantastic. All of the characters, minus the rag-tag group of 11 year olds, were interesting to read about and developed the plot nicely. The book itself really only takes five days, which is retrospectively surprising for how much happens. The book also has some interesting theological ideas attached to it, although nothing terribly original. Watching Aziraphale, an angel, being not so angelic, and Crowley, a demon, being almost a nice guy, and the two interacting with each other is rather interesting. These two characters certainly made the book for me, although having the anti-christ named Adam was lovely as well. The footnotes are also rather amusing, and add another dimension to the book. The only major downside of this novel was the ending. It ties up a little too neatly and easily, and just isn't as great as the rest of the novel.  Terry Pratchett is on my to-read list currently as I haven't read anything just by him. Gaiman on the other hand, I'm pretty well acquainted with. I felt that his individual works, like Anansi Boys or the Sandman series, developed protagonists much more fully. As amusing as the Good Omens characters are, they still feel very two dimensional.  Overall I would recommend it as an introduction to either of the authors, or as a fun read on a dark and stormy night.
B005IY3CMQ|1.0|I consider myself a devout Radiohead fan. I must admit there have been times I have listened to some of their previous work and had to shake my head wondering \\"What the hell is this crap?\\". Well that feeling started from the minute I started playing this CD to the last second of the last track. I almost could not tolerate it a few times as I found it absolutely tough to listen to. I thought to myself \\"I may have to give it a few go arounds and maybe it will grow on me\\" but so far I am having difficulty trying to find anything likeable about this album. I guess I was expecting something different with some more creative mixes. The funny part is that when you listen to most of these tracks you can not even tell what song they are trying to remix. There are barely any vocals and most of it is this annoying electronic beeps and buzzes which have no rhyme or reason to them. I am sorry I made this purchase but it is my own fault by going on faith that it would be something worth listening to. Wish I could get my money back on this one.
B000B8QG4A|5.0|I bought this movie for my daughter and son.  It is a classic.  It took me back to when I was a little girl watching it.  The shipping was fast and it was in perfect condition.
B002BWP49C|5.0|My mother started reading Twilight so she could chat with her niece. She wanted the Twilight movie (anything I can do for Mom is going to happen). She was so excited when we finally sat down to watch the movie. It takes forever for the movies to come out in DVD. My father is handicapped, going to a movie is not among our limited to do list options. So we have to wait for the DVD.   oh, I am 49 years old. Last year and this year, I listened to the Twilight music soundtracks and the books on cd, while I created and did the up keep of my corn maze!
B00003CX8Y|5.0|I bought this for my daughter's 5th birthday.  We had a Beauty and the Beast birthday party complete with the soundtrack, movie and Belle herself.  The movie was in perfect condition and was shipped very fast.
B004RCUJ9E|5.0|Simple to use checkers game. Nice graphics. Passes time while sitting on the toilet! A must have for any checkers fan!
B003L77G10|5.0|I love this series and can not wait for the next season to come out.  Great actors and actresses.  Good story line.
B005COO1X6|2.0|I enjoyed this book...it was an ok book but when it finally got to the good point when you were going to hopefully find out why things were happening it just ended....i wish there were more to this book than it was worth. if your looking for a quick thrill without a cliff hanger that doesnt tell you \\"oh hey read more of this story followed in such in such book\\"...then this would be the book for you.
B003FSTN52|5.0|I love this series and can not wait to see more.  Watched the whole box set in 24 hours.  Love Love Love it
1451629184|5.0|Dear Jaycee,  About a third of the way through your book I had to put it down and thought I don't know if I can finish this. The next morning after my prayers, I thought if you had the courage to write this incredible book then I must finish reading it. It's finished and I cried and smiled and said another prayer. You are an inspiration and I hope you realiize all of your goals. God Bless you and your family in all ways.
B0046E825G|5.0|This was a very good experience all the way around.  The book came on time in the condition that was advertised.
B005M92MJ6|5.0|Great album, If your a Pucifer fan then you will love it. I think this is a little different than the other albums but really non the less. Great price on amazon saved $3 over iTunes.  Buy this you wont be disappointed.
1932100660|5.0|Very sound book on nutrition...the studies cited are solid and really are an eye opener as to the basic thing we do every day that effects our health...What We Eat!!!
B004VMVTNU|5.0|This app is everything I could have wanted and more in an alarm clock. I got it for free but would buy it in a heartbeat and I don't usually pay for apps.
0071762345|5.0|I just bought this book and read it in one night!  It is the best I've read yet...written in actual English...on how to use Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc. to build relationships with others. I'm interviewing for a new job and have to balance using \\"new media\\" to reach our younger audiences and their parents as well as their grandparents who prefer more \\"traditional\\" communications.  I even bought a copy to give to my (hopefully soon to be) new leader.<br /><br />Even more than the book was being able to talk with Dave in real time and receive his insight and encouragement.  Coming from a corportate world where everyone charges for everything it's refreshing (and quite unbelieveable) to have someone with his reputation(and incredibly busy schedule) to actually be willing to share his knowledge for free is invaluable.<br /><br />I am very grateful to Dave and his team. Thank you so much!
B0011Z933S|5.0|I was encouraged to read this by a friend (who is a HUGE fan of Death Cab for Cutie)--I have to say, it was a great intro album.  I love their lyrics, their chord structure, and Ben Gibbard's vocals are sweet, mellow, and hauntingly intense.  I have since listened to and enjoyed all of their albums, and rather than feeling that they have 'sold out', I feel that they have merely refined and perfected their sound and style.    In short, this album is beautiful, and I recommend it very highly.
B0042JSMV4|5.0|I DL a Kindle version to my IPAD and I just LOVE it! The pictures are nice and clear, the colors are bright, and the text is beautiful. Yes, I love the book editions too, but I wanted this immediately, so I figured: \\"What the heck, I'll give it a try.\\" I'm NOT disappointed at all. It is a beautiful version and I 5 star recommend it to everyone who questions whether they should try it or not.
B005LJITS0|5.0|I really liked it. I didn't think I would, but it stayed exciting though out. Two thumbs up. I just wish I had seen it in the theatres. Oh well, at least its out on DVD.
0307245306|3.0|Absolutely the book series is good. Like other extended series, the writing matures going from book to book. While sometimes obviously pandering to a younger audience (unlike the Harry Potter series, in which character interactions were appropriate for the age of the characters, making it more enjoyable to all readers) it's not so obnoxious as to be unreadable for adults. Written in first person from the viewpoint of a none-too-bright teenager (and I'm not talking about his learning disabilities, he's just not that bright.) Percy, if not so much the other characters, comes through as a complete character, understood by his audience. Given that everything is colored by Percy's viewpoint, the slightly weaker characterizations of the supporting cast are understandable from a literary point of view.  The worst sticking point in the text, for me, is the strong environmental message that, though not dominant, is present throughout. It only gets more obnoxious further into the series, and is obviously pandering to a generation brought up with, \\"Yes, the baby polar bear drowned because your mommy didn't buy a Prius\\" environmental ethics. Since kids are already bombarded with the message that it is better to live in villages in the jungle than in an industrial world, it's a bit ridiculous.  To its credit, the book series presents ideas, such as the development and importance of Western Civilization, the way values have changed, or should have changed, as civilization developed. A pity this is in direct contrast to the environmentalist message previous mentioned. Non-traditional family relationships are analyzed, with a strong message of understanding a situation from another's point of view. While many of the conclusions are simplistic, the questions are presented in a rather mature manner.  Speaking of the audiobooks specifically, Jesse Bernstein is not bad when judged against his peers, but suffers from the same problems and many young readers for audiobooks. It is obviousat many points that he is not familiar with the text, and at points does not understand what he is reading. As a result, he commonly takes pauses at inappropriate places, emphasizes the wrong parts of sentences, uses improper intonation, and makes other mistakes.
B0013D8LOU|5.0|I mover The extra content besides the execellent movie, the included all the mentioned on the description and the presentation is really good I love the way it looks
B003ZSJ212|5.0|If you can get over George Lucas meddling and don't have a recent DVD set, this is awesome.  I last had the VHS set and bought this to introduce my 4 year old son.  He loved, I loved.  Brought back some good memories.  Funny how some of the model ships look like actual models in HD...
B00138GY0I|4.0|I went ahead & bought this at a Best Buy store & surprisingly enough, it was only $4.99 when in fact, I thought it was $6.99 to begin with, but I guess it was prolly on sale. So i went ahead & bought it to add to my MJ collection, which is small at the moment for now to see if any of the songs on the album were any good. And after listening to it, to be truthfully honest, I feel that it's not his BEST album, cause I truly didn't care for the REMIX songs at all.<br />However, the songs that were not remixes were quite good, which there are only 5 listed.<br /><br />My only personal fave from that CD being \\"Superfly Sister.\\"<br />I listen to that particular track nonstop & can't get enough of it. :)<br /><br />Overall, because I didn't care for the remixes from the HIStory CD,(which I don't have YET), I have to give this album a 4 star.<br />That's just my personal opinion on the album.<br /><br />As far as recommending, if you want to get it, that's up to you...but personally, I prolly wouldn't especially if you aren't a fan of REMIXES!!
B00150B2SS|5.0|The British intelligence agency known as the Circus is more successful than it has been in years. It's been reorganized following a massively fouled up operation and all appears well under its new management. Yet something is rotten at its core and a revelation forces the government to call in a member of the ousted regime. That former member is of course none other than George Smiley. That is the beginning of the remarkable journey that is John le Carre's 1974 novel Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy.<br /><br />Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy was in some ways the relaunch of John le Carre's career as a novelist. After an unsuccessful previous novel in the form of The Naïve And Sentimental Lover, le Carre found himself returning after a false start to the permanently middle aged spy George Smiley. Using the Cambridge spies scandal as a historical starting point, le Carre crafted a tale that saw Smiley drug back from forced retirement by the very people who put him there with a single mission: follow up the revelation of a Circus agent with information about a possible traitor in the agency, learn if there is indeed one and expose him. The novel was a success and it launched both le Carre and his creation on a new journey. Reading the novel, it isn't hard to see why.<br /><br />Smiley was originally created as a sort of detective character in le Carre's first two novels and in this novel is a return to form. Smiley is once again playing detective though not one investigating a murder. Instead, Smiley returns to investigate his own past, to uncover clues to solve the mystery of the mole within the Circus. Smiley is the reader's guide through this secret world with its jargon, office politics and various characters who have either inhabited it or are exiled from it. The novel makes extensive use of flashbacks as result and is also surprisingly heavy with dialogue, using the character's own words for the flashbacks. The result is that the reader, like Smiley, is given a piece of puzzle at the time and must piece all together to make out the truth.<br /><br />It is the people Smiley encounters who make that puzzle come alive. They include  the Circus's eccentric former researcher Connie Sachs, the roguish Ricki Tarr who sets the investigation in motion, civil servant Oliver Lacon and the former agent of the Circus Jim Prideaux to name a few. The novel also sees the return of previous le Carre creations as well such as Smiley's right hand man Peter Guillam, former policeman Mendel right up to Control, the former head of the Circus. There are also the four men who are now at the top of the Circus who are each suspected: Percy Alleline and his deputies Bill Haydon, Roy Bland, and Toby Esterhase. Last but not least is the mysterious Karla, glimpsed only briefly, Smiley's opposite in Moscow Center. Each of them is painted vividly by le Carre from the charms of Hayden, Guillam's paranoia when he is forced to break into the Circus to Prideaux's exile and his connection to a fouled operation at the heart of the novel and beyond. In this way, the novel is a character study wrapped up in a mystery/thriller with Smiley at its heart.<br /><br />For all the vivid character's, Smiley is the novel's life and soul. As said earlier, the novel invites the reader to almost become Smiley in his journey. In doing so, we are given the chance to explore him. We are shown first a man unhappy in his forced retirement who nevertheless seems reluctant to come out of it. We are shown how he manipulates, sometimes subtly, the people around him into giving him the information he seeks. We are shown a man who is aware of his own failings be it in his encounter with Karla years in the past or with his inability to deal with his unfaithful wife Ann. Indeed, Smiley's reaction with the identity of the mole is at last revealed is a fascinating piece of work as le Carre explores the reactions of a man so the end of a journey, he wonders if he can in fact go through with itsfinal act. Yet for all these insights, Smiley still feels like an enigma, as if one can't quite undo the last clever knot that makes him up, to use a quote from the novel itself. Smiley therefore remains fascinating to read right up to the end.<br /><br />Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy is remarkable journey of a novel. It is ostensibly a mystery/thriller in which a great mole hunt plays out as a man is forced to explore his past for what he could not see at the beginning. It is also a study of how a skilled author can bring a fictional world to life as if it were real. Whether you are a fan of the spy thriller genre or perhaps just interested in the novel due to the upcoming film adaptation starring Gary Oldman as Smiley, there is something in this novel that will fascinate you to the final page.miley still feels like an enigma, as if one can't quite undo the last clever knot that makes him up, to use a quote from the novel itself. Smiley therefore remains fascinating to read right up to the end.  Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy is remarkable journey of a novel. It is ostensibly a mystery/thriller in which a great mole hunt plays out as a man is forced to explore his past for what he could not see at the beginning. It is also a study of how a skilled author can bring a fictional world to life as if it were real. Whether you are a fan of the spy thriller genre or perhaps just interested in the novel due to the upcoming film adaptation starring Gary Oldman as Smiley, there is something in this novel that will fascinate you to the final page.
1582701709|4.0|I was very happy to receive my copy of The Secret. Its philosophy has become part of my life.The book was in good condition when it came.  Unfortunately, it took four weeks to come - from the U.S. Considering it cost $10 for postage it could have been sent by airmail.I ordered another book (different title) at the same time from England and it took six days to come.
B005HS00NW|5.0|If, as the title states, we are entering dreamland on M83's sixth studio release, then our fantasy is taking place in the big-haired, neon-bedazzled world of the 1980s. And why not? Back then, the American Dream still came equipped with houses.<br /><br />It's not that this band, formed by French musician Anthony Gonzalez in 2001, has pitched a tent in the '80s-revivalist camp. It's as if this music is being unearthed from the 1980s, and somehow repackaged and taken in new directions with the help of today's technology.<br /><br />The style employed on \\"Hurry Up, We're Dreaming\\" feels like the front end of a burgeoning trend. Gonzalez has a keen sense for melody, which paired with his entrenched connection to ambient and techno sounds, creates something akin to hip-hop; a cut-and-paste form of new wave. \\"Dreaming,\\" like M83's previous outings, is mostly a synth affair, but the band for the first time employs saxophone, acoustic guitar, flutes and strings to give the album a fuller flavor than, say, 2008's extroverted \\"Saturdays=Youth.\\"<br /><br />If all 22 songs were as dense as \\"Intro,\\" the opening track, the album would be an exhausting experience. The song, featuring the operatic Zola Jesus, is a thick, moody slab of electronic pop with enough dark and light shades to make Brian Eno blush. Luckily, \\"Dreaming\\" offers a wide spectrum of hues, right down to the song's antipode, \\"Raconte-moi Histoire,\\" a light, airy tale about a magic frog in a land where \\"everything looks like a giant cupcake,\\" as told by a kindergartner.<br /><br />On the dance-floor cool-down number, \\"OK Pal,\\" M83 has no peer. It's grand pop like Peter Gabriel's early untitled records -- helped by the fact that Gonzalez's voice is reminiscent of Gabriel, powerful yet ethereal. The song is full-on electronic, with hints of Herbie Hancock, Steve Winwood and Tears for Fears at play. \\"Steve McQueen\\" offers a tantalizing, opposites-attract marriage of electronic fuzz with soaring melodies and lilting voices -- part a-ha, part Jesus and Mary Chain, part \\"Kokomo\\"-era Beach Boys. There's also the Kraftwerkian \\"Klaus I Love You,\\" flamboyant space rock a la Muse on \\"My Tears Are Becoming a Sea,\\" and the sweeping, organ-slathered \\"Splendor,\\" offering shades of Toto.<br /><br />But nothing tops the instantly infectious \\"Midnight City,\\" the album's first single. Big synth drums, bigger synth voices and Gonzalez singing over top in a voice that's cold, but strangely affecting (think Gary Numan on \\"Cars\\"). It even ends with an obligatory '80s saxophone outro that seals the deal.<br /><br />There's no mistaking that \\"Dreaming\\" has epic aspirations -- it is a double album, after all -- but it's heights are easily climbed because Gonzalez always remembers to bring the hooks. Throughout, M83 changes the tempo and shifts the mood often enough to keep the proceedings interesting, and at times jaw-dropping. And it's such a tightly woven production that some songs when played separately seem to begin -- or end -- abruptly.Chain, part \\"Kokomo\\"-era Beach Boys. There's also the Kraftwerkian \\"Klaus I Love You,\\" flamboyant space rock a la Muse on \\"My Tears Are Becoming a Sea,\\" and the sweeping, organ-slathered \\"Splendor,\\" offering shades of Toto.  But nothing tops the instantly infectious \\"Midnight City,\\" the album's first single. Big synth drums, bigger synth voices and Gonzalez singing over top in a voice that's cold, but strangely affecting (think Gary Numan on \\"Cars\\"). It even ends with an obligatory '80s saxophone outro that seals the deal.  There's no mistaking that \\"Dreaming\\" has epic aspirations -- it is a double album, after all -- but it's heights are easily climbed because Gonzalez always remembers to bring the hooks. Throughout, M83 changes the tempo and shifts the mood often enough to keep the proceedings interesting, and at times jaw-dropping. And it's such a tightly woven production that some songs when played separately seem to begin -- or end -- abruptly.
B004N66XYE|1.0|Muddled plot, and a waste of some fine acting talent.  Those who remember the original series will certainly be disappointed.
B0009P5YXO|5.0|The tenth doctor is my favorite, so even though the new 11th screwdriver is out, I elected to buy this version.  It's brilliant.  The end lights up classic blue.  It extends, and it makes the noise!  I now have my own sonic screwdriver, and I use it all the time, sonic-ing along with the episodes.<br /><br />Now, for a serious review, I am a little disappointed with the design.  The extending part is flimsy.  You can't do it as easy as tennent does it in the show.  Although, it does also make the noise when it is extended, which is a nice feature.  And the sound is good, though it is definitely a higher pitch than in the show, which was disappointing.  Also it makes two sounds, and I'm not sure why.  The second has this weird screechy noise that is unpleasant.  I don't recognize it from the show, although it could just be a bad version of it.  I don't know, but I end up pushing the button twice before I get the right sound whenever I sonic it.  And third, the little part that is covering a screw is also the sliding button to extend the end.  It falls off all the time, which adds to the flimsiness of it.  And fourth (I know a lot of negatives for a DW item), the pen nib does not stay on well.  When I hold the screwdriver, the pen nib is in the part of my grip that makes it fall off.  It's annoying!  And just a sidenote, it is too big to be a pen.  I thought I might actually use it as one, but it is just under an inch thick, so too big for that.  And the pen nib falls off in my grip when I try to hold it as a pen, too.<br /><br />Alright, overall it's a sonic screwdriver.  It's awesome.  I love it.  It is about $20 online, and it is accordingly flimsy.  I think I had $100 hopes and I couldn't help but be disappointed.  If you care about quality, and want to search for a better one, you'll probably pay more for it.  If it's worth it or not, I don't know.  For something I only use when I'm watching Doctor Who, it is awesome to have.
0143036742|5.0|The book is a feel-good story about a family of Ukrainian immigrants to England spanning from 1930s' to 1990s'. It is funny and entertaining. The genre is mixed - there are elements of family story, gossip story, detective, and it all has an unexpected happy end. I enjoyed this book.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|The extras were alittle disappointing expected more then one or two deleted scenes per movie but I still love everything about it
B004EPZ08E|1.0|I spent the extra money to get the digital copy, thinking this would work just like all previous digital copies.  This Ultraviolet service has turned out to be a scam, you are forced to create a streaming account and are not able to view on an iPad.  The movie is great but save your money and buy the DVD.
B004EPZ07K|4.0|When i saw the preview, something positive clicked.  Then the reviews started<br />coming in and most were negative.<br />Well after watching the movie,  rest assure, the movie is pretty good.  I do not<br />have a clue who Ryan Reynold is, and that helps watching this movie cause i<br />did not have flashbacks to all the roles Ryan Reynold did which could have affected<br />the way i saw him on screen, that was bonus one. Bonus 2 instead of having a<br />bad guy with more super powers...we are introduced to a different kind of evil...<br />he has a face...but also lots of tentacles making it quite a monster.  hey...<br />monsters that does not have a human body are much better i think. And also i never<br />followed the Green Lantern in comic books, so i do not freak out if the storyline<br />does not follow what was in the comics.<br />I Do recommend this DVD.
B002ZG99N6|3.0|Excellent Affleck in this, excellent Rebecca Hall, all the performances, actually. It's 15 minutess too long, though, and the Fenway Park sequence was where to cut. (Far too similar to same scene in The Heat.)  But I hate films with shaky plot devices, and this film has one: so the young woman they fleetingly kidnap (Hall) lives in Charlestown? So what? She didn't see them, and it's doubtful they hang out at the same bars. So why would they all be so upset by discovering she might be a neighbor? But Affleck decides to keep an eye on her, see what she knows. Huh? Far better, I think, they bump into each other at same Laundromat -- in the Hollywood world, that's hardly a preposterous scenario -- and the relationship starts there. He is immediately taken by her (this time) and that element, kidnaper/victim, adds more, not detracts.  Loved the line, Affleck to the late great Pete Postlewaite, \\"You think you're the only guy in Charlestown with a gun?\\"
B005974CNA|5.0|I think it's a very well thought out progressive masterpiece with some new twists and turns from Dream Theater. Rudess stands out compared to previous releases, Petrucci and Myung are incredible as usual, Labrie sounds great and new drummer Mike Mangini is a welcome addition. Being a musician in a prog rock band myself I really love this sort of stuff! If you like DT you'll love this CD! Buy it!
0553801473|2.0|I am not impressed with this book.  I have zipped through the other books in days...this one has taken me forever to get through.  I won't stop reading the series...but this is not my favorite book.
B002TZS5GU|5.0|Loved the story line and the cast did a great job performing their roles very realistic and unusal worth, 10 out off 10 for a brillant movie. Lost on their on wondering around hoping not to get sick, plenty of suspense and action so sit and enjoy a great show.  Robyn
0062011847|4.0|There is no such thing as a Pratchett book that is not a delight, and this one is no exception.   Be warned that the Kindle edition, at least the one I bought about four days ago, does not allow one to view the footnotes, which are one of the best parts of any of his books. There are a few other formatting errors, but nothing I can't live with. The footnote thing is bad, though; I had to run out and buy a hardcover book so I could read them.  Snuff is a fairly simple Vimes story, and there are relatively few elements of the fantastic in it. Generaly it is a straight adventure tale, with an odd excretory leitmotif throughout (that, if I may say so, becomes just a tad tiresome). It is not as layered as many of the Discworld books, and generally what it says is what it means; but it is pleasant and amusing to read, with some really great Vimes-isms in it.  There are a couple of internal things I didn't care for, just as far as my personal Discworld preconceptions go. I like Lord Vetinari to be infallible, a step ahead of everybody, a nearly omniscient cynic who can step in and unravel any twists in the story. Here, although one understands that he is managing things off-stage, he seems more uncertain, less in firm control. He actually finds a crossword he can't finish! He looks with displeasure on an upcoming adversary because she is smart, as if that might be a problem for him.  Since most of the story takes place out in the countryside, there is not much of the interaction between the members of the Watch that is always so delightful.  Although several people die, DEATH does not make an appearance at all, and I rather miss that; but the book is a real-world documentary sort of thing, without room for such manifestations, I suppose.  I didn't think of these objections while I was reading it (except for the lack of footnotes), and I enjoyed it immensely, rejoicing in its appearance, as I rejoice in any new Pratchett. It's a good book, and I'm glad to see it; but it's also the first Pratchett I've I've ever given fewer than five stars.
B005U9RQNU|5.0|I am getting in Breaking Bad - a view of the under belly of our society. I think it is possible that any of us could find ourselves unwittingly involved somewhere where we don't belong. Yet, I find it thrilling to take this ride with Jesse and Walt!
B0014JKJHK|5.0|I am so glad i bought these shoes! They are way more comfortable than my other work shoes and I love that they are slip resistant. They clean up easily too. They are definitely worth buying.
B0055SWM08|5.0|a well designed puzzle game.  good art work,  fun puzzles,  plenty of levels.  my only complaint would be in would like multiple hint levels instead of complete solutions when using hints.  well worth the 99 cents. This
B001MS7O8A|5.0|Of all the albums Fall Out Boy has released, this one hits way at the top on my list. I love this album so much because Patrick really lets loose in it. He sings the way that I love best. He sounds so powerful when he sings. It kind of sounds shameful to call it singing really; it's more like speaking with a melody. It is unfortunate that this is the last album to be released before the \\"split\\" of the band. For those who do not know, Fall Out Boy is \\"taking a break\\", kind of like Ross and Rachel from Friends, I hope that they plan to get back together for one more tour before they completely disband, but the band says they are not broken up just doing their own thing. I know Patrick has his solo project right now. He just released Soul Punk, his solo album, yesterday, October 18th, 2011. It was amazing if you guys want to check it out. I know the rest of the band has their own projects, but unfortunately I don't know what they are called. Thanks for reading my review and I hope I was helpful to someone.  My favorite songs form this album:  .She's my Winona  .America's Suitehearts  .What a Catch, Donnie  .Tiffany Blews     My favorite songs from Patrick Stumps solo album, Soul Punk:  .Bad Side of 25   .Allie   .The \\"I\\" in Lie   .This City
B005CMSDLE|3.0|The concept of the film is an exciting one: a 16-year-old assassin, à la Mathila from THE PROFESSIONAL (but intensified), is on the run from government agents, namely a slick CIA woman for as-of-yet unclear reasons. The visuals are sleek and even poetic, which sets this particular film apart from other thrillers.   The set-up of the film raises an intriguing question. Will Hanna Heller (played by the magnificently sensitive Saoirse Ronan) decide to leave the nest of the forest in Finland in order to discover the world outside, in spite of the dangers that she is almost certain to encounter? This is a question encountered by many \\"normal\\" people on some level, and it is a particularly pertinent question, given this day and age (and economy).   The main problem stems from the tone of the film. It is part LA FEMME NIKITA, part THE PROFESSIONAL, part RUN LOLA RUN, part THE BOURNE IDENTITY, part...HOME ALONE?  The Grimms fairy tales are so important to the overall meaning of the film that it is set up in the first couple minutes, and Hanna even recites multiple times throughout that she has to meet her father (Eric Bana) at Wilhelm Grimm's house in Berlin. Unfortunately, the film's connection to the Grimms tales seems superficial at best, and it appears that the Brothers Grimm are mentioned purely so that there is an interesting-looking location for the climax (big fairy tale bed, faux candy, brightly-colored set decor in the aforementioned house).   It seems incongruous that Hanna, who has been trained to the extent that even her father ambushes her in the middle of the night to test her (in fact to drill into her head that she is never safe, even while sleeping), would later freely confess her planned meeting place to her new friend Sophie. This, of course, could be attributed to Hanna's humanization, her opening up to the very first friend in her life, but given the caution shown beforehand to mold her into a callous fighting machine, this seems sloppy and lazy--justan easy means to allow the antagonists to find her in order to get to the climax.  The minions Marissa Wiegler (Cate Blanchett) employs to help find Hanna and her father are ludicrous and contribute largely to the film's downfall. Isaacs (Tom Hollander) is the main henchman, and he has a bad blond dye-job and dresses in different bright-colored jogging suits with his two dome-headed accomplices. One accomplice, by the way, is a tall wiry man who wears acid-wash skinny jeans with knee-high boots and a cropped nylon jacket.   Yeah. Acid. Wash. Skinny. Jeans.   There you go. They provide comic relief, but juxtapose any scenes with these henchmen with one of the most exciting scenes of the film: Hanna under surveillance by the CIA in a clinically sparse holding cell, reminiscent of something out of MISSION: IMPOSSIBLE or SALT. So, these henchman are what Hanna, with all her back-breaking training and ability to beat up a team of grown men without blinking, is matched up against? They mirror the bad guys in HOME ALONE--Harry, the mastermind who is slightly less stupid than his partner and therefore leader, and of course Marv, the moron. In both these films, the idiotic antagonists are outsmarted by a fast kid. Except HOME ALONE is marketed as a comedy, so that works. One wonders why Wiegler, with all her purported acuity and resources at the CIA, couldn't come up with better henchmen than ones she picks up at a bar.   Wiegler is simultaneously amazing and disappointing. With her sharply-tailored dress suits, cropped red hair, stark make-up, and expensive designer heels, Wiegler cuts an impressive figure as she gives orders at the CIA. She is clearly a powerful woman in charge, not afraid to screw on a silencer on a gun in order to kill--well, as it turns out, anybody. Though she appears as robotic as Hanna in the beginning, she reveals some concessions she has had to make in order to get to the top of the totem poll. When asked if she ever had children, Wiegler somberlyresponds, \\"I made certain choices.\\" She is not simply the Evil Queen of the fairy tale, but had the film explored this aspect of her character a bit more, the ending (as it is, ridden with simple mistakes) would have been more satisfying.   The family Hanna shacks up with is a touching bedrock of the film, particularly when Hanna witnesses the family bonding and kidding around in a way that she never got a chance to experience. Unfortunately, her friend Sophie's dialogue is comically stilted and extremely unrealistic (this works in a lot of films, but not this one). The highlight of the family is the young Aldo Maland, who plays Sophie's younger brother Miles. Though he's not in many scenes, he steals the ones he is in with his hilarious facial expressions and reactions to the actions of the confusing adult world around him.   In the end, the climax of the film doesn't feel earned, simply because the story hasn't woven the Grimms allegory deep enough in order to justify the silly antagonists and out-of-the-ordinary tidbits. The setting screams, \\"LOOK AT THE COOL ABANDONED AMUSEMENT PARK WITH THE BROKEN ELEPHANT! AND THE COOL GRIMM HOUSE! ISN'T THIS GIANT BED COOL? SEE? IT'S THE GRIMMS, YOU SEE...JUST LIKE IN THE BOOK HANNA READS WITH HER DAD!\\"   Despite its flaws, the film is, however, worth watching just to see Saoirse Ronan handle a rare role like this. It is not every day that a filmmaker attempts to portray a 16-year-old character in such a complex and philosophical way. Ronan seems to handle every possible state director Joe Wright throws at her with ease--confusion, happiness, nervousness, anger, and freedom. Oh, and she kicks major ass, too, holding her own against men more than twice her age and size.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|My absolute favorite movie of all time, bastardized and destroyed. Lucas has jumped the shark with these \\"frankenmovies\\". It's over. The original Trilogy is no more.
B005I64U5C|1.0|This review does not relate to the movie, but it is focused on the ridiculous process to download the digital copy.  After creating accounts for both Flixster and Ultraviolet, linking the accounts, enabling WB to view my personal information, the system hangs and doesn't download the movie.  I contacted Ultraviolet first with the issues and error messages.  After a day, I was told this is not an Ultraviolet issue, but a Flixster problem.  I then contacted Flixster.  They responded by sending me to the FAQ.  To date, I have not gotten a proper response from Flixster on the error messages.  I plan on canceling both accounts and will NEVER buy another DVD tied to Ultraviolet.  This is a complete rip off and WB should be ashamed of this dreadful service. Please do yourself a favor and don't buy the movie with the digital copy.  If you want a digital version, just got to iTunes.
0439023521|5.0|I cannot describe how much I enjoyed this book.  I can't even begin to tell you what it's about.  I ask that you try and read it and if after 20 pages you have absolutely no interest, it's not for you.  But let me tell you that everyone who followed my advice has read and loved the entire trilogy.
B001IBIHQ4|5.0|I purchased this a few months ago and just had a chance to watch the series. I was hooked after the first episode and after watching it all the way to the end I will admit I was a little tearful. This series made me even more proud to be a Marine and really proud my father a SGTMAJ of 35 years who served with 1st Div in the Gulf. I now feel I know why they are considered a special Div. I have let a friend who is not military watch it and he was overwhelmed with realization this was and felt proud to be an American and realize what we fight for. I recomend this series to everyone except for younger children due to sexual scenes, which made my 11 year old son upset since he is a history buff. Since watching the series I feel like I know the characters and actually found some of them wrote books about the war. I am glad those Marines are now being reconized for the sacrifice(mentally and physically)they gave to protect our country. Semper Fi!
0439882826|5.0|I bought this book for my nephew who turned 3 this year.  I was afraid that he might find it boring but he loved it!  The light sabers on the last page light up and he loved that part the most.  There are so many pop-ups on every page so it keeps you entertained for a very long time.  To be honest, considering his age it may not hold up for long.  Since his parents are die hard Star Wars fans, I have hope that they'll keep it in good condition.
1599218011|5.0|This book is priceless!  I am so impresed wtih the thoroughness of the information.  Kris manages to make complicated things simple, easy to understand, and logical.  I am sold on her book and her lifestyle!
B004SGWYW4|2.0|This product claims to be a complete collection. It is not true; it only contains half. The other half half of the tale has not been made or not been released.
B004DLPXAO|1.0|Hello Amazon team.  I have to say I loooove the kindle but it does not work any more on my xperia 10.  I have had the experia 10 for about a year now and recently had to reload some of my apps on a replacement xperia 10. However when I tried to do that I noticed the Kindle was no exclusively an amazon app which blocks Android users from downloading it (we can't download it from amazon's kindle app store). I am so disappointed. :( :( :( :( !!!!!
B005IS565S|5.0|American Capitalist is easily Five Finger Death Punch's best record to date, and it is hard to see that considering how good The Way of the Fist and War is the Answer are. My favorite songs from this album are the first single Under and Over It as well as the more soft mellow song Remember Everything. Back for More is a great song to workout to or listen before a game because the heavy guitars and strong vocal make my blood pump! I highly recommend this album if you like good music.
B0041IU1H4|3.0|This is a great album as we all know, however, while A/B comparing, this Mofi edition sounds a little muddied when compared to the remaster release from 1999.  The upper mid frequencies have been rolled off and this results in a loss in detail in the drums and guitar.  The bass guitar also sounds less powerful when compared to the '99 remaster.  I get the feeling they were trying to master this to sound like a vinyl LP, and I've noticed this with some other Mofi CDs and SACDs, but not all.  Personally I prefer a CD/SACD to be mastered to sound like the original master tape, but that's just my two cents.  If you're looking for an SRV album that Mofi did right, I recommend Couldn't Stand The Weather.
B0000542DJ|5.0|JFK. I don't review a lot of films on here, however one's that are the most notable I do, and JFK certainly falls into that catagory. Easily the best film of the 1990's, it is also one of the most influential. Directed by Oliver Stone (NATURAL BORN KILLERS, U-TURN, ALEXANDER) and starring Kevin Costner (WATERWORLD, THE POSTMAN, OPEN RANGE) as Jim Garrison, the ONLY public offical to conduct his own investigation into the assassination of the 35th president of the United States, John Fitzgerald Kennedy. The film opens with a great scene full of stock footage narrarated by Martin Sheen (WALL STREET) setting up a feel for the 1960's, Kennedy's administration, his dealings with the Soviets, the Cuban missile crisis, the Bay Of Pigs invasion, and the C.I.A.. And then goes in to November 22, 1963 the day of Kennedy's assassination. We see the events taking place as we would have seen them on television that day. New Orleans district attorney Jim Garrison watches too. Three years later the subject comes up again to Garrison and he discovers that accused assassin Lee Harvey Oswald, brilliantly played by Gary Oldman (BRAM STOKER'S DRACULA, SID & NANCY, THE DARK KNIGHT) spent the summer before the assassination right in Garrison's own backyard in New Orleans. Jim's investigation begins and takes him through a dark winding forest and right to the doorstep of the Central Intelligence Agency & the Military Industrial Complex. He then arrests a respected New Orleans buisness man and founder of the New Orlean's Trade Mart, Clay Shaw, played by Tommy Lee Jones (THE CLIENT, BATMAN FOREVER, NATURAL BORN KILLERS)for which he recieved an Academy Award nomination for \\"Best Supporting Actor\\". Garrison brings the only conspirator ever accused to trial for conspiring to murder JFK. The film is brilliant, engaging, thought provoking, stylish, expertly directed, wonderfully written, with top notch acting by an ensemble ALL STAR cast that also includes, Kevin Bacon(STIR OF ECHOES), Joe Pesci(CASINO), Sissy Spacek(CARRIE), Ed Asner(THE MARY TYLER MOORE SHOW), Jack Lemon(MY FELLOW AMERICANS), Walter Matthau(GRUMPY OLD MEN), John Candy(THE GREAT OUTDOORS), and Donald Sutherland(A TIME TO KILL). You have never seen a film like JFK<br />and you aren't likely to ever see another. One of the best films I've ever seen and is a film that every American should see as well.It will entertain and disturb you.It's a film of epic proportions, of great intensity, and unbridled passion. An instant classic that ranks right up there with CITIZEN KANE, GONE WITH THE WIND, SCHILNDLER'S LIST and all the rest of them. JFK, I believe the word \\"masterpiece\\" would be an understatement.CASINO), Sissy Spacek(CARRIE), Ed Asner(THE MARY TYLER MOORE SHOW), Jack Lemon(MY FELLOW AMERICANS), Walter Matthau(GRUMPY OLD MEN), John Candy(THE GREAT OUTDOORS), and Donald Sutherland(A TIME TO KILL). You have never seen a film like JFK  and you aren't likely to ever see another. One of the best films I've ever seen and is a film that every American should see as well.It will entertain and disturb you.It's a film of epic proportions, of great intensity, and unbridled passion. An instant classic that ranks right up there with CITIZEN KANE, GONE WITH THE WIND, SCHILNDLER'S LIST and all the rest of them. JFK, I believe the word \\"masterpiece\\" would be an understatement.
0765348276|1.0|There are good Science Fiction writers out there that don't curse Jesus name in vain through their Characters over and over again. I'm a couple hours into the audio book and they rip it pretty good in this book, I'll not buy Scalzi again.   Just letting any who care about this know.
0393064476|4.0|I enjoyed reading this book. The author likens renaissance scholars to detectives and treasure hunters. However, I have a little trouble  believing that the rediscover of an ancient manuscript really changed the world. The ancient conception of atoms is quite different that our present conception of atoms. At times, I think the author has fallen in love with his subject.
B005SFS4ZU|5.0|I saw the 25th anniversory and it blew me away, the music was fantastic, and I absolutly love raimin and sierra, but I didnt get why they used so many projection screens, but with a cast and crew of over 200 it was truly fantastic, I really thought they did well, very well, my favorite song was masquerade, and i cant wait for it too come out on DVD and Blue ray, and I know my mom will want the CD.
0882847953|5.0|Great Book.<br /><br />MANY MANY Professional SESSION drummers have worked out of this book, and teach from it as well.<br /><br />Page 38<br /><br />This page most session guys know by heart.  Just take a lesson from one and ask them about it.  Theyll play it off of the top of their head.<br /><br />OK - why is this book great?<br /><br />First:  It very much gives you Jazz phrasing / rhythms in a nut shell.  These rhythmic figures are very Jazz language based / representative.  There are MANY ways to use these rhythms - you need a GOOD teacher to show you how.  There is so much to apply this to, it just goes on and on.<br /><br />Buy this book and The Drummer's Complete Vocabulary As Taught by Alan Dawson.  Alans book goes into detail on the MANY ways to use Ted Reeds syncopation.<br /><br />Ask any professional Jazz drummer, and theyll say the same (OR MAYBE) they WONT until YOU PAY THEM FOR A PRIVATE LESSON.  Well, now you know for free.  Go knock yourself out and woodshed.  When it pays off thank me for this review.<br /><br />best of luck, have fun with it.
B0058VW36U|5.0|this is a great little puzzle game. had it on my iPhone and now android. my young kids play it and love it. fun little diversion for quick gaming moment. easily worth the cheap price.
B0051MKMNC|4.0|This is such a terrific movie!  It's fast paced, exciting, some parts will have you on the edge of your seat.  First movie I've seen where Bradley Cooper played the lead.  He's VERY good.  Robert DeNiro has a great cameo.  A really different type of story.  Very cool.  Highly recommend this film.
B004EPZ07U|5.0|As a life long Green Latern Fan, I have been very disappointed with past superhero movies.  But at last they got one right.  The actor, Ryan Reynolds, fit this role to near perfection.  The power  of the universe police squad 'The Green Lantern. past the test of how it was portrade in the comic books.  A few slight differences but close enough.  Today most super hero movies miss the mark with real actor's they get to corny (Green Horent was the worst).  But Ryan Reyonlds did this one perfect.  I hope there is a sequeal.  The problem being is not enough people went to see it, because Green Lantern as not as popular as Superman, Batman or Spiderman.  However this movie works. 5-Stars.....
B004UUKDNA|5.0|Foster the People should win Album of the Year! This album is easy to listen too from the get-go and I've been listening too it for a while now. It is very catchy, fast-paced, hybrid album from a very talented group. They manage to blend electronic elements very seamlessly with traditional instruments, somewhat like what Miike Snow has done, although this album is more upbeat, dance-able than that album, although I like both.  Overall, I think it is a fantastic musical feat from a new group! Like another reviewer has said, I would file this one under alternative/indie-dance rock. :)
B000FC1AGG|5.0|I absoultely LOVED this book! If your looking for a light and fun read this is your book! I acutally Laughed out Lound reading this book.. It has a cute story line too.
0345529057|5.0|Awesome books. Brand new boxed set. Amazing price considering part 5 is $35 by itself. They are each a top read and very hard to put down. TV show on HBO does ample justice to the books. Any fan of Lord Of The Rings, dungeons and dragons or medieval fantasy will be more than pleased with this series.
B005R32L66|5.0|the description says it doesn't works on atrix but actually its working now. it was updated about a month back and i m using it since then on my atrix. if amazon has a old version download it from android app store.
B004ZNARH4|4.0|Ok the Blu-Ray Mix in 5.1 and does Exist I was wrong???? What a Blast....? If you allready bought the SACD from 2003 like I did back there and your not an purist than NO need to get this whole collection....? So now in Blu-Ray and in 5.1  its really better and more Impressive than SACD?? I really wantet to have \\" Dark Side of the Moon \\" on Blu-Ray and ive got it. This Boxsett is acctually Quiet Impressive nice Collection but I do must agree the Price is a bit too much thats WHY only 4 Stars ?????
B005CKPQHA|5.0|This is a story about a guy who thought he could 'just' use his skills and cook a little speed and leave money for his family..This idea occurred as he was suddenly told he was dying soon, of terminal lung cancer, at about 45 years old. He got screwed financially -by his old pals-in a chemist patent (or something close to a patent). As a result, he is financially strapped  works as Cranston is now a high-school chemistry-teacher, his salary- 40k.<br />While he is living the low-budget life, the fake friends who just forgot him, are really livin large. They do insist that he come to their big parties, why I dont know.  And now,- when Cranston's wife spilled his terminal secret, they want to help him -now that he is dying. Make amends suddenly. He is not havin it.<br />Why people watch this is because it got beyond complicated. Cranston had to go over to the selling side of this drug-world hell when his young high-school student messed up the sales part of their partnership.  That is when it turned into a terrorizing sort of horror flick. (I dont like scary movies with ghosts etc..but this, is different, way different)<br />When Cranston has to man-up, you see a transformation that is mind-blowing. He OWNS the worst Mexican Cartel thugs that are about to kill him. We watch them decide to try. I believe these guys could be real. No, the USA is not talkin about Mexican cartel. But they are here. One of the scenes, a head on a skateboard is based on a true practice done commonly in Mexico. One of the more famous killers for the one of the real Cartels often decapitates and sends souvenirs around.  I no longer want to move closer to the border-out of the worst ozone where seasons are milder. I think I will stay in the cold north country. Even though no one is safe, not even in Vermont.<br />The whirlpool of events gives a believable picture of what drug dealing really is. See what is past the street corners and you go over to the wholesale side. It does not matter what role, in this world, that some person might think would be 'safe' to make a bit of fast cash. Thoughtful planning, great strategies- just dont pan out. Sleazy lawyers with brand new tricks fall flat. Seems everything fails. Clearly anyone involved, or just in the vicinity, can be killed--just to serve as a 'message' from competitors. Sure we have seen the 'let this massacre be a message to others, who would try to betray us' - this type of drug story has been told before.<br />Definitely its Cranston AND Aaron Paul, his right arm, that makes this into a sort of psycho-drama, along with too many others to mention. Aaron can not be denied as the  crazy, street smart right arm of the gritty Cranston, whose life is like a runaway train ready to fly off the tracks.<br />Its not /just/ violence-its a compelling story. Its too real to deny. In each episode I expect Walt to be killed, or someone around him killed. Close calls are all over the place. Oh yes, people die or get mangled real bad. You never know who is left, at the end of any episode.<br />I think the drug-sellin+ usin-life-- is presented intensely well here. Intensely well. Cranston started out thinkin he had a month or two to live. He thought that he would get a little money to leave to his sharp-cookie/cool wife, AND his brilliant kid with some special needs, AND even enough for the future of their suprise baby who arrived mid-life, truly not planned. Seemed to be a lot to do, but he got there pretty fast, and all seemed posed to end well.<br />Its a bizarre, wrenching mess that sort of turns into blackmail. If Cranston does not continue to produce-dot dot dot. His wife is not dumb. Cranston tried to keep his dealin sidejob secret from her. And eventually she gets siderailed as well, while he is 'out walking' too many hours, too many nites. She pushes to get him to open up to her, he pulls back and avoids the truth about where he 'goes.'<br />He argues that he does have cancer, why should he not be allowed to just take a 'walk' when he must...  She is just not diggin it.<br />Meanwhile, he learns to become at least as crazy acting- as the heavies who threaten him. The trained killers stir him to stand up, -face them down. Just a thrilling transformation of character. In my worst nightmrares.<br />\\"Walt's\\" stunning need to leave money for his family after he passes is hard to imagine. Where he gets this drive, to survive, while living with with terminal lung cancer.. As he sometimes chokes for air. He gets knocked down on the ground, kicked in the chest over and over, left in the dust choking.<br />still it goes forward, week by week.  Its twistingly realistic, truly sick, and it stays real, ugly just like ugly reality.<br />Its a brutal visual of what 'the life' really is not.<br />The fourth season is just as much on-the-edge, just as full of new/bizarre events, as the first three. Unbelievable.<br />Personally, I thought Sopranos was cheesy and 'full of drugs and violence,\\"- yet with no worries, predictable murders, sooh day-to-day. It tried to make the most greedy/base/-bunch -of meatheads- seem to have a good life. It worked if you like to see guys with blood in their fingernails eat interesting gourmet Italian food, and go back to it.  My opinion, Sopranos, were wanting to 'be all-Godfather,' and fell flat.<br />Instead, I see Breaking Bad as a true tragedy of events, NOTHING about it glorifies violence. No one enjoys the money being made. No parties, no fancy cars and vacaions and women throwing themselves around the guys.<br />Gut wrenching violence, new rules, old rules, it never gets slow and its never over. Drugs are shown to be a much deadlier business than most people can imagine or realize.<br />We generally are dulled by chronic stories of bad guys, with watered down content, or by the latest news updates. It seems that fairly young people actually listen to some of the dumbest rap, and watch some of the duller 'hood' videos on MTV. As if these fake rich guys and some cheap-acting young women are all actually drawn to the dream of livin-large-just driving around in 250 grand cars all day, doin nothin-what a load.<br />Breaking Bad blows that 'stoopit-stylin' fairytale to pieces.<br />The REALISM HERE is what draws me in.  People dont get rich, they die tryin. Its real drug life, most people/, most young people, know that.<br />But seein a family man stand up to a very angry cartel boss.. is stellar, if unlikely.  Cranston is tough enough, AND smart enough to hold the line.  Buy some time.  Minute by minute.ust take a 'walk' when he must...  She is just not diggin it.<br />Meanwhile, he learns to become at least as crazy acting- as the heavies who threaten him. The trained killers stir him to stand up, -face them down. Just a thrilling transformation of character. In my worst nightmrares.<br />\\"Walt's\\" stunning need to leave money for his family after he passes is hard to imagine. Where he gets this drive, to survive, while living with with terminal lung cancer.. As he sometimes chokes for air. He gets knocked down on the ground, kicked in the chest over and over, left in the dust choking.<br />still it goes forward, week by week.  Its twistingly realistic, truly sick, and it stays real, ugly just like ugly reality.<br />Its a brutal visual of what 'the life' really is not.<br />The fourth season is just as much on-the-edge, just as full of new/bizarre events, as the first three. Unbelievable.<br />Personally, I thought Sopranos was cheesy and 'full of drugs and violence,\\"- yet with no worries, predictable murders, sooh day-to-day. It tried to make the most greedy/base/-bunch -of meatheads- seem to have a good life. It worked if you like to see guys with blood in their fingernails eat interesting gourmet Italian food, and go back to it.  My opinion, Sopranos, were wanting to 'be all-Godfather,' and fell flat.<br />Instead, I see Breaking Bad as a true tragedy of events, NOTHING about it glorifies violence. No one enjoys the money being made. No parties, no fancy cars and vacaions and women throwing themselves around the guys.<br />Gut wrenching violence, new rules, old rules, it never gets slow and its never over. Drugs are shown to be a much deadlier business than most people can imagine or realize.<br />We generally are dulled by chronic stories of bad guys, with watered down content, or by the latest news updates. It seems that fairly young people actually listen to some of the dumbest rap, and watch some of the duller 'hood' videos on MTV. As if these fake rich guys and some cheap-acting young women are all actually drawn to the dream of livin-large-just driving around in 250 grand cars all day, doin nothin-what a load.<br />Breaking Bad blows that 'stoopit-stylin' fairytale to pieces.<br />The REALISM HERE is what draws me in.  People dont get rich, they die tryin. Its real drug life, most people/, most young people, know that.<br />But seein a family man stand up to a very angry cartel boss.. is stellar, if unlikely.  Cranston is tough enough, AND smart enough to hold the line.  Buy some time.  Minute by minute.
B005LBF7CY|4.0|I received this as soon as it was available for download. It was a great book and I really enjoyed the characters. Heloise is a great character and Martin is so easy to fall in love with. Another great book by Danielle that I really really enjoyed.
B001QTVKIA|5.0|I read this for a second time the other day. Personally, I think this is Dan Brown's best book. A good adventure story!<br /><br />-Vincent Hobbes
B000002LSV|5.0|Lots of great memories stream from my mind as I listen to this CD! Anyone who enjoys great electric guitar needs to own this and share the love with a friend.
B005HV6YO8|5.0|Sting: The Best of 25 Years is a really well-assembled collection among some of his finest musical gems.  Many of the songs are from both the 80's and the 90's.  My top three favorite songs in this collection are \\"We'll Be Together\\", \\"Fields of Gold\\", and \\"Whenever I Say Your Name\\".  \\"We'll Be Together\\" is a great musical story of meeting up with someone for a happy time.  \\"Fields of Gold\\" appears to be about experiencing the feeling of joy.  \\"Whenever I Say Your Name\\" is a good musical duet with Mary J Blige that seems to symbolize the strong emotional feelings of love.  Sting:The Best of 25 Years is best for many who like any of the songs by Sting.
0060765488|5.0|There is so much more information in the book than what you can see in the movie. This series of books are a wonderful collection for a young person to get involved in and have no ill effects.
B004XWLN20|5.0|I actually never started to watch this show until it had just started it's fourth season. My best friend got me to watch it with her and I was addicted right away. I always loved the story of Superman and this show was so touching to watch how a young farm boy turned into, perhaps the most famous super hero ever. I have seasons 1-9 but have to confess I still plan on getting this yet for the special features. Now yes it is true the show had some up's and down's, prime example Lana as a vampire in an episode of season 5 but overall the show was amazing and the last 3 seasons were beyond phenomenal. The finale was everything a fan of this show would have wanted and then some. As hard as it was to see it end it went out covering everything that you would want to see. All time favorite episodes would have to include:  Season 1 : Pilot, Nicodemus, Crush  Season 2: Red,Rush, Rosetta, Exodus  Season 3: Exile, Shattered, Legacy  Season 4: Crusade, Transference, Spell (yes Spell), Pariah, Blank, Commencement  Season 5: Arrival, Mortal, Vessel  Season 6: Zod, Arrow, Crimson, Phantom  Season 7: Bizarro, Gemini, Arctic  Season 8: Odyssey, Bride, Eternal, Doomsday  Season 9: Savior, Kandor, Salvation  Season 10: Lazarus, Homecoming, Luthor, Kent, Finale (Pt. 1 & 2)
B004EPYZZ8|5.0|This review is written by my 9 yr old daughter: This is a very amazing movie about a 13 yr old girl who lost her arm in a shark attack. It is very inspiring and amazing about how she got back up and surfed again. I love that she loves Jesus. I would recommend this for older kids because the attack was scary and there was blood.
B0055SWM08|5.0|this is a nice, relaxing timewaster that requires a bit of thought.  I usually don't have the sound on for games, but after the reviews, I turned it on and it is a nice companion to the gameplay.
B0050PYNN0|5.0|i think this is one of the MOST FUNNY movies i have seen in a long time<br />at its heart is a good \\"dungeon and dragon\\"( sword and sorcory) romp--magic monsters swords and demons<br />it is also a perverted (hysterical) take on those very convensions.<br />be aware it is VERY ADULT HUMOR  no nudity)<br />ENJOY
B000F8O35U|5.0|This is one of the Best Disney classics because it is such a fun story but original music as well. Beautiful and fun underwater scenes. A must for any family.
0896898288|5.0|The Farmers Wife has 111 different 6\\" blocks, with pattern & instructional CD, enabling one to create a beautiful quilt without the monotony of repeating blocks. Fun, can be created traditional or modern.
0671027573|5.0|This is my favorite Linda Howard book, though it has a few of the problems she's prone to, such as the hero and heroine detesting each other for the first two weeks of their acquaintance, then falling so rapidly in love that they're ready to marry by the end of the third week. But never mind that. This book has a bit of genuine suspense, though suspense is not Howard's strong point. The secondary characters are better rounded than in many of her other books. This is also Howard's first genuinely funny book, both in scenes and in dialog. My favorite line: Jaine demands that Sam stop holding her against her will, and he replies that he isn't, he's holding her against her car. The plot is fairly simple. Four women who work at the same company make a list of what they'd expect from the perfect man. One of them spills the beans and the next thing you know, The List has gone national, the women are interviewed on tv, and someone close to them decides that they deserve to die because of it. The stalking and killing commence, the remaining women are floundering, but Jaine and Sam's relationship ignites and keeps you riveted. It's lucky that Sam also happens to be a detective, so the matter is handled very expeditiously. The passion is great, the heat intense, and even BooBoo the cat is a treat when he isn't ripping up Jaine's couch. If you've never read Linda Howard, I'd start here.
B0007TKNL0|5.0|I really loved the movie. I've attended the Musical at Her Majesty Theater in London a month ago & it was amazing. This movie has refreshed my excitement again.
B005G4TJUC|3.0|Dark Side of the Moon, as others have pointed out, was not terrible. It had a lot of fun CG, plot, and action. My biggest complaints had more to do with Sam's constant screaming and/or ranting--and I mean CONSTANT--as well as the new girlfriend character. She was completely cardboard. I felt as though she added nothing to the movie aside from her good looks. At least the other girl had guts and grit and played a part in the action. This girl was just a pretty, blonde damsel in a white dress and pumps (oh, yeah--and don't forget the clunky black glasses for whenever the director wanted to show us she wasn't just a dumb hot chick. cheap. really cheap...)  My husband and I fast-forwarded through any relationship angst/talk between her and Sam--they seemed forced and insincere and they cluttered the movie in a weak attempt at a sub-plot. What could he see in her anyway(aside from the obvious)? She had no personality and just got in the way of the story. Yuck.  Otherwise, it was a fun no-brainer.
B0036T32LQ|1.0|The plot for this film is completely contrived. The entire plot relies on itself for advancement and framework, and doesn't follow any sort of universal logic or boundaries.   If you're a fan of mindless suspense, then you might enjoy this film, but if you expect your movies to provide you with a believable framework, don't bother.  The plot to this film is so outlandish and so poorly explained that it made it completely unenjoyable for me.   You basically figure out the entire scope of the movie within the first 30 minutes and then just watch what you predict unfold before your eyes in it's painfully contrived and cliche form.  Save your time and watch a different movie. This one is not worthy of your time.
B004EPZ08O|5.0|This is what we've been craving for 11 years! It is creative but that's not all... if you've read all my reviews of Final Destination after part 1 then you should know that I wish the sequels could be more Original... hell yeah this was Original! The most original thing about this was the main focus point which was to kill or be killed which basically meant that if you kill somebody you get there life and however long theirs lasts it could be seconds or it could be years!  Plot: After a crazy bridge collapse.... a group of young adults (Not Teens Anymore!!!!) must find a way to cheat death but the person who had the premonition sees when each person is going to die and with the help of Tony Todd they realize that they can take someone else's life to keep there own! Will it be uncertain death or surviving there final destination! Watch and find out!  Review: Epic and Amazing..... This movie can win over some of the most brutal and graphic death scenes I've seen in a long time! This also has my favorite opening premonition and it had a song playing that let you know that death was coming which I haven't seen since Part 2! This movie was totally refreshing and brilliant it had all good, clean aspects and had a great feeling to it as well!   Acting: This had amazing acting! And some of the sheer terror in the screams will send shivers up your back! Especially Jacqueline MacInnes Wood's (Olivia's) \\"Help Me\\" scream almost made me shed a tear... she was the best actor out of them all In My Opinion!  Gore: A whole lot of gore..... Impalements (my favorite being the sailboat death), a painful look melting body scene, bodies get sliced in half, a girl falls and snaps in half, a missing eye ball that pops when a car runs over it.... and much more... very, very brutal!  Bottom Line: Wicked awesome movie that doesn't hold back on it potential..... Check it out I believe it has some of the best special effects in a final destination movie as well!  Rated: \\"R\\" for strong violent/gruesome accidents, and some language  Is it worth the Buy on a scale of 1-10: 9  For the Movie itself on a scale of 1-5: 5
B0034G4P8A|4.0|I enjoyed the movie. Good action. Great looking lead man! I look forward to seeing him again in The Avvengers! Item arrived as promised.
B001GCUO4S|2.0|The Budget of this movie was $43 million according to IMDB (International movie data base) and that in my book is huge for an R-Rated movie especially a horror movie and what amazes me the most is that it made $186 million worldwide... how is that possible? This film wasn't even that good.... it is basically the biggest money maker worldwide in the Final Destination Series yet it In my opinion and I am sure I am not alone that this is the worst Final Destination of the series... but it was much better than Halloween II and I only say that movie because they both came out on the same day!  Plot: After a horrendous racing accident a group of survivors must fight death in an unoriginal and overdone story that lacks a lot of things..... Death after death the survivors soon realize that there is a pattern to the deaths according to where they were sitting the higher up you sat and survived the longer you would have to live!  Review: Boo.... I expected more from David R. Elis. Especially after his impressive \\"Snakes on a Plane\\" and this years decent creature feature \\"Shark Night 3D\\". The deaths were cool but looked completely fake especially the CGI blood that looks like it was made by a 9th grader while he was goofing off on a computer in a study hale for an hour!!! There is very few decent quality from this movie... the acting was okay.... the soundtrack was cool, and the death scenes were actually I have to say that I was only impressed by the creativity of a few death scenes the rest were unoriginal and stupid!  Acting: I only recognized Krista Allen (\\"Silent Venom\\" and \\"Feast\\".) She is a decent actor and the rest were as well but none of them really stuck out above the rest!  Gore: lots of fake blood and gore, people get crushed and burned several times, a rock has a rock blast through her eye, decapitations, and impalements, and lots more... I just wish it looked more real but I do believe this is the goriest/bloodiest out of them all!  Bottom Line: I don't know about this movie.... it was pretty bad but I didn't absolutely hate it.... it was a little under decent all in all.... but it was too unoriginal and cheesy that deducted a point right there!  Rated: \\"R\\" for strong violent/gruesome accidents, language and a scene of sexuality   Is it worth the Buy on a scale of 1-10: 4  For the Movie itself on a scale of 1-5: 2
B004K8WPUQ|4.0|I purchased this mic because I thought there was a free dead-cat promo.  It turns out that it doesn't anymore.  Oh well, it's still a good mic.  Much better than the on-camera mic of the 7D, even though I can't control AGC from the camera.
B000FQJAIW|5.0|If you are going to watch Star Wars, this is a good way to see it. One disk includes the new version (yuck) and one disk includes the original (yay!). No reason to watch the new version, but the original version is still on of the best movies ever made.
B004EBUXSA|5.0|Before I recently upgraded my system I was running and Intel Q6600 processor overclocked to 2.8Ghz.  I was really on the fence about upgrading since the previous system was so good.  However I started having stability issues after 3 years at 3.0Ghz and had to drop it to 2.8Ghz.  I was also starting to get artifacts in my video output that I was able to diagnose as a motherboard going bad.  Instead of replacing the board on a 3 year old machine, I just upgraded the whole thing.<br /><br />Here is the hardware I picked up:<br />- 2600K<br />- Coolermaster Hyper 212 heatsink/fan<br />- 2 x 4GB Gskill Ripjaws DDR1600  model F3-12800CL9S-4GBRL)<br />- Asus P8P67LE motherboard<br />- OCZ Modstream pro 600W modular PSU<br />- LIAN LI Lancool PC-K7B Case<br /><br />After years of overlocking - mainly in college - I've lost my taste for it for the most part.  Pushing computers to the outer fringe of performance, just to constantly battle with temperatures and stability just no longer became appealing to me.  Because of this, I wasn't going to go crazy with this processor.  At default voltage, I upped this processor to 4.4Ghz and it doesn't get above 55C at full load with the Hyper 212.  This processor stays cooler at 4.4Ghz than the Q6600 did at 2.8Ghz.  I could push the processor further, but it's so fast already that I don't see much of a point.  It handles everything I throw at it (including data heavy image processing and rendering) with aplomb.  I have had *zero* issues with stability since I built the system nearly a year ago.  There were some early firmware bugs with the motherboard, but ASUS has these ironed out now so you can buy with confidence.<br /><br />Clock speed is only half the story though.  Given that instructions per clock (processing efficiency) is much higher, and you're getting a much higher frequency, the cumulative benefit is HUGE.  I mainly use my computer for photo editing in Lightroom and Photoshop.  While generally very quick, there was noticeable lag when using some of the adjustment brushes in Lightroom with my older system.  That lag is completely gone with the newer system.  In various benchmarks, the new setup has almost twice the processing power of the old setup.  My Lightroom export time for ~450 5D Mark II RAW files has dropped from approximately 25 minutes to approximately 15 minutes.<br /><br />I'll also address the elephant in the room here - the 2500k.  The 2500k can be found for about $100 less than this processor and to be perfectly honest, it's a better value for most people.  They have the same number of processing cores, but the 2600k has hyperthreading.  This allows each physical core to take on two threads of data for an available *8* threads of processing while the 2500k can only handle 4.  So, if you find yourself frequently maxing out 4 processing cores, this processor will be a benefit to you by allowing you to some processing power while still running 4 full threads of data in the background.  This won't give you twice the computing power, but you might well get an additional 10-15% in some situations.  For me this means I can export photos from Lightroom (which uses about 70% of my 8 available threads) and still be able to work in Photoshop smoothly.<br /><br />Earlier on in the manufacturing process, there was speculation that the 2600k processors were \\"binned\\" higher than the 2500k - which meant they had more overclocking headroom.  However now that the process has matured, you can be pretty well assured they are both equal in terms of maximal clock speed.  This seems to be around 4.6-4.8Ghz with high end air cooling at safe voltages.<br /><br />By most objective measures, the 2500k and 2600k are the best high performance desktop processors you can buy today.  For just over $300, this will be the last processor you need for a long time.  Fully recommended.htroom with my older system.  That lag is completely gone with the newer system.  In various benchmarks, the new setup has almost twice the processing power of the old setup.  My Lightroom export time for ~450 5D Mark II RAW files has dropped from approximately 25 minutes to approximately 15 minutes.  I'll also address the elephant in the room here - the 2500k.  The 2500k can be found for about $100 less than this processor and to be perfectly honest, it's a better value for most people.  They have the same number of processing cores, but the 2600k has hyperthreading.  This allows each physical core to take on two threads of data for an available *8* threads of processing while the 2500k can only handle 4.  So, if you find yourself frequently maxing out 4 processing cores, this processor will be a benefit to you by allowing you to some processing power while still running 4 full threads of data in the background.  This won't give you twice the computing power, but you might well get an additional 10-15% in some situations.  For me this means I can export photos from Lightroom (which uses about 70% of my 8 available threads) and still be able to work in Photoshop smoothly.    Earlier on in the manufacturing process, there was speculation that the 2600k processors were \\"binned\\" higher than the 2500k - which meant they had more overclocking headroom.  However now that the process has matured, you can be pretty well assured they are both equal in terms of maximal clock speed.  This seems to be around 4.6-4.8Ghz with high end air cooling at safe voltages.  By most objective measures, the 2500k and 2600k are the best high performance desktop processors you can buy today.  For just over $300, this will be the last processor you need for a long time.  Fully recommended.
B005LY4B0A|5.0|Fun game, challenging levels, can be aggravating at times but satisfying when you see you're going to win. Well worth the dollar for the amount of time you'll kill on it.
B000YI7MRM|4.0|This is a sprawling mess of a film that attempts too much and so falls some way short, however it is still ruddy good. Based on the first three books of our eponymous hero Captain Alatriste (Viggo Mortenson), this is a swashbuckler from start to finish. It is also a sort of Spanish history lesson, it kicks off in 1622 and the fighting in Flanders, but soon jumps back to Spain and continues with the jumping all the way through.<br /><br />It also has a love interest or two and some darn fine acting. At one point Alatriste is told `You must change mare, the saddle is already occupied' - indicating his chosen bed mate is now seriously off limits. The attention to period detail is excellent and the costumes stunning, this is a film that has had a lot of money thrown at it, That may also be the problem it is just too ambitious and some may feel too long, as it runs to 135 minutes. That is not normally a problem, but with the constant jumps in the plot unless you are really hooked or committed, you may find your attention starting to wander, I watched over two sittings so was not too bothered. The fight scenes are really realistic, especially with so much use of daggers and swords, they do not stint on the blood spurts and it is not all trendy `300' graphics type blood either, but good old fashioned `hide behind the sofa' stuff.<br /><br />The tale is sprawling, but the emotions come across as very real. There is a lot of emphasis on honour, loyalty, love and patriotism. Director Agustin Diaz Yanez has made a good fist of trying to pull the books together, but maybe would have benefitted from doing three films instead of this encyclopaedic one. It is in Spanish with some very good sub titles, there is a bit of French too but nothing to fret about. If you like a bit of an historical swash buckler with some love and gore thrown in then you should give it a go - but best to go rental.
0385736002|4.0|I have been waitint a while to read this book it really appealed to me when I read the preview. Right off I enjoyed the character in the bbook and alot were introduced.The story is a fast paced because you understand right away that there is a time limit as a goal for the main characters not only do they have to save the book from the evil side,2 of the main charaters also need the book to keep from ageing and tyhey have 30 days before it is to late plus the twins have so much magic to master within that month. The whole book was in a span of just a few days. Even though the story flys by the way the author terlls the story it is easy to keep up with everything going on. I noticed right off that the storys plays out in 3 directions, one chapter tells of the main heros, the a chapter on the EVIL side, then a chapter on the another main hero try to get to the 1 st. At the end of each chapter is a chiffhanger for that character. This way the author can fit so much in in the short time the heros have.  But with the time limit the heros have and so much introduced so fast I do have to wonder if the other books will have alot of extra filler not really nessicary for the story to strech this story out in to the full 5 or 6 books. I have to wonder if, at the pace the author rights if the whole story could have been wrote in just 2 books.  But I did enjoy the story and look forward to reading the next.
0446547654|3.0|I agree with another person on here, the story reminded me of \\"Return to Me\\".  I loved how everyone was tied to each other in one way or another no matter how much Dawson tried to lay low.  The book was very predictable about 2/3 of the way in but it was still enjoyable to read.  Abee and Ted reminded me of the documentary on the White family from Boone Country, West Virginia.  Seeing the film about the White's made the Cole family more real to me.  It wasn't \\"Dear John\\" but it was an entertaining story none the less.
1416955070|5.0|This is the first book I have read by this author and I really enjoyed her writing. The book was simple enough to follow and getting to know the characters was enjoyable. The story line did remind me of other storys so the theme of the book was not very suprising but I did like the way the author took you into a differant world, opened your eyes to what could be out there. The main character was a young single parent teen who actually knew nothing about her self and right off the bat her mom disappears and she has to figure out who and what she is. She meets other yough new and interesting teens with some interesting abilitys and together they help her in the hunt for her mom and reopen her eyes to a world that her mom had blocked out of her mind, for her own safty. Discovering who she is and what she is is very hard for her because she was just thrown into a world she didn't know, well actually she did not remember exsited. Coming to terms with the fact that she knew nothing about her self and she had very little time to find out while she was on the hunt for her mother.  I enjoyed the story and how it played out and look forward to reading the rest of the series
B004RCUJ9E|5.0|Fantastic and addicting checkers game! Well worth the price and it's was a no brainer as a app of the day.
0316077054|4.0|I loved the first book!! Fast paced and wonderfully wrote. I love the characters and the way the author introduced them and what they were going through. The magic that put a spin on teen age love and heart break, I felt I was introduced to the character so well that i understood how they felt. The story really bring out the old saying love can conquer all. Eathan's love for Lena is the power point of the story, can his love save her?  The way the author put the story right in the old south and it's history that was so important to the town that Ethan grew up in but in the shadows the history gos so much more deeper than the mortals of the town thought. I love that this small town has such a rich history that the people were proud of but under that was a history so much richer than mosty knew. On top of the deep history of the civil war the town was so proud of and the wonderfull history of magic blended together great. But on top of all that history is the first love teen story. Ethan loves Lena so deeply and their connection was so strong but still was it enough to save Lena from her self. While Ethan trys to figure out how to save the caster girl he loves so much Lena fight within her self is heart breaking. Growing up to believe she had no choise in her life, that in a matter of a heart beat she could become everything she wants or everything she hates. The sixteen moons song was perfect for this story and then to find out why the teens kept hearing it and where the mystery song had come from was wonderful. Ethan would rish anything and everything to save Lena and at a few points i nthe story it seemed that if not for Ethan Lena would have just given up and stopped fighting for her self and all that she is and ever wanted to be. Ethan's love faught for her and proved to her that she had the choise all along. Lena was Lena she was her self!!!
B001N1DPDE|5.0|Excellent knife!!  Full tang blade is thick and is great for batoning. Blade is plenty sharp but I resharpened to convex edge. Grips aren't bad but a little slick...it could stand a stippling job or change over to G-10 or micarta.  At the very least use loc-tite on the grip screws so you won't lose a screw or have it get loose on you at an inopportune time.  In my opinion, the sheath is where Ka-Bar went cheap but I guess they did it to keep the price down.  There are many options for sheaths and inexpensive modifications for the existing sheath, just have to look them up online.  Overall, for the price, this is an excellent knife for woodland and general camping uses.  I'm very happy with it!
0385341679|2.0|I fell in love with this series from the first page. This was the first time I had read a story from this point of view of fariys. They are not all nice and beautiful. After reading the previous books I couldnt wait to get my hands on this one. But I was a bit disapointed right away. Since it had been several months since I had read the last book in the series and no longer had it to go back and review where the story left off. When I begand to read right away I was very confused and really was not sure what was going on. From the very first page I felt that Mac was not the Mac that I left off with in the last book. The beginning of the story everything was confusing and at first I felt I was reading a book that had nothing to do with the series that I loved. It took several chapters to figure out what was going on and what had happened. I really liked Mac in the previous books but this book felt like Mac was a stranger, from the first page it was not the Mac I thought I knew. I almost gave up on the book because the first few chapters just went in confusing circles and I was trying to find the character from the last book. It felt like she was a totally new charater being introduced.  Even thought I did not like the firest several chapters I kept on bceause I still wanted the questions answered. I was not very impressed at what I learned none of it felt like a suprise I sadly felt that most of the book was just \\"filler\\" to finsih the series but now it left off that there could be another book.. I thought this was the last in the series and if it isn't I am not sure what the author could say to keep the story alive and fresh because I really felt this was the end that everything was answered.
B004EPZ00W|5.0|Moneyball is not a conventional sports movie that ends with a team winning the big game.  It is a film that shows the highs and lows of the game of baseball.  Brad Pitt stars as Billy Beane.  He is the general manager of the Oakland Athletics.  His task is to rebuild the team after three star players leave in 2002.  A statistics expert. named Peter Brand. helps him do this.  He is played by Jonah Hill.  Both actors give the best performance of their careers in this film.  The relationship between these two main characters is the main syrength of the film.  They work as a team to build the best team possible.  The method of selecting players is clever.  They look for players who possess certain baseball skills that can help the A's  win.  These are players who are either over looked or passed their prime playing years.  Phillip Seymour Hoffman has a supporting role as the coach of the team.  He has some good moments here, but this movie centers around the relationship between Beane and Brand.  I don't understand much about baseball.  However, that did not prevent me from enjoying this film.  The music is entirely instrumental in this film.  There is one piece of music that is particularly excellent.  An instrumental band called This Will Destroy You perform a instrumental piece entitled \\"The Mighty Rio Grande\\" .  It has a steady uplifting drum beat  This piece  has a quiet intensity that I love.  The rest of the music is provided by Mychael Danna.  His score is superb.  Moneyball is one of the best films of 2011.
B0050QV0RQ|5.0|Simply the best game out there!  For the value of your money it can't be beat! Hours upon hours of game play available.
B005KMX866|5.0|\\"Beyond The Sun\\" will reach and delight a wide audience of people. Older listeners will remember the original songs.  Younger people will appreciate these covers performed by Chris Issak. My favorite is \\"Live It Up\\".  This is not a classic song, but it has the same upbeat tone of a song from the fifties.  His guitar playing on this track is superb. Chris covers the Roy Orbison classic \\"Oh Pretty Woman\\".  This is one of my all time favorite songs.  This is the best tribute for pretty women every where. \\"Great Balls Of Fire\\" is a song that makes me want to dance.  The keyboard playing is excellent on this track. \\"Can't Help Falling In Love\\" is simply one of the best love songs of all time.  Chris really moves me on this song. Chris covers a few  Johnny Cash tunes here.  He sings the song \\"Ring Of Fire\\" with such liveliness and expression.  \\"I Walk The Line\\" is one of the coolest country tunes ever. Chris introduces me to a new song entitled \\"Dixie Fried\\".  I have never heard this before, but I love it. It is a song about a man who is fearless. \\"That Lucky Old Sun\\" is another song I have never heard before.  It is the kind of song that soothes my mind.  This song is so laid back.  I love the way Chris croons this tune. \\"I Forgot To Remember To Forget\\" is a song about how a woman can stay on a man's mind forever.  The bass playing is great on this track.  \\"Miss Pearl\\" is a song that pumps me up with energy. Issak rocks on the guitar on this track.  \\"Miss Pearl\\" sounds like a brand new song. It definitely does  not sound like a fifty year old tune. This is all because of the spirited delivery of the song.  This is great rock and roll music.
0439023513|4.0|I just read the whole series over the weekend, and I'm absolutely in love with the story!!!  It's so riveting and crazy, and I was rarely ever bored.  The beginning of the 2nd book was slow, but it definitely picked up later on.  All the amazing twists and turns in the story makes it so much fun to read.  The only thing I dislike about the books is that they're hard to follow sometimes.  I got lost trying to understand what exactly was going on.  Perhaps it was because I was reading kind of fast, but I wish she fleshed out her story a little more.  She needed to add more detail in some places to help us understand what was going on.  While the overall ending was what I was expected, I wish she gave us more time in the end to re-adjust after the aftermath of the war.  I felt like it ended so abruptly, and I wish it gave more detail to help give me that \\"it's ending\\" feeling.  I felt like she left me hanging and scratching my head.
B003L77GGK|5.0|Really love the supernatural series, and the excellent customer service from Amazon.  It is a great series to watch if you like the \\"supernatural\\"
B000VH3FV8|5.0|I had this collection for years and unfortunately it disappeared. I searched frantically for it and couldn't find it. I went on amazon.com to try and find it...I DID!!!! If you are a true Luther fan there is no way you should be without it...Girls Scouts Honor!!! Trust me on this one, you will treasure it forever.
0765365278|4.0|The Way of Kings is remarkable even for this halcyon age for the doorstopper epic fantasy in which we live.  Sanderson openly pitched it as a 10 volume series.  The hardcover dwarfs the collected first eight volumes of The Walking Dead, the collected first three volumes of the Temeraire series, and the collected Chronicles of Narnia on my bookshelf.  Sanderson doesn't ease us in with a slowly growing, expanding storyline to rope us in; he jumps right in with multiple storylines and massive world-building.  I think Sanderson has the success of Robert Jordan and George R.R. Martin as much as his own success with Mistborn to thank for the opportunity.<br /><br />And it truly is a masterpiece of world-building.  The world of The Way of Kings bears scant resemblance to our own.  The defining characteristic of the continent of Roshar is the highstorms that sweep across it from east to west every few days (even the continent is shaped like the Carolina Hurricanes logo).  The highstorms leave the eastern part of Roshar broken, but they also provide the magical \\"fuel\\" for the eastern nations.  The storms are so frequent and intense blades of grass retract into the ground and other plants have exteriors best described as shells.  The effect of the highstorms fades to the west, to the extent that the westernmost country does resemble our world (considered highly exotic by the rest of Roshar).<br /><br />The Way of Kings follows three main characters: Kaladin, a surgeon turned soldier turned slave; Dalinar, an Alethi Highprince; and Shallan, a young noble seeking to study under Dalinar's niece in a desperate attempt to save her family.  Kaladin is given particular attention through numerous flashbacks.  Interims to the main parts follow a variety of other characters, including a deadly assassin with a mysterious past and a tortured present.<br /><br />Sanderson also builds a rich history and mythology--almost too rich.  I spent much of the first third of the book and the final few chapters trying very hard to figure out what was going on (and frequently consulting the map).  But much like in The Wheel of Time, the history and mythology of Roshar promises to be central to the story.<br /><br />The plot itself hardly breaks new ground, but it's all well done.  Writing brooding, tortured characters is extremely difficult for authors not named Dostoyevsky, but Sanderson does it very well here.  The Way of Kings climaxes with a large battle deftly featuring two of protagonists and follows it with a series of twists managing to both bring things into greater focus and break them wide open.<br /><br />On the downside, while the magic system and shardblades/shardplate are very inventive, they are also very video game-esque.  Which I think detracts somewhat from a world, mythology, and story that appear to be incredibly rich and complex and from Sanderson very astutely and subtly exploring human nature.  But I can forgive a lot of that because it makes for some really great action sequences.to figure out what was going on (and frequently consulting the map).  But much like in The Wheel of Time, the history and mythology of Roshar promises to be central to the story.  The plot itself hardly breaks new ground, but it's all well done.  Writing brooding, tortured characters is extremely difficult for authors not named Dostoyevsky, but Sanderson does it very well here.  The Way of Kings climaxes with a large battle deftly featuring two of protagonists and follows it with a series of twists managing to both bring things into greater focus and break them wide open.  On the downside, while the magic system and shardblades/shardplate are very inventive, they are also very video game-esque.  Which I think detracts somewhat from a world, mythology, and story that appear to be incredibly rich and complex and from Sanderson very astutely and subtly exploring human nature.  But I can forgive a lot of that because it makes for some really great action sequences.
B0042816YK|5.0|Wonderful movie about a woman trying to find her passion for life by spending a year going to different locations in the world.  Very honest and thoroughly enjoyable to watch.
0385534639|5.0|Great book, beautifully written. Couldn't put it down, filled with dreamlike imagery that stay in your mind.  Is there a sequel?
B004GJDQT8|1.0|I was disappointed with this app. There isn't any way to filter the results of a search (for example, display only items with Free Super Saver Shipping). You can only narrow a search by department.  The mobile web site is much better than using this app. I don't understand why an app would have less functionality than the mobile web site. Uninstalled.
B000UUNHZU|5.0|This is a very good copy of the book.  The outside is very pretty and very sturdy (definitely not cheapo cardboard). Also, the paper is high quality.  Looks like an antique book without the antique fragility.<br /><br />Received much sooner than expected too, in two weeks instead of the month Amazon said it would take.
B0047Y17P2|3.0|I gave \\"The Reversal\\" a two star rating because I thought it was a truly disappointing minor effort by this skilled author. \\"The Fifth Witness\\" is marginally better, so I'll give it three stars -- but I recognize that I may be showing unwarranted generosity.  I liked the first Mickey Haller novel, but subsequent outings have been poor by comparison. I think the problem is Haller himself, a protagonist whose character development has been neglected in favor of a complicated \\"then this happened\\" sequence of adventures that are often not credible. At the end of \\"The Fifth Witness,\\" Haller is poised to run for Los Angeles County District Attorney. Gimmick. I am pretty sure I won't be reading that one.  The best thing in this book is the teaser selection from the author's next Harry Bosch novel. Not that Michael Connelly needs career advice, but I will invite him to consider the possibility that Haller should be disbarred and Bosch should be given one or two more interesting and complicated crimes to solve before being allowed to retire from the force.
B00003CXTG|4.0|Is this a true reflection of what happened during WW2? No. This is not a documentary, this is a Hollywood movie about it with plenty of spin offs. If you don't like that, then you don't want to watch it. But if your expectation is to get entertained by the war actions and the story of relationships among the characters, I can definitely recommend this to you. One thing to note, this is a long movie that requires 2 DVDs to view.
B0050F6JQE|5.0|First Impression, after listening to disks 10 & 9:<br />You won't be disappointed with this 10-CD selection of the vocal polyphony of Tomas Luis de Victoria (1548-1611). I've listened to only two of the ten CDs so far, and I don't plan to rush through the others, chiefly because this music is so concentrated in its perfection that I need time to re-hear each piece in my musical memory before flash-flooding it away with something else. What I can say at this point is that Ensemble Plus Ultra has found the magic of Victoria, a composer who blended austerity with sweetness, magnificence with levity as well as any composer of the late Renaissance. Victoria may have studied with Palestrina; he's often been labeled the \\"Spanish Palestrina\\" and his compositional vocabulary is closer to Palestrina's than to anyone else's. But to my ears, Victoria is the greater master and the more emotionally expressive. This performance, at any rate, tips the balance of comparison toward Victoria.<br /><br />Some of the 'magic' comes from the fact that all but one of the ten CDs feature one-voice-per-part singing by a capella of exquisitely trained and matched voices. Only Disk 7 features massed voices and instruments (the brass of  His Majestys Sagbutts and Cornetts), and that's one of the disks I haven't yet heard. It can be argued that Victoria had access to far larger ensembles of voices in his own musical world, but this is 2011 and a different world. No large choir in operation today could possibly claim the professionalism of the choirs of the Counter-Reformation. Besides, the recording technology hasn't yet been developed that can make a large choir sound realistic issuing from your home speakers. One-voice-per-part si the only worthy option for this polyphony. Victoria had a particular craft in composing for ensembles of six or eight voices, and that's what you'll hear on most of these CDs. The singers of Plus Ultra are nearly all English, or at least anglophones; believe me, that unity is one of the ensemble's strengths, since the vowels of Victoria's Latin need to match like synchronous bar codes in order to resolve into such exquisite tuning.<br /><br />First Update: Oops! I should have read the little print more carefully! I just listened to CD1 of the set; there are cornetti and trombones all over the place - not the instruments of His Majesty but very able players. There's also an organ in the mix and some of the singing might be two on a part. The ensemble is nonetheless very tight, but the sound gets just a bit scrappy with all those frequencies to process. So I won't retract either my admiration for the whole performance or my assertion that one-on-a-part is the best option. CD 1 features the Missa pro victoria for nine voices and the Miss pro defunctis for four voices, plus a six-voice setting of the Psalm 137, Super flumina Babylonis, possibly the single most often gloriously set Psalm of the whole polyphonic repertoire.<br /><br />Second Update: CD2 contains several motets and a selection of sections of from Victoria's very extensive composition for Tenebrae services on the three evenings of Holy Week -- Officium Hebdomadae Sanctae -- all settings of verses of the Lamentations of Jeremiah. The Lamentations constitute a distinctive repertoire in Renaissance and Baroque music, a repertoire that includes some of the most expressive music ever written. But this recording is a surprising disappointment. Ensemble Plus Ultra has chosen to sing the polyphony with two or three voices per part, as a massed choir, and the result is turgid, monotonous in rhythm and stodgy in affect. Of course there are the usual problems of sound quality. As a stand-alone CD, this performance wouldn't get better than three stars from. And in this case, we can offer a comparison: Ensemble La Colombina, arguably the real nec plus ultra of Spanish vocal consorts, has combined with a chant choir Schola Antiqua to record the entire Officum Hebdomadae Sanctae of 1585, on three CDs on the Glossa label. La Colombina's performance is 'ears and tail' more exciting and more musically insightful than this one.<br /><br />Third Update: I wish the notes were more specific about who is singing what and when. The third CD includes two half-hour-long masses, a magnificat, and a brief antiphon, and the singing is remarkably suave on all of them, far more pleasing to my ears than that on CD 2. The Missa Gaudeamus a 6 is a gorgeous piece of joy (Gaudeamus = we rejoice); I 'think' it's sung one-on-a-part here; if it isn't, it's brilliantly executed in ensemble. The other pieces are all two or three on a part -- again I 'think' -- but quite satisfactory in timbre.<br /><br />Fourth Update: CD7 contains a 'program' of music that might have been performed at an Easter Sunday service of the utmost magnificence: Victoria's Missa Laetatus Sum (Missa I Rejoiced) in twelve voices; his 12-voice motet setting of Psalm 122, which begins with the phrase Laetatus Sum; his 12-voice Magnificat sexti toni; four more liturgical compositions for eight voices; and the Hymn setting Ad Cenam Agnus Providi for four voices. This is the CD that makes most ample uses of instruments -- sackbutts, cornetti, and organ -- not to double the voices but to perform as one of two or three 'choirs' antiphonally. Contrary to most people's expectations, 12-voice polyphony is not inherently more complex than 4-voice or five-voice polyphony; in fact, it's often less daring in rhythms and especially in harmonies. Instead, it's broad and grand, intended to be massively resonant and to demonstrate the magnificence and munificence of its patrons, whether secular or ecclesiastic. The finest exception to that pattern is the Missa 'Et ecce terrae motus' a 12 by Antoine Brumel, the celebrated \\"Earthquake Mass\\" which has never yet be recorded as brilliantly as it deserves. Victoria's 12-voice polyphony isn't as original as Brumel's but it's splendidly dramatic and expressive, among the true masterpieces of the genre. This performance of it is overwhelming! Awesome! Sound engineering, as I've said before, isn't quite up to the challenge of such music yet; you'll hear a wee bit of distortion even on the finest system, and you'll wish you could hear the music in three dimensions as you would in a proper live performance, but this is as good as any ensemble or sound studio can provide at present.585, on three CDs on the Glossa label. La Colombina's performance is 'ears and tail' more exciting and more musically insightful than this one.<br /><br />Third Update: I wish the notes were more specific about who is singing what and when. The third CD includes two half-hour-long masses, a magnificat, and a brief antiphon, and the singing is remarkably suave on all of them, far more pleasing to my ears than that on CD 2. The Missa Gaudeamus a 6 is a gorgeous piece of joy (Gaudeamus = we rejoice); I 'think' it's sung one-on-a-part here; if it isn't, it's brilliantly executed in ensemble. The other pieces are all two or three on a part -- again I 'think' -- but quite satisfactory in timbre.<br /><br />Fourth Update: CD7 contains a 'program' of music that might have been performed at an Easter Sunday service of the utmost magnificence: Victoria's Missa Laetatus Sum (Missa I Rejoiced) in twelve voices; his 12-voice motet setting of Psalm 122, which begins with the phrase Laetatus Sum; his 12-voice Magnificat sexti toni; four more liturgical compositions for eight voices; and the Hymn setting Ad Cenam Agnus Providi for four voices. This is the CD that makes most ample uses of instruments -- sackbutts, cornetti, and organ -- not to double the voices but to perform as one of two or three 'choirs' antiphonally. Contrary to most people's expectations, 12-voice polyphony is not inherently more complex than 4-voice or five-voice polyphony; in fact, it's often less daring in rhythms and especially in harmonies. Instead, it's broad and grand, intended to be massively resonant and to demonstrate the magnificence and munificence of its patrons, whether secular or ecclesiastic. The finest exception to that pattern is the Missa 'Et ecce terrae motus' a 12 by Antoine Brumel, the celebrated \\"Earthquake Mass\\" which has never yet be recorded as brilliantly as it deserves. Victoria's 12-voice polyphony isn't as original as Brumel's but it's splendidly dramatic and expressive, among thetrue masterpieces of the genre. This performance of it is overwhelming! Awesome! Sound engineering, as I've said before, isn't quite up to the challenge of such music yet; you'll hear a wee bit of distortion even on the finest system, and you'll wish you could hear the music in three dimensions as you would in a proper live performance, but this is as good as any ensemble or sound studio can provide at present.
B004G600A4|5.0|I like the mix of comedy, action, and drama in this movie. The graphic is very nice too as expected for something that Disney produces.<br /><br />As you can probably guess, this is not a real Rapunzel story. This is a Disney's version of Rapunzel, which I think is better. If you prefer a real, authentic Rapunzel story, this movie is not for you. If you get offended by a strong female character story, this isn't for you either. Unlike the original story, this Rapunzel is not a damsel in distress.
B004QZ9PLU|4.0|Nicholas Sparks' novels have that kind of pull on me that makes them hard to put down, and it doesn't matter even if I can already predict what's going to happen (most of the time).  The Best of Me is no exception.  It talks about all kinds of love - young love, love that spells forever, a mother's love...It talks about forgiveness, friendship, family.  It has got all my \\"awww\\" factor, and it definitely delivers!
B0055B0MIO|3.0|The album isn't as great as Shogun. It's a little too long. Also, if you'd think the album would be less boring because of the abundance of clean vocals, you're wrong. The only two tracks that stood out to me were In Waves and Caustic Are the Ties That Bind. I miss Ascendancy.
B005FUTBWS|4.0|In an era of bloated unnecessary remakes a director takes a shot at reflecting our times and successfully breaks out of his own comfort zone.  Without a doubt this is Smith's best work dialogue wise what he and his actors achieve is believable and entertaining aside from the new found competence he shows visually.  Obviously movies aren't made alone and this was clearly a labor of love for many involved, and you can feel a more assured hand behind the writing and all of the other production. The entire method of shirking the studio marketing middle men and searching for exhibitors on their own couldn't have been attempted on a better work it just fits the material.  There is a great deal of dark humanity and truth in many scenes with Goodman(for me his finale with his superiors feels like forced exposition however), but Michael Parks gets to mumble, drawl and sing his way into cinema legend with his complete command of the screen and character.  Kevin also does a good job with the script keeping a fairly even tone and taking unexpected side routes at every turn , just like he did at Sundance which makes for a terrific extra as do the few deleted scenes and the plethora of commentaries.  Politics aside if there is a message it is that any of us can be the villain and many of us are unknowingly and knowingly.
0618154043|4.0|\\"Unfinished Tales\\" is another Christopher Tolkien posthumous publication of his father's unpublished works. First published 30 years ago, the book helps fill in some gaps in the mythology of Middle-Earth that remained after the publication of the \\"Silmarillion.\\" Some of the more notable items include: Stories of Numenor from the second age, the history of the Palantir, a detailed account of how Isildur lost the One Ring and an explanation of Gandalf's \\"race\\" - which really helps to explain how his reincarnation in \\"The Two Towers\\" was possible. The language in the book can be as difficult to slag through as the \\"Silmarillion\\" at times and really won't be enjoyed by individuals who are simply casual fans of Tolkien's work. The fact that most of the tales are incomplete can leave you frustrated as it requires Tolkien's son to insert editorial comments - which can be distracting. A great read for hardcore Tolkien/Lord of the Rings fans, but the rest may wish to leave this \\"unfinished.\\"
B004L35GAQ|5.0|I initially purchased this CD after hearing the song \\"Sail\\".  Unlike most modern music, this CD is wonderfully produced, not highly compressed, and sounds great on my hifi rig.  As for the rest of the songs, each is kind of unique and not like \\"Sail\\".  Although they are different, I have a feeling a few others may grow on me.
B000A2RRF4|5.0|Can't believe it's been almost 3 years. Anyway, this concert originally aired on HBO back in '89 and I can remember watching it back then, awed by the endless throng of fans, by the pomp and splendor and majesty of this man's mystique, and by the production values dedicated to each and every one of his numbers, which are absolutely unbelievable. This guy was not only the greatest dancer who ever lived, he was an iron man. The energy he puts into each and every song in this concert is like a James Cameron film jacked up on steroids. Mike was an alien.<br /><br />Looking at it now makes me appreciate just how great this guy was as a performer and the black hole his death created in the entertainment world. This guy was a superstar from the time he was nine years old to the time of his death a couple of years ago, going from being a cute mini James Brown back in the early Seventies to the tall, supernaturally gifted dancer AND SINGER whose fans, unlike himself,remained as young as they were when he was a kid. Truly, his songs provide a soundtrack for my life, each one brings back a specific memory of where I was, my school, old friends I used to know back in my old neighborhood I grew up in, good memories as well as bad his songs were always around marking time. Regardless of what was published, true, untrue, or strange, about his personal life, there was no denying the pureness of his songs, songs about love and innocence, songs you don't have to bleep because of all the curse words, songs any kid of any age can listen to, songs about magic as he himself was magic and a miracle. I heard an interview he did where he spoke on immortality saying that he tried to put everything he had into each of his songs, to fuse his soul to them, and that this was his way of achieving immortality. Listening to his songs on this video it's like he's still here. Thanks, Mike.
B005M92MJ6|5.0|Personally, I am not a fan of long winded reviews, so I will keep it short and to the point.....  ...Another laser guided endeavor from Maynard James Keenan and as always it fills a void that you never thought was there....spend the 8 bucks and you my friend will posses another small yet filling slice of his absolute brilliant song writing and lyrical abilities.....  Rock on Mr. Keenan, rock on!!!   Oh, and his wine is pretty damn tasty as well!!!  If he starts producing cigars and scotch, I will be one happy consumer!!  Cheers!!
B003IWZ1D8|5.0|Not Hitchcock's best, but probably his most commercial and well-known of all his black and white thrillers. And I do mean thriller. Even after all the copycats since, the film has lost none of its powers to evoke the most primal fears in all of us.<br /><br />Psycho is about false appearances and how we are deceived by them. How a beautiful normal looking woman can all of a sudden just snap and do something evil out of the blue. This, along with split-personality disorders, is what Psycho is all about. About the vast gulf separating those who may do something on a whim, such as cheating on their taxes, ripping a DVD, etc., and those who are genuinely psychotic.<br /><br />This is one of Hitchcock's best looking black and white films, more shades of gray as though to amplify the ambiguous nature of good and evil, that good and evil resides in all of us in various proportions.<br /><br />But philosophy and metaphor aside, Psycho is a great film for the ages created in a time where there were no gimmicks like 3D or cgi to hide behind. A classic in every sense of the word and worth the 12 bucks or so you can buy it here for. Lastly, for those who haven't seen this movie and are sitting on the fence because this is an \\"old\\" movie in black and white, remember that color had been around for decades before this movie was made and that black and white was a style choice, as it is when it's used today. There's no such thing as an old movie anyway because if you haven't seen it it's new. Plus, who'd want them to mess up a great film like this with color or, heaven forbid, 3D or cgi? Great fun movie.
B004G600A4|4.0|My granddaughter loves this movie.  I have a VCR in the car and when we go somewhere, Tangled has to go with us!  All she wants for Christmas is Repunzel, Eugene and Max!
B002ZCY7SW|5.0|I received my order promptly, very good price.  Definitely will order more from this website.  Reliable...with a very quick turn-around.
B004HO6I4M|4.0|MY 3 YEAR OLD GRANDDAUGHTER CANNOT GET ENOUGH OF THIS MOVIE.  IT IS CUTE AND I REALLY DON'T MIND HER WATCHING IT!
B005KAH7QU|3.0|The beginning and the end were atrocious...but the middle was pretty darn good. It definitely has that independent/low budget film feel, but the characters are well acted and the storyline was something new. It's difficult to come up with new stories these days, everything has been done at least once I feel like. But as I said, the beginning and the end were just terrible. **potential spoiler alert** The father and daughter wouldn't have been chased by the government if they hadn't pressed that stupid button...why they couldn't simply integrate themselves back into society quietly is beyond me. It would have been a better story if they had tried to do so, and failed. It was silly that they purposefully called attention to their whereabouts.
B001DPC52C|3.0|I was looking for the European version includes 22 tracks, information that is available for purchase is wrong, in the tracklist appears as disc 1 and disc 2 should be noted that 2 is a DVD! is my mistake but the information should be better!
B005H9B2CE|1.0|Terrible. Simply terrible. I can't even really think of anything to write about this movie other than the visual effects were pretty nifty.
B000AJIAOO|5.0|I searched this album for years, I wanted the special edition is a shame not to have found it on Amazon, this is great, I recommend it!
0553386794|5.0|I was skeptical of this book as I knew of the graphic nature of the content, and I wasn't familiar with the author. When I finally decided to read it, however, I was blown away by the power of the story and how attached I got to certain characters. There are very few, if any, cookie cutter good and bag guys in this story. Good people do bad things, bad people do good things, and sometimes it's the guy with the worst issues that you find yourself rooting for in the end. I was deeply immersed in the plot, though it did start out slow in the beginning, once the pace picked up I was hooked. I was a bit daunted by the extreme number of characters involved in the story; I was getting very confused, but towards the middle things started to straighten out in my mind and I was back on track again. Overall, marvelous read, absolutely amazing! I dare say I have never read a better story and can't wait to read the second book.
0738212415|5.0|This has got to be the BEST book on learning how to draw ever. I have bought a lot of different books on drawing and this one is by far the best. I love the lessons, they are really fun and you also learn a lot. It shows you how to draw a basic shape, turn it into 3D then shows how to make something out of it. Like cube into a treasure chest or a foreshortened circle into a rose. I can't recommend this book enough to people who want to learn to draw or started then ended up quitting and wants to pick it back up again.
B000NQRE0K|3.0|I saw Braveheart when it came out in the theater. I was about 14 or 15 at the time. I feel this is the perfect age to see Braveheart. All the cliches, the historical inaccuracies, all the flaws were lost on me. I was totally into the story, the violence, the bits of humor, the sweeping epicness.  Now that I'm older I see for the most part what a hammy, hollywood mess this movie is, and I get why people don't like it. I catch all the little mistakes, the Irish instead of Scottish pipes, the glaring historical stuff, etc.  But I still remember sitting in the theater being swept up in it. This is the ultimate teenage boy fantasy movie, nothing more.
B001LF3YQK|5.0|I came on here to order a second case because I love the first so much. The first is staying in my diaper bag, the second will be for my changing table to hold wipes when I buy them in big bulk bags. I saw some reviews that said the big red button didn't slide. I was disappointed by that at first too, until I realized it's actually a very smart design where if you push down on one side of the button while sliding it, it unlocks it. The button is supposed to be locked in place when it's closed to prevent it from accidentally sliding open and drying out the wipes. It is a bit bulky, but it also holds a lot of wipes. I haven't had any problems with it popping open or the snap coming undone. I love this thing!
B005LY4B0A|5.0|Very fun & can get challenging as you learn to strategize & try to free all the bugs in as few moves as possible
B004SKHJF2|2.0|This went through an update and now I no longer have the widget. Not available on my list anymore, just an app icon
0515142247|5.0|Lee Child has a way with words. This is his second novel with recurring character Jack Reacher. A bit more graphic than his following books. It is an excellent read.
1891252089|5.0|This is an awesome book for practicing Ashtanga yoga!   This book is a great visual guide for the Ashtanga poses. It also provides vital information for the background of Ashtanga and what different words mean.   I LOVE that it breaks down some options for 15/30/longer routines so you can practice no matter how much time you have.   I do feel that the book made more sense after learning the practice at a studio. However, I think it's simple enough to pick up and learn the practice just from the book.   Great buy for the price!
B0050SYS5A|1.0|The Zoom looks nice and is easy to snap onto the face of the Kinect. It, however, does not work at all. There were many reviews that stated this product only worked decently if the Kinect was below the television. That is how I have it and I could not even get the Kinect Tuner to recognize me. Not at all. I was able to activate the motion tracking with a wave. Exactly once. Even then the tracking was erratic and stopped working after about five seconds. After about twenty minutes of turning my 360 on and off, unplugging the Kinect and trying again, still nothing. As soon as I remove the Zoom, the Kinect works exactly as it is supposed to. I decided to ignore the glut of negative feedback this garbage item had received and now I regret it. Don't make the same mistake- do not buy the Zoom!
B004JHY8A8|4.0|I discover this book, because I saw the trailer of the movie and it sounded interesting.  I found this book compelling, I wasn't able to put it away, I had to keep reading, I loved Sarah's story and felt like crying in some parts of the book.  I've read a lot of reviews saying that they didn't like Julia's story, but I did like it. I've even felt my heart pounding with excitment in some part of her story.  I didn't know anything about Vel d'Hiv and this was a great starting point, it made me research about it.  I definetely recommend this book.
B003UESJH4|5.0|Colin Firth in his prime and Geoffrey Rush who is always great make for a great movie. A historical account of King George VI and his stammer who with the help of an Australian speech therapist suddenly and reluctantly falls into the role of king of the empire on the eve of World War II.  Firth's acting is sometimes painful to watch, but only because you feel the nerves and stress when he talks.  If you like historical dramas and great acting performances go see this.
B005LJK3AC|5.0|Went to a packed theater to see this and the whole audience was laughing and talking how funny the movie was. I laughed a lot more at this movie than I did the HANGOVER.
B004WCTLNY|4.0|This was not at all what I expected, i.e. a thriller about some group that was exerting control to some esoteric purpose.  Instead, it is a kind of metaphysical thriller, where a talented young politician doesn't fit with the plan and fights very hard to go his own way.  It is a nice twist on a totalitarianism that is adaptable and not all that bad in intent, however messy the details are.<br /><br />On the positive side, the chemistry between Damon (an absolutely first rate actor) and Emily Blunt is amazingly believable.  They are riveting on screen, genuinely moving, at least to me.  This is one level of the film, a kind of love story against all odds - how can they make it work when everything conspires against them.<br /><br />So, without playing the spoiler, Damon discovers that he is being \\"managed\\", indeed that he has a destiny.  He is a remarkable young politician, somewhat rebellious but committed to changing things.  He has always felt a certain emptiness, an emotional hole within himself that he is attempting to fill with the \\"people's love\\" as he climbs the political ladder.  Then, he has a chance meeting with an extraordinary young woman, and enters an adventure that is as indescribable as it is complex and ultimately impossible to limn.  He feels fulfilled, which violates the logic of his destiny.  Any means will be employed to correct things.<br /><br />This is a fun film experience, but I don't want to purchase the film, because once you figure out what is happening, you get and won't want to re-experience it.  Recommended.
B004EPZ08E|1.0|Dumb, stereotypic juvenile humor for adults (or juvenile adults depending upon point-of-view). NOTHING imaginative in the writing, acting or whatever. Overspent valuable time even writing this much. Actually might fit well with Zookeeper.
0785132619|5.0|Dave Lizewski is your typical comic book reading high school nerd, he always been a loner with only few friends and a hardworking dad who always loves to score with the ladies since his wife died. He notices New York has the most crime than any other city, he decides to become a real life superhero named \\"KickAss\\" as he becomes a sensation on youtube and myspace all thanks to his antics of beating criminals and saving lives. However, he has competition with other superheros like Red-Mist to all the way to a former cop turned assassin named Big-Daddy and his foul mouthed little girl named Hit-Girl, he has fallen in love with a fellow girl in high school which he wants to get with and deal with the mafia.<br /><br />A balls to the wall and ultraviolent dark comedy graphic novel from Mark Millar (Wanted) who wrote the storyline and drawn nicely by John Romita Jr. who did artwork for Iron Man, Amazing Spider-Man, Uncanny X-Men, Wolverine and World War Hulk. This is the next \\"Watchmen\\" in terms of a mature superhero story that feels realistic and very dark, this comic series is NOT for everyone due to it's graphic bloody violence that includes brain slicing to mutilations of sorts, foul language, some mild nudity and subject matter. It's totally un-PC and is totally funny in a weird kind of way. I also love the social commentary thrown in it, no wonder this was meant to be a movie even though the movie was different from this including the ending but who cares.<br /><br />A must have for fans of graphic novels and Marvel.
B005MSD75U|1.0|Dumb, stereotypic juvenile talking animal humor for adults (or juvenile adults depending upon point-of-view). Same recycled multiple times storyline of loser lover finding himself (with the help of the animals of course) and gets the girl some girl in the end. NOTHING imaginative in the writing, acting or whatever. Overspent valuable time even writing this much. Good fit with Horrible Bosses.   Some naturalists believe that the cute zoo animal syndrome is actually contributing to species extinction by humans because they don't look so cute in nature thus who cares.
B000FC2PKG|5.0|I am not a Lisa Gardner fan nor am I review writer; I just happened to stumble across this book and I bought it a couple of weeks ago.  I won't go into all the details of the book, but I will say it is one of the best books I've read in a long time.  The story and characters kept my interest from day one; a definite page-turner.  I highly recommend it.
B005F3XV7Q|2.0|Don't get me wrong, I am a big fan of Kevin James. I loved King of Queens, Paul Blart, even had the odd laugh at Grown Ups (I won't mention The Dilemma), but this is one dumb movie. Sure, there are a couple of chuckle scenes, but most of the movie just entails prat falls and silly noises.<br />Most movies have one annoying character, Star Wars had Jar Jar Binks, Lion King had Timone, this has a little monkey called Donald (He needs to find a new agent by the way, as the other movie he was in this year was The Hangover Part II). I just couldn't quite put my finger on why he was so annoying until I discovered who played his voice then it all made sense - Adam Sandler!<br />Surprisingly, Sylvester Stallone, Nick Nolte, John Favreau and even Cher have voice overs in this giant cow pat of a film, but it doesn't help, unfortunately.
1401324517|5.0|I expected this book to be somewhat of a biography, but it isn't and it is............  \\"Rafa\\" is the name of the 'Warrior' who we see on the court.  \\"Rafael\\" is the man behind the  warrior on the court as it were....  I have been an avid fan of tennis and of Rafael Nadal for the entire open season and since he arrived in the ATP.  Watching Rafael play a match can be intense, what this book does is explain the intensity we see on the court.  The most wonderful thing about this book, is that Rafa allows you into his mind.....his thought processes, his fears, his triumphs, as well as his relationship whith his coach (Uncle Tony) and his family.  The Warrior is the person that has been trained and continually trains himself to give 100% at all times on the court.  The Man is the 24 yr old who has become the Warrior; but continues to be sensitive, appreciative, respectful and above all else, a good person.  I am pleased that I didn't know the content of the book before hand.  As I read, I became more appreciative and more of a fan of Rafael Nadal's than I had been before.  As he describes his various matches; especially his first slam title on thru to his 8th slam title (and I have seen each of the matches that he talks about), I began to relive each match, point by point along with him.  By his own words, his best year was 2010; he held all 4 grand slam titles.  To be a part his physical, mental and emotionaL well being throughout these matches, was an amazing experience both for me, the fan and me, the reader.  If you are a fan of the game, wheather a fan of Rafael Nadal or not; this book is an exceptional read.  You'll know him as well as his closest friends do, by the time you finish reading this book.  Enjoy !!!!!!
B0018QOIXU|5.0|I  saw her on the view  and got Adele 12 I just live it  so then i got adele 19  iput it on when i am doing house work and the dishes get me moving
B0049P1VHS|5.0|Squeezing a coherent post-apocalyptic, zombie-filled world into six episodes is a difficult task in and of itself.  Doing so with the addition of real human drama, life wrenching, soul tearing, audience crying drama, is another thing entirely.  The Walking Dead not only does this, but the six episode first season is a generally compelling story.<br /><br />Much like 28 Days Later, the protagonist (Rick Grimes, played by Andrew Lincoln) for The Walking Dead awakens from a coma in a hospital room without assistance.  Upon departure of the hospital, he learns that the world has fallen into chaos, where the dead have risen to attack and eat the living, filling their ranks with each newly infected victim.  His wandering leads him to Atlanta, a city infested and overrun.  Luckily he unites with a scavenger cell from a group that has staked claim near a massive rock quarry just outside the city.  After mutually helping one another, Rick is welcomed back to the camp that is harboring his wife Lori (Sarah Callies), his young son Carl, and is being led by his former Sheriff's Deputy partner Shane Walsh (Jon Bernthal).  The new group must battle the zombies, themselves, each other, and the general despair permeating throughout the world.  Regardless of the impossible premise, it's nearly unfathomable for a viewer not to associate with the characters.<br /><br />And that's just the setting and actors!  The action and special effects are top notch, with blood splatter and brain matter painting walls like so much graffiti.  Intensity is definitely not lacking.<br /><br />Season 2 is upon us.  Support this wonderful series before some ignorant producer cancels it.
0385344325|4.0|Good book, a great review on how the series started.  Good line of books. Hope Lee writes some more. Also recieved in a timely manner.
1400052181|4.0|Henrietta Lacks was a black woman who died of cervical cancer in 1951.  Her doctor at Johns Hopkins harvested some of her cancerous cells so that they could perhaps be grown and studied in a culture medium.  They not only survived outside of her body, they thrived and eventually seeped into thousands of cultures worldwide, contaminating decades of research.  Still, they performed an invaluable service to medicine and were subjected to a vast range of studies, helping to develop a wide array of cures and vaccines.  This book covers not only the many medical advances made possible by Henrietta Lacks' cancer cells but also the lives of her descendants, who did not know about their mother's unwitting contribution to science until twenty-something years after her death.  Then their emotions ran the gamut from indignation to perplexity to astonishment.  Their lack of education with regard to cellular biology led to all sorts of misunderstandings as to whether their mother was in some way still alive or could perhaps be cloned.  Skloot interweaves the family story with the science story, and I would expect that most readers would have a clear preference for one over the other.  Being the geek that I am, I preferred the science story, with all its misconceptions about the effects of lead and radium, as well as its victories with polio and hepatitis B.  Others will prefer the more personal story, with its own set of misconceptions and victories, including the author's persistence in finally gaining the trust of Henrietta's children.  In some ways they are lost souls, battling poverty, racism, poor healthcare, and, worst of all, the loss of their mother at too young an age.
030726999X|3.0|I was surprised that the book had to come all the way from USA, but it arrived before the date it suggested that it would be here by and I live in Spain!!<br />The condition of the book does look a little \\"basic\\" no cover just a plain grey hardback and the pages look as if they might be loose, but they are not. So all in all I am very happy with my purchase I can't wait to get reading now as its the last one in the trilogy.
B0053TMP24|5.0|I think that this is one of his best books but it does make more sence if you read  The Lost Hero<br />thank you.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|this is the best way to kill time. angry birds have taken over and I am on with it. I play it all the time.
0385495323|5.0|Honestly... I loved it! It gives you a general idea about coding over the history. With this book you get to learn a great deal of information within really intresting stories. The best thing is you dont need to have previous knowlede about de subject to understand it. I strongly recommend it.
B00280LYIC|5.0|I've read this book very few years ago- I was in 4th grade- and I've gotta say, this book is AMAZING! Rick has litterally brought us to the world of Percy Jackson and the Ancient Greek Gods. And there was a movie just made- The Lighting Thief- and this book is still better.   So I recommend reading this book if you want to step into the world of war, quests, adventure, and especially, the world of Percy Jackson.
0143039431|5.0|A classic book that anybody who watched the movie should most certainly see! I read this book over the course of 4 weeks (it's long, about 700 pages). A wonderful recount of the history of the US Great Depression. Sad but insightful and illustrative of a time when people really had nothing and searched for hope on the Western Frontier.
0385344325|4.0|I have only read a few of the Jack Reacher books. Someone told me to read them in order but then i saw this at the airport and bought it. Everyone has already rehashed the plot so all I will say is that i liked this a lot.  I didn't love it, only because I think the tension sags a bit toward the end. but by sag i don't mean too much sagging - like going from 100 mph tp 85, know what i mean.  Lee child is a very talented man and i am going to keep plowing through his stuff while i wait for Flynn and Coes. He's fun to read and Reacher is just plain cool
B002ZG97LK|4.0|From Tom Cruise getting down in his tighty whiteys in \\"Risky Business\\" to Jennifer Grey having the time of her life in \\"Dirty Dancing\\", eighties movies were filled with great moments involving dancing.  They were one of a kind, and can't be recreated with the same impact.  If you asked me before I saw the reviews, I would have said that the cinematic world did not need a remake of \\"Footloose.\\"  Mainly, because I can't think of a remake of an eighties' film that bettered the original. In this case, I've only seen bits of the original, so I thought this was pretty good.         The plot is the same as the `84 version.  When a group of teens are killed in a drunk driving accident, the minister (Dennis Quaid) whose son has also died, and the town officials ban virtually everything teens do for recreation, including dancing. (Drag racing busses aflame, does get a pass.) Three years later, Bobby's younger sister, Ariel, played by Julianne Hough, is busy doing everything that's been banned and not caring if she's caught.  She also has the requisite bad boy older boyfriend, who doesn't respect her.  Naturally, she's a perfect match for new kid in town Ren (Kenny Wormald reprising the Kevin Bacon role), who's moved in with his uncle's family, following the death of his mom from cancer.  Ren is a good kid, but after a series of run-ins with the local authorities, he decides to cut loose, kick off his Sunday shoes and with his new friends, get the ban on dancing revoked.  The lead does a good job, but if you ask me, Miles Teller, playing Ren's pal who must overcome his fears of being a \\"dancing dork\\" stole the show.  Also excellent is Andie McDowell, in the role of the preacher's wife, who has stood by her man for too long and is about to tell him some uncomfortable truths.  Oh yes, and the dancing is totally awesome.
B004EPZ07U|1.0|As mentioned by other reviewers the set does not actually include a \\"digital copy.\\"  The claim is simply false.  The requirement to install a viewer and enroll in services is the worst kind of bait and switch.  Digital Rights Management run amuck.  And to say that you get a digital copy, when in fact you get a digital stream should be actionable by a class (for any aspiring JD's out there).  UltraViolet is no great deal for consumers and should probably be shunned.  I returned this falsely labeled product and cancelled my pre-orders that included \\"UltraViolet Digital\\" Copies.    Years ago Sony used music CD's to install root kits on PC's, that was actionable.  Sony had to make users whole.  Time for Warner Bros. to do the same.    For the record, as a fan of comicbook movies, SF and fantasy, I rate the movie 3 stars.  Though a quick look at the reviews shows a wide diversity of opinion.  The movie is watchable and has some merit, but compares unfavorably to the better comicbook adaptations.
067101756X|5.0|This is an amazing expose of what took place, and I recommend it to anyone who is looking for a truth by which to connect the dots.  This gentleman was right on top of all that happened in a time period that is conveniently being ignored by those who should be protecting our country.  But for the sake of their own greed and power and control issues, at this moment in time much is going downhill for the rest of us who are only looking for truth.  The author, Philip Corso,is a former pentagon official (Retired Col.) who, in writing this book, chose honor and truth above all else.
B00006G8K0|5.0|Next to the BBC/PBS version this is my favorite version of Dracula.  I saw this in the theatre when I was in 6th grade in 1959.  It was very shocking at that time and I remember the experience very well.  I've seen the movie on VHS and DVD and also on TCM.  They are identical except for aspect ratio; however, I remember seeing substantially more blood in the stakings especially regarding Dracula's girlfriend in the movie theatre.
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|Pride & Prejudice is a classic! It may stray a bit from Austen's book, but that does not in any way take away from the movie. The emotion and sentiment is conveyed beautifully by a perfect cast of characters. Definitely one of my favorite movies ... ever!  [[ASIN:B000E1ZBGS Pride & Prejudice]]
B004EPZ07K|4.0|I was pleasantly suprized with this movie.  After hearing all the negative reviews from the press and also here on Amazon I was relunctant to see it.  However, I found it to be a highly entertaining movie with a good plot and outstanding special effects.  Ryan Reynolds did a great job portraying the Green Lantern and the movie held my attention in a goody way throughout.  I have found alot of Comic Book \\"afficenados\\" critical of any Superhero movie that has been put out and they forget that it is just entertaining and fun to watch.  Anyone fan can pick apart a movie by comparing it to the comic book.  However, I do NOT do that and I just enjoy the Superhero movies for what they are and find no need to be overly critical of the movie portrayal.  I highly recommend this movie for what it is, good fun, outstanding special effects and a great way to spend a few hours with a good movie.
B003Y3IFCU|2.0|Looks nice on the pics, but not in reality. My problem was - foot doesn't stay in place when you walk - it just shifted to the front with toes outside - not comfortable, sent it back.
B00479SVBU|3.0|The good:  It works as advertised and has a very strong FM signal so it can easily overpower other stations.  The so-so:  The FM sound is only average.  I've heard local FM stations that had astonishingly good sound, so I know that that modern FM transmitters are capable of excellent broadcast sound quality.  Unfortunately, this device doesn't match up.  The bad:  If you use an SD card, it forgets its place in the track when the power goes off.  If you're doing a number of short stops, you'll end up listening to the same track over and over and over and...
B0055HVDZY|5.0|When I was a Teenager I used to re-record and re-mix Records  For Personal use only ). I now make Video Clips and Movies Professionally. The non-availabilty of physical Album Art in this Heavily Visual medium was a real Headache. I had solved it for myself but the solution was very expensive to maintain. It was expected to get cheap through long term repetitious use, however the Industry has once again come up with an affordable, easy to use solution. This Album is a classic example of this marketing trend. Very professionally produced and exactly what I needed.
B003WTE886|5.0|Very Good I would recomend this to anyone that is a Taylor Swift fan. The kids even love singing along with this in the car when we go on road trips.
B0058VW36U|5.0|follow me at @miss__smiles88 his app is soooo much fun I love it!!!! Hope u enjoy follow me @miss__smiles88 thanks
B004SMD4H2|5.0|My wife got me into this show. I bought the first season without seeing an episode. I got hooked, love the story line, I thought the acting was great especially as the season progrossed. Polished and excellent.
B004ZLZKXM|4.0|My wrist feels so much better!  The mouse really has improved the pain that I was having.  I would recommend if you are having pain from your current mouse that shoots up your arm, this is the mouse for you!
B0058WFO06|5.0|When I first got news that Steven was going to record a second album I was so excited about it I couldn't wait. Every vid on his sight I watched. And I was on the sight every other day. When the song track one was released I loved the vid with Steven playing the guitar then the sound distorts a little the vision in the background. Simply amazing. Then index which I loved the song and is still my fav from the album. Then reminder of the black dog which is a long song which the intro seems a little bit long but when you get into it the song is amazing. Then I got the album and I could not wait to play it all. My only disappointment was that the order from amazon has the cardboard slipcase over a plastic case which I prefer the small books for the look and feel of them. The artwork is similar to insurgentes which I like allot with the photos of Steven with the weird effects on then the occasion shot of nature. There are some standout tracks on this album like (deform to form a star, postcard, index and like dust I have cleared from my eye) all are amazing and I love the songs with vocals most from Stevens new album or albums as this is 2 albums in one.  Music is a hard business and I'm sure it was good hard work getting 80 mins of music that is to a degree original yet still distinctive to Wilson. the only track than I myself can't get into that much is raider II as it is long but it still has allot of change thorough but it's just not in my personal taste the rest of this album is pure gold and every listen is more enjoyable than the last.  I think this album is defiantly on my top 5 from Wilson out of all his projects and his many years of righting and I think it is better than insurgentes which was a top notch album.  Stevens work just keeps getting better
B003E74B06|2.0|Excellent book, have had many paperback copies over the years. Sadly this Kindle edition is full of typos and spelling errors. It gets so bad in places it is actually difficult to make out the sense of the sentence.  Excellent book but sadly let down by this Kindle edition. Kindle books may be cheaper than print books but we should still get the same level of proofing and editing as the print customer.  Kindle editions shouldn't be a poorer reading experience!!!
B000UJ48UO|5.0|When I teach my film classes, I find that Kubrick (along with Hitchcock) is one of the most misunderstood filmmakers of the last century.  Why is an essential component of this filmmaker (as well as others) lost in the translation?  Part of it seems to be the separation between film history/criticism in the United States, where film enthusiasts seem content with the film alone, and forget that, prior to the internet, movies existed within a network of criticism that extended from the Westcoast Studios to the Eastcoast critics, and stretched overseas, where brilliant essayists like Truffaut were able to pick apart the latest offerings in the pages of the Cahiers du Cinema.  These filmmakers used the theater as an extension of a critical dialogue that helped explain their core philosophies; the New york Critics and European Essayists were really cinematic linguists who helped to make sense of the \\"linguistic\\" complexity of a medium whose essential grammar seems to be more or less intuitive, both concrete and abstract.  The transition to more escapist fare (at least in the late 70s studio Hollywood system) has meant a transition in the critical world as well; with the popularity of the Cinematic Essayist waning in the last 20 years, being instead replaced by schtick and the \\"every man\\" approach to film reviews, and a cruel thumbs-up, thumbs-down approach -- more or less a symptom of our collective attention deficit.  While these approaches are necessary, the lack of educated \\"cinematic linguists\\" is resulting in the loss of understanding when it comes to our most important filmmakers, of which Kubrick is undoubtedly one.  For instance, it surprises most people to know that one of our most important stylists considered himself to be an \\"objective director.\\"  Kubrick's minimalist, nuanced, distanced style is really the product of his core philosophy which was to \\"observe\\" rather than to \\"impart.\\"  Kubrick aligned himself with documentarians who used aesthetic restraint in crafting ethnographic narratives.  In fact, if you really study the man -- his writings, his interviews -- you will find that his entire career was really a quest for cinematic truth.  He constantly struggled against his own interpretation and impressions of events, to try to give a multi-faceted view of reality and drama, of which he believed that narrative itself was really an unnatural hallucination imposed on a series of random events by the mind's need to rationalize and organize.  Kubrick struggled  against not only studio narrative -- the classic three-act structure -- which he found predictable and as pedestrian as an overly familiar nursery rhyme; but he also resisted the narrative of the mind, its need to simplify, reduce, and impose.  Even more than that, Kubrick struggled against the medium itself.    In an interview, Kubrick opined about the need to import rocks onto the set of Full Metal Jacket, to acquire the realism he knew would be beyond his reach with simulation.  Sounding a lot like Jorge Luis Borges speaking about the problems of a truly realistic map, he explained the natural processes that would go into the formation of those rocks, with which Hollywood verisimilitude just could not compete.  Importing those rocks is proof of Kubrick's devotion to objectivity, which he felt was constantly compromised and corrupted by the cinematic medium itself (never mind that those rocks existed on a fabricated sound stage in London -- but Kubrick's philosophy on realism/formalism was always filled with contradictions).  It's interesting to note that critical interpretation of Stanley Kubrick largely fails because it excludes the man's own take on his own material.  Never being one to shut down another's opinion, Kubrick nevertheless had very strong and opinionated feelings about his own films, opinions that seem incredibly out-of-step with popular interpretation of his work.    I would like to remind the reader (whoever has been kind enough to stay with me thus far), an obvious fact, that will seem more obvious in retrospect -- Kubrick had a lifelong fascination with the propagandistic nature of cinema as well as the theme of social brainwashing.  A better word for brainwashing is \\"conditioning\\" as it's broader and encompasses what Kubrick felt was the most consistent theme running throughout the entirety of his work.  Kubrick was obsessed with how man's psyche could be conditioned -- through media, through government, through aristocracy, through peer pressure, etc.  And in the end, he was fascinated by the struggle between an individual's innate nature and the outside, coercive forces that threatened to eliminate his nature or suppress it once and for all.  \\"Full Metal Jacket\\" has the observationalist impulse of a documentary, the lyric quality of silent cinema, the rigorous technical prowess of Max Ophuls, and the elliptical, bifurcated narrative of an art house movie.  In light of these influences, \\"Full Metal Jacket\\" is less an unconventional, frustrating war movie, than a logical realization of Kubrick's core aesthetic principles as applied to the Viet Nam conflict.  That being the case, what unites the two \\"halves\\" of Full Metal Jacket is the theme of \\"social conditioning.\\"  A soldier is like a full metal jacket -- his outer shell is formed by a rigid, brutalizing, indifferent, nearly industrial process, and yet, somewhere beneath is the soft material that can prove pliant and powerful in the wrong hands.  Viewed from this perspective, the second half of \\"Full Metal Jacket\\" is not as off-putting as some have unfairly suggested.  For those who are intimately familiar with the man's philosophies, the \\"second half\\" is a natural consequence of the first half, and succeeds brilliantly in emphasizing Kubrick's fascination with man's duality -- a duality that becomes more apparent in a sustained and prolonged conflict between two national dualities.  (If you really want insight into the work of Kubrick or other filmmakers, do not divorce them from their influences, or their own philosophies which exist in interviews, private notes, and other secondary and third sources).
0375826742|4.0|I don't see why people hated this book the most out of the other ones in the series?  Personally, I thought it was the best!  Whoever thinks Christopher Paolini isn't a good author needs to get their head checked.  Does he write like JK Rowling?  No, but keep in mind, he's writing in a completely different realm of the fantasy genre.  Rowling mainly focused on elements like wizardry, while Paolini wrote about dragons, dwarves, and other related things.  Unlike some other people, I actually enjoyed all of the descriptions he put here in this book.  His choice of words like spring/sprang, pounce(d), etc, really added to this, and really made it feel like you're actually in Alagaësia and a part of the story.  Take this sentence for example: \\"His three remaining guards sprang over him and swung their axes in unison, clearing the air above Eragon and saving him from the bite of the flashing daggers.\\"  Now isn't that a great description of the action going on?  I think so.  People don't think that this book had enough action like the other ones.  I beg to differ.  Sure, when I saw at the end that there was going to be another book, I wondered: Will Eragon reign and successfully kill Galbatorix?  I just recently read this book again, along with Eragon and Eldest because of Inheritance coming out, and I thought that it was better than the 1st time I read it.  After all of this waiting, Inheritance is finally going to come out, and it will be I think it will be the perfect ending to this series.  Sé onr sverdar sitja hvass! (May your swords stay sharp!)
0156027321|4.0|\\"The water began to churn around us with sharks.  They were searching for the source of the blood, for the food so close at hand.  Their tail fins slashed out of the water, their heads swung out.  The boat was hit repeatedly.  I was so afraid we would capsize-I thought the sharks would actually punch through the metal hull and sink us.\\"  Life of Pi is about a young boy named Piscine Molitor Patel who goes by the name Pi for reasons explained in the story.  The story begins with an explanation of Pi's life before his calamity.  Then a sudden disaster strikes Pi and leaves him stranded in the ocean for months.  To find out what happens to Pi, read the Life of Pi by Yann Martel.          I thought that Yann Martel did a great job of incorporating some literary elements into Life of Pi.  He did a great job with sensory imagery, dialogue, and personification.  The beginning of Life of Pi was a little boring and weird I must say, however it did build a foundation for the rest of the story.  Life of Pi was a good novel about a boy's struggles out at sea.  He still has one thing in his life that is always in his life though; God.  I would recommend this book to anyone who likes animals, survival stories, and coming of age stories.
B004LKVHSY|1.0|This is a horrendous transfer, looks close to VHS quality... I own an import version and it is literally about 3x clearer. This edition looks like they took the cheapest route possible and used 2nd or 3rd generation prints to create this Blu-Ray, with quality worse than the DVD. PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS DISC - BUY THE IMPORT VERSION INSTEAD, AND WRITE/EMAIL/FACEBOOK/TWITTER TO UA/20TH CENTURY FOX to let them know you are boycotting this shameful release. Demand a refund if you purchased already!!!
0062011847|5.0|I have read all of Terry Pratchett's books, enjoyed them all but some more than others. I really enjoyed Snuff, it has most of the elements I enjoy, some serious dark drama with a relentless and unredeemed killer reminiscent of Night Watch, but also some intriguing politics among Discworld races, adding another group now eligible to join the watch. The major and minor plots interlace smoothly, and range from a major one based on genocide to a minor one based on Nobby Nobbs finding romance. I agree with some of the other reviewers that the physical book is not well designed. The trimmed pages binding to achieve a faux deckle edge (see [...])is more like a book club edition and the paper is not really opaque so overall the book does not say \\"quality\\", all of which I have to blame on Doubleday's lack of taste. However, the story itself will probably join my favorite five of the Discworld books.
B0055B0MIO|5.0|This is the best Trivium album to date. Plenty of screaming, plenty of cleans, along with some great, technical riffing and melodic solos. I've been a fan of these guys since Ember and I think they have finally found the middle ground that will satisfy fans of all of Trivium's musical facets. [...]
0385738773|3.0|I LOVED the first two books in the trilogy, but I thought The Death Cure was a sadly disappointing ending to the story. I almost felt like Dashner's heart wasn't in it and he was just going through the motions...
B0055PMJMW|5.0|I almost fell for the negative reviews and passed on this one. What a mistake it would have been. After having read all other published works it was just right as a fill in before the release The Drop.
B005IY3CMQ|4.0|people here seem to be confused as to what this is. it's well known that Radiohead, or at least Thom Yorke, are HUGE techno/electronic music fans. So they've enlisted their favorite producers from a variety of genres to have a go at various 'TKOL' tracks, that is the extent of their involvement. If you are not a fan of techno music you probably won't like this, if you are, there are some of the best current producers out there on this, and they do some interesting stuff with 'TKOL' source material. I'm not sure we needed to hear 4 or 5 versions of 'Bloom' but it's very cool. But please take it for what it is, Radiohead letting some of their favorite artists tweak the 'TKOL' material. It's NOT a new Radiohead cd....
B003YL4LYI|4.0|Originally, I wrote a very bitter rant review on DoD back in 2011 similiar to most of the review posted now. However, I've since re-read the novel quite a few times including AFFCs. Over time my thinking about the initial review has changed. Like most avid fans, I was too impatient with the novel after 6 years later and wanted to see some heavy intrigue and full scale action just as we last saw in storm of swords. My passion for getting immediate tangible results has since cooled off after DoD was released. I realised that the author needed to really set the stage for monumental battles to come. Ol'George had to make the crucial decision of simply steaming ahead and jumping right into the heavy action or building up the forces for the tital waves to come. He obviously chose the latter and now that I've re-read the novels quite a few times I actually agree with that decision. The epic battle for meereen in which the Dragon Queen will leave for westeros has to be done just right. The invasion/battle for westeros has to be prepped and then there will most likely be the battle to end all battles with the mythical others at the wall. All the while balancing these huge agendas with the intrigues and conspiracies of human nature. I think the real challenge was the huge build up fans and readers had for the novel only to realize DoD was yet another stage builder after AFFC. To this end most reviewers and fans rant (just as I did) about the explicit descriptions of mundane objects or areas Martin has in DoD that they consider to be a waste of words. I actually have since come around and like the fact that he is so descriptive. I havent lost faith that the author will be able to finish off the series in a powerful manner and I hope most fans havent lost their support for ol'George either.<br /><br />On a side note, I've read from other reviewers who do not like some of the blunt writing Martin portrays. I agree and continue to agree on the style in which Martin writes. Peopleoften have the fantasy that in combat or war torn areas everyone speaks so eloquently and are on their best behaviors at all times. Pfff. Go read a carebear book for 2nd graders. In real combat and especially during medieval times (which is the type of environment that the novels take place in) people were rarely if ever nice or spoke 'eloquently'. The reality is most of these fighters and peasants were crude, utterly ruthless and without any merit. Brothels and loose women were the norm as was death in combat afflicted areas. The kings and landowners did not give two cents about anyone save themselves and were quite adept in using others as expendable tools. Theres a reason why the real human medieval times were also known as the dark ages. And it had nothing to do with the shade.
B004EPZ07U|5.0|I saw this in the theatre in 3D and now own the triple disc DVD set; I'm a big fan of Green Lantern, and I'm looking forward to the next one, and hopefully a Justice League Of america film as well!!..great stuff, great extras on this 3 disc set!!
B0041VB8BO|5.0|Believe the other 5 star reviews.  This is a fantastic album, and I can't believe I didn't come across it until two years after it came out.  Most songs are on the light and poppy side, with some slower tunes thrown in.  Just great music with lots of replay value.
B0019BI1FA|5.0|\\"the most brilliant farce in the English language\\" (Jacques Barzun)<br /><br />The players speak \\"a kind of beautiful nonsense\\" (Max Beerbohm), and it is this language (together with the formal beauty of the symmetries of plot) that make the play brilliant and unique. Behold the first encounter of Cecily and Algy in a \\"delicate bubble of fantasy\\" as Wilde, in fact, called the whole play.<br /><br />This is the performance to see. All the principal actors are first rate. It is also the version of the play to see: the bill-collector scene from the four act play (hardly known today) is restored in the spirit of Wilde's polishing and condensing of the four acts to become the three act play performed, published, and known today as The Importance of Being Earnest. Magnificent!
B004SB60OC|5.0|GREAT CD! IT SEEMS PRETTY SHORT IN LENGTH BUT I THINK ALL SONGS WERE VERY WELL WRITTEN. I LOVE IT AND HAVE BOUGHT FOR A COUPLE OF MY FRIENDS.
B000TENE6Y|3.0|I like Radiohead. I love In Rainbows, I love Creep, but this album can rub me the wrong way with annoyingly whiny vocals if I'm not in the right mood. I bought it because it was $5 on the Amazon MP3 store and because it has high reviews and because I generally like Radiohead, but these songs are not for everyone and not even for me on most days. It's high quality music, but I'm not adding any of these songs to my playlists. They'll just be there when I want to listen to something weird.
116932701X|4.0|Well, I can see why this book was virtually banned for about 40 years, as it does contain some explicit scenes - although by modern standards, they are not at all oustandingly daring.   Overall, I think it was a good read, with interesting insights into the psychology of some really tortuous relationships. Very French, and I say that as a compliment. On the other hand, the end was a bit rushed and anticlimactic, in my opinion. It also annoyed me a bit that the author kept grinding the axe of his own personal ideology - an uncurious mix of Luddism and romanticism. For me, this aspect of the book felt like poor man's Chesterton, although G.K. probably didn't approve of DHL's atttitude to sex, I presume.  So, to sum up: if you look for sex, be warned that you'll be getting much less of it than the book's title and fame might lead you to believe. But this might not be a bad thing, after all.
B0045EJY90|2.0|I bought this CD Player, hookedup to the stereo receiver and it started to play but was skipping and after a few minutes did not play at all, could not read the CD content. I brought it to the service and now I have to wait 2 months for the part to be replaced. I wonder how the product passed outgoing inspection.
B0053Q9DHW|1.0|A warning that the DVD can be played only in Region 1 would have been appreciated.  I'm in New Zealand,  Region 4, and so can not play it on my video player.  The DVD is useless to me.
B005COO1X6|5.0|Whenever I finish a King yarn I always feel like I have just stumbled out of the basement gasping for air with the monster at my heals. For me there are a few ellements that define what Classic King is. First, he has an uncanny ability to step inside the mind of a 10 year old boy, a 35 year old lesbian, the mother of two young children or a Precocious 6 year old girl and portray them in an honest and believable way; no one can more accurately or effortlessly show plausible human responses to impossible situations. Then, there is his tallent for taking something totally ordinary - say a muddy station wagon, for example - and making it extrodinarily scary. And finally, smooth prose that allows you to slip into the story unnoticed and experience it with the charachers. Mile 81 was certainly not lacking any of these qualities. A quick and fun read with just enough bite for your buck. My only complaint would be the length - but not because it took anything away from the quality of the story, I just hate to see it end.
B000PMLFRA|4.0|Not much was different in this version, verses the DVD, except for a few cg additions.  This is the basic blu-ray package for episode 4,5,& 6 with no extras.  The picture quality is improved over the DVD especially for areas that have computer generated graphics (little or no artifacts) and the sound is balanced much better.  It is not the VHS version, it is the DVD version and it is not the original theatrical version.
B0034G4P8A|5.0|Timely! The blu-ray arrived right on time and correct...as always with movie and book orders fulfilled by Amazon. Satisfied again!
B0034G4P8A|3.0|Good graphics but the plot quickly faded to a poor little rich boy seeking redemption and the ending was a quick cut off.
B004LWZW4C|5.0|Timely! The Blu-ray arrived right on time and correct...as always with movie and book oerders fulfilled by Amazon. Satisfied again!
B004LWZW4C|4.0|Good graphics and a decent story line tying a lot of the earlier life of some of the primary X Men characters in with the past movies.
B000002GAF|5.0|I will never tire of this album. I have to buy one or two every year because I keep giving them away. Gino, his brothers (Joe & Ross), and the rest of the players on this record seem to have had some magical sessions. The band is cookin'. The songs are great, the arrangements are great, the performances are great, the engineering, mixing and mastering are great (with the exception of an occasional peaky snare drum). Almost 35 years after its release, it holds up so nicely.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|After getting the set and watching all of the movies (and most extra features... I'm still not done!) i must say that whether you like the changes made to the movies or not, the truth is that the movies have never looked better. I've found myself noticing things i hadn't before. The image is so clear and beautiful, i was amazed. The sound is AMAZING, and i was pleasantly surprised by how great the films sound. I don't have a fancy surround system, but still managed to feel the explosions in my gut, and even the beauty of the score is enhanced.   The new bonus stuff is fun so far; a lot of stuff i hadn't seen before and can say that i learned new stuff about a saga i thought i already knew everything about.   I definitely recommend this to Star Wars fans; the set has a lot more going to it than against it. Don't let the \\"hate\\" flow through you.
B005M92MJ6|5.0|Creative in his own way MJK delivers again with something different, off and all together something that must be heard live to get that final impact of the songs and their composer
034552554X|5.0|\\"Do you really think that you're the only human being alive who is unforgivably flawed? Who's been hurt almost to the point of breaking?\\"<br /><br />Can you relate?  I know I can.<br /><br />The Language of Flowers is a story of coming to terms with the past and moving on towards the future.  Victoria is a damaged girl.  She has spent her life being shuffled between foster and group homes.  She trusts no one.  She communicates through the language of flowers, a Victorian era tradition where one shares their emotions by the meaning behind the flowers. The story is beautifully written.  The Language of Flowers is a book that every person can see themselves in.  As the reader, I not only identified with Victoria, but I could feel her emotions; her hope; her pain.  Truly amazing book that I greatly recommend to others.
B005WQ41J8|5.0|Thought after last season this show was on it's last legs.  When the season started, I thought hey it's pretty good again. This is one of the best ever.   The only thing I disliked about the episode was that there was less medicine in the show.  I'm hoping that a lot of this was character development.  But the character development was hilarious with House in the middle of it.
1932100660|5.0|Like a lot of other people out there, there was a time in my life when I ate for sheer pleasure without any concern for my health. Then I suffered a multitude of health problems. Scared for my health, I resolved to change my diet and began to study nutrition. In time I realized that the root of my health problems was my sedentary life and high-fat diet. Dr. Campbell's book was all the science I needed to stay away from meat and dairy. I have never felt better. I haven't been sick in bed in 20 years, and at 70, I train like an athlete.
6305428042|5.0|I was pleased with the cost, quality and timeliness in which I received the product. I would buy similar products again just like this because of the good experience I had.
B005FFW46S|5.0|While it doesn't have as much over the top humor as his other books, it has enough for the subject matter.  I like the watch books and this was a nice addition.  The action was good, the interaction of the characters good.  There were a lot of errors in the Kindle version but that didn't detract nearly as much as some complained.  It's been less then a week and they've issued an updated Kindle version with the errors fixed (provided prior buyers).  I plan to reread it again, you need to do this with his work to catch some of the nuances, so I'll see if it helps any.
1904994679|4.0|the cover is shiny, the contents are informitive. i like the section on mt everest. i'm dissapointed that  it don't have many of the records i remember reading as a kid. i suggest it have an appendage listing  all the records title only then we can go to the website to get details. but how can we go to the website unless we know what we're looking for?
1400052181|5.0|I highly recommend this book to anyone.  The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is a powerful story about a family's experiencing the loss of their mother and finding out twenty years later that cells from the mother have been used for many different kinds of research.  This leads to profit for many companies and sent around the world and in outer space.  All this while the family lives in poverty, unable to afford healthcare.<br /><br />This book should be mandatory reading for scientists, physicians, or anyone involved in healthcare or research.  This story brings a face and humanity to healthcare and research that is done on people.  Henrietta Lacks' family was treated poorly because of being black and poor.  Henrietta did not understand the surgery and radiation treatments she was given, and she didn't understand that anyone would use her cells for research and profit.  Through the telling of Henrietta and her family's story, the author sheds light on the issues of what does patient consent really mean and what are patient's rights.  If something is surgically removed from a patient, who does it belong to?  What rights does the patient or the patient's family have?  These are important questions for anyone to think about, but are particularly salient for scientific researchers and people who work in healthcare.<br /><br />All in all, this was an enjoyable story with important implications.  I highly recommend it!
B001HNE3NO|5.0|I have read a lot of books in my time, but I this has certainly been one of the most touching stories that I have read.  This is a book that grabs at your heart and won't let go.  It gives you valuable insight into what people who were involved in the Jewish roundup during WWII went through, from a unique \\"firshand\\" perspective.  This book is a work of fiction, but is based upon historical facts and gives a vivid description of the time period and the Vel' d'Hiv roundup.    July 1942 marked a dark period in the history of France where thousands of Jewish families were rounded up and kept in the Velodrome d'Hiver for days with little to no food, no toilet facilities, no medical facilities, and horrible conditions. They were then sent off to transit camps in France such as Drancy, before being packed off to Auschwitz, a Nazi death camp. What is so unnerving about this whole incident is that the rounding up and mobilisation of Jews for deportation was done by the French authorities, a fact that is known by very few.    This book centers on two different character's, Julia and Sarah's, perspectives.  Sarah is a young girl who was captured in the roundup and after leaving her little brother behind desperately tries to return to save him.  Julia is a novelist who lives in Paris who discovers that Sarah and her family lived in an apartment that her family owns and sets out to discover Sarah's story.  In the process she discovers that delving into the past can change not only your entire life, but the lives of others as well.  This focuses on Julia's search for the truth, and for happiness in life.    Sarah's Key is a book that certainly makes you realize how lucky so many of us are.  It gives you a very emotional, first-hand perspective into that time in history and makes you feel as if you are actually there.  This is a very poignant and touching story that is most certainly worth a read.  I personally would recommend it to anyone, especially those who have any interest in World War II and the Holocaust.
B00006GO9Q|5.0|What makes In A Silent Way arguably the finest hour of Miles Davis' career is how almost immediately I noticed a strong sense of melody in his trumpet playing and in McLaughlin's guitar work.    Perhaps the only letdown (if you can call it that) is one small segment of 4 minutes worth of McLaughlin's lightly performed guitar work in the beginning of the title song (track 2) that doesn't seem to do much of anything worth noting.  Even then, this particular part is definitely growing on me more with each listen.    To be fair I've never heard McLaughlin perform so gently and chug along to the rhythm in such a quiet and moody way before (usually his style borders on extremely loud heavy metal in just his sound alone as evident with his Mahavishnu Orchestra band) so I suppose it's another example of diversity in the legendary career of John McLaughlin.    Other than that, Miles Davis really delivers with exceptional expertise when it comes to his magnificent and incredibly melodic trumpet solos.  They are, simply put, quite wonderful.  I've never been so attached to his work like I am on this album.  Right away I knew it would be one of my favorite albums of his.    Still, I can think of a few other albums from Miles Davis that strike me a little more passionately and provide a slightly better example of his talents such as On the Corner and Live Evil, but as far as getting caught up into the notes and the atmosphere right away, In a Silent Way is your best opportunity and a perfect introduction to discover why everyone makes such a big deal over this guys work in the world of jazz.
B004J4WKTW|5.0|The Night Circus' is absolutely enchanting.  Morgenstern draws you in with her magical atmosphere, many cliffhangers, plot twists, and thorough descriptions that make you feel as if you are actually in the middle of the `Le Cirque des Reves' and it doesn't take long before you decide that you never want to leave.  Although at times it can move a bit slowly this is a book that you do not want to put down, it's that absolutely riveting.    Each short chapter generally focuses on a specific character, one minute you are reading about Celia in 1902, the next about Marco in 1898, you never know what is coming next which is half of the fun of it but can make things a bit difficult at times.  Because of this the story can be slightly difficult to follow, there were times when I had to go back to the beginning of a chapter in order to double what time frame I was just in, and I often found myself wishing that I was reading this in actual paper form rather than on my Kindle due to wanting to look back.  This was such an enjoyable read though that I may just end up buying it in hardback form, as well.  As much as I love my Kindle there are just times when having the actual book in your hand adds to the experience.)   This is a fantasy, mystery, and romance wrapped together into a thoroughly delightful story that is so magical you don't want to leave its spell.  It is a much more mature read than both the Harry Potter and Twilight series and the romance involved is very discrete.  The romance could have been focused upon a bit more in order to make it more emotional and believable as it was just a tad bit too dry and not elaborated upon enough to make you really get a feel for Celia and Marco's relationship. But nonetheless, you find yourselves hoping that there is some possible way that they will be able to be together.  I will be interested to see if they are able to even remotely catch the magical feeling and details of this book if it is made into movie form and have a feeling that I will be very disappointed by any movie that they are to make.  I just don't see any way that they will be able to capture the feeling that you have when you are in this stories magical hold but then I'm always disappointed by any movie that is based upon a book that I have read.  My fingers are crossed that Morgenstern already has a new project in the works and that I will be able to get my hands on it soon.  I am definitely interested in seeing what she will come up with next.  I believe that I'm going to become a `reveur' and look forward to returning to the circus again soon. This is a book that will definitely end up in my collection of favorites.
B0040ZN9WM|5.0|I was nervous to get these shoes because there werent a lot if reviews on them. We had tried crocs before with not a ton of success. We tried the regular Mary Jane's, but they caused a lot of painful rubbing on the tops of my daughter's feet. The regular crocs were kind of hard for her to walk in when she was little (2) and she fell a few times and they fell off a lot too. Now that they are 4 yrs & 2 yrs, I bought these at the beginning of summer for going to the pool, playing on sandy beaches, etc. They turned out to be practically ALL they wore all summer! Easy for both girls to put on themselves, they stay on and can be used for anything. They climbed, ran, etc in them. Perfect!!! We got tons of compliments too. I absolutely plan to get these again next year!  A couple items to note:  - Although, it doesn't seem like all crocs run true to size (they seem to usually run big), but these DID seem to run true to size for us! Very happy about that.  - I got purple and light pink colors. Purple held up well, but light pink scuffed up a lot and dirt seemed to sort of 'seep' in and stain them (not able to wash completely off). So, I'd recommend darker colors so the dirt doesnt show too much.  Highly recommend, hope they work well for you too!!
B00457WZEI|5.0|War Horse is a very touching read that takes you into the depths of World War I in the final days of the Cavalry.  Morpurgo has done a very good job writing a story from a very different point of view than normal yet making it a very enthralling story, more so than usual because you are shown the perspectives of many of the different characters.  Although this is a young adult book it is suitable for all ages, especially those who have a love for horses.        The story is narrated by Joey, a Thoroughbred-cross horse and takes you from his days as a colt with his beloved master Albert throughout his days serving in the calvary, assisting the hospitals, and more throughout the war.  The author has taken care to be very descriptive and to develop a very touching work.  At one point I had to put this book down because I was laughing and crying at the same time.        This is a nice and easy read that can definitely be finished within a weekend, and it certainly makes you appreciate our equine friends all the more.  Many of us often fail to take into consideration the needs and feelings of our animals, and this is a book that makes you think twice when spending time with your animals.  This book ultimately portrays the dedication and love of man and horse, and is just a truly great read.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|I don't understand Lucas. I don't understand why his friends and employees were unable or unwilling to dissuade him from his insane folly. In spite of his incompetence as both writer and director, he managed to create the original Star Wars, a phenomenal success, and a really good movie, despite some flaws. Empire was better, in great part because he neither wrote nor directed it. As for Return of the Jedi, well, it wasn't as good, but it was still vastly better than any of his prequels.  So why did he make the ridiculous changes in the Special Edition in the first place?  Why did he make more horrible changes when he released the SE on DVD?  Why did he think, when viewers rightly mocked Vader's \\"NOOOOOO\\" at the end of Ep. III, that he ought to reprise it in RotJ in the Blu-ray release?  I could at least understand if he were only interested in updating visual effects. I can sympathize with his feeling that the old technology wasn't up to par with his imagination. But his CG often looks worse, and he simply doesn't have the artistic understanding or ability to merit our acceptance of the idiotic changes he made to the original trilogy, or the countless moronic choices he made in the prequel trilogy, chief among them being the decision to write the screenplays himself. He thinks its his right to change these movies. Maybe it is, in some sense, but then it's my right to become very angry with him and not buy them.  George Lucas is clearly interested in making money, and he's been very good at it. He wants to re-release all six movies theatrically, yet again, this time in 3D. No doubt money was on his mind when he decided to restore deleted footage and add lots of CGI for the Special Editions and their home releases. Those changes offer clear incentives for consumers to pay more money for something they've already seen. But one cannot say the same for having Greedo shoot first, or putting Hayden Christensen's stupid mug next the ghosts of Obi-Wan and Yoda.  It's not just that I feel my childhood has been betrayed. It's also just so incredibly confusing...
0756404738|5.0|yep... Rothfuss doesn't disappoint in this continuation of his first novel.. Great work and I'm still dying to know what'll happen next...
B004WR125O|5.0|Reading the reviews for this product, I was concerned that this item was more trouble than it was worth.  However, it was worth a shot for the price (considering the equivalent item for a Pioneer receiver is three times the cost of this!).  I was pleasantly surprised at how simple this was to set up.  However, there are a couple of things to do to ensure your setup goes as smoothly as mine.  1.  You will need to download the lastest updates for your review on the Onkyo website to a USB device.  Make sure the USB device has no other files on it.  It must be empty before you add your updates.    2.  Have your TV on for the setup and follow the instructions.  I used a manual setup.  Automatic didn't work for me and manual was not to bad.  Once you are set up, the NET function on the receiver allows you to stream internet and satellite radio through the receiver.  It was that easy.  I think it more than makes up for the lack of airplay.
B00479SVBU|5.0|I love this transmitter it works great. And the shipping was superfast as well. Plays very clear and easy to use. Plays great with a flash stick or sd card
B00005JNX0|5.0|There is something so adorably manic about this movie that I can't help but totally love it.  It just continues to bring a smile to my face no matter how many times I see it (which is a lot considering my daughter's fascination with it).  The crude-like animation (it's pretty, but it's also clunky in an odd way) and the dead-pan humor add to the enjoyment factor because this feels like a perfect balance of adult and child entertainment.<br /><br />Nothing will go over their heads, and nothing will fly under yours.<br /><br />The film follows an oddly mismatched group of animals who form a bond while living out their lives in the New York Zoo (depicted as like the smallest zoo in the history of forever).  One of those `friends' is Marty, a zebra who loathes the confines of his `area' and dreams of running free in his homeland.  His best friend is Alex, the conceited and self-centered lion who is the prime attraction of the zoo, and he takes that rather seriously.  Gloria, the hippo, is soft hearted yet opinionated and Melman is a germaphobic and paranoid giraffe.  Together, they make a fun group who wind up being shipwrecked on the island of Madagascar after a botched escape plan lands them on a boat headed for Kenya that is hijacked by penguins and rerouted.<br /><br />Yes, it's that kind of movie.<br /><br />Once on the island, Alex becomes devastated and irritated while Marty soaks it all in like he's hit the jackpot.  Then, they meet the lemurs and the lunacy begins as their leader tries to use the island's new inhabitants as cyphers for the island's dreaded carnivores.<br /><br />The music is fun, the voice acting is genius (especially on the part of Sacha Baron Cohen, David Schwimmer and Chris Miller) and the overall enjoyment factor is really, really high here.  This is a film the whole family can and will enjoy, from start to finish.<br /><br />We like to move it!
B004EPZ070|4.0|Movie was good, for a romantic comedy it was not too unrealistic and the only reason 1 star was taken off was for that it was hard to watch the gal opposite Kate Hudson suffer under her selfishness sooooooooooo long, but that drove home the point and set up the ending....pleasant weekend watch.
B000C65Z1G|5.0|With some thrilling cinematography, a gripping story and some powerful performances, `The Constant Gardener' is one of those films that continues to grow on me over time.  It has considerable staying power and the haunting truth behind the film's message is one that will take you by surprise, not in that you won't follow the subtle hints spread throughout, but in the effect that the realities it brings to light are ones you can't help but take home with you.<br /><br />You'll think about this one long after you've seen it.<br /><br />The film unfolds by shifting from present time to flashbacks that follow the murder of a diplomat's wife.  That diplomat is Justin Quayle, and his wife is an opinionated and fearless woman named Tessa.  Tessa is getting her hands dirty so-to-speak, uncovering the backdoor politics of a pharmaceutical company in Kenya.  Desperate to shut her up, Tessa is brutally murdered.  Leaping off the edge of sanity, her widowed husband makes it is goal to get to the bottom of her murder, and in doing so he uncovers more than he bargained for.<br /><br />His wife was a busy lady.<br /><br />Instead of becoming formulaic or predictable, `The Constant Gardener' bypasses those pitfalls by building a solid foundation for our attention and then surprising us with tonal shifts and deceptive stylistic approaches that color outside of the lines.  The film is beautifully constructed, and the use of flashback sequences is done with style and grace; used as a tool that is effective, not distracting (which can easily become a problem with that particular plot devise).  Fernando Meirelles has a superb grasp of his story, moving in and out in a way that attracts us to every scene.<br /><br />Then you have a slew of stellar performances that really captivate.<br /><br />The more I think about Weisz's performance the more it's proven that she earned that Oscar.  She develops such an interesting and soulful character, consumed with her passions and yet she elicits such passion in the viewer.  I still think she was in the wrong category (sorry, but she anchors this film), but I can't fault her placement (considering her screen time) or her win (even though I still think that Amy Adams and Michelle Williams were stronger overall).  Ralph Fiennes gives one of the best performances of his career as the increasingly more desperate and confused widower, and Danny Huston is impeccably smooth as Sandy, the elephant in the room.  They all come together flawlessly to create a stirring drama.<br /><br />Intense, provocative and profound; `The Constant Gardener' is top-notch indeed.he wrong category (sorry, but she anchors this film), but I can't fault her placement (considering her screen time) or her win (even though I still think that Amy Adams and Michelle Williams were stronger overall).  Ralph Fiennes gives one of the best performances of his career as the increasingly more desperate and confused widower, and Danny Huston is impeccably smooth as Sandy, the elephant in the room.  They all come together flawlessly to create a stirring drama.  Intense, provocative and profound; `The Constant Gardener' is top-notch indeed.
B002I0J5FG|5.0|Playing Ico and Shadow of the Colossus in HD was just like playing them for the first time again. The games are just like you remember, just... more pixels. If you loved these games the first time around... well, you've probably already bought this. Hooray!
031236198X|4.0|The book is a very easy read just like a story.<br />However once you start connecting the dots well, you can easily relate it to the corporate culture and map the characters to people at your job.<br /><br />The book does the job of bringing the thinking at various levels into perspective.
B0050XFY4O|1.0|This movie is just fuel to the fire that politicians need to make public hate gays even more. Being gay is fine and normal, but I am sorry relationships with siblings is not. It just a film to try and promote incest as normal behavior. I can recommend that, that is just not beautiful at all to me.
0802130208|5.0|It amazes me that this work of art doesn't have the full five stars it deserves here on Amazon.  I couldn't resist reading some of the 1-star reviews (which are often somewhat comical in themselves), and am now of the opinion that those reviewers were simply so ashamed at their inability to appreciate the book, their freshly discovered feelings of self-loathing so great and all-encompassing, that it simply enraged them.  Able to neither articulate these feelings, nor locate their true origin, they lashed out at the nearest inanimate object, as is perhaps their tribal custom.  So be it.  Their great loss.   To those readers possessed of an elevated sense of humor, and an appreciation for literary genius: read this book.  Purchase a few copies, actually, because when you lend it to friends -- which invariably happens -- you'll find that you never get it back.
B0052TDGQO|5.0|Should be a success, hope everyone enjoys it as much as me. Love the last song the old king james.
B003MZ0I84|5.0|I love this cd.  I went to an M5/Train concert a few months ago and mainly went to see Train.  M5 opened & they BLEW ME AWAY.  Adam Levine has a superb voice, even live (which is saying something in today's eWorld).  After that night, I was hooked and knew I had to buy one of their cd's.  Since I'm absolutely in love with their new \\"Moves Like Jagger\\" hit, I chose Hands All Over.  Sometimes you have to listen to a cd a few times to really get into it.  Not this one.  It grabs you from the get go.  It's funky, catchy and Levine can hold his own as the front man for delivering a sexy yet masculine musical style.  I will definitely be buying the M5 backlogged music.
B00023B1LC|3.0|This movie turned out fine. The movie arrived on time and had the extended features that were described in the product description.
B004DLPXAO|5.0|I can't get enough of this app, I have bought at least 20 books so far and saved a ton of money, because the books are so cheap. Not to mention I always have a lot of really good books at my fingertips, because I got them all right here on my HTC DESIRE. I'm from Denmark, so of course I have to be A-okay at English, but if that's covered, no problemo whatsoever &lt;333
B0034G4P8A|5.0|If you are a comic fan and don't mind a little cheesy acting than this movie is for you.  It is just fun and entertaining.  As for the digital copy, if you use Itunes this couldn't be easier.  Unlike other digital providers no subscription is needed, and the movie can be stored on you own computer.  I just wish that you recieved the HD version in the digital copy.
0823003035|5.0|After collecting many books on Anatomy and Drawing, Ryder's book takes a new a different approach to drawing.  Just as thoughtful and to the point like Andrew Loomis (a great Artist in his own right)This book does an amazing job in bringing a fresh new perspective for novice and Professional alike.  I've never felt more relaxed and was deeply engaged and excited in it's simplicity.  Highly recommend this book for all levels of Artist.  But do take heed-if your looking for quick shortcuts from this book, you're taking the material and your time for granted.
6304711905|5.0|We love this movie. Have watched it so many times have worn out 2 other DVDs. Our friends love it also. We have the lines memorized.
B005LY4B0A|5.0|keeps bugging me to review it but I guess it deserves it. like angry birds or cut the rope but requires more thought than luck
B004EPYZQM|4.0|I was alittle bummed that it didn't come in a purple blue ray case even though it is a blue ray/dvd combo, it comes in a dvd case. Thats the only reason why I gave it 4 stars, the movie was a 5 star.
B004J4WN0I|4.0|I have to say that Atticus is one sexy man, and as an Irish woman I have to say that I'd love to have a yummy druid of my very own! I just loved this story and all the mythology in it. Kevin did his research and not only is there a lot of irish mythology, but other cultures as well. I just love Oberon and I think that he makes a great compliment to Atticus. The story was a very quick read for me and I just can't wait to see what happens to the last druid next.<br />The end of this book has some short stories about Atticus and Oberon that I enjoyed as well, it was a nice little treat at the end. I will be on the lookout for Kevin Hearne in the future!
B002SRQ214|5.0|I got this recently a special deal for it where it was 119.98 . I bought it cause my first time building a computer originally had a Athlon II x 4 640 however I screwed the first one up cause being a noob mistakes can happen. However I did have some pretty good upgrading hardware skills so I decided to give it another try and if that time It didn't work I'd scrap my self made pc project. I decided If i was gonna give it a last try I'd pick up the best cpu i could afford being this one and it was on sale.  I popped it in everything came on no issues beenup and running for some time now. I noticed a great improvement performance wise over my other pc which is a Dell Optiplex 280gx . I decided to custom build cause I want a descent gaming pc for my sims Stuff I am into as well as First person shooter type games. Easier to self build rather then find upgrades for the optiplex. Everything went well minus the mishap and this cpu here made it a great computer so far I can't review much Windows 7 wise as I am using Ubuntu til i can afford to get Windows 7 I buy piece by piece due to my limited income I set aside each month for spending 135 for gaming and other electronics being thats my hobby . I am glad I got this cpu here it's good. and from other reviews I have read and vids on youtube The phenom's are better for gaming so far noticed improvement load wise even on farmville and other facebook games. The rendering of videos and such on youtube is much smoother. then the other pc. Everything runs faster and more high performance wise.  I would recommend this cpu it's a mid range and good price for those of us who are  on a fixed income and can't afford the prime rib of processors the i7 this one for my type of usage which includes painting drawing(bit of graphic art stuff I do) gaming, watching movies listening to music and general computing etc. this processor is great for those of uses and a good price. In otherwords it has a good price to performance ratio and if you pick it up and give it a try you won't be disappointed in it.ck it up and give it a try you won't be disappointed in it.
B001AQO3QA|5.0|One of the finest releases I have ever had the pleasure to own even more so now adding it to my Blu-Ray collection.<br /><br />The movies themselves are timeless and presented in their original glory plus FOX was kind  enough to release both Theatrical and Director's cut of the films.<br /><br />For all you special features fans out there this set does not disappoint, over 20 plus hours of special features including documentaries, production notes, behind the scenes and feature commentaries and that doesn't include the enhancement pods that have to be seen to be believed.<br /><br />Navigation is a breeze and exploring the history of these films is nothing short of astonishing, forget Star Wars, this series alone is the ultimate in Sci Fi!<br /><br />If I were to rate the films individually it would go like this:<br /><br />ALIEN: 10 out of 10.<br /><br />ALIENS: 10 out of 10.<br /><br />Alien 3: 8 out of 10, 9.3 out of 10 for the workprint.<br /><br />Alien Resurrection: 7.8 out of 10.<br /><br />I am very pleased with this set and hope to watch them all until the discs run down into tiny nubs of what they once were (especially since Blu Ray discs last much longer than regular DVD discs I can look forward to watching this series again and again for many years to come.<br /><br />What more can I say? Buy this set if you are a fan of great films or a dedicated cinephile like me. DIG IN!
B004EPYZOO|2.0|Good 'ol Nick Cage is out there making any movie he can to pay off his enormous debt and this movie is proof of that. Poor script, his acting in this movie is down and its really a very cheesy movie overall. They throw in some nudity and car scenes to attract an audience. But if you over 30 I doubt you'll like this movie.
B000HWZ4CA|5.0|We had seen this movie many years ago, enjoyed watching it again.  Nice that  Amazon lists some of the old classic movies on their site.  They are so good  about shipping things out quickly.
B005G4TJI4|5.0|this third installment to transformers is excellent, i was upset that i missed in in theaters but was really impressed with the movie when i finally saw it on dvd. this was a great adition to the series. i really don't think that this is the last movie. its to popular. they can go alot of ways with it. i do hope they make at least two more. movie was awesome great job guys. if you have not seen this movie then i recommend that you do
B0058WFO06|5.0|Well folks, this is easily the best piece of work to come out this year by anyone. Period. I have been a fan of Steve Wilson for nearly a decade and a half, and I can positvely say he has topped everything he has ever done with \\"Grace For Drowning\\". It also may be the best piece of work by anyone, ever, in modern music. Yes, it's that good. He has even topped Robert Fripp (even though some of what is played here reflects heavily and were inspired in some areas by Robert's early King Crimson works). But the interesting thing here is it crosses and brings together many artists influences (including his own Porcupine Tree, Blackfield and No-Man works)and places them together in an extremely unique blend that is only Steven Wilson. He is simply brilliant. It may take some time for people to realize it, but one day they will.<br /><br />It starts off with the gentle \\"Grace For Drowning\\" title track and leads into \\"Sectarian\\" which at times reminds me of Steve Hackett's \\"A Tower Struck Down\\" with some elements of early King Crimson mellotron added in. Some very interesting playing that creates a brilliant mood. It is followed by the beautiful \\"Deform To Form A Star\\" which could have easily been a track from a Porcupine Tree album or a Blackfield album. Then \\"No Part Of Me\\" with it's such appropriate lyrics in relation to current situations. As GFD progresses it goes through several interesting and fascinating pieces. Each track stands on it's own but somehow flows easily into the next just like they were meant to be part of each other. Another step on the journey. As the first disk comes to it's end with \\"Remainder The Black Dog\\" which amazingly features Steve Hackett on guitar.<br /><br />The second disk opens with the quiet \\"Belle De Jour\\" that falls right into one of the most brilliant tracks of the album \\"Index\\" (whose lyrics are so edgy and spot-on). It leads into \\"Track One\\" that has that very deep, incredible electronic bass sound that reminds me of the sound used by Pink Floyd in \\"Time\\" from \\"Dark Side Of The Moon\\". Not exactly the same or copied, but of it's own. And then  comes the longest track of the album \\"Raider II\\" that is absolutely amazing and has that \\"Twenty First Century Schizoid Man\\" style guitar riff. The CD ends with \\"Like Dust I Have Cleared From My Eye\\" that has that 60s psychedelia feel and sound with the haunting harmonizing voices. A perfect ending to an absolutely mind-expanding journey.<br /><br />I also wanted to mention the use of many great musicians featured here on this CD along with Steve Hackett, Steve Wilson also uses Hackett's current bass player Nick Beggs as well as King Crimson alumni Pat Mastellato and Tony Levin along with Jordan Rudess (from Dream Theater and the Dixie Dregs) and Theo Travis on sax, flute, and clarinet.<br /><br />I cannot recommend this CD enough to anyone who is serious about the music they listen to. This stuff is breath-taking. To me, it is a milestone.me\\" from \\"Dark Side Of The Moon\\". Not exactly the same or copied, but of it's own. And then  comes the longest track of the album \\"Raider II\\" that is absolutely amazing and has that \\"Twenty First Century Schizoid Man\\" style guitar riff. The CD ends with \\"Like Dust I Have Cleared From My Eye\\" that has that 60s psychedelia feel and sound with the haunting harmonizing voices. A perfect ending to an absolutely mind-expanding journey.  I also wanted to mention the use of many great musicians featured here on this CD along with Steve Hackett, Steve Wilson also uses Hackett's current bass player Nick Beggs as well as King Crimson alumni Pat Mastellato and Tony Levin along with Jordan Rudess (from Dream Theater and the Dixie Dregs) and Theo Travis on sax, flute, and clarinet.  I cannot recommend this CD enough to anyone who is serious about the music they listen to. This stuff is breath-taking. To me, it is a milestone.
B000VDUWMC|3.0|Kindle version has no pictures. extra words extra words extra words extra words extra words extra words extra words extra words extra words extra words
B002V092M4|1.0|Would love to read this but it's not currently an option in Canada (Kindle version). Please bring this to Canada.
B005HWUBZ0|1.0|a few knocks off the bat he is alright nothing really stands out. decent voice, but it ain't like i haven't heard it done better before.  nothing much stands out in the songwriting department. lyrics are suppose to be risque or eye opening however they just feel like what i had expected.  another wanna be retro act which is a tired concept in the business these days because problem is when you usually try to sound Old, you do tend to sound old and that usually means a sound and no songs to match.  try,try as you might having a Motown based sound and Having Motown based songs are two entirely different things. vocally its aight, just don't get the hype at all.
0385738773|2.0|I felt like I was being mentally tortured reading this book. Same with book 2. It's like the Wiley Coyote that never gets the roadrunner.  All you want to do is see the Gladers get some revenge or some answers, and they never get it. Dasher just keeps dragging you along while these kids keep getting screwed over, with constant promise that the next page will be better. This is not a good way to treat your readers. Dashner, realize that were were actually screwing us over, not just the Gladers. This may have been acceptable for a few chapters--not spanned across 3 books.   Book 1 was good, I will admit. Book 2 should have been titled \\"The Dashner Trials\\", and book 3 \\"More Dashner Trials\\", because I honestly felt like I was being put through trials myself, over and over, endlessly, with no reason to keep going. Really? All those boys had to die.....so someone could study their brain patters? Not justified.   Dasher is a good writer. The problem is that he keeps going on and on forever with nothing good happening, just bad.  I wasted $16 on this book, trying to get some sense of conclusion to the series. This book was so bad I honestly could't finish it. I couldn't even get through half of it. I did try to skim through, or speed read, but I honesly lost interest. And that was after investing many hours in the book 1 and 2, and being extremely determined to find out what was going on in this story.   Sorry if I seem harsh, I'm just being honest. I truly want my money back.
B0050SYS5A|5.0|I completely cleared out a bedroom to make it a designated Kinect room for the family and the original Kinect didn't like the size of the room. The ZOOM accessory is much more accommodating for small areas.
B004AKCME8|5.0|I've never read the books but this film was visually stunning, with great emotional music. The storyline was great. I was blow away by this movie. I actually had to pause and rewind one scene that was just too awesome. 5 stars all the way. Period.
0670022411|1.0|She reads her manuscripts.  She runs.  She rows.  She sees vampires.  Repeat.  I will admit I only made it about 4-5 hours in to the audio book but my goodness...it went no where.  I started to despise the main character and found myself constantly rolling my eyes.  Never mind the fact that there were no real connections between any of the characters.  The main character is completely narcissistic and self loathing for no apparent reasons.  Ugh I just had to give up.  It was so BORING!  The one good quality is in the descriptive details of the surroundings although this author takes descriptive to a new level.  And she should have invested in a thesaurus.  If you're looking for a good supernatural story...skip this one immediately.
0446691437|5.0|This book is incredible. There are some people who are going to claim this is new agey, but I find many people like this are the type of people who don't want any advice that requires them to do hard inner work and examine their own inner demons and their own egos and own their dark sides. They simply want a step-by-step plan that just tells them everything to do in detail. If this is your mindset, this book won't work for you. It's more about adjusting self-sabotaging mindsets and worldviews rather than a technical manual for breaking writer's block.  I find a great companion for this book is A New Earth. Pressfield's Resistance is very related to Tolle's Ego, and reading both of them creates an experience that is more than the sum of their parts.
B000FC1AGG|5.0|Bought this book in the airport awhile back, I started laughing out loud on the very first page and continued intermittently for the rest of the flight.  I flew through it and so will you - funnier and a quicker read than Kinsella's Shopaholic series.
0553801473|2.0|On the back cover of the book a journalist states that Martin is the closest thing America has to Tolkien.  While Tolkien's work will be cherished by readers for years to come, this series has little chance of being a book of all time. It has nothing of the epic nature of the LOTR--except its length.  A better comparison of this work would be with the \\"Wheel of Time\\" series. Neither brings the story to any resolution at any point. This, to this reader, is the most frustrating element of this series in an often frustrating read.<br /><br />Martin stated he would finish the series at book 4; book 4 stretched on in to book 5. Book 5, however, is not a conclusion. The story just stops. It doesn't take a prophet to see that more books will be coming from Martin in this series. I will make a personal prophetic utterance at this point: Though I will read several hundreds of books before I leave this mortal coil, another book in the Song of Ice and Fire series will not be one of them.
B004XJHBCE|5.0|I tried a number of similar apps and found this one to be the most powerful and easy to use.  I had problems with a similar app when I upgraded to Gingerbread but this one works flawlessly.  I love the fact that when I install new apps that it prompts me to select a folder for it.  Well worth the price!<br /><br />-------update 3-31-13---------<br /><br />Still using this app on my new phone (not new any more..... More than a year old).  I have a Galaxy Nexus that just got the Jelly Bean 4.2.2 update and this app still works great.  I prefer it to the built in folders that the Android operating system has.  More options with favorites and control of list order.  Also has numerous ways to label the folder by icon symbols which I take advantage of.  Works well and I do recommend it.
B000KIE11Q|3.0|Must agree - its a great looking watch. i got this a couple of years back - could not wear it enough due to the plastic band connectors in between breaking too frequently. i am surprized how such a design flaw was overlooked. the connectors are just not good enough to be intact. does anybody know if Swatch could be contacted for a solution?
B0024FAR5M|4.0|I don't have cable and this is a great way to watch as if I'm really watching the series the first year. I watch one episode per week. Every Monday I watch one show and can't wait to watch next week.  The dvd arrived in short order. Thank you Amazon.
B00505470O|5.0|Bought this on the strength of the song \\"Feel It All Around\\" from the disc \\"Life of Leisure\\".  Hands down a perfect chill album from the first to last song.  Highly recommended.
B005FUTBWS|2.0|On the way to school, Travis (Michael Angarano) notices members of the Five Points Church, led by Abin Cooper (Michael Parks) protesting the funeral of a local gay teenager who was found murdered. During Travis' first class, his teacher talks about how Cooper and his church had their town ridiculed for his actions and beliefs. Later, Jared (Kyle Gallner), a friend of Travis, reveals he received an invitation from a woman he met on a sex site for group sex with himself, Travis and Billy Ray (Nicholas Braun). They borrow Travis' parent's car and travel out into the country to meet with the woman.<br /><br />Along the way, they accidentally sideswipe the vehicle of Sheriff Wynan (Stephen Root), while he was engaged in a homosexual affair in his car. Afraid, the boys drive off. Sheriff Wynan returns to the station and tells his deputy Pete (Matt L. Jones) to go and look for the vehicle. Meanwhile, the boys arrive at the trailer of the woman who sent out the invitation, Sarah Cooper (Melissa Leo). She encourages them to drink, and after being drugged by the beer, they pass out while undressing. Jared wakes up while being moved in a covered cage. He realizes he is in the sanctuary at Five Points after he identifies Cooper. Cooper begins a long, hate-filled sermon before identifying another captive, a homosexual they lured in through an internet chat room. They bind him to a cross using saran wrap, violently execute him with a revolver and drop him into a small crawl space where Travis and Billy Ray are bound together.<br /><br />Cooper then begins binding Jared to the cross, but stops when he notices Pete driving up to the church. Travis and Billy Ray use a protruding bone from the corpse to cut themselves free, which is heard by Caleb (Ralph Garman). He lifts up the trap door just in time to see Billy Ray escape and begins after him. Billy Ray is not able to help Travis out of his tight saran wrap cuffs and leaves him for dead. Caleb chases Billy Ray while passing Travis into a room stocked with weapons, where the two end up shooting and killing each other. Pete hears the gunshots and calls Wynan for back-up, but is shot and killed by Mordechai (James Parks). Cooper then blackmails Wynan, telling him to stay away or he will reveal Wynan's homosexuality to his wife. In despair, Wynan calls ATF Agent Joseph Keenan (John Goodman), who begins setting up outside of the church.<br /><br />While the family mourn Caleb, Travis (who had broken free and feigned death alongside Billy Ray's corpse) arms himself and makes a run for it, eventually making it outside where he is shot and killed by Wynan, who mistook him for a member of the congregation. Keenan tries to reason with the family but a shoot-out erupts instead after one Keenan's men is shot in the head. In the midst of the shooting, Agent Keenan receives a call from ATF higher-ups ordering him to start a full raid of the complex to ensure that no witnesses remain of the operation, and no one can tell of their mess up. Another tactical agent named \\"Harry\\" (Kevin Alejandro) struggles with this decision and argues with Keenan in private against doing this. Keenan coldly dismisses Harry's protests for personal reasons -- rationalizing his decision based on personal gain and the reputation of the ATF -- and Harry storms off in disgust. During the shoot-out, Cheyenne (Kerry Bish&eacute;) unbinds Jared, begging him to help her hide the children.<br /><br />Jared coldly refuses due to the fact that the church is evil and had killed both his best friends, and the arguement turns into a fight. Sarah notices them and attacks Jared. Cheyenne tries to break up the fight and accidentally shoots Sarah in the process, killing her. Jared, realizing no matter what he does he will end up dead, helps Cheyenne hide the children. They run outside to plead with Keenan to spare the children but are brutally shot and murdered by Tactical Agent Harry, who has come around to accepting Keenan's rationales, thoughKeenan is now visibly disturbed the reality of this outcome and Harry's actions. The shoot-out is then suddenly interrupted when a mysterious loud trumpet ominously blast echos across the sky.<br /><br />If \\"Red State\\" proves one thing it is that Kevin Smith is a much better writer than he is a director. In the comedy genre, direction only matters so much. If the jokes aren't there, what can a director do? He can't make \\"nothing\\" funny. In the horror genre, the role of the director is key. He is responsible for the scares, the pacing, the thrills, and the overall tone of the movie. \\"Red State\\" works as written but the film as directed is a bit of a mess. Far too many characters, a limp, lackluster editing, and too many \\"Kevin Smith type\\" characters. I kept thinking how a movie like this would be directed in the hands of a more accomplished filmmaker who could get a hold of the subject matter such as Rob Zombie. I appreciate the effort here and the performances are all uniformally good but it all adds up to very little.f this outcome and Harry's actions. The shoot-out is then suddenly interrupted when a mysterious loud trumpet ominously blast echos across the sky.  If \\"Red State\\" proves one thing it is that Kevin Smith is a much better writer than he is a director. In the comedy genre, direction only matters so much. If the jokes aren't there, what can a director do? He can't make \\"nothing\\" funny. In the horror genre, the role of the director is key. He is responsible for the scares, the pacing, the thrills, and the overall tone of the movie. \\"Red State\\" works as written but the film as directed is a bit of a mess. Far too many characters, a limp, lackluster editing, and too many \\"Kevin Smith type\\" characters. I kept thinking how a movie like this would be directed in the hands of a more accomplished filmmaker who could get a hold of the subject matter such as Rob Zombie. I appreciate the effort here and the performances are all uniformally good but it all adds up to very little.
B004VF68AQ|4.0|In light of the PITIFUL state the music industry is in currently (forever more????) any JA is welcome. Anyone else notice the only bands delivering the goods anymore are from the last golden age of Rock 'n' Roll? The whole EA lack of involvement debate is tired & overwrought...who cares. 3 beat 1! As for the album, it is a natural evolution & progression for the band. Upon first listen, it isn't as \\"hooky\\" as 'Strays' (which IMO was more reminicsent of NS & RDLH.) However, this is not a bad thing. These dudes are either 50 or pushing 50 so some mellowing & life experience is rather expected. It would be pretty lame & contrived if they were still jamming out about 3 ways &  all things dope related. I will say Perry is still the MASTER at evoking emotion as he does here with \\"Twisted Tales.\\" Pretty triumphant & very real. I am now running through this LP for the second time after a nights sleep and things are starting to click, nuances jumping out, what I perceived to be subtle hooks are becoming more assertive. All in all i think this is brilliant. 5 stars??? Nah man, 5 star albums come out once, maybe twice every decade. But this is certainly in keeping with the quality one comes to expect from Janes & worthy addition to their glorious musical canon.
B00006FDCD|3.0|Stephen King is a very derrivative writer, and in many respects the 1986 novel IT reflects his 1982 novella \\"The Body,\\" which is better known as the film STAND BY ME--and perhaps more specifically the 1979 Peter Straub novel GHOST STORY.  \\"The Body\\" tells of a group of boys who take a long walk to see the dead body of an accidentally killed child, and who must confront not only their own fears, various frightening accidents, and a gang of vicious bullies; GHOST STORY concerns a group of boys who find themselves terrorized by a shape-shifting spirit who returns years later to further terrorize them as adults.  Although there are marked similarities, IT casts a somewhat wider net: in this instance the children--six boys and one girl--confront a shape-shifting creature that has been described as an inter-dimensional predator, something that slips between space and time to attack at will.  From time to time this creature appears in the small Maine town of Derry, where it kills children until its thirst is slaked.  Thereafter, and under the creature's influence, the town tends to forget that such murders happened ... until the next time.<br /><br />Like the book, this made-for-television version slips back in forth in between the late 1950s and the late 1980s (the film was made in 1990.  It typically appears in the guise of a clown, the better to lure children; if this fails, however, it can assume the form that which you love the most--or that which frightens you the most, depending on which is more effective.  After several murders, the children confront the monster and believe they have killed it, but they take an oath to return to Derry if It ever reappears.  Time passes, and their memory of the events fade, and they each go on to separate lives.  But quite suddenly the only one of the group to remain in Derry, librarian Richie Tozier (Harry Anderson), discovers that It has returned and the murders have resumed.  He telephones the circle of childhood friends, but only five return to honor their oath: one, too afraid to confront the monster again, commits suicide instead.  Once reunited, the remaining six do battle with the monster.<br /><br />Now, quite frankly, how much the film works depends a lot on whether you think clowns are creepy.  If you do, it will probably work for you and then some.  If you don't, you'll at least find the film well-made.  The cast is extremely good, with Harry Anderson, Annette O'Toole, John Ritter, and Richard Thomas particularly memorable.  Oddly, and although it was hailed at the time, Tim Curry's turn as Pennywise--the clown-guise in which It usually appears--is not as memorable as one might expect. Although slightly dated by today's standards, the the special effects are still quite effective, and director Tommy Lee Wallace drives the action at a good pace.  The film was originally shown in two parts on television, and the construction makes it obvious where commercials were inserted and the two parts were divided; the DVD quality, however, is very good indeed, although there are no significant special features beyond a director's commentary.  Recommended for King fans.<br /><br />GFT, Amazon Reviewerurn to honor their oath: one, too afraid to confront the monster again, commits suicide instead.  Once reunited, the remaining six do battle with the monster.  Now, quite frankly, how much the film works depends a lot on whether you think clowns are creepy.  If you do, it will probably work for you and then some.  If you don't, you'll at least find the film well-made.  The cast is extremely good, with Harry Anderson, Annette O'Toole, John Ritter, and Richard Thomas particularly memorable.  Oddly, and although it was hailed at the time, Tim Curry's turn as Pennywise--the clown-guise in which It usually appears--is not as memorable as one might expect. Although slightly dated by today's standards, the the special effects are still quite effective, and director Tommy Lee Wallace drives the action at a good pace.  The film was originally shown in two parts on television, and the construction makes it obvious where commercials were inserted and the two parts were divided; the DVD quality, however, is very good indeed, although there are no significant special features beyond a director's commentary.  Recommended for King fans.  GFT, Amazon Reviewer
B005HV6Y5W|1.0|This film was awe-inspiring, much in the same way some of my Windows screensavers are, except I don't choose to stare at those for three hours straight because, I'm sorry, but life is just too short.  I wouldn't mind some of what Malick and some of these 5-star reviewers are smoking.
B000TXZVGQ|5.0|What more can I say about this series that hasn't been said by the other reviewers. I watched this series back in 1995 when I aired on MTV, and this DVD set is a keeper I will share with my kids when they reach their teens.
0521675804|5.0|i like the book it's nice for beginner in English as me .<br />you will see that from the review .
142311339X|5.0|Very engaging book series!!!  Awesome characters.  Gives new lives to the Greek gods and goddesses.  Can't wait for the next one.
0823004325|5.0|this is a wonderful book.  tons of detailed drawings; the written portions of the book are easy to understand and helpful.  Terrific book.  I love it.
B005IS565S|5.0|I just started listening to this awesome band last year and the sound and lyrics are so addicting. There is so much about this band and what they stand for and wright in there lyrics that I relate to in my life. I just wish I would have started listening to them when they came out with their first album. Better late than never. I have listened to a lot of bands over my years of existence and most of them change there sound and or change to what the industry tells them too. But this band is staying true to the rhythm, the melody, and the Heavy Metal riffs that made them one of the best bands I have ever heard. And this CD confirms that they will not change and will not take any crap from people telling them what they can do or can't do in the industry of Music.   I highly recommend this album and the last 2 also. Once you listen and feel the music you will be addicted just like I am.
0156027321|4.0|One boy, one Bengal tiger, one orangutan, one hyena, one crippled zebra, one beheading, one magnificent botanical discovery, and one truly inspirational read spark your interest??  Excellent, because Life of Pi written by Yann Martel is a truly ASTOUNDING novel.  Not only does this share a truly unique twist on a survival story, but also incorporates many subtleties that encourage the reader to dig deeper and unravel the true meaning of what is said.  The inclusion of religion adds to the broader picture of the novel as well as the use of extreme description at every turn.  Some may find the ending to be controversial but all will find the ending to be unique.  When one begins reading our grande novel you might think \\"how boring!!\\"  But you as a reader must suffer through this first part, for it includes unparalled details that explain Pi's unique role and situation on this earth.  This explanation includes his religion(s) and knowledge of zoology, both of which help our dear protagonist very much in the latter \\"pieces to the puzzle\\".  Every piece of this puzzle will eventually fall into place and make perfect sense later on in the novel. For those who are searching for an involved religious novel that includes graphic sensory details and a superb plot line this is right up your alley.  But please do pay attention to detail for it will help you further enjoy the novel and (for those being tested on it) will help you fully understand what you are reading as to answer the test questions with much more clarity.
B003Y5H57O|4.0|When I first heard that they were coming out with another [[ASIN:B001CW7ZWG The Thing  [Blu-ray]]], I got incredibly upset because I thought it was just another remake. Well, it turned out it is a prequel to a remake, the 1982 version. I still was skeptical about a prequel of a movie from almost 30 years ago. Surprisingly I was blow away by the little things that were thrown into the 2011 prequel which linked to the 1982 version. Little things like the ax in the wall that Kurt Russell sees when he first visits the Norwegian base, the burnt thing outside the base as well as so many other little similarities which perfectly link the two movies. It was very well done and completely took me off guard as I expected this to be a quick slasher remake just to make cash for Universal.<br /><br />They did a great job of respecting the original work and perfectly blending the end of this film into the beginning of the 1982 version of The Thing with Kurt Russell. Make sure you stay for the credits as little clips connect to the start of the 1982 version.<br /><br />Yes, The Thing alien was pretty much all CGI, however they did a really good job of it and some things actually surprised me how well they did it and how far they took it. The cast and acting was perfect and felt right throughout the film. Yes, it lacked some character development, however they used fear and the casts reactions as a solid character introduction.<br /><br />Nothing will ever top the 1982 version of The Thing, however this 2011 version of The Thing is a perfect Prequel to that and I could not have asked for a better horror flick. One recommendation I have is that if you see the 2011 The Thing in theaters or watch it at home on Blu, make sure to clear your schedule and watch the 2011 version and the 1982 version back to back. You will be quite surprised by the similarities and the amazing level of detail to each and every scene. The makers of the 2011 The Thing must be huge fans of the 1982 version as they made a perfect prequel to such an amazing film.to such an amazing film.
0452289963|5.0|Very few things in life affected me the way this book did.  It literally transformed the course of my destiny. After three readings since 2008,it remains at my bedside and I still recommend it to everyone I know.
0439813786|5.0|I have a 5 year old and 3 year old. Both of them love this book. It's good for pre-readers as well as early readers, and you won't mind reading it as an adult either. Lot's of pictures and my 5 year old daughter loves talking about the fact that she is \\"reading\\" a 530 page book to her friends.
B004I8WD6E|4.0|[[VIDEOID:mo4KDKOZEH2T5Y]]
0446547654|3.0|Typical sparks plotline, but not his best story. Good book- but predictable and kind of a repeat of previous books of his. I would recommend but its not his best. His past novels some of them I prefer much better but overall sad in a good way :)
B000LAZDQA|5.0|The movie was refreshing and well made.I appreciated the originality, the acting,the storyline.I was surprised to see real and  unsimulated sex scenes.I enjoyed the movie very much. THUMBS UP!
B005WMQ5R8|5.0|This is one of the most important anime to come along in years. Not only is it visually stunning, but the music and sounds make it truly brilliant. The styling of it makes it so appealing to watch that you won't want it to end. Combine that with an amazing soundtrack, and you will be glad you own it. If you have a home theater system, it will shake your walls.   This is one of those movies that even if you aren't an anime fan, you will love it. All I can say is if you are uncertain about buying it, don't be. Here is the official story synopsis since Amazon doesn't have anything up yet.  REDLINE is about the biggest and most deadly racing tournament in the universe. Only held once every five years, everyone wants to stake their claim to fame, including JP, a reckless dare-devil driver oblivious to speed limits with his ultra-customized car - all the while, organized crime and militaristic governments want to leverage the race to their own ends. Amongst the other elite rival drivers in the tournament, JP falls for the alluring Sonoshee - but will she prove his undoing, or can a high speed romance survive a mass destruction race?
B0058ZWRVC|5.0|This was easily the best thing I saw in 2009, so I disagree with the other reviews strenuously, although I agree the trailers were misleading. It's a quiet character drama with a pitch-perfect ensemble cast. And it's also super-funny - just not in the over the top, ha-ha way suggested by the trailers. Highly highly recommended.
B0058VA2TU|5.0|Thank you Anthrax - Great Metal Album - start to finish. If you were yearning for some old school Anthrax here it is. Buy It...you wont be sorry.
B002RI9HUM|5.0|This is the first Marian Keyes book that i have read.  It is funny, easy to read but has depth.  I will be definitely seeking out more books by this author.
B005SAY404|2.0|This was the last season of House MD, now officially cancelled.  Episode twelve (\\"Chase\\") of this season is perhaps the best of the season.<br /><br />Season Four of House is well worth watching and I highly recommend it.  It earned the show its highest ratings.<br /><br />Season eight, on the other hand, was very disappointing.  Ratings reflect this - the number of people watching fell to the point where the show's owners had no choice but to cancel.<br /><br />House used to be a great man.  World renowned diagnostician, receiving dozens of unsolicited CV every day, sought after by the rich and famous, had a top-notch staff, and had a positive, yet adversarial, relationship with hospital administration.  His playful antics winnowing down 40 applicants for staff replacements in season four were hilarious.<br /><br />Unfortunately, for much of season eight he was a criminal wearing an ankle monitor with one useless employee and despised by everyone.  It was just dark.  The whole show was dark.  Even cinematography had taken to using a green tint and weak lighting.  Audio bumped up background noise so vocals were hard to hear.  The soundtrack was dire rather than uplisting and inspiring.  I imagine when a show has to cut it's budget everything gets darker, but this was just the wrong way to go.<br /><br />Two critical actors left the show before this season, taking the characters of Cuddy and Thirteen with them.<br /><br />House was one of the last intelligent shows left and it was sad to learn of its cancellation.
0385495323|5.0|Mr. Singh has written a masterpiece of science non-fiction.  His writing is terrific - clear, non-technical, entertaining.  No doubt some of the ideas he discusses in the book are weighty, like the workings of the Enigma machine and asymetric encryption.  But Mr. Singh explains them in a way that anyone can understand and enjoy.  He uses nice analogies where appropriate, but doesn't dumb down the science or the math.  Even if you have little or no interest in cryptology (but you will!), you will enjoy this book as a great example of fine science writing.
B0041KKYGU|3.0|I saw this in theater after my sister said it was very funny and very good. I should've remember that he tastes in movies are not that good. Dont get me wrong this was an ok movie. Yeah it had its moments but most of the jokes are funny for a second and then you think...ok? Now there were scenes worth remembering, especially the car wash scene. But the problem is all the best scenes were in the trailers. A person can take all of the trailers and splice them and you get the film.  Now the true star of the film was Justin Timberlake who I beginning to like as an actor and he was actually good in it. Now one big problem I had with the movie was that the ending I saw coming....Like 10 minutes or so into the movie. It was predictable.  All in all, it had a kind of a good story, but bottom line is, dont buy but rent.  Pros:  -Has its moments  -Justin Timberlake is good in it  -Car wash scene  -Kind of a good storyline  Cons:  -Most of the gags are funny for a second  -Very very predictable ending  -Most of the best stuff were in the trailers (splice all the trailers together and you get the movie)
B002SSUQFG|5.0|I purchased this watch because it's a mechanical movement (love my mechanical movements) and it's handsome.  Yes, smallish.  The web band I like but keep in mind it will \\"pill\\" over time but that can be cleaned up.  It's a good outdoors-mans (woman's) watch that works well with casual dress.  It's also available in other colors.  Nice military style mechanical watch.  Just be aware of the size.
B0057R5XRG|1.0|Hi Def digest says picture quality is 3.5 out of 5 stars for 1, 3 for #2 and 4 for # 3.  When Blu ray first appeared, studios took pride and spent money to upgrade their \\"classics\\" and blockbusters.  \\"Dog Day Afternoon\\", \\"North By Northwest\\" all the Connery Bond pictures.  Now they seem to have found a way to make them good enough and we suckers seem to be ok with that.  Today I stop being okay with that and will not be purchasing these discs.  Also, they cram each disc with so many special features to save a whopping $1.50 on an extra disc and the picture quality suffers.
B005HS00P0|5.0|I've been a fan of M83 since Dead Cities came out and this is his best yet. Maybe it's because I am a sucker for glitz or because I'm the same age of the album's creator and experienced the 80s in a similar way. But I feel that this is an album that you need to give your full attention to and if you do, it can devour you.  It's so large that it feels like an entire universe.  I don't think my brain has ever been exposed to so much serotonin at once; I can't say I'm a terribly emotional person, but it made me want to weep. Anthony Gonzales has proven in the past that he can create very cinematic music, but here he paints a picture so vividly impressionistic it's almost a hallucination. I feel like I'm looking back fondly on the innocence of childhood and emotion of my teen years, coupled with a story of a journey, with periods of wonder, fear, loss, happiness and triumph.  I almost wish that it was released with a short story, but I guess we are meant to come up with our own. Gonzales has dropped a few ambiguous hints though, that it is about dreams, youth and siblings; the first album is the spirit of the brother and the second the sister and the two are mirrors of each other. But the mystery and vastness of it all can be summed up by those opening whispers that really make you think about life, reality and dreams.
B005LY4B0A|5.0|Great app.  Very addicting and hard to put down once you start playing.  Playing on an elocity A7 with no problems.
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|This movie will take you through so many emotions.  It is a wonderful movie and the book is even better.  I highly recommend everyone see it.
B002N5N4M6|5.0|Why review the CDs of these Seasons? We all know they are hilarious and as a grandmother, I can share them with my grandchildren with no generation gap.
B005LY4B0A|5.0|This is a pretty fun and somewhat challenging puzzle game. Recommended if you want to kill some time. Thank dev team
B001UV4XJ2|2.0|It doesn't work with iTunes. It is in the new Ultraviolet platform and is not an improvement upon iTunes, nor do I need two different catalog systems for my entertainment. The Ultraviolet format is incompatible with various devices - it is buggy and as mentioned, yet another service to sign up for.
B0055SWM08|4.0|sweet game play. nice fluid movement. highly recommended.  looking forward to future games. a more mature angry birds.  yo gabba gabba.
B001GZV26E|2.0|I was excited to get this new \\"HiFi\\" copy since my original was worn and crackly.  What a disappointment!  The sound is muffled and nowhere near as good as the original.  My advice is to skip this overpriced poser.
B002N5N5LG|5.0|Community is a fantastic comedy  that balances well thought out character development, goofyness, witty cultural references, and strong story structure. Every character, even the supporting cast leaves you wishing for more, they aren't stereotypes speaking stand-up lines in front of a camera, Community is funny because its characters are funny people. If you are already a fan of Community go ahead and buy it, let NBC know we need more smart, mold breaking programming!
B005FLX2WC|3.0|Firstly, from the outset, can I say I admire both artists, but particularly Joe Bonamassa whose recent output with \\"Dust Bowl\\" and \\"Live at the Royal Albert Hall\\" have been inspired, because they have shown a mature blues guitarist near the top of his game both in songwriting and performance. I have Beth Hart's '37 days' and in spite of her Joplinesque tendencies to over-reach, she too is an artist with blues in her blood, and late night blues club huskiness.<br /><br />Where I digress is in this notion that they are so suited to one another.<br /><br />To me, Beth Hart on this album excels on tracks like \\"Your Heart is as Black as Night\\" and the ghost of Billie Holiday track \\"Don't Explain\\" which are both light jazzy torch numbers, and to be honest, she could have anyone backing her to my ears. When Bonamassa does amp up his guitars, again he might as well be in a vacuum because I aint thinking of Hart. Hart's range isn't that great. The voice is sexy in a raspy way but not that broad on emotion, to my ears. I would have liked someone like Susan Tedeschi or Ruthie Foster myself but then, they can play their own guitars.<br /><br />If I had seen this at my local beer garden on Sunday arvo, I would have been well pleased. As a competitive blues rock product, it underwhelms a bit. Entertaining then, but not essential.
B003H9M1QM|5.0|Blu-ray DVD combo pack arrived right on schedule, and the price was less than advertised.  I would definitely order from this vendor again.
B004L35GAQ|5.0|Awolnation's Megalithic Symphony is one of the best albums I have heard in a very long time.  The music encourages, makes you dance, and fall in love with music all over again.  The energy is intoxicating.  Thank you Arron Bruno!
B004LTB5OG|2.0|After listening to the samples, this sounded like a winner...but the short excerpts of lengthy songs belied the essence of the music.  It was more noise than integrated tones.  Bordered on basic-poor heavy metal
B004J4WKUQ|5.0|If you like sci fi and obscure 1980's references, then Ready Player One is for you. I couldn't put it down. I have no complaints about the book, which is a rarity. The only negative is that it might be made in to a movie and I firmly believe any movie would be awful and incapable of living up to the book.<br /><br />This is Ernest Cline's first published book and he hit it out of the park. I look forward to reading more from him.
B0040YFR1Y|3.0|First off let me say that the original Predator movie is one of my favorite movies of all time. So this movie had little chance to blow my socks off. However, it was a pretty decent movie. The story kept me interested. It gave props to the first movie and all of the characters were at the very least decent.
B003NFM3JK|5.0|First, just because the Disney name is attached, do not think for a moment that this is a movie suitable for young children.  It is not.  Who it is suitable for is fully grown adults.  The visual effects are absolutely stunning, and the story is very faithful to the actual Dickens book.  Frankly, it can be quite disturbing to young viewers.  But it can also be disturbing to adult viewers in a way that Dickens himself would most likely have approved.  In fact, I think it relays the message he intended to relay: Fear death now while ye yet live and can make changes.  I knew from the moment that Jacob Marley made his deathly appearance, wrapped in chains that he forged in life, that this was going to be a moving experience.    Scrooge: \\"What do you want with me?\\"    Marley (dragging his chains): \\"Ooooh, much! ... Aaaaaahg!\\"    Throughout his conversation with Scrooge, he is preoccupied with looking at the chains he is bound with.  \\"I wear the chains I forged in life.  I made it link by link and yard by yard.  Can you recognize it's pattern?  Can you imagine the lengths and weight of the chain you bear?  Yours is a ponderous chain\\".  The ghost of Christmas past is ghostly, and his voice is like the flickering of the candle he is represented as.  The Ghost of Christmas Present dies as though by heart attack while a giant bell tolls.  And the Ghost of Christmas yet to Come is, frankly, frightening - even to an adult.  He appears as nothing more than something like a three dimensional shadow.  The kind of thing that makes me wish I had seen this one, at least, in 3D on the big screen.  The story is fantastically faithful to the original text as penned by Dickens.  The dialogue is fantastic, even by today's standards: \\"Would you so soon put out, with your worldly hands, the light that I give?\\"  Just.... WOW.
B003UESJF6|5.0|This is ment to be a gift.  I know that the person receiving this gift will be very happy with it.
1423140591|4.0|The first book of the Heroes of Olympus series drew me in with it's interesting and imaginative characters. Getting a different perspective on the world of demigods through the eyes of Leo and Piper, as well as the mystery surrounding Jason made it a great start to a new series. However, I feel as if the return of Percy dampened this 'newness' that the series brought with it. Of course, new characters are introduced, and they are really what drive the story for me, especially Frank. He is a beautifully written character with great depth. Hazel, on the other hand, I think could have used a bit more heart put into her. She has just as much of a backstory, but it didn't feel quite as deep for me.<br /><br />Getting a first-hand look into the world of Roman demigods is definitely the most interesting part of the books to me, and also one of the shorter parts of the novel. The key points get covered, and I can't think of anything that was missed, but I felt as if it could have used a bit more story there. The actual quest wasn't nearly as engaging as the camp itself, although character bits like the introduction of the harpy were great additions. The traveling and side-quests seemed almost too drawn out, making me wonder at the end if they would have enough pages left to actually finish the story.<br /><br />All this aside, Son of Neptune is a good book. It has the humor I've come to know as part of both the Percy Jackson series and the Heroes of Olympus. There are already threads of 'fate' being woven for future novels, and the mix of Greek and Roman mythologies makes for a really interesting read. As usual, Riordan finds a way of making you feel for almost all of the heroes in one form or another, although this book seems to suggest that quite a few of them may not meet a happy ending.
6304711891|5.0|I purchased this DVD from Amazon because I like to watch movies without commercial interruptions and when I have time to watch from beginning to end. I also like all the actors in this film.
B002E2M3LG|3.0|I was a bit disappointed with the edited versions of some songs, and would agree with a similar review, that it would do wonders for this album if it were released as a double disk, possibly two 12\\" 45rpm disks would give this album what it deserves to be heard as intended.  Unfortunetly, this version of the album is a ghost of what it should be.  Freddie's vocals are over-mixed, overly bright, and badly clipped.  The drums can be drowned out by a keyboard part, or even worse are some of the guitars in the background, having something louder interfere with the level of the track.  This shouldn't be from vinyl, I've heard better quality on a youtube video than I have with this release.  Maybe it's just my copy that has a serious flaw, I intend to find another copy to see for myself.  Anyone who would consider themselves a serious listener and seek vinyl records over most other media may be just as disappointed.  FYI  Please note that I am in no way making a comment on the content of the album, the music in and of itself is great, the performance of the band on this album is stellar as always.  Some of my favorite songs this band has recorded are on this album, so I was quite excited when I ordered this vinyl reissue, only to be quite disappointed with the sound quality, and edited songs.
B004EPZ07U|4.0|This review is for the \\"extended edition\\" BD/DVD combo set (I say this because Amazon tends to clump different versions together).  I missed the flick at the theater...  going to theaters has become an ordeal anyway, so now that I have a great home theater system, it's almost a waste of time to go to a normal theater.  Unless something's showing at the Alamo Drafthouse (a local restaurant/bar/theater where you can order food and drinks during the show, and which is not open to the under-twenty-one crowd in general!), I never go to the theater at all anymore.  I'm a long-time Green Lantern fan...  I grew up loving the character, and still do, though I stopped buying the books some time back.  Which is fine since DC is once again \\"Rebooting\\" their universe, apparently...  and most of what I used to know is now \\"invalidated\\" anyway... sigh.)  So, I purchased this yesterday and watched it last night.  I did not watch the theatrical version but instead only watched the extended version (both can be viewed from the BD).  The one big flaw in this film is that, like with so many other films of this type, they tried to shoehorn waaay too much into way too small of a movie.  As others have said, this is really at least three movies worth of material...  the recruitment of Hal Jordan, the story of Hector Hammond, and the \\"Parallax\\" thing.  And they tried to connect these things which really should be unconnected, leading to a \\"contrived\\" feel at times.  I was not a total fan of some of the casting.  I'm not a huge fan of Ryan Reynolds in general..  no matter what, he'll always be \\"Van Wilder\\" to me, I guess, and I've never seen him come across much differently.  But they could have done a lot worse, too.  And really, Tim Robbins?  He was a TOTAL waste of pay in this movie... they'd have been better off getting a no-name player.  They clearly paid a lot for him, and he brought next to nothing to the film.  I sure hope he didn't get paid more than Peter Sarsgard was paid, or that Mark Strong was paid... because each of them deserved at least twice what Robbins deserved to be paid.  I didn't care for the \\"glitzy\\" costume or the \\"artsy\\" design for the ring and lantern (though the GENERAL shape of the ring was nice).  This was a case where \\"less would be more\\" as far as I'm concerned.  Too many movies do this...  getting too wrapped up in the \\"artsy\\" stuff and in the process losing track of the important part...  the storytelling.  And the one real flaw of this flick was with the storytelling, which was just \\"overcompressed.\\"  I LIKED the movie, though the redefinitions bothered me quite a bit.  The good?  Reynolds did OK, and the character was (mostly) written well...  you get more of that with the extended edition, I believe, by the way.  Blake Lively is great as Carol Ferris, and Sarsgard is great as Hammond (although the character is WASTED in this film, I'm afraid).  The GL Corps is nicely done, all around, though I (personally) would have preferred an entire first flick focused on the Corps and Hal's integration into the corps.  I disliked how Parallax was redefined, but overall, I thought it was an acceptable \\"generic deux ex machina\\" monster...  along the lines of Grendel, really.  But this character had pretty much nothing in common with the Parallax who, in the books, possessed Hal Jordan and caused him to go insane and (temporarily) become the most powerful (if well-intentioned) villain in the universe.  I would have been much happier if they hadn't used this name, and if they hadn't used the name Krona for the guardian who became Parallax (since this wasn't what happened in the books, and Krona was a totally different villain as well).  Ultimately, this is a nice, solid \\"B\\" movie.  My criticisms are mainly due to how badly I wanted it to be an \\"A+\\" movie.  But there have been very few \\"A+\\" movies (so far, only Batman Begins meets that criteria for me, personally).  This was better than any of the Superman flicks so far (and many grades above the last Superman flick).  It's a FUN movie, but it's not, in the end, an impactful movie.  So, pop some popcorn, sit back and enjoy the movie for what it is.  It's a fun movie with great effects which is a passable parallel to the comics character's world in a few ways.  And make your own judgements, don't pay attention to the overly hostile reviews.  It's not a bad flick, just not as good as it COULD have been.
B00005JKG9|1.0|I couldn't believe my eyes and ears watching this video last night - totally awful! To add insult to injury, Amazon.com list this film as  one of their \\"essential videos.\\" The reviewer is especially smitten with \\"(David) Mamet's scathingly rich dialogue.\\"  What a joke! The interaction among the co-workers in this play, the foul, dirty, hate-filled language they constantly abuse each other with, SIMPLY DOES NOT, AND CAN NOT, EXIST THE REAL WORLD. No workplace on this planet could function for more than 10 minutes amongst those \\"personal relationships.\\" The film is so far off from reality that watching it is meaningless, irritating, and just a flat-out waste of time.
B003H9M1QM|5.0|i hadnt seen this movie in years and when i saw it on Amazon, i HAD to have it... my nephews love it too!
B005MVL10U|3.0|I wish I could echo all of the high praise being showered over Wilco's latest. But I can't. Like most of their previous records, a number of tunes from The Whole Love will undoubtedly grow on me, but I'm guessing this time around there won't be nearly as many.<br /><br />Naturally, as this is still Wilco, there are some amazing songs here. In fact, the first two tracks start this thing off fantabulously. After that, however, the brilliance becomes increasingly intermittent. It's pretty darned mellow, but not in the serene way the of a CD like Sky Blue Sky (which I love). And while Jeff and the boys certainly don't need to repeat themselves, I can't help but say this CD is kinda boring.<br /><br />There, I said it. Boring. Yes, introspective. Yes, lyrically interesting. But boring, nonetheless.<br /><br />I realize that I'm in the minority here, but I can't say it's great just because it's Wilco. More accurately, it's Jeff Tweedy and an incredibly talented group of musicians...which, I maintain, might be part of what's not quite right here.<br /><br />While Mr. Tweedy is clearly and deservedly the guiding force of this legendary band, I believe their output would benefit from more collaboration when it comes to actually writing songs. If you need proof, one listen to The Autumn Defense's last two efforts will clearly demonstrate that Sansone and Stirratt have contributions to make beyond instrumental wizardry and tight background vocals.<br /><br />Now, to be clear, I remain a BIG Wilco fan. And I'm GLAD I bought this -- especially the deluxe edition which has a couple standout tracks on it. Some of Nels Cline's solos are just epic. It's simply that The Whole Love will never to crack into my Wilco top 5.<br /><br />Most importantly, in my humble opinion, this is NOT the first CD to buy if you're curious about Wilco.<br /><br />And that is the whole truth. Or at least my version of it.
B004WKOCP8|5.0|Incubus is one of the more interesting rock/alternative bands around.  At first listen I was disappointed with the album as a whole, but after listening to it multiple times I believe this is one of their best and is a sleeper for one of the best albums of the year.  It is brooding, moody, dynamic, and though most of the songs are slow doesn't mean they don't rock.  \\"In the Company of Wolves\\" is a dark cinematic-esque piece of work as well as the opening track, which is my favorite.  And \\"Promises, Promises\\" is a better single than \\"Drive\\" was.  This band is ever changing their sound, that's what I love about them.  You never know what to expect from these guys, except for quality music, and with this album they've transcended making rock music to creating beautiful art for the ears.
B0050LJIRK|5.0|Its not for you. Your not a real bizkit fan, so don't bother. Its for me, and I love it. Douchebag.  No I'm serious. Douchebag rocks. I'm going out to buy me another red hat.
0757302661|5.0|During my pregnancy I decided early on I wasn't going to buy into everyone's \\"Horror Story\\" Births. I wanted my own experience. Being a long time Mind/Body Believer and Practitioner, I quickly set out to find what I was looking for. When I found Hypnobirthing I knew it was just what I was looking for. I purchased the book and then quickly found a class in my area to take. I am so glad I spent the money to take the Hypnobirthing classes instead of the birthing classes at the hospital. I didn't do all of the techniques but I practiced my breathing and I visualized my birthing a great deal. In the class the Facilitator took us through a meditation where we could set our own labor duration, I had two hours jump into my head. When thee day came, I woke with cramping so I took a warm bath, this accelerated dilation and with in a half an hour I was having steady contractions. I called my friend and We drove to the hospital, my body began to bare down in the car on the freeway, I made that stop, didn't want a side of the road birth. We got to the hospital, I told the nurse I was ready for the room, she poo-pooed me and took a look, She was surprised to see I was fully dilated and got me into a room right away. My was able to \\"Breath Down\\" my son and only pushed when he crowned. When his head came out is when my water broke. From the time I got into the room my son was born 45 minutes later and I only tore a little skin. My son was calm and relaxed when he came out. We were a great team and it was an amazing experience, we were the talk of the ward.  It was simple and not as painful as it could have been if I absorbed all the horrible birthing stories everyone wanted to tell me.   We have to ability to set our own birth experience, remember, it's not just your experience but your child's too, it's exhausting for them without us adding in to the hardship.  I recommend reading this book and taking the class. Even if you had a cesarean birth before you can hypnobirth and have anatural birth the next time.   Read it! read it! Read it! Your won't be sorry.
B0058VW36U|5.0|Very fun and nicely made game. I burnt so many hours and nights on this to get all 3 stars.
B000HWZ5X8|5.0|THIS CD IS AWESOME..<br /><br />ROBERT PLANTS AMAZING VOCALS ARE FEATURED IN :MANIC NIRVANA:<br /><br />SONGS SUCH AS THE OPENER, HURTING KIND ABSOLUTELY ROCK,<br /><br />TIE DIE ON THE HIGHWAY, A TRIBUTE TO WOODSTOCK 1969 IS A GEM...<br /><br />I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS CD FOR ANY LED ZEP/ROBERT PLANT FANS..
B005DR64OQ|3.0|\\"We now things about you.\\" A wealthy couple's home is broken into and they are held hostage for the diamonds that Kyle (Cage) has in his safe. While trying to buy time Kyle begins to question the robbers and secrets are revealed and the break-in becomes more tense. This is a movie that had a lot of potential to be great and exciting. The big problem with this one is that it was a good half hour story that is drug out for 90 minutes. It is a good movie that is worth a watch, but it seems to get a tad repetitive and because of that it loses some of the edge that it needs to get the effect it needs. For those that know me know that I am not a Nicholas Cage fan at all and I am also in love with Nicole Kidman, so this was a very personal movie for me. I will admit that Cage didn't bother me in this as much as he usually does. From me that's a huge compliment. Overall, definitely worth watching, but like most movies lately this was missing something to make it really great. I give it a B-.<br /><br />*Also try - Hostage & Panic Room
0981951244|5.0|The basic premise of The Compound Effect is that the little choices we make day after day, when compounded over time, have a radical net effect on our lives (hence the title). Author Darren Hardy explains that, in order for us to achieve our goals, we have to be diligent about making deliberate choices each and every day. A decision, therefore, as routine as choosing between watching TV and reading a good book should not be trifled with and be accorded our utmost attention.<br /><br />The so-called compound effect can work for or against you. For the compound effect to work in your favor, Hardy says, you would have to (1) make _conscious_ choices, (2) establish and reinforce good habits, and (3) build up and sustain the momentum that will lead you toward achieving your goals.<br /><br />Hardy acknowledges that all too often, we start out strong with our resolutions to make positive choices, but over the course of days or weeks or months, our resolve begins to wane and eventually fizzle out. To help _sustain_ our efforts, he offers some very practical tips and strategies that I've found immensely helpful. For example, he offers advice on how to break bad habits (by identifying triggers) and how to build momentum (by developing a ROUTINE). As a matter of interest, he also explains the biological basis behind how bad habits become entrenched (for more information on how bad habits can be broken through the malleability of the human brain, I recommend [[ASIN:0143113100 The Brain That Changes Itself by Norman Doidge]])<br /><br />Hardy also offers helpful strategies for cultivating the habit of making conscious choices. One strategy involves use of a log book to keep track of the choices you make every day (the log book can be used to keep track of how spend your time, how many calories you consume, how much you exercise, etc.). I have personally found the log book to be an invaluable tool because it does indeed help me make conscious choices, the sine qua non to _better_ choices!<br /><br />The Compound Effect is a short book and a relatively quick and easy read. It doesn't offer any magic formula or earth-shattering revelations for success, but it has some very practical and, equally important, sustainable strategies for helping you work towards your goals. Highly recommended!t is a short book and a relatively quick and easy read. It doesn't offer any magic formula or earth-shattering revelations for success, but it has some very practical and, equally important, sustainable strategies for helping you work towards your goals. Highly recommended!
B000F8O35U|5.0|This movie is a classic and always will be. I have been waiting for a very long time for it to be rereleased but I gave in and purchased it here. Thank you!!
0553801473|3.0|** SPOILER ALERT **<br /><br />Nothing.<br /><br />Nothing happens. A whole lot of nothing. 1000s of pages of nothing.<br /><br />I read all five books in order one after the other for five months. This is the first book where I kept looking at the page numbers and wondering how much further I had to read.<br /><br />The Feast of Crows and Dance of Dragons suffer from the same problems. There is too much plot-stirring and not enough actual plot. Either GRRM is afraid to end this story or unable to end this story.<br /><br />After the first three books, there was a very clearly defined cast of characters who I had come to love or love to hate. But in Dance of Dragons, we spend 200+ pages with the Boltons! The Boltons are mean bastards. I get it. But I don't care about the Boltons. They are background characters. Cut back to the Lannisters -- those are bastards I love to hate. But instead of spending time with the Starks, the Lannisters, and the Targaryens, we spend 200+ pages with Roose Bolton and Jeyne Poole. Yeah, Jeyne whose great claim to fame is she was Sansa Starks' friend in the first book.<br /><br />The brutality of GRRM's world has created this weird quandary. If you kill all your best characters in amazing, spectacular ways, you are eventually left with a story full of secondary characters. GRRM has either killed, maimed, humiliated, immobilized or exiled all of his best characters. Therefore, we are mired down with the Jeyne Pooles in the 4th and 5th books.<br /><br />I don't understand why GRRM has created some plot lines that seem like dead-ends to me. For example, GRRM has sent Sam away from the action at the wall to train as a maester, something that should only take several years for him to complete. GRRM has sunk Arya into an alternative identity that requires her to forsake her ties with her family and her enemies, and thus her only reason for being in the story. And GRRM led Bran deep into the land beyond the Wall to sit in a cave and commune withtrees and a dead guy. These story lines do add color to the world and exposition to the story, but they don't push the action forward toward a climax or a resolution.<br /><br />The story has gone off the rails.<br /><br />Dear George R. R. Martin, here are things I would have liked to read in next book.<br /><br />1) I would like Dany to control her dragons and sweep across the eastern continent like the second coming of Aegon the Conqueror and start wrestling for control of Westeros.<br /><br />2) I would like Jon to fight some freaking others.<br /><br />3) I would like Theon, the Greyjoys, the Boltons, the Freys, the Manderlys, the Conningtons, and Davos to recede into the background. I am sure I forgot some random houses.<br /><br />4) I would like Sansa reveal herself as the heir of Winterfell at her wedding to Harrold Hardyng and then take Winterfell back.<br /><br />5) I would like Arya to learn just enough about assassinating people to be dangerous and then I want her to cross the ocean and kill all the people on her list.<br /><br />6) I want Caitlin to exact her revenge on the Freys. I want her to walk into The Crossing like some unholy ghost and kill Walder Frey.<br /><br />7) I want Jamie to do something cool, anything. Marry Brienne. I have no idea. Just something. Anything.<br /><br />8) I want Cersai to put a crown on her bald head and act like the smart villainous queen who stood toe-to-toe with Ned Stark and took him down with aplomb, not like the lunatic she has been in the last two books.<br /><br />9) I don't even know what to do with Bran and Rickon anymore. Just get rid of them and save them for some other story.<br /><br />10) I want Tyrion to help Dany become queen of Westeros in exchange for her making him lord of Casterly Rock.<br /><br />Here are things I would like to not read about.<br /><br />1) Lists of foods, banners, houses or otherwise. They are mind-numbing.<br /><br />2) I don't want to read about banking or debt or money.<br /><br />3) I don't want to read three books about Stannis, who is a major killjoy, only to find out that guy froze to death in a blizzard in off-stage action.<br /><br />4) I don't want to read the song lyrics of The Maiden and the Bear or any other stupid song again.<br /><br />5) I don't want to read these weird turns of phrase like \\"one-and-twenty\\" and \\"break my fast\\" that started in the 4th book. Also, \\"leal\\" is an okay word, but \\"leal\\" sucks when it is in every other sentence.<br /><br />6) Please, no more lamprey pies.<br /><br />7) I don't want to read juvenile puns about sexual acts.
0061767581|5.0|If you haven't read this series, you are really missing out. I was very impressed with Lauren's books, including her style book. I can't wait for the next trilogy based on Madison to come out.
B005HV6Y5W|5.0|Experiencing this film is like falling in love.  You can't explain it, but you revel in how it makes you feel.  And it becomes richer and more meaningful with time.  For me, \\"The Tree of Life\\" is also a beautiful allegory of the ineffable aspects of life and of the universe/God/ultimate reality - an intimation of what lies beyond words and explanation. It's certainly not a traditional narrative.  It is visual music that resonates with those deepest questions within each of us and taps our primal emotional wells of love, compassion, sorrow, awe, anger, and fear.  For those willing to quiet the mind and open the heart, this sincere film is a wonderful gift.
B004EPZ07U|1.0|First off I really liked the movie, if I was just rating the movie, it would probably be 3 1/2 stars, however, I have spent 4 days now trying to get this so called \\"digital copy\\".  I knew what Ultraviolet was, and I thought it had promise to be used to stream to any device not locked to just one service (itunes), but it doesn't work.  First off you have to sign into 4 different services to even get this stuff to maybe work, [...] some ultraviolet site and to \\"manage\\" your collection flixster collections...when in trying to link all of these useless accounts I can no longer access the movie to stream.  So I am left with a product that does not work and customer service is a joke.  I have been bounced around from site to site and from rep to rep who keep telling me to do the same thing over and over again, no matter how many times I tell them what has happened and what the issue is.    This flixster ultraviolet \\"suckloution\\" is the worst ever, you are better off ripping the DVD...
0439023521|5.0|Skillfully written, and unapologetically raw, Hunger Games is an astonishingly rich story which will delight, and terrify, readers of any age. Even if the story line does not immediately appeal to you, go ahead and read this just to enjoy the writing, and allow the story to pull you in.
B005EHNMWM|5.0|Wilco is my favorite band this week. I have been listening to nothing but Wilco since Sunday afternoon. It's now Wednesday. Pity it took me so long to discover them.  Specializing in ear friendly country alt rock with flourishes of experimental avant garde noise, Wilco is in a class all by themselves. Their sound is simultaneously familiar yet unmistakably unique. My friends tried to tell me how great they were but it took me awhile to catch on.   Songwriter Jeff Tweedy is at the top of his game on \\"The Whole Love\\" with a number of outstanding compositions including the title track, the hauntingly lovely \\"Black Moon\\" and my personal favorite; \\"One Sunday Morning (Song For Jane Smiley's Boyfriend)\\", which clocks in at a full twelve minutes long. I found myself listening to that track over and over. It puts me in the perfect head space; happy, care free with just a touch of wistful nostalgia. The Deluxe Version is well worth having featuring the upbeat anthem \\"I Love My Label\\" and an alternate mix of \\"Black Moon\\". Did I mention that song was hauntingly lovely? Don't listen to me. Spring for the CD. The Whole Love is the whole enchilada!
B004QD0YG2|4.0|I did not found any problem with this product fits and work well with my tripod stand as soon as I received this item I was able to use it.
B001DJLCRC|5.0|We are in our 50's and LOVE great series shows...  \\"Weeds\\"  \\"Sopranos\\"  \\"Dexter\\"...\\"Nip and Tuck\\"  :)<br />Breaking Bad may \\"break\\"  them all.<br /><br />  Watch for yourself.<br />...Usually with series it takes a few to get into them but this one is Gold from the start!<br />So get ready to get hooked..<br />The creator of this is Genius.
0393327655|4.0|Sam Harris is one of the most engaging writers I've encountered. Even if you don't agree with everything he has to say, his writing style and rich vocabulary are refreshing and intriguing. In this book, he offers plenty of food for thought for those dubious of religion and its practices.
B000002L1L|5.0|Ian Gillan once again returns for Deep Purple's fourteenth studio album called The Battle Rages On. Made back in 1993, this one is splendid all around. The music may be less melodic than more recent albums, but the overall sound is, as always, credited as nonstop pleasure to the ears. The songs are never weak, with the exception of maybe the first track (also called \\"The Battle Rages On\\"). The next song \\"Lick it Up\\" makes it up almost immediately, followed by a divine piece of work called \\"Anya.\\" \\"Talk About Love\\" is a reminder of the classic DP of the 70's, and is currently my personal favorite from the album. \\"Time to Kill\\" is sort of a return to the generic 80's DP sound, which makes it more of a distraction throughout the entire song. But at least the lyrics sound important. Luckily, \\"Ramshackle Man\\" gets things back on track. The fast-paced \\"A Twist in the Tale\\" is incredibly exciting, while \\"Nasty Piece of Work\\" has everything that you would expect from the Mk II lineup. \\"Solitaire\\" sounds a bit too strange for my taste, but the closer \\"One Man's Meat\\" is a satisfying conclusion to the album.<br /><br />Not a lot of people admire Battle Rages On, and I can fairly understand that. However, this album is still underrated because of some of its different musical elements. It's a great album from DP.<br /><br />Official Grade: 8.8 out of 10<br /><br />Also from Deep Purple<br />In Rock (10 out of 10) [[ASIN:B000005RQT In Rock: 25th Anniversary (UK)]]<br />Fireball (9.1 out of 10) [[ASIN:B001CBW13A Fireball]]<br />Machine Head (10 out of 10) [[ASIN:B000002KHB Machine Head]]<br />Who Do We Think We Are (9.4 out of 10) [[ASIN:B00006BTAN Who Do We Think We Are]]<br />Burn (8.1 out of 10) [[ASIN:B0007ZEO4G Burn]]<br />Stormbringer (9.8 out of 10) [[ASIN:B000SQJ2IW Stormbringer]]<br />Come Taste the Band (9.5 out of 10) [[ASIN:B000SQJ2JG Come Taste the Band]]<br />Perfect Strangers (7.7 out of 10) [[ASIN:B00000JBFW Perfect Strangers]]<br />The House of Blue Light (7.9 out of 10) [[ASIN:B00000JBFX House of Blue Light]]<br />Slaves and Masters (9.2 out of 10) [[ASIN:B000007NZO Slaves & Masters]]ers (9.2 out of 10) [[ASIN:B000007NZO Slaves & Masters]]
1595825045|5.0|I am completely impressed with the Avatar Last Airbender series. I have never watch a complete animated series with my children before & this one I have seen in its entirety 2x, so far.  I purchased this a birthday gift & was expecting it to be just ok & only enjoyed by my kid.  Instead, I am blown away by the size, the sturdy binding, the quality of the print on the pages. The art is impressive. The stories & insight & behind the scenes information was in depth & fun.  The book was the hit of the party & enjoyed by everyone from the 4 year old to the 84 year old.  My opinion: Buy it!
0062020889|4.0|Not myu favorite Ken Follett book, but good.  It started out slowly, but picked up later.  An interesting story in the end.
B004T5K3OK|5.0|Very handy and convenient App. Can't wait to really put it to use.   Dowloaded free version from as recommended and purchased key from amazon. Worked without a hitch.
B004RPKUTU|3.0|A decent creepy, surreal book. If I were 10-14 years old I probably would have given it 4 or 5 stars, but it is a bit simple for an adult reader. For me it just barely passed the \\"C. S. Lewis test\\" of \\"a children's story that can only be enjoyed by children is not a good children's story in the slightest.\\"
B002MQYOFW|5.0|this book has you hooked after the first fifty pages it starts off with katniss little sister prim getting selcted into the seventy forth hunger games. then the fun begins and all i can say read with your mouth ready to be opened and have your jaw drop because this story will make you cry and or leave you in amazment
0393057658|1.0|HOW WOULD YOU LIKE TO BE READING MONEYBALL AND HAVE NO PAGES 209-224 IN THE COPY THAT AMAZON SENT TO YOU? I WAS ENJOYING A QUIET WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON SPEEDING ALONG THIS DELIGHTFUL BOOK AND SUDDENLY AT THE END OF PAGE 208 THERE IS PAGE 225. WHERE IS QUALITY CONTROL AT THE PUBLISHER AND AT AMAZON?
0062011847|3.0|I have known for a couple years that Terry Pratchett was diagnosed around 2007 with a rare form of early onset Alzheimers called posterior cortical atrophy.  You could sense a change of tone in his last couple books but the writing was still essentially \\"Pratchett\\".  I'm afraid I can't say that any longer.<br /><br />This book was just O.K., I never thought I'd say that about a discworld book.  The overall tone of the book was darker than most and the writing style didn't sound like Pratchett.  The characters and their dialogue differed noticeably from previous novels, and the writing had a negative and crude undertone.  Previous novels have been brilliant, insightful, funny, clever, moving and just plain good.  I cannot say the same for this one.<br /><br />Here is another thing I never thought I'd say about discworld...I think it is time for Mr. Pratchett to stop writing them.<br /><br />On the physical appearance of the book...it seemed cheap and flimsy.  The paper was poor quality the edges of the paper have and odd saw tooth appearance and many of the pages were loose or falling out when I received it.
0380977273|4.0|When Cooger & Dark's Pandemonium Shadow Show comes to town, Will Halloway and Jim Nightshade are drawn into a battle for their souls. Ray Bradbury's writing style sprinkled with half mad similes and metaphors turns a carnival into a place that breathes out wickedness and despair. There are a couple rambling philosophical sections that detract from the pace of the book, but  this is one creepy page-turner!
B005D67OJG|3.0|Without spoiling anything, this was a little disappointing as an ending to a season with so many plot threads. Everything (or almost everything) gets resolved, but the climax of the episode's plot felt dumb and artificially devoid of tension.<br /><br />I mean, if you've watched the season up to this point, obviously you're gonna watch this too, but don't expect anything as well done as Season 4's finale.
B005JU5JTI|4.0|About this movie: Lucy Punch is in it. I didn't know who she was until I saw Dinner for Schmucks, but after seeing her do yet another great american nutjob, I'm a fan. Why are british actors so spot on at doing americans? Her contorted midwestern aw shucks character with repressed rage is so good it's scary. Her expressions... she mugs like a twitchy bag of mice. Very funny.
B0048LPRCS|5.0|Gaspar Noe presents ENTER THE VOID: A challenging, mind-warping film. The ambitious writer/director infuses the picture with fluorescent colors and eerie moods reminiscent of the late Stanley Kubrik. In addition, his fascination with drug-addled, depraved souls and use of non-linear storytelling invokes Quentin Tarantino (minus all sense of humor). While ENTER THE VOID includes many disturbing moments (graphic sex, pulped car crash victims, aborted fetus close-ups, narcotic usage), it never approaches the haunting, unbearable brutality of Noe's last opus, IRREVERSIBLE, with its grisly head-bashing and rape scenes.<br /><br />In spite of the major experimentalism, Noe manages to develop a crystal clear narrative thread and the whole psychedelic soap-opera comes together neatly.  From start to finish, this VOID bursts with light, form and sound.  Forget Who, What, When, Where and Why . . . ENTER THE VOID leaves one wondering \\"HOW?\\"
0553801473|2.0|I've been a big a fan of this series as anyone.  I started around 2000 when Clash of Kings had just come out, and from about halfway through the first book I knew this would be my all-time favorite series.  I've convinced many friends, family, even acquaintances to read the books.  I practically shed a tear when I finally got this book after the 6 year wait.  And now I barely feel like I enjoy the series anymore.<br /><br />I'm not among those who disliked AFFC and thought it was boring.  I understand where they're coming from, but I loved AFFC for the characterization particularly of Jaime and Brienne.  It lacked the huge impact of the first 3 books, but it was spectacular in its own way.  I can't say the same thing about Dance with Dragons.<br /><br />I never thought I could say this, but I won't be recommending the series to friends anymore unless I include the caveat that it sucks after book 4 (or book 3 depending on who you ask) and will likely never be finished.  I may just tell people to read the first 3 and stop there.<br /><br />As for the content of the book itself, what other reviewers have said is correct - nothing happens.  At least, nothing you'll likely care about.  Oh, and the stuff you actually will care about will only upset you.  Martin also pointlessly includes 1 or 2 chapters from a couple of established characters just for the sake of leaving their storylines at a cliffhanger.  There's no payoff.<br /><br />I'll probably read the next book, but only because I'm so invested at this point.  If I had picked up something of this quality as the first book in a series, I would not have even finished the book.
0783225733|3.0|I want to Like this movie A lot I really do but I can't stand Tom Hanks' Mug and Kevin Bacon's And Ron Howard has always left me with a bad taste,nonetheless despite my personal biases towards the cast and also the length of the movie,It has some enjoyable parts and attempts to tell the story,My favorite parts though are the Cameo Appearances of Corvettes throughout,I wish the 1969 Riverside Gold/w Black(made especially for the Previous Apollo Astronauts which is why it's not in this movie-427/390hp Corvette Coupe)would show up in this movie or any,The Apollo 12 \\"AstroVette\\"(not the concept car Astro),but that's a minute detail and hardly something that should make or break this movie,I just think it drags on and at times so technical despite being done in a way for most to understand,cut it down an hour and get to the point,I preferred the Movie The Right Stuff which Ironically is Longer than this melodrama of a flick..Would Have been nice to have someone like Clint Eastwood instead,but I digress I ask too much.
0767803434|5.0|Wonderful that Amazon.com has the DVD's I want at a very reasonable price. Since I found Amazon.com, I haven't shopped anywhere else. Am very thankful for the services they have. Excellent service all around Amazon!!
0452289963|1.0|I have not received this item yet!! what is going on? should i still wait for it or what should i do????
B005LJITS0|4.0|If you read comic books as a kid then you can appreciate the story.....I read tons of comic books and while Marvel was my favorite comic books......DC had its winners too and Green Lantern was one of them. Ryan Reynolds was a good casting choice and did justice to the character....Blake Lively is beautiful and played a nice love interest. Now if you expecting something other than Hero VS Villain then maybe you will be disappointed. Otherwise this was a comic story come to life story well done.   I enjoyed this movie and glad Ryan Reynolds played the role of Green Lantern. Sit back get your popcorn forget reality and enjoy this...... just like you did when you was a kid and ran to the store to pick up a new comic and was ready to go for adventure....so cool to just escape and see a comic book. Well done guys....!!!!  I like the Green Hornet series too and they totally messed that one up except for the guy who played Kato........so glad this had a good Director who took a lot of story telling and tied all the pieces together nicely.  Wasn't disappointed.
B004E2XAFW|5.0|I have been a massive WT fan for a while now and was highly anticipating this release, and what can I say - WOW! I thought they might struggle to top The Silent Force and The Heart Of Everything which were both equally brilliant albums but this record just takes them to new heights and should hopefully launch them into the big time in the US  With a few more tours to help promote it) My favorite songs from this are Iron and A Demons Fate which are both ridiculously catchy
B002VECM6S|5.0|Wonderful movie! I've seen this in theaters and Amazon was my first and only choice when it came to buying it. I love the movie. Wish others would be so carring as Sandra Bullock was in this movie. Thank you Amazon.com. You'll always be my first choice for entertainment!
0385534639|5.0|This book absolutely hands down the best book I have ever read.  It just has so much imagery and the author writes very well.  Looking forward to many books from this author!
B004P8JPS6|5.0|I loved this book and I'm stunned that any Reacher fan would give it a poor review. It is classic Reacher (complete with coffee and pie) and I love that Ian Child is giving us some back story now. I devoured it...If anything, I think this one beats the last one. (But I loved that one too.) Reading Reacher is like hanging out with an old friend.
B0049P1VHS|5.0|If you have not seen the series see if they can install cable or satellite under your rock. This is perhaps the best TV series in twenty years. Not for the kids but well worth the watch even if your not a zombie fan.
B004TTMYQG|5.0|I spent a lot of time looking for a calendar app that looks like my pc exchange calendar, this is it. Not only is the calendar great, but I love the widgets. One of my favorite useful (non-game) apps
B005M92MJ6|5.0|One of the things I love about this album is that no two songs sound like any other.  Each is a work of art in and of itself, and songs I listened to this morning and didn't care for (Tiny Monsters, Oceans) have already grown on me.  Favourites:  Green Valley, Toma, The Rapture, & Conditions of My Parole.  Up & coming favourites:  ALL of them.  I can already feel the expansion of awesomeness in my ears.  Oh, and do yourself a favour:  listen to it with headphones.  You're welcome.  Maynard:  Thanks for being incredible, bringing other incredible artists together, and sharing it all with the world.  Can't wait to see you in ATL next month.  Everyone else: Enjoy!  Geez, that's a lot of colons, innit?
0062011847|4.0|It is a dark and difficult time for Commander Sam Vimes of the Ankh-Morpork City Watch.  He is being forced to take a holiday, and what's worse it is in the countryside where you have to look at trees!  As you might expect, Vimes manages to sniff out crime anywhere and is soon investigating the death of a Goblin, drugs and smuggling.  All this and his son has taken an unnatural interest in...poo.<br /><br />I was an early adopter of Sir Tel's books but have to say I think they have been a bit mixed of late, possibly me just getting too jaded.  Having said that, Snuff is up there with his best.  Clever and witty dialogue and descriptions with a clever plot that is funny at face value but also deals with some touchy areas, such as the way parts of society are looked down on and dis-enfranchised.  His descriptions of the landed gentry and Vimes as a fish out of water reminded me very much of the best of Tom Sharpe's writing.  Here Pratchett's writing is a joy.  It helps that Vimes is one of his most popular characters but placing him out of his environment allows us to enjoy his discomfort through charming and clever narrative.<br /><br />There are those who rightfully suggest that Sir Terry is a National Treasure and a genius and they are of course correct, but in Snuff we are reminded that despite the author's heath issues, he can still produce exceptional books.
B0001I561E|5.0|I have been searching for this dvd at a reasonable price for a long time, found it on Amazon.com, purchased it, received it in no time at all.  My experience was great.
B001RIY4WE|2.0|My two stars rating doesn't reflect on the movie itself which is outstanding, nor does it pertain to the video and audio quality of this BD transfer which is very good.  However, the disc menu is quite another story, starting with a very serious looking intial message to the effect that Skynet has determined that insufficient memory is available at this location and that you need to connect a memory stick with at least 10,000 KB of space available together with \\"Retry\\" and \\"Cancel\\" buttons.  Having heard that this sort of things does actually occur with certain BDs (\\"Starship Troopers\\" for example) I first connected a USB memory stick and hit the \\"Retry\\" button several times but to no avail.  I was just about ready to return the disc as defective when, finally out of desperation, I hit the \\"Cancel\\" button which, lo and behold, started the menu sequence.  If this is the studio's idea of a practical joke, I think it is in very very poor taste.  From then on the menu sequence keeps going on and on through one meaningless layer after another until finally you get to the \\"Play\\" button.  All of this takes a good bit of time to load and is quite annoying
B004UQPM4E|5.0|When I first recieved this I thought I had somehow ordered a foreign copy of this as it had rating labels on it that are not used in the states. Plus a lot of the wording on the discs themselves (except for the movie titles) were not in english. I thought they wouldn't play on my R1 blu ray player, but decided to try anyways. Lo and behold, they do play and the sound and picture are great. I highly recommend this to anyone that loves the Superman series as much as I do.
B0054N73EY|5.0|If you're looking for an unbiased review, you can stop reading now. I've been a RHCP fan for as long as I can remember. I was going to buy this album regardless of whether the reviews were good or bad. But it did take me until today to actually pick up a copy for myself. I can fully say I'm blown away. The absence of John's rocking solos are noticeable but the full and complete sound that is delivered by the band overall more than makes up for it. \\"Even You Brutus?\\" is a must listen and is merely one of the many highlights of the album. If you're a fan of the band or enjoyed some of their many hits on the radio over the years, you'll enjoy this latest offering. This is pure Red Hot Chili Peppers.
B000JMLFLW|5.0|This is one of my favorite books of all time. If you haven't read it - read it! You'll find yourself rereading it time and time again.
B005J0VPNC|4.0|I do like this app, but it's better suited for newer devices. I installed it on my HTC Incredible, and the image preview was quite slow. On my Motorola Xoom, however, it works splendidly.
B0012FE4BS|4.0|This is a super parts of my collection. Second in my opinion only to Eliminator but almost as good. Interesting to see the evolution of the band from the very early stuff to the last few years. Tres Hombres is a must for any ZZ Top fan and really for anyone that like that bluesy rock sound.
B004T5R2HQ|5.0|awesome! too awesome awesome! too awesome awesome! too awesome awesome! too awesome awesome! too awesome awesome! too awesome awesome! too awesome a must have for any professional!
0385738773|3.0|*Contains Spoilers*  I've been scouring the internet since I finished \\"The Death Cure\\" and I can't figure out if I'm crazy or not. (Spoilers Below. Seriously.)  Wasn't Chancellor Paige actually Teresa? She wrote \\"WICKED is good\\" on her arm and, at every possibility, made it a point to tell Thomas that very thing. In the epilogue message from Chancellor Paige, she says that she tried to get that across to all the subject...  So...am I crazy? Or was Teresa the Chancellor? I mean, Thomas said it was hard to tell what she looked like. Thomas commented on Teresa's name Agnes in \\"The Maze Runner.\\" It all fits together for me -- but maybe I'm doing a crazy puzzle.   In any case, the book was okay. It wasn't great. I think Dashner had a lot of cool ideas, but failed to connect them in a satisfying way. It felt scattered. Thomas seemed less interested in figuring out the truth than in actually fighting WICKED. He reminded me of a little boy totally upset and unable to control himself to get an actionable plan together.   I don't know. I wanted to love it, but I just didn't.
B0055SWM08|5.0|Played this game on a Touchpad, sold it shortly after. Almost shouted when I saw that it was on Android too. Instant buy. Amazing game. Buy it now.
B001F5M9MG|5.0|I've been a fan for at least 25 years. This is a great album. Much better than Afterburner. In my opinion \\"Need You Tonight\\" is probably the best ZZ song of all time. You won't go wrong with this one. Good from start to finish. More polish than the early records but less commercial than some that followed. Pure ZZ Top at its best.
B003PBB4ME|5.0|The X-Grip bracket is the simplest device but works great for handheld videos. The hot shoe on the top I use to mount an LED light, which stands out front, enabling you to still use the handle. I mount my small video camera on the lower portion, carrying it at a lower level, capturing interesting angles. You can also set the entire rig down on the feet without actually putting your camera on the ground. This is the type of unsophisticated yet very functional item to have in your portable video rig.
0142419400|5.0|\\"I wish for the thing that is best for me.\\"<br /><br />It is moments like the one above that make me fall in love with this book. To say that Perkins is talented at writing about first true love is an understatement. She captures the feelings, the doubts, the fears with such care and consideration that readers will long feel satisfied, even after they have placed the novel on their shelves.<br /><br />Anna is a solid character. While I found myself frustrated with her throughout, it was also important to remember that she was a senior in high school. I teach juniors and seniors, and thus have a front row seat to their thoughts, feelings, rationales. Perkins is dead on with all of those in this novel.<br /><br />Her character development is strong - providing not only a main protagonist but also a cast of supporting characters that lead Anna on her journey of self-discovery and of first love. Etienne St. Clair develops as the perfect foil for Anna. Meredith, Rashmi, and Josh round out the friendship circle, providing readers with a tight nit group of friends to accept Anna into her new school and her new life in Paris, if only for a year. And of course this cannot be a true high school novel without the queen bee \\"mean girl\\" Amanda. Her character made me wonder how many Perkins encountered in high school because she was spot on with her. Actually, she was spot on with all of her characters.<br /><br />The pacing of the novel is also nicely done. Sometimes in novels like this readers are thrust into elements that are not necessary for moving the plot (or the characters) forward. This was not the case with this novel. Every element was working towards the novel's conclusion.<br /><br />While there were elements that were predictable, it was still enjoyable. To say that I loved every page is an understatement, and Perkins has won me as a loyal reader of her work. It is refreshing to pick up a novel and know that no matter what,  I will have warm fuzzies at the end.
B005HS00NW|5.0|M83 has come a long way. Anthony Gonzalez has always churned out original, visceral pieces of music and Hurry Up, We're Dreaming is aworthy addition to his library. M83's unique use of electronic sounds, monologues, hushed  vocals, and fat sounds has etched them a place in music history, and this new album rightfully belongs. I could almost describe this CD as the soundtrack to life. It evokes almost every emotion and is a trip down Anthony's and our own memory lane.   For some, this album may be the best album by M83 to date, but there are some things long time fans may not expect:  -There is lot more vocals than previous albums, not too much, but more like Saturdays=Youth than Before the Dawn Heals Us. Anthony uses a new vocal range, and while refreshing, it can get in the way of variety.  -There are no \\"Lower Your Eyelids\\" songs in terms of length. The longest song is about 5 and a half minutes. The softer, vocal-less songs are much shorter and not as large in sound.  -Many new sounds are introduced, such as acoustic guitars, flutes, saxophone, slap-bass, and most songs are not purely synthesized or electronic sounding.  -The use of orchestra sounds are used to accompany synth pads, creating sounds similar to that of M83's collaboration with the LA Philharmonic.  Overall, while long time fans may need some time to adjust to the new elements, Hurry Up, We're Dreaming is refreshing and still carries some of the best traits from the other albums:  -Anthony's new way of singing is powerful and different. He also uses his and other vocals to make sounds rather than speak words. Typical of M83, the vocals are heavily reverbed and sometimes difficult to understand, but I think the lyrics are sculpted more to a specific sound than an idea and that is what creates great musical variety.  -The more ambient type songs are much shorter in length and are strategically placed in between more upbeat and lyrical songs. While I do miss the long ballads of old, I believe this structure immensely improves the flow of the album as a whole and makes it more comfortable for newcomers. They still get to taste older M83, but they don't have to swallow 6+ minutes.(If you like the more ambient sounds of M83, you may have to wait for Digital Shades Vol.2 if he makes one)  -The new sounds create a distinct sound scape that gives the album a unique character. Keeps it exciting.  -The orchestral sound is a good fit for M83 and the sounds of songs that employ it make me think of movie soundtracks and I believe that is what Anthony was going for.  IN SHORT: If you are curious about the album, get it. If you like what you have heard, you will like the rest. If you are a long time fan of M83, you may find the new elements a little uncomfortable, but I assure you that the elements that make M83 special are still there.
B005KH928E|4.0|Let's be honest:  this sounds more like the Preservation Hall Jazz Band (with all the players over 75) than Chicago blues,  but it's still a good listen.  I like Careless Love.  A nice fresh take on Layla.  All and all,  not a bad collection.
B000N4SHOE|5.0|I wanted to own a copy of a dvd that was a few years old. I found used copies of Miss Potter on Amazon at great prices. Shopping was easy and the dvd is like new.
B0043GAZYS|4.0|After two weeks later than the arrive date that Amazon gave me, the Scott Pilgrim Blu Ray is finally in my hands. A very good product, of an excellent movie. Thumbs up.[[ASIN:B0043GAZYS Scott Pilgrim vs. the World (Two-Disc Blu-ray/DVD Combo)]]
1401324517|5.0|I bought the Rafa book for a gift and my Mom cannot wait to finish reading it to pass it back for me to read.  If you play tennis it is a must read
B003ZSJ212|5.0|This is such a great movie collection! I am a big Star Wars fan and I really enjoyed this set, even the bonus content is both funny and entertaining. Must buy...now onto the the Clone Wars.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|One word Amazing. This book really had me in tears and it also had me mad because of the situations. Ending I knew it, but was also supprised. It is a worth to read book. Like I said Amazing.
B000SEH80I|5.0|This book will either confirm for you that your parent(s) are toxic and harmed you deeply because of their own selfishness or it will make you realize that your parent(s) and childhood were not really that bad. The author is not trying to make every parent out to be toxic but rather is tryng to open the eyes of those of us who suffered at the hands of a toxic parent to the fact that it is (was) not our fault and that we can and should re-discover our own worth.  It is very hard for anyone to accept that the parents who claimed to want the best for you while giving you nothing but the worst were wrong but they were. And this book will help anyone who has been there get through it and move on to much better mental health. I loved it!
B0026IPAJA|5.0|This is a very touching movie that you'll want to watch. I can't believe I hadn't seen. All I'm going to say is to STOP reading this and watch it! Ok STOP now just click on the play button and watch it. You will in no way regret.
B0052UZIFA|1.0|have to keep starting over, some of the pictures are not tthere at start up and you cant see what you doing
0743277465|5.0|I'm only on chapter 4 so far, but I wanted to write a small review before I forgot. This book is packed with important and ground-breaking information on bettering yourself. It's amazing how much you can take in with the right mindset. Already I'm beginning to get excited as I attempt to further myself and achieve my goals. As an aspiring Starcraft 2 gamer, I can relate a lot to what the author says about competition as well as tactical strategies. This book is a must buy for anyone wanting to better themselves, especially for those in competitive scenes.
B004SGWYVA|2.0|High school of the dead is an anime that I heard an endless amount of hype over. I started watching it b/c it is close to Halloween, and I thought I knew what I was getting into. I started out thinking it was like every horror movie, but in anime form. I love horror movies, so I was actually impressed. The animation was fluid and colorful, and I was just so entertained by the first few episodes.<br />Then, the show stopped being about zombies.It became, how close can we get to porn, w/o it actually being porn? It was trash. Sure there were a few flashes of entertainment, and the last episode was pretty exciting, but overall it was smut. It included all the tropes of modern anime, even a moe character, who thankfully wasn't too cute or anything, but there was an awkward scene where she took a whiz on the main character...just creepy.<br />Honestly, I'm just disappointed b/c it started out so entertaining, and just strayed in a bizarre direction. I wouldn't watch this again.:(<br /><br />On a side note, the english dub was really impressive.
1416575464|5.0|I am a decorating novice. I have read several books to prepare for an upcoming project. This was the only book that gave me a specific step by step plan for decorating. Maybe the most beneficial. Perhaps this might not be as useful for someone with more experience and knowledge. But as a complete neophtye; I found it to be the most helpful. Room Redux offers a more detailed instruction, e.g., how to properly measure a window, etc. but for basics, this is the one.
B0009P5YXO|4.0|This is a pretty awesome replica of the 9th and 10th  doctors sonic screwdriver. It's got a good weight to it, although it would have been better had it been made of metal instead of plastic, don't think they make those though. It feels good in your hand and is a really cool think to have if you're a fan of Dr. Who. I suggest everyone buy one.
B005KCGIUY|5.0|This album is simply amazing. It doesn't really sound like their first release, but nonetheless it's real solid and entertaining from start to finish. If you're a fan of Tool, APC, or just like hearing original and creative music, I highly recommend this album!
B004EBT5CU|5.0|How in the world can a woman this young write these songs and sing with such gut wrenching soul?  She sings like a woman who has experienced decades of life.  Adele is perfection.  That voice.  Those lyrics.  This CD is awesome from track 1 to the end.
067144901X|5.0|My son will be 20 years old next month.  He loved this book so much when he was a small child and I read it to him so often that I can still recite the entire thing from memory!  And it's still fun!  He always said \\"oink\\" at the end.  Your kids will love it.  I still love it.  When I have grandchildren I will read it to them also!
0439023521|5.0|I bought this book not knowing what it was about, but after reading it I have no regrets. It had a great plot, lots of action, and quite a bit of suspence, all great things in a book, it's also well written in a way that makes it enjoyable for anyone from high school students to your more aged readers. I wasn't aware that it was a part of a trilogy, however it ends in a way that would make it a great book that could have stood by itself with out the other parts of the trilogy. It really is an altogether great book and I suggest you give it a read. :)
B000JQUMPI|5.0|This has been my favorite book since I was 10 and it still is 30 years later! I was so giddy they had it on Kindle and it was the correct version! I read it every single year in November and my copy that I have had this whole time shows the wear and tear so that pretty much says I believe you will fall in love with each character and laugh and cry with them and, at least for myself, want to be Jo.
B005GVW05Q|5.0|What a perfect CD - mellow and thoughtful.  What a prolific and talented songwriter.  The beauty of this CD is the simplicity of the music.  No unnecessary vocal exercises or in-your-face instrumentals to over shadow the lyrics.  Add Norah Jones piano and vocals along with Mandy Moore's harmonizing...Mr. Adams has created some incredible music with this one.
B005LJK3AC|2.0|I generally really enjoy comedies that are over the top, and this is definitely over the top. Its NOT Hangover good, but Ill say that this movie does have some funny characters and scenes in it, and good acting. Bateman and Sudekis are great and Kevin Spacey is as awesome as you would expect playing the evil boss. Jennifer Anniston is funny, and sexy as hell. Colin Farrel seems a little out of place as the tool bag coke head boss, but does deliver some great lines and is fun to watch. Sadly to say though, what really killed this movie for me though was Charlie Days character. It seems like they cast this guy to mirror the role Zach Gilifanakis had in Hangover as the off-kilter third-wheel friend who manages to screw things up more than he helps. The difference though is that he is not funny or amusing, is in pretty much every scene, and literally talks NONSTOP the whole time, dominating scenes with his motor mouth. One bad/annoying actor is generally not enough to make me dislike a movie, but he really killed this one for me. 2.5 stars because of that, otherwise its a 4. To sum it up its worth a watch, but dont be expecting the Hangover.
B005DZMODI|5.0|This is the finest jazz CD ever made. A group of the best musicians.No CD collection should be without this CD . Every cut is outstanding. Just listening will lift your spirits. Do yourself a favor by buying this CD.
B00338QENI|5.0|A true story of science and the life of one humble woman who contributed more to medicine than anyone could have ever dreamt.  Weaving serious research with the tale of this woman and her surviving family was brilliantly done.  You would think that someone (since corporations are people according to our Supreme Court) who had profited so greatly could give something back to the family of the woman who had made them so rich.  But people and corporations being what they are (greedy) it took the individual who wrote this remarkable book to set up a foundation that benefits the family of the woman whose suffering benefited us all.
0439023513|5.0|In my review of the first book in the trilogy I commented that I found the writing a tad trite, a little fluffy. Well, that certainly changed along the way. I have nothing but praise for the final book. I was not expecting much of what happened at all. Always pleasing when a book surprises me. Some reviews have basically commented that Katniss did not stay \\"in character\\" but if she had not changed in someways she would have been less believable to me.  Anyone forced to endure what Katniss endured would behave in unpredictable ways now and then, would disappoint at times, I would think. On the whole, however, her character remained true to me. She maintained her loyalty and even her purity although it did become quite naturally tinged with anger and of course she felt despair! Who wouldn't!  While there were many surprises, especially towards the end of the book, I was not at all surprised by the complicated truth of District 13 and President Coin. I had been wondering when Katniss would come to see that situation more clearly. Certainly, I was shocked by the Prim incident as for some reason it seems I was in a bit of a bubble, because even with all the horror and terror, I didn't expect the author to go there! It was perfect though! Awful and sorrowful of course, but perfect. This is a book about war after all, and real life does indeed go there!  What a sad, sad but clever twist of fate, as the way everything started for Katniss with The Games, it all started with Prim.  I would sum this series up as a brilliant and bitter paradox. It definitely turned out to be the opposite of fluffy and trite!  As for the \\"love triangle\\" well, my two pennies, I think Katniss ended up with the right guy for her.
1420929089|5.0|I have always loved the story of Little Women, and finally decided to buy it for my own.  I am very happy with my purchase, and know I will enjoy reading and re-reading this book for many years to come.
0545265355|5.0|I have read half of the book and can't leave them!! they are really good!!   Got them in great condition and great timing
0345529057|5.0|The product was well packaged by Amazon and the content matches just what I expected, very good books written by a very good writer.
B00004TS0E|4.0|got the dvd early and I'm very pleased with it but the DVD cover is not the one showing it's the new cover   and I really want it this cover. but overall I'm happy with it cause I like this movie a lot!
B00000DCHI|5.0|if you like billy joel, you must have this--really wonderful and can listen to it over and over. this guy has so much talent that is had to believe
B000Q6ZG5M|5.0|The Sorcerer's Stone was like the first potato chip in the bag and nobody can eat just one.  The entire series was a delicious escape into fantasy and mystery.  The first movie introduced me to a fine ensemble of talented actors and that talent grew as the characters grew up.  Ms. Rowling masterfully weaves a tale of mystery and suspense that even rivals the great J.R.R. Tolkien.  Young Harry Potter must learn of his mysterious past along with the audience and that is great story telling. Thanks to Amazon.com for their low pricing because I first purchased the series on DVD and later replaced them all with Blu-Ray disc's.  This is a marvelous series that with delight all ages.
076115678X|5.0|Whatever your \\"curly type\\" this book gets it done....and gets it done right.  I have looked everywhere for a stylist who could deal with my curly hair; my mistake was that I thought if I found a stylist with naturally curly hair, he/she would understand.........NOT SO!!  I read this book to learn myself, then ordered an extra copy for my stlist.  I got the best haircut of my life (cut ringlet by ringlet).....for the first time in my life I am happy to have curly hair.  No more staighening irons!!! Curly is cute, sexy and easy....now I feel bless rather than cursed.
B00003CXB4|5.0|Purchased for my great grandaughters birthday but sat down and watched it with her.  We both loved the music, the story, the characters.  Loved every minute of it. Nothing dull, boring or scary.  Just pure entertainment.  A movie to be enjoyed by all ages.  So necessary and so unusual in this day and age.  Thank you.
B005G4TJI4|5.0|Great product, great movie given as a gift looking for new items. So on So on So on So on
B004A8ZX28|4.0|I cannot say if i like this movie or not as it was bought as a xmas gift. It did arrive quickly and was in good shape.
0393338827|5.0|If you want a succinct primer on precisely how the financial meltdown of '08 occurred, this is it.  After reading this you'll realize that Bernie Madoff's crimes were chump change compared to the crimes perpetrated by the nation's top financial institutions and the best part is that no one was prosecuted and it cost them nothing because we (the U.S. taxpayers) bailed them out at 100 cents on the dollar!  In fact the executives responsible didn't even lose their multi-million dollar bonuses.  If you can read this book and not be pissed off then you're either dead or work for a bank.  Michael Lewis does an excellent job explaining a very complicated subject in a way that's both entertaining and informative.  Every American should read this book and I have to believe that the folks at Goldman Sachs and Bank of America just wish that this book would fade into oblivion.
B002JVWR4A|5.0|This series is fantastic from the begining until now. I love the characters and the show. The set arrived quickly and in great shape. we truly enjoy and will whatch more then once.
1416955070|5.0|I fell in love with Clary even before I got to the middle of the book. She's such a mix of personality, you never know what might come out of her mouth. She's this brave, yet fearful girl suddenly shoved into this magical world she cannot explain. She evolves so much over the course of the novel, becoming more wise and experienced as it goes on. In the beginning she was incredibly naive, and pretty much sucked at reading people. As the pages were turned, however, she slowly started seeing the things that really went on around her and came out a completely changed and more mature girl. I loved her character from beginning until long after the end.  Jace was a wonderful, if slightly bipolar, male hero. You never know what he might say either. Clary and Jace clashed, yet complimented each other in such a wonderful way. Jace is this complicated character that doesn't believe in loving anyone, he believes it shows weakness. He's another character that evolved so much from the beginning of City of Bones. I loved his character as well.  Every other character seemed like they did something for the story, with only one or two that didn't seem to fit. They all have different personalities that come together quite nicely and make for an enjoying read.  Next to the characters, the plot and writing are the other most important parts of a novel. If you have a wonderful plot, but horrible characters, you aren't going to have a very enjoyable book. This is why so many people love this book, probably, because Cassandra Clare balanced all these important points of City of Bones so well.  Clare draws you in immediately in the first chapter and holds your attention by throwing twists and turns at you she knows you cannot catch, because you don't see them coming. Just when you think you've figured everything out, she shoves you with full force into a completely new twist, that leaves you breathless when you've finally come up for air. This is how I felt at the end of City of Bones.  Clare is a brilliant writer, another important part of a novel. Her descriptions are beautiful and eloquent, perfectly painted for the reader. She understands how to pull the reader in and how to keep their attention and pulls it off flawlessly.  Another thing is I loved how unique this novel was, with unique lingo and creatures. I love when you can tell that the author really thought long and hard about each part of the novel and I had that feeling all throughout City of Bones.  Overall, City of Bones is one of my favorite novels so far and I will definitely be reading City of Ashes the first chance I get. I would highly recommend this book to anyone that loves the paranormal genres and books about demons and demon hunters.
B005DKLPQ0|5.0|I've been waiting for The Smiths remasters with bated breath! The 8 Cd's are housed in a sturdy clam shell white box with a classic Smiths graphic of a vintage photograph. The box contains all eight releases in mini replica's of the LP's album covers and the artwork and three page booklet with brief liner notes. All the CD's albums have inner sleeves with artwork and the Rank Cd album has a replica of the poster that came with the original LP. The remastering makes a marked improvement on the Cd's from the 90's. The sonic improvements present a much crisper and cleaner sound. I definitely hear things on the remastered Cd's I did not hear on the original Cd's. Overall this is a beautiful box set however please know that for whatever reason \\"How Soon Is Now\\" is not included on Meat is Murder however it is represented on Hatful of Hollow. I won't sweat that detail too much since I have multiple remastered versions of said song but it does kind of ruin my original LP/CD memory of the album.Very strangeways indeed Rhino.
006088732X|5.0|I fell in love with the show on ABC ever since it first aired. I knew that the show was based off the books, but I never wanted to read them, because I didn't want to spoil the suspense for the show. I should've much sooner.  Sara Shepard created this genius guilty pleasure of a series. There are so many twists and turns in this first book and compared to the show, I bet the book series only gets better and better.   Shepard does a wonderful job with creating these characters. They all have different personalities, even more minor characters. They all have their own problems. Shepard created characters that girls of today can relate to. There is talk about having parents that constantly expect the best and more from you, parents that are so strict in their beliefs, parents that are crazy and artistic and carefree, and a parent that is constantly working. Shepard touches upon subjects such as constantly needing to be the best, being confused about sexuality, liking someone one shouldn't, eating disorders, cutting, underage drinking, sex, and the normal pressures of being a girl in today's world. She handles each topic with ease and moves onto the next without waivering.  Shepard's writing is simple and clean. She describes stuff wonderfully. All shows and movies are different in some aspects from their book influence, so despite knowing what characters and places look like, I had a different image in my head from how Shepard described it in the book. To me, having the power to do this even though I've seen the show, shows how well Shepard can write.  Overall, I found myself loving the book as much as I love the show and am extremely glad I decided to read it. I can't wait to continue on with the other books and am already a fan of Shepard's from her book the Lying Game, this book just adding more fuel to the growing fire. I highly recommend it to anyone that's seen or not seen the show and anyone that loves books about high school, juicy secrets, and lies.
B003TSEEDY|5.0|This book is one of the best books I have ever read! The story is great and the form in witch is it written is awesome. It will keep you glued the whole time, and sadness will overcome you when it comes to an end. This book teaches a lot about real life experiences. A must read!
0545123267|3.0|I've heard tons of good reviews of Shiver, so I decided it was time to pick this book up to read. Let me tell you, I struggled through the first half of it. I went back and forth from hating it and liking it, but never loving it. The closest I came to loving it was during the middle to the end, where things picked up instead of seeming like a bunch of filler scenes.  I loved the character of Grace through and through. I never once disliked her. She was strong, yet not in the overpowering way. She still was vulnerable at times, but she was brave. She was also smart and witty and an overall wonderful heroine. I enjoyed reading her character and it was one of the things that made me keep reading this book.  I went back and forth from hating Sam, to not minding him. I never loved his character throughout reading, but came to the conclusion of just liking him. In the beginning of the book, he seemed incredibly juvenile and immature. He was not the strong male character I was hoping for. He was far too sensitive at times for my taste. This got much better as the story went on and he really evolved throughout the novel, becoming more strong and mature. If this was a novel solely about Sam, I would have never finished it.  The plot was quite intriguing with the way Maggie Stiefvater created her own unique twist on wolves, what with coldness changing them. I loved when authors take a worn idea and make it their own, twisting in their own unique ideas and creativity, rather than having a clichéd novel.  There were many twists and many I didn't see coming. I was almost about to stop reading, but I got to the middle and things really started taking off more, with less mushy I-finally-have-you romance, and more I-need-to-keep-you-now-that-I-have-you action. To me, there was hardly a plot up until the middle, so I'm very glad I kept trekking.  Overall, I am definitely glad that I kept reading, as I enjoyed the last half of the book far more than the first. Maggie Stiefvater created a wonderfully unique world of wolves and romance and I would recommend this to anybody that loves wolves or just general paranormal romance. I will be reading Linger the next chance I get.
B000NA1Z1A|5.0|This album exceeded my expectations, what a talented singer she was!<br /> I can't stop listening to ALL the songs, great vocals, full of soul<br /> that's mesmerizing. She sang from the heart & gave it her all, &<br /> it shows.<br /> Give the album a chance, you'll be able to see for yourselves, how great<br /> a singer she was! God gave us a gift, & sadly it was for a short time.<br /> RIP, sweet, Amy. &lt;3
B005HGZVEM|3.0|I have been a big fan of Isaak's debut in 1985 and he has done some incredible work.  'Beyond the Sun' is good, but it is not ranking amongst his best works.  This isn't even his work.<br /><br />I get that he was retro when retro wasn't cool.  I get that many have made years worth of comparisons of his voice to Roy Orbison. Isaak doing a cover of \\"Only the Lonely\\" did not help that cause.<br /><br />He is in good voice on this disk of Sun Records artists and songs, but it doesn't sound like his voice.  Johnny Cash's songs sound mysteriously like Cash; and Elvis' songs sound like Elvis.  They barely sound like Isaak doing Cash or Elvis.<br /><br />Cover records are hard to do in the first place, but taking iconic singers and material makes it all that much more difficult.  In theory Isaak has the chops to pull it off, but he doesn't put that much of his spin on it and they come out more like imitations than interpretations.<br /><br />I expected and wanted more from this disk.  It's good, just not good enough.
B004U52VPS|5.0|This is a great game.  My 7 year old son played with it for hours on end.  We actually enjoyed it so much that we got it for 2 other children as birthday gifts!  It's a great game that definitely has them planning out strategies to knock everything over!  Love it!
0453005071|5.0|I received an excellent book just like new. I was very pleased and received promptly. It was ironic that I just moved to FL from MO so I knew exactly where this book was coming from and I was not disappointed in my choice.
0439023521|5.0|This is one of the best books in modern times. The movie Gladiator comes to mind. If you have ever watched the TV shows Survivor or Big Brother this is for you. Actually this book is for everyone. It's Survivor to the death for kids 12 to 17. Brutal? Yes. But not as bas as it sounds.    It takes place in a future America. The US is now split up into districs. There are 12 districs, 13 was destroyed in the last civil war. Collins doesn't mention states, so I'm guessing the capitol is now in Colorado. \\"The Rockies\\" While Katniss is from the poorest, smallest district 12. Probably Kentucky, or West Virginia. Her town has coal miners and is in \\"Appalachia\\"   The evil Capitol, to keep control and dominate the districts stage Hunger Games. Games to remind the districts to never rebel again. Each district must send a girl and a boy to the games where they will fight each other to the death. Twenty four kids enter the arena, one survives and returns home where he will be nearly rich to live a life of luxury. The games are brutal and required viewing for all of the districs. The gamemasters, force the kids to fight each other with knives, spears, anything that will draw blood to keep audiences entertained.   Katniss, who has had a rough life, is forced into adulthood at 11 years old to provide for her family. She sneaks under the fence of District twelve to hunt game to sell, trade, and eat for her family's survival. Her Forte is hunting with a bow and arrow. Her rough life of struggling to even eat, may just her her a chance in the arena. Katniss while worldy smart, seems a little slow in the boyfriend area. Who can blame her though. With school and providing for her family, there isn't much time for boyfriends. Katniss is one of the strongest charecters ever and more importantly, she's a survivor.   This book is beautifully written and a work of art. I've never been able to hunt, yet when you watch Katniss hunt, you feel like your there also. It makes you want to learn tohunt. This book is also amazing written in first person. Your glued to the pages as Katniss thinks about whether she's on screen at times, and how to use that for her advantage.   This book should be a must read for everyone. It's entertainment at it's finest. Some readers might find it to dark. Or Brutal. Even in the beautiful hunting scenes, there is always a brutal undercurrent in your mind. It's not as bad as it seems though. The bloody scenes are small and your through them before you know it. One scene you will cry your eyeballs out. isn't this good thoguh? Writting so good that reaches to your heart. There is also some dark humor. Haymish a drunk, a scene remembering popcorn, and Katniss remembering a previous player who went insane in the arena. There is also a little romance in this book. Buy two copies of this book. Incase you wear the first one out.
B004OKFIYU|5.0|All right, so just to clear things up front, I'm a huge music fan, especially of Billy Joel's music.  I've bought his releases time and again whenever a new version would come out.  Billy Joel is basically the reason why I love music in the first place, so shelling out every few years for a different version of an album I've already owned isn't a problem for my wallet.<br /><br />However, I've never been the music fan that own the highest tech equipment.  The most expensive thing I have is a Bose deck and honestly I use it more to pump sound from other sources through rather than CDs.  That said, I can happily say that my ears can still tell the difference between a good sounding CD and a lousy one.  So I would suppose that this review is aimed at all those other average joes who just love music yet don't have a lot of high end equipment.<br /><br />The first copy of \\"Piano Man\\" I ever had was an LP that my older brother gave to me, since it was Joel's \\"The Stranger\\" album that got me hooked into his tunes back in '77 when I was five years old.  I played the album quite a bit, and often listened to it on my dad's headphones and caught the nuances of the LP mix early on.  The sound of the acoustic guitars especially in songs like \\"Ain't No Crime.\\"<br /><br />After that, I acquired the album on cassette when my LP was finally beat up (kids don't take great care of records - well they didn't when that was the main format), and then the original CD and remastered CD from 1998 when that arrived.  Unfortunately, my ears had become complacent to the cassette mix, which is never a good thing.  I didn't think much of the original CD's sound, and thought the '98 remaster was a decent improvement.<br /><br />Yet the other day I was browsing through Princeton Record Exchange's Audiophile CD section and came across this MoFi version of the album.  It was 26 bucks.  Now, what immediately ran through my mind was that this sucker just had to sound amazing, because the other MoFi stuff I owned in the past were The Beatles' \\"Rubber Soul\\" and \\"Help!\\" on cassette, and those were just incredible.  Yes, even on tape.  Unfortunately like a moron I sold those at some point, but I have forever compared all versions of those two albums to the MoFi releases and all have come up short, including the 2009 remasters.<br /><br />So for me it was a no-brainer to buy \\"Piano Man.\\"  I took it out to my car and slid it in to the CD player (a stock factory player at that).  Right off the bat, I noticed how incredibly warm this remaster sounded.  It has a full bottom that I really hadn't heard since my LP copy years before.  The mix is immediate.  It sounds like the band is right there in the room.  So to the reviewers who apparently just want to put down MoFi for whatever reasons, all I can say is try some Q-Tips.<br /><br />There are all sorts of things in the mix on this disc that leapt out at me that I had never noticed before, and I had heard this album a million times over.  It struck me as directly as the remaster of Dylan's \\"Blonde on Blonde\\" did from a few years back.  Once again, I heard those acoustic guitars that I loved so much that got lost in other versions, as well as other subtleties that just brought a smile to my face.<br /><br />I took the disc and ripped it to 320 kbps mp3s and slapped that on my iPod and it even sounded great like that through my headphones (Skullcandy since we're into listing off equipment in these reviews).  Now I know a lot of audiophiles scoff at digital rips, etc. but again, I'm an average guy who loves music.  That said, any fan of this album should shell out the extra bucks.  The packaging is nice and sturdy, and though it doesn't contain a lyric sheet like the '98 remaster, the original LP didn't, but what MoFi got right on this were all the credits listed inside.  On the '98 disc, all it mentioned was \\"All songs written and performed by Billy Joel,\\" making it sound like he had been a one man tour de force like Todd Rundgren or someone similar.<br /><br />So yeah, buy it.  I'll be curious to see how the next remaster sounds in the upcoming Billy Joel box set coming out in November, 2011.see how the next remaster sounds in the upcoming Billy Joel box set coming out in November, 2011.
B005G4TJI4|5.0|The movies get to me the same day they hit the stores and I dont have to drive to get them.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|Okay...first of all...the review by llana...is pointless....she cant complain about how Suzanne Collins gave Katniss a unique personalit....llana,you probably just thought of the series as your own life and didnt like how katniss thought or what katniss did....get over it!!!!people who read this...im telling you this is a fantastic series for any age....READ IT....ITS GREAT!!!!!
B005PMNBPY|2.0|I love Jane's Addiction. I will buy their music without hearing a song. I even love their side projects.  But this release is a big letdown. The music is bland and I can't believe I'm writing this: BORING! The live songs are OK.  But they are no better than any other live versions that have been released over the years. Much like a relationship of two lovers that loses it's \\"magic\\", Jane's Addiction seems to have lost that \\"spark.\\" I hope for a better effort next time...if there is a next time.
0812973992|3.0|Brief Description: This is not an easy book to summarize. The basic idea is that, on August 4, 1974, a tightrope artist named Phillippe Petit illicitly walked across a wire stretched between the towers of the World Trade Centers in New York City. (This really happened by the way.) All around the city, people were buzzing about what Petit was doing. Using this unusual event as the backdrop for the book, McCann weaves together a series of stories involving a priest and his brother, a pair of mother/daughter prostitutes, a young artist and his wife, the judge who hears Petit's case and his wife, and a group of mothers who have lost their sons in Vietnam. Like Petit in the book, McCann is performing a high wire act of his own--attempting to balance multiple stories on what begins to feel like a razor-thin wire.<br /><br />My Thoughts: This book is an example of a new type of sub-genre that C.B. James recently discussed in his review of Ivan and Mischa: books told via \\"a series of interconnected short stories.\\" (Other examples of this sub-genre include A Visit from the Goon Squad and Olive Kitteridge.) However, unlike A Visit from the Goon Squad--which felt fresh and exciting and new (if not a little confusing)--I thought this book wasn't well served by the interlinked stories style. First of all, the first story involving the priest John Corrigan felt way too long. We spend so much time getting to know him, that when McCann shifts to another story, it was very jarring and abrupt. Plus, it takes quite some time for all the stories to come together and intersect--almost until the last third of the book. Finally, I thought McCann overdid it on the interconnections between the characters. By having seemingly EVERYONE in the book end of up being connected in some way, it made New York City seem like a small town where everyone knows everyone else. This felt so unrealistic to me, and I just couldn't buy into the story. So although I recognize what he was trying to do with this book, I think that (unlike Phillippe Petit) McCann stumbles and falls. Still, it was an interesting read, and I'm glad I gave it a try.s book, I think that (unlike Phillippe Petit) McCann stumbles and falls. Still, it was an interesting read, and I'm glad I gave it a try.
078513915X|4.0|I think this is a fabulous way to introduce youngsters or teens to this classic story.  The artwork is done in the traditional comic-book-cartoon block style, and the story is presented much like the original Jane Austen work, but highly condensed.  There are a few details missing in this version, but any comic book or graphic novel fan will see the author's plot unfold as originally intended.<br /><br />I highly recommend this graphic novel for any comic book fans or graphic novel fans who may want to expand their reading library or get a good grasp of one of the classics by Jane Austen.  Well done.
0385732554|4.0|WHAT is this book about?<br /><br />Jonas is an 11-year-old boy who lives in a community that prides itself on order and following the rules. Everyone in the community knows their place, and they are expected to adhere to the rules at all times. If you are a newchild, you are expected to grow and develop under the care of Nurturers (like Jonas's father)--meeting all your milestones and expected behaviors before you are assigned to a family at your first birthday. For soon-to-be Nines (like Jonas's sister Lily), it is an especially exciting year as you'll get your bicycle (the primary means of transportation in the community). For soon-to-be Twelves like Jonas, the Ceremony of Twelve is critical as it gives you an Assignment--your permanent role within the community. Jonas is anxious about the upcoming Ceremony, and expresses his concerns at his family's daily Sharing of Feelings. His parents assure him that the Council of Elders take their job of assessing the Elevens and picking their Assignments seriously. So when the Ceremony arrives and Jonas discovers his Assignment, he is shocked to discover that it is a very prestigious position within the Community--one unlike any other. This new role puts Jonas in a unique position to learn more about his community ... and what he discovers changes his view of the world forever.<br /><br />WHO do we meet?<br /><br />  Jonas is a young boy with special abilities that put him in a unique position to learn about his community. This knowledge throws Jonas into a quandary as he must keep what he learns to himself, but what he learns causes him to question everything he's ever known about his family, friends, school, and community.<br /><br />  The Giver is Jonas's teacher and the one who opens his eyes to the realities of their community.<br /><br />WHEN and WHERE does the book take place?<br /><br />The book takes place in an unspecified time and place. However, I'm assuming it is set in the future, when life as we know it has been \\"modified\\" in order to maintain order and peace.<br /><br />WHY should you read this book?<br /><br />This is a masterful addition to the canon of YA dystopia, and I think it does what a good dystopian book should--send chills up your spine while presenting you with an alternative world that seems like it could actually come to pass. Like Jonas, the reader slowly begins to grasp the realities of this world and exactly what has been done in the name of order and control. I loved how Lowry created this seemingly utopian world (no sickness! respect for elders! lovely weather all the time!) and then slowly turns it over to reveal its rather sinister underbelly. I read the book in one sitting, and I immediately wished I had a young adult (13 or older) to discuss it with. This is what YA dystopia books SHOULD be like. And I'm not the only one to think so. The book won the 1994 Newbery Medal (which is awarded annually by the Association for Library Service to Children, a division of the American Library Association, to the author of the most distinguished contribution to American literature for children).<br /><br />By the way, this is the first book in a trilogy (the other books are Gathering Blue and The Messenger), and I plan on reading them as well.hould you read this book?  This is a masterful addition to the canon of YA dystopia, and I think it does what a good dystopian book should--send chills up your spine while presenting you with an alternative world that seems like it could actually come to pass. Like Jonas, the reader slowly begins to grasp the realities of this world and exactly what has been done in the name of order and control. I loved how Lowry created this seemingly utopian world (no sickness! respect for elders! lovely weather all the time!) and then slowly turns it over to reveal its rather sinister underbelly. I read the book in one sitting, and I immediately wished I had a young adult (13 or older) to discuss it with. This is what YA dystopia books SHOULD be like. And I'm not the only one to think so. The book won the 1994 Newbery Medal (which is awarded annually by the Association for Library Service to Children, a division of the American Library Association, to the author of the most distinguished contribution to American literature for children).  By the way, this is the first book in a trilogy (the other books are Gathering Blue and The Messenger), and I plan on reading them as well.
1423140591|5.0|Isn't it wonderful to know that some things in life are constant? Death, taxes, and Percy Jackson will return to save the day. I recieved this book for my 18th birthday and devoured it in less the 6 hours. I'll let out my inner fangirl for a moment and say.....<br />I LOVED IT!!! &lt;3 &lt;3 XD XD :):) :)<br />But to be specific and mature, this book was a huge improvement over The Lost Hero. Some reasons:<br />-Percy is back!<br />-There are some fun references to Percy Jackson and the Olympians. (and a Harry Potter reference if I don't miss my guess.)<br />-Frank and Hazel were more endearing to me then Jason and Piper, plus it was fun to see Percy be the third wheel.<br /><br />I also had some questions before reading this book, including:<br />- Will this new Roman Camp be a complete knock off of Camp Half-Blood? (No, it was new and exciting and totally different)<br />- Will there be an irritating love triangle including amnisiatic Percy and a beautiful Roman girl  NO! haha!)<br />- Will it follow the formula of demigods tramping all aver the country and meet various monsters? (Yes, but I like that formula.)<br />-Will Percy ever get his memory back? (Yes!)<br />- Will the third person point of view make Percy less awesome? (not in my opinion. It was fun seeing Percy from another point of view.)<br /><br />There were only a few reasons I didn't like the book, and they mostly referred to the clifhanging plot points.<br />- A strange prophecy that speaks of a 'Wisdom's daughter walking alone.' Now I have to wait another year!<br />- Warnings about how a certain feisty blonde daughter of Athena will cause trouble for Percy. Not.Good.<br />-Percy and Annabeth do not reunite!<br /><br />All in all, this was a fantastic book and an exciting read. Just when you thought Rick Riordan had run out of Greek myths, he throws in more suprises. Another thing I liked was the threads that connected events in the first series to the current one. An example includes an old man pointing threatingly at Percy on a dock in San Fransico. (the Titan's Curse anyone?) I found that I could enjoy this book for its own merits more then the Lost Hero, mostly because I know more about what is happening and could enjoy the ride without too many questions. Frank and Hazel were well rounded characters with interesting backstories and lots of personality. But, honestly, they were outshone by everyone's favorite hot, bronze sword wielding, water bending demigod. Read this book, enjoy, then join the rest of us in salivating for the Mark of Athena, coming out next fall.<br /><br />Senatus Populesque Romanus!und that I could enjoy this book for its own merits more then the Lost Hero, mostly because I know more about what is happening and could enjoy the ride without too many questions. Frank and Hazel were well rounded characters with interesting backstories and lots of personality. But, honestly, they were outshone by everyone's favorite hot, bronze sword wielding, water bending demigod. Read this book, enjoy, then join the rest of us in salivating for the Mark of Athena, coming out next fall.  Senatus Populesque Romanus!
0060574216|4.0|Gray's best-selling (fourteen million copies) book gives the reader insights on how men and women communicate differently. Critics often charge that this book is weak on communication theory.  That is not the purpose of this book.  The book's purpose is to deliver a useful metaphor for helping men and women communicate better.  The metaphor becomes a practical guide of interpreting different meanings and motivations when talking to one another.<br /><br />This book is as successful and applicable in romance as it is in the workplace. Yes, the book is simplistic, and yes, the author makes sweeping generalizations.  These are not faults, as much as they are necessary attributes of a very useful beginner's guide to communication between the sexes.
B004QZ9PLU|2.0|I have to stop even trying to read Sparks anymore. After Message in a Bottle I became a fan; I could't put down The Notebook. But so many of his stories - even the writing - is simple, predictable, boring. I wonder if he has a ghost writer. How can he write such creative stories with substance and interest and great connection to the characters (like the prior two mentioned) and then put out this (and several others I bought and didn't finish). I feel like I'm reading young adult fiction. I found the story here boring and unstimulating. I finally lost it when the cousins started plotting against Dawson because he came back to town. The indepedendent daughter who has raised children and an alcoholic husband yet who still can't communicate as an adult to her mother, the relentless guilt Dawson is living under after serving time in prison for a car accident. And Tuck who somehow connects them. It just doesn't connect for me. The story seemed just thrown together hurried and in an unthoughtful, unprovoking manner. The characters weren't developed, they were rushed. The story uncompelling, implausible. I simply don't connect and I think the author failed to develop the story very much like independent films. It was definitely a take-off on The Notebook. Even Amanda was a copy cat of Allie. I could see Rachel McAdams in every scene I read in this story. BORING. Dawson had too many similiar characteristics of Noah - broken hearted as a teenager, lived a lonely adult life longing for his high school sweetheart. Come on! This story just seemed to try to exploit the success of The Notebook but lacked the effort. True disappointment. This book just might be the end-all for me and Sparks. I think he's turned too commercialized. It's all about the money and getting a movie deal. Well, it certainly was a waste of my $12.99. I won't make that mistake again.
B00138CYD4|5.0|This is the best CD I've ever listened to or owned in all my 50 years of loving music. Get it, you will not regret it!
B005974CNA|5.0|You said that my product would be here in october, 13 and until now october, 19 it didn't arrive, I am very upset with this, but I'm still waiting....
1594202710|4.0|I have never read any book by Kissinger before, and I am very impressed by his writing which is very clear, to the point, and easy to understand.  His first hand experiences with the Chinese leaders in different administrations and in changing times and political cultures are very interesting and his relationships with politicians are very complex and respectful.  He is a very good teacher and definitely helpful in enhacing understanding of the world politics through history.
B004FJJGBG|5.0|I think it is wrong to charge over $100 for any dvd movie.  If this had not been \\"Avatar\\" the price would have been 75% less!! On top of that, they only included the one 3D dvd movie rather than the usual 3 (1 blue ray, 1 regular & 1 3D).  However, in terms of a visual experience, Avatar is the best movie I have ever seen and, as with the few other 3D movies I have purchased, the quality of the 3D effects in this movie are excellent!
B0032JTV6U|5.0|I love this show. The characters, the music, the dancing and the couples are very enjoyable to watch.  My favs are Rachel and Finn and I'm super happy that they got together!!!!
B004LWZW4C|5.0|This movie will be a great addition to your Xmen collection gives a raw look at how it all began especially with magneto. I enjoyed this one and think you will to
B005H9B2CE|4.0|But that is just me.  i have issues with my father.  I wish he was dead or would at least show signs fo dying.  It won\\"t be long now.  Anyway, the scene where Odin extends his hand \\"conveniently\\" toward the end of the movie.  well, I would have taken that hand and pulled him in with me because that f^&ker shouldn't live if i don't.  Decent movie.  Wish the brother and father were both killed.  But that is just me.
B003R0MEZ4|5.0|I love this show and this season is no exception!  It provides fine preformances from every one of its actors. I would reccommend this to anyone.
1401324029|5.0|This transmedia book is the second of the series from the Castle franchise on ABC.  While I'm not sure how much you would appreciate this if you aren't a fan of the show, it's a must for a die-hard Castle addicts such as myself.  This book came out last fall and I saved it for this summer when I knew the Castle hiatus would be killing me.  I love that it gives me a little piece of Castle for my very own.<br /><br />As with Heat Wave, this is a culmination of Castle's time shadowing Beckett.  So it makes perfect sense that  the writers use some of the cases we have seen on the screen, but jumbling them up and mixing the stories together with an entirely new plot.  More to the point, they are very meticulous about keeping everything in Castle's voice.  You can really hear his character as the author.  It supplements the show with a depth of perspective on the character of Richard Castle. It's also amusing to see the characters made into characters.  However, although \\"Castle\\" includes a caricature of his mother in the book, he does not give his Jameson Rook a daughter. I think that says a lot about the man, and the protective father, Richard Castle is...<br /><br />Everything has been getting more complex on the show, providing more to draw from and making for a more intricate novel with more plot twists.  Even the relationship between Lanie and Esposito makes it into Castle's book.  The story is attention grabbing so I stopped thinking about the story-within-a-story-within-a-story thing and just enjoyed it as it was meant to be. Heat is through with Rook, having kicked him out of her life professionally and personally after his article on the department turned into a feature on her. But her freeze out comes to an end when Rook's newest journalistic subject is murdered and his insight is needed once again.  It was a good case, and though I caught one of the clues planted early in the book, I didn't know the who and the why of it until it was revealed in the story.<br /><br />The other nice thing about the novel is that it gives Castle-Beckett 'shippers' something to hold onto.  The romance between Rook and Heat is a virtual love letter to Beckett (and still she isn't ready to let him in...).  I also think it demonstrates that an on screen relationship could work with tension and interest still being maintained.<br /><br />Heat Rises, the third book, is due out September 20, 2011 (along with the Season 3 DVDs) and it's definitely on my TBR wishlist, especially after the escalated, game-changing third season that the show had.  It will be fascinating to see what changes in \\"Castle's\\" writing and what gets pulled into the story.  I may not be able to hold out for a summer read again, though.  I'll probably read it when the show goes into winter hiatus.  The pull is that strong.<br /><br />[..]thing about the novel is that it gives Castle-Beckett 'shippers' something to hold onto.  The romance between Rook and Heat is a virtual love letter to Beckett (and still she isn't ready to let him in...).  I also think it demonstrates that an on screen relationship could work with tension and interest still being maintained.     Heat Rises, the third book, is due out September 20, 2011 (along with the Season 3 DVDs) and it's definitely on my TBR wishlist, especially after the escalated, game-changing third season that the show had.  It will be fascinating to see what changes in \\"Castle's\\" writing and what gets pulled into the story.  I may not be able to hold out for a summer read again, though.  I'll probably read it when the show goes into winter hiatus.  The pull is that strong.     [..]
B004EBT5CU|5.0|OK.  Odds are you are reading these reviews after already listening to this album and thinking you may just be crazy being totally taken in by this almost devilishly beautiful and perfect album.  No, I and all the others are here to tell you that you are not crazy.  This album is more than mind and soul blowing.  The construction is so simple yet everything perfectly in its place.  But the form is just a vehicle for the essence which is conveyed so well it is hard to imagine a better album.  There are no weak spots here whatsoever.  It makes me sad in a way because this quality of music is so rare.  It is hard to think of anything comparable.
B004RC8NUQ|4.0|All romantic comedies follow the same plot thread. If you've seen on RomCom, you will be able to call out what will happen next in every other one: guy meets girl, they get together and have their romantic comedy, something happens to disrupt the relationship, they reunite before the end credits.  No Strings Attached follows this thread. Natalie Portman is fantastic. Is there a role that she cannot play exceptionally? Ashton Kutcher, on the other hand, plays the same exact character in every movie he's in.  They meet at camp as young kids and then hook up again as adults, agreeing only to have their relationship based on sex and no emotional attachment. As is the case for every Kutcher character, he falls in love with the girl and is the poster boy for charm and chivalry. Portman's Emma freaks out and it looks like the relationship has reached it end.  I will admit that I did chuckle a number of times during this movie. The humor feels real (most of the time) It does suffer from the cliched \\"given\\" scenes and lines of every romantic comedy but, when it's a date-night movie, these things can be overlooked.  Portman made this movie following her turn as The Black Swan so it feels like she did it to come down from the dreary world and relax into a mindless fun flick. Kutcher only wants to play the simple, every-woman's-dream in every film he's in.
0307887960|5.0|I think this diet book has some great idea's. I also have friends that went on it and they lost a good deal of weight. I think I will follow the plan. Real easy to do and not a lot of trouble figuring what to make.
B005BZQS1E|2.0|I am not sure what target audience this film is aimed at but someone should have thought about that before making it. You cannot take a kid to it and most grown ups I hope would want something a bit more intelligent.  The problem here is while I do admit to swearing a fair bit and being an Aussie used to hearing this language still unlike what I am sure is the producers' intent, I do not find it funny the use of these words. The jokes are I think crude and not witty. Almost always they have a sexual connotation which did nothing for me.  The acting except for Natalie Portman's effort I found bad. Having said that I doubt she is the right person to cast in a sword and sorcery movie as a fighter. She does not look the part.  The actual filming is good. The special effects quite good.   Still, I would suggest giving it a miss.
0439023521|5.0|My 13 year old daughter recommended this book to me and I apprehensively read it just to have something to chat with her about.  I could not put it down!  It is out of my normal genre, but I would definitely recommend this book to everyone.
0062060554|5.0|The subject of this book really drew me in. Once I started reading I had to keep going. Each page had a new twist or a new turn. Sometimes the suspense had me at the edge of my seat. My house is dirty and my family had to be on their own.  Bravo Mr. Watson, an excellent debut! I raved about it so much my husband has just started it.
B004MC8CA2|1.0|This fictional story felt disconnected. Suffering from a lack of consistency. Even the main character changed halfway through the story.
B004SC7B6M|5.0|Though a different sound than some of their earlier albums, The Unforgiving hits epic high notes for me. Conceived as a sound track for series of comics and short films--a wildly creative direction, IMO--The Unforgiving gets a frequent play for me. More, please!  ADDENDUM: I have tried and tried and TRIED to order the comics, but the only website where they are apparently available has a shopping cart designed by the Three Stooges. I couldn't order the things if my life depended on it.  ADDENDUM 2: Finally got the download to work.
0385738773|4.0|Thomas survived THE MAZE RUNNER and made it through THE SCORCH TRIALS, now WICKED has promised to give him back his memories. They experiments are supposed to be finished and the scientists say they have what they need to fight the virus that has been plaguing mankind. Can WICKED really be trusted? And Thomas isn't sure that he wants to remember. He and a small group of survivors manage to escape, but the outside world is not what they expected.<br /><br />All the questions are answered in this third installment of Dashner's trilogy. Dashner's work should be very appealing for fans of The Hunger Games and other dystopian teen reads. The pacing is quick and readers will love the wide range of characters. Note, the twist endings in both MAZE and SCORCH will also make this a trilogy that readers will want to read straight through to the end of DEATH CURE as quickly as they can get their hands on them.
0307888681|4.0|On its surface, World War Z seems like just another entry in the expanding zombie-fiction genre, but underneath, it is actually a sly commentary about the diversity of the world's different cultures and how we all react and deal differently with crisis.  Instead of a central plot, the story is told through a series of vignettes of survivors' stories, ten years after a global zombie epidemic.  There is no main character except for the unseen narrator, described as a UN worker who has compiled the series of survivor interviews.  His voice is unobtrusive, used minimally, and only serves to move the stories along.  Through the interviews, we get individual accounts of how the zombie war transpired from various viewpoints all over the world.  We also get insight into how different individuals and governments effectively dealt with, or mismanaged the crisis - from Japan to India, Iceland, Cuba, Russia, Brazil, United States, etc.  The book paces itself nicely by first describing the initial confusion and ignorance about what is happening, then travels through the thick of things when the epidemic is at its worst, then ends with the eventual control of the situation and delves into the various ways society changed and adapted in the aftermath.    The individual stories portray the horrors that people experienced on a personal level, as well as give insight as to how things were dealt with politically and militarily.  Through its mode of storytelling, it manages to explore the different ways we react to epic catastrophe on an individual level as well as a collective basis, while also touching upon the fog of war and the confusion that stems from panic and misinformation.  World War Z was an easy read due to its short bursts of rotating stories.  The accounts are realistic and have a sense of urgency and dread.  The book is definitely a fun read, but it also contains a deceptively subtle subtext about world cultures, the human condition and history.
B0042C52VY|4.0|Sounds easy but is difficult and requires a lot of strategic tactics. We all loved it and got frustrated at times
B001P9KR8U|5.0|I received the DVD in a fair amount of time and the quality was great. The movie was in perfect condition. Thank you!
B005G4TJI4|5.0|Awesome movie, incredible picture quality, a must-see for any fan of the movies or the original animated series there is no comparison between blu-ray and standard dvd picture quality with a movie of transformers dark of the moon's calibur.
0345529057|2.0|After hearing so much praise for this series, and while looking forward to the show on HBO, I eagerly picked up the first 4 books.  While the first book was great, the others have been a huge disappointment.  There are just so many issues here; I don't even know where to begin.  1. There are plenty of characters in this series: almost too many, as it can get hard to remember who is who.  I still can't remember who Balon Swann is supposed to be after all this time.  Despite the sheer number of characters, only a meager handful of them are actually likeable.  A lot of these characters and their actions are defended by claims of being \\"grey characters\\", but I just can't consider characters who rape and murder, several times even, anything but antagonists.  There are so many other problems I could bring up with about this cast of characters: how nearly all of them make idiotic decisions out of nowhere, how a lot of them are simply cliches (the bratty Prince, the ugly deformed man who might be more than he seems, the Lord who puts honor above all else, the simple giant, the ugly duckling with a kind heart), or how just as characters begin to get likeable, Martin kills them off.    2. The plot?  What plot?  There is no overarching plot: it's just different factions battling each other to become King.  The first book had a flowing plot that could be followed easily, but the rest of them are just plodding messes.  Every so often, after killing off a bunch of characters, Martin introduces a new faction to the game of thrones: one that seems second rate to the other factions and usually involves a bunch of out-of-nowhere betrayals and backstabbings.  It comes off as the writer dragging things out, and I wouldn't be surprised if he has no idea how he wants to end this.  There are 5 of these 1,000 page books, and now I've heard he's planning on seven?!  He fills his books with so much unnecessary details and \\"swerves\\" (usually just an out-of-nowhere character death) that thesecould all be cut in half at least, and the general story would remain untouched.  Take the character of Dany, for example.  She, towards the end of the third book, is still off in her Far-off Land, having absolutely no contact with the rest of the characters and doing nothing with the plot.  Towards the end of that book was when I gave up, as almost nothing has been accomplished.  3. These books are depressing.  Martin doesn't like to give the \\"good guys\\" any breaks.  The worst misfortune befalls them one after another until they're basically all dead.  Oh, they win battles every so often: but the author seems to think we don't want to read about that.  Instead, we get to hear about how a protagonist ambushed some villains and captured one of their leaders, or how other characters talk about some great victory.  Good call there, who wants to read about some big battle where the good guys actually get the win: hearing a few Lords and soldiers talk about it is much more interesting.  Don't worry though, there are plenty of details for all the gruesome deaths and rapes.    Despite all this, the books are well written, and are engrossing.  There just came a time when I looked forward at the daunting task of reading 4+ more 1000 page books in the series with the plot going nowhere and basically anyone I ever cared for dead.  I would suggest instead picking up and reading the first book, as it is genuinely good.  After that, just pick your favorite character: this person is now the King of Thrones, and everyone else is dead.  At the rate he's going, that may not be too far off from canon.
B0055EAJ7A|5.0|Ok in theaters I saw this in 3D and figured for the extra few bucks it was so worth it to get the complete 3D blu-ray, blu-ray, dvd, and digital copy combo because I will say one of the BEST live-action 3D movies not just of the summer but ever. If you have the extra few bucks and a high-def tv and either have a 3D capable tv or considering getting one get this combo edition of Thor you won't regret it. By the way get the latest generation of Playstation 3 slim because it is 10 times better than my samsung blu-ray player and also has the 3D function built-in.
B004HW7JMO|5.0|Not having seen more than one episode of [[ASIN:B003PIUBZS Spartacus: Blood and Sand - The Complete First Season]] I was unsure what to expect from this prequel. I was surprised to discover Spartacus doesn't appear at all. Instead we get the story of Gannicus and a look into the earlier period of  house of Batiatus, than was covered in the original series.  An insert announces a sequel Spartacus Vengeance for early 2012.  Some of the special features explain how this six part collection came about.  There were some planned flashbacks for a second season which was put on hold due to the actor playing Spartacus' illness. A six episode commitment from STARZ allowed that material to be fleshed out.  Frankly this is not intended for children. The language is coarse, the nudity and sexuality plentiful, and the blood flows freely. I found the bloodletting gratuitous in the first episode but less so as the story unfolded.  It is extremely well written. The cast, especially Dustin Clare, Lucy Lawless and John Hannah handle the material with aplomb.  A guilty pleasure! Highly Recommended!
B0056BU3I2|5.0|Ok guys seriously don't be a cheapskate if you liked the fun speed-filled first movie and the last few movies get this one because it doesn't get much bigger than this as far as action-packed movies of the summer, especially when you get a duke out between Dwayne \\"The Rock\\" Johnson and Vin Diesal. And last of all let's face it this movie was made for high-def fun. Btw stay-tuned after credits
B000IMUYJM|5.0|Although its debatable what was truly the first ever slasher film (1960's \\"Peeping Tom\\" gave the perspective of the murderer, and 1963's \\"Blood Feast\\" had the gory serial killings), \\"Black Christmas\\" is certainly up there with the big daddies of early horror films that influenced generations and generations of horror movies. I guess there is no real ONE film that created or perfected the slasher genre, but \\"Black Christmas\\" is an entertaining and chilling claustrophobic film that helped set the stage for many films to follow.  One thing very interesting about the movie is how it works with so much minimalism. There is hardly a drop of blood throughout the movie, and (SPOILER!!!!) you don't find out who the killer is, but the way it combines the setting, atmosphere, acting and series of events so consistent makes it very watchable and enjoyable. Both influential and brilliant, this movie is an essential for horror fans! Thanks for the time, and peace.
B000SEGUDE|5.0|I picked up this book less than two months ago because I found out that they're making a movie out of it. I can see why these particular filmmakers were interested in it. And reading it has been no disappointment. I won't say that I can't wait to see the film because the book itself is so satisfying and deep, that another read through it will give me more to think about. It's one of those books.<br /><br />Now, I'm not much of a reader, but when I set my mind on a book, I finish it. Last book that hooked me this way was Archer's Kane and Abel. So you can see what I mean when I say I'm not a reader...<br /><br />Mitchell's writing takes some getting used to (one of the reasons I want to re-read it is because I only locked into his style until halfway around the second chapter) but once you got it, you'll laugh your ass off. Not only is he funny, but incredibly detailed and meticulous.<br /><br />Reading this book has been a pleasure and I recommend it to anyone who is brave enough to wander into sci-fi/historical fiction.
B004QZ9PLU|4.0|To be totally honest I have read almost all Mr Sparks books, this one was just not up to par you just knew what was going to happen after reading the first few pages.  These books are expensive and I honestly wish I had not even bothered to buy it. Sorry my honest opinion.
B0001Z53MY|5.0|There are relatively few albums available in Surround Sound; you want to make sure to get all of the good ones (if your sound system can play them). This is definitely a good one. You can really tell that the producer went out of his way to make sure the quality of the Surround Sound mix is up to par with Elton John's best album. Now that I've heard this version, I don't want to listen to Funeral For A Friend/Love Lies Bleeding any other way.
B0031ES8P6|5.0|Bought this as part of a birthday present for my friend who has a Hello Kitty obsession. She absolutely adores it!
1439153663|5.0|Bought this book based on the blurb alone.  When I began reading, I was immediately impressed with the author, as it was beautifully and well written.  The characters were so real, sympathetic and appealing.  The author put me right there in 1793 with them, not always an easy thing to do.  The story was also unique considering how many plantation novels have probably been written.  That was a pleasant surprise as I think I feared it would be a more formulaic plot.  Let me add, I hate romance novels.  This was not that genre.  The orphaned seven year old Irish girl, Lavinia, came to this family and their slaves as an indentured servant and she was always portrayed in a way to let us know the real heart of her.  There was a large cast of characters and the relationships between all of them were so well developed - as they came and went on the page, I was always happy to see each of them.  Even the dispicable ones were tolerable and sympathetic on some levels.  The author excelled at plot devices and I was taken aback and surprised by some of the events that occured and how the characters dealt with these events and also their mastery of dealing with adversities.  Sometimes I just wanted to say WOW.  The Kitchen House was sometimes sad, but at the same time, uplifting.  I hated to have this book end.  It was a pure delight and the best novel I've read in a very long time.
B004H1YH66|5.0|I've been listening to the original soundtrack for decades and it's always been my favorite.  It was amazing hearing it so beautiful re-recorded.  Yes, some of it is paced differently and there are variations in some of the songs, but I found it was respectful of the original and refreshing.  The Tower of Set alone was worth it.
0062502182|5.0|I have read the book and found it to be great. I am disappointed that many people criticize the book. The book has many good points. It is also very easy to read. Throughout the book, Paulo Coelho mentions Personal Legend. This book is about finding your path in life. What I like about this book is that the theme is universal. It doesn't just apply to one religion over another, but rather it has something that all the world's main religions have in common. That is the idea of journey, and eternal happiness. This book explains that it isn't merely the outcome of your destination, nor is it the destination itself, but rather the journey of the destination. Those things that you learn from your journey, and those people that you see in your journey is what counts.    This book reminds me about a scene from a movie called \\"Peaceful Warrior\\", when Dan the main character is with Socrates, his teacher. Socrates and Dan are hiking up a trail, and they reach the destination. Dan doesn't see anything special about the end of the trail, but he quickly realizes that it wasn't the destination of the trail, but rather the whole experience of the journey up the trail that counts.    I would recommend this book to people
B000053GTF|5.0|All The Way A decade Of Song And Video is a musr have for any Celine fan. Here's why.  This DVD includes ALL the videos for the new songs that are recorded for the CD such as All The Way and Live For The One I Love. Normally, Greatest Hits DVDs rarely include the videos for the new songs. Some of them are similar showing Celine in a casual home setting like I Want You To Need Me and That's The Way It is.    I like Celine playing the romantic chanteuse best in The Power Of Love and If You Asked Me To. The soft camera focus on Celine with flowing tresses in dreamy bedroom settings compliments the songs perfectly.   The best video is It's All Coming Back To Me Now. It has a great story ine to match the song. Celine runs through the huge mansion filled with candles and classical decor as she pines for her dead lover. \\"There were nights of endless pleasure, it was more than any laws allow.\\" Interesting lyrics, don't you think?  Sony managed to include videos to the movie themes My Heart Will Go On and Then You Look At me and live performances of Beauty And The Beast and To Love You More.  Don't forget to select the onscreen lyrics if you want to sing along.
B0056E3S4U|5.0|OK...I'd like to put anopther album in and listen to it, but everytime I just stop and play This Loud Morning again. This is an infectious album that just gets better with each and every listen, and it was pretty good to begin with.  This is music with depth, sung by a musician with a real voice. No auto-tune here (thank god!), this is a man with a great voice sharing it with us.
B003VANOFY|4.0|The G930 headset is great except for one minor issue. The mic can be muted, but if you go out of range it automatically unmutes itself.  When you hit the mute button the red mic light turns on. When you go out of range, the headset beeps and then comes back online.  The red mute light goes off and you are automatically unmuted.
B002V091IO|3.0|This was the first book I bought for my Amazon Kindle. It was a good read, but didn't live up to the hype that was in the media at the time. Overall, the sad fact was I didn't find myself liking the characters much. Not bad though.
B005A1ER0I|5.0|I've had this album since the day it's come out and I still listen to it at least 3 times a week all the way through.  I had it playing while driving home in a giant storm, and the effect was ... indescribable. I don't have the words to describe the beauty and power in this music, but please at least listen to the previews. I cannot wait for his next solo work!
B000MQC9H4|4.0|We expect the love stories that take place to work out in the end and in that vain there is nothing new. It wasn't particularly well written and we're used to seeing Cameron Diaz in these types of roles that she's plays (in fact, she's played this same character in more than half of the films she's starred in), but there's something about this movie that completely envelops you. There's also something about Kate Winslet playing a completely love sick, mopey woman. She often plays strong characters, not wimps, and there was something about her performance that didn't make her seem that way, but actually made your heart go out to her. You could even relate to the privileged character that is played by Cameron Diaz. This is one of those movies I watch during the winter, put a blanket around me, and eat a bowl of frozen yogurt. It's such a chick flick, total guilty pleasure, and a true classic as far as my favorite go-to movies are concerned.
B005ER6STG|1.0|Potential Spoiler Alert:  I will not give you the details of this movie as you can likely get the idea from the plot synopsis.  However, I do want to let all potential viewers know that the following were included in this film:  extremely graphic sex and violence including  pedophilia (in the worst imaginable way), incest, bestiality, torture, etc.  In fact, I'm unsure what vile part of the worst characteristics of humans were left out of this movie.  To provide background, I like horror books and films and did a search to find the best recent horror films.  I read a number of people mention that this movie was better than \\"Martyrs\\" (which I have not seen) which was listed on a number of people's top 10 list.  Let me emphasize that I do not believe this movie is a horror movie (think Paranormal Activity); rather it is horrific.  It was like a X-rated version of \\"Hostel\\" on crack.  A number of times throughout the movie, I caught myself wondering why I did not turn it off..as I have done this when movies bore me, toe the line on (my definition of) decency), etc.  I realized that this movie was so horrifying that I watched to see if there would be any shred of redemption.  I needed there to be some type of happiness or healthy resolution.  While I don't blame the film for ending the way it did (before the very last part...disgusting), I was deeply disturbed and saddened to discover there was no such redemption.  Rather than focus on the cinematic quality of the film, as I can not find any possible way to justify this genre of film, political statement or not, I can only focus on the emotional responses this movie invoked in me:  concern rising to disbelief, rising to shock, rising to horror, rising to feeling just a little bit sick.  This movie has been flashing in my mind the whole day and has affected me like no other movie I have ever seen in my life.  That was probably the directors' intent but I am left with wishing I had never watched it.  I am not a better or more informed person for seeing this movie and the fact that these various acts happen in real life has made me feel very, very exposed to the underside of humanity...a lesson I don't think we need to unwittingly learn.  So, I write this review (first one on Amazon) to potentially save someone else from making the mistake I did.
B003L77GRO|3.0|Seasons 1-3 were worthy of 6 stars.  Season 4 dwindled.  Season 5 was a total let down.  Dexter lost drive to be a \\"neat monster.\\"  And I hate Julia Styles
0385534639|2.0|As a big fan of magical tales, I was excited to read this, but it's disappointing. It's a disjointed tale, jumping from character to character and the tale is not as compelling as it needs to be to keep up. I had no problem putting it down.
B005NPB7K4|5.0|I'm a huge Fan of Chris Isaak, and Elvis, Cash, Roy, Jerry Lee, and the whole Sun recording catalog.  When I heard that Chris was paying tribute to his idols and recording their work in the original Sun Studios, I was excited and couldn't wait to get my hands on the recording.<br /><br />Though the wait seemed like forever, I wasn't disappointed.  This is a great release from Mr. Isaak and a fitting tribute to Sun Records and its many artists.  I've been listening to this all day, and there isn't a bad track on the whole recording.<br /><br />I really appreciate that fact that this is a deluxe double recording with lots of material to indulge my sonic appetite.<br /><br />Chris makes these songs both tributes and his own in a very subtle fashion.  The music and vocals are sublime.<br /><br />Sun earned its place in musical history by the material it produced, and Chris does that tradition honor.
B004VF68AQ|4.0|As an old Jane´s Addiction fan, I´m happy with the new album. Let´s face it, this band has given us countless musical trips and smiles. Last year, I had the pleasure of watching them perform here in Brazil, and it was awesome. They continue, well, to be Jane´s Addiction. This CD is a gift to all of us. It´s not as harmonious, as sweet, as dirty as the songs we learned to love. But it´s way better than most of the stuff being produced today. I´d buy it again. Let´s just not be unfair with ourselves, none of us are as good as we were before. But we still jam!
B005BZQVJ8|1.0|Have never seen a science fiction, alien, or comedy film this boring - it's boring from the very beginning to the very end even with an alien in the film to spice it up - hard to believe!
B0038M2AZA|5.0|This movie helped us, the parents, to better understand our high functional autistic teenage son.  It helped us to understand his condition, his behaviors and his frustration.  It helped our autistic son to see how he is different than others and how others who doesn't understand Autism see him.  Anyone related to or work with or to teach someone with Autism should watch this movie.  We read books after books about the autism to understand our son's condition but did not help much.  This movie did.
1400064287|2.0|I am going to propose a new marketing framework. It is called: SCREW-U: Simple, Complete, Ringing, Emancipating, Wide and Unconventional.   Now I can pick up any tagline that you might be familiar with (Example, Southwest's \\"The Low fare airline\\") and fit it into this framework. Go on. Try it. You can do it too.  \\"Made to Stick\\" calls its criteria - SUCCES and the book is replete with anecdotes of how everything good in the world fits into that framework. This not only minimizes the hard work that people have put into their products and messaging, it also gives gullible readers an incorrect idea of what marketing really is. The funniest thing is that Chip and Dan are real marketers and follow 3 true fundamentals of marketing: segmentation, differentiation and positioning.   They found the segment  new and gullible wannabes lurking on the fringes of the marketing world), created differentiation - (our framework is simple enough for these \\"dummies\\") and came up with a positioning - (feel good advice in this book is a good substitute for years of learning and discipline)
0521675804|5.0|If i speak English today, I owe it to Mr. Raymond Murphy, for writing this absolutely fantastic book. I have studied German during high school and when I was introduced to this book I literally knew no English whatsoever. I'm truly thankful that such a marvelous book exist.
B004T5K3OK|5.0|If you use Evernote, this is a great addition to your toolkit.  Scan and share with Evernote, and never loose anything again.  The image enhancement makes it easier for Evernote to use it's OCR so you can search on text in the photo.<br /><br />Great tool!
B005KCGIUY|5.0|I disagree with the album description as being \\"perverse\\" and \\"filthy;\\" these adjectives more accurately describe the first Puscifer album.  Conditions of My Parole has an amazing variety in its songs, ranging from tracks that sound like a continuation of the work of A Perfect Circle, others that sound vaguely Tool-esque, and still more that don't sound like anything I'd heard before.  There are beautiful tracks that layer a cacophony of instruments, vocals and electronica (Monsoons, Horizons, Oceans) and others that each create their own atmosphere and elicit a visceral response (Tiny Monsters, The Rapture, Toma) and still others that have that now-trademark sound of Puscifer itself... what I've described as gritty in such a way that puts a smile on your face (Man Overboard, Conditions of My Parole).  There isn't a single track on this album that I skip over, nor are any of them lacking in soul.  Fans of Maynard will love this, but it's also an album that will bring new blood to his ranks of fans.
B003ITZBVI|5.0|A Death in the Family. Go, read it now. We'll wait for you.<br /><br />Alrighty. Now that that is out of the way, this is a DCU animated flick featuring a new villain, the Red Hood, busting in and taking control of the underbelly of Gotham. Comic fans most likely know this tale. But suffice to say, Red Hood is noticed by the Batman and visa versa.<br /><br />Despite my reservations, the voice-actors are amazing. I didn't think Greenwood or John DiMaggio could pull their weight but I was pleasantly surprised. I was looking forward to Jensen Ackles entering into the DC animated films. I will say that Neil Patrick Harris did not get enough time on-screen; he nailed Nightwing dead on.<br /><br />It seemed that DC just continues to make these productions better with each project. The special features are in line with what we've come to expect from DC's animated lot. But they did include a short film for Johna Hex, and it was very well done.<br /><br />Batman fans should not miss this one. And don't count out the Joker in this one. He's a scene stealer.
B0050VI5SI|5.0|This band reminds me a little of The Ceasers mixed with Delays and maybe Beck? Tracks 1,2 and 7 are my favorites but the whole cd is ear candy for those of us who enjoy pop-dance-trance. if you've heard \\"pumped up kicks\\" and liked it then I can assure you the album will be to your liking,. But I will say that \\"pumped up kicks\\" seems to be slightly different from the rest of the album,but not too different-not like \\"hey you tricked me\\" just don't expect the album to follow the exact same formula as that song. If you want a band that writes every song exactly the same I recommend Linkin Park.
0446585025|2.0|Although I too love Ellen and have always loved her from the very beginning of her career, this book to me was not funny at all. I think that if she did a stand up skit on all the things she talked about in this book it would be hilarious. No so in print I'm afraid. I couldn't wait to get to the end. Not worth the money I paid for my Kindle. I rather see her on TV or maybe an HBO Comedy Special.
B00005B5L4|3.0|I had heard that this DVD audio version of the Mac's \\"Rumours\\" LP/CD was the only way to hear it.  It came at a steep price as well!  After giving it a few spins I can say that it is interesting to listen to it in surround on my McIntosh / JBL Project Array Synthesis home theatre system.  I just don't think it's worth the high price as in some ways it sounds rather odd.  Just MHO you understand. This is an album I've enjoyed since it's release many moons ago.  In this version the sound is broken down into the seven channels of the theatre system.  While you can now hear each instrument more isolated than ever, and if your trying to learn to play a part this will help.  I did enjoy it, but not more than the original LP that originally came out when it was first releasted.  That's all I can say about it.  Thank you for your time.
B004QZ9PLU|2.0|After waiting and waiting for the release, I'm sad to say I was disappointed by how predictable this book was. I like at least a few surprises and sad to say, there were none in this story. The characters of Ted and Albee were too cartoonish and over the top. I am a huge fan of Mr. Sparks but he fell extremely flat with this on.
1423140591|4.0|A fun book, just like Riordan's others, with wonderfully colorful descriptions of monsters and locations. The plot was fairly easy to follow considering the author tends to throw a lot at the readers and characters alike. The characters are likable and the twists twisty, though Percy's amnesia seems so vague it barely registers. Still a fun read, however.
B004J1DBJI|5.0|just amazing as the famous steve jobs put it just works easily. wish i was as smart as this app.
B0047Y0FGY|4.0|This book was as amazing as I hoped it would be!  It was fun, funny, and told the life story of a successful woman.  Hearing about the creation of 30 Rock was truly inspiring.  Sadly, I felt the last half of the book was not as great as the first.  The second half of the book felt more rushed and forced than the free flowing first half.  Even with this fact, the book was a great read, showing how a strong willed and opinionated woman paved her way into Hollywood and the hearts of TV viewers.  You MUST read it.
B005LJK3AC|4.0|I'm guessing most of the bad reviews are from younger viewers that probably can't relate to the situations in the film.<br />Having worked for both a \\"Psycho\\" manager and a \\"Tool\\" Son of an owner before, I could relate quite a bit.<br />I laughed a few times during the film which isn't something many current popular comedies can accomplish.<br />If you're an over 40, have ever worked in an office for a real sadistic jerk and liked the trailer (free to watch), give it a go.<br />It's not one I'd buy and watch over and over again, but it makes a good Saturday night rental both you and your spouse can enjoy.
B005D51JQQ|5.0|'25 Years' is not a greatest hits collection, nor is it a complete comprehensive overview of Sting's work. It is a generous sampling of his music that expands the artist's palate and tries to frame what Sting has accomplished for 25 years.   As a fan of the Police and Sting the leap of faith came for me in 1985 when Sting released his first solo effort, `Dream of the Blue Turtles', It was then I decided that I loved his voice and although it wasn't the Police I was willing to see where he would take me. Next came 'Bring On The Night' at the time a live import that was the first reworking of Sting and Police songs...I loved it.  Throughout his career Sting has been reinventing himself and in many cases reconstructing his songs...whether it was a reworking of \\"We'll Be Together\\" or \\"It's Probably Me\\" with Eric Clapton as heard on the Australian import `Fields of Gold' from 1994, a song created or used from a movie soundtrack or a b-side from a Japanese import such as \\"Everybody Laughed But You\\" from `Ten Summoners Tales' or \\"Windmills of your Mind\\" from `Brand New Day', Sting has shown his restless spirit and willingness to grow these songs as he has grown. So we have seen reinterpretations of his songs that run the range from accapella , small jazz ensemble, or as in the case with Symphonicities full fledged London Symphony orchestra.   Here Sting has curated and remixed these tracks most notably \\"We'll Be Together\\" and \\"Fortress Around Your Heart\\" but it is evident he loves these songs and has taken the time to carefully select what is showcased here. I loved hearing the new version of \\"Never Coming Home\\" one of my favorite tracks from 'Sacred Love'. It would have been nice to see some of the b-sides or american songbook standards that Sting has done over the years, such as \\"Someone to Watch Over Me\\" or even \\"`Round Midnight\\" some of which appeared on `My Funny Valentine...Sting At The Movies.'  Stings voice has never been better as anyone who saw him on the Symphonicities Tour can attest to. There in concert as here its nice to see that Sting has not forgotten some of his lesser known but still loved songs from his catalogue. It's obvious he loves these songs and cares about his legacy.
B0052VUNHC|4.0|The reasons I love this book are as follows: Bad boy finally loses his heart, creative setting, steamy scenes that leave you fanning yourself, friendship comes first, and Travis. After finishing this book I reread it immediately. You'll fall in love with Travis. And you'll start searching for a book with a guy who can even compare to him afterwards. Be prepared to have this romance sizzle and rock your world.   The only con about this book was it was really long. Some issues were really drawn out. But that's it. The rest was like candy!
B000089RVX|5.0|Fallen has a deeper, darker sound than The Open Door and is definately more intense than the new self-titled abum by Evanescence. I love this album on the whole; there is not one song that I don't like! Frontwoman Amy Lee uses her voice beautifully throughout, changing subtly from tracks like the high-intensity \\"Going Under\\" to the softer \\"My Immortal.\\" Definately worth a listen!
B005BW1IEE|3.0|It's a decent album, but probably among my least favorite from 3DD.  It just doesn't have the passion and energy of Better Life.
B0006B2A42|5.0|I first saw this movie about 30 years and was a good part of why I joined the submarine service. It's a great spy movie, with a good amount of plot twists, and great actors. It was a great thrill when my own submarine pulled into Holy Loch Scotland (where the story starts)and to go under the artic ice as well. Too bad we didn't get to surface there as well. The sub footage was great as was the action.
1423140591|5.0|Seriously, I love the Percy Jackson books. I'm not ashamed to say it as a 24 year old man. They're great and address that love of Greek and more specifically, these past two books, Roman mythology! I just can't get enough! Got hooked on the original series when Riordan had just released the last in the first series and read all of them in about a month while in grad school and now the past two have been so much MORE fun that I am furious now that the next one won't be coming out till NEXT October!! Argh!<br /><br />If you're wondering if you should read this, come on people, READ IT!
B002SJKWZ4|5.0|I bought this wand for my wife, and a little bit for me. She is a big Harry Potter fan and has wrapped me into it a bit. I'm more of a gadget guy, and just the \\"coolness\\" of this thing is amazing. People who come over to our house love it. The commands were much easier to use and program than I expected after reading some of the other reviews. It also had a much more authentic look, I definitely didn't think it looked cheap as one reviwer said. The box is nice for displaying it on our TV stand as well. The price is a bit high for something like this, but if you have some money to waste, I highly suggest this!!
B005JU5JTI|2.0|The idea has potential, but it was thrown together by 8th graders. It could have been Twenty First Century Animal House on Hip Hop and wound up as a sort of Hanna Montana with a very mild dose of attitude. Missed opportunity to create a classic. Too bad.
B005L3HKTU|5.0|I have been a fan of Insomnium since the very beginning, and \\"In the Halls...\\" still remains one of my absolute favorite albums of all time. I have been introducing people to this band since I first heard them, and the response is always the same: sheer wonder and delight. I'm so pleased to see the band continuing to do well and perfecting their unique sound. It's not often that a band can kick your ass and make you admire the beauty of it all at the same time. This is a band that needs to be heard to be believed, and I am convinced, after 33 years of metal music, that my ear is tuned in to the excellence that only this music can create when it's power and beauty are harnessed by respectful, skilled practitioners. You wanted the best? Well here they are. Insomnium - best in the world at what they do.
B005CSWOHC|2.0|I was very dissappointed in this CD. I feel with her talent and experience, she should have done much better. I am starting to wonder if she needs a different career. I am not sure she has an identity outside of Destiny's Child. She had to much pop music and some of her beats played over her vocals. I think she could have killed the R&B game but instead she continues to play to a pop audience. I am just not sure she has the IT factor.
0446547654|4.0|It was bittersweet and touching.  It seems like Sparks is getting back to what he does best.  I have felt like his last few books have been duds but this one grabbed me right from the beginning as I rode the wave of ecstasy and torment along with the characters.  Well done.
1579128149|4.0|The Elements provides gorgeous visuals, along with plenty of examples to bring your budding chemist up to speed.  The commentary, in a light and fun style, gives plenty of examples of uses for each element.  Young scientists will learn a lot from this, both the useful and the trivial.    Even for nonchemists, The Elements will bring to mind a few things forgotten for a long time.  This book amuses the reader with facts outside any one person's specialty.  Most of us, for example, don't know why selenium was so important to the Xerox machine.  We can learn a lot of this kind of trivia on the internet, but working with a hard copy brings a sense of organization and completeness.  Those pictures, worth thousands of words, show many things we're not likely to appreciate otherwise.  The Elements invites the same spirit of \\"check this out\\" viewing - and reading aloud - that animates a morning with the Sunday funnies.  This beautiful book can decorate your coffee table, serve as a reference for your kids, or entertain you for a couple of hours.  You may want to own it, or donate it to a school library after a while.
B000J5XS3C|4.0|Since long I was looking for a mixer with low budget with decent function. After searching lot on Amazon I found Xenyx 802 should suit my requirement. I imported it to India from USA. Mostly my usage is personal recording and Karaoke. I found this mixer extremely useful. It has handy controls. Not much prior knowledge required for its usage. This product should have main ON/OFF switch (which is missing). If anyone wants to have his/her own mini studio with low cost, I should be their choice. I would love if Amazon / Behringer offer some combo which includes connection wires (1/4 connector, RCA cables) Dynamic/Condenser microphone etc.  This way one can save Shipping cost.
B002BU0DPE|3.0|So I went out to by my new first headset and i was looking at a couple of headsets, this one and the Triton 180's. One of my friends had the PX21's and he said it was awesome so i went and got it.  My god the headset was AWESOME. Sounds were so distinct and clear. My play deffinently got better because of the headset but after 6 months of usage , the headset is broke. I took care of it and hardy ever dropped it but regardless the headset's not working anymore. One headset would get audio while the other would not and vice versa. I think its more to do with the wiring because i could move it in a certain way and i would get audio.   I just ordered the new PS3 Wireless Headset and I'm hoping it'll be a huge upgrade.
B003J27WFW|5.0|I've been a Rush fan for most of my life, but since I've not been an avid all-time Rush fan, I've often missed what the band means to me. I go through Rush phases, particularly when they have an interesting new CD/DVD set, but I don't listen to them all the time any more.<br /><br />I recently borrowed from a friend Beyond The Lighted Stage, the 2010 Rush documentary by Scot MacFayden and Sam Dunn (the directors of \\"Metal: A Headbangers Journey\\", \\"Global Metal\\" and the \\"Flight 666' Iron Maiden documentary; Scot, apparently, grew up not far from me and went to high school with close friends of mine) because I had to experience for myself this incredible rock `n' roll journey by one of the most long-lasting bands around (only the Stones have existed longer as a unit, but with more lineup changes). It's been the same three guys since 1975, although Alex Lifeson and Geddy Lee have been playing in bands since 1968.<br />The key themes of the movie are, of course, friendship, musicianship, development, passion, and (bad) fashion. It charts the history of the band, with key moments being when the directors bring the members of Rush back to the places where they started out - the church, where they played their first gig, they return to for the first time since they played there in 1968.<br /><br />The films starts off with scenes of the band warming up, of Neil throwing a drumstick into the air and then dropping it (rare - how often would that happen?) and then goes quickly into celebrity interviews: Trent Reznor of Nine Inch Nails, Mike Portnoy of Dream Theater, Kirk Hammett of Metallica (who couldn't believe that the band could produce so much sound with only three members when he first heard them), Tim Commerford of Rage Against The Machine, Jason McGem of Death Cab For Cutie, Vinnie Paul of Pantera, Zakk Wylde, Les Claypool of Primus, Dana Carey of Tool, Matt Stone of South Park, Taylor Hawkings of Foo FIghters, Jimmy Chamberlin of Smashing Pumpkins, Sebastian Bach of Skid Row (who claims to be Member #3 of some Toronto-based Rush fan group), Jack Black (who gives multiple funny speeches, such as the one about rock sauce), Gene Simmons (\\"There's no other way to describe Rush than just... Rush.\\"), and Billy Corgan, who notes that the Beatles and the Stones (the only other bands Rush can be compared with) have been over-explained... but not Rush.<br /><br />But hey - where's Marilyn Manson?<br /><br />The film goes into historical mode, explaining that the parents of Geddy Lee (nee Gary Lee Weinrib) were both Polish Holocaust survivors (here's where the similarities to Robb Reiner, the drummer of Anvil, and a key player in the other great Canadian rock `n' roll documentary, come in) who relocated to Willowdale, a suburb of Toronto, where they were one of the first Jewish families. Geddy's dad died when he was 12, meaning that he had to go into 11 months of mourning. Geddy's mom, Mary Weinrib, talked about Geddy as a kid (the nickname/stage name \\"Geddy\\" came from her pronunciation of Gary through her thick Polish accent; he's since had his name legally changed to Geddy). The story covers how Geddy met Alex Lifeson in high school, there are plenty of cool pictures of Geddy and Alex as young shorthairs together in school (incidentally, Rick Moranis was their classmate, a fact that probably led to their collaboration with Geddy on \\"Take Off\\", the hit single of the Bob And Doug MacKenzie  album \\"The Great White North\\").<br /><br />Alex seems to have had a relatively steady upbringing, his parents both having immigrated from Yugoslavia, dad had been in a prison camp. The film interviews his mom, Melanija Zivojinovich. Both kids got guitars from their moms, Alex was promised his if he brought home good grades, which was no problem as he was a teacher's pet and was a master schmoozer. Geddy and Alex shared the same grade nine homeroom. First gig was in a church basement in September 1968, the drop-in centre called The Coffin, they got $10,having played to 35 kids, went to eat at Panzer's Deli. Scenes of Sam The Record Man and A&A Records on Yonge Street, discussion of the Yorkville scene (see also Neil Young's Archives 1), and the local hit band The Poppers. Ray Danniels got them as a manager, saw them as talented 16-year-olds who could play a high school circuit with drummer John Rutsey (1953-2008). Pic of three of them in their undies, very early footage, nice red and white star shirt, playing in basement. Alex quit school in grade 12, there's a high quality video of him talking to his parents about his decision, sitting with a girlfriend at the kitchen table talking about it - it looks staged, but that is because it is from a 1972 scare movie about teen pregnancy and school-leavers called \\"Come On Children\\" from 1972).<br /><br />There had been a turning point in the Toronto band scene in 1971 when the drinking age was dropped to 18. Yorkville's cafes, hippy and revolutionary, were shut down, and good-time rock `n' roll was encouraged for a rockin' younger drinking crowd. The film quotes famous Canadian musician Kim Mitchell talking about the scene. Rush was playing six nights a week, at places like Abbey Road pub. \\"Garden Road\\", a never-released song from that era, is played in the movie. The band put together their own first album, and it was heard in the US, where it got attention. \\"Rush\\" was the perfect album for Cleveland in 1974, especially songs like \\"Working Man\\", which resonated with many Clevelanders (is it a coincidence that their new live CD \\"Time Machine\\" was recorded there?). The phones lit up with people calling in to ask for the record, thinking it was the new Led Zeppelin release. There was no record industry in Canada at that time, only outposts. John Rutsey was more into Bad Company, Geddy and Alex were into Yes and Genesis and Pink Floyd. John not healthy enough to tour, would have been okay for the home circuit. So, with a US tour coming up, they looked for a new drummer.<br /><br />Neil Peart was from a farm in Hayville, cursed by skating on ankles, learned to knit because it was a challenge, suffered physical abuse in the smoking area as a result of being a bit weird and growing his hair longish. Drumming became an instrument of self esteem. The footage shows both parents, who were supportive of his career in music. Was in a band called JR Flood, playing the double bass drum even then. Dad encouraged Neil to audition for Rush in Ajax. Geddy thought Neil was goofy, Alex thought he was not cool enough for Rush. Then he played... \\"He was so good!\\" Mullet man. First tour was opening for Manfred Mann and Uriah Heep. Mick Box of Uriah Heap loved them.  Eleven days on, one day off, brutal schedule. The film shows posters of their bills with the New York Dolls, Thin Lizzy, Aerosmith, Rory Gallagher, Rod Stewart and the Faces, Montrose, KISS (who loved them, playing 50-60 shows together - the two bands got close). Geddy says that there was no harder working band then KISS, he said it was \\"fun to watch their hotel\\". Two-band pic with big \\"happy birthday\\" cake, KISS in make-up, Rush just in jeans. Kim Mitchell's story about the lady's bowling league staying on the same floor as Rush and partying harder than these boys. Neil very literate, opinionated, weird, serious, always the new guy, buying a lot of books, a reader. The band worked on songs after shows. \\"By-Tor\\" the start of thematic stuff. Audiences got smaller and smaller, toured with Ted Nugent on Caress of Steel when he was also a small act, depressing tour. The discussion of 2112 begins at 37-minute mark of the DVD, the band says that they felt at the time that 2112 may have been their last hurrah, despite pressure to become a rock/pop band, they were determined to go out guns blazing.<br /><br />Billy Corgan describes how he once could play all of Side 1 of 2112, the release also encouraged a 12-year old Sebastian Bach to go out and buy Ayn Rand's The Fountainhead, to which the LP had been dedicated. \\"2112 bought us our independence,\\" they realised (\\"We have assumed control\\", the final words of Side 1 of 2112 really carry new meaning!). Critics hated it. \\"Unintentionally funny.\\" \\"A cancerous network of haphazard key and time signature changes.\\" \\"Smug, hypocritical, pseudo-symbolic drivel.\\" \\"Flagrantly derivative music.\\" Constant insults from media, but not from fans. \\"Best band in the galaxy\\" the posters at shows said, with the 2112 back patch on thousands of jean jackets. A people's band. Canadian VJ JD Roberts gives his comments, now and also from '80s footage. No fashion clue. In San Francisco they found kimonos. First UK tour, where they actually charted!  Nice shots of a Hammersmith Odeon marquee, Rush with Max Webster opening. Geddy and Alex at this point both with double-necked guitars (SG and Rickenbacher). UFO made fun of them - furry slippers nailed to the stage, calling Geddy \\"Glee\\" (oh how ironic now). With \\"Hemispheres\\" they embraced long songs, recorded in Wales, experimenting. Determined to record La Villa Strangiata in one take. The song made a huge impression on Kirk Hammet, who called them the high priests of conceptual metal (a title, I suppose that Metallica now owns, having become a less rockin' band than Rush now is, a poor man's Rush of sorts). Various musicians explain that Rush was a musician's benchmark of sorts - if you could recreate Rush, you would be ready for anything. Jack Black explains meeting the band, first Alex and Geddy, then... the master, who is \\"eerily precise. If you went in with a computer, Neil Peart would be right on the beat to an atom.\\" The band played 200 concerts a year, and at one point 17 one-nighters in a row.<br /><br />Babies started to arrive, the band felt that they couldn't be selfish any more, and began recording bringing the family closer to the process. But they had their biggest successes in front of them. The band is very family-oriented - Alex married in his teens and had kids early, he introduced Geddy to his wife. Cool pic of Neil wearing an FM t-shirt. Permanent Waves was an important stepping stone, there would have been no Moving Pictures without Permanent Waves. Hemispheres was recorded in La Studio, a happy time with family. Concert audiences doubled with 2112, the band shifted from a theatre band at the start of the tour to doing stadium gigs at the end. Three nights at Maple Leaf Gardens. \\"Moving Pictures\\" made them what they are, Neil said that it was a mixed blessing, strange people came out of the woodwork. There's a scene of a fan approaching Alex and Geddy in a cafe that brought tears to my eyes, I was sniffing and near-blubbering - I started wondering what thoughts would come to my mind, what overflowing emotions would come unbottled, if I came across Alex and Geddy somehow, somewhere the way this waitress did when they wandered into her establishment (which, I think, is Pedro's, the spot where Panzer's Deli had once been, as shown in the outtakes section). And, oddly enough, I think that the last two times that I was overcome by emotion, Rush was involved (the R30 DVD, and also buying Alex Lifeson's \\"Limelight\\" instructional video). Neil struggles around fans, not comfortable. Fans are so different, hardcore fans of old, male, very intense. Billy Corgan recounts tale of playing \\"Entre Nous\\" to his mom, as a way to reach out to her. Jack Black: \\"They had honesty and integrity, which was in short supply.\\" Christopher Schreberger, fan (yes, they interviewed fans for this DVD too, but only a few), noted that \\"Subdivisions\\" really related to him... because he lived in a subdivision (ooohhh... aaaahhhh). Terry Date was the fourth member of Rush. Peter Colilns, a pop producer, was brought in for the next album, \\"Grace Under Pressure\\". Neil: \\"No protective nature of what Rush was.\\" Alex\\" \\"Hard to work with keyboards on Power windows.\\" Geddy: Hold Your Fire pushed them far away from Rush. Rupert Hine brought them back to power trio mode. Counterparts had more hair on it.  Neil worked with Freddie Gruber on jazz drumming for a Buddy Rich tribute that meant re-learning the motion of the hands and feet of drumming. Taps drums two ways. Neil turned grip around. Test For Echo. \\"Ghost Rider.\\" When Neil suffered a double tragedy, they were so worried about him, he disappeared on a road trip, friends and family formed a network to update each other as to when they'd hear from him. Alex lost interest in music as well even, for one year not picking up his instrument at all. Landscapes, highways and wildlife revived Peart. The band have 6,000 nicknames for each other, he sent lifelines signed as one or the other of these nicknames. Had to stop moving before he could think about doing it again. Slow process to get his chops back. Pure and truthful energy on Vapour Trails. Amazed at the Sao Paolo show, when 60,000 fans showed up. The band appeared on the Colbert Report, interviewed and supported by a new generation of entertainers as the real thing. \\"The people have generally, consistently voted for them.\\" Billy Corgan very intelligent comments. Geddy reading \\"The Sound And The Fury\\" on a flight (brave man - I couldn't get into it at all). \\"We had our own stream, and it wasn't the main one, but it wasn't too far away,\\" says Geddy Lee. Nonetheless, they actually have a devoted following, people turn their kids on to Rush. \\"There's a comfort to know that those same three guys are out there. It's also special to see three guys who can tolerate each other after all these years and make good music,\\" says Les Claypool. \\"They're on a righteous path,\\" Trent Reznor.<br /><br />The extras are also very good: Long scenes of reminiscing around the Fisherville Junior High School, running greaser gauntlet at the bus stop, built snow man on the front lawn, rode a bike because it was the only mode of transport. Riding around Toronto. First time back to The Coffin since their gig there. Gas station Geddy used to work at. Pantzer's now Anton's. Les Claypool first concert was Rush, Hemispheres tour, Pat Travers Band opened up, he was 14 years old. All of Hemispheres was recorded a semi-tone too high for Geddy's voice. Alex plays golf on days off. \\"Birds chirping, horses neighing, bones cracking. Golf is about tempo and rhythm and not trying too hard, not getting in the way of your swing, much like playing an instrument, just let your instinct take over and play.\\" Geddy collects art, baseballs - players and presidents. Neil - model car building, cycling, reading. Motorcycles. Practicing throwing stick up in the air. Rush Con 7 - Rush trekkies. Rush karaoke and Guitar Hero. Guy with Queens of the Stone Age t-shirt. \\"Kim Mitchell, Helix and Rush, nice camera, eh,\\" that must be the directors improvising. Alex doing ole honkin' blues in a backstage warm-up. \\"Working Man\\" with John Rutsey at a high school show doing the intros from behind the drum kit, great, except for Alex's music notes shirt. Groovy \\"La Villa Strangiata\\" cuts, off funky intro. Dedicated \\"Between The Sun And Moon\\" to John Entwistle, first time they ever played it, in 2002. Twelve minutes of dinner conversation with Rush. Geddy calls Alex \\"Lerx\\" in conversation. \\"I've got my notepad here.\\" Neil's drunken laugh. Alex playing a Telecaster, looking very David Gilmour. Commentary on Neil Peart's outrageous mustaches.<br /><br />I am happy that this movie exists, for people like me to remember what a great band this is, and to set the record straight. This is also an important movie for the masses, Rush fans and non-fans alike - people who are not Rush fans and are perplexed why their friends like Rush so much, for example, watch the movie and they finally get it.<br /><br />At the same time, however, I'm confused why this film was made. Here you've got guys who have everything - they have fame, they have fortune, they have friendship, they have a massive fan base, they have achieved anything a musician can achieve (except, maybe, admission into the Rock `n' Roll Hall Of Fame, whatever that means); they are private people; why do they need this? Did they agree to do this for the fans?  The fans know everything that there is to know about Rush anyway, much more than is in this movie. Were they somehow talked into going along with this? Is Rush Corporation at a stage in their development where they need to take it to the next level, finally, or it's never ever going to happen? Everyone's getting older, of course. Were they astounded by the success of the Anvil movie and wondered why they never thought of it earlier?  Some of the aspects of this film do have the appearances of contract publishing - the band has so much brutal honesty, and they seem like guys with very little to hide, that you can't suspect that the documentarians went easy on them, but it's still a perplexing piece of work in some ways. It's amazing, really.<br /><br />Finally, I'm further convinced at how important the song \\"Limelight\\" is to the band and its fans. It provides the lyrical reference to the DVD's title, the band is often quoting it (Neil notes the relevance of \\"I can't pretend a stranger is a long-awaited friend\\" at one point in the video). I am confirmed, also, in my belief that it is justified beyond just personally liking it for it to be my favorite Rush song.<br />The packaging is pretty good, with beautiful pics all across the outer case, a huge concert pic from the inside package, pics of the guys in their younger days, and a gorgeous full-colour 12-page booklet.an important stepping stone, there would have been no Moving Pictures without Permanent Waves. Hemispheres was recorded in La Studio, a happy time with family. Concert audiences doubled with 2112, the band shifted from a theatre band at the start of the tour to doing stadium gigs at the end. Three nights at Maple Leaf Gardens. \\"Moving Pictures\\" made them what they are, Neil said that it was a mixed blessing, strange people came out of the woodwork. There's a scene of a fan approaching Alex and Geddy in a cafe that brought tears to my eyes, I was sniffing and near-blubbering - I started wondering what thoughts would come to my mind, what overflowing emotions would come unbottled, if I came across Alex and Geddy somehow, somewhere the way this waitress did when they wandered into her establishment (which, I think, is Pedro's, the spot where Panzer's Deli had once been, as shown in the outtakes section). And, oddly enough, I think that the last two times that I was overcome by emotion, Rush was involved (the R30 DVD, and also buying Alex Lifeson's \\"Limelight\\" instructional video). Neil struggles around fans, not comfortable. Fans are so different, hardcore fans of old, male, very intense. Billy Corgan recounts tale of playing \\"Entre Nous\\" to his mom, as a way to reach out to her. Jack Black: \\"They had honesty and integrity, which was in short supply.\\" Christopher Schreberger, fan (yes, they interviewed fans for this DVD too, but only a few), noted that \\"Subdivisions\\" really related to him... because he lived in a subdivision (ooohhh... aaaahhhh). Terry Date was the fourth member of Rush. Peter Colilns, a pop producer, was brought in for the next album, \\"Grace Under Pressure\\". Neil: \\"No protective nature of what Rush was.\\" Alex\\" \\"Hard to work with keyboards on Power windows.\\" Geddy: Hold Your Fire pushed them far away from Rush. Rupert Hine brought them back to power trio mode. Counterparts had more hair on it.  Neil worked with Freddie Gruber on jazz drumming for a Buddy Rich tribute that meant re-learning the motion of the hands and feet of drumming. Taps drums two ways. Neil turned grip around. Test For Echo. \\"Ghost Rider.\\" When Neil suffered a double tragedy, they were so worried about him, he disappeared on a road trip, friends and family formed a network to update each other as to when they'd hear from him. Alex lost interest in music as well even, for one year not picking up his instrument at all. Landscapes, highways and wildlife revived Peart. The band have 6,000 nicknames for each other, he sent lifelines signed as one or the other of these nicknames. Had to stop moving before he could think about doing it again. Slow process to get his chops back. Pure and truthful energy on Vapour Trails. Amazed at the Sao Paolo show, when 60,000 fans showed up. The band appeared on the Colbert Report, interviewed and supported by a new generation of entertainers as the real thing. \\"The people have generally, consistently voted for them.\\" Billy Corgan very intelligent comments. Geddy reading \\"The Sound And The Fury\\" on a flight (brave man - I couldn't get into it at all). \\"We had our own stream, and it wasn't the main one, but it wasn't too far away,\\" says Geddy Lee. Nonetheless, they actually have a devoted following, people turn their kids on to Rush. \\"There's a comfort to know that those same three guys are out there. It's also special to see three guys who can tolerate each other after all these years and make good music,\\" says Les Claypool. \\"They're on a righteous path,\\" Trent Reznor.  The extras are also very good: Long scenes of reminiscing around the Fisherville Junior High School, running greaser gauntlet at the bus stop, built snow man on the front lawn, rode a bike because it was the only mode of transport. Riding around Toronto. First time back to The Coffin since their gig there. Gas station Geddy used to work at. Pantzer's now Anton's. Les Claypool first concert was Rush, Hemispheres tour, Pat Travers Band opened up, he was 14 years old. All of Hemispheres was recorded a semi-tone too high for Geddy's voice. Alex plays golf on days off. \\"Birds chirping, horses neighing, bones cracking. Golf is about tempo and rhythm and not trying too hard, not getting in the way of your swing, much like playing an instrument, just let your instinct take over and play.\\" Geddy collects art, baseballs - players and presidents. Neil - model car building, cycling, reading. Motorcycles. Practicing throwing stick up in the air. Rush Con 7 - Rush trekkies. Rush karaoke and Guitar Hero. Guy with Queens of the Stone Age t-shirt. \\"Kim Mitchell, Helix and Rush, nice camera, eh,\\" that must be the directors improvising. Alex doing ole honkin' blues in a backstage warm-up. \\"Working Man\\" with John Rutsey at a high school show doing the intros from behind the drum kit, great, except for Alex's music notes shirt. Groovy \\"La Villa Strangiata\\" cuts, off funky intro. Dedicated \\"Between The Sun And Moon\\" to John Entwistle, first time they ever played it, in 2002. Twelve minutes of dinner conversation with Rush. Geddy calls Alex \\"Lerx\\" in conversation. \\"I've got my notepad here.\\" Neil's drunken laugh. Alex playing a Telecaster, looking very David Gilmour. Commentary on Neil Peart's outrageous mustaches.  I am happy that this movie exists, for people like me to remember what a great band this is, and to set the record straight. This is also an important movie for the masses, Rush fans and non-fans alike - people who are not Rush fans and are perplexed why their friends like Rush so much, for example, watch the movie and they finally get it.  At the same time, however, I'm confused why this film was made. Here you've got guys who have everything - they have fame, they have fortune, they have friendship, they have a massive fan base, they have achieved anything a musician can achieve (except, maybe, admission into the Rock `n' Roll Hall Of Fame, whatever that means); they are private people; why do they need this? Did theyagree to do this for the fans?  The fans know everything that there is to know about Rush anyway, much more than is in this movie. Were they somehow talked into going along with this? Is Rush Corporation at a stage in their development where they need to take it to the next level, finally, or it's never ever going to happen? Everyone's getting older, of course. Were they astounded by the success of the Anvil movie and wondered why they never thought of it earlier?  Some of the aspects of this film do have the appearances of contract publishing - the band has so much brutal honesty, and they seem like guys with very little to hide, that you can't suspect that the documentarians went easy on them, but it's still a perplexing piece of work in some ways. It's amazing, really.  Finally, I'm further convinced at how important the song \\"Limelight\\" is to the band and its fans. It provides the lyrical reference to the DVD's title, the band is often quoting it (Neil notes the relevance of \\"I can't pretend a stranger is a long-awaited friend\\" at one point in the video). I am confirmed, also, in my belief that it is justified beyond just personally liking it for it to be my favorite Rush song.  The packaging is pretty good, with beautiful pics all across the outer case, a huge concert pic from the inside package, pics of the guys in their younger days, and a gorgeous full-colour 12-page booklet.
0060254920|1.0|11:06 AM<br />Django Hulphers wrote:<br />To be fair, it does speak to the plight of the Guatemalan coffee farmer peasantry in an age of increasing colonialism and diminishing resources. That being said, though, the central premise, while eloquently stated, is grossly undermined by the frailty (and ultimate solipsism) of its inherent tenets.<br /><br />Where The Wild Things Are should leave its childish and immature \\"darkness\\" behind and get with the program. Have we lost sight of normalcy? What's wrong with being a good American kid?!
B003W5C0VW|5.0|Super ugly Nazi Stones logo up front, there's darkness and some flashes, you slowly hear the Stones' voices, then they come out, you notice the side-stage shot  with Bill Wyman's bass cord across it, Mick's sparkle spots at the temples and the middle of the forehead, shirt knotted at belly (for some scenes - the show was recorded across four nights, so Mick \\"changed costume\\" repeatedly, there was no sense of costume continuity). Bobby Keys in full blow, Keith with shawl in Brown Sugar, fast cuting on band but the camera really lingers on the dynamic Mick Jagger. \\"Gimme Shelter\\" is flatish, Mick Taylor wailing eventually. Where's Merry Clayton? \\"Broken Fowers\\" is Mick and Keith at the same mic, Keith with dyed patches in his hair. Great Mick Taylor solo. Call from the audience to play \\"Sweet Virginia\\" (they would comply later in the evening). They play \\"Happy\\", it gets huge applause. Why? Audience loves songs from the critically unpopular new release, \\"Exile on Main Street\\", or would they simply have been anxious for something new? \\"Sorry you didnt' get to see Stevie Wonder, they must've overslept.\\" Tumblin' Dice' sounds empty without the background singers. Mick whispering, \\"We're gonna do a little tune up, can you hear us in the back?\\" Mick's right wrist, nice bracelet. Love In Vain, Mick Taylor's great slide guitars. Dumb cameraman angle with Bill's cable stretched across it is all wrong. Mick Taylor's stunning solo. \\"We're gonna play a little acoustic guitar. Why aren't you in church anyway? \\"Sweet Virginia\\" has two acoustic guitars with Mick on harmonica. Calls out Bobby Keys, fixes mic for him. Keith's vocals, \\"You Can't Always Get What You Want\\" showing Keith riffing. Funky, big Down The Line, sounds simplistic and bombastic. Mick Taylor's slide.  Bill Wyman statuesque, song gains bluster, Mick goin' nuts. Swigs Jack Daniels (or is it tea?). Nice Mick harmonica work. Mick's jumpsuit pajamas with red sash, Mick howling onstage. All in moody/creepy red lights. Charlie's good tonight. Over 10 minutes. \\"Bye Bye Johnny\\", Chuck Berry song. Very good funk/punk blues. Mick does onstage yoga, doing the upside down thing, then the crossed-legs thing. \\"Jumping Jack Flash\\" and good shots of Keith playing towards Charlie. Keith really cuts loose on last two classic tracks, \\"Jumping Jack Flash\\" and \\"Street Fighting Man\\". Mick throws rose petals into audience and onto Charlie, who's wearing a nutty rhumba shirt (hey, that's nothing - check out Mick's satin jumpsuits). There's a rain of sparks and the crowd cheers. Indian rose petal blessing, playing Cat Stevens on PA after, no encore. Thanked John and Yoko and Cat Stevens and the Who in the credits.<br /><br />In the bonus material, you get to see a cool \\"Hip Shake\\", with Keith singing along (as he often does), with him playing lead guitar. \\"Tumbin' Dice\\", no Keith backups, though. Bottle of Jack available, plus shot glasses, on full display. Keith and Charlie jam. \\"Bluesberry Jam\\" is Mick-less. There's an interview with Mick on the Old Grey Whistle Test where he talks about the loose recording process, praises the collaborative process John and Paul had writing as a band (ironic?). No place in the UK has the energy that Madison Square Gardens has, although it is a good place to base yourself in - better than France. Mark Bolan is good, better even when he plays acoustic (is this a backhanded compliment?). Mick mentions maybe doing things outside of the Stones. Charlie's rhumba shirt is from Western Costumes in LA, the band raided it for costumes and satin, anything. Mick goes on to talk about clothes, gold belts, and the beginning of glam. \\"Bye Bye Johnny\\" was super-fast, mad tempo, buildup to end, leads up to \\"Rip This Joint.\\" \\"Rocks Off\\" was in the set, but not in movie, Mick and guitar were both off tune. Shot for cinema, not TV or home viewing. Film styles different, static process, people wanter and out of frame, no attempt at clothing continuity either.<br /><br />The packagingis okay, with a 36 x 36 fold-out that has band pics on one side, and a poster of a stage shot on the other side. Through the transparent DVD case you also see a pic of the band onstage.x 36 fold-out that has band pics on one side, and a poster of a stage shot on the other side. Through the transparent DVD case you also see a pic of the band onstage.
0061452068|5.0|As an often contrarian, I find this book to offer a powerful challenge to some of my biases to execessive hedging. The book shows why trade, trust, diversity and prosperity go together. Just as wall street markets inevitably suffer herd mentality, bubbles and harsh cycles, the main street trade of goods and immediately consumable services is relentlessly/inevitably positive. If we use the last 80,000 years as a guide, the world's children 50 years from now will have more properous lives in a more prosperous world.
0385534639|3.0|The book, conceptually, was great. The characters were endearing and the storyline started out strong.  About halfway through the 3rd quarter was where i started to get the feeling that the storyline was floundering a little, and it felt like the author couldn't, or wasn't, sure about the direction it was taking. It's subtle, but you notice the change in writing style.    The 4th quarter of the book confirmed this for me. The story starts to feel condensed... as if she had more of a story to write, but couldnt quite verbalize it, or could not fit all the pieces in place.  She does manage to tie things up for the most part. But those loose ends didn't feel like they were tied up in a nice ribbon ... bit more like a hurried granny knot.  I think a lot of this can be explained by remembering that this is a first attempt at a serious novel.   There are not many fledgling authors out there that can bring a story full circle in a first book, so I look forward to future writings, when the author has a bit more prose under her belt.
B005PMNBPY|4.0|Jane's Addiction's fans want to so much hold onto anything done between 1987-1991.  I, too, have been guilty of jumping the gun to quickly criticize this record.  After hearing it a few times, I feel much different.  There are some standouts such as \\"Twisted Tales,\\" and \\"Splash a Little Water On It.\\"  SOLID effort by Jane's.
B000PFUAO6|4.0|Epic Dream Theater.  Amazing rhythmic synchronization. Guitar licks that will blow your mind and inspire you to practice harder.  John Petrucci continues to raise the bar on all of us.
B003L1ZXCU|1.0|I will cut this book some slack because it is a first novel. This reads like a childish fantasy of a video gamer. It needs a good edit since its self-published roots are very obvious. I am a computer professional, and was disappointed in the use of technology in the story. While the technology was mostly correct, it is out-dated and superfluous.  It reads like a transcript of the video game or a movie. There was too much violence and degradation of women.  Even the \\"strong woman\\" character needed rescuing in the end.  I am not sure I got the point of the story.  The author should have spent less time describing the action and more on the main idea, that our lives are becoming too dependent on technology. I recommend Walter Jon Williams' \\"This is Not a Game\\" instead.
B000002JPA|4.0|Dream Theaters break through second album. First album featuring James LaBrie.  I am glad that they stopped dressing like fairies.  That first couple of albums I had great musical respect but had a hard time taking them as people serious. I have learned other wise and the members have grown up with the rest of us.  I have only grown in musical respect for the band.  Their thoughts have become more and more mature.  I especially like the most recent album \\"A Dramatic Turn of Events\\" I love Mike Portonys drumming but I think he has a lot of issues. With those issues out of the way Dream Theater is free to grow even more.
1609611543|5.0|I got the book from the libary now I need to buy my own copy I love this book because it is not a fad diet to lose weight quick, can happen tho, but to help my skin and to stop the need to always be eating, Im on day 7 and noticed right away (day 2) that i wasnt hungry all the time and could go many hours without food I sleep better the whole night and havnt had pains in my joint like i used to no more 2 pm naps really amazed me! The history of wheat was really interesting and what it can do to mental health, Doctors appt today asking if I can lower my antidepression pills,... maybe end them?  Deffently read this book even just to understan a lot more ablout what wheat can do to you and what the lack of it can do for you!
B005974CDU|5.0|I love this album.  I feel the musical ideas and the flow of the songs make for an out standing experience.  Each song has a certain maturity and freshness at the same time.  I here new ideas but also drawing on their influences.  I here Yes, Rush, Metallica, Djent, Classical Piano...which I love... Pink Floyd.  Very progressive art but also musicality and rhythmically entertaining.  The lyrics and concepts are thought provoking even convicting bordering on prophetic, extremely intelligent.
B005LY3VRO|5.0|So, I believe we all know Britney is coming back with yet another new single \\"Criminal\\". This release was actually really smart of Britney & her label because it's a good way of promoting the new single. They also put a new version of \\"Criminal\\" instead of the \\"Femme Fatale\\" album version. The remixes have ALL been heard before, but this is a pretty good album in fact, it was actually a huge surprise to Britney fans! 10/10 for me!
0890090572|5.0|This particular book has been one of the most amazing books I have ever read! Thanks a lot Amamzon! Cheers! :)
B004HW7JMO|5.0|**WARNING:EXTREME VIOLENCE AND GRAPHIC SEX**<br /><br />Before there could be a Season Two of SPARTACUS:BLOOD AND SAND, the marvelous actor Andy Whitfield succumbed to cancer - a loss to acting as well as his family. The producers, therefore, concentrated on a prequel, before Spartacus' arrival at the ludus of Quintus Battiatus, and have provided the fans of the first season with a solid backstory of some of the inhabitants of Capua and the gladiatorial school at its edge.<br /><br />Battiatus is a young scion of a lesser noble family eager to climb the ranks, but held back by his hopelessly outdated - and straightlaced - father. Battiatus the Elder, for the first part of the series, has been off to the coast regaining his health, and Quintus (with his wife Lucretia, played to decadent perfection by Lucy Lawless), has been enjoying a run at being master of his own domain. I have no doubt that at least some of what goes on here was probably pretty close to the mark - Rome was a notably vice-filled civilization, after all - but there is a gratuitous amount of violence, blood, and completely over-the-top sexuality encompassed within this (relatively short) 6-episode series. There is a satisfying filling-out of personal histories, however; the young Gaul, Crixus, who in Season One was a real scenery-chewer, is shown arriving at and being schooled in the life of a gladiator; Animaius, who in Season One was the 'dottore' or schoolmaster, of the gladiators, is, in this prequel, just returning from serious injury and hopeful to rejoin the Brotherhood; and the weaselly future secretary to Quintus, the slave known as Asher, portrays how he became the pariah of the school.<br /><br />Adding to all this is Quintus' continuing battle of wits with a supercilious - and more powerful - local Capuan, and enough decadent sexual shenanigans to keep the most bored viewer entertained. This much complete degradation is usually not something I would watch with any dedication, but the level of acting - and I do appreciate historical drama also - as well as the extremely well-written storylines - kept me involved throughout. I won't deny I covered my eyes during some of the more gruesome scenes, but first-rate performances from everyone involved and clearly well-researched authenticity in costuming and language made this a worthy follow-up to Season One. Recommended.ciate historical drama also - as well as the extremely well-written storylines - kept me involved throughout. I won't deny I covered my eyes during some of the more gruesome scenes, but first-rate performances from everyone involved and clearly well-researched authenticity in costuming and language made this a worthy follow-up to Season One. Recommended.
B001IYCMNA|5.0|After struggling for years with the poor quality, poor performance, poor life, limited configurability of typical cheap consumer WAPs I decided to try something more robust.  I'm using this in a large residence surrounded by several other homes also radiating wireless signals.  The other WAP in the home is from the FIOS router upstairs.  I've decided to let it choose optimum channel since the neighbors around me are constantly changing their channels and I'm happy to let it keep track of all this noise, tho I'd like to keep the FIOS channel different so need to keep track of it.  While this box is overkill feature-wise for my application it's a pleasure to setup and monitor.  The performance is clearly better (connection speed, signal strength & transmit speed) and I don't have to constantly reboot it as previous products.  It runs cool, it's dependable, it's fast, and I'm now N-ready.  I haven't needed to call support so I'm not grading that.
B003H9M1Q2|5.0|I bought this classic movie to add to my 3 year old son's growing Disney movie collection.  He loves it and so do his mom & dad!
B005LJK3AC|1.0|There's a very good reason the first name in the title is Horrible. This movie blows fat donkey, but I'll agree Anniston's limited scenes are yummy. I dont know how much the budget was but this film felt like a very low budget B movie to me. Do yourself a favor and pass
B004QZ9PLU|5.0|This book was awesome!!  I've always enjoyed reading Nicholas Sparks' books and this one was one of his best.  At first it reminded me a little of \\"The Notebook\\"  but then once I got farther into the book it didn't resemble it as much.  Once I picked this book up I didn't want to put it back down.  If you enjoy romance novels this book is a must have.  Loved it, and I hope they make a movie from this one like they have from his past ones.
B004EPZ08E|1.0|I wish I could get back the hour & half I wasted watching this dog. Trust me, you want to pass. It blows
B004EPYZQC|1.0|i haven't seen this movie  but i guarantee it doesn't deserve  a 4 and a half rating so just on that i give it 1 out of 5
B00000099Y|5.0|I wish I could just put a period here but there is a 20 word limit.  Tool was the band that got me into rock.  It helped me break the societal standards around me that had me listening to crappy hip-hop like puff daddy  busta rhymes b.s.  Therefore, tool changed my life.    p.s.- there's great f'ing hip hop, tool just helped me learn to do what I want to do and not what others want me to do.  tool you da greateeeest
B0053TMP24|5.0|i must say, rick riordan has outdone himself. he comes back to the lost hero and picks up on percy jackson... with no memory whatsoever. poor perce. anyway, we find that each&#34;hero&#34; has some secrets. during the quest, these are found out, along with many other small adventures in adventures  ex. catching ella the harpy, helping the amazons ). along with his sense of humor and clever plot lines, riordan clearly nails it. i have heard that there was a problem with spelling and such, but i have no issue, probably because i bough it later. anyway, this is a great sequel, worthy of the lost hero. and way to go riordan.
B005JU5JTI|4.0|I was going to give it 5 stars half way through the movie but it seems to not keep the momentum throughout the remainder. I definitely laughed. Thought the movie was entertaining. And i thought \\"squirrel\\" was super cute. Cameron did a wonderful job. I do think they could have had a couple rewrites because the film is basically about a breast enlargement to get a guy. But not considering the plot I thought it was 4 stars!
0756686970|5.0|This book has been an instant hit in our house!  My 4 and 5 year old boys love Legos and Star Wars, and we have read this book every night for the past 2 weeks.  My only problem is that they keep wishing that that could find some of the more rare figures included in the book in stores to buy with birthday money! The pictures are great, showing some of the different variants for each figure, and I also like how the book is set up in order of appearance from Episode 1 through The Clone Wars and Expanded Universe.  The minifigure is also great!
142311339X|5.0|my 12 yr old son is not a big reader and he loved this book and ordered the 2nd book and can't put it down.
B005C5A6C0|5.0|You haven't listened to this album. Poppy choruses? Are you delusional? 8 minute songs are not poppy. This album kills. Def. not The Blackening II but a great follow up. Machine Head own the metal scene right now with their past three albums. Def pick this up because it does not disappoint!
B005DKLPQ0|4.0|I'm clearly hearing something different than some of the other reviewers here--while these remastered editions of the band's studio, compilation and live albums are hardly brickwalled they are louder than the previous CD editions. For example \\"How Soon Is Now?\\" from \\"Hatful\\" here when compared to the original U.S. CD sounds like the drums and bass have been goosed by comparison. Is closer to how the original mastertapes sound? I don't know but it was a bit startling at first. By comparison there were other tracks on \\"Hatful\\" that were quieter and weren't mastered quite as hot as \\"How Soon Is Now\\".<br /><br />There are a handful of one-off tracks that didn't make the set and it might have been nice to include these on a bonus disc (hence the \\"mostly complete\\" in my subtitle of the review).<br /><br />Over all the mastering here is a bit brighter than I had hoped as well but the trade off is that the clarity on these remasters are greater improved and they don't sound as dull as some of the original CD pressings by comparison. You loose something in the process of a more compressed remaster-- the dynamic range isn't as wide here--all you have to do is compare the goosed bass and drums on \\"How Soon Is Now\\" or any other track on the album against the original CD or the original vinyl to realize this. If that's not going to bother you, THIS is the version for you.<br /><br />The packaging as others have mentioned is nice--the CD's look like replicas of the original vinyl labels (adapted, of course for CD), the \\"mini-LP\\" packaging is pretty darn close to what I've seen for the original vinyl pressings from the UK of these releases.<br /><br />The boxed set also has a eight page booklet with notes about the band and info about the individual albums.<br /><br />For the price this is a good way to collect the bulk of the band's material all in one stop. The mastering although not perfect is good but hardly audiophile quality. The advantage of having the original mastertapes to work from is also evident in listening to these as there's better clarity.e as there's better clarity.
B001TKD4ZI|4.0|This book was kind of a random buy for the kindle app I just downloaded. I like the vampire and super natural side of reading and this one wasn't bad. I normally don't like third person books but Kerrelyn Sparks managed to keep it entertaining and still be about love. It reminded me alot of the way J.R. Ward does his books. The books are about the same group of people and its all about everyone finding their true love but as where this book was mainly about Roman and Shana, the next one is about Austin and Darcy. A little frustrating since after the first book I wanted to here more about the first couple and the trials and instead got kicked into a new love affair. Still overall a good book. A semi-unique out look on vampires and what is false and what is true out of all the vampire myths out there.
B005QPMB2Y|5.0|My initial review was 1 start as on my Nook Color sound capturing didn't not work. Not sure if that is the app fault or just the state of my hacked Nook. Now that I have tried the app on my new phone it works great, can't complain.
B005EY2XFC|5.0|One of my favorite 90's movies got a very good transfer to Blu-ray.  Some of the backgrounds or distant shots are a little grainy but that might be a good thing for a \\"dark\\" film like this.  Close ups and action scenes are very clear.  I probably have not seen The Crow in 8 or more years and forgot some of the parts, so it was enjoyable seeing it again, especially on Blu-ray and Hi-def TV.  Sound was very good too - played it thru the stereo speakers.  If you are into 90's \\"grunge\\" type music, check out the soundtrack.  I've had that on CD since it was first released and has a great assortment.
B00516ZWRE|5.0|If you enjoyed Saxon's top albums from the 80's or appreciate what they brought out this decade you'll certainly enjoy Call to Arms.  It's and old-school, upfront hard rock album. Don't miss out on this one!
B004EPZ08E|1.0|If you are buying this to get the digital copy DONT!!!!!!!!!!! This is not a true digital copy, wont let you download it without signing up for Flixster. Then you can't even put it on a mobile device but rather have to use there crappy web app. Even if you donwload it to your computer you can't view it with out their app....So whats the point its not a true digital copy I can't use it without the internet or your app. I will never again be tricked into getting an Ultraviolet product again.
B001AQO3QA|5.0|I love the alien movies.Waited for the blu ray and jumped at it when it was released.But the packaging or the keepcase or whatever you call it is really dumb.Sure to scratch the disc whenever you take it out or put it back in.What were they thinking?
B004EPZ07U|4.0|This is a fun comic book movie.  Don't expect Oscar winning acting or anything like that. . . plot is predictable but that is what you expect in this type of movie.  The good guys win and the bad guy dies.  Enjoy it for what it is.  All the actors do a good job in their roles.  It is a little scary and the language is a little too strong for my young boys but in another year or two, they should really enjoy it. That being said, my boys are pretty sheltered so use your own judgement when determining whether it is appropriate for your kids.
B004WE01YA|3.0|My ratings are based mainly on the QUALITY OF THE 3D, not the video content.<br /><br />There are about 45 out of screen effects that extend about 10% of the way, from the screen to the viewer and another 17 around 25%. Most are short duration with the exception of rain drops/streaks falling up to 25% for an extended period. Almost no flaws in the 3D made it pleasant to watch, BUT...<br /><br />THE BIG BUT:  Simplistic shading of most objects and characters, create an effect, where even though the scenes have a 3D layering, individual objects usually look like flat cardboard cutouts standing at different depths.<br /><br />Children should dismiss the flat objects in a depth-field and love this film but adult viewers have come to expect more from 3D.<br /><br />MY 3D RATING = GOOD (poor, fair, good, very good, excellent)<br /><br />Note: As far as the percentages go, everyone's eyes are different. What I see at 25% you may see at 15% or 35%. To fully realize how far something is out of the screen for you, pause on an effect and direct a partner with an extended finger to the tip of what you are seeing. You may be surprised.<br /><br />Click on `See all my reviews' for the lowdown on other 3Ds
B0052UZIFA|1.0|very disappointing!  plants versus zombies is a fun game on the computer and the iphone, but the version for the android is terrible.  The displays are sluggish and fuzzy looking.  a huge disappointment for the top dollar that they're asking for this app.
B005GVA2L0|4.0|This is a solid album following their five year hiatus.  The music is full and lush EV-style, with a bit of a different sound but still EV.  I like the diversity in the sound of each song.  It may or may not end up being my favorite EV album, but it certainly was worth the wait.  Piano, guitar, bass, drums, harp and strings are AWESOME on this album, as well!
B004SB60OC|5.0|This is a wonderful CD.  So very glad I ordered it.  Also love ordering through Amazon.  Everything comes so quickly.  It's great!!!
B001AQO3XS|2.0|Like a walking, talking cliche, this is a quintessentially bad '80s blockbuster; loaded with lousy dialog, telegraphed twists and cheesy, overproduced fight sequences, it's a nonstop parade of nimiety. That's not to say it's without allure - in fact, the terribly dated references to the era's pop culture and filmmaking techniques are half the fun of sitting down with it today. The world was a completely different place thirty years ago, and though we're doing so through a set of decidedly rose-tinted goggles, it's fun to look back on it in this way. Plus, buried beneath the film's sillier superficial aspects is a startlingly bright, thoughtful basic plot line dealing with love, loss and the kind of cold, calm emotional distance that any combination of the two will inevitable produce. A pity those deeper, more interesting developments don't enjoy half the investigation they probably deserve, but perhaps that's why the film fueled so many sequels. Sean Connery shines like a beacon amidst an otherwise-sleepwalking cast, which never recovers from his character's jolting premature exit.
0061341029|5.0|great great audio book \\"good to great and the social sectors\\" good product lightening fast shipping ordered on a sat. received on a mon. this is gonna end being a lot of repeat business i am impressed to say the least!
B0052VUNHC|5.0|I've read hundreds if not thousands of books... I can firmly say that this is one of my all time favorites! I absolutely loved it! Enthralling characters, unique plot, hilarious, lough out loud moments, cry your eyes out moments... I could go on and on. I've never felt this much emotion while reading a book. Any book. Crying, laughing, cringing, cheering... Amazing book!
B004EPZ07U|1.0|Wow... WB has issues. They are getting so much backlash with their choice of \\"digital copy not compatible with iTunes\\". BIG MISTAKE WB. I want my money back. This is ridiculous.<br /><br />***UPDATE***<br />I emailed WB about this, as it being on of the first Ultraviolet movies out there, and they sent me an iTunes code to download the movie through Apple.<br />Ultraviolet is hard to use, and they have the worst customer support.
1441869980|4.0|Atticus O'Sullivan is an ancient shapeshifting druid. For a couple thousand years he's been hiding from Aenghus &Oacute;g, the god who used to own the famous sword Fragarach until Atticus relieved him of it on an ancient battlefield. Now Aenghus has some plans to advance himself among the Tuatha D&eacute; Danann and he wants his sword back.<br /><br />Atticus is now a 21-year-old (it seems) bookshop owner in Tempe, Arizona, near Arizona State University. He sells occult paraphernalia and brews special herbal teas (such as Mobili-Tea and Humili-Tea) for his customers. He's got a nosey neighbor across the street and a nice Irish widow a few houses down (well, she's nice as long as you're not English!). He also has a blood-sucking lawyer. Literally. That's because the Tempe area attracts lots of paranormals. Some of them are helpful to Atticus, but others are definitely not.<br /><br />I don't read a lot of paranormal urban fantasy, just because so much of it features snarky women with chips on their shoulders and the sarcastic humor usually doesn't appeal to me. I've found that I'm more likely to enjoy paranormal works which have male leads, so that's why I gave Hounded a try.<br /><br />Atticus O'Sullivan is an excellent male lead -- he's strong but sensitive. He mows the widow's lawn and cares for his employees, but he kicks ass when he needs to. Kevin Hearne nearly crosses the border into too-good-to-be-true, but he just manages not to step over that line. Hearne's other characters are terrific, too. I laughed at the vampire lawyer who drives a hot sports car and wears expensive suits, but can't manage to update his language. I also appreciated that Hearne shows us that as much as we like to say we hate lawyers, they can be really useful sometimes!<br /><br />My favorite character, though, was Atticus's dog Oberon who can mind-speak with Atticus. Oberon is the comedic sidekick, providing most of the humor. Only Atticus can hear him, so his comments are often inserted amongst dialogue that Atticus is having with other characters, and this is very funny. Since Oberon watches lots of movies, many of his interruptions are quotes from movies or reminders to Atticus of how what's happening now is similar to a movie scene. This is especially endearing to SF fans because Oberon loves Star Wars and Star Trek. Oberon always seems to have a current obsession, too. In Hounded, he wants to be Genghis Khan and keeps questioning Atticus about Genghis Khan's habits, such as did he take his coffee black? (Fortunately, Oberon's Liberace phase happened before the events of Hounded.)<br /><br />Oberon is especially effective in the audio version I listened to, narrated by Luke Daniels. This is partly because there are rarely any dialog tags for Oberon (his interruptions are set apart by &lt;> in the text) and partly because Mr. Daniels makes Oberon actually sound like a big dog. So, when the book is read aloud, the lack of \\"Oberon said\\" really makes it sound like Oberon is making comments in the background.<br /><br />Besides the characters, I loved the mix of the modern with ancient mythologies in Hounded. Kevin Hearne's contemporary setting near ASU is completely convincing (someday I've got to stop for fish and chips at R&uacute;la B&uacute;la), but so are the ancient and mythological aspects of the novel.<br /><br />Hounded was a great read -- a wonderful hero with the perfect sidekick, colorful secondary characters, and just the right sense of humor. I'll be immediately starting the next novel in the Iron Druid Chronicles, Hexed.r characters, and this is very funny. Since Oberon watches lots of movies, many of his interruptions are quotes from movies or reminders to Atticus of how what's happening now is similar to a movie scene. This is especially endearing to SF fans because Oberon loves Star Wars and Star Trek. Oberon always seems to have a current obsession, too. In Hounded, he wants to be Genghis Khan and keeps questioning Atticus about Genghis Khan's habits, such as did he take his coffee black? (Fortunately, Oberon's Liberace phase happened before the events of Hounded.)  Oberon is especially effective in the audio version I listened to, narrated by Luke Daniels. This is partly because there are rarely any dialog tags for Oberon (his interruptions are set apart by <> in the text) and partly because Mr. Daniels makes Oberon actually sound like a big dog. So, when the book is read aloud, the lack of \\"Oberon said\\" really makes it sound like Oberon is making comments in the background.  Besides the characters, I loved the mix of the modern with ancient mythologies in Hounded. Kevin Hearne's contemporary setting near ASU is completely convincing (someday I've got to stop for fish and chips at Rúla Búla), but so are the ancient and mythological aspects of the novel.  Hounded was a great read -- a wonderful hero with the perfect sidekick, colorful secondary characters, and just the right sense of humor. I'll be immediately starting the next novel in the Iron Druid Chronicles, Hexed.
B003KVNV4S|4.0|I have listened to \\"High Violet\\" a hundred times from beginning to end. There is certainly an eclectic and diverse range of music on this album...but as I have learned, that's true for previous albums \\"Boxer\\" and \\"Alligator\\" as well. So, first off... if you are only comfortable with albums that sound the same from beginning to end, you won't like \\"High Violet\\". I was unfamiliar with this band's style so I had to be patient. I was immediately grabbed by the obvious winners \\"Bloodbuzz Ohio\\", \\"Anyone's Ghost\\", and \\"Lemonworld\\". But while waiting for those tracks to come around I gained appreciation for the other less obvious winners \\"Sorrow\\", \\"Terrible Love\\", and \\"Conversation 16\\". Overall... very solid from beginning to end but not for your average pop fan... This album is deep with brief dark moments spiked with humility, and a challenge to follow at times... but that's how I like my music. I'll buy their next album as I have purchased their previous, yep - I am a fan!
B001UV4XUG|5.0|Any guy who has ever been interested in a girl, dated a girl, dumped by a girl HAS to see this. You'll be able to relate on so many levels it will blow your mind.
B0000041Z5|4.0|In this otherwise fine set of Brahms symphonies, bottom heavy as I believe Brahms is supposed to be, I think Solti wimps out in the closing measures of the first movement of the Fourth Symphony.  This is supposed to be a rare instance of Brahms peeling paint off the walls, and the final cadence and preceding tympani roll should be cataclysmic in its intensity.  It's as if the tympani and the rest of the orchestra follows suit and apologizes for being written too loud and then just back off.  Kind of spoils the effect with all the noise and busyness going on in that movement.  Otherwise, this is a great set.  The best overall Brahms I think I've heard so far.
B000056N8X|1.0|Didn't get my movie at all, and since I was moving around and it was so cheap, I just let it be, but yeah wasn't happy at all, cause I love the movies and the show...
B005F6NA56|5.0|This is one of the most beautiful albums I have ever heard. Her voice is so strong and beautiful. She is truly a gifted person. That said, this is not a mainstream album. It is hard to imagine any single playing in the radio outside if maybe \\"Bittersweet Melodies\\". This is an ethereal, mesmerizing, reflective album. You have to be in the mode for it, but once you are, get ready for breathtaking vocals.  Highlights for me include \\"The Bad in Each Other\\", \\"Anti-Pioneer\\", \\"Caught A Long Wind\\", and \\"Bittersweet Melodies.\\" As I am writing this \\"Cicadas and Gulls\\" is on and it is hard not to Include it as well. The album just flows very well! If you are just a fan for songs like \\"1,2,3,4\\" then this may not be the album for you, but if you loved \\"The Water\\" as much as I did, you'll love METALS.
B004TTZHBK|1.0|I tried installing this first on my Iconic tablet. Wouldn't load. Uninstalled. Reinstalled.  Nothing again. Tried installing on my Droid X. Couldn't get it to work on that. Videos would never load. Ingredients were missing...blah, blah, blah. Would have been nice if worked.
0385738773|5.0|May contain some spoilers about the previous two books:         The Time For Lies Is Over. These bold words are splashed across the back of The Death Cure, James Dashner's thrilling conclusion to The Maze Runner Trilogy. Almost as exciting as the promise on the back of The Scorch Trials, which boasted the words The Maze Was Only The Beginning, the instant I saw these words I couldn't wait to get started. And yet, for some reason, I had trouble concentrating and getting into it.    I couldn't figure out why I had so much trouble starting until I was about 100 pages from the end. The Maze Runner starts out frustrating and slow before reaching a fever pitch of intensity that requires you do not put it down. It ends with a promise that much more lies in store. The Scorch Trials picks up instantly that same fever pitch which propels the reader through the book as quickly as it propels the group of young boys through the Scorch. Again, the ending leave you thirsting for more. And then The Death Cure starts. Somewhat slowly. There is no insane rush to the truth as there has been for the last book and a half. It is good, don't get me wrong, but I was still, almost a year later, completely hopped up on the ending of The Scorch Trials. I was expecting the intensity and fever pitch which had grabbed my mind since The Maze Runner. It comes, trust me, does it ever come. You will be dragged back into that insanity at a point about midway through. There is life and there is death, as there always will be when a series ends. You will be saddened by the loss and hopefully gladdened by what is promised at the end.   And trust me, the time for lies IS over.    And there are lies left to unveil.
B004RKXHZY|5.0|Just how lovely a story this is! This is such a wonderful story (much like it's predecessor Anna and the French Kiss.) You fall in love with Lola and her delightfully quirky individuality and are on the edge of your seat (or at least I was!) waiting for her and Cricket to kiss! If you are looking for a great read about first love and friendship, this is definitely the one for you! :)
B004EPZ07U|2.0|Really NOT liking this UltraViolet Digital Copy thing. It downloaded so that I can only view it on my PC with Adobde Air. Can't get it onto any iPad or iPhone or iAnything !
1936719010|2.0|I bought this book based on my enjoyment of Pressfield's other books and proffesional reviews.  I found it to be 2 pages worth of content stretched over 98 pages.  I agree with another reviewers comment to skip the book and just do the work.
B003L77GGK|5.0|I received my first set of dvds but I had problems with one of the disks making a buzzing sound.  Amazon replaced quickly, and this set works perfectly.<br /><br />I loved season 5 (especially Swan Song), and Season 6 doesn't quite measure up.  But I still love Supernatural and hope to see it continue for quite some time.  So far, I have not tired of watching the great acting and storylines of this series.
B004J4WKTW|5.0|After the lackluster review in the NY Times, I had to write and say that I loved this book. The language is beautiful, full and lush- a constant delight. Any faults aside, the pure joy I got just from reading her words on every page makes this a novel worth re-reading.
B0058WFO06|5.0|Steven Wilson (known from bands such as Porcupine Tree, No-Man and Blackfield) states that this is his biggest project to date. But does time and passion necesarilly end up in a successful album? In Wilson's case; yes.   In my opinion, Wilson's music has, from the start, grown from good to better - and with this album, best through the years all the way back from the start with Karma and Altamont. I honestly think this is Wilson's best work to date.   If you're new to SW I must admit that this ain't the easiest diggestible album he's made, but with time and if you can afford good sound, you will start wondering how your music collection could do without it.  Spending the last year and a half in the studio, Wilson has made stunning results in the form of an album, which actually consist of two albums: \\"Deform To Form A Star\\" and \\"Like Dust I Have Cleared From My Eye\\".   Both albums take the listener on a journey through stunning soundscapes, haunting atmospheres and Wilson's different styles through the years. When the journey is over, the album hopefully has found its way to your heart and your collection.  An elementary addition to any musical collection.
0307593525|5.0|After watching Julie and Julia, we decided to buy the cook book set that was the subject in this movie.  They are beautiful, we haven't been able to use them yet, but they seem \\"user-friendly\\".
B003L77GGK|4.0|What a fun series -- well shot, occasionally really scary and suspenseful, and funny, too.  And beefcake for the ladies.
B004QZ9PLU|2.0|I was so dissapointed in \\"The Best of Me\\" it seems he put peices of all his other books together and passed it off as a new story. All of the book was to predictable, and the ending was so unrealistic, I wanted to scream I want my money back. What happened to his original work?
B003SI3NYG|3.0|Note: I saw this movie with XFinity On Demand.<br /><br />This movie from the director of The Age Of Innocence is mildly interesting at best, because of the main premise and the three lead actors: Leonardo DiCaprio, Academy Award winner Daniel Day-Lewis and Cameron Diaz. My main problem with this film is that DiCaprio's Irish accent comes and goes. One second, he's sounding like an Irishman and the next, he's sounding like a true American (that's how he ounds during the bits where he's doing the voice-over narration). Cameron Diaz fluctuates between an American and an Irish accent. The only actors who remained consistent with the accents are: Daniel Day-Lewis, Jim Broadbent, Brendan Gleeson, John C. O'Reilly and an uncredited Liam Neeson. I don't know any of the history that's covered in the film beyond what I remember from American History in high school, which is very little. I do, however, know a lot about the pilgrims who came to this country from England and Holland on the Mayflower in 1620, the Revolutionary War, the Declaration Of Independence and the Constitution of this hitherto God-blessed country (and still in the process of learning more about it). Worth a one-time viewing only, but Daniel Day-Lewis' performance is nothing less than the best of an incredible actor who goes to great lengths to prepare for a role. SPOILER ALERT!! The finale, in which Amsterdam faces off against Bill The Butcher, is a bit of a downer, as I fully expected a massive and epic fight to the death between these two mortal enemies. SPOILER ALERT OVER!!! Rated R.
B005IS56CG|5.0|This CD may have some of my new favorite songs on it. I would almost buy it a second time just to have 2 copies of it.
158270208X|5.0|I use my gratitude book every day and I can say it is remarkable what can come to be in your life when you are grateful for all you have.  Thank you for the wonderful book.
B004XJRQUQ|5.0|I loved these books. They quickly became my guilty pleasure as I could not put them down. This is well worth the money. You will not be disappointed, the reviews are true!
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Easy to install and cool to watch videos from my computer on my phone!  And very cheap for doing all this!
B001TAJGO6|5.0|This Movie is Amazing.  I don't know if anyone understood the ending, how they keep running on the snow. It's because they keep breaking up and erasing each other and then getting back together again. Truly an AMAZING STORY!!!
B005NFVZTM|4.0|If you liked the first XMen but were disappointed with the sequels, watch this one. I always liked McAvoy and he doesn't disappoint here, but it was Fassbender that I found compelling and even a bit sexy.
B004H3WWU2|5.0|Bought this laptop backpack as my old bag was giving way. What caught my eye was the compactness and several and durable zips it had. My Sony Viao VPCZ fitted in nicely too! other than my mouse and adaptor, I could still afford to place a 'raincoat' for the bag and one for myself, and even my lunchbox! It all depends on how you pack your stuff.  One slight qualm I had was the level of comfort when I first used it. It felt stiff and my shoulders began to ache. It was later that I realized that, you had to shorten the straps so that the bag fits ergonomically on your back. Now it sits much better.  Will give a review of the bag again later. For now, it gets 5 stars from me!
0307341569|5.0|I discovered this book after seeing an off-hand reference to it in an article.  I clicked the link I usually would have skimmed past. And that started a journey into the mind of a child-woman still reeling two decades after the slaughter of her family...  Insightful glimpses into her psyche, and an intriguing story of a family slowly falling apart.
B0050SYS5A|1.0|With the product attached to my kinect it makes the kinect almost un-usable and we end up taking it off when we want to play a game. Seems to work okay on games that used full body tracking but on games that require hand motion tracking the kinect didnt work. We messed with it for over a month and then returned it.
B00095NX9G|4.0|Although I admire Rachel Brice and her ability, I'm not a hardcore fan, I've never taken an ATS/tribal class and am not planning on it at the moment. I do like aspects of her dancing though, and thought it could make me a better dancer. Ultimately I decided to buy the DVD based on the emphasis on yoga and that, at two discs for under 30, it's a steal.  Serpentine is indeed packed with info, it'll take me ages to get through it all. It's definitely not for absolute beginners, basic bellydance moves are not explained thoroughly, but if you're motivated, a quick study or have already taken some sort of bellydance class, you'll be fine.   I love the yoga sections and use them when I feel too lazy to do my regular ashtanga practice.   What I dislike: the discs don't tell you how long each section is and it's organized a bit poorly - the backbending, breathing, and arm and leg pattern mini-lessons should be at the beginning of the first disc, not the end of the second.   For someone like myself who's been learning more traditional styles of BD, this DVD also gives a peek into the world of ATS/Tribal.  I would certainly recommend this to any motivated dancer who wishes to improve and clean up his or her technique and develop strength.
B00062IDCO|5.0|I love the way the last two hour show ties everything in together.  The entire seventh season is a must own for any true Star Trek Voyager fan.  If you are a true Star Trek Voyager fan, you should own all seven seasons!
B0048NXG4W|5.0|I was waiting for so long for a MOTUC dvd set like this. the packaging isn't the best. but the important goodies are inside.
B005I64U5C|5.0|This is undoubtedly the best 3D movie released yet. Excellent 3D effects. Since at this time 3D movies are limited. The character is introduced well. This is all done without the crypto-eugenics (We are better quasi-nazis.) themed message embedded in the later released \\"Captain America\\" about making a better uber-human than Nazi-Germay which so many Americans soaked up well in that much rewritten superhero story. Not so much here in \\"The Green Lantern\\". Definitely worth the watch!
1577314808|1.0|I thought I was purchasing a book that would help with coping, not worrying about things that may not happen, just improve my day-to-day life.  Instead I got a dry, unreadable book that echoed philosophy books' language and it went straight to the used book stores.  I was so disappointed.
B000HL2F14|5.0|Like another reviewer, I was pretty burnt out on new Star Trek franchises when Enterprise (ENT) first debuted.  When I sampled the first season, at the time, I definitely felt it was realllllly cheesy.    But now -   With the entire show on instant video, I figured I'd give ENT another shot.  I decided to start as far from season 1 as possible.  So I began with season 4, which I loved - really reminded me of some of TNG's best episodes.  On to Season 3, in my reverse viewing of this series!  Season 3 of ENT combines all of the best elements of the original Star Trek, TNG, and DS9.  There are excellent episodes on social issues, exploring ideas such as collective responsibility and genocide, as well as stem cell research and right to life, amongst others.  At the same time, the writers came up with a genius plot device for the whole season:  Enterprise must track down a new alien threat by exploring a new area of space known as 'The Expanse.'  Not only does this give a long-term story arc for 23 episodes (much like the best parts of DS9), but it also lets ENT explore a whole new part of the Star Trek universe, without worrying about changing the canon, etc. etc.  This gives a rich context for a lot of neat Star Trek style story-telling.  If you're a fan of the franchise, you'll probably recognize the nods to previous plot devices - I found this endearing, and not at all derivative).    Finally, the cast of this show really seem to fit their characters.  I was never able to dig Voyager b/c...well, nearly all the characters and/or actors annoyed the hell out of me.  Don't know why, but they just did.  This set of characters (and its matching cast) really shine in season 3 - many characters have to face difficult decisions that make them a little less polished, and a little more real (as the reimagined Battlestar Galactica famously did, to an even larger degree).  I have to say, as this season progresses, I admire more and more of the writing.  There are many small touches of continuity in the story arc that delight the attentive viewer, endear the characters to you, and feel like classic Star Trek.  Most importantly, however, they successfully turned what was a kind of hokey series in season 1 (in my opinion, at least) into a show that takes itself just seriously enough to be admired while still entertaining.  If you're a Star Trek fan of other shows, this season is a great introduction to ENT.
B005G4TJUC|2.0|Not much of a plot differance from the 2nd one... I saw them film in Chicago in 2010... That was the only cool thing about this movie, the Chicago back drop... Other then that don't buy this unless you saw it and liked it.. If you haven't seen it just rent it!!!!!
B002QW7ALM|2.0|I gave Dennis Quaid a pass after Cold Creek Manor but he has now lost points in my book for picking stupid movies.  I really felt like this movie started out with kind of a cool concept and then just lost it's mind.  It had lots of scenes and aspects that were just an absolute waste of time.  Examples being all the scenes with the cook character or the sub-plot with Bowers wife.  The monsters where not scary in the least and it wasn't hard to figure out their twist.  Really it wasn't hard to figure out any of the twists that this movie tries to throw at the audience.  Really if you want to watch a good alien movie watch Aliens or even Predator, and if you want a solid space movie watch Moon.  All of those are better options.
B004EPZ07U|3.0|The movie is fine, but the digital copy is deceptive. It puts your movie on a \\"cloud\\" account, so you can only access it that way.  It's really deceptive, because it gives you the option to \\"save to your computer\\" - that's a LIE.  You save it to their account.  I looked at the help section, and it clearly says you cannot download it to anything else, once you use Flixster.  I am NOT happy.  You can watch it on your portable device, but ONLY *through* Flixster.  It is not actually *your own* copy.
B00005JKDR|5.0|My grandson loved Monster, Inc. and I have to tell you I loved to watch it too.  The quality of the film was perfect and the price was very fair.
