0446525537|5.0|A bitter-sweet love story that you will not put down until you finish.  In the first few pages the author promises that this story will make you cry, and he couldn't have been more right.
630529142X|2.0|Hi there, if you love the waterboy movie dont read this because this is my ersonal view on it.  Ok recently i watched the DVD version of this film, expecting Sandler to live upto his phenominal sucess in the box office  already, boy was i wrong, not only was he not funny, but he was boring.  It  actually tested me to see if id sit through such a badly low budget movie.   Im not going to put down low budget movies, as some are good.  Come to  think of it theis probably wasnt even a low budget movie, but it sure  could've been.  I just didnt like the style, the was no real story behind  the &quot;funny man&quot;.  Next time Mr Sandler attemps to make a film, it  would help if he had a good director, i wouldnt be suprised if this was the  End of his career as it very well could be, thank-you
1556154844|5.0|This book offers tons of advices on what to do and what not to do.  For someone who is confused whether she should declare the variable at the beginning of a function or close to where it is being used, this book  actually gives concrete explanation as to why one is better than the other.   Like Programming Pearls by Bentley and C programming language by K&amp;R,  this is one of the rare gems for programmers of all levels.  The book is so  good I actually have two copies, one at home and one at work.
0783235666|5.0|Sure, the acting is a bit stiff at times and the special effects aren't up to today's standards and it's anybodys guess why the birds decided to attack - but Tippie Hedren and Suzanne Pleshette look fantastic... and darn  it, this is a good film! Hitchcock does a great job in building the  suspense: birds acting strangely at a pet store, Melanie is hit in the head  by a gull, the attack at the birthday party - Tippie &amp; Suzanne have a  sleep over. My favorite scene is when the main characters have boarded  themselves in the house, suddenly one of them notices a small bird sitting  on the coffee table - then whoosh! The house is filled with birds flying  down the chimney. Also, when the birds are pecking through the front door -  I've had nightmares about that for years. And who can forget the bloody man  trying to get into the phone booth with Tippie - imagine the gall of that  guy! Yes, it looks fake sometimes and the subplot of the love triangle is a  bit annoying but there will always be a special place in my heart for  &quot;The Birds&quot;.
B00002E233|3.0|JAWS for the 90's?  Not quite.  An accurate statement would be JAWS-Lite: not nearly as good a story; but with far superior visual and special effects.  Renny Harlin delivers his trademark stylized look with terrific sets, action and character actors; but the plot is, pardon the pun, chummy.   Walt Conti's robotic sharks are shockingly realistic and quite believable.   Hammerhead's digital sharks vary in quality from shot to shot; but ILM's  FX for the finale alone make it worth it!
B00000J2KT|5.0|Forget &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; - &quot;Full Metal Jacket&quot; is the movie I want to remember Stanley Kubrick by. It's been several years since I've watched this film - but I'll never forget it. The boot camp scenes are  the best and the actor who portrays the drill sargeant is great - your  worst nightmare. Kubrick lets those of us who've never been in the military  - much less fighting in a war - have a small taste of what it must be like.  This film is not as epic as &quot;Apocalypse Now&quot; or as poetic as  &quot;Platoon&quot; - both great movies. &quot;FMJ&quot; just seems like  the real thing.
B00002Z88D|5.0|One of Rock's greatest bands makes a daring move and creates a whole new impressive sound.  Songs like &quot;Until it sleeps, One, and Nothing Else Maters&quot; are actually performed along with the San Francisco Symphony  orchestra, bringing new life to each masterpiece.  Not to mention the newly  released tracks.  Music has never seen a merger quite as successful as  this.  If you are a Metallica fan (even just a little bit) you have to have  this CD.  You won't be able to quit listening to it.
0345404475|5.0|Most who say that movies based on books say the book is better. That is definitely the case here. I enjoyed the book so much I think it is a shame that not more was put into the movie from the book. Don't get me wrong,  Blade Runner is among my favorites.
B000002NFM|5.0|This is the most you can expect out of a CD....  A great breakthrough!   Every song is excellent!
0790729636|4.0|This movie has all the qualities of a great summer blockbuster. Stunning special effects, fantastic sound, both of which were Oscar nominated, superb soundtrack, delightful original musical score, and a cow.  It was  not Oscar season when Twister opened, and it is obvious.  But no one goes  to see a summer blockbuster for the acting.  A solid 4 stars is what it  deserves, and goes with my recommendation.
B00000AF98|4.0|I thought this record contained two all-time highlights of Paul's songwriting - &quot;Reason to Live&quot;and &quot;I'll Fight Hell...&quot;I wish the drums had more punch and the sound wasn't so sterilized, but gene  and paul's vocals sound awesome.  As a Kiss fan who loves all eras, I  thought &quot;Crazy Nights&quot;was a very enjoyable record even though the  title track is sort of embarrassing and &quot;No, No,No&quot;has gotta be  the worse thing since &quot;Boomerang&quot;
B0000399WI|5.0|This is a wonderful film about friendship and hope.  And while some critics may disagree, I contend that the length of the movie actually heightens its effect.  Kudos to Robbins, Freeman, and the whole bunch.  Well Done.  But while the film itself is laudable in so many ways, the DVD is seemingly lacking to the same extent. <br />For a movie of this caliber and quality, the DVD should have included the commentary by Morgan Freeman and the deleted scenes that were initially going to be part of the DVD release (at least according to some official looking internet chatter).  Yes the production stills are nice, the trailer is a must have (and well done besides), and the biographical information on Robbins and Freeman is great.  Those of us who truly enjoy this movie through repeat viewings however, expected more.
0679731725|5.0|The sun is setting for the last time over the British empire . In Stevens' lifetime the face of Europe will change fundamentally from authoritarian and class ridden to a democratic and freer place to live where choice  matters and the future is brighter. What kind of a life did someone live in  such a society in transition ? This is a question asked by both the book  and film 'Remains..' The book feels something has been lost to us, the film  feels that this loss is good and we have gained from it. Where both film  and book agree is that Stevens' relationship with his housekeeper is a key  to his personal development in the story. It is  in this that the book and  film both depict a most interesting, moving and at times humourous picture  of bygone days. The book is more optimistic in my view about Stevens'  personal development. He sees the Remains of the Day as a chance of rebirth  an expression of the freedom of the post war world he finds himself in. In  the film, his faults and missed opportunities are the setting of a seal on  an essentially emotionally redundant individual. I think watching the film  then reading the book is the best way to learn from Stevens story. The book  is too sympathetic to Stevens in allowing  only him to speak the narrative.  The film captures the wider picture better and displays the emotive  abscence in Stevens far better. The book is a rationalization of what one  sees in the film but to be fair the ending in the book is better. Whether  redemption comes to us or not in life, it is familiar when it arrives.
0716736241|5.0|I love this book. It is well written and full of figures, very instructive. The companion CD is very helpful. Nice the section on the Molecular Structure and Bonding. Helpful the Formula Index too. I think  this book is one of the best on the Inorganic Chemistry subject. I have  many other books written by P.W.Atkins: all excellent books. Thanks Prof.  Atkins.
B000006FYP|1.0|I thought this movie was garbage. Tommy Lee Jones was not needed in this movie. He was more of a nuisance than a villain. His attempt to play a villain was awful. The only good actor was Jim Carrey.
6303686745|5.0|A brilliantly acted and directed look at the realities and complexities of Cold War / nationalist / nuclear politics and motivations.  It reminds you how personal the arms race is to ALL peoples.<br />Quality viewing.
B000031WD8|5.0|This is probably one of the funniest movies I have ever seen. It is well worth your money.
B000023VTT|2.0|Julia Roberts character to me was so unsympathetic that I didn't feel that she deserved to be with such a nice guy as Hugh's character is in this film and I was personally hoping that Hugh would stick to his guns and not go  crawling back to her because the way she treated him was not very  nice.<br />My girlfriend thought that Hugh's flatmate was funny.  I found him  to be ignorant and boorish in the extreme.<br />If you want to see a romance  check out 'Somewhere in Time' with Jane Seymour and Christopher Reeves.  Or  for romantic comedy I recommend 'Doc Hollywood' starring Michael J Fox and  Julie Warner.
B00000AFWZ|5.0|I was born in 1968, and, obviously, I wasn't part of this scene.  But, I like to think I know a fair amount about the music of the time, and I truly appreciate the fantastic effort those fine people at Rhino (and earlier,  Elektra) have made by compiling these hard-to-find gems.  These tracks are  simply a representation of a unique time when making music, getting it  recorded and maybe having hits (regionally, or even--gasp--nationally) was  easier--no big production, not a lot of middlemen--it was all about the  music.  And most of the music was exceedingly direct, under three minutes  with killer hooks, lyrics the average teen could identify with or at least  with music they could groove to.  Lots of &quot;one-hit&quot; (or two or  three) wonders here, and although the music's pegged as &quot;garage&quot;  music, it's not all just &quot;Louie Louie&quot; (though that is included  here). My favorites, to name a few--&quot;Run Run Run&quot; by the  Gestures, the ticking, hand-clapping sing-along &quot;Stop--Get a  Ticket&quot; by the Clefs of Lavender Hill, &quot;Put the Clock Back on the  Wall&quot; by the E-types, &quot;Would I Still Be Her Big Man&quot; by the  Brigands, &quot;Open My Eyes&quot; by the Nazz, &quot;My World Fell  Down&quot; by Sagittarius, the Knickerbockers, the Music Machine, &quot;7  and 7 Is&quot; by Love, all the goofy stuff is appreciated (&quot;It's  A-Happening&quot;, etc.)...What can I say?  I'm thankful that these guys  and (some) girls are enshrined on these 4 CDs--they're fantastic!  Most  highly recommended to any 60's music fanatic who doesn't already have it.
6305451591|5.0|Life may have seemed beautiful through the eyes of a child but the reality was far different for Benigni's character.  He gives a truly touching and comic performance.  That notwithstanding the lesson to be learned (in my  opinion) is that optimism (if believed and adhered to) that flies in the  face of harsh reality  can have dire and tragic consequences for the  optimist (Benigni).  Instead of making light of his situation he would  perhaps have been wiser to escape the terrible onslaught that was the  Holocaust and maybe all the tragedy could have been avoided for both him  and his family.<br />Life was anything but beautiful particularly when the  hard labor began and most specifically when he realized that a perceived  friend was anything but.<br />That being said it is a must see film.  A  beautiful romantic comedy with tremendous dramatic  impact.
B000004286|5.0|I LOVE THE MUSIC FROM BRAVEHEART THE SCOTTIST BAG PIPE ARE A NICE SOUND,I LOVE ALL THE TRACK(&quot;I'M NOT KIDDING&quot;)I LOVE ARE  OF THEM,JAMES HORNER DID A GOOD JOB.
B00001R3GI|5.0|You can feel the heroin entering Keith's vein, smell the booze all over the studio, and your eyes will get blood-shot because of all the smoke ... and that's only after the first riff.  Basically, this collection of raw  music is the essence of rock &amp; roll.  By the time &quot;Lovin'  Cup&quot; hits its eternal groove, there is no way you can resist shakin'  your hips. Prepare to rinse your soul of all its evil tendencies.
B00000DC4A|5.0|This is probably my favorite Bryan Adams album of all time.  It's too bad that whoever is promoting it chooses to release the slow and sappy songs.  I liked the first two singles with On A Day Like Today and When You're  Gone, but I do not have a clue why they would release Cloud Number Nine and  Inside Out over excellent tunes like Feerless and How Do Ya Feel Tonight.   Don't judge this album by the slow tunes that were released. But if you  like that kind of thing there's some of that here too.  This is a great  album overall. BUY IT- you won't be dissapointed.
B00000K0E5|5.0|I thought this was one of the best Bond films ever. I thought Brosnan did a good job portraying Bond. Also, there was action in this movie from the facility to the ending in cuba.
B000002KL3|4.0|The songs may not be as compact and focused as on the first two, but this one's my personal favorite. Leadoff Cradle Will Rock is still a radio standard, In A Simple Rhyme is killer rock, Take Your Whiskey Home starts  of slow then smokes, and finally Could This Be Magic, the silly acoustic  sing-a-long is great fun.
0792156684|5.0|After seeing this movie multiple times, I have to say this movie definitely is a future classic. One of the very few movies that have a good plot to go along with stunning special effects. The characters are very  believable and James Cameron's attention to detail was better than any  other movie in history.<br />I've talked with may people about this film and  I've never heard a bad word said about it... even from the most harshest  critics. Unfortunately, when viewing other people's comments on amazon.com  about this movie, I'm convinced people will never be happy with anything  and will continue to find fault with everything. I believe most people who  claim they don't like it only say they do just to be different. Making over  a billion dollars worldwide, I guess not everyone shares their  opinions.<br />This movie is as close to flawless as you can get.
6305627401|5.0|If you are not sure yet if you want to buy &quot;South Park: Bigger, longer &amp; uncut&quot;, just follow this simple rule: If you like the TV South Park then you'll love it - if you think the TV show is going to far,  please keep your hands off the movie. The humor is extremely crude and  could not be more political incorrect.  I personally love it because the  story is very good and the entire movie is made like a musical. If you want  to forget all your sorrows for 80 minutes, just put your brain into a jar  and enjoy &quot;South Park: Bigger, longer &amp; uncut&quot;.
0767819594|5.0|I loved this movie.  The dialogue between Sarah Michelle Gellar and Ryan Philippe is so awesome.  I just loved the way their characters interacted and talked to each other.  The comebacks were so tight, it's really a good  movie and a good storyline.  I totally recommend it.
B00000J7JO|4.0|The Chili Peppers created some great tunes in their newest album &quot;Californication.&quot;  Around the world features the most memorable sound of what true Chili Pepper fans remember of them.  Somewhat nonsence  lyrics, but great to listen to, and features a bit of what Flea is capable  of on bass.  I would have rated this album a 5 star, but I feel that  dissing the very state that made them famous was sort of a slap to those  who hail from the state and have nothing to do with the  &quot;Californication&quot; they speak of in at least 2 of their songs.   Either way, it's good ear candy, and a great album for those road trips.   This album works extra good with Kicker Bass systems.
0060976624|5.0|A comedic novel about a spokesperson for the tobacco industry? At first, this may sound as promising as a novel about a dirt salesperson. But Thank You For Smoking is utterly hilarious, perfectly-pitched comedy. It is  swiftly paced, and not easy to put down. It's a great escape to a place you  didn't think you'd want to go until you got there.
B000002L42|5.0|Ok, Ok, there were some engineering problems with the recording, transfer, and/or mixdown - sometimes the board sounds saturated...BUT, there are some tremendous performances.  Erskine, Bernhardt, Zingg, etc. deliver the goods.  Walter Becker's vocals on Book of Liars is considerably stronger  than on 11 Tracks of Whack.  There are numerous subtle and not so subtle  tasty arrangement changes on Reelin' in the Years, Sign in Stranger (the  horn chart at the end is tremendous), Aja (a little more loose that the  studio version and at least as beautiful), Green Earrings, etc.  Damn fine jazz/fusion performances.
6304457391|5.0|Seven Days In May is indeed Frankenheimer at his best. The plot is provocative and absorbing, the acting is great ( what else would you expect from Lancaster and Douglas? ), and the script is powerful. The suspense is  still great after all these years. This film is indeed a lesson on how to  make intelligent thrillers.
0553213105|5.0|My mother used to read me a chapter a night of this book when I was about eight.  I didn't get it.  For reasons lost in the mists of history, I  picked it up on my own in my 20s and found, to my delight, that I couldn't  put it down.  Since then, I have bought, read, and reread everything Austen  ever wrote, and was a member of the Jane Austen Club back in the early  '80s, loooong before she became so fashionable.<br />What I've learned from my  frequent readings of her works is that each time I read them, I get a  little more than I did the last time.  Her language appears convoluted to  us, yes, partly because she wrote with the voice of her time and partly  because we are probably like, you know, as inarticulate a people as ever  lived.  So do we denigrate Shakespeare or Chaucer for their voices?<br />The  themes of Austen's works are all similar - they all relate to the  difficulties of women finding their own places in a rigidly structured  society in which women were defined strictly by the men in their lives.  In  fact, when I visited her burial place in Winchester Cathedral, I was  surprised to find a 6-foot marble slab fully engraved with a lengthy  narrative about her, until I realized that there was NOT ONE WORD about her  writing - she was described and defined strictly in relation to her father  and family.  So she definitely knew whereof she spoke; in her time, there  was no life for a women outside of marriage, and the frantic attempts of  parents - and the girls themselves - to marry off their daughters, which  appears funny to us in our more enlightened age, is actually painful and  somewhat pathetic.  (Almost as pathetic as the efforts of many women today  to find their own rich, indulgent Mr. Darcys... especially in light of  their many other options.)<br />One of the characteristics of Austen's writing  that I find most interesting is that while she writes in great detail of  the lives of her characters and their immediate surroundings, there isnot  one word about the greater world.  I doubt that the word &quot;London&quot;  appears in any of them except briefly in &quot;Sense and Sensibility&quot;;  they all take place in small villages somewhere in the middle or south of  England, and rarely wander further than the distance of a post-lunch walk.  The novels were written at the end of the Napoleonic era and the beginning  of the Industrial Revolution, so there was plenty of upheaval, social and  otherwise, occuring all over England and the Continent, but nary a whisper  of it ever rears its ugly head in her works.  She holds her magnifying  glass very close to her own garden gate; her perspective is entirely  microcosmic without being claustrophobic - that's part of her genius.  She  can turn over a rock and document the frantic scurrying underneath it in  its own terms, drawing no inferences from the activity under the rest of  the tree.  Good?  Bad?  I don't know, and I think it doesn't matter - but  there is probably not a better, more detailed, or more honest picture of  time and place in all of English literature.<br />I am torn between being glad  that students are exposed to literature, and sorry that the teaching of it  is so pedantic that all the humor and magic of great books is  buried.  I  only hope, for those who were force-fed on Austen and others of her ilk,  that they will pick up these works on their own later in life and derive  from them the pleasure that is there for the asking.  Meanwhile, I strongly  recommend periodic infusions of all of Austen's works, of which I believe  &quot;Pride and Prejudice&quot; is the most accessible.
6305232660|2.0|Deep Impact is nothing you haven't seen before. It's the typical lousy disaster film ( excluding Poseidon Adventure and Towering Inferno ). The relationships of the characters are typical stories of love found, love  lost,  and love found again. The performances are average, the script is  dull, and the direction is subdued. What can you say about a film that  tries to tell the audience that the coast of Virginia looks like the  mountains of California? People were about a half an hour away from  Virginia Beach when the asteroid hit, and they were able to run to the tops  of mountains more than an hour away in ten minutes! That's what I call bad  film making.
B000002LND|5.0|This CD is awesome! To me, this CD is the real Madonna that everyone knows. I like the music on this CD a lot better than some of her new songs. Great CD for anyone who listened to Madonna in the 80's and early 90's!
6302516919|2.0|High school nerd sees the car of his dreams and has to have it, ignoring the history of deaths that come along with the purchase. But this is no ordinary car, it's alive. Follows up with the predictable development:  parents don't like car, bullies trash car, car gets even. Some of the cast  choices are good but whatever talent this movie has, it needs a better  screenplay. Preston is wife of John Travolta and you can see the bum  Blossom in HOME ALONE.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Of three artists that I would put my favorites, they would have to be Alanis Morissette, Mariah Carey, and of course, Fiona Apple.  Unlike Mariah Carey's newest album, Rainbow, Fiona Apple's new 90-word album &quot;When  the Pawn...&quot; proves me right.  Her songs shows here true feelings from  great songs like &quot;To Your Love&quot; and my personal favorite, &quot;A  Mistake&quot;  This songbird doesn't sing about a boy she has an  infatuation for, or wanting to love and kiss somebody, she gives out her  true feelings as a person and makes beautiful music with it.  You have to  listen to it.  It will be one of the few CD's in your collections that you  can actually listen from beginning to end.
6302814782|3.0|Two brothers and their mother move to the missing persons capital and while one mixes in with the local vampire population, the other becomes a believer in the supernatural. The older brother then becomes a vampire and  the younger brother joins the crazy juvenile vampire hunters. And together,  they try to take down the vampire gang who turned him into one. Sleek and  stylish (like the video box says) but the actual terror is camouflaged  behind the childish antics of Haim (who's not even on the video box!). And  the drama is completely obliterated behind all given elements. All and all  a half half. Funny how the lead vampire Herrmann is now doing commercials  for DODGE, like the caption above reads.
B00001U0GQ|5.0|I just finished viewing the DVD version of Last of the Mohicans. I have seen both the theatrical and laserdisc versions of this movie. I was very pleased with Mann's cut. Even so, I believe that they should have offered  an alternative unedited version on the other side of the disc. This would  have satisfied the purists and Clannad fans. All in all, I thoroughly  enjoyed Mann's edited version. His expanded versions of the battle scenes  at fort William Henry and Chingachgook's ending speech appealed to this  particular viewer. On the other hand, the few jumpy edits and deleted  scenes did not adversely affect my enjoyment of this movie. The excellent  music, sound, beautiful cinematography, and fast paced action combine to  produce a movie viewing experience that can be enjoyed over and over again.
6305335745|3.0|As a father deprives his son of a nasty comic book, we get the chance to see the stories play out into a series of little skits (that add up to at least 2 hours total, little nothing!). The usual elements: A corpse coming  back from the grave, a tale of revenge, some pesky bugs, a monster killing  off people at a college campus, a meteor lands and bad things happen. One  of the most original of it's kind with the comic book slice animation and  odd red mixed with blue lighting that makes for an entertaining (and funny)  movie. King himself stars in the second skit and this is not the last King  movie we see Marshall in.
6304504012|5.0|Incase you don't know, this is a musical in the purest sense.  They speak maybe one or two lines in the entire movie.  So don't buy it if you don't like musicals.  However, it is a wonderful musical.  Antonio Banderas and  Madonna are perfect and they both do a wonderful job.  As do all the other  characters.  The person who played Peron (forgive me for forgetting his  name) was wonderful as well.  I am in love with Andrew Loyd Webber's work  and I am happy to be able to say that the producers of Evita did not do  Webber an injustice.
B000031WD9|5.0|This was one of the best movies of 1999 and certainly the best comdedy. I saw this at the theatre when it first came out and laughed my &amp;^@ off. I just purchased the unrated movie on DVD yesterday and i still laughed my  &amp;%$ off. This movie never gets old and would be a great gift for a  mature teen. Also i dont really know the difference between the rated and  non rated versions if anyone knows please email me at  kylemack@worldnet.att.net!   GREAT MOVIE!
0792842073|5.0|Buoyed by two memorable performances, Dead Man Walking is the charged narrative of a convicted killer brought to redemption by a selfless nun. It manages to bring to the screen one of the most original polemics on capital  punishment ever.    Director Tim Robbins gives us an emotionally complex  look at the human ugliness on all sides of the issue. Written and acted  with a rare honesty, Dead Man Walking challenges our all-consuming desire  for revenge in the face of savagery. <br />The genius of Dead Man Walking is  how it humanizes those we deem monsters yet completely condemns the acts of  violence that got them there. For this reason this alone it's bound to  raise the ire of some; it's far more easy to see a murderer as alien rather  admit our own culpability in his creation.
B000031XBQ|5.0|Even the most jaded palates will find this delightful.  Although the Spanish translations are sometimes awkward, they're a joy to hear, and several of these tracks are mixed differently to their original English  versions.  <br />It may be just the excellent remastering, but tracks like  &quot;La Reina del Baile&quot; (&quot;Dancing Queen&quot;)  and &quot;Al  Andar&quot; (&quot;Move On&quot;) sound cleaner and fresher than ever.   Recommended for ABBA fans.
6304925131|4.0|John Grisham's The Rainmaker marks the return of quality moviemaking in the career of Francis Coppola. In recent years, the grand old man of American cinema has strayed into material far beneath his potent skills.  Note the recent Jack or his inane, overwrought take on Bram Stoker's  Dracula.<br />You wouldn't think that another Grisham novel would be Coppola's  ticket out of the mud, but it is. Maybe he has more of a stake in the  project because he also wrote the screenplay. But whatever it is, this tale  of a greenhorn lawyer and his quest to do the right thing makes for  entertaining, thoughtful drama.<br />The acting in Rainmaker is first-rate.  Sure, the faceless corporate bureaucracy is an easy target-it always is in  this kind of movie-but the detailed and subtle writing enables the cast to  create believable, interesting people.
0446525537|5.0|I got this book at the library and at first, I wasn't into it, but once I got into the book, I was very impressed. Jamie sort of reminds me of myself when I was at that age. I loved this book, and Mr Sparks other books as  well.
6304618344|3.0|In John Woo's orgy of action Face/Off, mega-men of the moment John Travolta and Nicolas Cage get to play with each other's mind and mugs. It's a big enough thrill to see these two dead-on dynamos mixing it up on the  big screen, but the kicker is they get to play each other--two Vegas  impressionists in a lethal game of cat and mouse.   And those demanding  blood and guts know that Woo rarely disappoints. Though the climax is too  long in coming, the stars make this picture. And if you're keeping score,  Travolta does an awfully good Cage, wide-eyed and slow of voice. His  performance alone makes Face/Off a fanciful, edgy thriller.
0156711427|5.0|This is book is incredible, and one of my personal favorites.  Its beauty is too easily overlooked, because it is so elegantly subtle. Every aspect of the storytelling is masterful: the prose is lush and nuanced, and every  character is exquisitely drawn.  Drawing from the slimmest of plots,  Forster weaves what seems to be an isolated incident into a complex  tapestry of emotion.  The central focus are the characters, who are sharply  realistic and utterly, utterly human.  Another aspect that I liked very  much is that it takes an era, the British Raj in India, which is otherwise  interpreted only with the most hotly colored emotions, and presents it with  a marked neutrality, presenting it only through the eyes of the characters.  A marvelous read.
6304078102|2.0|Like so many movies of the &quot;feel-good&quot; variety, Mr. Holland's Opus is little more than a magic carpet ride of top ten hits. It vague condescension fools you into long sobs, but your better sense tells you  they're all just crocodile tears. It's the Bad News Bears with a backbeat.
6305165912|5.0|I was glad to see so many glowing reviews of this film.  The fact is, this is one of the greatest and wittiest comedies of all time.  Those that dislike this movie probably just don't appreciate the humor.  I must say  that this movie definitely requires more than one viewing to be  appreciated. I am adhering to a strict viewing regiment to keep my mind  limber. Every character, even Brandt, gives a stellar performance. The DVD  version has a short interview with the Coen brothers and allows one to  understand how the idea was conceived.  This is an outstanding movie and  there are many hilarious incidents, but the true humor is in the dialogue.   You can apply a quote from the movie to just about any life situation.
0800129806|1.0|Forget Jerry Goldsmith's music punctuating every raised eyebrow. Ignore Julia Ormond's ability to play two emotions: earnestness and confused earnestness. First Knight is a crashing bore. It insults its audience with the weakest dialogue this side of Camelot. &quot;I want you;  you want me,&quot; says Lance. I couldn't tell if these two were medieval  lovers stating their passion or it was day two of Woodstock. <br />Worst of  all, this isn't the King Arthur of Morte D' Arthur. It's not even the King  Arthur of the musical Camelot. You'll find no Merlin, excalibur, or Holy  Grail inside these city walls. The grand mythology of Arthurian legend is  stripped to the barest of bones. This isn't First Knight; it's knight of  the living dead with more frightening results.
B000002H2H|2.0|The highlights of this album are clear: Fade to Black + For Whom the Bell tolls.  The rest of this is just plain boring. Unfortunately, this is one of the more overrated bands of all time, but kids just can't see that  becuaes there are so few other bands worth listening to.  Save your money  or go buy some old Judas Priest - it's better than this noise.
6303855512|4.0|Smoke is an involving and literate peek into the lives of a Brooklyn tobacco store owner and his writer friend. Stripped of all Hollywood excess, it blows a puff of wry recognition into our eyes and charms us with  meaningful conversation.   Rarely is a slice-of-life tale so  intoxicating. The acting, often captured in long, stationary shots invites  us with words and teases us with stories. The most shattering of these  being the Christmas story Auggie (Keitel) relates to Paul (Hurt) toward the  end of the film. Director Wayne Wang and writer Paul Auster give us reason  to cheer for their lackluster but likable characters building lasting  relationships and taking life one day at a time.  Smoke's a real killer,  but I guarantee you'll die with a smile on your face.
B00000I3JM|5.0|Still my favorite of Blue Nile's three albums, &quot;Walk Across the Rooftops&quot; is a gorgeous debut that nicely bridges acoustic instruments with synthetic instruments -- like the ubiquitous Linn drums -- in an era  when synthpop was everywhere. (The album was originally released on Linn  Records, by the way.) Paul Buchanan's voice is introspective, aching and  sincere, though it may sound a bit peculiar to those unaccustomed to it.  &quot;Stay&quot; was the prominent (and excellent) single from the album,  but &quot;Tinseltown in the Rain&quot; is by far the stunner on the album  -- magnificent despite its unusual blend of sounds with its lush string  arrangements, crunchy bass, percussive guitar and Linn drum claps ...  absolutely one of my all-time favorite songs from the 80's. This song alone  is worth the price of the album (too bad it's out of print in the States).  &quot;Heatwave&quot; and &quot;Walk Across the Rooftops&quot; are other  standouts. The other, softer tracks are minimalist yet paint vivid,  impressionistic scenes. The Blue Nile succeed on this album in truly  creating a form of aural poetry, that they were also able to duplicate on  subsequent albums, but don't miss this one!
B000002HMH|3.0|Let us start from the beginning. The question is not whether or not &lt;I&gt;Metallica&lt;/I&gt; &quot;sold out&quot; because they changed their music style. The issue in a review like this is if the album was good  or if it , instead, sucked royally. <br />To give an album one star means it  sucked royally. While &quot;Load&quot; may not have met the expectations of  some, it was at least a decent album. No, it was not thrash or speed metal.  Like its previous effort, &quot;Metallica&quot; (commonly known as the  &quot;Black&quot; album) &quot;Load&quot; had a more rock oriented sound to  it. (No, it was not an alternative album, if anything &quot;Load&quot; at  least represents a good hard rock album.)<br />Load did not suck royally. So,  in my opinion, it deserves three stars. It did not meet the same level as  an album like &quot;Black,&quot; which would be a four or five.<br />As for  earlier albums, this album is different. Understandably people buying this  album expecting to see Metallica's thrash-metal roots (see &quot;Master or  Puppets&quot; or &quot;Ride the Lightning&quot;) clearly are disappointed.  The reason for such disappointed is well founded.... &quot;Load&quot; is  not a thrash metal album. It is, instead, a clear progression from earlier  albums. Go ahead, listen to them in order and see if you can't expect an  album like &quot;Black&quot; or later &quot;Load.&quot;<br />Face it. James  Hetfield and company aren't angry 18 year olds. If they were, they would be  pumping out more albums like &quot;Kill `Em All.&quot; And, no doubt, we'd  be sick of them and complaining that all they can do is create copies of  the same thing. Let Metallica evolve. Give them a bit of slack, and see  where things take them. If you don't like where things are when, god  forbid, Metallica is no more, then you can complain about where they ended  up. But right now, they are still a work-in-progress (like any band still  playing), so let's just see where evolution takes them.
B00000255F|5.0|The truest test of music may well be how well it holds up to time, and how it influences those who listen to it. By that standard, Born To Run stands as tall and triumphant now as it did 25 years ago. You want a lesson on how  to live life? Listen to this album - from start to finish, this speaks of  the risks and rewards faced by lonely and tired travellers on the  backstreets of 20th century America. &quot;Thunder Road&quot; is the most  eloquent, brave, and honest plea for a companion down that lonely highway  you'll ever hear... Bruce calls out from that road: yeah it's dark, it's  dangerous, hell yes we might be blown away by it, hell yes love is  terrifying, hell yes there are risks... but just take my hand and together  we can face the night -  the morning just might be worth the ride after  all.
B000002HMH|3.0|Let us start from the beginning. The question is not whether or not Metallica &quot;sold out&quot; because they changed their music style. The issue in a review like this is if the album was good or if it , instead,  sucked royally.<br />To give an album one star means it sucked royally. While  &quot;Load&quot; may not have met the expectations of some, it was at least  a decent album. No, it was not thrash or speed metal. Like its previous  effort, &quot;Metallica&quot; (commonly known as the &quot;Black&quot;  album) &quot;Load&quot; had a more rock oriented sound to it. (No, it was  not an alternative album, if anything &quot;Load&quot; at least represents  a good hard rock album.)<br />Load did not suck royally. So, in my opinion, it  deserves three stars. It did not meet the same level as an album like  &quot;Black,&quot; which would be a four or five.<br />As for earlier albums,  this album is different. Understandably people buying this album expecting  to see Metallica's thrash-metal roots (see &quot;Master or Puppets&quot; or  &quot;Ride the Lightning&quot;) clearly are disappointed. The reason for  such disappointed is well founded.... &quot;Load&quot; is not a thrash  metal album. It is, instead, a clear progression from earlier albums. Go  ahead, listen to them in order and see if you can't expect an album like  &quot;Black&quot; or later &quot;Load.&quot;<br />Face it. James Hetfield and  company aren't angry 18 year olds. If they were, they would be pumping out  more albums like &quot;Kill `Em All.&quot; And, no doubt, we'd be sick of  them and complaining that all they can do is create copies of the same  thing. Let Metallica evolve. Give them a bit of slack, and see where things  take them. If you don't like where things are when, god forbid, Metallica  is no more, then you can complain about where they ended up. But right now,  they are still a work-in-progress (like any band still playing), so let's  just see where evolution takes them.
6300183971|4.0|Fortunately, I read the book prior to see the film however, the movie theatre I saw it in provided glossary handouts explaining all the unusual terminology. I felt the special effect were excellent for the time. Nobody can beat George Lucas anymore, I guess. A star-studded cast really into  their roles helped immensely to draw you into the story. Really comes down  to a masked version closely aligned with our own modern day mid-eastern oil  crisis. The following 5 books in the series wold make great flix. NO -  there isn't any 4 hour version available people! 5 1/2 hours of footage was  shot but much is extra takes or poorly shot scennes. Enjoy!
B000002H33|5.0|Metallica's finest hour. with songs like master of puppets and orion you cant go wrong, in a word, excellent.
0393317552|3.0|Diamond's subject and his lucid if plodding prose kept me going despite this books nearly fatal flaw: it is numbingly repetitive.  Maybe Diamond  expected a few thousand undergraduates to be assigned this or that chapter  in isolation and so felt compelled to provide ample context from the rest  of the book at every point in each argument he makes.  Nevertheless the  material covered is so compelling that the book made it onto my Christmas  giving list.
B000002JEV|5.0|Listening to 'You Shook Me' and 'I Can't Quit You' you start to think that Page &amp; Plant have done a good job of writing songs this good. Then maybe you'll notice they didn't write them! The fact is that Zeppelin make  these old Willie Dixon songs sound so original, they breath new life into  them. Then you hear Jimmy Page slash out the vicious riff to 'Communication  Breakdown,' what a treat! Essentially a Who riff, but claimed with Page's  brief flirtation with the wah pedal during the solo! The album also  features some newly unearthed material: 'The Girl I Love...' (Riff is  infectious! ) 'Travelling Riverside Blues' and Eddie Cochran's classic  'Somethin' Else.'   Once again, Zeppelin make them sound fresh.  The second  CD is a completely unedited concert at the Paris Theatre in London, in the  middle of 1970 tour. There are some real great highlights here, with a new  soloto 'Immigrant Song' the riff to 'Out On The Tiles' being added to  'Black Dog,' a ludicrous 18 and a half minute long version of 'Dazed and  Confused' and the first ever live performance of 'Stairway to Heaven' and a  nice blues medley during 'Whole Lotta Love.' If you're a Zep fan, or even  if you're not, you'll love this. Buy it now!
B00002MZ2C|4.0|RATM's explosion onto the music scene ushered in the unfortunate rise of nu-metalists (e.g. Limp Bizkit) who tap into that pit of despair called surburban angst.  It can be argued that the Beastie Boys really made all of  this happen.  But that does not take away the value of the band--we can't  discredit the brilliance of Nirvana because of the worthlessness of  Candlebox.  However, where the Korns of world stop, is where RATM begins.   RATM has a sense of seriousness, credibility, and sincerity that the  johnie-come-latelies do not.  While being highly politically charged in  lyrics, multi-ethnic in make-up, and uncompromisingly hard in sound, RATM  distinguishes itself from the pack.  This album has more features of a  successful band (great production, electronic tweeking, etc.), and it does  succeed beyond &quot;Evil Empire&quot;, but it does not surpass the group's  debut.  Nonetheless, it is a fine, smart, and hard piece of work.
B00000IOSU|5.0|For first time listeners, Sarah's music is probably either &quot;too blend&quot; or &quot;You didn't understand beauty of voice until now&quot;.  Most modern songs loops lyric and tunes, but the way Sarah shifts her  pitch, tunes, varying each time, (Musical terms are not my strong suite)  makes each listening unique.<br />Many people write complicated lyrics to  demonstrate their talent as artist, but that need not to be the case, and  is shown by Sarah. The way she caries the tunes and words projects the  intented emotions. And those feeling, those emotions is what make us Sarah  Mclachlan's fan.<br />Although the songs in this album is a rehash of  materials, the live performance speaks/sings for itself. To me, every  variation of her songs are worth the price.  Maybe its her touring live  preventing new album coming out, but I do agree with other fans with the  need for new materials. Perhaps on her personal growth with the last few  years of Lilith fair and touring.
B0000214F0|5.0|This movie was very graphic it's take you into pegan, rome in the time of Culigula Ceaser. This man was ruthless a pimp in his own time putting senators wife to work for him and his own. This man had no respect for any  one he was even in love with his own sister. It's worth checking out
B000007443|5.0|Every time I revisit this debut album I'm reminded what a sparkling addition it was to my library.  The personnel alone (Michael Brecker on sax, Mike Manieri on vibes, Eddie Gomez bass, Peter Erskine on drums, and  then-newcomer Eliane Elias on piano) were enough to guarantee a completely  professional performance.  But rather than showcasing individual  pyrotechnics, this release highlights the tight swing and interplay among a  gifted ensemble.  Sure, there are knock-out solo contributions from almost  every member of the band, but much of their impact comes from the sensitive  backing by the group.  Combine those talents with great compositions -  completely modern jazz that features great melodies and straight-ahead  grooves, without devolving into either conventional bop or homogenized  fusion - and you have one very fine CD, indeed.<br />(Note: I still have my  original domestic release, and haven't compared with the currently  available import pressing.)
B0000214F0|5.0|This movie was very graphic it's take you into pegan, rome in the time of Culigula Ceaser. This man was ruthless a pimp in his own time putting senators wife to work for him and his own. This man had no respect for any  one he was even in love with his own sister. It's worth checking out
0684833395|1.0|I hate books with lots of characters.  And this one had a ton.  It seems like every chapter had five new people id &quot;meet&quot;, then forget about a few chapters later.  I kept reading it, but I just couldnt stand  it.  I stopped abut half-way through.
B00000K2SC|5.0|A great action title.Special effects are great in it.A perfect gif
B000031XCR|1.0|I think Celine has a fantastic voice, but this latest material seems taken from the same cloth as her previous efforts.  On top of that, the effort 'That's The Way It Is' is a welcome pace change, but seems to be a bit too  childish in its subject matter for a 30-year-old woman to be singing.  As  for the remainder of the tracks (I do own the album, by the way), too many  ballads that all sound alike without any truly memorable melodies.  As  always, her voice is in fantastic form, but for me, I don't know, I'm not a  fan.  I see that the sales of this album have been astronomical, and that a  lot of people enjoy the music, and I'm not a pop-music basher in any way,  but I feel there's a better use of her voice and talent if she and Sony  would be daring enough to try moving her music in a different, less  cookie-cutter direction.
B000003BDJ|5.0|These are the best Rolling Stones CDs I've ever bought.  The only song missing is: I know it's only Rock and Roll.  If you only buy two Rolling Stones' CDs, these are the two.
B000001GQY|5.0|This CD contains some of the best music ever recorded. The definitive version of both concertos, and an essential part of every musical library.
B00002DEMV|5.0|Just buy it!  I have VERY high hopes for this band... even in this culturally dead country of America. I am speachless.
B00001ZWTS|3.0|thought there should have been more to a plot, looked like they were just trying to give a lot of action shots...
B00000K31V|5.0|Yet another virtual-reality film, but a very different one from the Matrix, and perhaps Cronenberg's most satisfying film.  Full of the director's signature polymorphous perversity, it's not for the sqeamish or  for those who demand standard Hollywood pacing, explication or  cinematography.  This film takes risks and will be hated by some, but  others will find it a fascinating exploraton of ancient philosophical  issues reified by modern technology.
B000002U82|5.0|Please disregard the indefensible stupidity of the reviewer from hunger; he is, pardon my french, an escarile. He is also obviously incapable of distinguishing the disparity between communism and socialism, the theme  that pervades Dark Side. Admittedly they lean a bit toward communism with  Breathe, but that's quickly negated by the insightful track Time that shows  the dangers of that system. In all, a brilliant and insightful piece of  socialist musical literature.
0671502336|5.0|An disturbingly hilarious look into war. This novel is extremely entertaining, but with a dark undercurrent of death and the psychological horrors of war. One of the most powerful stories I have ever read.
B000002U82|1.0|This cacophony of commie buzz words and simplistic, condescending communist ideals both offends me as an American, and as a music listener. Should've been called Red Side Of the Moon.
0312853238|5.0|This book is absolutely fantastic. It is such an incredible escape from reality, it is simply unreal! The plot is fantastic. The character development is fantastic. It is just an unbelievable book! I would  recommend it to anyone that likes reading a good book. Looking forward to  the movie!
0783226160|4.0|National Lampoon's Animal House is a classic that had a significant effect on TV and movie comedies long after its introduction in 1978.  With just the right combination of satire, parodies and jokes on college life in the  early 60's, it's a perpetual favorite in our family.  I was fortunate to be  present during the movie's making in my home town of Eugene, Oregon in  November 1977, including witnessing D-Day's entrance on his motorcycle.  We  enjoy watching it for the content and for being able to recognize every  location in it.  (This movie was shown for some years at Eugene's Mayflower  Theater, directly across the street from the actual location of the 'Delta'  house.  The frat house's purpose in real life was a work-release center for  ex-convicts, ironically enough.) Bluto on the ladder, Pinto's 'good guy-bad  guy' mental debate on sex, Bluto stuffing an entire sandwich in his mouth  in the cafeteria, Otis Day and the Knights, and Donald Sutherland  introducing a few of his students to marijuana are unforgettable comedy  highlights among many in the film.  A bit corny at times, maybe, but the  movie is just plain fun.  It's a must-see for all ages.
B000023VR6|4.0|Dr.Dre,You rule.I love you new CD,even if you got snoop as one of your people.Besides this minor flaw,I hope you get to the top and have fun doing it.Peace.
B000002H72|5.0|If you like to hear high quality rock music, this album is for you. You'll love every single track. The Pixies really set the tone for the '90s.
B000031WD9|5.0|The greatest band in the world is in this movie. Blink 182 has a nice cameo with the monkey scene as their song &quot;Mutt&quot; off &quot;Enema of the State&quot; plays in the backround.<br />Oh and did I mention this  movie is hilarious and does more good for sex then &quot;Eyes Wide  Shut&quot;?
0446607274|4.0|Bosch is still the man in Los Angeles, now with a case that no one in the Los Angeles' Police Department wants solved. True to form, Harry doesn't let us down and keeps us reading to the very end. How does Connelly come up  with his twists and turns? I kept turning the pages way past me stop on the  train and loved the fact that it gave me few more minutes to solve the plot  along with LA's greatest. Keep writing, I am on my way to buy Void Moon.
0880389052|5.0|About four years ago I read the Dragonlance Chronicles and the Legends, and I thought they were the best books ever created! I thought no book could ever beat the Dragolance series.  Then I was in the bookstore looking  through the Dragonlance section and a man, asked me if I ever read any  Dragonlance books.  He said that he did, but didn't seem too excited about  them.  Then he asked me if I have evr read the Forgotten Realm books.  I  said no, and asked him how he liked them.  He said they were the most  amazing books, and that R.A. Salvatore was the most talented writer on  Earth.  I couldn't see it.  I found it very hard to beleive that anyone  could write as good as Maragaret Weis and Tracy Hickman!  So I went on with  the DL series, for three more years.  Now four years later, I don't know  why but I started reading Homeland.  It was absolutelt great and Drzzt  Do'Urden is the coolest character.  I now think Forgotten Realms are much  better than Dragonlance.
B000002NAK|3.0|Madonna and Antonio Banderas do a nice job.  But, their performances lack the power and emotion of the Broadway Cast.  You have try the Broadway version with Patti LuPone and Mandy Patinkin.
B000002LMK|5.0|I love this album. The crunchy grunge rock never lets up. And it is not mindless noise, either. Young has a marvelous sense of melody as well as the heart of a rocker. And so even crunching rockers like song number three  and &quot;Mansion on the Hill&quot; have tuneful melodies.  And even the  song with the bad word (song number three) accurately describes something  we all do. It describes how I feel after a particularly rough day at work.  And the long rockers (&quot;Over and Over,&quot; &quot;Love to Burn&quot;)  will brand their melodies in your mind and have you humming them for weeks.  Buy this essential 90's recording.
079213690X|5.0|I must speak my mind on the historical accuracy of the film.  Yes, Robert the Bruce and William Wallace knew and respected each other.  The real reason Wallace's wife was killed was because the English already knew of  Wallace's involvement with the rebellion.  Yes, it was probably the Bruce  that knighted him.  No, the Bruce never betrayed him.  Yes, the Bruce was  portrayed in a very unaccurate light in the film.  For instance, there was  a 14 year span between Wallace's execution and Bannockburn, the final scene  of the film.  During these long 14 years the Bruce fought and bled in order  to free Scotland.  The film doesn't show this.  The film also doesnt  portray the fact the Scots were outnumbered 4 to 1 at Bannockburn!  Yet  they managed to make a rout out of it.  The film also mistakes the Bruce  for an inexperienced soldier.  In actuality, he was one of the most feared  men in Britain. He weighed well over 200 pounds and stood at least 6-2.  (quite large in those times)  English soldiers were known to actually run  from him once they recognized him.  Alright, I know I am boasting of the  Bruce, back to the issue at hand.  Just because the film isnt quite  historically correct in the depiction of the Bruce and a few minor details,  it still remains my favorite film of all time.
B000002MZ9|5.0|This is the album that Neil Young does with Pearl Jam. Not only is this one of Neil's better records, it is also Pearl Jam's best record. Yet it is true that not everyone gave this album the positive props that it deserved  when it first came out. Even allmusic.com gave it an average review. But not only does this CD rock from front to back, it is catchy as all heck.  From the weaving \\"Song X\\" to the overtures of \\"Throw Your  Hatred Down,\\" the album is an enjoyable listen. And as with Ragged  Glory, this album's crunchiness in no way stamps out the melody, either. Buy it, dude.
B00000K19E|5.0|Buy it! Buy it! Buy it! NOW!  Best film on DVD!<br />&lt; PrDgY &gt;
B00000K0DT|5.0|killer flick (pun not intended) spacey is amazing, byrne as well... if you did not like it then you either never will or, more likely, you just did not get it - i recommend that you try again
B00000JCB3|4.0|This cd rocked.  It cusses alot so I would get the edited version.  My favorites are Nookie and N 2 gether now.  They are 2 sweet songs.  I would get this cd.  If you liked the 1st cd, u will love this cd.  Peace
B00000K2SC|5.0|This movie is the best movie i'v seen all year. Keano Reeves did a great job in this movie. The plot was so well thought of the only reson it was raited R was for one scene in the middle of the movie when they go into  this bilding and shoot evoryone but they arent people they are robots. I  wouldent recomend this movie to about 7 and under. If you like sci-fi and  suspenceyou will love this movie...
B000000WJZ|5.0|This album is full of angst, a rocked out ride through stifled joy, screaming anger, and a thousand other emotions, all excellently expressed by Corgan's high, sometimes shrill voice and the groups instrumental talent  as a whole. I won't say that this is the best album ever created, or even  the best album ever created by the pumpkins. I believe Mellon Collie gets  the second title because of the sheer volume of good songs. But this is  definitely an album worth getting. If you don't have the 20 odd bucks to  buy Mellon Collie, and you still want to experience wholesome pumpkin  sound, buy Siamese Dream. If you haven't bought any other albums by the  pumpkins, I reccomend you start with this one and see how you like them.
0679746048|1.0|winona ryder is the perfect person to play this role.  she's obnoxious, full of herself and oh so precious.  this book and I'm guessing the movie are a slap in the face to people with real mental problems.
B000000WA4|5.0|Mellon Collie is an infinitely diverse album, full of angst, beauty, and a strong attitude. Delightfully varied, almost bipolar, the heavy metal sections and the softer sections, both vey well orchestrated, provide a  good variety. The perfect CD for just about any mood, as long, as Henry  Ford said, as it's black. Not all of the songs are truly depressing, and  sometimes they can even be uplifting, but how you react to it depends on  your attitude. No matter what your attitude is, though, I guarantee that  you'll enjoy this album for years to come, and perhaps even come to covet  it. Very few of the people I know who own this album lend it out willingly:  They're afraid of losing it and they listen to it quite often.
0679746048|5.0|Personally, this was the book that I waited for all of my life. I was sent the Book On Tape from a family member and I could not press stop on the tape deck. I had to buy the book and read the whole story. Susanna Kaysen  is such a real person, and she gives you an in-depth look into her mind and  the mind of the other women. Each characted is loveable and has either a  hilarious or troubling story to tell, anad Kaysen tells them wonderfully. I  think everyone who reads this book can identify with a part of Kaysen. Two  thumbs way up!
B00000J7JO|5.0|This is an excellent album, and I would reccomend it to any fan of alternative music, RHCP fans or not. Although some songs are better than others, and I did not find all of the tracks appealing, this album is  completely worth buying, and I listen to it regularly. Some fans of earlier  RHCP albums may be surprised by the slight change in style, but they have  merely expanded, and the songs are still great.  If you like it from the  start, you'll keep on liking it, and if you don't like it from the start,  it'll grow on you.
B00000ADG2|1.0|I don't understand what all the excitement is about this album. I found it an absolute waste of time and money. Lauryn Hill has a beautiful voice but she wastes it by rapping. I found maybe two songs that were worth it, but  the rest was disappointing and in fact irritating. Two thumbs down, and you  should think twice about buying this album, because it will find your junk  drawer as a cozy home.
031286504X|5.0|One of the best, if not, the best book I have ever read.  I will say I haven't read the great classics like &quot;Grapes of Wrath&quot; but this is still a really great book.  It is so compelling.
B000000WCX|4.0|Before I say anything else, I gotta say that I like the cover of the cd... The album kicks off with the first single, &quot;Little Wonder&quot;. This is a great track, but it's a little repetitive...&quot;So far away. So far  away......so far away.......so far away.....&quot; &quot;Looking for  Satellites&quot; is a monotonous droning chant, however it is one of the  few songs on the cd that is actually fun to listen to. &quot;Battle for  Britain (The Letter)&quot; is a very catchy song and it would've made a  great single.. There are some interesting lyrics in &quot;Seven Years in  Tibet&quot;, but it is another great song. There's a wonderful saxophone  part in it, and once the song gets going, it really rocks. &quot;Dead Man  Walking&quot; is my favorite song off of the cd. It's another great song  that rocks and has good lyrics. &quot;Telling Lies&quot; is another strong  track that shows off David Bowie's solid songwriting style. Very well sung  too. &quot;The Last Thing You Should Do&quot; is in my opinion the worst  song on here. Maybe it's just a little too techno for me, but I don't like  it.  &quot;I'm Afraid of Americans&quot; is another good song, but I like  the single version better. Trent Reznor does a great job on the backing  vocals on that version. The cd ends with an awesome techno song called  &quot;Law (Earthlings on Fire)&quot;. This song will make you want to go  hit something with a hammer......heh thats supposed to be a compliment.
B00000K2SC|4.0|Although I'm not a big science fiction fan, I really enjoyed this DVD.  Lots of action and special effects to keep your interest.  All the electronic stores in this area use this DVD as a demo.  Buy it and you'll  see why!  Just remember when you view it to ask yourself the question,  &quot;Do you understand what you just saw?&quot;<br />I give it &quot;two  thumbs up!&quot;
B00001OH7P|5.0|If you're a new David Bowie fan, this is the perfect first cd for you to buy... This is very quality songwriting here and this is a masterpiece. &quot;Five Years&quot; is one of my favorite songs EVER. &quot;Lady  Stardust&quot; is another stand out track and &quot;Rock n Roll  Suicide&quot; is just simply fabulous. This is a cd that you can listen to  start to finish over and over and over...
B00000DMJF|1.0|This is without a doubt the greatest album ever if you live in a world of lullabies and skiffle.  These lyrical geniuses as they are so often described are so soley because half-wits give meaning to their nonsensical  lyrics.  It's kind of the magic eye of musical lyrics.  If you listen long  enough and ingest enough dope maybe you'll find meaning in their words  after awhile. That nursery rhyme entitled rocky raccoon should be renamed  &quot; The Curious George Goes to the Saloon Rag&quot;.  But if ever  notice, beatles fans are the same sheep that make it necessary for fast  food joints to offer value meals.   Simply, they need to have someone else  decide what would be good to eat. Well I say this, here's another pellet  for you if your crazy enough to buy it but we already know you will!
B00001OH82|5.0|On this cd, Bowie didn't do anything creative or musically inventive. All he did was write rock songs...very good ones at that. This is such a great cd and all of the songs are worth a listen. There is no concept or any  super deep meaning here, and I guess that's why no one paid attention to  this cd, but anyways no cd collection is complete without this.  &quot;Prisoner of Love&quot; is most likely the greatest love song ever  written. &quot;Bus Stop&quot; is another excellent song and so is  &quot;Amazing&quot;. This cd rocks harder than any of Bowie's previous  albums, and I guess that's why I like it. If you like Bowie and rock n  roll, this is a must have.
B000002HD5|5.0|Gentlemen, by the Afghan Whiggs is the most accurate portrayal on record of a relationship gone bad...really bad. G.D. hits the nail on the head as far as the obsession, regret, co-dependent, unhealthy company, love as a drug thing goes. The gentlemen wants to care, but just can't seem to do so.  It's a shame that there are men out there like the one(s) described on this  alblum...but in the same breath, Greg Duli is a genius for being able to  tap into that persona and keep it honest. One of my top three favorites of  all time. Whenever i'm down, it gives me the power to just not care.
068484267X|5.0|I kept hearing about and seeing this book, and I wondered who this fellow was( I had never heard of him), and why I would be interested in reading about his life. Now, after picking it up and reading it, I can honestly  tell you that few books have affected me the way this one has.<br />For those  who love the language, you're struck with the beauty of the writing, but  most importantly you feel helpless as you grow up with McCourt. It's true,  everybody has a story to tell, but this one is most special. He has a gift,  and I am glad he shared it with us.<br />Put it in your shopping cart now.  It's as close to literature as we've produced here in a long time.
0393312836|5.0|This book is real horrorshow!  I loved it
B000000OA6|5.0|In response to the &quot;editorial review&quot; given above... &quot;Bijou&quot; is a blunder?  Horribly scrawny guitar layers?  Did this person listen to the same song I did?  I thought the guitar was rich and  beautiful, rising and falling, creating almost a 3D effect of sound rays  and waves.  The centerpiece created by Freddie's singing was perfect, a  counterpoint to the main performance, which is Brian's guitar.  Bijou is a  highly expressive, daring, inspired piece of music.  Have a heart!  As for  the rest of the album, it is pure Queen, and tremendously entertaining for  being so.  It is also poignant and touching in many places.  A keeper.
B000000OAL|5.0|This is an incredible debut for an amazing band.  They are diverse in both lyric and music. This album has more of a rock feel to it and should please all Queen fans.  They did go off the deep end at times with albums like  Queen 2.  This one is a solid album.
0062513982|2.0|After hearing so many good things about The Alchemist and other Coelho works, I was eager to pick up a copy of Piedra at a local used book store.... then I started reading it, and I got over the whole 'eager'  thing. I found this book profoundly underwhelming, profoundly un-profound.  Maybe something got lost in the translation; far from seeming 'resonant',  the spare, sparse, bare-bones narration and dialogue just felt dull and  ineffectual. So the writing style wasn't all that innovative or noteworthy;  the characters were sketchy, and as a result, the plot's dramatic climax  had no emotional impact. Again, the flat writing style made the book's  outcome appear arbitrary - he leaves, he stays, who cares? The two  characters probably should have skipped the religious lecture circuit and  signed up at A.A. in the first place.
B000009ED0|5.0|I think this album is awesome because it shows his real roots and he does a great job expressing himself and he also has an awesome beat to all of his songs
B00000ADG2|5.0|This is probably my most favorite C.D. ever.  I have been listening to it since last Christmas and I am still not sick of it.  I would definately recommend this to anyone who enjoyed the Fugees of Wyclef Jean.  Her smooth  voice and wonderful lyrics combine to make an awesome C.D.  Try it out!
B0000009SI|2.0|When one has listened many times to all of Zappa's albums, (well over 70 at last count), this one fits comfortably into the average range.  It is one of his musically least adventuresome albums--compared to the musical  highpoints of his career, this one is FZ on autopilot.  The lyrics are a  matter of personal taste, but certainly lack the bite or insightful social  or political commentary of his best lyrics.  Zappa himself referred to the  lyrics of &quot;Don't Eat the Yellow Snow&quot; as &quot;really  stupid&quot; during a live version on one of the &quot;You Can't Do That On  Stage Any More&quot; albums.  &quot;Apostrophe&quot; is pleasant,  appealing, safe Zappa.  The one exception is the title cut, which features  some fired up jamming and some seriously intense guitar soloing--it rises  above the pedestrian stuff around it.  This may be the Zappa album that  most people have heard, but when it came out, serious Zappa fans who had  been listening from the beginning dismissed it as a trivial toss off that  would hopefully be only an aberration  until Zappa got back to his usual  standard of quality.  It's certainly a nice thing to have on in the house  while you are doing the dishes.  There are other Zappa albums which make  you drop any dish you are washing and stand there with rapt attention to  the music.
0131103628|4.0|For experienced programmers, this book provides the day to day reference information that keeps businesses afloat.  This is not a book from which to learn C due to the lack of examples and thorough explanation.  A great  compromise book is Kelly and Pohls &quot;A Book On C&quot; which maintains  the reference like compact-ness (no 1000 page manual here) while offering  enough examples and explanations to effectively assist the novice  programmer.  Kelly and Pohl get 5 stars.
B000006MV8|5.0|Badfinger holds special memories for me, as it was the first rock concert I ever attended back in January 1973 at the Aragon theatre in Chicago... I had been hearing them all over the radio and I had just bought the  album,when it was announced they were coming to town.  They were the  headliners and the performance still stands out for me all these many years  later...This album was by far their best work...and belongs in the  collection of all rock fans...It was a shame they got screwed by their  managers and Warner brothers.....part of which led to the suicides of Pete  Ham and Tom Evans....One can only wonder what Music we never got to hear  ......
630471193X|5.0|While not usually caring for a Travolta Movie, I found this one to be different.. A good movie with a powerful message..  This is the only Travolta movie that I own..
0425107469|5.0|This is a very exciting book. I truly loved it. It grabbed me from the beginning and I just couldn't put it down. This book gives it all a little comedy, suspense, sympathy. A &quot;must read&quot;!
B00000J7J7|5.0|Beautiful, an absolute must for any piano fan, these tunes grew on me. At first, I saw no form in them, after about 3-4 listens they  became profoundly clear. So will they to you, I suspect, you shall grow to love 'em. I can't for the life of me get track 6&amp;8 out of my head.Hauntingly  cool,inspirational grooves. Listen to this work while drinking wine alone,  or, while in the dark with a special lady.But, for the sake of all which is  cool,.. buy this c.d.!Mega-sweet, dude.A mighty fine groove, even for the  most uncool dude.
B000002LCU|5.0|Amazingly, George's last solo album, now over 12 years old.  I can't believe it's not available in the states; it ranks right up there with vastly underrated George Harrison and ATMP as his best work.  Some of this  album sounds a bit calculated (Fish On the Sand, When We Was Fab), but  that's OK, because it still works as good music.  And who has more right to  steal from the Beatles legacy?  Even though I don't normally like Jeff Lynn  productions (I HATE what he did with Free As A Bird and Real Love), I have  to admit that the sound of this album was effective.  Let's hope for a  resurgence of interest in Harrison's catalog in the States.  Truly a shame  to have so little of his output available.
B00002E233|5.0|i was stuck in my seat for the whole film, i picked up the box to read it, but i just starred at the screen 30 mins later i realised i was still holding the box, i put it down and continued watching the film. this is one  amazing film, so watch it buy it what ever, just, make sure you watch it.  now now i tell you noooooooooowwwwwwwwwww
B000005RTG|5.0|This album combines a purple lineup that was not very popular. It is however full of talent. As this lineup Rocks with a mix of blues/rock with a hint of early rock funk. Sweet harmonies for a hard rock album. overall I  would say this is one of there best works.
B000001EXB|5.0|As I do with most new CDs I purchase, I placed this one in my car CD player and figured I'd give it 2 or 3 times through.  But this collection of songs is different.  It was like a book that I could not put down, I  just kept listening again and again. I have been an Elton John fan for 25  years and have listened to every album/CD.  This ranks right up there with  the best.  His voice has such a rich quality to it, he just seems to get  better with age.  Listen to this CD one or two times through, and you'll be  hooked.
B000002UJQ|5.0|All I can say is that somehow the members of Radiohead snuck into my room one night, scanned the contents of my soul, and recorded an album about what they found.  Any true music fan should have this album, and its  predecessor The Bends, in their collection!
B000021Y74|5.0|Run Lola Run is a German import film with an edge.  Lola, the girlfriend of small-time dealer Manni, is faced with a difficult decision: how can she get 100,000 Deutsche marks to Manni, across town, in 20 minutes?  Where  will she get the money?  And will she get it to him before he decides to  find his own way of getting the money?  The film presents the audience with  a possible outcome, and then says, &quot;What if something different  happened... like ----&quot;, and makes you realize that every event, no  matter how insignificant it may seem at first, has a drastic effect on the  outcome.  Run Lola Run is funny and fast-paced, driven by its techno  soundtrack.  Even if you don't like techno, this action-thriller will keep  you entertained.
B000002UCQ|5.0|Message to EMI/Capital: The 30th Anniversary of the album approaches - why don't you do something right with SOMETHING in the Beatles/ex-Beatles catalog?   Why not remix/remaster this wonderful album, include some  outtakes and those wonderful demos, and put it in a full-size box that  would include the original artwork and poster, as well as a book with  pictures and information from the historic sessions?<br />Put a reasonable  price-tag on it and you'd sell a bunch.  Plus be doing posterity and  George's fans a BIG favor.
0684800713|4.0|I'm never sure where all the poo-pah comes from respecting this novel!  Just get this:  Lady Brett Ashley is worth dropping a ten spot herself.  Read for, what's that fancy term, the spirit of the age.  Get a look at our  expatriates; they're fascinating!   It's not a &quot;gift&quot; book--but  for the person who knows the person within, you won't slide off the trail.
B000001EYO|3.0|When I saw the movie I was excited because I heard the song &quot;I Hate You&quot; by the legendary 60's garage-punk group, The Monks, playing in the background at the bowling alley.  Lo and behold, it didn't make the  soundtrack.  The Monks will get their due one day.  You probably never  heard of them, but I hear Danny DeVito has bought the rights to their  biography, and wants to make a movie out of it.  Hopefully it will happen,  and then everybody will know who they are.
B000031XCR|4.0|From'Where Does My Heart Beat Now',her first Top 5 US Single to 'I'm Your Angel',her 4th #1 US Single,Celine had indeed made her way to the top of the chart.Between 1996-1999,Celine had sold 23 million records in the  states,more than any female artist at that moment.This week,'All the  Way...Decade Of Song' stand at #1 on top of the Billboard Top 200 Album  Chart,selling more than 536000 copies.In total of 5 weeks,Celine had  chalked up sales of 2 million records alone in US.The album also made a  debut at #1 on the UK Top 75 Albums Chart.'My Heart Will Go On'(track 7)  set the soundtrack of the #1 Movie Of All Time-Titanc remaining at the top  of Billboard Top 200 for 16 consecutive weeks,selling 10 million copies in  the states.'My Heart Will Go On' also became the first song to debut at #1  on top of the Billboard Top 75 Airplay, A feat not easily achieved!Apart  from the 2 songs,the other 7 greatest hits of Celine Dion are really  fantastic ,written and produced by today's hottest composer and  producers,like David Foster(The Power Of Love),Diane Warren(Because You  Loved Me).Her new song 'That's The Way It Is' written and produced by Max  Martin,Who also produced Britney Spears '...Baby One More Time'Album,and  Backstreet Boys'Millineium' album,gave everyone a different feel of  Celine,also proving that Celine is capable of adapting to different style  of expressing herself.'That's The Way It Is'is quite catchy,somehow it just  set you dancing and grooving with the music.I does that,do you?This album  has offered more than you ever asked for,other new songs like 'If Walls  Could Talk','All The Way' are certainly of great hit potential.I would  considered grading the album with 5 stars if the song'Where Does My Heart  Beat Now'were include in the album.
B00000K2SC|5.0|This is an aweome movie! The filming, special effects, and plot were excellent.<br />If I could I would have given it 10 stars
B00000IPAX|1.0|I like punk music, not pop. Before they were on MTV, they were punk. Soon, they thought they needed more listeners or $, so they changed their music and made a video. They did this so people would like their music and buy  their cds. They changed from punk to posers. This album is pop music. If  you like pop, buy it. If you like punk, don't buy it and instead, buy their  cds Buddah or Dude Ranch. Simple as that.
6303481272|5.0|This story has everything.  Love, blood, adventure, and glory.  A very well organized plot with several interesting characters.  Jubei Kimagami, Koga Ninja Kagero, and the eight devils of Kimon will make you want to see  this movie several times.  If you want to follow the plotline, pay  attention. (just like in any anime).  If you are bored and just want to see  some action, sit back and relax.  This movie is ideal for anytime. The time  period in which it is set is perfect as well.  The only fault this movie  has is that we never see the &quot;Shogun of the Dark,&quot; but he isn't  really all that necessary anyway.  Besides, when you leave a character  often referred to but never seen out of the movie, that leaves us with a  perfect antagonist for a sequel.
B00000DCER|5.0|Definitely put this album in the same category as Mr Lucky - John Lee Hooker's music and talent never ceases to amaze me.  Great album that offers variety and something for everyone.
0790739909|5.0|City of Angels was a very carefully crafted tale of romance.  Meg Ryan's beautiful looks and great acting skills made her an enchanting character.  This is a movie for all who yearn for that one person that can comfort  them.  It dealt with Nicolas Cage's desire to be with Meg Ryan's character  Maggie, even though his angelhood prevented it.  I just thought that the  love between them was intense.  Nick's character Seth goes through  everything just to be with one person, the person he loves.  When they  finally come together you can feel a magical love in the air.  It's a movie  that makes you cry, smile, and remember that there is hope that one day you  will find true love.
B00000AFWW|5.0|This has got to be the greatest CD I have ever been given as a gift. I can't count how many times I've given it as a gift. The lyrics contained in Celebrity Skin fit any mood, any time. There is not one song on the CD that  is light in content or music, and not one song will be skipped. I can tell  you from firsthand experience straight out of the mosh-pit at their  Cleveland show this summer, that Hole totally rocks. And, after meeting the  band after the show, they were even better. Buy it.
B00000JCOV|5.0|I think this album is great. The percussionists sound cool. # 11 has a great beggining. All of the songs are good. The only problem is that i can't listen to it around parents, so i have to keep the volume low. Great  album, go get it.
6303212379|5.0|I first watched this movie when i was 11, it is such a fantastic movie. Now 7 years later I still love this movie. Its about a group of young kids that go out on an adventure. They find a map which leads them through a  great maze of traps and bad people. The laughs are many with characters  such as the portly CHUNK and a young Corey Feldman. I have watched this  film at least 30 times and it never gets boring. If you haven't seen it  what are you waiting for.
B000003TA2|5.0|If you wanna see what Sonic Youth is all about, I'd say this is the LP to get.  They experiment with song structure (i.e. they actually use song structure) to great result.  Even the extended feedback they indulge in is  bliss.  SY &amp; the Pixies truly set the scene for the alternative  revolution of the 90s, so you need this.  Afterwards, I'd suggest Daydream  Nation, which is considered the SY &quot;masterpiece&quot; but definitely  takes repeated listenings to fully appreciate.
B000002C1W|3.0|For a lover of Pink Floyd, this album is difficult to swallow, although it was entertaining to see performed live.  In their first attempt to put together an album after Roger Waters' departure, the remaining Floydians  search the stratosphere for melodies and generally come up lacking.  The  dominance of guitarist David Gilmour becomes a bit oppressive, particularly  towards the end of the album, where the songs become downright depressing.   Dogs of War is one of the better tracks, which features a hypnotic,  thumping bassline and some soaring guitar work from Gilmour.  It segues  into a psuedo-Dark Side sound effects collage which leads into One Slip,  which sounds a little bit too much like Pete Townshend's Give Blood to be a  mere coincidence (Gilmour collaborated with Pete on White City: A Novel) It  probably wasn't an intentional pilfering, but it does point out how  hard-pressed the Floyd were to find good material.  On the Turning Away and  Learning to Fly were the songs that got the most radio airplay, the latter  having gotten a lot of mileage from the MTV video that appeared in the same  time frame.  Gilmour and Co. sligthly redeemed themselves on the follow-up,  The Division Bell.
6300214826|5.0|This is the best movie I've EVER seen (all 300 times).  My first copy had all that special effects (napalm explosions etc.)at the end (during the credits). I loaned it to a (so-called) friend and he lost it. I haven't  been able to find this version since. I am totally heart broken at the loss  of this copy of  APOCOLYPSE NOW..........
6303109950|5.0|Tombstone was probably one of the best westerns I have ever seen.  Every one played their parts to the tee.  This has to be Val Kilmer's best performance to date--he brought Doc Holiday back to life!  The storyline  was practically flawless as were the acting, scenery and direction. This is  the only western I can watch over and over again. This is a must-have for  all who love the western genre.
0783225970|5.0|What a movie this is. If you haven't seen this movie you are missing out on one of the best mob fims ever. The story of Tony Montana, a young Cuban coming to America to fullfill his dream. To get the money the power and the  women. Al Pacino as always is excellent, he truly shows his excellent  acting abilities in this film. Michelle Pfeiffer also makes an appearance  in this film as Pacino's love interest. Its along film, almost 3 hours but  it goes by very quickly. Some key words that desrcibe this move are:  power,money,drugs,sex,violence and definetely not for the faint hearted. I  would highly reccomend you buy the dvd copy from right here at Amazon.  Watch it with your mates.
0446525537|5.0|I have read all three of Nicholas Sparks' books.  I loved and hated them all.  Mr. Sparks, please, will you write one book that won't cause me to cry through its final 20 pages? Sentimental, predictable at times, but a  wonderful novel.  I swore I'd never read another Sparks' book as I once  again emptied a box of tissues, but I am eagerly awaiting his next one.   Great book.
B000002UAU|5.0|Sgt. Pepper was the first CD I ever bought (along with Never Mind The Bollocks).  I always preferred the &quot;other&quot; songs on SP, like Fixing A Hole and Within You Without You to the  &quot;masterpieces.&quot;<br />But my favorite memory of Sgt. Pepper is from  when I lived in Nepal for two years (Peace Corps): one of my Nepalese  neighbors had rooster that crowded EXACTLY LIKE the rooster than opens the  Good Morning track (until they ate him).<br />And yes, Pet Sounds was good, I  admit; but Pet Sounds never said anything when you played it backwards.
B000000OAA|5.0|I love this album. This is better than &quot;ANATO&quot;.Every single track is excellent. One of the reviewers suggested that Queen never had a 5-star album. He's obviously not a Queen fan. This album has metal, soft  ballads, and other genres that I can't even categorize. But it's absolutely  breathtaking, and so is anything that Queen released. I can't pick  favorites because I'll probably end up listing every track on the  album.<br />QUEEN is the best band in the world!
B000002ITG|5.0|Well what can you say about Led Zeppelin that no one already knows. They absolutely positively rock. The man to thank for this brilliant CD is Jimmy Page, the God on the guitar and the backbone of the band. In this cd jimmy  displays his absolute best. The best way to describe this cd is old  classics remastered for the 90's. The crisp clear sound only makes you  appreciate the music more. My only advice is to quickly GO BUY THIS CD!   STILL HERE  GO I SAID GO
B000002L5I|4.0|Man, can this kid play or what!  I consider myself to be somewhat cultured when it come to the blues.  I've seen the best of them live before and thought I would be disappointed seeing KWS, especially going to see him at  a county fair in the middle of Nebraska but I'd have to say I was genuinely  impressed.  Not much for a stage show, but hey, I come to hear the music,  not to see someone jump all over the stage.  What you hear on the cd is  what I heard in person, only better.  Just a great live performance! Buy  this cd!  I know it quickly became one of my favorites!
B000002MP2|5.0|green day is the best band ever and basket case is the best along with all of the other songs they have on here
0553274503|5.0|Charlie Gordon starts out a 32 year old man suffering from mental retardation. His family rejected him and he lived with his Uncle Herman until the time of his death. working at Donner's bakery, he made a living. Then, he is offered the chance to become smart like everyone around him. He  obviously jumps at the chance and takes the operation. His progress  report/diary charts his ascent and then decline throughout the experiment.  I highly reccomend this book if you are interested in psychology or  analysis and it is a must have for psychology majors at college.
B000009EHU|4.0|I am 18 and I recently watched the movie for the first time. I guess it was a good film but I was a little dissapointed. People kept telling me that I would be scared out of my mind, but frankly it wasn't all that bad.  It was more informative and mind opening than scary. Brilliant performances  from Blair and the priest dude. Everyone should watch this film and make up  their own minds
0671015206|5.0|Let's face it - very few people are able to create mass amounts of wealth through vehicles other than lifetime saving.  While people like Bill Gates and Michael Dell won't find much value in this book; the rest of us  certainly will.<br />This book beautifully illustrates what separates those of  us who become wealthy from those of us who don't.  It usually has little to  do with your level of income (although this certainly helps); but instead  has more to do with the lifestyle you maintain.  Central theme: frugal  living leads to wealth.<br />While none of the information provided is ground  breaking(in fact, it's nothing more than common sense), it's offered in a  manner that is fun to read and somehow adds value to the information  provided.<br />In a society in which we are encouraged to spend money on  material objects so that we can keep up with our neighbors next door, this  book certainly serves as a positive confirmation for living a more  financially reasonable lifestyle.
B000001EAQ|5.0|This is diffently the best one yet for U2.  &quot;If God Will Send His Angels&quot;  is ingenious in describing the economical problems in society.  &quot;The Playboy Mansion&quot;, I listen to that one at least  three times a week, it's kind of inspiring to me.  I would recommend this  CD to anyone who appreciates great music from the masters of great music  the masters U2.
0446310786|5.0|To Kill A Mockingbird is an excellent novel about prejudice in the southern Alabama town of Maycomb in the 1930s.  Harper Lee shows prejudice with the trial of a black man in which a white lawyer, Atticus Finch (the  father of young Scout, from whom which the story is told), is appointed to  defend him. Tom Robinson, the black man being falsely accused of rape, and  the Finches' neighbor, Boo Radley (an outcast of the community and very  taciturn in nature) are the symbols in this novel.  In the beginning/middle  of the novel Atticus tells Scout and Jem (his children) never to shoot a  mockingbird. Jem questions why not and Atticus replies not to because  mockingbirds never harm any one or thing, they just sing beautiful music.  When Tom Robinson is convicted, it is symbolic of killing a mockingbird.  Later in the novel, Boo Radley must kill Bob Ewell because he tried to kill  Scout and Jem, however, the sheriff (Heck Tate) makes up a story that Bob  fell on his knife, because if he told the community that Boo had killed  him, it would have thrown Boo into the limelight and would have also been  like killing a mockingbird. I strongly suggest to read this book, it is a  wonderful novel.
0152465030|5.0|The most wonderful book written not only for children but adults alike.  This book teaches humans to look beneathe the surface, to love one another and that life has a purpose.  The best book anyone could read!
B00000IP2L|4.0|Ditching the southern rock, and acoustic guitars, Sir Zakk Wylde dishes up his heavitest, brutalest, sonically-charged dose of metal anyone has heard in a long time.  Alot heavier than the music he played and made with the  Ozzmeister, that's Nelson music in comparison to this record.  Zakk goes  Wylde all over this one,  makin' heads roll with track #1 Bored to Tears.  And he never lets up after that assault.  Born to Lose, Peddlers of Death,  Mother Mary, Lost My Better Half, ehat the heck, all these songs are  terRIFFic.  The music is powerful and Zakk has become a stronger lyricalist  and is improving over the lackluster Pride &amp; Glory and Book of Shadows.   And one that wants the real deal Wylde-y coyote-feel, pick this up and  turn it up LOUD.
B000002OX7|5.0|As the previous 80+ reviews should tell you, this has been the greatest album in rock since 1971 - by rock's greatest band. Lead vocals, lead guitar, lead bass, and lead drums, Who's Next is rock at it's finest. This  re-master is the news post-1996. The original material stands by itself in  it's musical, lyrical, and spiritual power. The bonus tracks only add to  this albums' lustre. Less only Glyn Johns' engineering talent, they crank  at any volume. The Who can give us no less.<br />Need an antidote to the 90's?  Pull your GTO up  to a stoplight and put this cd in the stereo when  the  light turns green. Your heart will soar and your ears will shred just as  quickly as the  tires ...
068483605X|5.0|This is a classic children's tale, but I swear that few stories are as compelling for adults as well.  Yes, it's a story about bunny rabbits; but before you know it they've become real, viable characters that you care  about.  It's easy to suspend your disbelief and immserse yourself in the  world of Hazel, Fiver, and the rest.  Great book.
B000002IZ4|5.0|&quot;Purple&quot;, STP's sophomore effort, clears away the stereotypical &quot;slump&quot;.  This is perhaps their greatest work.  The musical maturity of the band is so apparent on this album.  Taking the time to  experiment with arrangements and sounds, STP produced a classic.  The power  of &quot;Vasoline&quot; is equally balanced by the ballad-sounds of  &quot;Interstate Love Song&quot;, and the funky &quot;Pretty Penny&quot;.   Such a great music album, &quot;Purple&quot; is an incredible follow up to  &quot;Core&quot;.  This is an STP fan staple, and if you like somewhat  offbeat music with a conventional foundation, you'll love  &quot;Purple&quot;.
B000021Y77|5.0|I bought this movie immediately, because I was so taken with it. The movie follows the course of Lola, as she races through ______ (?), Germany, to get 100,000 Marks to her boyfriend Manni. The story is told 3 different  times, each one with a surprise twist ending. In addition, the director  uses some excellent techniques. For example, when Lola interacts with  another character, the director will sometimes follow that character for a  bit. Often, he used a camcorder to film this, which resutls in an  interesting effect. In addition, when Lola interacts with a character, the  director often does &quot;And Then&quot;. &quot;And Then&quot; is when he  quickly (in less than 15 seconds) tells what happens to that character by  using a series of photos that each last on the screen for less than 1  second each. One woman that Lola runs into has three different &quot;And  Then&quot; sequences, all of which are related to Lola but are very  different. I really liked Sliding Doors, but this movie is much better.  Finally, I would recommend getting this on DVD, not VHS, because there is  an interesting commentary track with the director and Franka Potente  (Lola).
B000021Y77|5.0|I have never seen a movie like this before! The pace of this film is frantic, and the rapid-fire visual images made me feel tired at the end. For people who do not speak German, this film will still provide action and  entertainment. &quot;Lola Rennt&quot; is like &quot;Groundhog Day&quot; and  &quot;Pulp Fiction&quot; combined. If you can imagine that.
B000005J56|5.0|Ry Cooder definately struck gold in putting together this group. Barbarito Torres on the laute is exceptional and the singing, very profession. I can see why this album has brought so much attention to Cuban Music, especially  the &quot;soneros.&quot;
B00002ZMNW|5.0|Symphony and Metallica together?  well it's no joke!  This is one of the greates combinations that i've ever heard/seen. This is a majestic show, living behind the pyro that Metallica uses, in a theater, with an orchestra  in the back. The sound is great, the ilumination is awsome, It's a show  where Metallica plays at their finnest. This is why they are considered the  kings of metal. They were greately tunned, timed, and playing the right  cords and riffs at the right moment. It's a must see show. Never have i  seen something like that, I have seen them twice already, and this show  makes the difference. The video is better than the CD, can't wait for the  DVD.
B00000K3CR|5.0|big is one of the most creative films ive seen in years and has an added in subtle comedy to it.  good for any funloving person who knows what its like to be a kid.
B0000046ZJ|5.0|The Oscar Peterson Trio never sounded so good.  What a beautiful blending of melody and rhythm this group has.  An atomic clock could be set with what Oscar, Ray and Herb do.  The addition of Stan Getz's melodic ideas  makes this CD a true joy.  One gets the impression from how Oscar sometimes  starts his solos by quoting the previous soloist that the guy can play  almost anything that happens to enter his head.
0440213525|3.0|This book was a typical Grisham book full of suspense, action and of course lawyers.  It was pretty good.  I would definitely recommend reading the Partner over the Client.  This book was not as great due to the fact  that it was one of his early books.  The older he has gotten the better the  books are.  Still it is fairly good book, if its your first Grisham read  the Firm.
B000023VR6|4.0|it's a tight a$$ cd but dre should form a new nwa group featuring snoop and cube that'll be phat or maybe not
1573300403|5.0|As a Jacskon fan I am slightly biased. It makes a big difference if you can play it on a decent system in DVD. The MTV awards track are my favourite. I have studied that moonwalking dancing for a long time, and can  now master it pretty well. The video (better on DVD) is best described as  inspirational. I've played it 100's of times. He is the main man for me.  You won't be disappointed.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This great concept album by the definitive metal band of the past two decades will give the hardcore metal heads even more reasons to cry &quot;sell-out&quot;! However, Metallica shows a new side of their  creativity with S&amp;M, and yes, even the &quot;wimpy&quot; violins and  orchestral arrangements show each Metallica classic its true colors. Songs  like &quot;Battery&quot; and &quot;Master of Puppets&quot; will sound  strange to the Metallica fan's ear, but I beg you to stick with it . . . A  great album by one the best bands alive!
B00002Z88D|5.0|Excellent. The two totally different worlds melt together perfectly. Brillant. Well done. Does appear that the audio on the second cd is clearer, and crisper. the vocals are better heard on the second cd. No  complaints. Great buy. Great car nusic.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This great concept album by the definitive metal band of the past two decades will give the hardcore metal heads even more reasons to cry &quot;sell-out&quot;! However, Metallica shows a new side of their  creativity with S&amp;M, and yes, even the &quot;wimpy&quot; violins and  orchestral arrangements show each Metallica classic its true colors. Songs  like &quot;Battery&quot; and &quot;Master of Puppets&quot; will sound  strange to the Metallica fan's ear, but I beg you to stick with it . . . A  great album by one the best bands alive!
0385486804|4.0|My second Krakauer book (after Into Thin Air) prooved to be an interesting tale about teenage angst gone terribly awry.<br />This book is more morbidly fascinating than anything else.  It is a journey into the psyche of a young  man who, with seemingly all of the advantages that late Twentiety Century  America can arm one with, decides to disappear into the flotsam of the  country playing the part of an enlightened hobo (he takes the moniker  'supertramp' as a way to christen his new identity).<br />The reader will  continually wonder &quot;why&quot; and it is difficult not to blame the  supertramp for the fate that awaits him.<br />Still, the book provides an  interesting look at Americans and American life not usually written about.  I found the stories of the supertramps friends and companions, and how they  went about living as interesting as the subject's story.<br />The final few  chapters dealing with the young man's final foray into the Alaskan  wilderness are particularly intersting.  It is tough though, to be  sympathetic to one who ignores all of the warning signs of danger and  refuses to make any moves that serve his long-term interests (being simple  survival).  The reader becomes aware that he is watching what could be  described as a protracted suicide disguised as noble adventure in the mind  of the supertramp.<br />This is a combined tale of adventure and folly.  Interesting, but a very different adventure than presented in Krakauer's  previous book &quot;Into Thin Air.&quot;
B0000365JA|5.0|Even if u don't luv BA, this is a MUST BUY!  Just one album, u could enjoy the greatest, the best of this lovely Canadian rocker. Including his huge success from the 80's to the millennium. this is an album u shouldn't miss,  if u love music or not!  Besides, the graphics r great!
B000002HHB|5.0|My absolute favorite song on this album is Where I Go.  When Natalie talks about the cool rushing water it is so visual I can imagine being at that stream.  The song is very Joni Mitchell-ish to me. River makes me cry as  does Beloved Wife.  Cowboy Romance is very sad but too often true.   Carnival is fun to sing along with and dance to.  The entire album has a  deserty south western Native American feel to it. Natalie is a poetic  genius she works hard writing her lyrics and it shows. She is extremely  giffted and very talented.
078322947X|5.0|Forget &quot;Wages of Fear&quot; for a moment and look at the merits of the DVD release of William Friedkin's &quot;Sorcerer.&quot;<br />I would have overlooked this film had Siskold and Ebert not flagged it as an under-rated  film and under-rated it is.  I caught it on HBO and later purchased the  Laserdisc.<br />But the DVD is a step up from there. The color is excellent  and the DVD sound is spectacular with the score by Tangerine Dream.  Vivid  is the word.<br />Friedkin, who cut his teeth in commercial television,  doggedly sticks to his 1:1.33 aspect ratio for this release, but one sees  his way of looking at the scenes in this way.<br />And, oh the cargo!  Cases  of sensitive dynamite leaking nitroglycerine carried in two trucks driving  15 minutes apart over &quot;pre-Columbian&quot; roads for 200 miles through  a South American jungle past, over, or through every danger one can  imagine.  Dynamite truckers are sometimes called &quot;suicide  jockies&quot; even on regular roads.  This is downright kamakazi.<br />Once  the journey starts and Tangerine Dream plays the score, it becomes a white  knuckle journey not only for the drivers, but for the audience as well.  Not good men (after all their are on the lam) but I wound up caring for all  of them -- and that says something for the way Friedkin draws the viewer  in.<br />Perhaps the &quot;superior characterization&quot; of the earlier film  appeals to those who like the personal stories and certainly there is a  place for that, but for the raw imagery of the journey, &quot;Wages&quot;  does not touch Sorcerer.  If anything, both films should be seen and  enjoyed, each for their different focus.<br />I especially liked the opened  ended ending of Sorcerer -- open to debate -- does the theme music mean the  end, or yet another spin of the wheel?<br />Is this a never-ending story?  Is  it the story of &quot;everyman?&quot;
B0000203Y5|5.0|The story of these long forgotten but incredibly talented musicians is both fascinating and touching.  They have had so little in their lives, yet have truly lived their lives to the fullest.  The music in the film is  terrific.
B000001Y16|5.0|This is a must have for any 2pac fan.  Out of all the CDs I have of 2pac Shakur, this is one of the best along with Greatest Hits (CD1).  I just brought &quot;Still I Rise&quot; yesterday, so I don't know if I can still say that this is the best...but truly, if this isn't the best, then it is  up there with the best.  Stop looking at the review and just buy it for  2pac's sake!   Songs are tight, especally the intro (don't want to ruin it  for you).  And my favorites from this CD is White Men's World and Me and my  GirlFriend.  But my all time favorite is Uncondition Love and I Ain't Mad  At Ya.  If you haven't brought Greatest Hits either then buy it too!          Ohh and by the way, while I'm typing...I believe that Tupac Shakur isn't  dead, and that his new CD is not the unreleased tracks...I'm a  believe...whatever the reason for 2Pac to fake his death, I'm with  ya...2Pac RULES!  Email me at tupacchangez@aol.com if you have  comments or questions.
0446607274|5.0|Connelly continues his first rate series concerning Harry Boesch and the L.A.P.D. As usual with Connelly, the plotting is tight and the story moves at a fast pace. This Boesch story is especially compelling with its focus  on the Los Angeles racial tensions between Blacks and the Police. A  prominent Black attorney is murdered on the eve of an important civil  rights case which may seriously tarnish the reputation of the L.A.P.D.  Connelly masterfully mines this fertile material for maximum impact and  relevance to the current racial climate in Los Angeles. As usual, Harry  Boesch is an excellent character who brings some compassion and humanity  into another ugly situation. This is one of Connelly's best books.
B00002Z88D|4.0|I have been a Metallica fan since 1983, and this is one their best efforts yet. The combination of a symphony orchestra and Metallica's gritty, raw, metal sound is unbeatable. Whether or not you like new or old Metallica  this album is for you. No collection of metal would be complete without it.
0684857219|5.0|I have been training for five years now.  The information and knowledge contained in this book is worth its weight in gold.  Gives many different perspectives and angles on almost every body part.
0140042520|5.0|The joy and sadness of life is just that. After reading the Dharma Bums I decided I would go hiking and meditate alone for the millineum. Anyone who has ever pondered life, religion, lonliness or love would understand Jack's  struggles. He lays out his feelings on all these subjects with the brutal  honesty that only our hero can. The sadness is that he tried to replace his  zealous nature with Zen, but his wanderings had just begun. Great therapy  for the Budding Buddhist or the Born-again Beat.
0684872153|5.0|made me laugh and cry - i will remember this book for years to come and have recommended to all my friends.
B000023VR6|5.0|IF you liked The Chronic album then youll love this CD. Dre makes every one who ever said he lost it, feel stupid
B000021XR5|2.0|I've always enjoyed STPs tracks and I read the  Rolling Stone reviews which said &quot;they have saved  rock and roll...&quot; or something like that.  All of thr tracks sound the same. Vocals are very much blah sey and  often muffled, depressing in a way,  but maybe that was the intent.  The  instrumental portion was mostly disappointing.  I expected heart pounding  beats and crashing guitar licks.  All I heard was techno-fusion rock, no  identity.  I hate to coin the phrase, &quot;it all sounded the same&quot;  but that just about sums it up.  If rock and roll was meant to be saved,  this CD won't do it.
B00001R3GI|5.0|This album is just amazing. After one listen you'll probably be sick, after two you'll probably be wondering why you listened to it again...after about ten, you'll begin saying to yourself &quot;Man, I really love this  album!&quot; It's very hard to explain. It's one of those works that just  &quot;grows on you&quot;. I've had it for almost three years now and it  still has not gotten old. It's an album which one must really listen to  from beginning to end each time. While there are a few good songs which  could be considered to stand on their own (Tumbling Dice, Sweet Virginia),  most of the songs give energy to one another. Meaning here is found more in  the music itself than the lyrics, as more than half the time you probably  won't have a clue what Mick's saying. This I think in a way allows you to  make up your own personal lyrics to the swaying mood of the music. And the  music is truly great, reminiscent of everything from country to gospel.  You'll still know it's the Stones though, pure and true. Ain't nothin' that  really compares with this spectacular album - listen to it for the tenth  time - you'll start realizing what I'm talkin' about.
B00000J7J4|4.0|After hearing this so-called &quot;Latin pop explosion&quot; of Ricky Martin, Jennufer Lopez, and whatnot, it shocks me how absolutely none of it sounds like real Latin music. Is there really anything Latin about &quot;Waiting For Tonight&quot; or &quot;Livin' La Vida Loca&quot;? I'm  serious! (Excuse me while I digress here, but you want real Latin music try  the &quot;Buena Vista Social Club&quot; album! It's great! It's a classic!  It was recorded by a bunch of 90 year old Cubans!  Or better yet, if you  haven't seen the film &quot;Buena Vista Social Club&quot;, please rent it  tonight. Awesome. THAT'S Latin music for ya!) Which brings me to the point  of this review: &quot;Supernatural&quot; also is Latin music! And it goes  beyond &quot;Smooth&quot;! Heard those Lauryn Hill or Dave Matthews songs?  Great. &quot;Smooth&quot; has conga drums in it! And the guitar part could  have been lifted straight from &quot;Black Magic Woman&quot; (remember  that? Way back in the sixties? Oh wait. Sorry. I forgot. Most fans of this  album probably have absolutely no idea who Carlos Santana IS! If you  haven't picked up his older stuff I strongly recommend it. Especially  &quot;Evil Ways&quot;!  I adore that song with all my heart!  You know, the  one with the guitar riff goin' &quot;Ba ba ba ba-da-da ba da BUM&quot;!   Aww amn... _Great_ song.) <br />Oh and maybe this is just me, but isn't it  nice, to hear a guitar solo that actually is hard to play? Listen to Carlos  rip it up in &quot;Smooth&quot;. The guy's a freekin' virtuoso! I air guitar  along with him! Just brilliant. <br />This is probably my favorite popular  mainstream corporate rock album of the past year. Sure it's a sell-out  (why else would Carlos have hired Clive Davis of all people to produce this),  but so what? It's such a great album. Give me this over Ricky Martin ANY day  of the week! At least Carlos HAS SOME DANG TALENT!  Some of these songs are  pretty awful (like the Everlast or Eric Clapton ones, for instance), but  that's okay because he plays them very well. It's easily the best thing  he's done since &quot;Abraxas&quot;, and believe me that's quite a feat.  That was released over TWENTY-FIVE YEARS AGO! Do you have any idea how long  of a time that is? Don't forget: twenty five years after &quot;Hound  Dog&quot;, Elvis was already dead!<br />I really hate Matchbox 20 though. All  their songs sound the same. But here Rob's voice goes well with Carlos'  style of playing. But that's just me. What do YOU think about  &quot;Supernatural&quot;?
B00000K19E|5.0|I won't fill this review with a summary of the movie, or with a feeble attempt at criticism.  If you are interested in buying the DVD, you have probably already seen the movie, and been captivated by either the special  effects, or the paradox of virtual reality.  <br />This DVD package - which  includes several &quot;making of&quot; documentaries as well as commentary  on the music and special effects - is what a DVD should be.  They allow a  causal viewer to see the movie in the way it was intended, and allow the  fan(atic) to watch what went on behind the scenes.  If you are a music buff  like me, the commentaries on the score are especially cool.  Best of is the  \\"white rabbit\\" setting, which allows you to view some behind the scene  footage in the context of the movie.  All of the extras are outstanding -  certainly worth the price of the DVD alone.   <br />If you loved the Matrix,  get the DVD - even if you don't have a DVD player.  You probably will have  one eventually, and when you do, this is the disk you are going to want to  slip in first.  Trust me.
630468150X|3.0|when it fist came out all my friends were telling me how awsome it was so i decided to go have a look for myself and to tell you the truth i was disipointed it never realy caught me up in it just a bunch of cons who  hijack a plane trust me you have seen it before.
0385484518|2.0|Well this review is going to be a voice in the wilderness, butto be totally honest, I have seen more in depth touchy/feely slogansand platitudes on bumper stickers. <br />It is hard to throw stones at the 'ol professor who suffered from a horrible, relentless disease. That isn't my intent.  But to spend $$ on a book that you can read in two quick sittings and not get much more out of it than a review of the Golden Rule with a few homilies thrown in is pretty grating.  The hype that this book has garnered is just unbelievable to me.  This book just does not live up to its billing like so many over-hyped things.  <br />Frankly, if Mr. Albom hadn't caught his old mentor, Morrie, on Nightline I doubt that he would have given any thought to him whatsoever.  Just like the previous 20 years.  I also got the feeling that it was fortuitous that Mr. Albom was on strike  at the time because it gave him time out of his busy schedule to make time  for Morrie.  Without the strike there is no book, even with the Nightline  exposure.<br />Some books are a page turner because you are anxious to see  what is coming next.  This book is a page turner because you keep on  thinking there must be something deep and thought provoking coming or,  perhaps, something new.  But, no.  Then you are at the end of the book  wanting to head out for the nearest highway to take in a few bumper  stickers.
B000001GQB|4.0|I was surprised to see these recordings praised as long and loud as they are at this site.  Truth be told Bohm's Mozart symphonies are widely considered to be very good, but are rarely touted as the very best  recordings of these works.  After listening to them I would have to agree  with the general consensus in the music world--very good, but not  necessarily the best.       <br />They are indeed beautifully played and  recorded (who would guess the recordings date back to the 50s and 60s!),  but tempi are sometimes too slow, particularly in the opening allegro of  number 39 and throughout number 40, making the music sound too objective  and studied.  The orchestral textures are also somewhat weighty, which at  times makes the music sound at lot like Beethoven (although not as much as  Karajan with the same orchestra makes them sound), and repeats are seldom  observed.       <br />My opinion (and certainly not everyone will agree) is  that Mozart sounds best with a slightly smaller orchestra and at brisker  tempi.  Under such circumstances the genius of Mozart is more infectious  and elegant, and it is easier to let the music carry you along.  Marriner  with the Academy of St. Martin in the Fields (on EMI, Phillips, and Decca)  and Wordsworth on Naxos are two fine examples of this approach to the  symphonies.  They both use modern instruments, so the strings sound fuller  than recordings using period instruments, but the leaner orchestral  textures sound more appropriate for Mozart.  Tempi are somewhat brisk but  never too fast.  Wordsworth's recordings of 36, 38, and 39 are especially  nice, while Marriner's versions of 25, 29, 40, and 41 are standouts.        <br />When choosing among the best recordings of the best in classical music,  there are usually many fine options from which to choose, and the Mozart  symphonies are certainly no exception.  Choosing one's favorite  recording(s) will essentially be a subjective and personal decision.   Bohm  is certainlya fine choice, and so are Walter, Abbado, and Bernstein for a  slower, weightier approach, while Marriner, Wordsworth, and Britten are  excellent from a different perspective.  Szell would probably fall  somewhere in the middle, but only 35, 40, and 41 are available from him.   And if that isn't enough, recordings using period instruments are now all  the rage.  So don't take the Bohm recordings as the be all and end all of  the Mozart symphonies.  Sample other great recordings to see which suit you  best.
0060283122|5.0|This is one of the best books i have ever had the joy of reading! It is not your cookie cutter cinderella fariy tell. The prince does not come riding in on a white horse to save these poor children instead the are  forced to live a life of misery and woe. I enjoyed this book because at  every turn you would think they would be saved but instead they would just  be mislead I cannot wail to get my hands on the next book in this wonderful  series. I think everyone should be made to read this book!
0316286850|4.0|The pictures were simply stunning, which I believe has more to do with the photographers than it does with Kevyn Aucoin himself. I personally did not find any terribly useful makeup advice and found that he had little to no  foundation in his techniques... I come to this conclusion because he's  constantly talking about &quot;freedom&quot; and such. I did enjoy the  make-overs of the celebreties immensely, and would have bought the book  just for the pictures alone. This is a wonderful book to have if you don't  expect too much out of it.
B00003003R|5.0|This Cd stole the show at a recent party I held.  The likes of Korn, Kid Rock, Juvenile, Bush, and others took a back seat to this spectacular CD.  We danced and partied to this album all night lot as the CD itself  threatened to knock the house of its foundation.  A must have cd for any  music lover.  GUNS N ROSES LIVES ON!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Savage Garden has certainly outdone themselves this time... The lyrics are haunting... the music heartbreaking.... I loved the CD..... &quot;I Knew I Loved You&quot; was my favorite, though, because of the way I was moved  when I heard it... the lyrics were spectacular, and very meaningful.
6304708521|5.0|It's the Beatles!   What more can I say?  Don't watch this movie expecting a good film with amazing story writing.  Expect the best of music, because that is what it is.  I don't know how many times I've fallen  asleep to this movie, just because I love the music.  If you're a true  Beatles fan, you'll have this movie along with all the others (A Hard Day's  Night, Help!, Let It Be, etc.), just because you love the music from this  century's number one entertaining artist... THE BEATLES!
B000002U9Y|5.0|This album is mind-boggling. I agree with the fellow that said if you don't have this, you're not a Floyd fan. This is so easy to listen to, and i mean the whole album. Jugband Blues is the coolest song in the whole  world. Syd was crazy, but he could still make music that made people think.  Buy this after you have Wish You Were Here and Animals.
B00000DLUV|5.0|EXCELLENT!  INCLUDES THE TOP FAVORITES SONGS FROM BEGINNING TO MORE RECENT TIMES. PERFECT TO PLAY ANYTIME AND BRINGS BACK WONDERFUL MEMORIES FOR THIS FORTY-SOMETHING BEE GEES FAN.YOU CAN'T GO WRONG IN GETTING THIS  ONE.....IT'S A MUST!
B000001EUP|4.0|The guitar riff opening the titlle track is just unforgettable. Amazing.  The CD is good,e ven the ballads, but &quot;CHina White&quot; is awful, one of the worst Scorpions songs. The rest is first-class material from  Matthias Jabs' phase.
B00000J7RZ|2.0|On the first listen of this cd all I could think of is that this was one of the most boring cds ever.  There are a few bright, upbeat moments.  I really like &quot;No Ames&quot;  with Marc Anthony because I love the  spanish language, and &quot;Waiting For Tonight&quot; is okay.  The rest is  very dull and it doesn't seem that Jennifer's voice has a very large range.   It seems that she sings the same five notes over and over except in those  two songs.  I will give her credit; it is not the worst cd I have ever  heard and if I had to, I would listen to it if I was without any other cd  rather than listening to nothing.
B000000H4V|1.0|Im very proud of having a metal band from my country making huge success around the world. But this is not enough to blind my eyes: they only make noise. THis Cd is a little better than &quot;Beneath&quot; and  &quot;Arise&quot;, but not much better. Anyway, they lost momentum with Max  leaving the band, and they will never be the same again.
B00000I8BX|1.0|For real intense music thats heavier then this crud, Destroy Erase Improve and Chaosphere by the awesome band Meshuggah totally S&amp;*% on this poser metal release. Yep Meshuggah combine damn heavy riffing with intricate and  polyrhythmic song structures and quite complex yet intriguing time changes  into their compositions, and oh yeh, their drummer is far superior to this  fatso and doesnt need to engineer his drum tracks using a drum machine to  play fast and try play cool. Fredrik Thorendal's guitar skills will also  blow dino out of the water, but i guess this ones for all the cool  teenyboppers out there who reckon theyre hot stuff by listening to this  crud. This band will be long forgotten once all the hype is over and all  you sheep find another bandwagon to jump on.
B000001FYZ|1.0|I'm getting older. I can't understand how some people liked this CD. It is very bad compared to others Scorpions albums from the 70's and beginning of the 80's.<br />This CD is just horrible. Here in BRazil, the song &quot;Wind  of Changes&quot; have been used for the soundtrack of soap-operas in TV !  Look the title of the tracks in the album: &quot;TO be With You in  HEaven&quot;, &quot;Lust or Love&quot;.. etc. Compare it with older songs  like &quot;We'll Burn the Sky&quot;, &quot;Fly to the Rainbow&quot;,  &quot;Pictured Life&quot;.. what a shame !  Bring Ulrich Roth back!
0446525537|5.0|This is one of the absolute best books I have ever read!  It goes by too quick.  I wish it would have been longer.  Nicholas Sparks is one of the best writers of our time.  His language is just beautiful.  I wish he would  write more.
B000000H5K|3.0|At least the Brazilian band tried to make something different, and their efforts were recompensated by the huge success of the album. (although I don't give a damn about tribal sounds! )). They deserve their success. Very  intelligent album.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Talk about a great variety.  This CD features a wide range of artists, each backed up by the musical genius of Carlos Santana.  Not one bad song -
B000001EUN|3.0|All the fans below are overrating this album!  It is good, but how to compare it with &quot;Tokyo Tapes&quot; or &quot;Fly to the Rainbow&quot;, for example? How!  Ther's no chance.<br />Anyway, it's a great CD, with strong  and pop songs, like &quot;Make it Real&quot; and &quot;Only a Man&quot; (of  course the lyrics in this Cd are already turning to the &quot;make love, be  happy, I love a girl, sun in the beach&quot; themes)
B000007R13|5.0|This is one of the better DTS recordings out there.  Not to mention a classic recording on its own.  The sound is perfectly mixed and truly brings out the beauty of this recording.  If you have a DTS decoder PICK  THIS UP!
0618001905|5.0|Every time I get tired of looking at the local line up of psycho novels and analysis of the worlds current state of disrepair, I find a book like this, opening doors and letting the light in on all too short memories.  What a world. What heroes ! What shame ! Its enough to make you turn off  the tv and radio.  It makes you weep for the congo and ourselves. It should  be required reading.
B00000DATR|5.0|This is Oldfield's most atmospheric release since 'Ommadawn,' and not since 'Taurus II' (the long instrumental on the 'Five Miles Out' album) have I felt that the work added up to a coherent whole. The only rough spot  is that I feel the 'Inner Child' segment goes on *just* a mite too  long.<br />When I was a kid, I used to say that Mike Oldfield was writing  truly modern symphonies, using entirely modern means. As I developed more   vocabulary and experience relating to music, I abandoned that thinking.  'Tubular Bells III' tempts me to return to my childish ways of viewing  Oldfield and his work.<br />TBIII is a must have for even the most casual  Oldfield fan and perhaps all music lovers.<br />By the way, while I suspect  that the 'Tubular Bell' titles may be marketing driven as anything else (at  least in America, Oldfield is known as 'the guy who wrote Tubular Bells,  right?') and hence think we'll be seeing a IV, I hope that TBIII will be  the last in the 'trilogy.' Why? Because 'Far Above the Clouds' seems like  such a powerful wrap-up to the cycle that I'd hate to see it  spoiled.<br />Unless, of course, Oldfield finds a way to knock my socks yet  again.
B00000GGCS|5.0|I realize that Grease is not Citizen Kane.  But it shouldn't matter when it comes to entertainment, as long as the film doesn't insult your intelligence.  I remember first seeing this movie when I had just turned 13  and will remember the feeling as long as I live.  Grease is colorful,  glossy and sincere in it's satire.  And the chemistry between the very sexy  John Travolta and the ultimate beauty of Olivia Newton-John only happens a  handful of times every decade.  Paramount truly dropped the ball in 1998  when they O.K'd the rerelease for the late winter of that year and not wait  until the summer, I guarantee it would have made more money!  Grease is a  summer movie and will always hold a special place for people who were lucky  enough to see it in the theaters.
B00000DHR0|4.0|It's not hard to see why our 'music fan' has such 'unhappy holidays' since he or she doesn't seem to like anything other than punishing their worst enemies. I happen to think this is quite a good album although not the best  one Celine Dion has released, it's still a decent X-mas cd.  The highlights  include 'The Prayer' which is a duet with Andrea Bocceli written by James  Horner(Titanic), 'I'm your Angel' with R. Kelly, the title track 'These Are  Special Times' written by Diane Warren and 'Don't Save It All' just to name  a few.<br />This one will definately make the most ideal gift for Chrismas and  will leave a warm fuzzie feeling to those who appriciate the good and  simple things in life. Like all her other outstanding efforts, this one's  unpretentious and comes straight from the heart.
0425074811|3.0|I read this book at an impressionable age and was filled with wonderment. This inspired me to ask &quot;What if?&quot; and I undertook much self study to pursue my quest for knowledge. Slowly I realized that Von Daniken  struck while the iron was hot with several works pushing this topic. I  thank him for pushing me into studying cosmology, astronomy, and physics so  I could realize his theories were just entertaining tales that made him  money.
B00000DHR0|4.0|It's not hard to see why our 'music fan' has such 'unhappy holidays' since he or she doesn't seem to like anything other than punishing their worst enemies. I happen to think this is quite a good album although not the best  one Celine Dion has released, it's still a decent X-mas cd.  The highlights  include 'The Prayer' which is a duet with Andrea Bocceli written by James  Horner(Titanic), 'I'm your Angel' with R. Kelly, the title track 'These Are  Special Times' written by Diane Warren and 'Don't Save It All' just to name  a few.<br />This one will definately make the most ideal gift for Christmas  and will leave a warm fuzzie feeling to those who appriciate the good and  simple things in life. Like all her other outstanding efforts, this one's  unpretentious and comes straight from the heart.<br />Merry Christmas  and may  the holiday season bring peace and goodwill to all of us.
B00002MZ4W|4.0|...as long as they got the voice for it. This is the first album i've listened by this artist, and what brought me to her music is her quite original voice...simply much more feminine than those sickly sweet voices  we hear on the radio. A low key, warm voice, with a certain edge to it. The  music is even better, it is mostly piano, but mixed with the usual rock  components, with a lot of rythm and breaks, so that each song has  emotionnal and more rythmic parts. I don't like solo piano artists, but i  love this album, because of the gathering of all these elements. An album  gifted with a sublime voice and a talented music, which will get to you.
B00000DHR0|4.0|It's not hard to see why our 'music fan' has such 'unhappy holidays' since he or she doesn't seem to like anything other than punishing their worst enemies. I happen to think this is quite a good album although not the best  one Celine Dion has released, it's still a decent X-mas cd.  The highlights  include 'The Prayer' which is a duet with Andrea Bocceli written by James  Horner(Titanic), 'I'm your Angel' with R. Kelly, the title track 'These Are  Special Times' written by Diane Warren and 'Don't Save It All' just to name  a few.<br />This one will definately make the most ideal gift for Chrismas and  will leave a warm fuzzie feeling to those who appriciate the good and  simple things in life. Like all her other outstanding efforts, this one's  unpretentious and comes straight from the heart.
B00002MZ4W|4.0|...as long as they got the voice for it. This is the first album i've listened by this artist, and what brought me to her music is her quite original voice...simply much more feminine than those sickly sweet voices  we hear on the radio. A low key, warm voice, with a certain edge to it. The  music is even better, it is mostly piano, but mixed with the usual rock  components, with a lot of rythm and breaks, so that each song has  emotionnal and more rythmic parts. I don't like solo piano artists, but i  love this album, because of the gathering of all these elements. An album  gifted with a sublime voice and a talented music, which will get to you.
B000031XCR|4.0|Is it me or just that most of my countrymen *loath* Celine. (And what is it about CoCo Lee?) Enough about other artists.  This is a review on Celine's new album.  You can say this album is a greatest hits album(half  of the tracks are old hit) and a new complation(the other half are new  tracks).  Both for keeping fans happy and in the mean time expanding her  fan base. Thought I agree with the other reviews that other more noticeable  hits are not included in the album.  I give it 4 stars (almost perfect. but  then since when things are *totally perfect*)<br />Joke time: What is the  similarly of Celine Dion and The Spice Girls? (Hint: Singaporean's  *Honesty* for music)<br />Answer: They all bought their albums and like their  songs...but *refuse* to atmit that they are Fans of these artists.  :P
630516889X|5.0|Predator was a truly magnificent movie. Arnold's best role yet! He has no Romance,just really cool action.Action lovers must see this movie.I think the Predator should have won, judging by the facts.This movie has stunning  special effects, a good cast of characters,rather interesting storyline.I  give it 10 out of 10.So if you haven't seen the movie yet, get goin' to  your video store now and get it!
B0000025T6|5.0|A great record, a nice contrast to his work on The River or The Darkness... Despite the fact that the only instruments used on the recording are guitar, harmonica and vocal, the record still offers lots of  energy (for example in Johnny 99 and ecpecially in Open All Night), but  also has few unforgettable songs (My father's house and Highway Patrolman).   Suggestion: if possible, try to listen to it from the analog record, all  the  scratcing only adds to the whole mood of the record. Great record for  winter afternoons when you don't really feel the need for your mood to be  lifted up.
B000023VTQ|5.0|Notting Hill, is a great movie, filled with laughter and a need of tissue. I would recommend this to anyone who likes Julia Roberts, this movie really shows how the stars in Hollywood feel about the media.
B000002L9J|5.0|This might be one of the best rock albums of 80s britpop, making the likes of Duran Duran and Spandau Ballet pale in shame for their superficiality.<br />Here is a marvelous and revealing work of art which has  helped many a person to come to terms with so many wishes, ideas, concepts  and secrets, and it's not only gay-angst music as some others have  blatantly (and ignorantly) said.<br />From the vibrant title track to the  haunting and romantic &quot;There's a light...&quot;, to the uplifting  &quot;Cemetry gates&quot; to &quot;I know it's over&quot; (which personally  carried me through an horrid breakup) to the hypnotic &quot;Some girls are  bigger than others&quot;, it shows the mind of Morrissey and gives the  message.<br />Yes. The Queen is dead boys, and it's so lonely on a limb...
0060207051|5.0|Until I started reading to my older son, I didn't really understand what was this book's unique hold on people was.  However, from my first reading to him, I did!  There must be something magical about this book and the way children love it.  It's very comforting  to them, with the easy to memorize  lines and the gentle arrival in the great green room of nighttime.  However, it's also full of little details for them to notice and delight  in--the hidden mouse, the dollhouse with lights on, the pictures on the  wall.  It's the perfect book to start kids &quot;reading&quot;  themselves---leave out the crucial word in a line and wait for them to say  it---&quot;a bowlful of....&quot;  &quot;MUSH!&quot;, they scream with  delight!  And they all love the &quot;Goodnight Nobody&quot; page best---I  think it really gets kids thinking in a philosophical way---How can you say  Goodnight to Nobody?  This book is a true, true gem and belongs in every  library.
B00000292K|3.0|&quot;On The Corner&quot; is probably the most hated album Miles Davis ever recorded.  It is a thick, noisy mix of what many have appropriately called &quot;African funk-punk&quot;.  The battery of African percussion  that rumbles through the entire album is relentless.  Miles' trumpet is  reduced to squeaks and quick bursts.  The guitars, organs, and sound  effects are mingled &amp; meshed until you can't tell them apart.  Miles  even added Indian instrumentation, adding a sitar and tabla player.  This  is really a rhythm album; an album that stretches, bends &amp; twists the  rhythms as much as possible without the listener noticing.  There are 8  songs listed but the album is really divided into 2 pieces of music; both  of which sound similar to each other.<br />Be warned, this is NOT an album for  Miles Davis beginners, especially if you are introducing yourself to Miles'  [traditional] jazz records that he recorded up until 1968.  It wasn't only  a challenge for Miles to record &amp; release this album but there is an  equal challenge for the audience to listen to it.  To this day, it still  sounds crazy &amp; undecipherable.  Still, it's probably one of the most  interesting and brave efforts a musician has ever made.
0804106304|4.0|I read this for a book report that the teacher assigned about China and its culture and traditions. I thoroughly enjoyed reading The Joy Luck Club, about the realtionships between 4 old-fashioned Chinese mothers and each of  their Chinese-American daughters, despite a few snooze sections. The novel  is broken up into 16 mini-stories, two for each mother, and two for each  daughter. I was really interested in the way that each vignette's plot is  intertwined in with the others, although the stories between each  generation are somewhat similar. Generally, females might enjoy reading  this book more than male readers, but that is just an opinion that my class  decided upon. If you enjoy light but interesting reading, then try reading  this novel. You might like it!
0792839625|5.0|A chorus line is a wonderful movie. I love to dance and sing and this movie is perfect for someone like me. It's a very entertaining movie that you can watch over and over again and not get bored. It's wonderful!
0783230710|5.0|Another Tom Hanks classic. Excellent video/graphic quality, time was definatley spent on this movie.
B000002UDD|5.0|This along with Peace Sells and Rust In Peace, this is one of the 3 must-haves out of Megadeth's career.  This is Megadeth's most punk-like album.  It is still thrash though just with a punk flavor.  It also has the  best Megadeth song of all time &quot;Hook In Mouth&quot;.  If they played  Hook In Mouth instead of the Star-Spangled Banner in schools America would  be a better country!
B000001GX8|5.0|This is a wonderful recording of Figaro, but to call it the &quot;best&quot; is perhaps not wise.  There are many wonderful recordings of this opera out there, too many great recordings to single this one out as the best.  Here are a few!<br />Guilini/Schwartkopf, Wachter, Taddei,  Moffo:  This is a fantastic recording and the benchmark for all Figaro  recordings.  This cast is stellar and the conducting is brilliant.   Schwartzkopf is beautiful in the role of the Countess, and Taddei is  triumphant. Moffo is my favorite Susanna on record (thus far).  She sings  with grace and elegance.  FIVE STARS!<br />Solti/Kanawa, Von Stade, Allen,  Ramey:  This is another wonderful recording.  Solti's conducting is  brilliant and his treatment of the overture is stunning.  Kanawa is  fabulous in the role of the Countess, singing Dove Sono with amazing  control and beauty.  Ramey's Figaro is very nice as well.  FIVE  STARS!<br />Muti/Battle/Price/Allen/VIENNA PHILHARMONIC:  When I went  brilliant conducting and shere orchestral power- this is the recording I  turn to.  In my view, Muti is the best Mozartian conductor and hearing the  Vienna Philharmonic brillantly play this score is something that should not  be missed.  This recording shows exactly why the Vienna Philharmonic is the  worlds premiere orchestra!  The cast is wonderful as well.  My only  complaint with this recording, is the role of Susanna (Battle) is sung with  technical brilliance, it is rather emotionless.  Price is fantastic as the  Countess.  4.5 Stars!<br />Bohm: This is the recording at hand.  It is  wonderful and I would definitely recommend it, but after the Guilini and  Solti sets.  In my ears and heart-they hold a slight edge here.  This is a  great recording though- by all means get it.  It is worth it.  I love it  and listen to it frequently.<br />All that being said- one recording of Figaro  cannot be billed as &quot;the best.&quot;  I have heard this Figaro, and  the Solti and Guilini sets referredto as &quot;the best&quot; by different  people.  It's all a matter of taste as to how the conducting is done, and  the roles are portrayed! 4.5 to 5 Stars! <br />By all means, if you love  Figaro- this is a great piece to have in your collection.<br />However, if you  are in the market for your first Figaro- go with Guilini.  His set is on 2  cd's (not much less music).  His set has some MINOR cuts and more music on  each cd- to make it a few minutes shorter than the above four mentioned.   Another big plus- the Guilini set is packaged in a beautiful box set  setting and is only about $.<br />I love them all!
B000005ZGZ|5.0|I guess this is a punk album, but it is one of those rare albums that doesn't deserve a category.  It is simply excellent music.  Some albums have a definite emotion they draw from the listener.  This one is too  complex to label with just one.  There are parts of this album that make  you stop whatever you are doing and just listen.  YOU DO NOT HAVE TO BE A  PUNK FAN TO LOVE THIS ALBUM.
630518299X|5.0|THE MASK was a groundbreaking success. ACE VENTURA, too, had audiences drooling for more. Jim Carrey had exploded onto the scene, making himself heard in every movie. But soon he became typecast. &quot;Oh, Jim Carrey's a  comedy man...he can't do serious stuff.&quot; Well, Carrey proves that he  is an actor, and a great one at that - not just a giggling comedian, in THE  TRUMAN SHOW. Everything about the film works. Carrey's Truman Burbank is  totally believable. People have often said &quot;Why didn't he smell a  rat?&quot; Well they're not thinking properly. Truman has lived this way of  life since he was born - he has no real reason to question it. Ed Wood is  great as the show's creator. All the other cast-members are superb. The  music is atmospheric and magnificent. The special effects are good. The  script is witty, dramatic, gripping, tragic and funny all in one. On the  whole, I can think of no reason not to like this instantly loveable drama.  TWILIGHT ZONE eat your heart out.
6305622914|5.0|This movie, based in Sheffield, England, is about 6 unemployed and desperate &quot;blokes&quot; who think they can &quot;make a bob or two&quot; out of stripping. They run into a few obstacles but that's what  makes the movie fun. It's funny to hear the men &quot;critique&quot; each  other too. This is one of my top 3 favorite movies. It's not just a  &quot;chick flick&quot; either. My husband and son thought it was a riot  too.
B00000ILE6|5.0|This is the best of all the Alien Trilogy. The first was ok, and the third one was just appaling. You should buy the special widescreen video and the soundtrack! And the 17 extra minutes of footage is excellent. Plus I'm glad  Paul Reiser's character died near the end.
B00000J7JO|5.0|Generally, I am a fan of pop music and of the current teeny bopper artists like Christina Aguilera Britney Spears and NSYNC.  Yet, one day I heard Scar Tissue being played on MTV and I just was amazed by this song.  I had  never been a RHCP fan; yet, I seemed to love &quot;Scar Tissue&quot;.  I  decided to buy the CD and give it a try.  Buying the CD was the best CD  purchase I made this year.  Immediately, this CD was one of my favorites.   &quot;Around the World&quot; is probably my favorite sog because the song  is a mix of RAP and ROCK.  It is an awesome song.  I noticed recently that  the CD tells the story of their lives which is way cool.  Another song that  everybody will enjoy is probably &quot;Otherside&quot;  which I interpret  as Anthony Kiedis recalling his experiences with drugs.  Truly a must have  for any fan of any genre of music!
6303202004|5.0|This movie has everything! Action, drama, comedy, and more. Plus the soundtrack is amazing!. The Undiscovered Country is the best film of the originals ever. After the suffering Final Forntier.
B000031XCR|3.0|LISTENERS... PLEASE DO NOT PAY ATTENTION TO THE POOR CRITICS FROM SINGAPORE! JUST BECAUSE THEY ARE BITTER, OBVIOUSLY ABOUT OTHER THINGS IN LIFE THAN CELINE DION, DOESN'T MEAN THEY HAVE TASTE IN GOOD MUSIC. IF THEY  DON'T HAVE ANYTHING BETTER TO DO THAN TALK TRASH ABOUT A TALENTED ARTIST AS  CELINE, THEN I SUPPOSE THEY SHOULDN'T HAVE PURCHASED THE CD IN THE FIRST  PLACE. BELIEVE ME, YES, IT IS THE SAME MUSIC YOU'VE HEARD BEFORE, YOU'LL  JUST HEAR IT ALL ON ONE CD. IT'S A GREAT BUY.
6304196431|4.0|The debut of Brosnan as James Bond is an actually interesting. The movie was great but the sound effects are a bit cheesy. Especially when Bond and Natalyia crash their plane. But it was an enjoyable Bond film. The song in  the beginning by Tina Turner is the best Bond song ever! <br />So buy this  movie, buy the Nintendo 64 game, and kinda buy the soundtrack.
B00000IMTF|5.0|&quot;Rainbow Rising&quot;.  Just mention this album to true Rainbow fans and 95% of them will say one thing.  &quot;THE best Rainbow album ever!&quot;  I totaly agree.  (Well, actualy &quot;Blackmore's  Rainbow&quot; comes close for me also).  I have owned this album on  cassette and CD.  When I found out about the &quot;remastered&quot; Rainbow  albums, I just had to go and get them.  Is it worth it to get the  &quot;Remastered&quot; version?  YES!  Suha Gur did an excellent job on the  remastering on this classic.  Ronnie James Dio's vocals jump out and grab  you by the throat.  Ritchie Blackmore's guitar crunches on.  Tony Carey's  keyboards sound great to the highest note, while Jimmy Bain's bass and Cozy  Powell's drums will slam you back so hard it almost causes whiplash.  Not  to mention the job done on the CD cover.  If there was one thing I would  have to complain about this album it is this, there is about 10 seconds of  the keyboard opening to &quot;Tarot Woman&quot; taken back out.  (Just like  on the cassette version).  While it was in the first CD version, (Polydor  823 655-2 Y-1).  But other than that, this is a definate must have for the  true Rainbow fan.  A toast!  A cheer!  Long Live Rock and Roll!  Catch the  Rainbow!
0767817443|4.0|Even though this movie got bad reviews, this movie suprised me. It was an enjoyful film that has some amazing special effects. Although some parts looked kinda like some of the Jurrasic Park scenes. But a fun video with  all the bells and whistles.
B000002ADT|5.0|How can I only give this album 5 stars? Its worth 10 stars! I'm a High School Trumpeter and really dig Miles, this has been my favorite album since I was 4 or 5, I still listen to it almost daily. I can play Miles's  solos on my horn, almost idenical. This album was made in heaven, and I'm  sure god gave it thumbs up. Go out there and buy this!
0792842731|4.0|Brosnan returns as agent 007 in this enstallment of James Bond. This time he's fightign a media mougle out to control the world. Interesting plot. And I loved Bond's remote controlled BMW. <br />A good modern Bond film. Buy  the soundtrack and this movie.
B000002ADT|5.0|How can I only give this album 5 stars? Its worth 10 stars! I'm a High School Trumpeter and really dig Miles, this has been my favorite album since I was 4 or 5, I still listen to it almost daily. I can play Miles's  solos on my horn, almost idenical. This album was made in heaven, and I'm  sure god gave it thumbs up. Go out there and buy this!
B000002V07|5.0|how this CD makes me feel.  This CD is such a part of my life, I can't even begin to describe it.  If you don't have it, get it.  This CD will bring you places you've never imagined.  Straight Edge or K Rocked - you'll  love this one.
B00000DHR0|5.0|This is one of the best CD's I've ever bought!  My favorite song is The Prayer with Andrea Bocelli. The song makes me cry. It's truly an inspirational CD.
6303593666|3.0|The first time I saw this film, I felt the typical awe for its beautiful and hypnotic construction.  The Nazis, say what you will, had style to spare-- who can help but like those shiny boots and bouncy marches?   When  I watched it again, however, I was struck by the extreme vulgarity of the  Nazi movement-- there is a shot of &quot;Heil Hitler&quot; spell out in  lightbulbs.  The endless rows of Nazi banners with cheaply gilded metal  spelling out the names of regions, the people holding up paper to spell  &quot;Saar&quot; (a la football game), the soldiers carrying shovels  (! )-- it was cheap, silly spectacle.  Just what the great unwashed goes  for.  Hitler's speeches reveal his charisma, sure, but it's also clear that  he has nothing to say except &quot;The kids are good, Germany is great,  kudos to the Aryans!&quot;  All this is accompanied by painfully  over-rehearsed gestures so crude that they'd be ridiculed by the coarsest  amatuer theatre company.  But they got style, glitzy and tacky though it  is. The two best shots make the whole thing worth while: early on, when you  see an indifferent cat pearched under a Nazi flag; and, during one of der  Fuhrer's speeches, when, as the crowd riotously applauds him, he gives a  little self-satisfied smirk.
078322804X|4.0|There is no need to restate the obvious, this is a classic five star film. The re-edit, however, draws only four. Most of the additional footage appears to be an effort to better explain certain scenes. What in this  movie needs clarification? Its a comedy! The scene of Elwood quitting his  job (none of which was included in the theatrical release) seems entirely  out of place. What is Elwood doing working in a factory? it neither makes  sense, nor does it build his character. Jake and Elwood are mythical beings  and shouldn't be dragged down into our common reality.<br />This isn't the  first Belushi DVD to suffer from improvement. 1941 has some similarly  stupid/useless material added in the DVD version. To date, the only  &quot;director's cut&quot; I consider an improvement is Blade Runner.  Message to Hollywood. If the original movie has a big following, DON'T  SCREW WITH IT! If you must meddle, choose the movies nobody cares about.  They're the ones in need of help.
0880389052|5.0|I am an avid reader of every genre.  I have read all the great Fantasy authors from Tolkein to Jordan, to Brooks.  R.A. Salvatore is far and away the best.  I have read all 10 of his books that deal with Drizzt (the main  character) and plan on reading the next one.  This book masterfully paints  you pictures of swordplay, emotion, and the interesting settings.  I read  the first two of his books in one day, because they were so good, and  finished all 10 in a week.  ANYONE who hates this book is because they have  an inherent fear of being a follower.  This is not some hyped up review.  I  first picked up this book because I was going on a long car drive.  I knew  nothing of the author or the book.  I had never even had heard of them.  10  hours later I stopped at another bookstore to get the sequel.  All my  friends love this book and my mom, who hates fantasy, loves it.  This book  makes me wish that I was not such a fast reader so that the experience of  living the story would last longer.
630438551X|4.0|Baz Luhrmann has a way with editing that makes a movie's pace snap, and, in this case, builds the tension.  The narration has this same snappiness that remains true to the original verse. As usual, for Luhrmann, the  characterization is over-the-top, but so was Shakespeare's in his day. This  version of R&amp;J is for the mind that can see the relevance of R&amp;J  today, as an authentic story, and who can keep up with the inspiring  assault upon the senses. This a a high.
B000002UAC|5.0|I always thought that Please Please Me was a masterpiece.  When I was a kid, I could not get enough of the Beatles.  After so many years I enjoy every one of their albums.  Of course, for different reasons, but each one  has an identifiable feel and mood that has become a part of my soul.  Some  music I have lived alongside for so long that it has become more than a  friend, it has become an integral part of me.  _With The Beatles_, the  Beatles' second album, is another great one.  Perhaps it does not contain  many songs that the casual listener may know, but it contains some of my  favorite early-period Beatles songs.  It Won't Be Long and All My Loving  are among the best Merseypop songs and Please Mister Postman and Money are  two of the best covers they interpreted.  Incidentally, Little Child is  among my least favorites along with Hold Me Tight and Devil In Her Heart.   Another killer release that showed that the best Beatles' tunes were better  than anything that was out there at the time.  And there was so much more  to come!
B00000HZFH|5.0|I took a gamble and bought this cd after only hearing &quot;Carry The Zero&quot; on the radio a couple times.  (Internet radio, of course, 3wk.com.)  I could not be any more pleased with my purchase!   It rocks,  and it rocks in a way I've never heard music rock before.  Ok, maybe it has  one weakness, which is that the final track is a little bit overdone, but  that's all!
0792156684|3.0|Worth seeing for the astounding special effects and tremendous cinematography, but the story is  pretty much 1890's pulp love story.  Could have lost at least twenty minutes (including the below deck irish  partying scenes) without impact.  The ultimate chick flick, but without  Sandra Bullock or Julia Roberts.
6304083777|4.0|Definitely aimed at the mature audiences, Ghost in the Shell addresses some of the more profound questions that people ask everyday.<br />To be honest, first time around, I couldn't fully appreciate its thoughtful  content because I was overwhelmed by spectacular graphics and dramatic  action sequences.  However, during the second viewing I was able to go  beyond the pretty face and catch the glimpse of its soul, a profound tale  of a cyborg haunted by questions that some people choose to ask, or choose  to ignore, or worst, forget to ask.<br />Only aspect of Ghost in the Shell  that I thought lacking was the viewing time.  I really think it could have  been longer to further develop the plot and deal with barrage of questions  it poses on the audience.<br />If you happen to enjoy this Anime, I also  recommend Patlabor 2, by the director of Ghost in the Shell, Mamoru Oshii,  which I think is more refined one of the two.
B00000J7J4|1.0|I HATE SMOOTH AND EVERYTHING ABOUT IT!  WAY TOO PLAYED OUT. DONT BE BRAIN WASHED BY THE MEXICAN GOVERNMENT!  SAVE YOURSELF!  thank you.
6305603847|5.0|I can't say I agree with the editorial comments; I have to go with the reviewers on this one! I purchased The Wall on LaserDisc back in 1984 and have always been impressed with the quality of the music and the story line  itself.<br />While the story is indeed depressing, it is also brilliant.   Watching &quot;the wall&quot; build up around the main character is  fascinating to say the least.  It's interesting to see what things can  cause a man to delve into himself and come out with his own distorted view  of reality.<br />Furthermore, the soundtrack is unequaled in quality and  sound.  Pink Floyd was, and is, a premier band in terms of talent, sound  and uniqueness.<br />This is a must movie for any true rock fan.  Owning he  DVD only enhances the experience.<br />Vic Ogden Ocean Springs, MS
B0000399WI|5.0|Well, it's finally here and it is received with mixed emotions. It seems the wait was not worth the pain. For months the release date has been pushed back.  The DVD was supposed to contain a commentary by Morgan  freeman, but it is missing. Still, though it is nice to have a permanent  copy of the greatest movie ever made, finally.
B000031WD9|5.0|This has to be one of the funniest movies of the year.  We had 6 people over (and it was a diverse crowd (male &amp; female ages 25-55)) and everyone loved it.  I don't think any of us have stopped laughing yet.
B00003W8NM|5.0|When I first heard about Fight Club it was through the soundtrack, and eventually the website.  I walked into the theater knowing full well what it was about, but at the end I was blown away.  They may have insulted the  Gap, Starbucks, IKEA, etc. , but the point was to put an emphasis on making  your life worth something other than materials.  It showed how a  psychological glitch can also send your life spiraling out of control as we  find out by the end of the film.  As for each of the elements: the actors  are done very well, the music is absolutely perfect for this film..and  perfect by itself on the soundtrack.  Many critics have said that this is  unrealistic in the sense that monotonous lives spawn violent attitudes.   But quite the contrary is true.  Although this was one of the ten best  films of the year, there is no way it will be acknowledged by the Academy.   The subject matter, and specifically the explicit sex and violence is too  objectionable for the Academy to advocate, which  is quite a shame.
6301208773|5.0|At the end of the Eighties the action movie genre, which had flourished throughout the decade, began to stagnate. Cinema goers had seen enough explosions and gunfights cloned from the same formula made popular by Arnie  and Sly. Both of these men were moving in the direction of comedy and  action movies needed something new.. something fresh. In stepped John  McTiernan and Bruce Willis with DIE HARD. Willis, most famous at the time  for the comic T.V. Series 'Moonlighting', made a perfect  ordinary-man-in-an-extraordinary-situation action hero. He was believeable  as John McClane and not immune to being hurt. He blead and felt pain, a  first for the genre. And yet his cool confident delivery of a great  wisecracking, intelligent script made him all the cooler. But most credit  should go to Director John McTiernan, king of the sophisticated action  flick. He made action movies slick, smart and full of pace and wit while  never letting up on the bullets, cars and bombs front. Special praise must  go out to Alan Rickman too whose performance as chief baddie Hans is to  this day one of cinemas finest, moving convincingly from cool, calm and  collected to desperate and nervous, never once seeming anything less than  utterly ruthless and calculating.  Die Hard is a great movie for a number  of reasons but adding three dimensions to the action genre is this films  finest achievement and anyone who has not sampled its delights before now  would be wise to get a copy as soon as possible. But don't see it on T.V.  oh no, because it is never without significant and completely unnecessary  extra editing for violence and language. Enjoy it on video or DVD if you  can, see it in all its original splendor, it is arguably the greatest  action film ever made. And then go see the sequels.. they rock too!
B000002HJD|5.0|Amazing written word put to great music.  Jim Morrison and the Doors outdo themselves on this one.  A very good purchase for someone new to poetry or new to the Doors.  Purchase with caution.  I have listened to this CD  hundreds of times since I purchased it.  Very addictive stuff.
B000002UB3|5.0|With wit, melodicism, harmony, and continued creativity, the Beatles went out on a high note. This album is beautifully produced by George Martin, clear as day even after all these years, and with tasteful orchestrations.  Ringo's sonorous drum sound is wondrous to hear, as is McCartney's  endlessly inventive bass playing. This album also features the introduction  of the Moog synthesizer, used sparingly and only where it helps instead of  hurts. Did this album influence subsequent rock music? You better believe  it. Listen to the climactic heavy rave-up of &quot;I Want You&quot; or the  close harmonies of &quot;Because,&quot; or the clever, masterful weaving  together of different parts in the medleys. I can't hear &quot;Bohemian  Rhapsody&quot; or Kansas' &quot;Carry On My Wayward Son,&quot; or any of  the big productions of the seventies without thinking back to &quot;Abbey  Road.&quot; Unlike the seventies, the Beatles never went too far. Their  humor and enigmatic double meanings, along with their artful arrangements,  keep this from being pretentious. It is a lot of fun, and in a strange way,  very moving and emotional. A great gift for music lovers.
0964385619|5.0|If ever you disagree with the views or assertions in this novel, just look around at your friends, family and neighbors and notice &quot;what is&quot;.  Robert's results speak much louder that the opinions of most  that have nothing to show for their time hear on earth.  He can choose to  work or not to work.  I think that is a wonderful choice to have.  Reading  this book for me was easy, because I already believed in this philosophy.   I have seen my parents work all of their lives to end of with nothing.   Mediocrity has no rewards.  Roberts talks about portability, using what's  between your ears to catapult you to financial freedom.  I recommend this  book to all, those that heed the advice will profit, those that don't will  continue to experience what they have always had.
B0000399WI|5.0|The video on the DVD is top notch and is shown in great quality.  But this is not a DVD to buy for features.  The &quot;stills galary&quot; is a joke, its on some time lapse counter that just cycles through some photos one at  a time.  The &quot;stills&quot; are neat to see, but it'd be nice to  control when the photo changes.  The menu interface is dull in my opinion.   The movie itself is very well done on the DVD.  Other than that, the rest  of the features on the DVD aren't worth much.  It doesn't look like anyone  spent any more than 10 minutes on the feature side.  Great movie to watch  on DVD, and thats about all to see on it.
B000002UDG|4.0|Paul McCartney is THE BEST musician to ever live, and I love his music.  This CD represents his songwriting well, however it is missing my favorite song from his solo career, Maybe I'm Amazed.  In conclusion, I would  recommend this cd to any Paul fan who dosen't already have it.
B00000AFDW|5.0|If you haven't bought psycho circus by now, you've really missed out some good music. Do you remember the sound KISS had when they put out their first three albums? Well, That same raw sound is found on this one. It's is  pure hard core metal , the kind that makes you want to jump up and  &quot;rock-n-roll all nite/party everyday&quot;. According to the World  Almanac's percentage on music sales, Rap has never out sold Rock and when  you listen to this ECD you'll understand why. This is rock-n-roll at its  best. KISS rules!
B00003003R|5.0|Guns N Roses has been long gone since 1993, but Geffen records decided to release a compilation of live tracks from 1987-1993. It sounds amazing! Outside of the cheering of a rowdy crowd, all of the songs sound brilliant.
B000002KET|4.0|This album is a darker continuation of the previous album, in my opinion, by way of its more personal criticism.  Since the previous album, Master of Reality, was a critique on the acts of others, this album drives more  toward involving elements of their own personal lives into these songs.   &quot;Killing Yourself to Live&quot; is a song that Ozzy is singing about  his own life when he worked at a local slaughterhouse in Birmingham,  England.  It was a grueling experience, and he knew he wanted out.   &quot;Sabbath Bloody Sabbath&quot; is a song based upon their own  realizations of extensive drug abuse, and their reaction to their  situation.  This album was produced at the very apex of Black Sabbath's  career, and it reflects their collective creativity well.  The only reason  this is not a five star album is because this album also seems to drag  along slightly.  The tempo between songs changes little, if at all, and  Ozzy's voice seems to unintentionally lament the loss of perhaps his very  innocence in the lyrics.  Although a tad melodramatic at times, this is  still a very necessary and rather profound album for both the Black Sabbath  fan and heavy metal fan.
B00003000M|3.0|I have always wondered how great it will be to mix Bob Marleys great melodies with good hip hop beats. &quot;Turn your lights down low&quot; is awesome. Other good tracks include &quot;rebel music&quot;, &quot;Johnny  Was&quot;, and &quot;survivaL&quot;. &quot;No more troubles&quot; and  &quot;roots, rock, reggae can be tolerated.  The other six tracts should  not have made the cut. The remake of &quot;Jamming&quot; (one of Bob's  great songs) is really terrible. While I emphatize with the Marley boys  attempt to bring their Dad's music to inner city youths, I think they could  have offered something much better - worthy of their illustrous father's  name. The songs were much better with just Bob Marley singing with hip hop  beats in the backgroud. I also agree with one reviewer that most of the  artist paired with Bob is unimaginable. I hope that there will be a much  better effort next time around because Bob's work has not yet been  completed - sorry Stephen.
B00000DFTG|5.0|This is the album every Black Sabbath and Ozzy Osbourne fan has been waiting for!  A complete live recording of the original line-up with hits spanning their entire career together, plus two new cuts to get the  listeners juices flowing!  &quot;Psycho Man&quot; and &quot;Selling My  Soul&quot; prove to be testaments to the fact that these are still very  talented artists who can produce music that still has a great impact on  todays fans just as much as their first album did 20 years ago.  The magic  is still there, and I encourage everyone to buy this set!  Look, listen,  and observe the Sabbath!
B000002UKS|2.0|I bought this way back when the songs from this album got airplay.  And sure, I thought for a LONG time before buying it (this was before I found places where I could listen to CDs) and, I decided to buy it because of the  number of airplay singles.<br />So...I thought it would be good.  I thought  that the same amount of heart would be put into other songs.  Well...that  wasn't the case.  A lot of the songs seemed to be 'filler.'  I have sold  this album, so I can't give a song-by-song relay.  I DO remember that  &quot;Hey, Johnny Park&quot; was pretty good though.  So, to anyone reading  this, listen to the samples (i know they're only 30 seconds, that sucks)  and try to find a place near you that lets you listen to CDs or borrow this  first.   I'm giving this 2 stars because the 'radio' singles were good.
B000002KIK|3.0|I'm sorry to say that this album falls quite short of Black Sabbath's previous musical successes.  This was a sign at the time of how their talent well was running dry, and it was time to bid farewell for the  original line-up.  This album does contain a few good cuts, but I'm afraid  that just doesn't make up for the other poor songs.  &quot;Never Say  Die&quot;, &quot;A Hard Road&quot;, and &quot;Swinging The Chain&quot; are  probably the best  song on the entire album.  But, as long time fans know,  'Never Say Die!' is a phrase that will fit very well with Black Sabbath. In  the past two years they've recently reunited for their world tour and the  Ozzfest.  I'm not saying the consumer shouldn't buy this CD, but you'd be  better off picking up one of the singles if at all possible.  Or, keep your  eyes peeled at a music store sale.  That would be the time to pick this one  up.
B000002AZ8|5.0|the best album of the decade, all songs are fabulous, especially: spin the black circle, cordoury and better man, i am a big pearl jam fan and have listened to all the cd's over and over and this is by far my favorite
B000002B7W|5.0|This album is the greatest live recording ever produced so far!  Whereas most live albums by other bands are cut off after each song, this is a continuous recording that includes all audience addresses by Ozzy, the  opening opera clip, and a Randy Rhoads guitar solo, which is probably the  best treat of all.  There's also an added studio out-take of  Rhoads' piece  &quot;Dee&quot;.  This is a more candid approach to Randy Rhoads, and helps  round out this whole album.  This really is a great CD, and I encourage  anyone to buy it now!  This recording is sure to go down in the record  books as one of the greatest live metal recordings of all time.
B000002UAX|4.0|All right, all right, this album is too long, and they put on pretty much EVERYTHING.  But then again, if they had pared it down to a single disc, we'd be clamoring for Capitol to re-release it with &quot;bonus  tracks&quot;.  As a whole, I think it's a real good listen.  Both discs  start to wind down before the end, although there are worthwhile tracks  scattered throughout.  Whether you're more a pop fan (&quot;Dear  Prudence&quot;) or a rock fan (&quot;Helter Skelter&quot;) or a...whatever  fan (&quot;Revolution 9&quot;), it's varied enough and intriguing enough  for most people.  Yeah, you'll probably find stuff you don't like (Ringo's  &quot;Don't Pass Me By&quot; gets my vote, but you're welcome to choose  your own), but in toto, a neat grab-bag of Beatlesque stuff you either like  or not.<br />And yeah, I like the Stones, too.
B0000057C5|5.0|This CD is excellent!  It's got all the elements that make a great heavy metal album.  From beginnig &quot;Sehnsucht&quot; to end &quot;Kuss Mich&quot; this CD is packed to the brim with some really heavy music.   This album reminds me of a type of opera, or should I say, German  &quot;Goth-Opera&quot;.  This band is great live, and I'd also recommend  their more recent Live Aus Berlin album.  More recent issues of this album  include an English song called &quot;Stripped&quot; if you're lucky enough  to find one.  In either case, this CD is totally worth buying, and I  encourage everyone to look past the strictly-German lyrics, and listen for  the feeling and emotions this CD produces.
0553274503|5.0|I read this book in seventh grade, and it's supposed to be for ages thirteen and up. There is not much inappropriate content in it or anything, and it's a wonderful book. One of the best I've ever read. It would make a great gift for your child, or yourself. This book is told through Charlie,  a retarded adult's, point of view. He agrees to be the subject of an  experiment previously performed on mice that makes you more intelligent.  Charlie rapidly becomes smarter, much smarter than the average human being,  after the surgery. Then he starts getting worse. Read about his experiences  and about his mouse pal, Algernon, in this touching modern-day classic.
B000002JEV|5.0|For those of us who are too young to have experienced Zeppelin live (or never got a chance to), this album is essential.  It gives the listener the raw power of Led Zeppelin in their early years.  Also, this album has a  couple of songs that were never released and abstract, long versions of  Zeppelin classics such as an 18 minute Dazed and Confused.  If you love  Zeppelin like I do, buy this album.  It gives one a different, less refined  version Led Zeppelin.
0780624890|5.0|If you have a home theater system that is wasted on movies like You've Got Mail, then this movie is for you. This movie is a showcase for Dolby 5.1 sound. The only thing better would be a DTS version. Oh yeah, it's a highly  entertaining movie, too.
0380973642|2.0|I like Gaiman's work, but the works in this book were too slight for my liking. Many of the short stories/poems come off sounding like well-written Stephen King stories. They are either too slight, or exist merely to shock  the reader with the twist ending.<br />But there are a couple of gems (both of  them the longer stories)- like &quot;the goldfish pool and other  stories&quot; (a lovely and tender story mocking the LA movie business) and  &quot;murder mysteries&quot; (a story about the angel Lucifer's fall), both  of which are vintage gaiman.<br />Seems to me someone was trying to capitalise  on Gaiman's popularity, but some of these stories were better off left  uncollected.
0385484518|1.0|Are you among the (too) many who were handed this book by a well-meaning soul promising it would change your life only to discover Tuesdays with Morrie is by turns maudlin, treacly and trite? While it is impossible to  dislike Professor Schwartz, and hope against hope that he will beat his  cruel disease, it is also impossible to escape Mitch Albom, who is so  sophmorically self-absorbed that he annoyingly assumes his shortcomings  must also be our own. For those of us who actually spent our growing-up  years growing up, I have a small insight for the author: Professor  Schwartz's aphorisms sum up the kind of love, compassion, empathy and fair  play most of us learn as children, not as gifted undergraduates in a  Brandeis lecture hall. Readers who find Morrie's observations startling,  stimulating or novel may, like Albom, merely have some growing up to do.  May they do so and find joy, but I respectfully suggest they keep their  therapy (and this book) to themselves.
6303965415|5.0|This wonderful adaption shows what it is like to be different to those around you, and to be persuaded to take life in a direction you regret. Finally, true friendships, love and understanding burst through. Filming is  on location in some cases, and beautifully - if understatedly -  photographed, with some hand-held shots illustrating uncomfortable  surroundings. Acting is excellent. The music is appropriate and not  obtrusive.
B00000J7J4|4.0|If you're like me and never listened to Santana before this is the CD to buy.  Most of us have heard &quot;Smooth&quot; on the radio but it isn't the best song on here.  There are so many fantastic tracks on here.  The  best part is the fact that Santana plays with musicians we know and love  such as Dave Matthews and Rob Thomas.  I highly recommend the CD.  The only  reason why I didn't rate it 5 stars is the fact that I didn't like the  songs that were soley instrumental.
0792153189|1.0|Deep Impact has all the elements for a great movie and should have been the thinking person's Armageddon, relying less on testosterone and special effects and more on the characters and the story.  But the movie is sunk by  an awful script and the terrible acting of Tea Leoni.  The movie goes wrong  from the start with having the guy from the observatory get killed in a car  crash.  It seems like the writers threw that scene in just so that the  movie can start off with some kind of action.  Tea Leoni almost single  handedly torpedoes the movie...she was so unconvincing as a tv anchorwoman.   The film gives us an interesting novelty by giving us a black man as  president, and Morgan Freeman is a good actor, but the script doesn't give  him anything to do except make depressing speeches.  The scenes with the  astronauts setting the explosives in the meteor were alright, but are not  enough to rescue the movie.  Unlike many of the other reviewers who praised  the dramatic impact of the film, I found it to be uncompelling.   Deep  Impact is simply a bad film that could have been much better and is a waste  of fine actors like Morgan Freeman, Robert Duvall and James Cromwell.   Don't waste your money on this movie.
B000002UZ1|3.0|To start off with, no Beatles greatest hits cd (unless it has almost every beatles song on it) is going to get 5 stars out of me. I gave the red album 4 stars, because the early Beatles had fewer hits, and the red album does a  good job of covering them. Every song on the Blue Album is great, yes. But  the problem isn't with what's there, it's with what isn't there. There are  so many songs left off the Blue Album that it doesn't deserve such a high  rating. Between Sgt. Pepper, Magical Mystery Tour, The White Album, and  Abbey Road, there are at least 10 songs (medley not included) that should  be on these cds. A major complaint I do have in particular about a song is  the reprise of Sgt. Pepper, which is not included. For any of you who know  Sgt. Pepper, the reprise leads into A Day in the Life, which is on this  album, but the reprise isn't... it's very disconcerting. For the price of  the Blue Album, you could get one or two of the above cds, and that's what  I recommend.
B00000K2SC|5.0|this is one of his best work, since speed. The special effects were awesome, the fight sequences were my personal favs and if you have not seen it, this is one you really have got to see to believe.
B00002E23E|5.0|Here's your chance to join in a celebration of rock's premier metalmen LED ZEPPELIN,the trend-setting foursome whose inimitable amalgam of gutsy blues and scathing rock made them legendary in the annals of ROCK'n ROLL.<br />Never  before have all the sizzling elements of the band's smash success been more  vibrantly seen and heard! Robert Plant's raw lead vocals, Jimmy Page's  explosive riffery and the sonic-boom rhythm wall of bassist John Paul Jones  and Drummer John Bonham - All SWIRL, CLASH and COLLIDE to creat some of  ROCK's most POWERFUL, most ENDURING SOUNDS...<br />And with the sounds are the  sights. Interspered with the dazzling concert footage, you'll share  behind-the-scenes moments with the band and experience visually gripping  fantasy sequences. To tell all would spoil the fun, but more than one rock  critic has inspired the opening gangland shoot-out sequence as Zep's way of  getting back at critics who refused to admit what Zep's millions of Fans  already knew: NOTHING - and no one - GOES DOWN HEAVIER THAN LED ZEPPELIN!
B000002U8U|5.0|This album deserves 5 stars for Hollywood Nights alone, IMO the best rock song of the past 30 years.  Seger could sing circles around Springsteen and his lyrics had a wonderful sincerity.  Feel Like A Number is one of the  best songs about the anonymity of modern life ever written. True working  class rock.  Highly recommended!
0767903811|4.0|It is hard to know who this book will appeal to more, Americans willing to laugh at themselves  or non-Americans wanting to laugh (jealously?) at our friendly neighbours. Actually, i think it will just appeal to people who  want to be entertained. A very light-hearted book, with some genuinly  hilarious moments. What a change to read an author who doesn't take himself  too seriously. Maybe a bit of a con for those Brits who, like myself,  religiously read the stories in Night and Day magazine a couple of years  ago but still entertaining.
0385493800|1.0|Grisham has not, in my opinion, written a decent book since A Time to Kill and The Firm. I gave up books ago but decided to try The Testament. Big Mistake. Trip to South America is less a plot issue than one to fill space.  You hate the major principals at the beginning and their development is  razor thin. And, of course, we have the typical boozing outcast attorney  (or fill in the blank) who will change clothes in the phonebooth and turn  into Superman. Grisham is now off my list - permanently. Save your money.
0060920084|5.0|In many ways your typical 'i went here and did this' travel book, but with one major exception...this is actually very, very funny. What basically adds up to a series of stories connected by the mythical search for  Amalgam, USA and the author (and America's) lost youth and inocence. I have  no idea where Bryson finds some of the hilarious historical annecdotes but  the really memorable moments are snippets from HIS past life. A real  classic.
0780627024|5.0|In reading some of the other personal reviews, I felt it necessary to respond.  This film was not just a fairy tale.  Yes, it does say Once Upon a Time at the beginning, but that is not the point.  The point of the film  is that it is okay to be different, to teach, to learn, to escape the  everyday, to wander, to search, to discover, to hope, to dream and to  change.  This film wasn't just some funny comedy with some tenderness  thrown in for effect.  Pleasantville gives us retrospect on the civil  unrest that was happening, racially, in the United States during the 50's  and the 60's when desegregation was taking place.  Life imitates art and  art imitates life.  Reese was wonderful as always.  Toby was interesting.   William H. Macy was outstanding.  This film is certainly a 5 star.
0446310786|5.0|I was stuck for something to read on a long train journey and my eyes alighted on this book, you know, one of those books i have always 'meant to read' but never got round to. I gave it a shot and didn't put the book down  for the whole journey, and most of the rest of the weekend. It is that  good. No doubt the plot (coming of age, racism, honour) will be known to  you, but it is written in such a simplistic way that it can't help to draw  you in. Take some time out of your day and read this book, you will feel  better for it and hey, you just might learn something about yourself...
B00000ICD9|5.0|This delicious film, dedicated to the miracle of color, graced us only a month and a half before Patch. It took me by storm and I saw it in the theatre twice. Robin Williams gives one of his most dramatically intense  performances since the piano scene in Garp. Ms. Sciorra gives a range of  emotion embracing wonderful mother to reclusive psychotic that would make  Sanford Meisner proud.  Cuba Gooding jr. is more than his usual charming  self, displaying wonderful boy like tenderness and concern throughout.  Max  VonSydo is a perfect cherry on the sundae making this cast complete in so  many respects.  This film will rip your heart out and restore almost  anyones faith in themselves, family, life and even love. See it with  someone you know you cannot live without.  I wonder if Richard Bach worked  as a consultant on this film?
089845915X|5.0|This is one of the most enduring books i have ever read. The message Steinbeck was attempting to portray is just as relevant now as it was in the time the book was written. Discrimination and hardship still exists  today even in this 'developed' part of the world' But, this book is more  than a historic tale of suffering. It is a gripping, thought provoking and  at times heart warming tale. Whilst the Joads are dealt blow after blow,  the family stays together because that is all they have...quiet a lesson.  Brilliant.
B0000214F2|4.0|I remember when it came out in the theatre.  Like a worshipper to a shrine I came to bask in the glory of all that is Robin.  What a wonderful performance, not only by Mr. Williams but the cameo, exceptionally  performed, by Michael Jetter is simply hysterical as well.  Robin is a  shoe-in no matter what the film.  Unfortunately, critics treat him  unfairly.  I gave this film 4 stars only because of the execution of the  love interest in the story ... it was personal.  The movie is certainly a  5!  A charming film of lifes ups and downs and how one man learned that  when life gives you lemons ... you cut them in half and wear them on your  nose.
B00000J7J4|4.0|Typical Santana rhythm complete with drums, jazzy tunes with a latin beat. Most of his cuts are haunting and enduring in that they become engraved in your mind and you hum the tune while at work. There's only two cuts I did  not like and they were performed by the other stars in his CD.
078322804X|5.0|This is a historical music movie. I think the best the was made. Anybody that like the music must see (and hear)this film on DVD. This movie is so perfekt made - unbelivevible.
B00000J7J4|5.0|THIS IS SANTANAS BEST ALBUMYET. I REALLY ENJOYED EVERYSONG ON IT, BUT MY FAVORITEWAS &quot;SMOOTH&quot;! ROB THOMAS HAS THE SEXIEST VOICE EVER.I FELL IN LOVE WITH HIM AFTER HEARING IT ONE TIME.
B00003003R|5.0|SINCE THE RELEASE OF GUNS N ROSES APPETITE FOR DESTRUCTION IN 1987 UNTIL THE SPAGHETTI INCIDENT IN 1993 GUNS N ROSES REALLY WERE ONE OF THE BIGGEST ROCK N ROLE BANDS IN THE WORLD. WITH NUMEROUS CLASSIC HITS OFF THEIR DOUBLE  USE YOUR ILLUSION COMBINATION GUNNERS WERE ABLE TO COMPETE WITH AND IN SOME  CASES OUTSELL BANDS LIKE METALLICA AND NIRVANA. ANY ONE WHO HAS HEARD THE  CLASSIC GUNS N ROSES SONGS WILL LOVE THE CD. IN MANY CASES SONGS ON THE CD  ARE MUCH BETTER THAN THE ORIGINALLY CAPTURED CD VERSIONS. I AFTER NOT  HEARING A NEW GUNS N ROSES ALBUM FOR 6 YEARS COULD NOT KNOW WHAT TO EXPECT.  AFTER HEARING ROUGH MP3'S ON THE NET I WAS NOT SURE OF HOW GOOD IT WAS  GOING TO BE. YOU OFTEN FIND THIS THAT THE CD RECORDING ESPECIALLY ON LIVE  CDS SOUNDS A HUNDRED TIMES BETTER ON A CD. SAME CAN BE SAID ABOUT S&amp;M  ANOTHER GREAT ALBUM THAT SOUNDED A LOT WORE ON THE NET. <br />HIGHLIGHTS OF  THE PACKAGE INCLUDE NIGHTRAIN WITH AN EXTRA COUPLE OF CHORUS' AT THE END,  USED TO LOVE HER, PRETTY TIED UP, ESTRANGED, IT'S SO EASY, DUST N BONES,  ROCKET QUEEN, AN EXCEPTIONAL DON'T CRY AND A TREMENDOUS FINISH WITH  PARADISE CITY SOUNDING ABSOLUTELY SUBERB. ALL IN ALL THE APPETITE FOR  DESTRUCTION SONGS R GREAT SOUNDING MORE RAW AND ROCKY, AND THE BALLADS SUCH  AS DON'T CRY AND ESTRANGED AR SUPERB. HIGHLIGHT OF THE SET WOULD HAVE TO BE  NIGHTRAIN, ESTRANGED, ROCKET QUEEN AND A BRAND NEW COVER OF BLACK SABBATH  IT'S ALRIGHT. ONLY LOW POINTS IS THAT SWEET CHILD O MINE, WELCOME TO THE  JUNGLE AND NOVEMBER RAIN ARE MUCH BETTER ON THE CD VERSIONS. BUT THE REST  ARE AS GOOD AS OR IN MANY PREVIOUSLY MENTIONED CASES BETTER THAN THE  ORIGINAL. ALL IN ALL A GOOD ALBUM WITH WELL MIXED PERFORMANCES. EMPIRITIVE  FOR ANY ONE WHO KNEW THE GREATEST BAND OF THEM ALL GUNS N ROSES. CHEERS.
B000003B6J|5.0|Had this on vinyl, record player broke down so I bought the CD 8 years later. It's still awesome. If you like good stories about the 'hood and don't mind explicit lyrics, than this is the best you can get. It's a shame  they broke up.
B00003003R|5.0|SINCE THE RELEASE OF GUNS N ROSES APPETITE FOR DESTRUCTION IN 1987 UNTIL THE SPAGHETTI INCIDENT IN 1993 GUNS N ROSES REALLY WERE ONE OF THE BIGGEST ROCK N ROLE BANDS IN THE WORLD. WITH NUMEROUS CLASSIC HITS OFF THEIR DOUBLE  USE YOUR ILLUSION COMBINATION GUNNERS WERE ABLE TO COMPETE WITH AND IN SOME  CASES OUTSELL BANDS LIKE METALLICA AND NIRVANA. ANY ONE WHO HAS HEARD THE  CLASSIC GUNS N ROSES SONGS WILL LOVE THE CD. IN MANY CASES SONGS ON THE CD  ARE MUCH BETTER THAN THE ORIGINALLY CAPTURED CD VERSIONS. I AFTER NOT  HEARING A NEW GUNS N ROSES ALBUM FOR 6 YEARS COULD NOT KNOW WHAT TO EXPECT.  AFTER HEARING ROUGH MP3'S ON THE NET I WAS NOT SURE OF HOW GOOD IT WAS  GOING TO BE. YOU OFTEN FIND THIS THAT THE CD RECORDING ESPECIALLY ON LIVE  CDS SOUNDS A HUNDRED TIMES BETTER ON A CD. SAME CAN BE SAID ABOUT S&amp;M  ANOTHER GREAT ALBUM THAT SOUNDED A LOT WORSE ON THE NET. <br />HIGHLIGHTS OF  THE PACKAGE INCLUDE NIGHTRAIN WITH AN EXTRA COUPLE OF CHORUS' AT THE END,  USED TO LOVE HER, PRETTY TIED UP, ESTRANGED, IT'S SO EASY, DUST N BONES,  ROCKET QUEEN, AN EXCEPTIONAL DON'T CRY AND A TREMENDOUS FINISH WITH  PARADISE CITY SOUNDING ABSOLUTELY SUBERB. ALL IN ALL THE APPETITE FOR  DESTRUCTION SONGS R GREAT SOUNDING MORE RAW AND ROCKY, AND THE BALLADS SUCH  AS DON'T CRY AND ESTRANGED AR SUPERB. HIGHLIGHT OF THE SET WOULD HAVE TO BE  NIGHTRAIN, ESTRANGED, ROCKET QUEEN AND A BRAND NEW COVER OF BLACK SABBATH  IT'S ALRIGHT. ONLY LOW POINTS IS THAT SWEET CHILD O MINE, WELCOME TO THE  JUNGLE AND NOVEMBER RAIN ARE MUCH BETTER ON THE CD VERSIONS. BUT THE REST  ARE AS GOOD AS OR IN MANY PREVIOUSLY MENTIONED CASES BETTER THAN THE  ORIGINAL. ALL IN ALL A GOOD ALBUM WITH WELL MIXED PERFORMANCES. EMPIRITIVE  FOR ANY ONE WHO KNEW THE GREATEST BAND OF THEM ALL GUNS N ROSES. CHEERS.
B00000K31V|4.0|I actually saw this movie 2 days after I saw The Matrix, it's different, when the Matrix is a fast pased as Formula 1 racing, Existenz is as unpredictable as driving a rally car. The story is superb, the level of  detail is immense and Cronenburg shows that he knows how to make people  throw up and have them keep looking. Couldn't wait until I had it on DVD,  but finally I got it, I had to have it.
0375707972|2.0|This book drew me in right away with what it didn't reveal.  The characters were a mystery from the beginning, and I kept pursuing them, hoping that they would be revealed.  Unfortunately, they never develop into  real, believable characters.  I wouldn't mind that they weren't  sympathetic, if only I could believe in them.  Hanna's story requires a  little too much suspension of belief.  How would someone so desperate to  conceal her secret (which becomes obvious early on in the book) decide to  become involved in an intimate relationship with someone she had only  briefly encountered once before?  And how could Michael have such an  unfeeling attitude towards her when he meets up with her again at the end,  after his obsession with her destroys all his other relationships?  And the  hardest thing to believe is that Hanna would so willingly allow her secret  to destroy her life (and the lives of others).  Despite the unbelievability  of the story, however, the book still gets two stars for the translation  and the beauty of the language.  Too bad the story itself doesn't match.
B00001QEE2|5.0|People, please try to remember the spirit of Disney movies . . . ENTERTAINMENT!  Children learn about history in school and they learn how to decide which is fact and which is fiction.  Give the children the  benefit of the doubt and let them enjoy the movie for what it is!  For you  adults who are overanalyzing this movie, get a grip!  IT IS PURE FANTASY!   If you have lost sight of that then perhaps you need to go back to school!   Bottom line . . . it is only a movie, to learn historically accurate  information, go to your library!
0767802659|5.0|All off you who don't like this movie is just because is mindless violance and pure fun to watch there is no deep relations etc. . The FX is just great. And Paul Verhoeven makes great movies.
038533348X|5.0|A great work of art, I would recommend it to anyone needing a good laugh.  It makes you  re-think of where you stand in the grand picture of things.  Live by the `foma'...  always.
B00000ILDE|5.0|I own 8 dvd's and this is my most watched movie so far.  I had seen this movie on network tv and found the images to be dark and blury. The dvd is crisp, clear, and the sound quality rocks.  The extra scenes DO NOT  interfere with the overall movie.  The acting is first-rate, with Ms.  Weaver delivering her best, most multi-faceted performance.  The interview  with James Cameron is a great added feature and helps illuminate his vision  for the film.  The last 45 minutes keep you on the edge of your seat.  A  must DVD buy!   Turn down the lights, turn up the sound and you'll love it!
0767819594|5.0|I thought this movie was great! I mean the plot and story lines was excellent! The scenerio was so up to date and the lines in some scenes just put you in stitches! To top it off, the people cast in each role were  absokutly PERFECT! I mean don't get me wrong. I'm not a buffy lover or  anything else. I just think this movie was so fresh and up beat. I mean I  have never seen a movie like this. I would definatly recommend it to  anyone. Hope you like it too! -lotsa love- :o)
B000002ADT|5.0|I like Smashing Pumpkins, Rage, the Roots, and other bands.  But one day I saw this album at my local record store, and decided to give it a try.  After listening to it several times, I have decided that this guy is  amazing.  He has just as much, if not more tallent than any rock star I've  ever heard.  This album is truly inspirational.  I would recomend it to  anyone who loves good music.
B00000IPAX|1.0|I feel that punk is about not selling out. Blink-182 missed the target by a lot with this CD. The lyrics and videos appeal to teenybopper teenage girls, and their attempt at being 'funny' and 'cute' is horribly  nauseating. One of the lead singer's voice is horribley screechy and hard  to stomach. Punk-rockers: Stay away from this CD. Teenybopper Girls: I  think you'll like it. Bottom line: Not punk, annoying lead singer, no  talent, 'punks' trying to be 'cute' and 'funny'. Now ask yourself: Is it  really worth it? Do I want to be another sheep? No, you sure as hell don't.  stay away from his disk...
B000000WJZ|5.0|and it is still one of my favorites.  I truly believe that this is one of the greatest rock albums ever.  It's definately a classic.  I used this album so much, I had to get a new one because it became so scratched.  I  spend a lot of time listening to SP, and all of their stuff is excelent.   However, Siamese Dream has to the their best.  I stronly recomend this  album to anyone who likes good music.
B00000IPAX|1.0|I feel that punk is about not selling out. Blink-182 missed the target by a lot with this CD. The lyrics and videos appeal to teenybopper teenage girls, and their attempt at being 'funny' and 'cute' is horribly  nauseating. One of the lead singer's voice is horribley screechy and hard  to stomach. Punk-rockers: Stay away from this CD. Teenybopper Girls: I  think you'll like it. Bottom line: Not punk, annoying lead singer, no  talent, 'punks' trying to be 'cute' and 'funny'. Now ask yourself: Is it  really worth it? Do I want to be another sheep? No, you sure as hell don't.  stay away from his disk...
0792842731|1.0|This struck me as a complete waste of many months work of filmmaking!  The film was uninnovative, boring, and the villain, Elliot Carver (Price), was a real disappointment. Many viewers liked the fact that the Chinese  secret agent in this movie matched 007 move for move, but I thought it was  a complete insult to the 007 character and took away alot of the  incredibility I feel when I see 007 make his unbelievable escapes!   Whatever you do, don't waste your money on this movie!
1556154844|2.0|Like a few previous reviewers said, this book contains very little new materials for 857 pages if you either are a senior student in Computer Science major or you have completed one course in S/W Engineering. This  book is only useful for freshmen who want to be ahead of the game. Some bad  things about this book are that it takes almost 900 pages to say what can  be said in less than a few hundred pages. Furthermore, many things  mentioned in the book are just common sense that you should have  learned/known by the time of your senior year. The worst thing is that a  lot of times the author only mentions what exists, but doesn't explain to  readers what it is, what it is good for, or how to do/use it.<br />Good things  are that it has a few good chapters regarding S/W construction phrases.  These are probably those chapters that offer you new insights. Again you  have to read a great number of pages to learn a few things. <br />My advice is  to check it out from the library first. Then decide if you should pay for  it. Hope the book will work better for you. If you have read this book,  give me/others your review/opinions.
B00000IOSU|3.0|Three complaints:<br />First, I don't like the songs-fade-in-songs- fade-out format of the album. The live experience is lost somehow. Except for &quot;Ice Cream&quot;, the crowd noise in other songs are suppressed to the  point where you don't know that it's a live song until the applause at the  end.<br />Secondly, the track listing is not representative of her entire  career ; Where are old favourites like &quot;Vox&quot;, &quot;Into the  Fire&quot; and &quot;Elsewhere&quot; ? The song &quot;Vox&quot; launched  her career and the other two are Sarah McLachlan staples.<br />Thirdly, I wish  that there are more radical changes to the songs such as what Sarah has  done in The Freedom Sessions. I've listened to some old live bootlegs of  her concerts and those, I feel, are far better than Mirrorball. In her  early days Sarah sung live more passionately and the band she had then was  sharper, more edgier in sound as compared to now.<br />But Mirrorball is a  passable live album. For those who have never heard her live, such as fans  outside of US &amp; Canada, this is an adequate glimpse into that special  essence that makes a live Sarah McLachlan performance. <br />However, to get  the full effect of Sarah live, get her Mirrorball Live DVD which contains 9  extra tracks not on this CD. Sarah's repertoire extends far beyond  &quot;Adia&quot; or &quot;Angel&quot;, to reveal an artist who's really  versatile in terms of both instrument-playing and the range of styles that  she and her band employ to the songs. Furthermore, seeing AND hearing her  live is a far better experience than merely hearing her live.<br />I recommend  this CD for new or casual fans as a sort of greatest hits live compilation.   To old fans, I recommend getting the Mirrorball Live DVD instead.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|The Battle of Los Angeles is just one of those CD's that have no bad songs. The bass doesn't stand out just as much as i did in Evil Empire, which is a downside, but their message is just as strong, and the guitar is  unbelievable. Tom Morello is an artist. He works with a guitar the way a  painter would work with a brush. Jumpin Zack is the most amazing singer/  rockrapper there is out there, and I support his message. BUY IT, ITS  REALLY SWEET.
B000031XCR|5.0|Celine Dion has been one of my best artist and i believe that she is, a good singer who has a solemn voice, like a non-stop active singer who can also go up and up and up or top of her voice.  i see that she has good  foundations in life to exercise more.  the songs in this cd are excellent.  almost all of her HOT singles are in this one whole pack cd, All the  Way...A Decade of Songs.  well, there are also new songs in this cd, buy it  so you'll here it.  Celine Dion's achievements in the Music Industry won't  end, but will go on and on and on.  i believe that this is just a start of  her rising career!  More power to Celine Dion!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|this is one of the best cds that i have ever listened to. if i had to rate it on a scale of 1-10 i would give it a 15. it is beautifully sad. i love it. i just got it yesterday and it has been either in my cd player or the  computer. d. hayes and d. jones are so talented. i think it's great.
B000002NHN|4.0|I love Loreena McKennitt's music.  My first introduction was &quot;Mummer's Dance&quot; and I was hooked.  I quickly bought this CD, as well as Mask and Mirror and the Visit.  They are terrific.  However,  quibbler that I am...I must fret out loud that bonnie Loreena may be in a  bit of a rut.  There doesn't seem to be much artistic progression going on  through these three CDs, at least to my ears.  Of course, if her approach  is formulaic, it's a gorgeous formula, and it was perfectly realized with  &quot;Mummer's Dance&quot; and &quot;Marco Polo.&quot;  However, she  doesn't seem to be stretching out much, either lyrically or musically.  Not  that I'm really complaining that strenuously.  Oh yes, quibble number two:  Her rendition of &quot;Highwayman&quot; is nothing but a long,  self-indulgent bore, I'm afraid.  But then again, that's why God made  programmable CD players.  All in all, though, any objections I have seem to  melt away in the seductive, pagan-celtic glow of this woman's music.  So  carry on, Loreena, wherever the muse decides to take you.
B000009EAD|5.0|Move aside Iron Maiden, the new god's of power metal have arrived! something Wicked has great meladies Watching over me, Melancoly, and Consequences are all moving tracks. Burning Times and Stand Alone are great  thrash, and power metal is executed in the Something Wicked Trilogy. The  next great METAL BAND has arrived.
B00003003R|5.0|It's great to hear a collection of something that was so great at one time.  A true piece of music history.  One question though,  Coma is listed in the tracklist,  however,  it isn't on my CD.  Any answers?   BeerGreg@aol.com
0920668364|5.0|My mother gave this book to me a few years back when I was having a very difficult time leaving my abusive husband.  My parents lived 2500 miles away from me and it was very difficult being so far apart.  When I read it  the first time, my heart opened like a flood gate; emotions and love became  overwhelming.  I now read this book when I am feeling homesick and/or need  a dose of unconditional love.  This book is a WONDERFUL gift for Baby  Showers.  If I could offer a COMPANION: The Giving Tree by Shel  Silverstein.  These books will bring you such love, comfort and joy.  They  are truly two of the most personal gifts you can give.  You will not be  disappointed in either book.
0670880728|5.0|This is the funniest book I have read in a long time. I laughed out loud so often people turned to stare at me. I also fell off the couch at home reading the remedy for tape worms. My boyfriend thought I was deranged.  <br />Bridget Jones's Diary reminded me a lot of The Secret Diaries of Adrian  Mole. Nevertheless, I'm recommending this book all around, with no  reservations whatsoever.
B00001ZULV|2.0|The best of Genesis cannot be encapsulated in a 79 minute CD, and then to do it in a condensed form is a travesty. It is inexcusable to severely edit such songs as &quot;Mama&quot;, &quot;Abacab&quot;, and &quot;Tonight, Tonight, Tonight&quot;. The vital parts of these songs are stripped away  solely for the sake of keeping this a single CD. This was done in order to  make it sell, because double CD's generally don't.Plus, the title itself is  misleading. Because many hits are missing here. Where is &quot;No Reply At  All&quot; and &quot;Man On The Corner&quot; from Abacab? Or &quot;Illegal  Alien&quot; and &quot;Home By The Sea&quot; from the eponymous 1983  release? &quot;Paperlate&quot;, a great single from the studio side of  Three Sides Live, is not here. Where is it? Or even &quot;Never A  Time&quot;, from We Can't Dance, which was a hit single?And if the label  felt compelled (I really don't know WHO was) to include &quot;I Know  What  I Like(In Your Wardrobe)&quot;from Selling England By The Pound, then why  include some songs from lesser selling albums, such as The Lamb Lies Down  On Broadway, Trick Of The Tail, or Wind And Wuthering? Like &quot;The Lamb  Lies Down On Broadway&quot;, &quot;Ripples&quot;, or &quot;Your Own Special  Way&quot;? These may not have been &quot;hits&quot;, but they are important  songs that brought attention to the band.Then again, if those songs were  included here, there would not have been room for anything else.It would  have served more justice to the public if this had been released as a  double CD. After doing the math, I figured that if the full versions of all  the edited songs were here, ALL of the hits included, plus the &quot;other  best songs&quot; added, it would have become a true chronicle of Genesis  that would clock in at slightly more than 2 hours. I think the public would  have still accepted it, even if they had to pay a few dollars more. It  could have been sold for twenty dollars or more, and it would have been a steal.  Instead, we were cheated out of the money we paid for this. The new version of &quot;Carpet Crawlers&quot; is the only thing  that saves this from being a total loss. It is great to hear the definitive  line-uphere again. The 2 stars I rated this are for that alone, yet it is  a 5 star song by itself.
0395645662|5.0|I read this book in the fourth grade. It's the first book I've ever read that's made me cry.<br />I live in Columbia County, Florida. A county not far from here has banned this book in their school system. I think this is a wonderful book and I also think every teenager should read it.
014028009X|5.0|This book is absolutely fabulous.  Wonderfully written, Briget is one character you desperately want to know and talk to about your own imperfections, life traumas and perils.  You can't help but relate to her.   Is she imperfect?  YES.  Does she question herself, her self worth, whine  about her life when at times she shouldn't?  Of course.  But anyone who  says that they don't do the exact same thing is in denial.  We are all like  her, if only a small part of us.  Bridget Jones Diary allows us to revel in  the satisfaction that being awkward and unsure in a world where you are  constantly being judged is normal.  We are all Briget Jones.  This is one  fabulous book that I would reccomend to everyone, including the Smug  Marrieds.
B00000K19E|5.0|when first i saw this movie i got out and said ... well that cool - but after a few days the movie just kinda crept into my veins .... i couldn't help myself and had to go and c it again .....  since than i saw it 6 times  in theaters and i have the DVD version and the VHS version which i saw more  than a hundred times .....    this is the ultimate sci-fi/ cyberpunk movie  - to all of us who always read books in this genre and waited for just the  right movie to show around and do just what we read in there ......   here  it is ......<br />as i say it - if the bible is the book of books the the  matrix is the movie of movies ........
0060977493|5.0|this novel captures india in an amazing poetic way, ms. roy is captivating in her writing style which flows beautifully.  beyond her writing, the subject matter is so interesting and can be easily related to by anyone,  whether Indian or not. i highly reccommend this novel to everyone.  even if  you're not interested in india, her writing is something everyone should be  exposed to.
0451191153|2.0|Ayn Rand was so immersed in her heartless, simplistic ideology to take the time to create interesting, human characters.  Instead, we have dummies inflated with rhetoric and ideas.  I would hate to be in the room with one  of these people for more than a few minutes -- some would bore me to tears,  others would make me get violent.  The plot of this novel is pretty weak,  too.<br />Rand's philosophy is very easy to understand, and as a consequence  this ``philosophical novel'' is very easy to read.  For readers ready for  novels with human *and* philosophical content (and better philosophical  content at that), I advise reading Iris Murdoch.
B000002UYZ|4.0|As always, the Beatles' music is marvelous and this is an o.k. representation of their music - the thing is, the best of the Beatles is all of the Beatles! There's really no way to issue everyone's favorite  Beatles song in a 2-disc set like this because there are so many great  songs! This set, though, is a good way for collectors without bootlegs to  acquire stereo mixes of some of these early tracks (including &quot;Please  Please Me&quot; which has Paul and John singing a different line at the  same time by accident, by the way).  This is good, but don't stop your  Beatles collection with this!
B00000J7S8|5.0|If Nat King Cole were to be reincarnated as a Lady, Diana would be the woman. <br />POWERFULL PASSIONATE and yet Sexy
6300181553|5.0|I thought this movie was a great holiday family movie.  It was filled with laughter and just all around Christmas!My family loved it too!  This movie keeps your attention all the way through and there is dancing and singing  and all that you can imagaine combined! I highly recomend it and I suggest  you pick it up from amazon.com right away!
B00003003R|5.0|this is quite possibly one of the greatest albums i have ever owned.  a true fan will love it, and the patience cut is amazing.  the best part is that you can hear duff's backups so well!
B000002UB3|5.0|along with SGT. PEPPER'S, ABBEY ROAD shines like few albums ever have. it is magical in every sense of the word. from the hit 'come together', to the last almost comedic like song 'her magesty', ABBEY ROAD, will persuade you  to go out and purchase all of the other beatle classics.
B000002HPV|5.0|The first time I listened to Homogenic, I was a little disappointed.  I missed the eclectic sounds  of Bjork's previous album, Post.  To me Homogenic 'all sounded the same'.  Then I listened a few more times, and it  was only then that I really heard and appreciated the music.  Now I  consider it to be Bjork's best yet.<br />A strange but effective mixture of  hard techno beats and string octet performances is the 10 song backdrop for  Bjork's unique voice.  The album starts with 'Hunter', a searching,  determined track.  It moves through songs of loneliness, desire, and  passion.  Track 9, Pluto, is the album's intense climax.  The sheer energy  in this track is astonishing (and you simply cannot turn the volume up  enough, in my opinion).  Homogenic closes with the soft, peaceful 'All Is  Full Of Love', a song so beautiful it brought tears to my eyes.<br />You don't  have this album?  What are you still reading this for?   Go out and  experience it for yourself - I promise you won't be disappointed.
0870119435|5.0|This is first time for me to read one of mastarpieces written by Haruki Murakami. I'd heard rumor that said his Norwegian Wood was really something, but I always passed until one day I happened to pick them up in  a book shop. The books tell me that every youth has unsteady mind which  they can not control by themselves, though, they seem to live as if trying  to ignore their complications which never ever relieve them. I like the way  the auther carries on the story not exaggeratedly, rather simply, so the  atmosphere gets to me directly. Anytime I read the book, I can imagine warm  guitar sounds which Reiko plays. And the sounds slightly lightens dark and  complicated atmosphere, like a tiny dandelion blooming in the rain.
0792140346|4.0|The only reason I didn't give this movie 5 stars, is because they had too many scenes with Richard Gere (who stunk in this movie) and not enough scenes with Edward Norton in them. Norton was the only thing keeping this  movie watchable.. He gave such a good performance that I have seen it like  5 times, and still haven't gotten tired of it.  The plot is good and so is  the script (except for Gere's scenes) but just to watch Norton do his thing  is enough for me to buy and watch this movie over and over again!  He is  definatly one of the best actors I have ever seen.  Every movie with him  rocks.  and so does this one!
B00000064G|5.0|you never left at all, Nick, now did you?  you are here, present, with me.  my heart smalls, you know it hurts and you take care of me.  i can take the road that will see me through, because you provide the direction. when  i sleep and wrap my arms around you, well then, there you are, ain't you,  baby, after all?  don't regret your youth; you always knew the truth.  AH!  but if only i could have been there with you; i'd ave wrapped my arms  around you and pulled you out of the darkest sea. angel, i'd a left my own  breath to let you breathe.  you are strong in the sun and you glow in the  pink moon,forevermore, or at least for as long as it's any business of  anyone's. You, me boy, have saved us, so many of us.  The love we have fer  ye is boundless; the shame, that we didn't tell you when you were here and  crying.  But we're weak, baby; we're not NICK DRAKE.  One of the only ways  we have to strength - is through yer voice.  aH, but if we could only hold  you, the way you hold us (hold ME); would it not be a perfect world?  In  the park with my dogs, in the night with moon, I do look up to the stars  and give you a wink; i know it's just a matter of time til i'll be home  with you next to me.  Rest easy baby, i swear it's just a matter of time  til we're all together again.  we'll fall fast and free together.<br />thank  you.  we love you.  we love you.  i'll pass to the stars one day and be  with you again.  AND THEN I'LL GIVE YOU THE MOST PASSIONATE KISS THAT HAS  EVER BEEN GIVEN.  we miss you.  rest easy, angel.  the only thing we care  for is the AMOUNT of time it'll take to get back to you.  love,<br />suzy (and  a whole bigASS bunch of other people).
B000022TSF|3.0|Not a diamond, but comparing this with L.A.Confidential is like comparing a ruby with paste jewelry. The implausibilities of that film make Chinatown look like a documentary. Great acting, and an intriguing tale. The ambience  of the time could have been thicker. Knowing the &quot;secrets&quot; make  second viewings not nearly as good as the first, but this is an inherent  weakness of all mysteries. The DVD video shows some signs of deterioration  of the film, but it is still good. The retrospective interviews are good,  but a feature-length commentary would have added considerably to this  edition. (Criterion: are you listening?) 4 for the movie, 3 for the DVD.
6303965415|4.0|I loved this movie, especially the end.  I wanted so much to jump into the picture at that very moment.  A great movie to watch when you are feeling a little down.
B00001QGPR|5.0|'Hours' is Bowie's best effort this decade. Probably his best since 'Lodger.' Well done.
6303450083|3.0|Abnormal psychologist and his daugter are tasked to rid an old mansion of three crude ghosts by a materialistic, greedy business woman and her idiotic companion. Funny and impressive comedy with a few recognizable  faces (the one you really have to catch is Wesson from HOME IMPROVEMENT)  and cameos from some famous faces. The best has to be Aykroyd from  GHOSTBUSTERS carrying his proton pack with him. The ghostly trio are also  funny and no death joke is ignored. Might possibly be past children.
0451160916|5.0|The Shining is the tale of a haunted hotel, with a boiler that will explode and destroy everything, which is symbolic of the alcoholic Jack Torrance. This is the only King book I've read to date that has really  scared me. With the horror in room 217, moving hedge animals, and  disembodied voices lurking in the shadows, The Shining is a marvelous read.  Highly recommended, with many twists and turns to keep you interested in  the mystery of what haunts the Overlook hotel. The events in this novel are  referred to in MISERY, another masterpiece by Stephen King.
6302909651|2.0|Stone, fresh out of a bad relationship, moves into apartment where the last resident was murdered and as she settles in, the other tennants start getting picked off by a sloppy serial killer. Sleek and stylish but the sex  and suspense of the film are mediocre as are the scares which are few and  fleeting. Does raise some eyebrows with the subject of human voyeurism.  Rent something else, buy something else, watch something else.
1559408758|5.0|please reissue this comedy cult classi
B000031WD9|4.0|Everything everyone says about this movie are true, it is very funny.  After watching the R-rated version and the 'unrated' version, there is one scene that is SLIGHTLY different, and it's shown in the outtakes.  If there  is a price difference, go with the cheap one.
6300216802|5.0|The first Star Trek adventure is a true masterpiece but unfortuneately its extremly under-rated, mostly by people who just want action and speed. This movie isnt about that at all and its probably good to have in mind  before watching it. In this one theres a lot of long slow shots over  spaceships and visual landscapes and the greatness lies in the  conversations and the atmosphere in the film. If you sit down with a clear  mind and just let you self sink into the movie you will find a great  experience. If youre just into Action-Si-fi you better stay away from it.  Definately one of the best Star Trek movies with the first generation-  which will always be the one and only true crew. Long live Captain Kirk and  Spock.
B00001OH7Y|5.0|This is definately Mr. Bowie's best cd of the 80's. How about his best cd of all time? This just might be that too. Great lyrics, great vocals, and this cd contains the best guitar work from Bowie. This cd contains my  favorite song of all time, &quot;Teenage Wildlife&quot;. Other great tracks  are &quot;Scary Monsters&quot;, &quot;Because You're Young&quot;,  &quot;Kingdom Come&quot;, and both versions of &quot;It's no game&quot; are  great, but I like part one better. This is essential Bowie material and  this might be his best.
B000002UDB|4.0|This CD has great Beatles songs, but it's a little confusing as to what this &quot;album&quot; really is - it is the 6 songs featured in the Beatles' 1967 TV film &quot;Magical Mystery Tour&quot; plus the other  Beatles singles from 1967 to make a full album.  The only song that is  unnecessary is &quot;Flying&quot; which is sort of incidental music from  the film.  Everything else is really cool! Another cheap thing is that they  don't even give you all of the pages of the book that originally came with  the album - but Capitol cheated with all of the Beatles CDs. &quot;I Am the  Walrus,&quot; &quot;Hello Goodbye,&quot; and &quot;Strawberry Fields  Forever&quot; really stand out!
068816689X|4.0|Parts of this story are very well written, while others are very vague.  I enjoyed most of the stories in this book, but thought that sometimes she began to feel overly sorry for herself when she didn't even live through  the concentration camps like most Jews in Europe.  It made it hard for me  to fully simpathize with a woman that married a Nazi officer when her own  people were dying.  However, I do think that this book is worth a read.  I  have read several Holocaust memoirs, and find them very interesting and  inspirational.  To me, it felt like Ms. Beer was more informal then  necessary, asking questions to the reader periodically, but in some ways,  this is an interesting approach to telling her story.  It really all  depends on your personal preference.
B000031WD9|5.0|This movie is way better than Porky's or Fast Times at Ridgemount High. I never laughed so hard at a movie in such a long time. The funniest person, for such a small role, in this movie was Eugene Levy. Watching him reminded  me of his days with SCTV. I can't wait for this movie to come out on VHS in  a widescreen version at a lower price. You bet this movie will be in my  video library.
B00000JCB2|5.0|Great CD, I think Significant Other is better then 3 dollar Bill Y'all.  Less screaming, better songs.  If you're stuck between buying a KoRn or LB CD, buy this.
B000002U82|5.0|Have any doubts? I've got all Pink albums and theis you won't miss...Its guitar solos and great compositions gonna make you crazy...&quot;Money&quot; and &quot;Breathe&quot; are my favourites...
B00000G3PA|3.0|I purchased the DVD hoping that I would get an image of superior quality and room shaking sound.  Instead, I got a piece of software that is not compatable with my Toshiba dual disc DVD player.  It skips from chapter 3  to chapter 4.  Irritating...Buyer, please keep the receipt just in case.
1563523302|5.0|This is an exceptional book that is a must for anyone wanting to understand key elements of becoming wealthy in America!
B00000J8EK|5.0|OK, Block Rockin' Beats is one of my favorite songs, but it didn't make me love the Chemical Brothers until I heard Surrender. The album is by far a masterpiece. Many will disagree and say previous albums were better, but, I  suggest you go and get this album. It is an album we should be listening to  into the new Millennium. I am tired of Boy Bands, 15-20 Year old girls, and  other bad artists singing. We need a change. Dance/DJ music is  non-offensive, and is way better then any Backstreet Boy trash.
044022425X|5.0|I wasn't sure I would like this one. Claire and Jamie weren't in Scotland! It did take me a while to get into this one, but once I did, I tore through it. The characters are real people. By the time I finished this book, I was  so sad because there was not another one to pick up. I miss my friends!  Gabaldon does her research, and it really shows. Excellent book!
B000020617|1.0|Ich kann nur jeden warnen ! Kauf Dir nicht die CD. Die Colour and Shape war genial. Eine meiner Lieblingscds. Aber die hier ist Mll. Immer wenn sie mal andeuten, jetzt wirds gut (in Live-In Skin und der Refrain von  M.I.A) , ist das nur ein kurzes Aufflammen.  Echt enttuschend !
0440217563|4.0|In all, this book was very, very good, but not quite on a par with the rest of the series. It seemed to me that the characters were acting against their former natures - doing things they wouldn't do. In all, I do  recommend it, and not just because you won't be able to follow the next  book. Some of the scenes are breathtaking, and the writing is superb.
B00000IFP6|5.0|As a resident of Zurich I often have the opportunity to listen to the Tonhalle Orchestra 'live'.  It is amazing to what high level of playing David Zinman has lead this ensemble. Zinmans Beethoven-cycle proves the  success of this Swiss-american cooperation. I think the recordings of No 7  and 8 are unbeatable, not even Karajan reaches this level . The Ninth is  excellent too, particularily what concerns the orchestra and the soloist  Ruth Ziesak. Nos 1, 2, 5 and 6 are also to be considered as exemplary. On  the other hand I cannot recommend No 3 - Zinmans interpretation of the  funeral march is  the worst I know. I like Zinmans fast tempos, but he is  too fast here. Maybe his ideas about funerals are different from mine, but  if you're looking for a really impressing funeral march I could recommend  Klemperer's recording (Philharmonia, EMI). Apart from that, I prefer  Zinmans Beethoven to all my other recordings.
6303481272|4.0|Pretty good plotline and story.  It can be a tad confusing at times so you'll have to follow.  It was a tad more gory than I originally expected but hey back in those times people weren't exactly clean in battle  techniques.  Any ways this would probably suit pretty well in a person's  anime collection.  So just consider this one but don't make it top prioty  of video's on your wishlist.
0767802659|5.0|There are two side on this DVD. The first one is the movie wich is really cool, well made with very good special effects and very good actors. The second one contains a documentary on the movie, and deleted scenes (all  with Denise Richards). The second side may run 45 minutes. I like this  movie even if I don't like science fiction, I think it's really great DVD.
B00000JCB2|1.0|I'm sorry...is this heavy metal? I don't think so. If these guys do heavy metal, then Yanni does gangsta rap. Fred Durst's ego is much bigger than his music, a facade which cannot hide otherwise repetitive and silly  lyrics. How these guys made it #1 on the music charts, I will never know.  It's always those number one hit singles...like Nookie. If that song (or  any thereof) had meaning, I wouldn't be so negative. But trying to make an  intellectual statement out of them is like turning a Dr. Seuss book into a  rocket science manual. A good little dose of Slipknot should wash away the  stench of Bizkit from all infected parties.
B00000JCB2|1.0|This band has no talent whatsoever.  The lyrics are stupid.  The music is weak.  Fred Durst could not rap to save his life.  The only redeeming quality about this album is that it is not Tommy Lee's &quot;Method of  Mayhem.&quot;  (One of the few albums worse that this).  The only reason  Limp Bizkit sells albums is because they are TRENDY.  To everyone who  thinks that Limp Bizkit is &quot;da bomb&quot;(lol):  Stop acting like a  bunch of sheep.  Listen up kiddies, I have a piece of advice:  If you see  that a band is appearing regularly on the TRL countdown, do not buy their  album.  No matter how &quot;fresh&quot;, &quot;phat&quot;, or  &quot;dope&quot; Carson tells you it is.  DO NOT BUY.  These are words to  live by.
630518299X|5.0|This movie is symbolic of how people are daily creating their own reality in other peoples mind. What was done in this movie is done all the time by the United States government and United States military.<br />This movie is a  must see!
B000000WCX|3.0|David Bowie has captured the souls of many with his special talent for music. He has, however, been able to do this for many years without the help of the &quot;techno&quot; scene. But even in techno music, Bowie has  talent. This is a great album and the songwriting is extraordinary. Songs  like &quot;Seven Years in Tibet&quot; and &quot;Looking For  Satellites&quot; really show that Bowie has talent in any genre of music,  and is capable to performing up to standards way beyond the age of 50.
6304578482|5.0|Such a great movie! <br />The entire movie will keep you laughing all the way until the end. There are a lot of curse words ( Jeanine Garofalo certainly rattles off the F word at least a dozen times ), but it somehow  makes the movie that much funnier ( Kind of like &quot;Friday&quot;..).<br />I  would recommend Romy and Michele to anyone who's ever had that one best  friend.. you know.. the one that you stay in tune with all the time.  <br />Watch it together with a pile of junk food on a rainy day! <br />Parents  should note that this movie has a lot of profanity and adult humor. Young  children should not watch it.
B0000214FS|1.0|DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME/$<br />I got to tell you that these folks that gave this movie 4 Stars are truly lost and haven't a clue on what how to differentiate a BAD movie from a GREAT movie!  Guess 1999  some people are really lookin' hard some some action. If you want a good  Will Smith action packed movie go watch Enemy of the State.  Will is great  in this movie!<br />Quite simply a complete waste of time and money!  It's way  too obvious that the director and the script was a bunch of BS.  It's as if  the director told Will to act with the same script.  The James West  character from this movie had no character.  His character used the most   bigoted and paraplegic comments ever used a movie.   I don't blame this on  Will but completely on the director and the person who wrote the script.    They really didn't need to name this movie Wild Wild West.
B000009QPE|5.0|If you haven't bought this cd than you should right now. This is the fastest, best guitar playing, just the best band on earth. This is my all time favorite cd.  On the top 100 list they have stupid bands like  Cannaible Courpes and Fear Factory.  This cd is ten times heavier than any  of those. i suggest you buy right this second
B00000J7J4|5.0|i just gotta say... this is a great album... with the exception of a few songs every song is awesome... santana is a guitar legend and plays like it too. just listen to all the solo's he's got in there... dang... i can just  imagine his guitar strings catching fire! and for those who rip smooth...  all i gotta say is i like it cuz it's so smooth... recommendable to say the  least
0792842723|4.0|Stunning special effects, great music, a good plot line, and mind-boggling stunts all pull together to form, in my opinion, one of the greatest Bond movies yet. 'GoldenEye' ranks right up there with 'Thunderball' and 'Dr.  No'. Although many seem to be bashing on Brosnan and his acting talents, he  plays the Bond role much better than others have made it sound. Brosnan  especially has a knack for keeping the classic Bond-Q sarcasm. He also does  a great job interacting with M.<br />One of the few flaws in this movie was  the absence of Bond's traditional cars. He has a BMW in the movie, but  never really shows it off. (Note that this is heavily made up for in  Tomorrow Never Dies)<br />All in all, one of the better Bond movies. My  suggestion: buy it.
6304578458|5.0|John Cusack does the best acting job ever playing Martin Blank, a hit man that returns to his hometown for his 10 year high school reunion. Just the plot and the way Cusack nailed every emotion and mood made me want to watch  it again and again. This movie is worth every penny!
6303022901|5.0|Okay, I'm disgusted by the review in which this movie was only given one star.  This movie posseses a certain quality that makes you feel like you know the characters, and understand them.  I have never been so captivated  by one cast of any movie.  This movie can send you on an emotional  rollercoaster.  When the characters feel an emotion you feel it almost as  strong.  This movie could stand proud against any Academy Award winning  movie.
0792156684|5.0|While some parts of the film may be a little over-dramatic, Titanic is such an emotional roller coaster that it tugs at the very core of our souls.  The love story between Jack and Rose is realistic and the way the  sinking of Titanic was presented was in a very realistic and emotional way.   Sure, the screenplay might not be &quot;first class&quot;, but the way the  story draws the viewer in is truly stunning.  Just forget about the hype  and give Titanic a chance.
B00000J7J4|5.0|i just gotta say... this is a great album... with the exception of a few songs every song is awesome... santana is a guitar legend and plays like it too. just listen to all the solo's he's got in there... dang... i can just  imagine his guitar strings catching fire! and for those who rip smooth...  all i gotta say is i like it cuz it's so smooth... recommendable to say the  least
0767821629|5.0|I didn't even intend on renting this movie until I saw a favorable review in a Home Theater magazine.  My impression was that the movie stunk after seeing the way it bombed in the movies and the way the critics ripped it.   However I was very pleasantly surprised by the movie.  It created an eerie  environment that drew you into the flick, and is definitely worth seeing if  you are intrigued by the thought of simulated worlds.  Most people disliked  it because of what it is not -- it is not an action flick like &quot;The  Matrix&quot;.  So to some it will be boring because no one is dodging  bullets.  I really liked the concept of the movie and would recommend this  as a rental.
B000002VC5|5.0|Alan Parsons single-handedly helped me discover the true meaning of stereophonic sound with this recording and Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon, which he engineered.  The instrumental title track that opens I Robot  literally swirls in the room as it oozes from speaker to speaker; it's even  more impressive when played through headphones!  I Robot fades into the  stylish, rocking I Wouldn't Want To Be Like You, the Project's first real  breakthrough song and a great driving song to boot.  Other highlights can  be found in Breakdown, another radio hit, and in Total Eclipse, in which a  very sinister-sounding chorus (like something from the movie &quot;The  Omen&quot;) howls and bellows until Alan brings us back down with the  album-closing instrumetal, Genesis, Ch.1, V.32. While Parsons was hardly  the first rock artist to add strings, brass and a choir to the mix, he does  it here with finesse; it never gets out of control.  It took a few more  years from this point for the Project to really hit a commercial and  popular peak, but for me, I Robot and the follow-up, Pyramania, showcase  the Alan Parsons Project at their creative peak.
B000021Y74|5.0|This movie had a killer soundtrack that just added to the wonderful character of Lola.  Lola was portrayed by the excellent Franka Potente, who with wild flaming red hair captures your attention, and leaves you on edge  through the entire movie.
B00001U0GQ|5.0|This film is so amazing!  Everything is just perfect in this re-telling of the famous book.  Daniel Day-Lewis and Madeleine Stowe are just perfect as Hawkeye and Cora.  The scenery is beyond breathtaking and the music is  beyond words.  This is definately one of the greatest films of all time.
0800103661|5.0|The most interesting thing about this movie is that it seems so possible in the near future.  Andrew Niccol wrote a very smart movie, and I wouldn't be surprised if someday the world is the way he pictures it in Gattaca  (clever title, I agree--g,a,t,and c are the letters of the genetic code).  Great performances from Ethan Hawke, Uma Thurman, Jude Law, and all the  cast, really.  This movie is not only smart and involving, it is starkly  beautiful, and also has an incridibly gorgeous score by the very talented  Michael Nyman.
B00000J7J4|3.0|I've read many of the reviews of &quot;Supernatural&quot; and i've yet to see anyone mention something that is obvious to any longtime Santana fan, that is that this is a &quot;Carlos&quot; album and NOT a  &quot;Santana&quot; album, regardless of what the cover says.<br />Carlos has  always had his career split into two parts, one as a member and leader of  the &quot;Santana&quot; band and one as a solo artist. The albums released  using just the name &quot;Santana&quot; have always implied that they are  ones with the entire Santana band (and nobody else) playing and singing the  music, and although Carlos has changed the lineups in his band many times  throughout the years, his band albums always have a distinct sound. In the  past, whenever he would want to take a break and do something a little  different and play with people outside of his band (such as John  McLaughlin, John Coltrane, Herbie Hancock, The Fabulous Thuderbirds etc.)  he would always label those projects as &quot;Carlos Santana&quot; albums.  Carlos Santana's career has totalled 31 official albums, 24 being  &quot;Santana&quot; albums and 7 being &quot;Carlos Santana&quot; albums,  (Supernatural should have been the 8th Carlos solo project and not the 24th  Santana album) so that makes the ratio around 3/1 in favour of  &quot;band&quot; albums over solo projects. <br />Now, here's why i think the  cd was deliberately mislabelled. You see, Carlos reunited with his original  producer, Clive Davis for this cd, and in doing so he also switced record  labels, leaving his short lived stay at Polydor to join Clive's  &quot;Arista&quot; records. Arista would obviously want a  &quot;Santana&quot; album to be Carlos's first release with them because  the Carlos solo projects, while usually praised by critics, have never sold  well. The Santana &quot;band&quot; was always the more successfull part of  Carlos's two careers, but in the 90's the Santana &quot;band&quot; has  stagnated, releasing only two albums of original material, one a studio cd  and the other a live album, there were three other Santana releases in the  90's, but they weren't new band albums, they consisted of a solo project  with his brother, a box set, and a previously unreleased live album  recorded in 1968 (but that at least featured his far better original  band).<br />The reason for the Santana band's lack of production has been  somewhat to do with Carlos changing record labels twice in the decade, but  it also had a lot to do with the fact that during this time many of the  longtime core band members have changed, they lost or released longtime fan  favorite vocalist Alex Ligertwood and replaced him with less talented  singers since then, they've also gone through several drummers and bass  players, all of whom fail miserably to capture the magic and feel of the  &quot;Santana Sound&quot;, they just don't have the skill or stage presence  that guys from the previous bands did, players like Graham Lear (drums) and  Dave Margen and Alphonso Johnson (bass) are sorely missed. <br />Anyway, Clive  Davis and Arista wanted a hit, and what better way to get one than to  target todays music buyers (mostly kids) by getting a bunch of todays most  popular young artists on the cd with Carlos? it's a no brainer. <br />Now i'm  not saying it's a bad cd, some of the songs are pretty good, the Rob Thomas  song &quot;Smooth&quot; has been a huge hit, (10 weeks at #1 on Billboard  and still there while i write this) and while somewhat over-rated it's an  ok song, and the song with Everlast &quot;Put Your Lights On&quot; could do  just as well if it gets a video and the same kind of promotion. There are a  couple other good tracks , the instrumentals are always Santana's best  tunes on his albums and there are a couple good ones here, but there are  also some bad tunes on this cd (Lauryn Hill?  Carlos what are you  thinking!) but overall it's an ok cd, it's just not a &quot;Santana&quot;  cd. All of Santana'scurrent band members play on it but in minor roles,  it's not a true Santana band effort and shouldn't have been labelled as  one. I'm hoping with his next release Carlos gets back to his roots and  does a real Santana album meaning just him and his band on all the tracks.  I give Supernatural 3 out of 5 stars as a Carlos solo project, but 1 of out  5 if this is really supposed to be a &quot;Santana Band&quot; album and is  representative of what the &quot;new&quot; Santana lineup will be putting  out from now on. <br />My tip to Carlos, now that this cd was a big hit you  should have some leverage (and cash) to work with, so how about doing a  tour to make the old fans happy?, to start you could rehire Dave Walker and  Alex Ligertwood on vocals, then get Graham back on the drums (or better yet  Mike Shrieve if possible) get Tom Coster and Greg Rolie back on keyboards,  Dave Brown, Alphonso or Dave Margen on Bass, and the percussion section is  fine as long as Raul is there. That will restore the &quot;real&quot;  Santana sound that has sadly been missing for the entire 1990's and part of  the 80's.
6304240554|4.0|George A. Romero's first follow-up to his classic Night of the Living Dead is both suspenseful and funny, as we follow four heavily armed refugees who seek shelter above a shopping mall as hordes of zombies close in on them.   Once they've found relative security on top of the mall, they decide  there's no place better than where they're at, so they go shopping!  What  the hell, they need lighter fluid anyway, right?  So they go charging  through the mall, knocking off zombie after zombie in graphic fashion.   Sooner or later, you know they will have to pay a price for this type of  greed, but you never know when one of the humans is gonna get it, and it  gets quite claustrophobic as you wait for the inevitable to occur.  Watch  the zombie body count rise in often new and creative ways; this movie  always makes me laugh!  Not for the squeamish, however.
B000003BES|5.0|THIS IS FROM THE ERA WHEN THESE GUYS WERE A GOOD SINGLES BAND,AND HERE ARE THOSE SONGS. I HAVE OFTEN FELT &quot;THE LAST TIME&quot; WAS PROBABLY THERE MOST UNDERRATED SONG,AND HERE IT IS,ALONG WITH OTHER GEMS FROM THIS ERA.  THIS ALBUM IS WELL WORTH OWNING FROM A TIME WHEN THESE GUYS WERE YOUNG AND  GOOD!
B00002DE2L|1.0|Only Anne-Sophie Mutter could have pulled this off.  If anyone else or even a no name violinist had performed this, the performance would have been considered vulgar!<br />A period performance it is definitately NOT.   Wwwway to romantic for this genre. I feel the performance is just being  different for the sake of being different just to have an excuse for  recording yet another version of this ever so popular piece.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This is a movie unlike any I have ever seen, and a story unlike any I've ever heard of.  The direction, writing, acting, shooting, and music are all brilliant.  It's a shame that the violence (I admit I looked away once) and  the rather extreme and original plot turned so many people off.    Edward  Norton is amazing--he is one of the best (if not the best) actors of his  generation.  Brad Pitt also turns in a great performance, certainly proving  he is a consumate actor and not simply nice to look at.  Helena Bonham  Carter is wonderfully trashy, quite a switch from the beautiful women of  period films she's known for playing.  I think the thing that struck me  most about this film, though (other than Norton, as I haven't seen any of  his other movies yet) was the way it was shot.  Did anyone else notice  Tyler (Pitt) popping up on screen every once in a while for split-seconds  before he actually showed up as a character?    So brace yourself if you  need to and check out this fabulous movie.  Violent, yes, but also (and  moreso) intelligent, creative, and actually often hilarious.
6305307261|5.0|This movie is a must see if you love creatures of the night, I have never seen such a great presentation of the Vampyre, everything from the music to the lighting affects the way you feel about the characters, the ending was  a little bit disappointing, but leaves you wondering what happens, if you  loved the original, you will love this.
B000002GH1|2.0|Beeing a hardcore fan of Simple Minds for some years, this one was the stop for me. &quot;Alive and kicking&quot; is a pretty good track but the rest is nothing special. What a disappointment. Was it the leave of Derek  Forbes that did it ? Perhaps we will never know. Maby they got to big  through their major hit &quot;Dont' you forget about me&quot; and sold  their souls to the americans. Played the big stadiums and got commercial. I  can recommend all albums before this one though.
B000001FQI|4.0|What a departure from their first two albums!   I didn't know what to expect when I picked up this record up, and some songs I'm still not sure I like, but you cannot overlook &quot;Standing on the Corner of the Third  World&quot; and &quot;Famous Last Words.&quot;  These two songs are easily  some of my new favorite TFF songs, and I would highly reccommend this album  to any TFF fans
B00000JCOV|4.0|buy this disc if you want to hear some incredibly aggressive, heavy stuff. some great riffs and the drummer is phenomenal (especially live), but some songs sound too much like korn.  especially the singer, with his whining  and whimpering schtick.  some great screams though, i have to admit.  cool  &quot;hidden&quot; bonus track too.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I absolutely LOVE this CD.  It is Fiona Apple at her finest, the songs are emotional and I found myself relating to them all.  In some way or another these songs touched my soul, and I truly felt like she knew what I was  going through.  I highly recommend this CD to ANYONE who loves that perfect  blend of emotion and poetry.  Her words are deep and meaningful for those  of you who wish to escape the land of music dominated by shallow artists.
B00000064G|4.0|Nick Drake is more than likely one of the greatest artists of our time. It's no wonder a great band like REM mentions this great artist as a major influence in their music making.  Nick Drake ROCKS !
B000000H57|1.0|I saw the video for My Girlfriend's Girlfriend and it was absolutely the worst music I've ever heard.  The lyrics were terrible (not that I could understand them) (and lyrics about polyamory have to be pretty awful for me  to say something bad about them ;), the music was boring, the voice tried  to be creepy and atmospheric but instead wound up clich&eacute;d and  uninteresting, and the singer had an aura of fakeness.  But maybe it's just  me. :)
B00000064G|4.0|Nick Drake is more than likely one of the greatest artists of our time. It's no wonder a great band like REM mentions this great artist as a major influence in their music making.  Nick Drake ROCKS !
B00000JTB2|5.0|Thank God we have CDs, 'cause I'd wear out a vinyl version of this release in no time!  The music is awesome!  The combination of Albert's power and mastery with Stevie's is almost too much to handle. The 'Blues at Sunrise'  track is just amazing.  What a shame these two greats were taken from us  before they had more opportunities to play together.
0767817486|2.0|OK, if you can sympathize with an idiot who would strap several kilos of hash to his body to smuggle them from a country where penalties for such crimes are often met with DEATH, then you can go with this slick,  atmospheric and incredibly violent movie.  Admittedly, it gets under your  skin, and Brad Davis was mightily effective in the role of Billy Hayes, and  John Hurt embodies creepily the stoned out prison mate Billy befriends  during his harrowing odyssey.  But this movie, directed with typical  stylish flair by visual master Alan Parker, never places the blame squarely  on Billy's shoulders, poor dumb guy.  And while his torturous stay in the  Turkish prisons practically smells, it is so dense and well-captured, it  did nothing for the image of Turkey, the country -- it is uncompromising  and brutally vicious in its depiction of virtually every Turkish location,  character and idea, for that matter.  If Turkey was such a pit of despair,  why did Billy decide to buy his hash there?  This movie revolves around a  character who is unrepentant and foolish, and while no one should have to  endure such human indignation, it is hard to escape that simple fact.   Parker's movie, taken on its own terms, has an almost poetic quality at  times, though Billy's dismissal of the Swede's advances actually made me  laugh out loud, and, by the way, was consummated in the book.  With so much  depravity at every turn, and hellish imprisonment your destiny, why  wouldn't Billy seek another human, even if he happens to be a man?
B0000025DV|5.0|I've got a BIG question to ask the world out there: why in the WORLD do magazine critics and the general press in particular all loathe ELO? Every time I've opened one of those &quot;album guide&quot; books hoping to see  someone finally pay ELO their due, I see more slamming, slamming, slamming.  One and two star ratings! Constant insults! I remember one that said, as  their ENTIRE revue for this title, something like &quot;A bunch of  overproduced, pretentious slop masquerading as something important.&quot;  And yet, I've never known anyone who did anything but love them dearly. The  melodies are gorgeous, the orchestra beautiful, the man was a musical  genius. Or used to be, rather... he doesn't seem to have had that same  special touch he briefly had with ELO's glory days (&quot;Face The  Music&quot;, &quot;A New World Record&quot;, &quot;Out of The Blue&quot;,  &quot;Xanadu&quot; and &quot;Time&quot;). But you'll be hard pressed to  find another album out there which is guaranteed to move the heart of  anyone who truly loves and appreciates lovely music. If you want  pretentious slop, check out Journey and Kansas. If you want lovely melodies  heavily influnced by the Beatles/Brian Wilson legacies, check this group  out (George Harrison himself once said that if the Beatles ever reunited  they would sound like ELO. Enough said). This album in particular rates  among Lynne's loveliest, as it knocks itself out to please anyone starved  for musicianship and love in a world of ugliness. There are only two  complaints here. First of all, every ELO album--even solid ones--are  guaranteed to have one incredibly horrible track that positively wilts and  dies in junky commercialism that you will hate with a screaming passion (on  this double-LP length disc, there's two--I guess the rule must be &quot;one  bad song per disc&quot;). In this case, the two big stinkbombs are  &quot;Wild West Hero&quot; and **especially* &quot;Birmingham Blues&quot;.  My second compant is this: while ELO's music is huge, gorgeous and  guaranteed to move the heavens, the big problem here... or at least if  you're like me and like some lyrical substance to go with your songs... is  Lynne's lyrics. They are so flat and non-inspired they'll have you yawning.  It could be argued that the lyrics aren't important and only meant to set a  mood, but the music is simply too perfectly arranged to accept that as an  excuse. If only someone like John Lennon or Bernie Taupin could have been  brought in to write them... But nevertheless, ELO is a truly wonderful  group loved by many to this day for several really wonderful reasons. This  album is one of them.
044651652X|4.0|Unabashedly sentimental and easily moved, I am one of the many many people swept up in the simple love story in this book.  Robert James Waller definitely hit a soapy nerve; people are still gobbling up this simplistic  kids-book-for-adults.  And, easy read though it is, with little real wit or  style, the essential story, which some claim is predictable, still  resonated deeply for me at the conclusion. Unrequited love is a mighty  powerful conceit, regardless of how many times it is replayed.  And the  characters, though underdeveloped, are well-imagined, and have appealing  qualities, particularly Francesca, who exudes a soft melancholy throughout.   Mish, mash, mush, whatever, if you like love stories that take you away,  albeit  manipulate you, with transporting sentimentality, you'll curl up  with this book more than once, and enjoy it every time.
B000002LFU|5.0|Some people would disagree; they would say a different album deserved that ranking, but even with all my other REM albums,Green is the one I choose every time. It affects me on a purely visceral plane. There is something  utterly haunting about it, something very bitterweet, sunny, yet lonely.  The mandolins and Michael Stipe's voice drift through the air and touch a  secret place inside. &quot;Untitled&quot; is beautiful. &quot;World Leader  Pretend&quot; is empowering, in a quiet, determined way. &quot;The Wrong  Child&quot; is poignant, heartbreaking. I recommend this album as a  must-have for any REM fan, or anyone who is looking for their first REM  album, or anyone who is looking for a beautiful, haunting album that will  make you smile and cry and dance and FEEL all at once...
0783225849|5.0|Alfred Hitchock's best scary movies, which of course includes this one, are off-kilter; the pace sets your senses off but continually eludes them.  With PSYCHO, he had the definite benefit of an astonishingly effective Anthony Perkins, who never again would be able to replicate a character  with as much power.  His Norman Bates has invaded our popular culture as  THE definite creepy seductive/weird perfect maniac.  The atmospheric sets,  the lead-you-down-wrong-path opening, and of course the famous shower scene  are merely parts of a masterful whole.  This movie takes its sweet time,  but the tension is nearly unbearable.  And the Bernard Herrman score, which  has been a standard by which to measure all horror movie scores by,  provides the knots-in-your-emotion that is withheld by the players, and the  seductively slow pace.  Not a shot is wasted, not a word seems extraneous.  It is, after all, a darkly terrifying thriller, and it means business.  It  lingers in the mind long after a first, and second, and third....viewing.
B00000IMTH|5.0|This one has it all: Amazing musicianship, great songwriting, excellent production. Blackmore is by far the best guitar player on earth. Dio is by far the best singer on earth. If you love hard rock, you must have this one. I also recommend \\"Rising\\". Too bad I can't give it 6 stars. Only 3 or 4 in the world would make it, and this is one of them. And if you want another great tip on an amazingly heavy and beautiful album, listen to Queen II.
6300218031|5.0|I am not a John Hughes fan, but this disarming movie takes the &quot;teen&quot; out of teen flick.  The characters are so keenly drawn, and the poignant, potent romantic entanglements so utterly winning, that  this movie is hard to resist.  Mary Stuart Masterson is simply  heartbreaking in this movie, and unaffecedly so; Eric Stoltz has never been  more appealing, or attractive.  The details follow suit -- from Keith's  realistic family to the Barbie-like world of the &quot;pretty kids&quot;.   This simple movie earns its well-deserved emotional lift, and remains with  you.
0385484518|5.0|The book reaches to explore areas of life that are often shunned and avoided.  It gives dignity to the dieing, providing insight to the fact that a person is a real individual with feelings and love for all to the  end.  Also, it shows that a person no matter how incapitated, can be a real  player in life, no matter how frail the body becomes.  Being a person that  is facing terminal illness, I recognized Morrie's thoughts and feelings and  understand where he is speaking from.  The book made me feel good to know  there are other people out there who understand that each day is special.
6302150930|5.0|Tess is unlike any other movie made by Roan Polanski you are likely to come across: it is a sweeping, beautiful and deeply felt epic.  Nastassia Kinski, accent completely forgivable, is stunning in this movie, and it  makes sense that this was her springboard to notoriety.  Hardy's story  becomes a feast for the eyes and ears in this version of the compelling  story, what with its spectacular location photography and romantic musical  score by Sarde.  For those of you who love big, old-fashioned epic  romances, with more than a little touch of melancholy, you will love this  movie.
B00000DD2D|5.0|One thing that really makes me a bluesfan,is specially the family style that is always present! What can we expect from an album with these kind of people?Only the best!  This album is one of that dreams,that come true  when you play it!  We didn't say nothing,only hear,hear,hear,....... One  of the bests of my collection!
B00004THO3|4.0|Unabashedly sentimental and easily moved, I am one of the manymany people swept up in the simple love story in this book.  Robert James Waller definitely hit a soapy nerve; people are still gobbling up this simplistic kids-book-for-adults.  And, easy read though it is, with little real wit or style, the essential story, which some claim is predictable, still resonated deeply for me at the conclusion. Unrequited love is a mighty powerful conceit, regardless of how many times it is replayed.  And the characters, though underdeveloped, are well-imagined, and have appealing qualities, particularly Francesca, who exudes a soft melancholy throughout. Mish, mash, mush, whatever, if you like love stories that take you away, albeit manipulate you, with transporting sentimentality, you'll curl up with this book more than once, and enjoy it every time.
078322818X|5.0|American Graffiti is probably one of my favorite movies. It is also one of my mom's which brings me to my point. This movie is an enduring classic that will carry on through the 21st century. Not only is the acting  brilliant, it also tells a compelling teenage story. I believe teenagers  can still relate to some of the issues: going away to college,  relashionships, and dealing with growing up. Two other criteria accent this  movie: the music and the scenery. The nostalgic city life in the 60's and  the killer soundtrack. It also hs some sweet looking cars in it as well.  This is a definite must-see movie.
6305074364|4.0|While the book by Stephen King paints the portrait of psychotic-obsessed fan with glee, Kathy Bates, in this film version of MISERY, brings a pathos and dimension to the character of Annie that drastically improves the  story. Her performance, which is anything but predictable or one-note, as  it is in the book, transforms a simple but compelling tale of obsession  into a dynamic exploration into madness, much like PSYCHO.  I loved the  relative simplicity of this movie, which, by virtue of its claustrophic  plot, rarely leaves Annie's house, and there are moments that actually had  me writhing in my seat.  Rob Reiner wisely leaves the movie mostly in the  hands of his two big pros, and they are up to the challenge.  James Caan is  a perfect foil for Annie's affections/brutality - his age and flashing wit  work well in the role of Paul Sheldon, an author with his own artistic  baggage, but it is Bates who commands the movie from beginning to end.  Her  short monologue in the rain, a gun in her pocket, is so tragically sad that  your fear of her actually melts.  But watch out.
6300263673|5.0|I knew nothing about Dirty Dancing until a few days ago. My girlfriend and I watched it, and I was pleasantly surprised. The movie has a great love story and is mixed with great music. We both enjoyed the movie a great  deal. I'd advise everyone to see this.
6305212112|4.0|This movie, a love letter to the art of telling a good story, tells a might good one itself.  While it is bathed in a kind of autumnal glow, and does not touch the &quot;love that dare not speak its name&quot; (between  leads Mary Stuart Masterson/Mary Louise Parker), it remains hugely  entertaining. The framing device of Jessica Tandy narrating to Kathy Bates  works exceptionally well, and the mystery that propels the narrative  forward may not have incredible suspense, but certainly holds your  imagination.  It is the well-developed and heart-wrenching intimate  friendship between two interesting women that really makes this movie  click.  Colorful, if manipulative, it has the spirit if not the fine-tuned  and saucier observations of Fannie Flagg's superior book.
B000031WD9|4.0|The sript has condensed a lot of High school sexual fantasy and reality into a worthy film. It's refreshing that much of this stuff is related in the perspective of students and free of any real inhibitions. The film has  an R rating, and interestingly, a 15 year old rating in the UK. (For the  content of this film I think the UK rating is more appropriate) There is a  lot to be learnt from watching this film both for parents and kids. Nearly  all the principle students play positive role parts reinforcing what is  normal and healthy in growing up, and relationships. The script is  occassionaly hilarious, often funny, mostly humorous and never heavy. An  upbeet film if ever there was one, and obviously enjoyed by a lot of  moviegoers as it has raked in over $160m so far.
6304539258|5.0|I was so enraptured by this movie when it appeared in 1977 that I saw it 20 times in one summer.  It continues to captivate its audiences, as I witness my nephews now caught up in its imaginative, accessible story and  engrossing characters.  While I still prefer the version without the  special improvements, as they were, this movie will always deliver.  It is  the perfect popcorn adventure, with dashing leads, a swashbuckling sci-fi  story, lots of fun stuff to pepper the proceedings, and a symphony to  underscore it all.  Good vs. evil, and guess who wins?  The ending, which  feels like the finale to a big musical, has you grinning from ear to ear.
B000002J29|5.0|Seconds Out is certainly one of the greatest live albums ever recorded. Recorded primarily during their 1977 tour, This collection captures Genesis at their best..in concert. <br />A nice mix of songs from their previous six  albums are performed here on this sparkling live set. Standouts include I  Know What I Like, in which the band sets off a terrific jam, Afterglow, a  romantic ballad which sounds even more powerful than it's studio version,  The epic Supper's Ready,  which is absolutely mindblowing and the explosive  finale of Dance On A Volcano/Los Endos.<br />Phil Collins powerful vocals  clearly shows he's perfect for the new sounding Genesis and does an amazing  job on the Peter Gabriel songs as well. Tony Banks creates an masterful  atmosphere with his keyboard and mellotron playing. Steve Hackett's unique  and tasteful guitar playing and Mike Rutherford's bass sound terrific.   Touring drummer Chester Thompson is awesome and complements Phil Collins  perfectly.<br />If you're a newcomer to the music of Genesis or only familiar  with the 80's Phil Collins era, then Seconds Out should be one of the first  albums added to your collection. As both a live album and a solid  collection of their 70's songs, Seconds Out is a must have.
1558908366|4.0|Garry Marshall and company pull off an incredible feat with this movie: a hooker on Hollywood Boulevard steals you heart and everything else in the stunning person of Julia Roberts.  We never really delve in to Julia's  obviously troubled past with much concern, nor do we much care that she  clearly states, with candor, her no-no rules when it comes to making  whoopie.  No, this movie is essentially a delightfully fresh and frothy  fairy tale that just so happens to have a rich, devastatingly handsome --  and loose, winning -- Richard Gere in a state of emotional frigidity, and a  gorgeous, grinning, leggy prostitute who wants (and we are convinced)  deserves a prince to carry her away.  Taken on its own breezy and often  amusing terms, Pretty Woman charms the pants off of you. Look for Jason  Alexander in a pre-Seinfeld turn as a piggish lawyer-type, and Hector  Alizondo in his career-making turn as a Hotel Director that wandered in  from Touched By An Angel.  Grown-up fun, silly, and irresistable.
6305426651|5.0|What a wonderful movie!  Roberto Benigni gives an incredible and touching performance first as a prince charming determined to get his girl (Buon Giornio Princepessa!) then as a loving father determined to shield his son  from the horrors of a Jewish prison camp. Bravissimo!
0784011710|5.0|Alan Pakula brings the Styron novel to the screen with period-perfection, and he has in his court a trio of superb performances, lead, of course, by Meryl Streep, who finally won me over with her transformation into Sophie.   The character is layered and rich with emotional baggage, and Meryl's  performances is nothing short of transcendental.  When I saw this movie in  the theatre upon its release, there was an older woman in the audience,  towards the front, who ran screaming from the theatre, her hands on her  ears, during the gut-twisting &quot;choice&quot; sequence.  Kevin Kline and  Peter MacNicol, who do battle over Sophie, and within their own hearts, are  exceptional foils for Sophie, and each brings a resonance to the evocative  Brooklyn locations.  The European sequences, swathed in a sepia tone, are  mesmerizing and horrific.  Sophie's journey is also a mystery, and it  unravels with devastating results.  Marvin Hamlish designed the lush  musical score, which continues to rip my heart open every time I play it.   While Schindler's List is a more gigantic vision of the experience of the  Holocaust, this movie is intensely personal, but does perhaps more to drive  a stake through your heart.  You will continue to wonder, long after the  haunting images of Sophie's face fade from view, what might you have done  in her shoes?
B000031WD9|4.0|I did not see this film in the theater, but I figured I rent it or wait until it showed up on HBO.  But I had a gift certificate to burn so I decided to buy the DVD and see what all the fuss was about.<br />I graduated  from high school almost 10 years ago, so it took me a while to get into the  film.  It just started out a little too juvenile.<br />Bit the film quickly  grew on me as it evolved into more than just high school camp.  By the end  I was well entertained and often rolling with laughter.  &quot;Like this  one time, at band camp...&quot; gets me everytime.  I was not disappointed  with this purchase.  And the DVD has plenty of extras which are worth  checking out.
6303148352|3.0|This movie contains some of the most laughable dialog in recent memory, as well as some of the most ridiculously bad performances EVER in a movie (the Laura Dern/Richard Attenborough scene over the ice cream is classic).  Yet  the terrors are great fun, and, though over-the-top with a typical  Spielberg flourish, deliver in spades.  I particularly love the raptors in  the kitchen and of course the T-Rex, whenever he/she appears.  But unlike  so many of Spielberg's other movies, this one has not held up in terms of  watching it over and over -- after two viewings, I am essentially DONE.  I  think the violence is extreme for kids, so if you are looking for something  for the family and have younger kids, wait a few years.  The special  effects still look terrific, and the basic conceit of dinosaurs somehow  being resurrected certainly inspires one with awe; too bad the populace and  script surrounding this idea are so often ignored. Since this movie was  being completed at the same time Steven was wrapping Schindler's List,  which is infinitely more considered, perhaps Steven figured it would still  make a gazillion dollars without too much attention to, oh, CHARACTERS or,  oh, PLOT.  He was right, of course.
B00000DHR0|5.0|When I purchased this album, I was skeptical. When I heard the first track, &quot;Oh Holy Night&quot;, It brought tears to my eyes! If you enjoy quality music, and a quality vocalist, BUY THIS ALBUM!  YOU WON'T REGRET  IT!  Ave Maria, Shubert's version, is just amazing!
0783235666|4.0|OK, this is one bizarre movie, but it does have that distinctive master's touch all over it -- Hitch is at it again.  The mysterious but thin plot is aided enormously by the deft camera work and mesmerizing performances of  even the worst of the lot (Tippi Hedren is comically self-aware and  bordering on camp).  The shots of the birds themselves and attending  effects have not really dated; there is still an excellent sense of  suspense and terror in their growing legion.  And that we cannot really  unravel the mystery gives the movie an almost mythic quality, as if it  means more than it actually does.  Jessica Tandy provides a hypnotic and  disturbing portrait of a possessive mother (how does this bizarre love  triangle fit into the grander scheme of things? -- one of Hitch's tricks)  -- and Suzanne Pleshette is excellent as an emotionally devastated  schoolteacher -- she blends toughness and vulnerability to perfection in a  small role.  That the birds flying, flapping and screeching provides the  film with its soundtrack only underscores Hitch's sure directorial hand --  who needs a clanging, scary sountrack when the images and well-plotted  suspense do it all for you? It's a treat, no matter how you look at it.
0767821629|4.0|If you like special effects and DVDs that are loaded with extras, this is the movie to buy on DVD.  I didn't know of this movie until it was in the video rental store.  Having watched it, I am buying it.  The Gardigans  video &quot;Erase And Rewind&quot; has been in my mind for 3 weeks.  The  lyrics are great, even though they sound familiar to other songs I've  heard. As with others that have reviewed this flick, I would have given it  5 stars with a better ending, more story into the Douglas Hall evil  character, and where did the 1937 store owner get his money?
6304983778|1.0|Unlike RUDOLPH, FROSTY, GRINCH, etc. (all of the beloved animated television specials made for Christmas) this movie has no heart and comes across as crass and bloated.  While the first few minutes are compelling,  the ultimate vision of the North Pole, the elves, and Santa himself not  only destroy your imagination of such delightful fantasies, but make them  cloying and annoying.  Stick with MIRACLE ON 34th STREET (1947 version! ),  which, with no special effects, manages to paint a perfect and magical  Santa you will believe in always.
B00000JCOV|5.0|To be honest, I was kind of hesitant to buy this album because of their appearance.  I'm not much into the mask thing.  Well I finally bought it and have been kicking myself for waiting so long.  This band is AWESOME.   Some of the hardest stuff i've ever heard.  The only thing is, songs 1 - 6  are totally awesome, then 7-10 are kind of lame and repetitive.  Finally,  11 - 15 kick back into the insanity that i love.  If you like to grit your  teeth and clench your fists around the steering wheel, buy this now.  I  thought System of a Down was the best new band out there until I heard  this.  Isn't it funny how it takes 3 drummers to do what 1 Dave Lombardo  does.  Some of the best drumming since Slayer with Lombardo though.
B000021Y74|5.0|This is one of the most inventing and entertaining films I have seen. I just saw it again on video tonight, I saw it in a theater last summer. Fast, funny, exciting and filled with meaning. Are we products of fate or  circumstance or do we will our own future? Lola is like a force of nature,  stirring up the lives of all around her like so many fallen leaves. Great  flick!
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix is one of the most eye-opening, electrifyingly original movies to hit the big screen in years with Keanu Reeves finally bringing a touch of respectability to the much-maligned virtual reality genre.
0800177177|4.0|From the opening shot till the final credit Dracula is filled with wonderfully weird images and a great performance by Gary Oldman. There is real tension and drama in this telling but...Firstly, Wynona Ryder, while  doing a fine job, is just to cute to be the inspiration of all this  depravity. I just can't see Dracula, the ruthless knight, crossing oceans  of time over her. Then there is Keanu Reeves who is soooo bad and has such  a terrible English accent he destroys every scene he's in. And Lucy's  suitors were just as bad. Anthony Hopkins, whom I usually think is great,  was distractingly hammy but still fun. All in all a good film with some  glaring flaws.
B0000399WI|5.0|This is one of the truly great films of American cinema. Frank Darabont proves not only that the power of hope is the strongest of all, but also shows us the power of the moving image. Outstanding on every level (despite  what leaonard maltin says, the hell with him.)
6300183971|1.0|I had read and enjoyed the first 3 Dune novels and was very excited about seeing this film when it first came out. I'm not quite sure how I managed to sit through this dreadful mess. I did like some of the look of the film  but too many things, like the Guild Navigator, looked so silly it made me  groan. And the special effects were very poorly executed. The giant  sandworms looked like glove puppets. The last scene with the totally  miscast little girl lisping the final grand statement was so bad I still  can't imagine what David Lynch was thinking.  Lynch should have just told  this story as a straight ahead adventure and dropped all the internal  thoughts, they felt very awkward. Even with all its fights and battles Dune  never generates any real excitment or mystery. Flashy and weird yet dull,  like a ball gown on a dead horse.
0345349571|1.0|Once again, Barbara Tuchman has walked the thin line of factual reporting and making the facts personal to the reader.  Yet, she has done so without bending the truth, but enhancing history by illustration of thoughts.  Dr.  Tuchman has done this by including noted paintings of the periods to  explain various views of the time.  She also links facts from one facet of  history at the time and how it contributed to the change or stasis of the  historical point.  Such an approach makes history a joy to study and the  dates (if you are into such numbers!) easy to remember.<br />The 14th Century  is a particular favorite!  Tuchman shows the rise and fall of chivalry,  feudalism, various schisms, and such a plethora of events.  Though they  seem unlinked, she has drawn them together under one cover.  History shall  never see another writer as this.
0679720200|5.0|Camus is brilliant.  I've read this book 4 times, and only after taking a course in existentialism have I realized it's full importance.
B000002X1O|5.0|There is alot going on here musically, and the songs reward repeated listenings.  This music transports you to another world, if you allow it.  A most high recommendation.
B00000ILDE|5.0|There is not one action movie that can match the intensity, excitement, and thrill of Aliens (in my opinion). It has great characters, non-stop action , and terrific special effects (as good as most of the movies today). I do not think that the extra scenes ruin the movie, but they are  definitely NOT necessary. Still, the movie remains awesome the whole way through. A must for anyone's movie collection (well, any action movie fan's collection; probably would sit too well with the drama fans!)
B00001U0DP|4.0|I still give it a good review. Funny, sad, a somewhat happy ending, a decent film, though not as great as some like to think it is. A little overwrought, weepy, and alot of the schtick in the first half, complete rip  offs of Charlie Chaplin. <br />But whatever. Nicely photographed, humourous,  nice story. <br />The key is to remember, is that it is a fairy tale, not a  true story. Therefore the harsh realities of the holocaust were uneeded to  be depicted or in your face. I mean, who alive doesn't know what happened?  The fact is, if you were actually watching, and not waiting for every  opprutunity to jump and critize, is that it was spoke of. &quot;They make  soap and buttons out of us&quot;, I believe were the words. &quot;They burn  us in ovens.&quot; Is it really necessary to see them killing people and  the actual processes involved? The fact that it was implied was enough to  remind us of the horror that was the holocaust.<br />And what were the pile of  bodies there for?<br />As for him saving his son, who, with a child, wouldn't  have that as is first priority? How about only priority ? I sure would! As  much as I love my son, others would be a way, way remote secondary  consideration.<br />A nice date or make-the-wife-cry rental, maybe a buy for  those who think Roberto Benigni is a genius. He's good, but only a recycled  Chaplin.
B0000025US|5.0|I first heard this CD more than 10 years ago and it has yet to lose its impact.  It is full of virtuoso performances that do not dull the impact of its blend of master guitarists.  This CD was my gateway to the world of  jazz and flamenco guitar.  I would recommend it to anyone.
B000002C1Z|5.0|Five songs. That's all there is on this album. So going into it, you have to know that there are the breathtaking 15-minute epics that just blow your mind. At least it does that to me. I like to just kick back and let the  boys take me away on a journey that is different every time I listen to the  album. And when I say listen to the album, I mean the whole album. This is  an album that you almost have to listen to in it's entirety, because it  won't let you stop listening. You get caught up in all that is happening,  and before you can figure out what all of Waters' lyrics really mean, it's  all over. So you have to listen to it again and again. Buy this right now.
6304510861|5.0|This movie rocks!  It was violence, nudity, and is the most messed up thing I have ever viewed! This is one of Bill Pullman's best offerings and Marylin Manson's role as a porn star is inspiring.At least rent this  movie, it's worth a watch.
6305428220|5.0|This is easily one of the best movies i have ever seen.  Now, of course there are parts in it that not everyone should see, but i think it is worth covering your son/daughter's eyes.  Now i am a kid on their side and i was  only able to see this at a friends house, so i saw the whole thing. (i am  13)  In conclusion, i think that this is a very suitible movie for, lets  say 10 and up. Thanks Will
B0000025QC|5.0|I have 200 Cd's from classical to country and this is my all time favorite.  The better your audio equipment the better it gets.  It will capture any mood you want to create.  The electric harp is so smooth! You  will never tire of hearing this album
0316548189|5.0|As a South African to sum it up, I fell emense pride for my country.  I write this review on the day before christmas.  Where was Mandela for 27 Christmas' ? In Prison. Apartheid torn our country apart but was sewn  together by one man, one leader and one fellow South African, Nelson  Mandela.
B000002513|5.0|I have been an avid fan of Bruce Springsteen since 1976.  Along the way, I have listened and appreciated the giants of rock and roll  -- Elton John, the Allman Brothers, the Who, Peter Gabriel, the Rolling Stones, and U2, to  name a few.  I keep coming back to Bruce Springsteen.  I think I know why.   There's no other performer who writes for us, the people who work, laugh,  play, grieve and struggle.  He makes us take his songs seriously, yet never  letting us forget that rock and roll is entertainment, and yes, indeed fun,   for us all.  This album above all never leaves me. In particular, New York  City Serenade is so haunting, rich in story, and teasingly eclectic that I  never seem to forget it.  As with Bruce's other best songs, it is as  powerful for what the lyrics don't say.  We, the listeners are left to  think, create and fill in the gaps in this epic about the vulnerability and  emotional nakedness of life in New York City.  Many fans know Springsteen  only for his later works.  This is where it all started, and listening to  this album, this quintessential piece of Americana, is without question a  rich and pleasurable experience.
B00000IPAX|5.0|Don't pay attention to the reviews that say they are &quot;sellouts&quot;-they're a great band who happens to be on a wave of success, and I call that talent, not selling out.  This CD is PURE PUNK.   The beats are wonderful, and the songs are unique.  You can blast this in  your car or listen to it in your room. This is the very CD that started my  new found passion for punk, and I'm sure others will enjoy it too.
B000031WD9|5.0|You're gonna love this movie. How can you not? The environment these teens grow up in is how I grew up. The guys braggin about all the girls they bagged and how the one guy is all experimenting. The frustration, the  longing, it's totally what most people went through during their high  school years. The peer pressure to conform, the anecdote of how the quiet  ones are really the strange one, this movie plays to sterotypes but who  cares. We all have people in our lives who are just like the characters. So  if you were the kind of person who laughed when your friend farted in class  or was extremely nervous see a body of the opposite sex, this movie is  dedicated to you. <br />But if you're prudish and think that the human body is  disgusting, the obviously don't watch it. Go buy the little mermaid  instead.
B000023VTQ|5.0|In a word, this movie was WONDERFUL.  Hugh Grant gives an incredible performance, as does Julia Roberts.  It's funny, sweet, quirky and romantic all rolled into one magnificent movie.  If you like real ROMANTIC comedies,  you'll love this.  And guys, I saw this movie with a good male friend, and  I'm sure he liked it just as much as I did.  I hope this movie becomes a  classic for future generations to experience.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Metallica had gone off track recently but this album shows that they were never far from their truth.  This is their best set since BLACK.
B000002OOY|5.0|This is the abosolute best original score for a very enternatining film! This is score ranks higher than Star Wars. A must buy!
B00002MZ2C|5.0|This is the finest release by the pioneers of the rap-rock genre.  The musicianship is unparalled and the lyrics are hard hitting.  This cd captures the intensity of the best live band in the world.  Check out  &quot;Radio&quot;, &quot;Sleep Now&quot; and &quot;Broken Man&quot;  they  rock.
B00001QGPR|3.0|I expected a lot more than I got. It is still good fun listening the first few times. After the 5th time I got really bored. I really think the album would have been a lot better if guitarist and co-writer Reeves Gabrels  would have been sacked. I think he is the weak point in Bowie's normally  creative composing. He is too much of an influence to Mr. Bowie. If you  compare the guitarists Carlos Alomar (He worked with Bowie on several  albums in the late seventies and the early eighties) and Gabrels you will  understand what I'm talking about. The best way to discribe Reeves'  guitarplay is that it's whining. It has no rythem like that of Carlos.  Reeves really tries to give the impression that he can play like Hendrix.  But he most certainly doesn't. If Bowie sacks Gabrels and takes on a new  guitarist, the next album will be a lot better. Maybe some collaborations  with some other artists will help him regain his creativity. Excluding the  pathetic R&amp;B artists of today.
B000002UAO|5.0|This album is not reccomended for morons like &quot;lkeener&quot;, a music hater to the hilt.  I'll bet he'd give high praise to Snoop Doggy Dog or Michael Jackson!
B00000JJQK|4.0|God only knows what Pet Sounds would have sounded like without the Beatles. Its a very good album, and I'm sure, at the time, it was groundbreaking. But for all this Beatle-bashing, I don't get it. Its  obvious the Beatles were influenced by the Beach Boys, and many others. WHO  WASN'T. By the  same token, the Beatles influenced all in return (with  interest). Funny thing is, Pet Sounds is  widely praised BECAUSE of the  Beatles. Paul McCartney never skips a chance to praise it. The Beach  Boys(actually Brian Wilson) should be very proud of this achievement, but  the Beatles have a few other albums they can hang their hat on.  Still,  it's much better than any of that Stones garbage.
B000002UAX|5.0|The fact that this album still sounds so good 30+ years after it was made (and 12 years before I was born) is proof of its greatness in itself. Face it, the latest Creed cd isn't going to hold up 30 years from now.  This  does with flying colors, even though countless bands have tried to imitate  the Beatles and steal their ideas over the past 3 decades.  Often imitated,  never duplicated.  No other band in music history was/is capable of going  from rock to mock-reggae to soul to blues to folk to pop to avante-garde on  the same album with such expertise.  Easily one of the ten best albums of  all time.
B00000K2SC|3.0|I debated on watching The Matrix because this type of movie usually does not appeal to me. I only heard good things and decided to give in. I hated the movie. It was too violent and the meaning was not as deep as everyone  made it out to be. If you don't think you will like it you probably won't.  I will stick to movies such as Notting Hill.
B000002H70|5.0|The Cure's very Best to date! BUY THIS! Nothing more needs to be said here.
B00000K2SC|3.0|I debated on watching The Matrix because this type of movie usually does not appeal to me. I only heard good things and decided to give in. I hated the movie. It was too violent and the meaning was not as deep as everyone  made it out to be. If you don't think you will like it you probably won't.  I will stick to movies such as Notting Hill.
B00000JG4N|5.0|This really is a classic rock album. With songs like the title track 'S.O.S.', 'She goes down', 'stick sweet','Slice o' your pie' and 'kickstart my heart' it is quite simply a must have album for any fan of real rock  music.<br />I don't really like the ballads on this album much, but the rest  of it is just pure party rock.<br />This is one of my all time favourite  albums and if you like hard rock I seriously suggest you buy it.
B000002TQV|5.0|Radiohead give their best. The whole album is a master-stroke just as every song for its own. And every song was put in the right sequence, that means melancholy heart-beaters take turns with angry mind-stormers. This is  the soundtrack for my life, no matter what season, mood or place.
B00000IOSU|1.0|the problem with sarah is she cannot decide if she'd like to be tori amos or celiene dion.  she fails miserably at both. for an example of a TRULY passionate live performance, try ani difranco's &quot;living in clip&quot;  or tori amos' &quot;to venus and back&quot;.
B0000025OP|5.0|This is a wonderful album best enjoyed in a weary state of mind and with a bottle of wine. It swings, it chills you, it touches you. I do rank this album among Dylan's best stuff. Personal favourite song: Dirge. But Going,  going, gone and Wedding Song are incredible as well. There are no bad songs  on this one. If the world makes you feel cold, let this album embrace you.
6305627347|4.0|Very funny and witty. The whole fact that the storyline is what parents thought of this movie cracks me up. See the storyline is that parents don't want the South Park kids going to see a R rated movie, which is what  happened with this movie itself. Very funny, but there is a lot of really  sickening stuff that could of been left out. But once again........very  FUNNY.
0393314804|5.0|flat out brilliant, thats all that can be said.  read it for yourself and find out.
6305627347|4.0|Very funny and witty. The whole fact that the storyline is what parents thought of this movie cracks me up. See the storyline is that parents don't want the South Park kids going to see a R rated movie, which is what  happened with this movie itself. Very funny, but there is a lot of really  sickening stuff that could of been left out. But once again........very  FUNNY.
B000031XCR|5.0|This is unquestionably her best album ever! I had my doubts due to the repetition of several songs from previous albums, but the total package of new and old songs is really fantastic!  Although I would have also enjoyed  the inclusion of some of her best efforts in the French language (no, I  don't speak French), I find that this album is truly a great compilation  for Celine to retire with (hopefully only a few years). I would recommend  this album to anyone....even the only occasional Celine listeners!
B00000DGUG|2.0|Alanis lost her way. What happened to that music wisdom? Her lyrics still bear the distorted human soul, and they are even stronger in this new cd, but the melodies just dont fit. Well, &quot; Thank U&quot; and &quot;  Joining You&quot; are masterpieces, but the rest of the songs are drowning  in the sea of frailty.
0553278398|5.0|The good Doctor did it again with this fantastic work of future history. This time, were introduced to a younger Hari Seldon during the years of his pioneering work in Mathematics, the development of Psichohystory, the  branch of math the enables to predict the future in a scientific way. Of  course, we all know this, but the book centers on the main problems that  worry Harry, such as Imperial pressure to develope his theory, and weather  or not could it be grounded on strong basis. This is a great introductory  work, not only to the Foundation series, but to Asimovs work as well.
B00003003R|4.0|Im gonna tell you the truth about this album. If you are a fan, youll like it, because the live performance for Nightrain, Youre Crazy, Used To Love Her, You Could Be Mine, Rocket Queen, Dont Cry and Paradise City is fantastic. The others are just ok.. and Dust N Bones, Knocking on Heavens Door and Patience are terrible.If you are not a fan, dont buy it, because this album was made for those who already bear the feeling of those compositions. Here goes the main point: never buy a live album if you dont love the originals. To like is not enough, you have to love.
0688170528|5.0|I literally could not put this book down. The characters were all very interesting, though, when the book ended I still felt like I didn't quite understand Emily's desire to die.I had a hard time thinking it was from  just one incident.  I recomment this book to anyone who wants to get  completely absorbed by a story.
B00001MXXG|5.0|why would people say this movie doesnt appeal to the teenagers of today as much as it did back then i think this movie is hilarious and i am 15 and my parents bought it for me for christmas and i cant wait to watch it on dvd.  I watched it for about the 100th time tonight on comedy central . Great  Flick
B000002MP2|5.0|Green Day is a very good example of how a punk band should be. All the songs are like anthems. I would not reccomend the album to pop music lovers but to mainstream rock fans like myself. I was not a hard rock fan back  when I bought this album four years ago, but now I am really into it.
0783114222|5.0|Heck, I haven't even seen the series yet, and the reviews make it sound's like a excellent production. And I'm sure it is. The only problem is that it's to late to get it on my Christmas wish list. RATS!
B000002HRE|5.0|I agree with the guy who said that the newer fans such as myself and friends of mine who not only dig the new stuff VERY much but get into the older stuff even more. I don't know I guess the younger generation has a  better taste for music because RELOAD is a great album. Does it compare to  Master of Puppets or Ride the Lightning? No, if anything it comes close to  being better than the Black album, but that has to many classics. Really  though how many albums do compare to Master of Puppets or Ride the  Lightning or the Black Album? I can't think of many.<br />I never heard a song  that was boring on RELOAD. I enjoyed every song and they really grow on  you. I do wish they had kicked up the heaviness in some places such as on  Bad Seed they should have went heavy when James says &quot;Bad&quot;, but  eventhough it is also a great song nonetheless. <br />Great songs are: All of  them!<br />Not so great songs are: Upon first listen Memory Remains can be  annoying but it grows on you real quick.<br />Metallica really shows their  complexity with this album and do it in a way that still ROCKS very much.  If you are a person who can't appreciate music for what it is then this may  not be for you but if you like Hard Rock that is complex in its make up and  not just Heavy disstortion throughout then this is for you.<br />Metallica are  very skilled song writters and RELOAD shows it.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Energetic, exciting, fresh ...This CD is great and as exciting as it is, it does not take a bakcseat to what Santana has been doing for 30 years.  While Smooth is getting a lot of airplay, many cuts on the CD stand up as  well.
630438551X|1.0|this is a poorly made film for one thing i have seen better acting from five year olds it had none of the heart and passion that made it such a touching play in the first place and can i just say to all the girls out  there going goo goo gaa gaa over whats his name get a grip you were asked  to review the movie not him and i would also like to share with all of you  that &quot;leo&quot; didn't write the play nor did he help write it william  shakespeare died over 400 years ago so you can stop giving him your congads  on the &quot;book&quot; it wasn't him shakespeare did it all by himself
B0000028VT|5.0|one of the classier album of mariah, she sounds really good in hero and also dreamlover, but in fact there are other greater hits in this album, neverforget, music box, and now that i know!
B000002UAR|5.0|When I was in high school I was obsessed with the Beatles, I remember being called &quot;Beatle girl&quot; on the bus and taking it as a compliment.I had every single thing they ever recorded, I mean everything,  and I always liked Revolver better than Sergeant Pepper. Don't get me  wrong, I liked and respected Sergeant Pepper a lot but Revolver just had  something special about it that really appealed to me. Unfortuntly my first  copy of Revolver was the American edition and it excluded I'm Only  Sleeping, And Your Bird Can Sing, and Doctor Robert. This was only a few  years ago too so watch out if you buy Revolver on tape because some places  still sell the old American version on tape. The Beatles were what got me  into seriously listening to and loving music and though I don't really  listen to them much anymore they still hold a special place in my  heart.<br />One other thing, theres no use arguing about the Beatles and the  Stones. They are both great bands and you should be able to respect and  like both. Please do not write about the Beatles vs the Stones because it  is rather infantile.
B00002Z88D|4.0|I never liked heavy Metal much in the past. Until I heard the Black album and I was sold. In fact because of it, the only rock concert I ever went to was a Metallica concert. Then came Load and Re-load and I thought &quot;oh  boy&quot;. I mean, even the Anton Corbijn pictures on the covers were  really reaching. But I noticed that years later the music (and that's what  it's all about) is still catchy. It would seem that they were right with  hindsight to explore new territory musically (and I guess photographically  as well) after all. I suppose once you get hooked to a music type as a fan,  any changes to the status quo seem disillusioning. I've gotten used to the  idea now that the Metallica sound will change in time, and therefore I  appreciate this recording even more. They've got the balls to carry on, and  not get rusted into place, where many of their old fans would apparently  like them to be. I got goosebumps from hearing &quot;Master of  Puppets&quot; and now I'm thinking of buying the original recordings to  compare the two versions. What makes Metallica such a great band is that  they dare to traverse musical boundaries and make their message heard to  not only hard-core HM types, but to all music lovers. And that's exactly  what they did here.
B000002KO3|5.0|Ever since Phish covered the ENTIRE Remain In Light album in 1996, i've been listening to these blokes. I really enjoy it. Remain in Light is great, and STOP MAKING SENSE is the greatest Rock N Roll movie EVER made!   (Along with The Last Waltz and Decline of Western Civilization.
B0000074Q9|2.0|very disappointed, balance lacks the originality that is vh, can't stop loving you sounds like it was thrown together in 15 minutes, as far as tracks like aftershock and feeling, they sound like teeny bopper surface  rock, although vh is my favotite band of all time, they made the right  decision in replacing sammy, his lyrics on this one are sooooo childish  they might as well be poison. still love ya vh!
B000035Z3K|5.0|This DVD is a real treat for fans of Lugosi and Dracula.  This disc has 3 &quot;versions&quot; of the 1931 film Dracula.  The first is the original Lugosi version with restored extended groaning at the end when Dracula  dies.  The 2nd version is merely the original with an added modern score.   The third version is a spanish version that was filmed on the same sets  with spanish-speaking actors after the american crew had packed up for the  day.<br />The image quality is the best it has ever been although somewhat  grainy at the beginning of the film.  The DVD has an excellent optional  running commentary as well as a great documentary film explaining the  genesis of Dracula and its transition from book to stage to screen.   Finally, this DVD has a nice selection of movie posters, lobby cards and  stills as an added feature.<br />This disc is a collector's dream!
068483605X|5.0|I read this book as a challenge to an overbearing teacher who didn't think sixth graders could read big books.  At first it was almost a chore to read, but before I realized it I not only finished it, but read two more  times that year.  The fact that the book is mainly about rabbits is very  misleading.  They are real people.  They have a unique culture and customs.   When a book about small fury creators can make you want to cry (the  chapter with the wire), you either found a good book, or lost your mind.  I  still have a brain so I think it was the book.  I have managed to go  through at least 5 copies of the paperback, they keep falling apart....  maybe I should buy the hardcover?
0385493800|4.0|The Testament is very good, giving the reader views about everything in The Pantanal, and about the struggles of life there. The first 50 or so pages are great, giving you a narrative description of how Mr. Phelan, the  billionaire himself on what he thinks of his family, and everything from  the suicide to the decision to write a new will are great. Mr. Grisham in  no way disappoints the reader who expects to see a lot of money involved,  greed, and vulture-like ways of lawyers. Good book, a bit different  scenario than most Grisham novels, having most characteristics of Grisham's  previous bestsellers.
B000000FG8|5.0|This is easily the best CD I own. I got it because it sounded like my former favorite band, Sublme, and the first time I listened to it I was jumping around asnd doing flips off my bed...hehe. I scold the reviewer  below this somewhere that claims Limp Bizkit is deeper than Op Iv....yeah  right Op Iv has the best lyrics I have ever heard. They make you think and  make so much sense. Im grateful that Op Iv never became  mainstream...Imagine when middle school student would have Blink 182 and  Operation Ivy written on their backpack..that would be a very dark day.  Anyways if you like punk/ska (NOT Green Day and Blink 182) then I highly  reccomend that you go out and buy this CD immediately, you will not be  dissapointed!
0385493800|5.0|Please, bear in mind that people read your reviews in order to decide whether or not to buy a certain work.  When writing reviews of these books, please remember to not give away the entire plot of the book.  If that's  what we had in mind, we would find Cliff's Notes.  Thank you for your time.
0345363132|5.0|Really a gem .This subject is very difficult to write about well without having a vast amount of research and study.The author has both and has a magical pen. She excelled in her prior books 'Here be Dragons'and 'Fall the  Shadow' the story of the Welsh wars.And particularly about the heroic yet  little known Simon Monfort. Those books made you stay up all night without  being able to put them down.This  does the same. This topic is much closer  to us in time and in reality as political intrigue and betrayal are still  with us. Wonderful reading
B00000J7J4|5.0|I like the new song &quot;Smooth&quot; very much! I play it all the time on my pc...It makes me want to get up &amp; dance &amp; sing! I like that &quot;feel good&quot; music &amp; this song makes me feel very good!  Santana is a great group!
B000021Y77|5.0|I loved the movie, largely due to the incredible music.  This is a movie to own because you can sit down and watch as a regular movie or you can play it on your DVD and watch casually, similar to watching MTV (when it  actually plays videos), and enjoy the  great music accompanied by the  interesting visuals.
B000000W5B|2.0|&quot;Angie&quot; and &quot;Heartbreaker&quot; are brilliant, but every other song is mediocre at best. For those who think the Mick-Taylor-version of the Stones was the best version of the Stones, I wish you the fate of  being wrecked on a desert island with only this album to listen to. (Ron  Wood rules).
B000008LH5|5.0|I recently bought \\"Ten Years After Recorded Live\\" on CD. I definitely missed it, primarily because my only other copy was on vinyl, bought when vinyl records were 'in'. This is *THE* definitive Ten Years After album, and a perfect display of Alvin Lee's raw excellence. People have a tendency to think that live albums aren't usually very good. In some cases that may be true, but not in this one. This live recording is of superb sound and quality, and it has captured the raw performance essence of one of the world's greatest heavy blues-rock bands. Alvin Lee's Gibson guitar tone comes out solid, warm and flowingly brown through his Marshall stacks. Recorded in Europe where the rock fans are known more for listening than making noise, the band displays a tight repertoire of rocked up British blues, fronted by Lee's guitar extravaganzas. \\"Help Me\\" is easily one of the greatest live blues-rock recordings ever done, right up there with Cream's \\"Crossroads\\". Listening to this album has been a rejuvenated pleasure.
B000002KB8|5.0|This is the album that started the entire Heavy Metal movement.  Every Metal band that is prevalent today has been influenced in one way or another by Sabbath's music.  This album has succeeded in doing the one  thing that other metal albums have not: Sending a chill down its listeners'  spines, and causing the members of an entire generation to observe the  world around them for being the dark and twisted world that it really can  be.  There's a great effect on the first song &quot;Black Sabbath&quot;  that required no synthesizers, and that was the added rainstorm and ringing  bell.  It gives the listener the impression of a dark, stormy English night  filled with the lost souls of many, and a flicker of evil in the air.  It  blends wonderfully with the lyrics about a horrible satanic ritual gone  awry.  &quot;Behind The Wall of Sleep&quot; and &quot;N.I.B&quot; help  bring the album along with the bands' main views on life, and drops off at  the end with the &quot;Warning&quot; medley.  This is a great album with  some great sound, and I recommend this album for anyone interested in  ground-breaking music, or anyone interested in finding out the beginnings  of Heavy Metal.
B000031WD9|5.0|I've seen this movie at the theatres and thought it was awesome. I just wanna know what's the difference between the unrated and rated version?
B000002E5J|4.0|I've heard Shakira described as a &quot;Latin Alannis Morrisette&quot;, which doesn't do her justice.  Yes, she can rock just as hard, but unlike Morrisette she can *sing*, too.  She's young, she's beautiful, she's  enormously talented--I can hardly wait to see what she'll do next.<br />The  only reason I give &quot;Pies Descalzos&quot; four stars instead of five is  because her most recent album, &quot;Donde Estan Los Ladrones?&quot; is  just so damn good.  I've thoroughly enjoyed &quot;Pies  Descalzos&quot;--don't get me wrong--but &quot;Donde Estan Los  Ladrones?&quot; is simply a more mature, stronger work overall.  <br />I still  heartily recommend this CD--it is a very strong work, particularly for one  so young, and it is interesting to see how much Shakira grew as an artist  in the brief time between this album and &quot;Donde Estan Los  Ladrones?&quot;
B00000K2SC|5.0|If you haven't seen this movie, be prepared for the best sci-fi action movie in years.  One viewing will leave you with your hair blown back.  Then when you dig into multiple viewings, trying to find errors and  inconsistencies, you realize that the Wachowski brothers have put the care  and thought into a movie that YOU, the true sci-fi fan, would put into it.  If only you had their talent. ;) The story is consistent and intellectually  stimulating, the ideas fresh and original, the action exciting, and the  cinematography creates a perfect, consistent atmosphere.  The lighting,  camera angles, and special effects combination is like the perfect spice  that you just can't put words to, but just want to eat again and again.  If  they can do this consistently, movie fans can rejoice for years to come.   Forget the usual Hollywood cheese, the Wachowski brothers have created a  true classic.
B000002UY3|4.0|Mazzy Star's first album is a venture into a world of psychadelic rythms and distorted guitar riffs.  However, the authentic sound provides for an album full of deep, dreamy, and sometimes dark, songs.  Most notably of all  the songs on this album is &quot;Give You My Lovin'&quot;, which is a  little more upbeat than the average song on this album.  All in all, She  Hangs Brightly is a great album from a band that has strayed from the norm  and created a sound that makes them not only unique and refreshing, but  also very enjoyable.  I strongly recommend this album.
0449227545|1.0|I don't know what's worse in this book:  the writing, the plot, or the character development.  The writing is so stilted and uninspiring that I cannot believe this is the same author who wrote &quot;A Place Called  Freedom.&quot;  Even more amazing are the reviews by people who actually  thought this was a good book!  There is simply no room for intelligent  disagreement about this book.  It stinks.
B000002MTR|2.0|I am a huge chillipepers fan and this CD was no more than decent. It had a few decent songs but it is truely lacking. The biggest problem was the chemistry (or lack of) with guitarist Dave Navaro. If you really want the  full chilli peppers effect check out BSSM, Calafornication, What hits?, The  Uplift Mofo Party Plan, or Mothers Milk. BSSM (Blod Sugar sex Magik) is a  must have.
B00000J7S8|4.0|We received the CD for a present and were unfamiliar with Diana. When we first listened, we were swept away by her charm, grace and muscial styles. This is a perfect complement to any female songstress collection.
B0000399WI|3.0|As the Shawshank Redemption is one of my favorite movies I was very anxious for a dvd release. I had heard that the dvd would include quite a few special features and warner bros. usually delivers. After just recently  purchasing it I found nothing much at all. Just a few stills and a trailer.  Some of the menus (like the language option) don't even work right. The  only thing I can say is the sound and music is better than ever. I just  think that this classic movie deserves better than a feature light, holiday  rushed release....
6305073341|5.0|Robocop took the street cop aspect, a few comic book elements and relentless violence and rolled it into one of the best movies ever. Those who like something of substance and violence will find this one worthwhile.
B00000IKSC|5.0|This video is wonderful.  They really show their musical talent. If you are any fan what so ever, you will get this video.  They sing solo and together.  It is great.  I got it and I am not sorry.  GO OUT AND SPEND THE  MONEY.
0064471047|5.0|This is a timeless, priceless tale that I love with all my heart. I like how it has caritors you love and carictors you know are very, very evil. It also takes something from the bibal. There is a scene where the lion is torched so that he can take a sin from a young boy. He of course comes  back. There are of course other scene I would love to tell you all about  but that would ruin the story. so I tell you go and read it because this is  one of the best books I have ever read.[and I'm really not kidding.] So  what are you waiting for GO AND  READ!
B000031XCR|3.0|It seems Celine was trying to put a quick &quot;Best oF&quot; before Christmas.  It's not a bad cd, however I think she could have put a little more effort into it.  It lacks several of her best singles &quot;Where Does  My Heart Beat Now&quot; &amp; &quot;All By Myself&quot;. The new songs are  lovely though, I would rather have had an all new Celine album &amp; waited  for a double Greatest Hits package.
6303212379|5.0|I think that this is the best movie in the world! Alot of people don't know about this movie, but I think that more people should see this. It is very entertaining, and Sloth is the funniest freakin thing in the world!
B000031XCR|4.0|I thought the cd was great!  The older songs had me singing along happily.  However, the newer songs were not as memorable.  They were vague and bland. &quot;That's the way it is&quot; and &quot;If walls could talk&quot;  were pretty good though.  If she was going to do a greatest hits cd though  she should have added just one or two new songs and more oldies.  It would  have been a lot better.
B0000028RR|5.0|Wow, get this CD! If your a big Rage fan and don't have this CD i don't know if your a true rage fan. It's their best CD this or the battle of Los angles! Get it, well worth your money!<br />Fav tracks(from this CD)-Killing  in the name of, Wake up
B0000214F3|5.0|I am only 14 years old and I loved this movie!  I know critics have said it drags on and on, but if it weren't three hours long, how would the feelings of all the characters be expressed?  My whole family watched it  together, and by the end of the movie everybody was in tears.  So this  movie is definitely not just for adults.  I recommended this movie to all  of my friends, and I admit that when they watched it they did not fully  understand the concept.  However, if you really &quot;feel&quot; this movie  and the magic of it all, it will become one of your favorites.  In my  opinion it's one of the greatest masterpieces of all time!
0880793589|5.0|I was refered to the &quot;Whack Pack&quot; by a very successful computer game designer.  <br />If the pros find the &quot;Whack Pack&quot; useful, it must be quite worth getting for any project you come across.
B000002I6T|5.0|I first heard this when it first came out in the early 70's...CSNY was reviberating in everyone's mind and then came this came out...The cover of the album and the title says it all...the songs TAMALPAIS HIGH AND TRACTION  IN THE RAIN I can still hear in the mind's eye 29 years later... (The album  was lost in one of many moves between the 70's and 80's)..I grew up  listening to the Tempts,Stevie Wonder, Smokey, Classical Music, Dizzy  Gillespie, Miles Davis, Stan Getz and Dave Brubeck but it was CSNY and  Crosby who inspired me put down a trumpet, pick up an acoustic guitar and  learn to sing... A whole generation owes this group and CN a standing  ovation for creating the type music that was exactly what was needed. They  crossed racial (Some african americans still know the lyrics to Suite Judy  Blue Eyes) and genre barriers, being named by Down Beat magazine Best Vocal  Group for 2 or 3 years in a row...For me a lot of the essence of the late  60's and early 70's will forever be caught up in CSNY's music and the  essence of CSNY was Crosby....Again, for the mystic in all or some of us  the album cover is an invitation to exploration and your inner ear and  inner vision will be illuminated. Joseph F. Mayers
0767903811|5.0|I am a Bill Bryson reader in England and I would like to say I have read the UK edition of this book and several other Bill Bryson titles, and I think Bill Bryson has done a lot to enhance the image of the USA in  Britain, not harm it, and has increased understanding between British and  American people. I think Bryson is so popular in America because British  people like America so much and so are interested in his commentary of it.  I am glad to see most reviews by Americans here are positive, but I think  the ones which aren't are missing the real point of what Bryson is trying  to do. To begin with I feel that the criticism offered of the USA can  constructive, rather than just complaining for the sake of it. Bryson  obviously loves America but is saddened by some aspects of it and wants to  offer an alternative view of how, in his opinion, the USA could be improved  even further. I find that people rarely bother to suggest improvements for  countries they don't like because they don't care about them. It's only  because Bryson obviously loves America that he cares enough to try and  suggest ideas to improve the areas in which he feels the country has lost  its way. Also a lot of the criticism is not actually comparing America  unfavourably to other countries, but to America as it was before he left  it- he's suggesting that some things have improved but others used to be  better in the past-there's nothing anti-American about suggesting that some  older American ideas and values should have been preserved. I think  criticising Bryson for a &quot;phoney accent&quot; is a little unfair- he  did live in England for almost two decades and it is well-known that people  tend to pick up the speech patterns of those around them, which explains  why Bryson may have a sort of American/English hybrid accent. Bryson  certainly can be said to love England and be an Anglophile, but that  doesn't mean he can't love America too- being patriotic does not mean you  have to loveyour own country so much that you can't be allowed to see  anything good or even better in another country, or enjoy living in another  country- and remember that much as Bryson loved England, he still moved  back to America to live- not something he would have done if he disliked  America.  This book contains much praise for America as well as criticism  and I think it is balanced and fair. Bryson certainly exaggerates some of  his experiences but it is obvious when he is doing it and it is just for  comic effect, not to be misleading. This book has made me want to visit the  USA more, not less. I would suggest US readers try and obtain copies of his  excellent book &quot;Notes from a Small Island&quot; about Britain- they  will find Bryson offers exactly the same blend of praise- AND CRITICISM!-  of Britain as he does of the USA. I found his book on my country to be  inspiring- certainly it was nice to read the praise but instead of feeling  upset by the criticism I found myself agreeing with most of it and thinking  about how Britain might change for the better. It's only through balanced  criticsm a country can keep constantly re-evaluating itself and so keep  cutting-edge through constant improvements. Bill Bryson is offering the USA  his own opinions on how America might be improved because he genuinely  loves the country- whether you agree with him or not, I think that's a  statement of his confidence in the USA, not his dislike of it! Whether you  come from the USA, Britain or elsewhere, buy this book- and enjoy!
B000000WZ4|5.0|DEPECHE MODE has a distinct, unique style that they have made for themselves over the years... ULTRA doesn't quite have that same old DM feel like all of their past albums. There is a new kind of intensity to this  album which is slightly more modern, JaZzy (some songs), deep, and soulful.  Physically, with this slight change in their sound, and lyrically, with  more impacting, intense and moody themes, You can deffinately sense that DM  has turned a new page with ULTRA. I've begun to think that as DM have aged,  and have grown to understand life a little better, they have incorporated  more of their worldliness into their songs. this is visible in songs such  as INSIGHT with the line, &quot;this is an insight into my life&quot;, and  HOME which is about realizing one's place in life (in other words, their  &quot;home&quot;) and getting comfortable in their own little niche.  Anyway, every track is great, I love THE LOVE THIEVES and HOME the best,  both of which are a little more mellow and melodic. And ITS NO GOOD and  BARREL OF A GUN come in strong with DM's classic adrenaline power trip.        This cd is a must have because it marks the beginning of a new trend for  DM which their newest single, ONLY WHEN I LOSE MYSELF, seems to follow  closely. They haven't missed a beat with this one, guys, trust me, it's  great!
0061002860|5.0|I don't want to give away the ending, but I never would have guessed who the murderer was in a million years.  Truly brilliant!  It is definitely one of my favorites.
B00000K19E|5.0|It would be misleading to say that the  movie is just a brilliant sci-fi masterpiece. The essense of the Matrix is profoundly philosophical and spiritual. It actually makes you think about things that other movies try  to make you forget about: the reality of this world and how you can  personally change it.
0930289234|5.0|Here are some good examples of how Watchmen perfectly blends art with words.  Art on the last panel of a page will be similar to the art on the first panel for the next page which starts off a new scene. The 5th  issue(or chapter in the compilation) has a symmetrical layout.  The panel  layout in the middle of the chapter mirror each other as does each outer  page.  There are background elements such as posters and newspaper  headlines on the ground that refer to or foreshadow events in the book.  That is one great thing about comics-words can be put anywhere in the art.  There is more to read than just the diolouge and captions.  The same event  is shown multiple times throughout the story, each from a different  character's point of view.  There is a ton of visual symbolism(mostly with  the first and last panel of every issue and with the Comedian's bloody  smiley face badge).  Then there is the dual story in the form of a comic  called Tales of the Black Freighter a kid at the newsstand reads throughout  the story.  Art from this comic is shown up close in some spots, but often,  only captions from this comic are layed out in the art of the regular  story, displaying how both stories run parallel.<br />Moore has made the  world his main character.  He has twisted the world for this story.  For  example, Nixon is still president in 1985 and the US won the Vietnam war.  Each chapter has a prose supplement that further provides extra backstory  for the whole Watchmen universe Alan Moore has created(such as the one for  the Black Freighter comic; the writer of that comic is even an important  character in the story).  Every character, even seemingly minor ones, are  written realisticly and the reader is made to care about their varied  fates.  Dave Gibbon's retro-60's visuals are clean, easy to follow, and  highly detailed.  John Higgins' coloring further complements the art style  of this story.<br />The plot itself is a superhero story that amazingly  removes not only the &quot;super&quot; but the &quot;hero&quot; as well.  This is an in-depth examination of why someone would want to dress up in a  face-concealing mask and play cops and robbers.  The story is so  captivating that the reader will barely notice there are very few actual  fights in the whole book.  But there's still plenty of conflict.  Oridinary  people don't react well to masked men taking the law into their own hands.  Superhero's roles are used realistically in this story.  A superhero wins  Vietnam for the US.  One goes into retirement and licenses his name for  spin-off merchandise.  Most superheros are forced by law into retirement,  but Rorschach, who starts the story off, refuses to quit fighting criminals  and is wanted by the police and the underworld alike.  Rorschach begins by  investigating the death of a fellow masked adventurer  But before story's  end, Rorschach learns his efforts are very trite compared to the actual  problems with the world.  And by story's end, the world's problems get  solved once and for all, in a way that the reader will surely be shocked.
6305076626|5.0|This movie is one of the greatest movies that i have seen in a long time!  At first it was boring but once tim curry stepped into the scene dressed like a transvesstite, thats when the movies really caught my attention. I  think that the director is just genius for coming up with a movie like  this, he's just genius!
068484267X|5.0|After seeing Frank McCourt on 60 minutes and the Today show I was curious about this book.  Once I got it I wasn't sure I would like it, but once I started I couldn't put it down.  McCourt writes so beautifully that I could  hear the Irish brogue and see the backdrop of his story.  I liked it so  well that not only have I read his follow up, but I rave about this memoir  to strangers in the book store!
B0000026WD|5.0|Much publicity was met through when this album came                                             out. The first being the release of the single Black or                                             White, being the most widely  watched song to be viewed                                             by an  audience at the same time.                                              After it was released came the controversy of the last                                              part of the video in which MJ goes berserk and  simply                                             creams a car and smash  through windows before becoming this big cat.                                              The single also stirred up some issues about colr and why was  it that                                             Michael was including  this topic at a time in which he was really becoming                                              whiter by the minute.<br />                                             The album is a really good listen. There are some privately  honed songs,                                             but they can also  be related to others as well and not attributed to the                                              singer or the issues going through his head. My  favorite two songs in the                                             album  were rightfully put back to back on the cd release. &quot;Who is it?&quot;  and                                             &quot;Give in to me&quot;.  The first song was mellow and had a very haunting beat                                              throughout that made you sink deep so low at the  times when you just                                             broke up  with someone or simply brushed off by others. Give in to me has a                                              similar beat in the background that comes  apparent when the song is on the                                              verge of ending. That song has the same feel as the first, but makes you                                              brush off that loss by acquiring  a power of your own destiny.<br />                                             In general, most of the songs are really great.                                              Jackson goes a long way in terms of production and refining  the sound of                                             the album. Though  it is not Thriller, but I see that throughout each album                                              released by MJ, his music stem through a different  originality everytime.
0783226152|5.0|A great movie. Candy Clarke should have won an Oscar. A period piece for all time. It captures the innocence of the 60's and youth for all time.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I always thought of myself as a weird person when it                                             came to my taste in music. I loved heavy metal,                                             especially metallica, megadeth and  iron maiden. They are by far, the best                                              and most trustworthy buys when purchasing a cd by a metal band. I  also                                             love new age/classical  type of music. It was justy two extremes of the                                              spectrum on my part and all my friends thought I had a  strange musical                                              inclinations.<br />                                            Metallica  changed that point of view. With this album it has proven that both                                              worlds of the industry can come  together and create a symphony that is not                                              just mundane, but unique in style and structure.                                              A number of people have complained that  Metallica simply overwhelms the                                              orchestra and you can hardly hear the music playing in the background. It                                              just never hit them that the  orchestra have no right to dictate their power on                                              the band's music. They just can't take turns like a duet,  it will ruin the                                             original  version and vision of that song. I listen to the cd and think of it as                                              two entities joining together.  Metallica on one side and the orchestra on the                                              other. By coming together, they have created something out  of this world                                             and very powerful  indeed. I can't imagine this cd not becoming classicMetallica through the coming years. The band struck  gold when they not                                             only came  out with the idea of a live album, but a greatest hits kind and an                                              extra treat of having an orchestra with  them to create an original and                                              soothing new sound to old favorites.<br />                                             The album also features two new songs, Human and No Leaf Clover.  When I                                             heard Clover, I was  thinking, &quot;Hey that's new, I never heard that one before.&quot;                                              I listened to see if this was an old  song or a new one. When I slowly fizzled                                              through the melody, it came to me that this was certainly a new  song. The                                             beat was amazing and  the melody was catching. This song should come                                              out as a single soon enough and I really think it adds much  anticipated                                             blood to  Metallica's endless hits.
6301763041|5.0|This movie is like Grease on crack. The acting and singing is hilarious. I never get tired of watching it. Definately recommended!
0425152251|5.0|O.K. Sophie's world as a story is not the most gripping plot and action packed book that anyone will ever write, but it's purpose is to provide an accessable introduction to philosophy.<br />The storyline consists of a 14  year old girl who begins to think about life, the universe and everything  through correspondence and teaching by her eccentric philosophy teacher. As  the book progresses, and the reader is introduced to the concepts of every  major philosophical figure ever, a paradox develops within the book itself  that escapes the book and enters into the life of the reader. <br />Any book  that can escape the confines of its pages in this way is a great book.  Sophie's world more than serves its purpose. It is a book that can change  your life, if you persevere with it. It is highly intelligent without  catering solely to brainboxes, and the development of the paradox itself is  enthralling. It is not a book to read over and over again, but passages and  paragraphs will educate and inspire you. Excellent!
B000021XS0|5.0|Though I refuse to compare this album with any other DT album, I must say this is a great album.  Some bands play music that just is good, but after the sound stops, so do the brain waves, aka, ACDC.  Dream Theater plays  music that is not only heard, but also must be listened to and understood.   This album, I can already tell after 5 days, that would be one of my albums  if I was going to be on a desert island for the rest of my life and I could  only get 10 cd's.  If you don't own any DT, this is an excellent start.  If  you own some DT, and want more, go and get it....Now!   I commend the band  for such a marvelous effort.
B00000JG41|5.0|If you don't own this album, there's something terribly wrong with you. Go buy it.
0671027344|5.0|This book is the best thing I've read in quite a while. I am a chilren's librarian.  I read YA books in order to give Book Talks to teens. And this is the best book I've read all year. There has been lots of hype around  books like &quot;SMACK,&quot; but this is So much more. <br />THe story is  simple, and complex.  You can read this book just on the surface, and  understand the story, and like it. Or you can read it in depth. You can  devour the book, and understand something more that the author is trying to  tell you.    THe characters remind me of kids I knew in High School. They  are real. They are the sad, lonely kids that no one really understands. But  here, you can understand them. They touch your heart.    The letter form of  the book lends to the reader's connection with the narrator. You love  Charlie. You feel like his best friend. YOu feel like his journal. And the  connection is profound.<br />All in all, the book has a CATCHER IN THE RYE  feeling to it. IT feels like a classic in the making. It feels like  something kids will be reading for a very long time.
B000023VR6|4.0|1. The Watcher (4/5)- It does have some interesting lyrics, and sets up for what will be the mood of the album, however the beat is rather sparse (although it does sound better the more I listen to it), especially coming  from Dre. <br />2. F___ You (4/5)- The production is more vintage Dre, with  the slinky synthesizer effect and heavy bassline. While it's a nice track  (southern rapper Devin, comes off the best, providing a sloppy, yet tight  hook), I can't give it a 5, since by 1999 I've heard one too many generic  &quot;I'm a pimp&quot; songs.<br />3. Still D.R.E. (5/5) This is the best mesh  of Dre's old style (apparent in the layered bassline) and his newer style  (the pianos and violins instead of the synthesizers). Dre and Snoop both  come in full force lyrically, aptly displaying that they never really fell  off.<br />4. Big Ego's (5/5) Another great track, showcasing Dre's great use  of piano keys, over a great bassline. Entertaining lyrics from Dre, while  Hittman comes of especially nice on this track, overshadowing Dre lyrically  (even though he probably wrote Dre's verse too). <br />5. XXplosive (5/5)- A  laid back, acoutstic guitar laced, big pimpin' track, with an extremely  tight beat. Dre comes along with Kurupt and Nate Dogg (who's singing goes  perfect with the beat), which more than makes up for the tired subject  matter. Reminds me of classic Death Row material.<br />6. What's The  Difference (5/5)- An interesting horn laced beat. Dre speaks about his  feelings towards MC Ren, DOC, and Eazy-E. Xzibit comes nice with some  battle rhymes, but Eminem completely rips the track to shreds. The only  problem with this track is that it lacks conception since everyone comes on  a different subject, but it's too hot not to get a 5. <br />7. Light Speed  (3.5/5)- 2001 isn't perfect, and songs like this are the reason why. He  tries to hard to go for a futuristic spacey sound (it does have a tight  'whistle' though), that ends up sound kinda corny, especially coming from a  vet like Dre. Not to mention a corny hook.<br />8. Forgot About Dre (5/5)- At  first I was lukewarm to the idea of Dre doing a 'bounce' beat, but after a  few listens, this song is one of the album's best. Dre speaks on how people  seem to forget that he helped mold gangsta rap, and he's demanding respect  is given where respect is due. As always, Eminem comes correct with a  excellet hook and verse.<br />9. The Next Episode (5/5)- Dre comes with a high  energy beat that never fails to get me amped (I can even overlook the fact  that he reworks an overused sample). The beat has a futuristic feel to it,  without becoming corny like Light Speed. This is the best collab between  Dre and Snoop (the energy and chemistry is perfect) since the Doggystyle  days. Nate Dogg rounds out the song with a fitting hook/verse. <br />10. Let's  Get High (0/5)- Where can I start? This is a hideously blantant attempt at  a club hit. For a moment I even thought I was listening to a Puff Daddy  album. This garbage completely mars the album. Horrible. Luckily no other  song on 2001 is this bad.<br />11. B___ N____z (5/5)- A tightly slow track  with a slinky, mellow vibe, with some good ol' scratching for the hook (a  technique that is underused lately). Like the majority of the album, the  lyrics are aimed at the haters, but the guests (Snoop, Hittman Six-Two)  keep it fresh. I personally like this one, but it may be too uneventful for  some to completely feel. <br />12. Murder Ink (3/5) Dre reworks the theme song  from the horror movie series Halloween. This creates an interestingly dark,  frantic vibe, which the emcees don't live up to (Dre doesn't rhyme on this  song). The vocal distortion techniuqe is helpful, but the psychotic lyrics  sound like a weaker Geto Boys impression. Hitman is pretty good (if  unoriginal), but Ms. Roq is lethargic at best, barely coming better than  her horrible verse on Let's Get High. <br />13. Some L.A. N____z (5/5)-  Another track in which Dre stay strictly behind the boards, this time  bringing in a wide array for west coast's emcees. The results are great,  over this extra tight laid back, on-and-off beat. I was hoping for a verse  from MC Ren, who only talks, so I'll have to wait for the NWA reuinion.  <br />14. Housewife (4/5) The second time on the album that Dre recycles a  song title (The Next Episode being the first). This remake is much better  than the original version that appeared on Kuruption!, but it's still not  perfect. The beat is similar to the style used on F___ You (but better),  and similarly, the subject matter is worn out, especially the tired hook.  Still, it gets over by the beat alone.  <br />15. Ackrite (2/5)- Another slip  up from Dre, this track that should've never left the studio. The parts of  the beat sounds like they were made on a cheap Casio keyboard. Along with  some weak lyrics from Hittman, a less than average hook, this song is  highly skipable material.<br />16. Bang Bang (4.5/5)- A more energetic song  than on 2001. It also has a catchy, sound effect laced hook. Nothing  spectacular lyric-wise, but still a nice joint.<br />17. The Message (5/5)-  The only song that Dre didn't produce (highly underrated east coast  producer Lord Finesse handled this one, which sounds a lot different than  his usually hardcore beats) The harp/piano sounds nice, although it would  fit better on a R&amp;B album. The lyrics are emotional, portraying Dre  setting aside all his personas and coming from the heart in a dedication to  his deceased brother. While this song doesn't really fit in with the rest  of 2001, I can't knock it due the the personal content of the lyrics, which  I can definately feel (and is way better and heartfelt than the plethora of  dedication tracks that are on wack No Limit albums). <br />OVERALL: 4/5  Granted that Dre has a few slip ups (including intrusive interludes that  could've easily been left out), this is overall, a stellar album. Not quite  upto the revolutionary caliber like The Chronic- but a solid album  nonetheless. Wheras The Chronic changed the face of west coast rap, 2001 is  merely a change of pace for Dre, who's new sound is orignal for him, but in  hip hop as a whole it's too similar to a west coast spin on RZA's 'digital  orchestra' sound to be completely revolutionary. While Dre used to be one  to come with new styles that would revolutionize the west coast, he now  seems content with just holding it down, and proving the haters wrong  through his logenvity in the game, and in the process, coming with a tight  album.
B000031WD9|5.0|American Pie was a great movie to begin with. It got rave reviews from critics, as well as fans. It was not the typical teenage film. And now they've fully remastered all the cut material and put it on your DVD! 4   totally new scenes, including a very different take on the pie scene. They  have also included a ton of extras, like Behind the Scenes, etc. This movie  is a must own for teens everywhere, as well as comedy fans!
B0000399WC|4.0|This new DVD is worth collecting.  It is the best prints I have seen so far.  The quality of video and audio is better than Japanese Import version ( leaserdic ). It is in widescreen which is a MUST for this movies.  The  extra featuring the real Papillon is very interesting.  The film is 5 star;  Video/Audio/Extra: 4 stars.
B00002MZ4V|5.0|This two-disc set puts together a great number of the modern digital recordings John Williams made for Sony in the last decade. Out of the 28 tracks included here, nearly all (26) were made in the 1990s. There is  superb representation from all of William's major works; aside from the  regular staple of music from the Star Wars trilogy (e.g, the main theme,  the Imperial March, Luke and Leia), E.T.,  and the Indiana Jones march,  there are other lesser-known film tracks, but still gems nevertheless.  These include the Parade of the Slave Children (Temple of Doom) that unites  two of the subthemes from the endcredits music; the motorcycle scherzo (The  Last Crusade), a piece of music that seems to cause great difficulty for  other orchestras, but not for Williams and the Boston Pops; the prologue  from JFK; and Flight to Neverland (from Hook). For the latter, the main  theme in Hook is usually the one recorded, so being able to listen to this  lesser-heard track was indeed a surprise. <br />Even then, not all the  recordings themselves are newly minted ones. Several tracks belong to the  original recordings made for the theatrical release of the associated  motion picture; listeners who already own the original film music albums  should be aware. Although the general rule seemed to be that only the newer  original recordings were included (e.g. from the Phantom Menace, and Saving  Private Ryan), I was rather surprised to see two older analogue recordings  as well, particularly that of the Superman theme recorded for Warner  Brothers in 1978. The audio quality in the two discs are consistently good  with the exception of these two tracks. One would have thought that Sony  should have acquired a newer recording of the very popular Superman theme  for example to include here. <br />Still, all in all, I can't think of any  better way to really get all of William's most popular screen music in one  fell swoop. For folks who loved Hymn of the Fallen (Saving Private Ryan)but found the other film tracks from that picture less memorable, this is  the best way to acquire that track and a host of other great music.
B000002MUW|4.0|this is the madonna cd to have from the 90's .it reminds me of her first one.she sounds at ease working with dallas austin&amp;babyface.this disc has r-n-b all over it except for the bjork track which is unique in it's  own way.this disc is far better than ray of light&amp;erotica.human nature  is a great 2nd tier mary j.bliege track.secret&amp;take a bow hold up  really well.madonna sounds alright well as best as she can.the production  works rather well.
B000020617|5.0|We'll start in the beginning: Stacked Actors, the controversial song said to be about Courtney Love, is probably one of the heaviest songs that the Foo Fighters ever wrote. It ranks up there with I'll Stick Around, Weenie  Beenie, and Monkey Wrench. Breakout was my favorite song before I got the  album because it was so nice. This song sounds very poppy, but it's punkish  at the same time. Learn To Fly, the current hit, is wonderful. 3 chord  songs don't ALWAYS suck, as this one demonstrates. The beginning Gimme  Stitches sounds sort of like &quot;Slow Ride&quot; by Foghat. Great song.  Generator, my guess on the first single, employs the talkbox, made famous  by Peter Frampton. It sounds like Garbage's &quot;When I Grow Up&quot; in  the middle. I didn't expect that from this, but it's very pleasant. Aurora  is beyond description. The music is magical, the vocals are beautiful,  everything. Definitely the opus of the album. Live-In Skin is one of the  underappreciated songs, but it's great nonetheless. It sounds like old Rush  stuff. Next Year, I'm convinced, is a Christmasy sounding song. Very well  put together. Headwires, my other favorite, is also Rush-esque, but newer  sounding. 'Tis on the same plane with Learn To Fly, except this is more of  a &quot;sit back and listen to the tunes&quot; tune rather than &quot;rock  out and scream&quot; song. Ain't It The Life is a VERY country-influenced  song, but it's wonderful. Interesting steel guitar solo in the middle. Then  M.I.A. is very good in the typical Foo Fighters album closer mindset. It is  a powerful and charming song. If you are an open-minded Foo Fighters fan,  get this album. And make sure you put the disc in your comp and try out the  ECD stuff!
B000002U82|5.0|I think it's rather narrow to give this album a one-star review based on a disagreement with Waters' political philosophy (see below). Don't get me wrong, I'm a capitalist, in disagreement with Waters' belligerent  socialism. When other people complain about Gilmour, Wright, and Mason  (post-Waters) as &quot;sell-outs,&quot; out to make money, I don't really  care. If the music sounds good, the political tone of the lyrics matters  not a lick to me. I buy the album nonetheless, and hope that record sales  don't make musicians feel omniscient! Example: I like the sound  &quot;Imagine&quot; by John Lennon, but I am not adherent to the socialist  political philosophy expressed in the song's lyrics. (Sorry--some people  may say he's a dreamer; I just disagree with the idea that a world with  &quot;no possessions,&quot; no religion, etc., is a utopia.) Anyway, who  ever said that people are so gullible as to be convinced of a political  philosophy by a musical tune? Why should I? That would be mindlessly  stupid. I suggest you arrive your philosophy through hard thought and study  (read: not from the winner of the battle of the bands), else you might as  well not have one.  (Okay, I know that music can express a point--but it is  NOT a replacement for a scholarly monograph.) Do get your music, however,  from such musical geniuses as Pink Floyd, because this CD just sounds good,  and *that* is why I listen. It is a unique, smooth, and extremely well-done  work. The lyrics work well, but they don't significantly influence my life  philosophy, nor do any disagreements with the positions expressed in the  lyrics detract from the quality of the listening experience. Give it a try.
B000002MG1|5.0|I have all of R.E.M.'s albums (except 'Green') and believe this is their best album.  Many others, including 'Murmur' come close, but 'Automatic' just seems to have that special 'something' that puts it at the top.  It's  hard not to get moved or affected by songs like 'Everybody Hurts', 'Man on  the Moon', 'Nightswimming' and especially 'Find the River'.  Good emotional  music without descending into schlock or phoniness, like Michael Bolton or  Whitney Houston.  If you don't have this CD, then there is a gaping hole in  your collection.
0312853238|5.0|I hadn't read the gushing reviews of Ender's Game when I initially picked the book up. Rather, I had seen it advertised at the local cinema on one of those advertisements that are flashed before the feature starts. I picked  it up on a whim, wrongly assuming that it would be a cheap and fast thrill  ride. Despite some questionable promotion tactics, the book deserves a  place on the shelf of any action-loving reader who also desires a careful  examination of an extremely compelling case of coming-of-age, isolation,  and resignation of the human condition to surprising circumstances and  irresistible powers.<br />Orson Scott Card convincingly delivers this case via  Ender Wiggin, a genius child chosen and manipulated to become the saviour  of a futuristic Earth from insectlike aliens. Even as Ender completes his  military training at a dizzying rate, he grows to realize that not only is  humanity's fate at stake, but so is his personal sanity, ethos, and  connections to those he holds dear. <br />The book's ideas about human  condition could have been presented in a non-Sci-Fi setting, but the fact  that it is lends itself well to the almost inhuman nature of Ender's tragic  ordeal. Through Ender's interactions with the memorable cast of supporting  characters, the reader can immediately connect with and address the  universal emotions people undergo - from stress, fatigue and shame, to  excellence, camraderie and unconditional love. I read this story in about a  day; unfortunately some of the only recreational fiction I have enjoyed in  about a year. I can truthfully say that I believe it was a good move to  purchase this book. It is intensely moving, and while may not necessarily  be life-changing for its readers, Ender's Game is great enough that it can  be.
B0000025RI|5.0|This album is such a classic.  I think this is definitely Michael at his best.  The tunes are great, creative and worth listening to again and again.  I can't think of a better album!
B000002VCQ|5.0|i love this album from her more than the others put together.it has soul&amp;power.her duets with jermaine jackson are solid.this is still the best whitney record.it's a must have.
B000002IZM|4.0|perfect combination, I fell like watching the movie again.perfect!
B00000K2SE|5.0|This is one of the best movies I've ever seen.  It has great character development, great action, and amazing camera work! This is a must see movie!
B00000AFWZ|5.0|Though I was only in single digits during this era, I did recall quite a few of these songs, perhaps from old movies or a radio station from way back when.  You really didn't have to grow up during this time to  appreciate the music here, since most of it is just fun.  Even my kids, who  were born on the 80's, got a kick out of this set. It sure beats listening  to the same tired oldies being played over and over on the oldies stations.  For people who want to explore 60's music past 'Surfin USA', 'Good Lovin',  the Big Chill or other overplayed hits, then this collection is for you.
B00002MZ2C|2.0|why is tom morello so overrated? he does not have much talent in the musical field. this music is repetitive and boring. the reason i added a star was because the album has a good cover and nice t shirts.<br />if yo want  talent: morbid angel, soundgarden, emperor, steve vai, joe satriani,  meshuggah, death, and carcass will do just fine
B00000IPAX|4.0|im tellin you, this cd is not in any way as good as Cheschire cat. if you listen to this cd youll see what i mean. its first of all to slow and is missing that punk edge sound. and its just trying to hard i guess. a lot of  people are calling blink sellouts, hmm...interesting thought, i guess they  did, but who wouldn't want to make more money and roll around beaches with  chicks? as for some other guy's comment about mtv killing them...well i  kinda remember the M&amp;m song having a video and it was funny. i kinda  remember Nirvana having loads of videos, but who says they sell out?  nobody. so even if you think they sold out, id recommend Chesire cat and  Dude Ranch over this new one, hhaha oh yeah, go buy Home Grown and Fenix  Tx, mxpx too, thats some great stuff
B000002UE9|4.0|Poison is a really good group.  I've loved them for a long time, ever since I bought their first album.  This is to the person who wrote &quot;Every Rose Has Its Thorn, was particularly awful&quot; to him I say  he needs to listen to the song again and appreciate it.  They worked hard  for what they have even though they were having a good time.  This album is  wonderful, especially &quot;Fallen Angel&quot; that's my favorite song.  It  helped me through a really tough time.  Just like their other albums helped  me through some hard spot in my life.
0790732254|5.0|What a treat!  If you enjoy pure/sheer acting finely achieved by great performers (the director is so good that you forget about him while watching the 'show'), this is one of the most perfect I've ever seen.
6304415346|5.0|This is one of the best Star Trek movies I've ever seen!  Star Trek First Contact has you sitting on the edge of your chair from the begianing to the end!  Anyone who liked the origial Star Trek crew(Kirk, Spock, Bones,....)  or the Star Trek: TNG TV series will love this movie!
B000009QPE|3.0|reign in blood is pretty good. however, the music itself is lacking in the crunchy sound that has made thrash metal popular. Anthrax and Metallica are much better, darker, and scarier.
B000001ES9|4.0|As I write this review, I am holding the L.P.(that's vinyl for you younger folks) in my hands and just looking at the song titles and thinking how good this album actually is.  There is no Neil Peart on drums and he is not  there to write the deep lyrics we have all come to expect from Rush.   However, John Rutsey is a very good drummer in his own right and lyrically,  there is a hint of what Rush would go on to do even before Neil was in the  picture.  The album kicks off with the hard rocking &quot;Finding My  Way&quot;.  This song is often compared to Led Zeppelin which if you are  speaking guitars, I can understand.  The Bass line on this song is really  solid and very well played(Great early job Geddy).  The next two songs,  &quot;Need Some Love&quot; and &quot;Take A Friend&quot; are more or less  throwaway tracks as far as Rush fans are concerned.  There is not much to  them lyrically and musically, I have heard better.  &quot;What You're  Doing&quot; is a classic song that sounds great even today.  It is also  heavier and lyricaly an interesting track for this album.  &quot;In The  Mood&quot; follows that one up and this is a song that Rush played live  until recently.  It is a song that you can hardly picture Rush playing  nowadays but it is still fun.  The album ends with &quot;Working Man&quot;.   This is a seven minute song which begins to show where the boys would be  going in the future.  Check out the cool bass solo from Geddy Lee and great  guitaring by Alex Lifeson.  This is the real gem on this cd.  For their  first album, Rush made quite an impression.  Looking back, half of the  songs are weird for a later Rush fan to hear but still interesting and the  other half, will please the ears of old and new Rush fan alike.  They are  the songs that helped Rush find their way.
6305263302|5.0|If you are looking for one of the greatest vampire(or vampyre) movies of all times this is it! Simply stated this movie will scare you to death and will make you cry for the love and the loss portrayed in it. If you think  you have seen a horror movie that inspires more thought than this one I  dare say that you have watched one to many horror movies. This vampire is  the original of the legend that we have come to fear. Simply put, be  prepared for a swirling mist of incredible acting and a portrayal of love  that will knock every sense in your brain alive. Superb acting, a great  story, and stunning camera portrayals of Nosferatu will make your heart  skip beats. Nothing tops this movie, nothing!
B00002MZ4W|2.0|When I purchased Fiona Apple's first release, TIDAL, I felt that she showed great talent.  Her musical style was fresh, but at the same time reminiscent of the '40's torch songs, dark and moody.  I checked fairly  often to see if she had put out another cd and was pleased to receive WHEN  THE PAWN as a Christmas gift.  I have to say that I was very disappointed.   The music was good, as expected, but the course language in several songs  failed to measure up to the lyrical talent that she showed before.       Groucho Marx was asked once in an interview why he never told a dirty joke.   His answer, in so many words, was that dirty jokes were easy, took no  talent to write, and indicated a lack of class in the telling.  The same  follows for writing lyrics. It takes talent to get an idea across without  resorting to sensationalism and the shock value of dirty words.  If someone  feels the need to use dirty words in a song to say something, it indicates  a lack of talent.  If someone uses dirty words in a song because that's the  way they talk in everyday conversation, then that's just a lack of class.       I know that Fiona Apple can do better.  She did it before and she owes  it to her fans, as well as herself, to do better that this.
6300271439|5.0|Wow! What a great movie!<br />Madonna is really great in this movie as ex-con Niki Finn, a bleach-blonde tart who was wrongly convicted of the murder of her boyfriend.<br />This is a great movie if you want to have an 80's  flashback, or if you are just a Madonna fan. <br />The story is cute and fits  Madonna to a &quot;T.&quot;<br />And those OUTFITS!   Pure 80's  Madonna!<br />This movie will make you want to break out your old Madonna  tapes from the 80's ( You know.. the boy toy years.. ) and dance away.  <br />And Murray steals the show!  Who is Murray?  Watch the movie to find  out!
B000002A33|1.0|haha it's just toooo bad that you weren't famous!
B00000IMTF|4.0|This album, combined with \\"On Stage\\" marks the beginning and the end of Deep Purple. Even Blackmore's artistry on \\"Made In Japan\\" couldn't touch what he accomplished on the \\"On Stage\\" album. The  reason I gave this only 4 stars is because some of the tunes are obviously  over-produced. \\"Stargazer\\" is the MOST KICK-A** track that's ever  been recorded. It's the one my oversized drummer used to measure himself by  while blasting it into his headphones and trying to copy Cozy at the same  time !  Jimmy Bain is brilliant as well as RJD. Ronnie's voice was never  better except on \\"On Stage\\" and (maybe) \\"Heaven and  Hell\\".  Just turn up \\"Stargazer\\" and \\"Light in the  Black\\" and feel what true power is about.....    UPDATE: Dream Theater covered \\"Stargazer\\" on a recent LP, although not an entirely flattering rendition I must admit. However, this obviously points to the influence that this song and this band had on other musicians/afficionados like myself.
B00002Z88D|5.0|James Hatfeild Lars Ulrich Kirt Hammet &amp; Jason Newsted have done it again! <br />For you losers who like pop this ain't for you buddy sorry!<br />Those classical dudes who like Bach's 9th symphony etc. this is no way for you however if you like metallica as well, then it's a different  matter other wise no way.<br />If you like Metallica and their previous albums  then this is a great buy even if you haven't heard their tunes before but  like rock/metal dude this album is great. It combines the amazing power of  Metallica along with the amazing power of the Symphony hence the title  S&amp;M. It's simply great!<br />The symphony orchesra adds the colour to  METALLICA'S masterpieces. The way the conductor Michael Kamen uses the  different sections of the orchestra to play around the music and sometimes  to play the same rifts with Metallica it's just breathtaking. I mean Before  listening to the tracks looking at the list I thought how the hell can the  orchestra play FUEL or BATTERY or many of the other songs with are fast and  very hard. And the new songs are just great especially NO LEAF CLOVER it's  one of their best songs on the album and of all time ever it just blows you  away! <br />METALLICA are the best they obliterate their rivals and are the  best rock/metal band in the world (in my opinion). METALLICA make the  impossible possible i mean who'd ever though they could play with THE SAN  FRANSISCO SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA with Michael Kamen at the helm. Buy this album  it's one of their best yet IT'S AMAZING!  <br />THANX METALLICA FOR  ONE OF YOUR BEST ALBUMS YET WHAT A GREAT WAY TO END THE MELENIUM!<br />BUY  IT!<br />IT'S GONNA ROCK YOUR WORLD!
6303022901|5.0|Joy Luck Club is a really good movie to watch with your mom or daughter, as it is definately a chick-flick.<br />Hearing each woman tell their story can touch all of our hearts, because this movie shows that no matter where  in the world you live, no matter your skin color, no matter what  nationality you are and no matter what language you speak, we all feel the  same feelings at times and go through some of the same trials.<br />Be sure to  have some kleenex on hand.. because this is a real tear jerker. <br />A must  to have for your personal video collection.
B00002MZ2T|4.0|Ok, &quot;I Knew I Loved You&quot; is enough of a reason to get this album. It is the most incredibly sweet song. But while some of the other songs are odd, there are enough good ones to make this a great c.d to get!
0425152251|5.0|Sophie's World is a truly wonderful book, one of the best that I have ever read.  There is an interesting plot, and at the same time one learns all about philosophy.  I started reading this knowing nothing about philosophy,  and now I'm so interested that I actually did major project at school on  philosophy!  I know both 12-year-olds and adults that have absolutely loved  this book!  It is both a fascinating novel and a wonderful source for facts  about philosophy.  But as you read, bear in mind that it is both a novel  and textbook-type book, so be prepared to actually learn something as well  as enjoy the plot.
B0000214F0|3.0|Okay, I have not seen this movie, but as I sat here reading these reviews, I see how much people are complaining about the quality of the DVD...get used to it...older movies that have not been carefully archived are going  to look bad. I have for the last year and a half been doing digital  transfers and you can only work with the quality you are given. If the  original is bad, than the subsequent copies will be the same.
6303617719|5.0|This is a really good movie.<br />Meg Ryan is hilarious as usual and she and Kevin Kline make almost as good a duo as she and Tom Hanks.<br />I'm not going to give the plot away, but if you've been jilted by a boyfriend, fiancee or  lover for someone else and need some humor in your life ( or ideas for  revenge.. ) , then this movie is for you.<br />Even if you've never been  dumped for a &quot;God-dess&quot; ( a term from the movie ), watching Kate  ( Ryan ) try to win Charlie, her fiance, back with the help of Luc ( Kline)  will crack you up.<br />Kate and Luc's mutual dislike for each other is the  foundation for many hilarious scenes.. especially the &quot; all men are  bastards &quot; scene.<br />It will keep your attention and keep you laughing  the entire time.  The plot isn't too silly, too cheesy, too mushy or too  unusual..<br />Simply put, this is a movie that you can watch with almost  anyone! <br />We own it and have 2 copies because one is already worn out!
B00000K31V|3.0|Hey, that was a pretty cool episode of &quot;The Outer Limits&quot; -Oh wait, eXistenZ was a movie? Aren't movies supposed to have special effects, bigger budgets and better acting? My bad.  eXistenZ is pretty thought  provoking, but you are SO much better off watching &quot;Strange Days&quot;  instead.
B00002Z88D|3.0|...&quot;why?&quot;  Why try to incorporate an orchestra into the music, without changing your arragements?  And why play the same, tired songs which have been played tour after tour after tour?  This album would have  been much more interesting (at least to this longtime fan) if, for example,  Jason let the an oboe play his bass part at the beginning of &quot;For Whom  The Bell Tolls.&quot;  Or, if Kirk let a violinist play one of his solos.   Instead, the orchestra struggles to fit in where Metallica will let them.   Rather than learn some songs they haven't played in years, the band takes  the easy way out by playing songs that fans have heard too many times  before, with the exception of two new (mediocre) songs and the epic  &quot;The Call of Ktulu.&quot;  Ten years ago, I would have expected more  from Metallica.  Then again, that Metallica is gone forever.  Long live the  new, safe, boring Metallica.
0385493800|3.0|Enjoy greatly the first half of the book up until the main character goes to brazil, then throw away the book to preserve your sweet memory.
0440412617|5.0|this book is wonderful.  a mythologization of stubborn bits of reality.   charlotte, a very alive child, begins to disassociate from reality when sent away to boarding school.  soon she begins to switch places with her  saintly doppleganger claire, of a different day and age.   virtually no one  notices the frequent replacements, which initially lead to major identity  issues.  eventually, however, charlotte's brief entry into the world of  claire,  causes her world to take on existential value, and everything  becomes meaningful.
B000021Y74|5.0|I have seen this movie more than ten times. It still sets my heart to pounding and makes my breath catch. Genius.
B00002E233|5.0|When I saw this movie for the first time, I was thrilled, the second time I discovered the sarcastic humour in some szenes and I tell you something: me and some friends: WE LOVED IT. You cannot compare it to JAWS, its a  90ties movie. Do U really think Jaws would look the same now in this  fast-paced times? Deep Blue Sea is an excellent Rollercoaster-Ride on  screen. It suprises you with unexpected happenings. It makes you jump and  sweat and enjoy. Its thrilling fun and excitement. So many movies are  totally overhyped but dissapointing, this one isnt. It keeps the trailers  promises. And the acting? Not perfect but good enough to feel with the  characters. Btw, LL Cool-Jays &quot;preacher&quot; is not that bad and he  garantuees some laughs.
B000001IQH|5.0|this cd is excellent- you can listen to it straight through and it's got a lot of variety. buy it!
B000002UJQ|5.0|It' the outtakes, B-sides, and in-studio assemblings of OK Computer. I stumbled across it in a used CD store.  What a find.               I've already reviewed OK Computer, but I'll say it again: This record has no  peer. I can listen to it every day and pick up something new.  It is the  pinnacle of modern rock as we exit the 20th century.  It will be looked  upon 20 years from now as one of the most important artistic statements in  music history.
B000001IQH|5.0|this cd is excellent- you can listen to it straight through and it's got a lot of variety. buy it!
B0000203YT|5.0|I love this movie.  All the little plays on words and the like.  Judi Dench does a phenomnal job as Queen Elizabeth and Gwenyth and Joseph don't do too shabby either.  This story so astronomically sad.  I never cry at  movies, but I cried during this one!  If you're at all into Shakespeare,  this is a must!
B00002Z88D|4.0|The Interplay between the Orchasra along with te thrashing kiler Metallica songs makes everything sond better, the bass Hits Hard as a Bomb and the vocals are way great this CD Is a Masterpiece! Buy it!
B00000K2SC|5.0|While this movie isn't for everyone, it's definately worth it for anyone who makes time to check it out.  This movie twists your perception of reality until you can't quite remember whether up is down or reality is  what we know.  While some of the scenes are a bit too violent, the special  effects in them make up for it.  It's not good for an impressionable  audience because of the content, so don't just let your kids go out and  rent it before you've seen it.  This is one of my #1 all time favorite  movies, and I'm not big into sci-fi (I didn't like &quot;Blade Runner&quot;  all that much).  I love it and I can't wait to see it again (hopefully I'll  get a copy for Chrsitmas! ).  Finally, whoever said that this movie  influenced the whole Columbine disaster obviously didn't see the movie  because the big black trench coats?  Only in one scene and not that big a  deal.  I would've forgotten what they were wearing if no one had made it  into a national issue!
B000023VR6|5.0|This November, Dr. Dre blasted back onto the scene with his highly anticipated sequel to The Chronic.  In this release, Dr. Dre reunites with Snoop Dogg, who appears on multiple tracks.  Also included in the mix are  rappers X-hibit, Eminem, and others along with comedian Eddie Griffin.  Dr.  Dre outdoes himself with this album.  The tracks flow like a waterfall,  pouring out the hits.  Dre puts out unique beats that are off the hook and  brings us back to the days of the old.  If you are a fan of hip-hop or rap,  then this is a must have; period. One of the best rap albums in years.
0783226004|5.0|I guess I'm siding with the majority. This movie has intrigue, adventure, and comedy. Robert Redford leads an all-star cast that keeps the viewer interested throughout the entire movie. Yes, the ending is a little hoaky,  but it doesn't detract from the enjoyability of this film. Suspend your  disbelief and enjoy the show and you won't be disappointed.
B00000K0EA|5.0|No actor could ever bring as much to the role of James Bond as Sean Connery did, but Pierce Brosnan comes the closest.  In Tomorrow Never Dies he is surrounded by the talent he needs to make a credible modern day bond.   Teri Hatcher is stunning and gives a believable performance as one of the  girls that Bond left behind.  Michelle Yeoh's fight scenes are actually  better than Brosnan's; it's refreshing to see a Bond girl do more than just  tag along.  Jonathan Pryce, portraying a media baron, isn't given any truly  great lines but he brings a manic enthusiasm to the role that's fun to  watch.  The music of the film is very satisfying especially to fans of the  James Bond theme, which is heard more often here than in any previous Bond  picture.  Gadgets and action abound, but the most exciting sequence is a  breathtaking rooftop motorcycle chase.  The day after you first watch this  movie on DVD you'll find yourself popping it in just to watch that one  sequence.  Well worth the price if only for the pleasure of playing with  all the special features.
B0000024Z7|5.0|This music is about spiritual joy!  Interesting to note that on the CD you dont see  inside-cover art found in 1972 album...beautiful silhouetted camel caravan and insight from Paramahansa Yoganandas (also to be found on  the cover of Beatles Sargeant Pepper) Metaphysical Meditations: ** The body  melts into the universe, the universe melts into the soundless-voice, the  sound melts into the all-shining light, and the light enters the bosom of  infinte joy **.  This CD is about that bliss-joy! Hear it and feel  it...expand your consciousness!
0451160916|5.0|This is the greatest book I have ever read. I am much younger than the casual reader for this kind of book. The story was incredible, horrifying. Stephen King is Great
B00000ICD9|1.0|Sorry, I hated it. Couldn't even finish the movie. I saw it with several friends and the stats went like this: The woman liked it. The men hated it. I give the movie credit for it's unique vision of after death, but I just  couldn't relate to it (not that I know what life after death is). Before  you buy it try renting it!
6304025831|5.0|3 ours long and it never get boring. It's fascinating from the beginning to the end. One of the best movies of the '90. Great perfomances from the entire cast, very good editing, brilliant camerawork and a rocking  soundtrack makes this just one fantastic movie!
0141301139|5.0|i think this book is really good for what i can remember of it.my teacher read it to me in third grade andf since then i love reading roald dahl books.all of his books are great, i havent read one that i didnt like.
B00000K0DT|4.0|I'm not going to both reviewing the movie. I'm sure you've all seen it, and we all know it's wonderful; one of very few perfect films. The 4 star rating is only because of the quality of the disc.<br />Why do we get such a  poor quality transition to DVD. There are too many moments, especially the  dark scenes, where it looks like you're watching a trailer downloaded from  the internet, the digitisis it shows. And why isn't the widescreen version  enhanced for widescreen TV's. Instead of, like on the better discs, where  you can stretch the image you have too zoom in, therefore decreasing the  picture quality more. And, OK, the commentary is very interesting, but they  keep going on about these great outtakes they had, but they're not on the  disc. I'm happy I bought this film on DVD, just because it is such a great  film. But, like the Seven DVD, it is one that I will probably have to buy  again when a new, more feature packed, edition comes along. So, if you can  wait I would suggest you do, because there is surely going to be another  edition on its way some time soon.
B000031WD9|5.0|It has definately been a while since I've seen a movie as goodas American Pie. Before I even saw this my favorite movie was Life isBeautiful but Im afraid American Pie beats LIB in being my favorite movie of all time. I had heard it was good and I had heard it was bad so I really wasn't sure what to expect. So I put it in and loved it so much that once it was over I watched again and then again. The next day I watched it three more times and so on. The story is simple: Four friends make a pact that by graduation they will lose their virginity. Jim (played by Jason Biggs whos great) is an unlucky guy who has a taste for apple pie. His friends Kevin (Thomas Ian Nichols) is a guy whose girlfriend is iffy on the fact of having sex but wants to, Finch (Eddie Kaye Thomas) is a regular guy who all the girls go crazy over because of some rumors and Oz (Chris Klien) is a jock who has a soft side. The four have some very different adventures from Jim getting caught by his parents in various acts, to Kevin using some techinques of his own, to Finch having a bathroom incident and Oz getting Mina Survari (lucky). What surprised me the most was the fact that American Pie was not as raunchy and shocking as I thought it would be but was very funny. I realized half-way through that this was a true to life movie that the audience could compare themselves to the characters. American Pie stands as a classic to me and is my all time favorite movie. Of course that will change in the near future but until then American Pie is the best. <br />The DVD is loaded as is most other Universal Collector's Edition. First off we get a 10 minute behind the scenes look at the film which goes pretty in-depth on the making with interviews. Then we have a showcase of the soundtrack and music video &quot;You Wanted More&quot; by Tonic. Universal Showcase which contains two trailers one for &quot;Man on the Moon&quot; and the other for &quot;Snow Falling on Cedars&quot;. The outtakes which are very funnyand contains the alternate pie scene. A commentary track which is very informative and entertaining not to mention hilarious is also on the disc. As is reccommendations with three trailers one for Blues Brothers, American Grafitti, and Animal House. There is tons of stuff packed on and the picture which is in widescreen 1:85:1 aspect of ratio which is well preserved. The Dolby Digitial 5.1 soundtrack which uses great surround sound in some scenes is very clear and overall great. So American Pie stands to me as an American Classic that I just cant get enough of.  Ratings (out of 4 stars) Movie: 4 Sound: 4 Picture: 4 Special Features: 4 OVerall: 4
0684872153|5.0|In Angela's Ashes the Frank McCourt describes in great detail the dusty streets of Limerick, Ireland and his acholic father, and of his whole life. <br />The descriptions and beautiful passages in the book is the reason I  picked it up. And it also entertains you with enchanting stories of his  mischeiveous and innocent childhood. It also ends on a light note,  &quot;Isn't America a great place?&quot; End of Second-to-End-Chapter.  &quot;Tis.&quot; End of last chapter. A Great autobiography you have to  read!
B000002NC4|5.0|One of the greatest albums in modern rock history, Built to Spill's Perfect from now on is ideal for anyone who truly loves music.  And when I say music, I don't mean a formula followed and repeated ad nauseum (as most  modern music is) I mean richly layered and eternally evolving melodies and  submelodies themes which float gently in and out of focus throughout the  entire album.  Almost every song can actually be devided into about three  parts merged seamlessly.  The complexity and beauty of this album is so  amazing, it's almost painful.  Buy it now.
B000001IQH|5.0|Just listening to this CD is incredible. It's very powerful and melodic while not being pop. This is one of the best punk CD's of the 90's. If you're just getting into punk, or if you're a long time fan, you will  treasure and love this record. Genius is the only way to describe it.
6300268993|5.0|This movie, pure and simple, is the best of the series.  The special effects during the fight sequence were top-notch for that time, and the acting of all was superb.  The storyline was compelling, and played well  off Superman I, since the first movie opened with the trial of the three  villians.  I think people who looked to this movie to stick strictly with  the comic book need to remember that the movie was not necessarily intended  to be a reproduction of the comic.  The movie is a different medium than  the comic, and should be given a little latitude to demonstrate its own  originality.  I enjoyed this movie in the theater, and have watched it  several times on TV since.  Truly a classic.
0064471047|5.0|I'll never forget receiving the Chronicles of Narnia for Christmas when I was in the third grade (some 20 years ago).  All the books, but especially this one, are magical, innocent, and wonderful.  I was so excited about  these books that my dad read them aloud to the rest of the family.  We used  to beg for just one more chapter before bedtime....  These are the books  that got me into reading, and I've never stopped reading since.  If I ever  have kids of my own, these are the books I'll read to them.
0425132153|5.0|When I was first handed the book I was not sure what to think. All it took was reading the back cover and I was hooked. I have never enjoyed a book so much. The combination of Neil Gaiman and Terry Pratchett made for an  unforgettable story. I don't think I will ever be able to look at the end  of the world quite the same. Not to mention the now 8 (though 4 temporary)  Horsemen of the Apocolyps. An outstanding job was done with this story. I  would recomend it to anyone.
B000001G5L|1.0|I can't understand how someone could massacre the Beethoven concerto the way Mutter does.  It's just unforgivable.  Her tempi are so slow that the music loses all coherency.  Her phrasing(which is almost totally lost in  her slow tempi), is unmusical.  Some unsteady intonation can be heard too.   If you want to hear this piece done right, get Heifetz/Munch,  Heifetz/Toscanini or Milstien/Steinberg
0385484518|3.0|Tuesdays with Morrie - now a successful TV movie- is a story about dealing with death with a positive attitude, about accepting and enjoying the hand that is dealt to you, and  about relationships with both the sick and the  healthy.  As some of the reviewers here have noted, none of the ideas in  the book are very \\"deep\\" or \\"surprising.\\"  Unfortunately, these ideas are  often forgotten or ignored, and this book reminds us to stop and appreciate  things.  Mitch, the sports commentator who spends several Tuesdays with his  dying college mentor, is not angelic by any means; it is probably not  altruism alone that compels him to visit Morrie, but circumstance, guilt,  and a need to understand his own relationships.  I think many of us can  identify with Mitch, who has traded in some of his youthful idealism for  success and money.  As he learned from Morrie, so should we all.<br />Lets get  a few things out in the open.  This book was full of sophomoric writing,  trite moralizing, and odd aphorisms.  Between the chapters recounting the  Mitch's visits, we find anecdotes about both the author and his subject:  their origins, their sufferings, and their idiosyncrasies.  Unfortunately,  there is not enough expository information to get a complete picture of  either of them, only enough to get a feel for their respective  personalities.  I personally would have liked to know a bit more about  Mitch - the book was as much about his struggles as it was about Morrie's.   The book's faults do not in any way negate the importance of Morrie's  message to the world - live life.  It is an important message even if this  is not great literature.
B000002H97|5.0|It is one of the best Rock albums of all time. So there's no light speed guitar riffs -oh no. I liked their earlier stuff too but it was beginning to sound dated. This album was a welcome change. It has their typicaly  excellent lyrics combined with some damn good Rock. If you like Rock but  not Metal then you will like this album. Damn Good.
6302763835|5.0|A very good movie, it is an exellent blend of back scene animation and stage props
6305546797|5.0|This review will be simple.  If you are a child of the 80's, or a slasher movie fan, or just a fan of great DVD collections, then buy this DVD!  The documentary is a vast non-stop avalanche of facts and knowledge on this  great film.  The TV version of the movie has all the added scenes.  The  commentary track will keep your attention throughout.  I highly suggest  purchasing this DVD.  You will watch it over and over and over... If you  like Halloween and other great horror movies then I also suggest the movie  Ice from the Sun.  WOW!  wickedpixel.com
B00000DQSV|4.0|Although They've had a lot of great singles,I've always thought this was Duran Duran's best overall album,from the beautiful &quot;Winter Marches On&quot; to the catchy Notorious to the rockin' Hold Me. American Science,I  think,is the best of the bunch perhaps. If you like the other 80's  DD,you're sure to enjot this.
B000009ED0|5.0|I love Kid Rock and I love this album. This album is great.My favorite song on the album is &quot;Devil With Out A Cause&quot;. The first time that I ever listened to this album was when my cousin Stacy got a limo for  her B-day party and her friends sister put in the CD and I loved it.
6304994540|5.0|This is IMHO the best movie the Coen brothers have ever done.  I like all of their movies except &quot;Barton Fink&quot; which was a real stinkburger.<br />Jeff Bridges is positively brilliant as &quot;The  Dude&quot;, and John Goodman as a whacked out Vietnam vet made my sides  ache from laughing so hard.  Julianne Moore was also quite good as a  pretentious performance artist.  My only complaint about this movie would  be that Steve Buscemi was underused.<br />We also see brief but effective  appearances by Sam Elliott (as the narrator), Peter Stormare (as an  empty-headed German nihilist), John Turturro (as a hotheaded Latino Bowler  with purple shoes),and Ben Gazzarra (as a porn producer).<br />Particularly  noteworthy in this movie is the Busby Berkelyesque &quot;Gutterballs&quot;  sequence which is The Dude's dream of starring in a bowling porno flick  with Moore.  Set to the tune of &quot;Just Checked In To See What Condition  My Condition Was In&quot;, it is the funniest scene in the movie and alone  merits the purchase of this video.<br />As one of the previous customer  reviewers said: &quot;The Dude abides, and so do I&quot;.  It just doesn't  get any better or funnier than this!
B000001EYO|3.0|Thank you for a movie that has changed my life.<br />Having just watched the movie for the 20 something time, I have come to the realization, the sound track is a mere shadow of the original score. 'Your in a world of pain',  John Goodman's speech in the bowling alley as he threaten Smoky with his  life, is hung against a backdrop of and unknown song. 'The song really tied  the scene together man...'I am resigned to buy DVD player JUST to read the  music credits. Yes, the CCR may be in Forgarty's legal battles, but, Ethan  and Joel, please in future movies, use a disclaimer the soundtrack is a  mere shadow or the original. The selection of music to this movie was  nothing short of brillant.
B000031WD9|5.0|I had no idea that anyone could actually capture what life was like during highschool.  I don't care if you are in highschool now or graduated ten years ago, this movie will effect you.  The laughs you will have and the  things you will see will leave you in awe!
0425098478|2.0|I once worked for a boss who swore by this book, although I think he quoted it more as a justification to constantly issue &quot;reprimands&quot; to his subordinates (turnover rates in his office  were quite high). <br />The book has a very oversimplified and condescending  tone, and attempts inflate the &quot;veteran manager&quot; into some sort  of sage-like fountain of knowledge (I have yet to meet such a seemingly  wise, all-knowing manager like the one in this book).<br />Dilbert owes much  of his popularity to fed-up employees working under the thumb of managers  who mindlessly latch onto management fads such as this book.<br />If you  really want to expand your mind, read *Heart of Darkness* by Joseph Conrad  and *The Dilbert Principle* by Scott Adams after reading this book.   Reality falls somewhere within these extremes.
B00001U0GQ|2.0|For those who love this movie and are expecting a great DVD, save your money, because you'll be extremely disappointed with the quality of the DVD transfer and the new choppy edits. The new less-than-seamless edits, poor  color and lighting, and muddy dialogue transfer are more than enough  reasons not to spend your money on this version.  I agree with the others  who hope this is not the last definitive version of this movie.
630469654X|4.0|It's amazing how many people have seen this film even though it was never a critcal success at the box office.  Ladyhawke boasts an outstanding cast (I believe this to be Rutger Hauer's 2nd best film next to Blade Runner)  and an excellent script with an original storyline that many should find  quite engaging.  The costumes are first rate and the sword fights are the  most effective I have seen in film to date (neither Excalibur nor the  insulting First Knight were ever as effective with their fight sequences;  it should never look like you're swinging tooth picks around; swords are  heavy and fighting with them is exhausting; the director obviously realized  this fact and utilized it effectively in the finale--excellent).  Yes, the  music score for this film makes you scratch your head.  Nevertheless, there  are a handful of effective emotional tracks that tug you in the right  direction (and a couple that make you cringe).  <br />Overall, a beautifully  shot film, high production quality, and an original story.  This is a  first-rate film that should please most.  This film never fails to impress  me.
B000001FI7|5.0|Beth Gibbons vocals are stunning. I have have had this CD for over 4 years now, I still actively enjoy it, and many of the tunes still give me the chills just as strongly as at first listen. This CD is one of my top 5 of  all time, and I like to think I have pretty eclectic tastes. It's also the  only CD I have ever ordered from amazon as a gift for a friend (she loved  it, so I sent her their second album last week). This isn't necessarily  listen-to-in-your-car music, I tend to listen to it during quiet moments at  home. Some find it a little ominous or dark even, I just find it very  relaxing - the tunes just draw me in.
B00000JG41|5.0|take the average stars they have for disco volante, multiply them by the average stars for mr. bungle, raise it to the power 1 000 000 000 000, and you'll get the average stars that california desires
6305508550|5.0|If you've seen trailers/previews for this movie that make it look lame, ignore them. I saw this movie as an &quot;Oh this will do I suppose&quot; selection from Blockbuster, and found it HILARIOUS. The Bill Lundberg (the  boss) character is a hysterical characature; I've been exchanging Lundberg  quotes with a friend I work with for over a month. Get a six pack and a big  bag of chips, call some of the people from your office and kick back and  enjoy. Moments to watch for?...listen to the lead character explain to  Jennifer Aniston his new approach to his job.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I recently reviewed Alanis Morissette's Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie, claiming that she used powerful lyrics to express her new-found joy in life.  I WAS WRONG.  If you want to hear someone bear their soul to you,  this is what you want to hear.  I write this review while listening to Love  Ridden in my CD drive.<br />The first time I ever heard of Fiona was on a CD  of Grammy nominees I bought a few years ago.  Fiona Apple's Criminal was on  it.  I fell madly in love with her song, but never found anything else that  I liked of hers, except her version of the Beatle's Across The Universe on  the Pleasantville Soundtrack.  <br />That was the last I had heard of her.   Then, one day, I was watching MTV when I saw Apple's video for Fast As You  Can.  I realized then that I HAD to get her CD.  I hadn't known at the time  it was on a new one.  I have never previously bought one of her CD's, but I  promise you that I will from now on.  &quot;Fast As You Can,&quot;  &quot;For Your Love,&quot; &quot;Love Ridden,&quot; &quot;I Know,&quot; the  whole thing.  Just by listening to this CD you can tell that she wants  everyone to know what she has to say.  Her music is very different from  anything else I've ever heard before.  <br />So if you want change from all  the teen &quot;sensations&quot; and want some real, powerful, music, get  this.  It's the closest you'll get to the truth in this mixed up world of  ours.  :-)
B000031WD9|5.0|This movie was great. Not since 'Dazed and Confused' has a movie shown a humourous yet sentimental picture of teenage life. A must see!
6305558167|5.0|This is a wonderful film, truly the gold that lies beneath the dross that is cinema's usual maudlin and ridiculous handling of the Arthurian legends. The director knows his material well and handles it with respect. The film  is, hence, much more gothic than romantic, an atmosphere enhanced with  unusual lighting and wonderful music (primarily driven by Wagner's  &quot;Parsifal&quot; and Orff's &quot;Carmina Burana&quot;).<br />The  director's commentary is enlightening, but one had best be prepared for a  somewhat rambling style.
0385484518|5.0|This book bridges gaps of communicating about death, life, and priorities for several generaltions, but mainly opens up talks for baby-boomers frightened of their own mortality.<br />It is definitely a must-read!
6304925131|5.0|The Rainmaker is an honest, straightfoward, and sensitive film about a young lawyer in Memphis who happens to become involved in a David &amp; Goliathesque lawsuit against the insurance company Great Benefit. The plot  is predictable.  It is the acting that makes this such a great film.  Matt  Damon and Claire Danes present their characters in a convincing and sincere  manner, as do DeVito and Glover.  This is perhaps one of the few films I  have seen in which there isn't some actor who drags like lead.  An  excellent movie overall, I'd recommend it to anyone.
1573300659|5.0|Okay this is a great video for those that want everything probably already at your house in better condition. I for one had better sound of the Motown Billie Jean performance than from the original show shown back in '83. The  videos shown are : History advertiserment shown on t.v. to promote the  History album with the statue), Billie Jean from Motown performance, Beat  It, Liberian Girl, Smooth Criminal (edited moonwalker version not the  original video), MTV performance from 1995, Thriller, Scream, STranger IN  Moscow, Childhood, Blood on the Dance Floor, You Are not alone, (basically  all the History videos, except the mixes) and the Teaser. Basically, I had  all this stuff the only good thing about it was it was in stereo and  clearer and brushed up from eighties. Other than that I'd think this was a  waste of money. Nothing new on here.
B00000634L|5.0|Glee has everything... probably the most eclectic CD I have in my entire collection. There's a lot of rap but it's done completely different from any rap artist I've ever heard. The track 'Old School' starts off  completely 80's metal and then busts in with some porno-funk noise... it's  my favorite track on the album. Then there's the 'Drinkin' In L.A.' tune  that will get anyone singing along... towards the end there's even some  stuff that twangs on the country side but the lyrics keep it from being  stupid... 'Mama Don't Smoke' (too much dope) is a great way to end the CD.  There's something on here for everyone!
B000009CEM|3.0|I actually loved the lighter yet powerful songs on this album, but the really heavy stuff is just over the top and gets boring real fast.  If Fear Factory want to become a true great band they should focus more on songs  like 'descent' which really mix various styles to create something powerful  and not stick to the obnoxious, repetitive screaming of songs like  'obsolete' (which is just that).  I saw them in concert a couple of weeks  ago and they rocked like hell and the concert was just crazy, but that same  type of music which sounds great live comes over as dull on disc (the  really heavy stuff...).
6305342776|3.0|Early releases of this DVD are missing the front-right channel.  The movie still sounds great but just get close to your front-right speaker and you'll notice the lack of sound.  I've got one of these early copies from  Amazon and hope to re-order an improved version.  I've read on-line that  the true 5.1 version has a red colored seal or mark of some kind on the  back, outside cover of the case.
B00000099Y|4.0|Sounds like your average band on Relapse slowed down and loaded up with jack daniels. Moody and highly textured with a heavy alt. style to it. Better then most alt. music though so thats not really a shot against it.  Cross Neurosis and Third Eye Blind and you'd probably end up with this.
B00000J7S8|5.0|This CD is simply astounding and it definitely grows on you. Diana has a sensational voice and her piano playing is superb. Russell Malone on guitar sounds incredible. All the other musicians are also first rate and the  arrangements are truly beautiful. I really LOVE those strings. They remind  me of better days, of the great orchestrations, the grandiose ballads. My  favorite track is the title song. But every song is a gem.  And then, there  is the sound quality. WOW! What a great sounding CD, full bodied and very natural. You can  almost touch each instrument and Miss Krall's voice has an enormous dynamic  range. Bass is deep and tuneful. Go and grab this CD TODAY!
0452273331|5.0|In brief, the book is about Howard Roark, a man striving to become a modernist architect in a society which despises modernism and adores classicism.  He falls in love with Dominique Francon, the daughter of the  most prominent New York classical Architect.  The story tells of his  struggle, and Dominique's struggle with some of her own issues.<br />The three  things which struck me most about this book are:<br />1: The characters are  all utterly deplorable<BR> 2: Todays society is run by facsimiles of the  characters<BR> 3: Objectivism (Ayn Rands Philosophy) offers despair as its  reward.<BR><br />The book itself was fabulous.  I had a difficult time putting  it down.  The book has many dialogues, some of which did not make it clear  who was speaking, on the other hand, many of the dialogues were the  sharpest I have ever seen.  At one point I was physically buzzing due to  this (When Dominique - the main character, first meets Gail - the wealthy  newsman.)<br />Rand describes a stuffy society, run by wealthy men but  controlled by unions.  She builds a society of &quot;second-handers&quot;-  people who spend their lives imitating all that has gone before them.  Her  main characters obviously depict her Objectivist philosophy. They are the  outcasts in a hostile society.  <br />Rand showed many of the errors of her  philosophy (unwittingly, I am sure) in this book.  Reversing the roles of  the selfish and the selfless.  She manages to make it look like a person,  selfish by todays standards, is in fact a selfless person, and vice versa.   The method she uses is highly transparent.<br />I would recommend the book for  people who love to read and will read anything.  I don't recommend Mrs.  Rands philosophical ideas - and if you do choose to read this book, you  will see why.<br />The character I loved: Gail Wynand<BR> The character I  despised: Ellsworth Toohey
B00002E233|2.0|I confess, i like this kind of stuff.  I'd buy anything that had giant monsters in it.  Jaws was still done better although the EFX are better by far in this one.  Watching the out takes on the DVD cued me in on the  problem.  The director cut the character development for action and I ended  up liking the shark more than the people.  Not good for this kind of movie.   Should you buy it?  If you like Jason and the Argonauts, Sinbad movies,  giant ant movies, and classic 60's horror you will probably like this.  If  you liked Jaws with it superior characters, you will not like this.  I need  to like one character at least in each movie,  LL Cool J came close but he  was played too much toward comedy.  The lead hero was stiff.  The sharks  were way cool though. Go sharks.
044020271X|5.0|Tapestry is the third book that Belva Plain wrote with the same main characters. Her first book in this series of three is Evergreen followed by Golden Cup and then came Tapestry. You will love Tapestry. I did. I am  going to get Evergreen and Golden Cup even though the reading will be out  of order.
0060245867|5.0|The book is very creative, by having a simple, but silly story line that is easy for a child as young as two to listen to.  The pictures are very well illustrated and the story line has a nice way of finishing off where  it started! It's a great gift item, I've given it to a few of my friends!
B00001ZUGJ|5.0|I believe that this is a very good movie. Most of the special effects are great. But if you watch closely you can see some horrible effects. Such as when a fighter drops his gun the gun is made out of such poor rubber that  it bends. That is the only downfall, but that is merely a detail. All in  all The Matrix is an awsome movie and i recommend it to everyone
B00002Z88D|5.0|Metallica continues to rock the world, this time with the San Francisco Symphony Orchestra. This album is a must buy!
B00000IPGT|5.0|Oooh, you can't give him a balm!  It might bite him! There is an animal called a balm.  Or did I dream it? Lots of naughty bits in this film, there are.
6300268470|5.0|Some complain that Nelson is &quot;sleep-walking&quot; or &quot;comatose.&quot; Others say that he mumbles. He does neither. All he really does is play the self-effacing, laconic young cowboy (of which the  real West has NO shortage) quite well. He doesn't sing badly,  either.<br />Othes say that there is no chemistry between Wayne and Dickinson.  Maybe not, but it does accurately capture the awkwardness one might expect  in a similar situation.<br />Those two minor criticisms aside, this is simply  a great movie, a timeless classic, one for the ages. I could go on, but you  get the idea.
0802713319|4.0|I really appreciate an author who can make the complex easy to understand or easy to ignore.  Singh lets the reader choose her own route in relishing this intriguing story about war, politics, religion, and academia.  Not a  mathophile, I was at first intimidated by this book.  Once I realized that  I did not need an MA in Math to understand this story, I sat back and  enjoyed the intricate weaving of biography and science.
B000023VTQ|5.0|If this movie does not move you emotionally, you simply are not alive! Look, people say that this is a &quot;girl movie&quot;. Well, I'm here to tell you otherwise. I am 26 years old, 6'4&quot; tall, weigh 280 pounds. I  am the kind of man who would look you in the eye and never back up. But  this movie had me crying like a little whipped pup. <br />Is this movie based  in reality? No, it is not but I wouldn't have it any other way. This movie  presses all the emotional buttons. It makes you laugh and it makes you cry.  Look, do yourself a favour and rent it! Better yet, BUY IT! <br />Sincerely  yours,<br />Daniel
B00000IAU3|5.0|My friend and I loved the song &quot;Here with me&quot; from Roswell, so we found out who it was sung by. I bought the CD for my friend and me for Christmas(he he he) At first I just liked the one song but once I got my  self to listen to the whole track I was amazed. That is practicle all that  we listen to now. It is GREAT!
B00000JCB2|3.0|I'll admit, I started out hating Limp Bizkit. It seemed like they were &quot;lucky&quot; to catch the current rap-metal trend (which is something I'll stand by, because it DID help them a lot), and they had no talent. And  when I listened to this CD, I was looking forward to being able to say I'd  heard it, and it was TRULY horrible. However, they actually DO have some  good songs; the (real) opener &quot;Just Like This&quot;,  &quot;Rearranged&quot; and even &quot;Nookie&quot; (as stupid as it is,  lyrically, it IS catchy). A few on here, like &quot;Break Stuff&quot; and  all the interlude tracks, I still hate, but I've got to give the guys  credit for doing something decent. It didn't 'rock my world', but it didn't  make me shut it off in disgust, and I was interested enough to finish most  of the album.
B000002BQK|5.0|Mariah Carey, has evidently change dramatically in terms of her sartoria sides, and also her music compass..<br />From mainstream pop to close R&amp;B music, Mariah Carey has clearly show-off her multi-faceted side, and also  her writting has matured a lot...<br />More personal stuffs are written in  different genres of music, and this Butterfly album indeed has a mixture of  different songs, from mainstream pop, to R&amp;B, to street rythmns, to  gospel, she fare off really well.<br />I personally like The Roof the best and  i view it as the most under-rated song in this album, Roof has the groovy,  jazzy kindda feel in the composition, and the lyrics actually float pass  each other so well, with the inclusion of Mariah's sassy voice this song is  a match in heaven. <br />My All, the latin feel in this song brings out the  superb feel in Mariah's voice. Starting out with her alto introduction, she  gradually elevate to her sopran'ic' side in the chorus... and finally ended  with soft subtle touches...<br />This album is her best album throughout, and  she injected her greatest effort in this album and she did have promising  results!
B000021Y74|5.0|&quot;Run Lola Run&quot; is a masterpiece so unlike a movie - a movie in the traditional sense, that is, that it's difficult to follow at first. On second and later viewings, it can be viewed for the marvel that it is. It  is ingenious in its subtle nuances of passing characters and seemingly  throwaway moments that turn out to be so much more, and build the suspense  and anticipation, as well as the opprtunity for brilliant twists,  throughout the movie. The pulsating sound-track is a stroke of genius, and  falls right in step with the relentless pacing of the movie. If you are  intolerant of unusual or innovative filmmaking, do not see this movie. But  if you have a genuine taste for the bizzare, the creative, the  attention-grabbing, and the deviously intelligent, &quot;Run Lola Run&quot;  is a movie for you.
B000002AVF|5.0|Mariah sounds great in this album, i like fantasy and one sweet day, and also open arms sounds great!
014028009X|5.0|This book was simply marvelous.  I am only 17 and I couldn't relate to probably half the stuff bridget went through, but I could not put the book down!  This is the first time I have read a book and actually laughed out  loud.
B000002HMH|4.0|Metallica's new direction is not metal but it isn't alternative. At first, it was hard for me to swallow the fact that James Hetfield wasn't 21 years old anymore. Nobody can stay young forever.
6304539258|5.0|star wars is the basic root of our culture over the past 100 years. it diverges into mythology and is a flash gordon based work. the adventures of luke skywalker are very important in all aspects of our culture. the only  people who usually find this movie boring are not seeing the mythological  themes, or the importance of the quest.
B000002L68|5.0|_Purple Rain is known as Prince's definitive work, but how can you define the undefineable artist?  The album took music to new level that year.  Coming off the 1999 lp Prince had forged a reputation in funky r/b. With  tracks like the guitar driven Let's Go Crazy, and the title song, this  artist made funk rock music that made him hard to pin down categorically.  When Doves Cry was a dance smash while Computer Blue was just that: a  blusey r/b rock song.  The Beutiful Ones is a classic prince pop ballad and  I Would Die for you sort of summed up the album emotionally. Even if you  never saw the film you could feel the raw emotion of the song as well as  the feeling of continuity throughout this classic gem. This is an all time  all genre album right up there with Sgt. Pepper(beatles) and What's Going  On (Marvin Gaye).
B000002H97|5.0|This is Metallica's best album by far. There is not a song on here that isn't worthy of hours of play. From the slower &quot;The Unforgiven&quot; and &quot;Nothing Else Matters&quot; to the hard &quot;Through the  Never&quot; this is the sort of CD you can drop in and listen to all the  way through.
B0000025IE|4.0|I agree that this is one of the best metal discs made for its time. I lived through the original time of Judas Priest.The mighty Priest are now back in full hard rockin',ear bursting sound they deserve.So now that the disc has been remastered,you can hear the music as it should be.(at extreme volume!).The raw edge of early Priest is present,along with some hint of future output.\\"Living after Midnight\\" will be forever be an anthem to the heavy metal scene.Those of you who were proud to wear a mullet and bang your head would understand.I would not have it any other way.    rock hard,ride free Ant
044022425X|5.0|Fascinating. I have read all 4 books and can't wait for the fifth one to be published.  Excellent writing.  Contrary to some other reviews,I've enjoyed the inclusion of Roger and Brianna and the slower pace in some  parts of the book.  It helped prolonge the suspense.  Keep writing Diana.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I was so shocked that this record from the talented Fiona Apple so readily exceeded her 1996 work &quot;Tidal.&quot; &quot;When the Pawn...&quot; is brimming with amazing music, lyrics, and the voice of one individual who  has proven that she's not just another flash in the pan. Like  &quot;Tidal,&quot; there is not a song on &quot;When the Pawn...&quot; that  does not deserve multiple listens. My favorites are &quot;Limp,&quot;  &quot;Fast as You Can,&quot; &quot;Get Gone,&quot; and &quot;I Know.&quot;  I recommend this for anyone who enjoyed &quot;Tidal,&quot; and for those  who like female artists with stunning vocals and the knack for writing damn  good music.
B00001PE4D|5.0|Cruel Intentions was really a good movie, a little more than we wanted to know at some times, but you get over it. Reese and Ryan had absolutly great chemestry on the set probably because of their off screen romance. The end  was a not that great, kinda didn't fit in with the rest of the movie, but I  still enjoyed it.
6303327982|5.0|This is an excellent movie, but a lot of people won't like it. No, I'm not talking about the violence, while it is violent, there are movies with much worse violence than this. I'm talking about the way it was made. Oliver  Stone did quite a good job with making this movie truly an experience in a  way few movies are. It switches between color and black and white and  random, and is often seems almost other-worldly. It is very good, and often  very funny with a lot of good satire. This is a movie you should see, it's  one of my favorites, but you may not like it. My only real complaint is the  lack of use of the brilliant nine inch nails song &quot;Burn&quot; from the  soundtrack (NIN is one of my favorite bands) in the movie. It is only used  in one small part at the very end, when we see flashing images of Mickey  covered with blood, fire, etc. This is a great movie, although, again, it's  not for everyone.
0800128052|5.0|If you ever need inspiration from a film this is it. This true life rocky like story is unforgetable, sean astin is perfect and the rest of the cast is superb. The use of stirring music and great direction leave me inspired  every time i watch this film and i have watched it over 10 times. You must  see this film to realize how dreams can come true with true grit and  determination.
6302548195|5.0|THIS IS AN EXCELLENT MOVIE THAT HELPED MAKE BODYBUILDING WHAT IT IS TODAY.  ARNOLD AND LOU ARE AT TOP FORM AND AT THE PEAK OF THEIR BOUDYBUILDING CAREER. SEE MORE MUSCLES THAN YOU WILL EVER SEE IN ANY MOVIE OR AT ANY GYM.
B00000163G|5.0|This is his best CD. He is so good! All you people that say bad stuff about it dont know what you  are saying cause this CD is soooooooooooooooooooo good. It sounds really good all of the songs are  really easy to get stuck in your head and catchy
0679424741|5.0|Every two or three pages, the hairs on the back of my neck would prickle up. This book is marvellous and masterfully crafted. <br />Recommended reading: anyone with the time to spare for perhaps the best read of his or  her life.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I purchased Fiona's first album &quot; Tidal &quot; a while back and have since been waiting for her second to come out. As soon as I popped this Cd into my sterio and listened to the first track I loved it! Fiona has  definately worked on her vocals ^_^ Her voice is more soulfull than ever..  Her lyrics are very inspirational and each sond has a deep meaning attached  to it. I also love the instrumentals behind each track.They are very  diverse. I reccomend that everyone buy this CD.
B00002DEMV|5.0|If you are like me and are searching for good quality 90s hard music, buy this cd. You won't be dissapointed. Tarja's voice is impressive and the band's opera/progressive/metal style makes a very interesting combination.
0446525537|5.0|This book brought me to tears just like his past two have. I am only seventeen years of age, but this book makes you believe that true unconditional love is possible at any age. A Walk to Remember is without  out a doubt my favorite of the three books, it relates to all ages, shows  the trials of teenagers and makes you happy and sad all at once. I  recommend this book to anyone who believes in true love.
0060194995|5.0|I have just finished this book for (I would estimate) the 12th time since it was originally published in 1960.  Its wonderment never ceases.  It's too bad, in a way, that Harper Lee never wrote another. On the other hand,  how do you improve on perfection?
6304873441|5.0|This morning for Christmas, I recieved the movie &quot;Anistasia&quot; as a present! So far, I have watched it 3 times tonight!This is one of those movies the whole family can watch countless times without getting bored.  Also,The movie has a love story side and an adventerous side.. The musical  songs are simply enchanting!  Near the end,I almost cry everytime!  By the  way,I feel in love with John Cusack's characte,Demetrie! He's adorable.  This is much better than any disney movie I have ever seen because the main  character,Anistasia (Anya ) has a true mind of her own, and is not the  steriotyped prim priss goody you seem to see in all the Disney movies.  That's one of the things I love about it..she isn't really overpowered and  she follows no ones rules if she dosn't agree! Everytime I watch, I notice  something I didn't notice before. I love this movie so much I even bought  the soundtrack and the music box Anistasia recieves from her grandmother.  The supporting characters (as well as the main ) do an excellent job!  I  don't know if I've mentioned this, but Meg Ryan and John Cusack have such  wonderful voices, and certinally can act. This is a wonderful combination  of Comedy,alittle tragety,love story,and compation!  All right,enough of  this. I won't spoil the plot for you. Go out and enjoy it yourself!
B000002U82|5.0|...THINK I'LL BUY ME THIS C.D. Is Pink Floyd getting back together? No, didn't think so. I just wish a band as good as these guys can make this type of masterpiece for my generation. But no, I'm stuck with Korn and  Bizkits. Anyone who really appreciates music will call this a masterpiece.
B00002MZ12|5.0|It's not often that an artist can faithfully reproduce the sound of their studio recording, but if anyone could do it you might expect that it would be Alanis could.  Her ability to say what she means with the utmost clarity  is truly matched by her ability to portray a message loud and clear to a  live audience.  If you like her work I think you will like this.
0767836286|5.0|When I saw this movie I had no idea what I was in for. I never even heard of it. After watching it I really don't understand why it wasn't given much credit, if any at all considering it made just about everyone in the movie  theater sit and stare from the shock of the insanely creepy ending! I loved  it!
B00002MZ12|5.0|I basically have one thing to say abut this recording. I used to think the artist blew and then my friend told me that I HAVE to listen to this album. I'm glad I did, because I haven't looked back ever since.
B00000K2SC|5.0|This is my all time favorite movie! The special effects were amazing! I think that the plot wasn't too confusing. You just have to watch closely and listen. The effects are dazzleing and the whole movie is amazing. It's  really cool to see how they walked the walls and when Neo and Trinity break  into the high security building the fight that results is amazing. You  really should buy this movie!
0790733226|3.0|The sound and digital film transfer and the DVD's extra feature, for example, the commentaries, the look at how special effects were create were excellent. The opening was terrific, as were many of the clever film  techniques (when the little girl runs into the bathroom and we switch from  a direct view of her running into the bathroom to her reflection). However,  I found the characterization of government officals totally Hollywood.  &quot;If they're so smart,&quot; said the National Security  Advisor,&quot;why didn't they send the message in English?&quot;  What?   Why does Hollywood continue to portray people in those positions as that  stupid? I know some of those people and they are nothing like the paranoid,  ignorant individuals portrayed in this film. (The &quot;priest&quot;  walking in late to the high-level meeting in the White House with a lame  &quot;Sorry, ma'am&quot; would have been wildly inappropriate in real  life.) Also, why was she away for 18 hours and on her return no time had  passed? What happened to Einstein?  The religion-science debate was weakly  portrayed, as well.  Incredibly superficial. Why the pseudo-priest?  So we  can have Foster and McConaughey in bed with each other? This movie had  great potential.  See Gattaca or Blade Runner if you want depth and not  &quot;Hollywood.&quot;
0380002930|2.0|The title says it. The Redwall series is simply better. It doesn't matter to real readers if a book is a classic or not; it just matters if its good. Everyone out there, read Brian Jacques.
6305538018|5.0|Imaginative, unpredictable, captivating... a thinking person's version of the Matrix, as both films explore the distinctions between reality and artifice in a futuristic, technologically dependent world. Unlike the  Matrix, though, eXistenZ is not a full-length, motion-picture video game.  Check it out!
0446525537|5.0|I loved this book. I can't stop telling people about it.  Mr. Sparks does a great job of describing youth and all it's emotions.  I cried and cried and cried.  (and many of my friends got it for Christmas! )
B00000163G|5.0|hands down one of the most eeriest, beautiful yet venomous recordings ever made. he took on player haters, jealousy, scandalous females, dead homies, fake thugs, politics, sex, drugs and more sex. whew! the brother even  prophesied his own death as on other lp's but thoroughly more convincing  than any other effort (save the don killuminati album) this is the  quintessential gangsta rap from a truly tortured, and conflicted  mind.makaveli, you are appreciated.
B00002E233|2.0|Deep Blue Sea is the latest string of high-tech effects and no story films. These computer genetrated effects are so &quot;cheesey&quot; they're not believeable. Super intelligent sharks that seek out they're human  creators. I've heard and seen that same plot over and over. I hated the  actors so much, I fast forward to scenes where people got gobbled by the  toothy intellectual sharks.
0441172717|5.0|After reading this book for a second time it just gets better and better. The world created by Herbert is far beyond conventional imagination and it is due to this that once picked up, Dune completely captivates you. The way  the world and people are described make it hard to believe that Arrakis and  its varied inhabitants don't exist.
B00000JCOV|5.0|Contrary to what some people have said,this music is not the cause of all the problems in this country, more likely, it is a result of the problems in society.  Anyway, I have seen this band live twice and soon for a third  time and they are one of the greatest Metal bands I have ever heard or  seen, and I have seen plenty of bands!   So buy this cd and you will not  be disappointed!
B00002MZ2C|5.0|The Battle of Los Angeles is the best Rage album ever and one of the best rock albums ever. Tom Morello's riffs are more powerful and haunting that ever before. But he is matched perfectly by y.tim.k's improved skills on  bass and Brad Wilk's powerful drum beats. Zack De La Rocha's raps faster  and better than ever before and with this album he feels the music as much  as the message.
B000003RCY|5.0|If you have Sehnsucht, you need to get Herzeleid.  Without Du Hast, this CD is still great.  It's great from beginning till the end.  Rammstein combines industrial heavy metal with techno to give their own unique style  of music.  The lyrics are radical, but you find there is a deeper message  to be given with every song.  If you're a Rammstein fan, you must have this  CD.  I continually choose to listen to this over Sehnsucht, because it's  harder and it contains a larger selection of styles, which makes it so much  easier to listen to at any time.  My personal favorites are Wollt ihr das  Bett in Flammen sehen, Weisses Fleisch, Asche zu Asche, Seemann, Du riechst  so gut, Heirate Mich, Laichzeit, and Rammstein.  Buy it and you'll know  what I mean.
B00000K19E|3.0|The special effects were terrific...the acting was excellent...the blatent over use of guns and violence did not enhance the 30 minuntes of storytelling content.  However all you &quot;guys&quot; out there will love  it.
B0000057C5|4.0|Rammstein presents their second full CD in style, with songs like their infamous Du Hast, radical Bck Dich, inspirational Bestrafe Mich, and tearful Klavier.  From start to finish this album is a complete  masterpiece.  With a combination of industrial heavy metal and techno  they've created a music genre all their own.  And for all of you that don't  know yet, Du Hast has a double meaning: You have and You hate, so be  careful when you think you know what they're saying.
0893860220|5.0|This book is a teaching in question and answer form and carries the powerfull shakti of Sri Nisargadatta right on the pages.  With absolute ruthlessness, he turns every question on end, returning again to the core of the enlightened state and how to achieve it.  Yet, also repeatedly tells  us we are not away from that state as we are now, we are just not paying  attention to being what we are at the core.<br />Reading this book will  throw you into meditation.  You cannot escape.  The busy mind is brought to  a halt with simple instructions that grab the reader and don't let go.  Only by reading quickly and without comprehensiion can you get thru 10  pages at a time withhout being tossed into meditation.  Go for it!
B0000019PA|2.0|bought this per amazons recommendations...this was the cd that made me go buy a new computer, one with the capacity to download music samples. while i've made my mark buying on intuition and research(1000+ LP&amp;CDs)this  was the worst, and i won't make that mistake again...way overhyped..
014028009X|5.0|To the reviewer from New York who gave the book one star:  Jane Austen was not writing during the Edwardian era; it was the Regency.  If you're going to write such a negative and pretentious review, at least get your facts  right.
B00000JCB2|5.0|This sophomore effort from Limp Bizkit shows their growth as a band more than anything. Their debut, Three Dollar Bill Ya'll$ showed their  potential as a hard rocking group, but Signifigant Other exhibits their  potential as a varying group, with hard tracks like &quot;Nookie&quot; and  &quot;Break Stuff,&quot; and mellow tracks like &quot;Re-arranged&quot; and  &quot;No Sex.&quot;<br />Cameos from Korn's Jonathan Davis and Wu Tang's  Method Man change things up a little bit, showing other groups' styles  mixed in with Limps unique blend of rap and rock.  Personally, I don't like  the track that Method Man raps on, &quot;N 2gether Now&quot; simply because  it sound more like rap than real Limp Bizkit.  But Jonathan Davis's track  &quot;Nobody Like You&quot; is really good, and there's nothing wrong with  hearing a little Korn in there.<br />Overall, this CD is great; it's  something you could listen to over and over again, and it makes you want to  get up and mosh.  Plus, when Fred Dusrt mentions every city that's he's  been to on tour in &quot;Show Me What You Got,&quot; it's evident that the  group is definitely down to earth and in touch with their fans.
6304595247|3.0|Truly, I'm one of those people who believe that a movie CANNOT be absolutely faithful to the novel it is based on.  It simply doesn't work that way.  A novel and a movie are two totally different things that can  hardly be depthly compared.  It's all perspective here, and art is for you  to see others' perspectives, as well as yours.  Ralph Fiennes gave an  extremely intense and exhilarating display of passion-as-a-man, and to me,  that was the big thing (with exception to the awesome soundtrack and  scenery) that buoyed the film.  Binoche is fine as Cathy and Catherine,  though fundamentally, I couldn't tell the difference between her two  performances.  I liked the way the lovers' relationship matured (and  eventually crept into turmoil) over the course of the movie: at the  beginning, they don't seem to care about anything.  They were abrupt,  impatient kids whose love was green in a way.  Fiennes is dark and cold  from the beginning, and he gets more and more sumptuously so as he is  driven by blind passion.   Overall, this is a rather bleak movie, dark but  not quite sad, intriguing but not quite graceful.  A fine movie for anyone  to see, though.  Its fearless emotionalism will probably win you over, and  truth be told, it is a generally good movie.
0385484518|5.0|I enjoyed every minute of it.  I highly recommend it
B00003003R|5.0|This album was put out as a farewell to the old lineup of GNR, and what a farewell it is.  Those of us who got to see GNR live in their prime will be reminded of what a great band they really were.  That's something that sort  of gets left out when most people remember Guns.  While most of the songs  aren't studio quality, these are the best tracks they could find out of all  their live efforts, and they found some great ones.  From the intro with  Nightrain to the closing notes of Paradise City, the album is a long, wild  ride.  It's honestly the best live album I've ever heard.  Can't wait for  Chinese Democracy.
B00000DHZJ|5.0|If you are considering a box set or just a single CD, buy Jimi's.  The ultimate musician of foresight and thrust in the  60's.  He changed our music forever.  <br />The memories of flying in a Huey with Jimi on board  exemplify the Viet Nam War.  Lookout Charlie, here comes Jimi.
B000002J1O|5.0|It's very difficult to listen to this album at times, becuase when you do you can't help to think of what might of have been.  If Peter had not left the band....  If Steve had not left the band....  If Phil had not  discovered the wonders of Top 40....  From Peter's haunting first notes on  Dancing... to the final second of the album, you are treated to one of the  finest Progressive Rock albums ever created, an album which probably comes  closer to classical than rock if it has to be categorized.  Steve's guitar  work is absolutely mesmerizing and his melodies intertwined with Tony's  keyboards are the strongest point of this album.  You haven't heard Genesis  if you haven't heard this album, Foxtrot, and Lamb...
B00000DHZJ|5.0|If you ever are considering a box set, buy Jimi's.  It is truly the total Hendrix experience.<br />The memories of flying in a Huey with Jimi on board exemplify the Viet Nam Era.  Lookout Charlie, here comes Jimi.
B000002IST|3.0|While nowhere near as strong lyrically or musically as pre-80's Genesis, We Can't Dance is much better than its immediate predecessor, Invisible Touch.  Some of the songs are filler and the album would rate higher  without them (I Can't Dance?  C'mon!), but there are two songs on this  album that alone make it worth having for any true Genesis fan (meaning you  own at least one Peter Gabriel Genesis album on vinyl).  Living Forever and  - especially - Fading Lights harken back to the days when the band didn't  care about writing radio worthy singles.  Tony's work on Fading Lights is  magnificent and Phil's amazing drumming isn't over-produced and synthesized  as it was on some of the more recent Genesis albums (Second Home by the  Sea, anything on Invisible Touch).  Too bad they couldn't cut out the pop  songs and add a few more songs with depth, but, frankly, that's the Phil  Collins influence coming through.  Even though he had such a poppy,  negative effect at times on the band, it's too bad Phil left after this  release because its obvious that Genesis still had some life in 'em....even  if they only produce two quality songs per album, it's worth it....
B000001FY9|5.0|This is a really well done greatest hits compilation.  This album has all of the Bob Marley songs that everyone knows and loves, as well as the lesser known Marley songs that are also awesome.  The selection of the  tracks on this album was well done, with every song being awesome except  for the over poppy &quot;Could You Be Loved&quot;.  This is a must buy  album!
B00000FC5H|5.0|My wife knew I wanted this CD for Christmas 1999 and as soon as I received it Christmas morning, it went into the CD player. I was not disappointed as Earth Wind and Fire's smooth distictive sound filled the room. Each and  every song brings great memories, and is a reminder that this group was  unique for it's time and for today. Seventeen hits all on one CD. I was  very happy with this gift!
0767817486|5.0|This was a great film due to its acting, cinematography, and intense storyline. I am surprised that many reviewers (many of Turkish origin?) have taken on such a defensive stance due to what others may think of the  country itself. To me, it is a simple prison movie with universal themes of  brutality, lonliness, and remorse. Then again, Turkey is a country that DID  commit a Genocide against its Armenian citizens in 1915 and  has been  roundly condemed for denying it. It's no wonder that unfavorable reviews  are on the basis of Turkish paranoia rather than the merits of the movie.
1882723171|5.0|Every child wonders what heaven will be like and now every adult who still wonders can know. I have listened to this audio book 5 or more times. By myself, with my teenagers, and with my wife.
B000026WTG|4.0|The customer reviews posted to this release have created confusion as to what version of Tommy is involved.  The reviews were all written before the Sep 99 limited edition release date, and address the film soundtrack from  the 1975 Ken Russell movie.<br />When I ordered this, I got the third release  in the recent Japanese Polydor Who CD re-issue series: POCP-9196.   Continuing the effort to duplicate the original LP artwork as much as  possible, the miniture cardboard cover copies the original UK tripdych  Tommy cover and includes a numbered libretto.  Richard Barnes' excellent  liner notes, written for the UK/US 1996 re-issue, are also included.  As  with the rest of the series, there is a discograpghy section as  well.<br />Tommy has been criticized as being a bit too long, but the 1996  re-master used for the Japanese release is a very good effort to reduce   tape hiss and add presense to the overall sound.  The instumental work on  the Overture and Sparks sound magnificant, and they alone make The Who's  Tommy a &quot;must have&quot; in any decent record collection.  For once,  this is a recording that deserves a four star rating.
0451450523|5.0|The Last Unicorn has the distinction of being a book for everybody. It has a strangely sad happy ending for children, and enough considerative comments by the characters to make adults sit and think. The overall format  is a traditional quest, where the unicorn, a creature of mystery, is  searching for her lost fellows with the help of Schmendrick, an inept  magician who longs for true power, and Molly Grue, a down-to-earth cook  from a band of outlaws trying to be merry men. When by a stroke of fate the  unicorn is changed into a human being while very close to her goal, she has  to choose between love and immortality, a choice which will determine her  success or failure. A touchingly beautiful story.
B000026WTJ|4.0|The limited edition import version is the fourth in the recent Japanese Polydor Who re-issues.  Live At Leeds has to be one keystone of the entire series.  <br />Not only has the music withstood the test of time as that most  rare of rock records (an album of a live concert for which you didn't have  to be there), but the effort to re-produce the original LP artwork in  miniture means that fans can get a sense of what the original release was  all about.  As a tribute to bootlegs, the original had a simple folded  brown cardboard cover and, in the UK, was stapled together to hold the LP  and copies of various documents and a poster.  The limited edition  duplicates all that down to every detail, incuding two tiny staples.  As  with the rest of the series, there are several pages of a Who discography  as well. <br />The expanded 1995 re-mastered version is used for this release,  so the swirling guitar sound on Magic Bus (a mistake Pete created in the  studio) is absent.  But all in all, this is as good place to start as any  for fans who want to collect the Japanese re-issue series.
B000002C1Z|5.0|for all the wanna-be floyd fans out there who say that they are huge fans, and only own DARK SIDE, and THE WALL, this and WISH YOU WERE HERE, are the two greatest floyd albums.  patterned after one of my fave books, ANIMAL  FARM, ANIMALS hits the listener with excessive force from beginning to end.  gilmour dishes out some of his best guitar work, and waters is on the top  of his game lyrically. so for all those out there who consider themselves  fans, buy this and maybe you will be.
B000035Z3K|5.0|i'm sorry, but this movie s#&ked.  i realize it is very old, and at the time it was quite groundbreaking, but unfortunately i found it to be rather boring.  i fell asleep.<br />regardless, i give this movie a 5 simply because of the beautiful score by philip glass, the most underrated and overhated  composer in american history.  plus, you really can't beat the kronos  quartet.<br />the reviewer who states that the dialogue cannot be heard is  correct, but on the other hand, that isn't such a bad thing.
B00000K19E|2.0|Great special effects, but Drawn Out, Thin, Predictable Plot and Bad Acting.  It felt like 2 hours before it got out of first gear.  I kept waiting for the main story to start but the first 3/4 of the movie was prep  and fluff.  Best movie of all time?   Are you kidding me?   This was no  Godfather.
B000023VR6|5.0|Dr. Dre 2001 is truly off the Hook.  Dr. Dre has managed to blend old school and new school into a collaboration of music that gets the heart pumping to the beat.  It reminds all of us where gangster rap came from and  where all wanna be gangster rappers need to graduate to.  This CD is  definitely a great addition to my collection and something I look forward  to listening to for long time.  I hope to see many more great hits from Dr.  Dre in the future.
B00000K2SD|4.0|Nonsense? Maybe. Totally flipped out? Maybe. But The Matrix is still one of the best movies released in 1999. It's so original. I've never seen anything like this before. It deserves an Oscar for it's special effects.  Keanu Reeves was nothing special in this movie, but he wasn't that bad.  Either you love this movie or you hate it! I love it!
B00000J2KV|1.0|Director Stanley Kubrick takes Vladimir Nabokov's novel and turns it into the Peter Sellers Show.  Instead of a serious treatment of Nabokov's work we get a black comedy.  James Mason, Shelley Winters, and Sue Lyon are  horribly miscast although Mason tries his best in the role of protagonist  Humbert Humbert.  If you like Sellers you'll see plenty of him although his  continued presence pretty much ruins the entire movie.  If you want to see  a good adaptation of Lolita check out the 1997 version with Jeremy Irons.   Don't waste your time with this one.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Like many other people, my attention was initially drawn to this CD because of the song &quot;Smooth&quot;, which is very good. Rob Thomas's voice went well in this song. My personal favorites in this CD are  &quot;(Da Le) Yaleo&quot;, &quot;Africa Bamba&quot;, &quot;Smooth&quot;,  and &quot;Corazon Espinado.&quot; They really capture the latin essence of  music in a way that I think only Santana could.
B000003S09|5.0|An absolute perfect album to drift to.  Because of this album, I was able to start and finish a screenplay.  Both Epitaph and Court of the Crimson King rank in my top ten favorite songs of all time.  I truly love the  mythological atmosphere it brings to me. There has not been a day since I  purchased this album that I have not lisen to it...about three years.
0767019954|4.0|Vanity Fair is one of my favorite Victorian novels.  This video is well adapted and well acted.  It is slightly marred by the instrumental music, which not only seems later than early 19th century, but cacophonous.   Rebecca Sharp was supposed to have been an excellent amateur pianist and  singer, an important part of her charm.  However, most of her vocals sound  like husky, breathy 1940s cafe music.
B0000296SI|5.0|I bought this cd in june, i listened to it and only liked a few songs.  As i listened to it more, i liked every song.  It is now JANUARY and I still listen to this cd every day non stop.  The best songs on the cd are: Going  away to college and Adam's song.  If u like due ranch u will love this!
B000020617|5.0|Dave Ghrol is true to himself. If this is the direction he is going in , more power to him. You can't be pigeon-holed in to one type of sound, if you are a true musician. This guy could play the banjo with his toes and I  would still appreciate him. He sticks to his guns. It's also an added plus  that Chris Shifflet aka &quot; Jake Jackson &quot; is playing guitar now.  Keep on churning them out, I'll listen!
B000002L7Y|5.0|Hey I am writing this review again ! Wow this A-Ha music is just great.... I love this CD becasue i heard 'Take Me On' when i was a kid.... I didn;t realise the whole album is so cool! Morten Harket Voice is absolutely  cool!Well music just rings over and over in your mind!I am glad i bought  this CD...
0783114222|5.0|This is by far the most impressive and most often played DVD in my collection. I am very close to the space program and must say that the series is very accurate and the viewer is pulled in - you feel as if you  are in the middle of the action. You can absolutely relate to the  characters and to the problems of the time; you will find yourself crying  because you are moved by the sheer dedication of the astronauts or the many  support engineers. It is not an exaggerated display of patriotism but  rather it shows the by now gone enthusiasm of the time. You will understand  and appreciate how many people and little pieces had to work together to  get people to the Moon. You will end up wishing that the current space  program would get at least half as much enthusiasm as the Mercury / Gemini  / Apollo program did. It is by far the best piece about the US space  program, and I can attest that it has the same impact on &quot;common  people&quot; viewers as attending a Shuttle launch in person - I speak from  experience. My highest recommendations!
B000002NJS|5.0|Madonna has put in time and lots of effort to making this album. Songs such as &quot;Skin&quot; &quot;Mer Girl&quot; and &quot;Power of Goodbye&quot; send shivers down my spine. They have lots of meaning and  feeling. Nearly every day I play this album, its relaxing,fun and alive.  And of course &quot;Ray of Light&quot; is just extranomical!  I STRONGLY  recommend that you get this album!  its really cool!  hehe.....
B000031XCR|5.0|&quot;All The Way&quot; is a terrific album representing all of Celine's music over the past ten years. The new songs are great. They are more emotional &amp; ballad-like. We all know who Celine is, one way or another,  &amp; weve grown with her music. From  &quot;The Power Of Love&quot; to  &quot;That's The Way It Is&quot;, she's gone out on a limb for our approval  &amp; trust me, if you get this album, it will be tresured. Celine is an  artist that sticks out &amp; really one of the only ones with talent  anymore. Celine I'm with you 'all the way'. I'll miss you. Thanx for  providing music &amp; enjoyment for my family.
B000000XCH|5.0|My Name Is Garr Norick. I First heard this album when I was about 4 years old. I am 15 now. I normally don't like rock &amp; roll except for CCR, Buddy Holly, Jerry Lee Lewis, Carl Perkins, etc. I Discovered this album  accidentally when my mom bought it at a thrift shop. This Album Is the  greatest of the great. I just yesterday ordered &quot;Willy &amp; The Poor  Boys&quot;, &quot;Creedence Clearwater Revival&quot;, &quot;Green  River&quot; &amp; &quot;Bayou Country&quot; from amazon on cd. This album  is the Pinnacle of Rock &amp; Roll! Buy It Today!
B00000099Y|5.0|what they play on the radio station is the best.  Some of these people are writing reviews that you can hear better music on &quot;National Geographics.&quot;  Not true!  I think the few people who are reviewing  this Band (and giving them bad reviews) are probably not fans of Rock.   From a fan of Rock and Tool's different sound, don't read or listen to the  bad reviews, those people don't know what they are talking about.  As for  cruse words, who really cares.  Deal with it!  If you don't like bad words,  then plug your ears.  Buy the CD, when I get the money I will have no  problems deciding on Tool or &quot;The Best of National Geographics.&quot;
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I was driving home one night and Fast as You Can came on and I was blown away!  First the music caught me and then that voice!  It's a perfectly crafted song.  So I went out the next day and bought it and was pleasantly  surprised to find that I loved the whole CD and cannot stop playing it!  I  hope her music is a reflection of what's to come in the next century!
B000002AS3|5.0|This is a magnificent album, easily the one of the five best British albums of the the decade, and without doubt the best Oasis album yet. It encapsulates aggression, youth, arrogance (mainly due to Liam), with some  magnificent melodies, breaking into moments of noise. Buy this album to  feel young again (and if you are young you should have a very good excuse  for not having it already).
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Well, I have to say that Darren &amp; Daniel have won my heart again. Affirmation is a great album. It's very diverse because of all the lyrics &amp; all the music has a great beat. You could hit the floor with the  album title song &quot;Affirmation&quot; which has very good meaning &amp;  in-your-face dance beat. You could serenade your significant other with  &quot;I Knew I Loved You&quot;. You could listen to &quot;Two Beds &amp; A  Coffee Machine&quot; &amp; remember the horrible fight you had with your  loved one. This album says it all.
0440133688|5.0|So many reviewers saw this book as humorous. I cried through the whole thing, and was left with a pretty nasty feelin after that. but not because it's a bad book. It is well written, although the characters are not very  broad and there is a serious problem of the writer's ego mixing with his  character's. But the excellent writing wasn't the point of the book for me.  Anyone with an inherent fear of doctors , should read this book to see that  he was right.
B00000J6AG|1.0|at the vidarbha cricket association ground at nagpur on november 28 1997 india`s saurav ganguly became the fifty one batsman and the 57th occation in test history to join the 99 run club. He is the 6th indian to do so.  Table two has the full list of the indian players . In thhe final test in  Mumbai Steevve buckner who was officiatin 32 second test match has now  empired in mosat matches.
B00001U0DP|5.0|Life is Beautiful personifies hope. Skeptics have bashed itsimproper portrayal of humankind's most devastating era, while mostproclaim it &quot;the best ever.&quot; While everyone is entitled to their own opinion, you must realize that they are all right.<br /> Bengini's film is about a family he does not want to see destroyed. After he goes to all lengths to win the heart of his princess, why would he want to lose their child?  This is why he develops the point game - to keep his son from exposing himself to the guards...  Many argue that the movie too cynically portrays the events of the Holocaust.  While that may be a valid statment, it should be coupled with the fact that the movie portrays only one isolated family's struggle in both pre-Holucast Italy and occupied Italy.  The scene I found most unexpected is near the end ...  It really made me realize that the US played a huge effort in bringing peace and an end to this destruction of human life and culture. It was here that I realized this movie was really about an international struggle for peace and happiness.  This is where I cried.  All in all, I would reccomend this movie to anyone who can stomach seeing characters suffer emotional (and sometimes physical) pain and agony...  Because your stomach will be hurting from all the laughing.  END
B0000062GE|5.0|I'm a diehard SW fan, and this just continues their accomplishments.  With an addicting sound and feelingfull lyrics, every industrial fan should own this CD.
B000002V1D|5.0|This is a Great CD, I love it, I listen to it over and over all the songs are wonderful! My favs. include, Femme Fattale, Ordinary World, Come undone, UMF, Too much Info.,and more. this cd is worth getting..........
B00000J2KT|3.0|Excellent Vietnam period piece, one of Kubrick's best... though I am sure he is now rolling in his grave because of the grating Dolby Digital 2.0 (why bother?) and Pan and Scan encoding for the film.<br />Pray and wait for  the 5.1 / letterbox release.'<br />Give this DVD to your friend who got a DVD  player for the holidays and only has a ProLogic receiver.<br />Otherwise, the  DVD doubles as a nice coaster or fetch toy for a dog.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I'm totally new to Moby, but a couple of tracks that he has on the &quot;Heat&quot; soundtrack and some overwhelmingly positive criticial reviews made me take a chance on this album. &quot;Play&quot; is absolutely  entrancing. Portishead's great album &quot;Dummy&quot; has a similar feel  to it and I hear echoes of Eno and Roxy Music's &quot;Avalon&quot; on it.  BUT this work stands on its own. It immediately gets under your skin, into  your bloodstream and inside your subconscious. It is romantic, quietly epic  and softly but unmistakebly intense. This is one of the great albums of the  decade.
B00000J7RZ|3.0|To Start, I see Jennifer, simply as that-- herself!  On this debut, you can feel the hip-hop, and the spicy flavors, which are a part of her, as a person.  I'm witness to her rise in fame...and this debut seems  &quot;totally&quot; Jennifer.  I don't see her as attempting to emulate  Selena OR Madonna, and believe that other listeners, should give her the  credit, as well-for doing  her own thing.  The quality of singing  definitely has room for improvement...but she's off to a nice, up-tempo,  enjoyable start!
0679412697|1.0|Mansfield Park is by far the worst book by Jane Austen.  I am an avid Austen fan, and have enjoyed all of her books, except this one. I had two main complaints with this book.<br />One, Fanny Price is the most annoying  heroine.  She is far too complacent.  She accepts the bad treatment she  recieves from her cousins and aunts with no complaints.  It's as if she  feels it is all she deserves!  Also annoying is the fact that she is so  delicate and ill all of the time.  To have such a colourless creature as  the central character of a book is a mistake.<br />Second, the ending was  horrible.  It's as if Austen suddenly realized the book was way too long,  and she had a deadline to meet.  After torturing the reader for so long,  she sums up Edmund and Fanny's relationship in just one chapter!  If only  she had edited the majority of the book, and nailed the ending better.
0805062971|5.0|DISCLAIMER:I'm writing this at one in the morning, I'm having insomnia (although I'm nobody's sidekick yet.)  So if this review is a little disjointed and random, well, sorry.<br />The thing about &quot;Fight  Club&quot; is that it's only about surface values on the surface.  That's  what the godawful movie understood and put into it, but when you reread  this book (and you should), you find comments about serious issues ranging  from conformity to facism. Of course, this is also, at least for me, a fun  book to read.  The first time I read it, I picked it up intending to start  and read the whole thing.  Then I read it again two days later.  A third  time, a week after that.   It has great characterizations and really  incredible imagery in it.  It's also blisteringly funny (something, I have  to say, the movie wasn't.  I have to digress here; the movie is vile, it  really is.  Read this book, and you'll see why when and if you see it)   There are some scenes that are pure, gross-out slapstick that are a jarring  note in the book. It's also interestingly structured, sort of like mirrors  facing each other.  The opening and closing chapters are the outer  layers...and the opening and closing of each chapter serves the same  purpose.   This book is extremely dark, and very well done.  I fully  recommend picking it up, ASAP.  But remember, you have to think about its  contents.  Don't read it once and toss it aside; you'll be missing the  point completely.
6300218031|5.0|A simple movie but captures the heart of many.  It brings back the laughters and tears of those highschool days, but it is more than a highschool movie.  If you have seen this movie before, you may remember  Amanda(Thompson) said to Keith(Stoltz) that she rather be alone than be  together for the wrong reason.  Guess there is something to learn from this  1986's teenage movie!  Of course, how can one forget about  Watts(Masterson)when she stole the first kiss of Keith, with the background  music of &quot;She Loves Me&quot;?  No matter how old you are, you will be  able to find pieces of your life in this movie.
0811806405|5.0|I am an experienced woodworker who is only now beginning to get into guitarmaking.  I greatly appreciated the level of detail into which this book goes and the clarity with which procedures of guitar construction are  explained and illustrated.  This is my first book on the subject and I have  no plans to suppliment it with any other work.
B000005S37|2.0|Trashing this album on musical grounds seems inappropriate since it can hardly be considered a musical work (no composition, no structure, no progression or development, etc.) So it's best reviewed as a gesture but I  think it fails in that respect too. MMM is a sonic stink bomb, hurled by  Lou at the industry and his fans. Even at this late date it's a depressing  reminder of Lou at his mid-seventies low point of cynical contempt. That  said, I am amused that this was originally a double vinyl album (not one  disk of unbearable noise, but two!) And the fake concert-album packaging,  while a rip-off, is not a bad practical joke. So I'll give it the extra  star but this is more an album to discuss than something to actually  purchase and play.
B000001XN2|5.0|i am not agreat critic with an enormous knowledge of musical terms etc but this is for me singing at its very best - the dgg recording is still available in europe at a good price and will enable you to relive one of  the great legendary nights at salzburg, Price in glorious form, Corelli  passionate, Simionato dramatic etc etc
0451526384|5.0|This was the first Jane Austen book that I have read, and I loved it dearly. So much so that I devoured it in two sittings, two days!  Seeing the 1995 BBC movie version made me go out and purchase the book.  The book  and movie are excellent if you are an incurable romantic such as myself.  The writing is brilliant, the characters well-crafted. Anne is a heroine of  today, thoroughly modern in every way!  Amanda Root and Cirian Hinds do a  remarkable job in the movie. Please do yourself a favor and read the book  though first.
B000002KYK|1.0|My brother bought this on vinyl, and boy was he disappointed. Go and get the real thing which is one of the best soundtracks of all time
B000002UKS|4.0|I absolutely loved this cd! i still like to listen to it all the time. i love the lyrics and the tunes, some and rock, some are acoustic, some are sweet, and some are just plain good!  my favorites are number 1, 2, 3, 4,  6, 7, 8, 9, 11,and 12. thqt is almost the whole cd! i would definently  recommend this!
B000031XCR|5.0|I would like all the people to know that Celine Dion has the greatest voice I've ever heard in my life.I had all her albums since she start singing.I love that song &quot; my heart will go on&quot;I watched that  movie several times an its awesome.Celine is very popular here in the  Philippines.Her voice is fantastic.She is a gift from GOD.Celine deserves  five star than any pop singer....
B000001ZS8|4.0|I think this is Jarre's most interesting and ambitious album to date. Some of his albums didn't stand the test of time, but this one still sounds fresh and intriguiung. The basic idea of &quot;Zoolook&quot; is the  combination of vocal samples from over 60 different languages with Jarre's  typical synth background. This doesn't always work well, because sometimes  it sounds too childish and predictable. But for the most part this album is  an adventurous affair, and the keyboard sound is more powerful and direct  than on Jarre's other records.. Standout tracks are the highly danceable  &quot;Zoolookologie&quot;, &quot;Diva&quot; with some vocals from American  cult singer Laurie Anderson, and the over-the-clouds track &quot;Ethnicolor  II&quot;. Even if this album is untypical for Jarre's output, it's really  worth buying and will ultimately prove more satisfying than many of his  other albums.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Great music, it brings back great memories of the 60's &amp; 70's. Im so glad to see Carlos Santana get the right group of artist together and get a super hit for the first time. So many of his songs should have been a hit,  however things change over the years. Keep up the good work Carlos.
0446525537|2.0|I've read all three of Sparks' bestsellers.  I loved THE NOTEBOOK and purchased several copies to share with my friends as gifts.  Like Jamie Sullivan, I was raised by my father.  My mother died in 1959 when I was  five years old.  A lesson I learned from Dad was the old &quot;if you can't  say something good about something, don't say anything as all.&quot;   Therefore, I end my review right here!
6303481345|5.0|This is my all time favorite Anime. It has intense action, classic romance and moves at a good pace. Very beautiful anime.
1559408855|5.0|I actually saw this film in the cinema when it was released. I didn't know what it was about, but the warning outside stating the shocking scenes contained within this film, was enough for me to buy a ticket.<br />There  aren't many films that have left an impact on me, but this is definetely  one of them.<br />It's that shocking and perverse it's still banned today in  quite a few countries around the world.<br />Is there any value in a film like  this? Hard to say. Let's just say it's an experience you won't soon forget.
0679745203|5.0|Obviously from the reviews, one can infer that you either love it or hate it, a lot of fives and ones. Those who hate it said that they have found it boring which i highly disagree on. This is definitely one of the best books  i have read and i recommend it to anyone. Even if you have seen the film,  read the book. The movie chose to concentrate on Katheryn and the patient  while the book goes deeply into the other characters. Not boring in the  least...You have to read it
B000003NA4|5.0|I love this cd. After getting &quot;When I look in your eyes&quot; I purchased this one. &quot;Love scenes&quot; is very intimate, very sexy (Peel me a grape - is a gem) with a fine collection of songs. Amazing how  Krall manages to  create such intimacy, using a not so big range of voice  to the best of her advantage, with the assistance of her wonderful fellow  players. She plays great piano when given the chance and I love the balance  of her songs - I feel very much as seeing a show. I play Diana over and  over again - and I want to thank all other fans here for their reviews  since because of them, I discovered Diana Krall. This is one of her best  discs.
B000031WD9|5.0|I hadn't seen this film but it was reccomended by all my friends, so I had it ordered for me for Christmas.  I popped it in my DVD player and was laughing b4 the credits at the beginning even started.  This movie is about  four guys that are trying to get laid before their prom night, but things  don't go quite as well as they had planned.  They think up several unusual,  but promising ways of managing to meet their aims.  Someone does mention  the fact that being at third base is like hot apple pie....?  I've gone  right off pie now. Watch out for the web-cam scene....! This film has some  of the best scenes I've seen in a movie.  I've never seen a sock put to  that use before, I always thought they were for feet.  So summing this  movie up, it's the best I've seen, even better than The Spy Who Shagged Me,  so sign up to Amazon.com and order you're copy right now.....you hear me?   NOW!
B00003Q438|4.0|I first bought this movie on Laser Disk (3 disks) withall of the deleted footage and the additional &quot;making of&quot;material.  The underwater stage and filming were well done and the use of new diving equipment to make the movie that much more realistic was a great part.  The directors cut helps make the movie more understandable, although I would agree that the pace can be somewhat nerve racking.  The few technical in-accuracies are not enough to go into here because VERY FEW movies are made totally technically accurate and if more were there would be more box office failures.<br />Overall a good movie and the documentary makes a good learning experience on some of the technology used to make movies.<br />Review based on Laser Disk Version END
B000002AZ8|1.0|Yet another terrible album by yet another bunch of psuedo-angry American musicians with their psuedo-angry heads buried up their own mammy-pampered-bummies.  Adolescent wank for pimple faced boys with fluffy  goatees.<br />I am traumatised.  I dread meeting people who like this album.
B00000JPH5|5.0|Labyrinth is (in my honest opinion) an excellent movie, with the best screen representation of Goblins I have yet seen. David Bowie (although he looks to be more Elf than Goblin) does a wonderful Goblin King. The movie  has excellent scenery (who can forget the Oubliette or the Bog of Eternal  Stench?), great makeup (like Hoggle the Dwarf, and Ludo the Yeti), and  expert puppetry(great examples are the head-tossing fire sprites and those  nondescript Goblins). I definitely recommend the movie Labyrinth.<br />      Also of interest to a fan of this film is A Field Guide to Goblins: A  Goblin Companion, written by the movie's author, Terry Jones and  illustrated by Brian Froud, the author/illustrator of Faeries and Good  Faeries/Bad Faeries.
B00000JG41|5.0|Slower than Disco Volante, but still full of great ideas and energy..
B00000163G|5.0|Sorry guys, ALL EYEZ ON ME, is only the second greatest album of all time, falling only to the Makaveli album. ALL EYEZ ON ME, is made up of the tightest prodution you'll ever hear on a album. Tell me DeVante did'nt lay  down the law or what 4 NO MORE PAIN. Daz, Johnny J, the cuban millitant,  and eveyone else blessed the album to the highest degree. No one compares  to Pac, our generation's great musical mind. Pac trancended Hip Hop. He  brought enlightenment to the complicities of thugism. Don't hate him for  his duplicity, that's what made him the GREATEST OF ALL TIME. p.s. tell me  the production on LIFE AFTER DEATH didn't stink something terrible.
B00002MZ4V|5.0|This CD set is so completely awesome that there are simply no words to describe it.  If you're a movie buff like me, or just love classical music, then this is definitely the perfect investment.  John Williams is, without  a doubt, the best composer out there, and his amazing talent shows all in  this one collection.  Each piece evokes such emotion - whether it be  majestic, adventurous, mournful, or mysterious - it's all in there.  Just  go out and buy this!  I'm telling you, there's no way you'll regret it!
B000021Y77|5.0|In Short: One of the year's very best films - and Tristar has put together an excellent DVD.<br />The Movie:<br />I was stunned from the first minute and 81 minutes later, I'm still exhilarated. &quot;Run Lola Run&quot; is a wildly  stylish German thriller that takes the visual thrills that were presented  in this year's &quot;Go&quot; and takes that kind of energy down to the  essentials. From the opening frame, the movie never stops. Music pounds  away, urging it onward to an almost unreal pace.<br />The plot is simple and  we're thrown into it from the very begining - Lola (Franka Portente)  recieves a call from her boyfriend Manni that he lost a bag with 100,000  marks that he was supposed to deliver. If he doesn't come up with the money  in 20 minutes, he's dead. The movie screams at you; throws almost every  trick in the book at you, even shows sequences as cartoons.<br />And so Lola  begins her run - faster and faster, with an incredibly surreal and  wonderful style cutting the pieces together. When Lola bumps into someone,  we see (via snapshots) what happened to that person after she bumped into  them. Potente makes a fantastic lead actress - there is an urgency in every  word, every emotion, that makes us want her to win in the end. The story  has alternate versions of what could happen as it spins around on itself,  thrusting forward yet again. &quot;Run Lola Run&quot; is unlike anything  I've ever seen - it's a rush of energy unlike anything in film in the past  couple of years, and I think it's really one of the best films of  1999.<br />The DVD<br />VIDEO: Tristar does it again - a fantastic looking  anamorphic transfer letterboxed at 1.85:1 that has wonderfully clear images  and displays excellent detail. Some of the movie was shot on different film  mediums and although they don't look quite as sharp, they still remain  strong. The movie has a fairly pale color palette, with the exception a  flare of bright color that pops up, mainly of Lola's brightred hair, which  looks vibrant and rich as she speeds throughout the city. Although the  movie flies by, the picture is sharp enough to appreciate the architecture  of Berlin, even if only for a passing moment.<br />There really aren't any  flaws to speak of that I saw - this is an incredibly clear and sharp  looking image with no shimmering or other similar problems. Aside from  maybe one or two very tiny marks on the print, this is a beautiful looking  transfer. Fantastic work from Tristar. A full-frame edition is also  included on the flip side.<br />SOUND One of the main elements of the movie is  the pounding techno soundtrack and it's also the main highlight of the  sound mix, coming through wonderfully, sounding intense and dynamic, with  good bass. There's also some very good uses of the surrounds on occasion.  Both the German and English sound mixes are included and I found it kind of  interesting to watch the English version and watch the subtitles to see  what the original version is. Dialogue sounds clear in either language.  Again, the music is really the highlight and it really powers the movie  along.<br />MENUS:: Stylish but non-animated menus that are easy to  navigate.<br />EXTRAS: Commentary: This is a commentary track from actress  Franka Portente and director Tom Twyker. What I enjoyed most about  listening to it was how much fun the two seemed to be having discussing the  movie and how energetically they offered comments about the picture. It's  really quite an interesting commentary and as I finished up watching the  movie itself for the first time I was particularly excited to hear the two  talk about how they made a lot of the movie.<br />I definitely wasn't  dissapointed. Although the commentary has a fairly relaxed feel, the two  manage to discuss much of what I was looking for - the director offers a  lot of particularly fascinating notes, mainly amount how a lot of the  film's visual effects and camera tricks were achieved. He also talksabout  the importance of music in the picture and how the concepts for the film's  music were brought to life. The actress talks a lot about how experiences  in the film, mainly about how she had to run ...and run...and run. A lot of  scenes of Lola running had to be shot more than once from more than one  angle, exhausting for the actress. She also points out, along with the  director, a lot of the German actors who star in the picture and their  history. Some commentators spend too much time pointing out who's who in  the film (such as the Farrelly Brothers on both of their commentaries) and  thankfully, the two commentators don't do that here. In fact, I found a lot  of the tidbits that were pointed out about the various actors to be quite  interesting.<br />Again, I really liked this commentary. The two are energetic  and sound like they're having fun talking about the picture. This is my  first time seeing the movie and I really found it highly enjoyable - I look  forward to future films from both of them.<br />Also: Music video, trailers  for &quot;Run Lola Run&quot;, &quot;Orlando&quot; and &quot;Dreamlife Of  Angels&quot; as well as talent/production  notes.<br />--------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />Final  Thoughts A must see.
078322947X|5.0|Perfect!  Micheal Mann (Theif,Heat, ManHunter) has taken alot from this movie and everyone should. William Friedkin was at the top of his game.
0553108034|5.0|&quot;A Clash of Kings&quot; is indubitably one of the best fantasy books ever.  For people who are skeptical of fantasy novels, this is still a must-read because of its complex and suspenseful plot.  You come to know  each character almost perfectly, which makes reading extremely enjoyable.   George R.R. Martin combines politics, warfare, love, friendship, and  longing even better than he did in &quot;A Game of Thrones&quot;.  Again,  this is a must-buy.
B00000JMQC|5.0|I admit I went to see &quot;Return to Oz&quot; because I loved &quot;The Wizard of Oz&quot; so much.  But producer Gary Kurtz, director Walter Murch and writer Gil Dennis (working from L. Frank Baum's original novel,  &quot;The Marvelous Land of Oz&quot;) sensibly decided -not- to create a  sequel &quot;in the spirit&quot; of the original movie, but to return  instead to Baum's own darker vision.  The result is a story which is by  turns scary and delightful, and one where the marvelous clay and  stop-motion animation contributes to the sense of the fantastic.  There are  frightening parts of this movie -- the early scenes of Dorothy in a  sanitarium, about to undergo shock treatment are particularly intense --  but they provide a great catharthis and introduction to what follows.   <br />Fairuza Balk, as Dorothy, was exceptional, displaying the perfect blend  of fear, wonder, determination and ingenuity while foiling the plots of the  Nome King (Nicol Williamson) and Mombi the Witch (Jean Marsh).  The new  characters of Tik Tok, Jack Pumpkinhead and Gump are delightful as  well.<br />You may wish to watch this with your (age seven and older)  children, or just sit back on a scary night and watch it alone.  For those  who enjoy the fantastic, &quot;The Wizard of Oz&quot; has the edge in  whimsy, but &quot;Return to Oz&quot; brings the touch of fearful reality  that gives true fantasy its edge.
B000002P2V|3.0|Add &quot;Guitar &amp; Pen&quot; to the list of songs, which includes &quot;Who Are You,&quot; that appears in a different version from its original.  Fans who've never heard the original LP of &quot;Who Are  You&quot; may not care that &quot;G&amp;P&quot; and &quot;Music Must  Change&quot; are remixed differently, but some of us do, and my question is  &quot;Why! &quot;  It's tough enough to find the original &quot;naughty  lyric&quot; version of the title cut in its entirety, and the &quot;box  set&quot; has been rightly criticized for butchering and rearranging  classic Who cuts.<br />The songs are certainly below the par of &quot;Who's  Next&quot; or &quot;Quadrophenia,&quot; but they hold together pretty well.  Why Entwistle gets 3 cuts (none of which are that great) is a mystery, but  it may indicate that Townshend was in the midst of a block and/or was  holding back some goodies for his solo album.  Too bad the boys didn't join  together as a band and make this as listenable as it could've been.  Consider it the Who's equivalent of Led Zeppelin's &quot;In Through the Out  Door.&quot;
B000002GIE|5.0|If you like to rock, or your a musician, buy this CD. You will not be disapointed. Extreme was one of the most underated bands of all time. Don't be fooled by their hit radio ballads these guys knew how to rock and this  CD will prove it to you. Buy this album, put it in your car and go get some  speeding tickets!
0679746048|5.0|Susanna Kaysen has produced one of the masterpieces of first-person narratives of struggles with mental illness.  Forget William Styron's Darkness Visible, which only takes you as far as his decision to seek  treatment.  Kaysen's book takes you inside the treatment process (an  out-dated one, though), inside a real psych ward, and inside a brilliant  but troubled mind.  Not only that, but Kaysen is a writer of the first  order, and while her two novels are not equal to this incredible narrative,  they show that she has more than one story in her, and that she will be one  of the authors to watch.<br />If you have ever struggled with depression,  either in yourself or in someone close to you, or if you want to know what  a psychiatric hospitalization is like, read this book.  While the specifics  of treatment have changed somewhat, the fundamentals of Kaysen's account of  her two year hospitalization are as true now as they were then.  It is one  of those books that is really dangerous - it just might change you.
630469878X|5.0|I absolutely LOVED this movie!   I have had people refer to this movie as a &quot;chick flick&quot;, but I totally disagree.  It's simply the story of two friends that do what they have to do to survive.  They are there for  each other until the very end.  If everyone has just one friend that they  love enough to risk their life for like these two women did, they should  consider themselves TRULY blessed.
B000022TT4|4.0|I had the CD before seeing the movie, I didn't know this was actually a theatrical movie, released by Paramont Pictures. <br />The movie explains some of the songs better, for example I didn't really care for &quot;I Still  Haven't Found What I'm Looking For&quot; with the gospel choir untill I saw  how they went to harlem and actually recorded in a little church. I didn't  care much for &quot;When Love Comes To Town&quot; till I saw how they  pulled B.B. King into it. So the movie did enhance the CD. Plus the movie  has 11 extra live songs (all the rest of The Joshua Tree live), plus an  incredible version of Bloody Sunday and others.<br />DVD version is cool just  because you can access all the songs just as if they were on CD, plus you  can turn on the subtitles and read along with the lryics. <br />I heard somone  comment about cheap &quot;black and white&quot; and &quot;grainy  video&quot;, the footage was shot like that on purpose, it's more of an  artisitc statement.
B000002J09|5.0|What can you say their critics were obnoxious then and hopelessly repulsive now. The music played in the proper place and at the appropriate time; stands as a testimony to the genius of the band all four members were  the best at their craft. John Paul Jones remains an excellent musician and  listen to his playing of the keyboards and bass on Zeppelins last studio  album in Through out Door  some of the greatest work ever; even now he  still influeneces many in the business. John Bonham was the best drummer in  the history of Rock&amp;Roll. Jimmy Page is one of the most respected  guitar players of all time by his peers and a wonderful song writer and  producer. Robert Plant has one of the finest voices in any form as a singer  with a proven ability to sing in many different styles and is also a poet.  Talk about taking oneself seriously please folks long after they place you  in that hollow box people will still be enjoying the music of the mighty  Zep. I'll tell some of you what is a joke Physical Graffiti not in the top  100 Kasmir, Ten Years Gone, Custard Pie, Down By the Seaside, The Rover,  and many other great songs on that album you've been trampled underfoot.  What a bunch of Conservative Republican closet radicals. I've made up my  mind Im making a new start Im going to Califorina with an aching in my  heart; because when the levee breaks i'll have no where to stay, wait a  minute wait a minute there's still time to change the road your on I hope  so, cause its been a long time since you've Rocked&amp;Rolled open your  arms open your arms; since baby Im gonna make you burn and make you sting.  In the Battle of Evermore the Dragon of Darkness and the Prince of Peace  are buying the Stairway to Heaven, and when she gets there she knows if the  stores are all closed with a word she can get what she came for and the  forest will echo with laughter does'nt any body remember laughter or yea  the music major with Ph'd it has been a lonely lonely time *&amp;#*. The  blending of song with the keyboard Stairway to Heaven: an epic from the  opening bell how it builds into a true song of hope and the Page solo sure  greatness. Rock&amp;Roll one of the great party songs of all-time, Going to  Califorina how a bunch of young Brits coming over to the States could write  a song of which many people have since done is pure genius and the acoustic  sound is excellent. When the levee Breaks has so much power at the  beginning with the drums pounding away and the harmonica later in the song  adds a nice sound to a good song. The Battle of Evermore the epic struggle  of good versus evil listen to the story being told a great song. Misty  mountain hop walking in the park just the other day baby what do you think  I saw that song pretty much signfied the 60's and most of the 70's. Four  sticks the song John Bonham played with four drum sticks great song. Black  dog Zeppelin tearing the garage apart is'nt that what we as youngsters  loved about rock&amp;roll a cute girlfriend some cold beer and not having  to deal with being grown up. PS To be a Rock and not to Roll!
6305558167|5.0|If you grew up on traditional tales of King Arthur, or have read 'The Mists of Avalon' you will love this film.  Not only is it faithful to the legend, the characters of Guinevere and Morgan Le Fay are portrayed humanly  and convincingly.  Helen Mirren plays a terrific Morgana, the film is laced  with magic, windswept landscapes and excites the imagination.  I first saw  this film as a wee lad, and have never forgotten it.  DVD is the perfect  medium for this unique and magical film.
B000002J09|5.0|What can you say their critics were obnoxious then and hopelessly repulsive now. The music played in the proper place and at the appropriate time; stands as a testimony to the genius of the band all four members were  the best at their craft. John Paul Jones remains an excellent musician and  listen to his playing of the keyboards and bass on Zeppelins last studio  album in Through out Door  some of the greatest work ever; even now he  still influeneces many in the business. John Bonham was the best drummer in  the history of Rock&amp;Roll. Jimmy Page is one of the most respected  guitar players of all time by his peers and a wonderful song writer and  producer. Robert Plant has one of the finest voices in any form as a singer  with a proven ability to sing in many different styles and is also a poet.  Talk about taking oneself seriously please folks long after they place you  in that hollow box people will still be enjoying the music of the mighty  Zep. I'll tell some of you what is a joke Physical Graffiti not in the top  100 Kasmir, Ten Years Gone, Custard Pie, Down By the Seaside, The Rover,  and many other great songs on that album you've been trampled underfoot.  What a bunch of Conservative Republican closet radicals. I've made up my  mind Im making a new start Im going to Califorina with an aching in my  heart; because when the levee breaks i'll have no where to stay, wait a  minute wait a minute there's still time to change the road your on I hope  so, cause its been a long time since you've Rocked&amp;Rolled open your  arms open your arms; since baby Im gonna make you burn and make you sting.  In the Battle of Evermore the Dragon of Darkness and the Prince of Peace  are buying the Stairway to Heaven, and when she gets there she knows if the  stores are all closed with a word she can get what she came for and the  forest will echo with laughter does'nt any body remember laughter or yea  the music major with Ph'd it has been a lonely lonely time *&amp;#*. The  blending of song with the keyboard Stairway to Heaven: an epic from the  opening bell how it builds into a true song of hope and the Page solo sure  greatness. Rock&amp;Roll one of the great party songs of all-time, Going to  Califorina how a bunch of young Brits coming over to the States could write  a song of which many people have since done is pure genius and the acoustic  sound is excellent. When the levee Breaks has so much power at the  beginning with the drums pounding away and the harmonica later in the song  adds a nice sound to a good song. The Battle of Evermore the epic struggle  of good versus evil listen to the story being told a great song. Misty  mountain hop walking in the park just the other day baby what do you think  I saw that song pretty much signfied the 60's and most of the 70's. Four  sticks the song John Bonham played with four drum sticks great song. Black  dog Zeppelin tearing the garage apart is'nt that what we as youngsters  loved about rock&amp;roll a cute girlfriend some cold beer and not having  to deal with being grown up. PS To be a Rock and not to Roll!
0441172717|5.0|This novel is at the top of my list, an all time favorite.  I enthusiastically recommend it!
B00000K19E|5.0|The casting is delightful.  Most significant is that the ethnic diversity of the cast...isn't a thematic issue.  The women and ethnic minorities are strong, and some die, others actually survive and make it to the end of the  film.  Lots of action, &quot;bloodless shoot-outs&quot; minimal obscenities  and no naked women for the sake of naked women.  I have the DVD.  The voice  overs get boring after a while, but then you can pause and put the dialogue  back on.  Can't wait for the sequel(s).
0767817710|4.0|I thought this movie was rather unfairly reviewed when it was released.  It features excellent performances from a strong cast, Sam Raimi's quirky and often brilliant camera work, and a campy yet mythic storyline.  Yes,  the basic plot has less depth than many videogames, but this is true of  most Westerns and Western-derivatives (e.g., the Star Wars series).  It's  no Dead Man, but I think it is a worthwhile and entertaining take on the  genre.
6305622930|5.0|World War II produced a long array of military stars, i.e. MacArthur, Eisenhower, Bradley, Clark, Nimitz, Montgomery, Rommel, etc. But for sheer animal magnetism and bravado, none could overshadow Gen. George  Patton.<br />What endeared Gen. Patton to his troops was his willingless to  expose himself to the line of enemy fire, unlike other &quot;office  generals&quot;. That he pushed his troops almost beyond the limit of human  endurance is without question. But that could be excused by his belief that  aggressiveness in the battlefield saves more human lives in the long run  and hastens the end of the war.<br />George Scott's portrayal of Gen. Patton  was of monumental proportion, it was an actor in his element. From the  general's gentle side and diplomatic tact when he was in his best behavior  to his thunderous, manic explosion when he was at the height of his fury,  Scott got it all! No one could have done a better job portraying the  unpredictable, egoistical, brilliant general.<br />The realistic recreation of  battle scenes and the accurate depiction of war characters, like Gen. Omar  Bradley and others, make this film a must for historians and history buffs  alike, and put this film in the list of best war movies ever made.<br />The  only irony of it all is, Gen. George Patton, a true warrior in the  tradition of the samurai, had to die in a &quot;non-warrior&quot; way  - -  - a paralyzed and pitiful figure in a hospital after a car accident when  the war was practically over.
B0000057C5|5.0|Please people; avoid so called &quot;artists&quot; such as Marilyn Manson. If you want rock, buy this!
B00000K2SC|4.0|I have just watched the film THE MATRIX and what a film it is. It is beautifully choriographed and there is a brilliant script. Although i found the film ended a little abruptly.  I gave it four out of five although i  think it would have been more like four and a half. Good acting by keanu  reeves and everybody else also brilliant cinematography definatly worth a  buy.           David White    UK
6305064490|5.0|Amazing that critics fail to understand the great appeal of this story.  Leonard Maltin writes, as if incredulous, that the film &quot;seems&quot; to improve with age.<br />ALL great stories improve with age.  A great story,  once experienced, becomes even more enjoyable through familiarity.  The  very knowledge of its ending creates in the viewer a wonderful sense of  anticipation.  The journey is always more enchanting the second time, or  the third.<br />It's a Wonderful Life is the rarest and most magical of  experiences -- a universal premise, wonderful characters, great empathy,  and a deeply optimistic view of the human condition.
B000031WD9|4.0|This film had me reminiscing about my own High School days.  So much of every teen's post-graduation experiences are right here in this hilarious and touching movie.  From the awkward parent-child talks about the birds  and the bees, to the sporty jocks boasting of conquests never made,  American Pie is one of the most right-on-the-money teen flicks you'll ever  see.  And one thing is for sure...you'll never look at apple pie the same  way again.
B00000K2SC|5.0|It's pretty much a nerve wracking job trying to look for intelligent sci-fi(at least in the movies). This is a diamond in the rough. Amazing action and fight sequences by the master, Yuen Wo Ping, and a great plot  that draws many parallels to gnostic christianty. That's right, you'll have  to watch this one a bunch of times to start to grasp the full meaning.  Follow the white rabbit.
B0000026J6|5.0|&quot;The hyacinth wild on your shoulder/My mouth on the dew of your thighs.&quot;  Where ever this guy goes, I want to be there.
B00000K31V|1.0|Has to be, no it is, the worst DVD I bought so far.  I fell asleep twice due to the poor acting and lack of interesting screenplay.  I don't understand how The San Francisco Chronicle claims this movie &quot;Makes  The Matrix Look Like Child's Play.&quot;  The Matrix sets a standard for  all other movies to strive for.  eXistenZ is highly recommended to cure  insomnia.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|If you are into heavy political messages, great guitar rock, and lyrics that stick with you.  This album is for you!
B000002AS1|5.0|I've always been a fan of movie music. Some of my favorites include Braveheart, The Fugitive, Apollo 13, and The Shawshank Redemption, to name a few. Now you can add to that list Forrest Gump. This is a great score  with beautiful, haunting pieces of music. I found myself listening to some  tracks over and over again. Get this CD, I guarantee you will not be  disappointed.
B000002LCX|5.0|I can't believe the negative comments this album gets and how everyone praises &quot;The Queen Is Dead&quot; over this album. &quot;The Queen Is Dead&quot; was same Smiths formula. Now I love all of The Smiths  albums(Their one of my favorite bands ever) But lets be frank they do same  formula which isn't bad because its good.  However this album is the most  creative and amazing albums of The Smiths. It goes from beatuy to madness.  It also features Morrissey's best lyrics ever written and Marr's best  guitar work out of all the albums. &quot;Paint A Vulgar Picture&quot; is  one of the most beatiful songs I've ever heard and &quot;Last Night I  Dreamnt Someone Loved Me&quot; is a great song for the depressed hopeless  romantic like myself. Do yourself a favor if you have taste and hear for a  differnt sound pick up this album.
B00000IOSU|5.0|Out of all the CD's of Sarah McLachlan, I think that this one is the best. Sarah really gets into her music, because she is live. The music sounds soothing. This CD is definatly worth spending your money on. None of the  other CD's that I have listened to in my lifetime are better than this one.  It truly captures your spirit and heart.
B00000K2SC|5.0|I could watch this movie EVERY day and never get tired of it!  It has such an interesting plot and there is not anouther movie like it!
6305169187|5.0|ARMAGEDDON, critics notwithstanding, is an intense and entertaining film dealing with human character in the face of overwhelming challenge.  The very idea that humanity--or at least some of it--could be able to rise  above the everyday, pull together, and defy mindless destruction is the  concept which must frighten the timid souls who &quot;didn't get it&quot;  or didn't like it.  As for the physics?  Remember that Bradbury wrote many  superb tales without an entirely firm grasp of physics.  The idea of  heroism and of our potential in space is the idea here, folks, and perhaps  that's such a stinging rebuke to those feeble and fearful who make cuts to  the space program and disparage films such as this.
B00001QEE2|3.0|The VHS video isn't currently available, but I nevertheless saw it in the theaters a few years before. Though the animation is really colorful and eye-popping as usual, there are some things in it that I don't immediately  approve of, nor will the families of younger kids. Megan is supposed to be  a sex symbol for this film, yes - but she acts a little like a prostitute  around Hercules as well as that pink winged horse trying to seduce Pegasus.  This has a little sexual undertone and it is kind of sleazy. In addition,  there's that really creepy part about Megan dying and her spirit being  swept away into the underworld. Most adults who are in gothic fantasy would  appreciate this scene, but parents who haven't yet exposed young kids to  the very concept of death may be spooked away. But overall, it is a very  visually enthralling tour of an animated Ancient Greece ever since the  centaurs-and-centaurettes part in the 1940's &quot;Fantasia&quot;.
B000000WA4|5.0|This is the best they've ever done. The CD has every kind of sound you can think of for every mood. Most of it is metal. It's got some mellow stuff too.  James Iha is incredibal. He plays some of the best guitar parts I've  heard. Corgan is so good at writting lyrics that even if you don't agree  with everything, they actually make you think!  AN ESSENTIAL
6305229449|5.0|I saw this film in the theater with my family and it was truly a stunning combination of today's 3-D computer animation and the beautiful standard animation art typical of Disney. And an original plot as well. It was also  a very daring break right out of the usual fairy-tale mold featuring a  doe-eyed young princess and into the more &quot;adult&quot; aspects such as  the coy scene where Mulan has to keep her unclothed body under the water  not to be discovered she's really a girl and being roughly thrown at the  feet of an angry general looking ready to kill her on the spot. A very  sophisticated piece that would help contribute to the great animation  revolution to make this kind of medium more universally appealing to  everyone as Japanese anime. And my mother didn't even have to ask me if I  like it in the very end. However, the part where Mulan falls right off the  cliff on her horse and goes sailing into the air on a paper lantern is a  bit impausible, but hey - this old Chinese legend still has quite a bit of  fantasy in it as well.
B00000IPAX|3.0|Blink 182 is no longer a punk band. You can tell they sold out.  Don't get me wrong, I think it's a good Cd. The problem is it doesn't compare to dude ranch. They've replaced their punk sound to a more mainstream alternative  feel. When it all comes down to it, it's still a good CD. I'd go with dude  ranch if I were you, It's twice as good, but Enema of the State is worth  getting.
0553278223|5.0|my older brother, a big sci-fi fan, told me about this book several years ago and i decided to read it although i had never read a sci-fi book before.  chronicles is definitely not a book i will ever regret picking up.   at first i was a little frustrated by the cutting of the stories, and then  their conclusion coming later on, but i soon grew to love it as it just  added more suspense and interest to the novel.  since i first read it,  about 7 years ago, i have read it numerous times, too many to count.  every  story is amazing and beautifully written...it is an absolute masterpiece.   i haven't read it in about a year or so, but i can still remember the  stories so vividly...my favorite being the story about the man and his  dream of trees on mars.  i recommend this book to any and all readers.
6304578458|5.0|I have been suprised at how few people have seen or heard about this movie.  Although it is about a professional killer going to his high school reunion, it is really funny and very watchable.  The movie seems to attempt  to portray this line of work as normal and stressful just as any job can  be.  I have rented it three times, and finally saved up to buy it for  myself.
6300213714|5.0|I RECENTLY SEEN THE WARRIORS LATE AT NIGHT A FEW MONTHS AGO, I SAW PARTS OF THE MOVIE THAT WERE NOT IN MY VIDEO CASSETTE. DOES ANYONE KNOW HOW I COULD GET A TOTALLY UNCUT VERSION? (LOOK AT THE SCENE WHEN AJAX IS  CHALLENGING TO GET THE TOP SPOT IN THE CEMETARY, DID I MISS A PUNCH? IT  LOOKED LIKE HE WAS TURNING FROM A PUNCH THAT WAS EDITED OUT?)
0553274503|5.0|Flowers for Algernon brings out the true spirit of humanity and its neverending quest for knowledge and learning.  This story is told through fascinating journal entries submitted by a man named Charlie Gordan. These  accounts help to give the reader a more personal glimpse at the progress  and setbacks he suffers from. Romance is eventually added to the plot,  carefully drawing out emotions that Charlie has hidden all his life. This  novel delves into  questions that many have wondered, but that no one has  proved: Is it possible to dramatically increase a person's intelligence? If  so, is it ethical? Full of subtle suspense and intertwined complexities, it  is an awe-inspiring read. It tugs at the heart strings and continues to do  so long after the last page has been turned!
0792151712|5.0|this movie is a great romance and it keeps you in suspense at the end. if you haven't already seen it you have to be crazy. This is deffinately a movie that i could see hundreds of times.
B00001NFCY|5.0|This band, unlike another reviewer stated, is nothing like the Backstreet Boys or N-Sync.  Creed just has that tone that can lift you up on even the worst of days.  HIGHER has meaning even in the song's name!  Their music  has a tone that no other alternative, or rock, band ever could..  I  remember when Creed first came out.  They opened for 311 in a concert in  Tallahassee.  And they also showed up in one where The Hazies opened for  them.  Creed started from the bottom, like many other wonderful ones have.   Creed was started by a bunch of guys that wanted to make a difference in  their generation of music, they weren't started by a couple of producers  and advertising.  Creed worked hard and as a result, pulled off a wonderful  career, not to mention another great album.  Creed, I bow to you, for  making a success of what you guys have done.  Buy this CD.  It's a blast  for all of our generation to enjoy..
B000021XS0|5.0|Dream Theater has to be the single best band I have heard in my lifetme! My brother bought me this album for my birthday and from the moment it began I could tell these guys put thought into their compositions. I have  only said this about one other musician so I don't say it lightly that  Dream Theater are geniuses.If you like an edge to your rock, enjoy music  that won't be boring after a week, and occasionally desire sensory  overload, this band (and this album) will fulfill your cravings completely!  I highly recomend it!
B00000J8EK|1.0|With a horrible year for electronic music in 1999, it only seems fitting that the Chemical Brother's wonder-blunder album 'Surrender' would make the top 10 list.  The days of the whip smart Chems of the 'Exit Planet Dust'  era are over with this rehash of electro and house that should of very well  stayed in its grave.  The only song that I thought was the least bit  listenable was 'Hey Boy, Hey Girl', only because at the time of its release  on single, I thought it was a bit of kitsch.  Not so.  Along with the  bargain basement beat collage, we have is mounds of guests used to the  least of their abilities; this is seen clearly in the track with Hope  Sandoval. This is a supposed up-tempo house album with one of the most  boring tracks ever let to waste DAT tape; it would have made a great hidden  track as long as it was hidden from the Chems during mastering.  I was  astonished that Basement Jaxx made the list as well, but I'll try not to  dwell on the short-comings of this website's taste too much.  The exclusion  of Richie Hawtin's excellent 'Decks, EFX, and 909' (the ONLY worthwhile  house album this year)from the top ten list was about as downtrodding as  the Sandoval track.  The Chemicals seem to think that this is their  greatest accomplishment yet, but their greatest accomplishment will be  seeing how big of a mistake this album really is.  (Note:  the only reason  I 'awarded' this album with one star is because you cannot give a 0 star  rating or a negative star rating)
B00000DCHI|5.0|Honestly!  The songs the 'proffesional' review mentions of Billy Joel!  They completely miss some of his biggest hits!  'It's Still Rock and Roll to Me', anyone?  'Uptown Girl', 'The Longest Time'?   I swear...I simply  bought this album for 'Piano Man' and 'It's Still Rock and Roll to  Me'...then when I actually listened to each song....I realized 'Whoa!   Billy Joel is AWESOME!  There are so many songs on this album I had no idea  he did!  So COME ON!   This is an awesome value....there are so many  freaking good songs in this collection...I IMPLORE you to purchase this!  I  make an effort to listen to this album every day or so...and I've had it  for almost a YEAR!   This one is STAYING in my cd-changer!
B000007T2Z|5.0|This is indeed residual music- a rare find nowadays! In this day and age when you hear a music piece, feel an emotion for four minutes (typically lust), and then move on to the next pleasure.  What GSYBE have crafted here  is a record that stays with you- it lingers in your mind, pulling with both  musical intensity and philisophical beauty. This is art that makes you  think! To give comparisons musically is a daunting task- obvious  comparisons to the Dirty Three are inevitable, but there are also tinges of  late Sonic Youth (see Anagrama), A Minor Forest, Tortoise, and Slint. What  makes this band different from the aforementioned is its commitment to  storytelling- they have the ability to craft worlds of caustic decline and  aural terror. This is not a concept album, however- this is a soundtrack  for the imagination.
B0000399WI|4.0|Of course, if you've seen the movie, you know it's good.  But, contrary to what the advertisements about the DVD state, there is NO COMMENTARY of any kind.  I don't know what happened, but I was disappointed with that.  Other  than that, the transfer is clean.
B00001OH7M|5.0|As the title states, I personally believe that you can not be a Bowie lover without having heard this CD. This is one of my favorite CD's, and it is one of his many dynamic recordings of &quot;older&quot; songs. I don't  really believe I can put much more into words regarding this CD.  Bowie has  said it all. That's all there is to it. BUY THIS IF YOU HAVE YET TO DO SO!
B000031XCR|4.0|I rated this 4 stars only because I haven't had a chance to hear the new songs, but I'm sure they're good. If you're a Celine Dion fan, you'll love this collection of songs. My favorite was &quot;That's the Way it Is&quot;,  her new single. I think this CD is worth your money!
044651652X|4.0|THE BRIDGES OF MADISON COUNTY is one of those haunting novels like Fournier's THE WANDERER or McBride's THE CLEARING.  It gives you hope, it rekindles those embers within the heart that have almost gone cold.  If you  know or liked THE WANDERER or THE CLEARING, you'll love THE BRIDGES OF  MADISON COUNTY.
B000002BSG|5.0|Well overall Jamiroquai is a great band. This CD in particular seems to have an edge that all other albums lack. The speedy, catchy rhythms are pure bliss. Jay Kay with his usual dynamic vocals and most of all, Stuart  Zender (Bass guitar) letting those bass lines roll. These guys are amazing,  I suggest checking out all their albums. You won't be disappointed!<br />P.S.  Stuart will be sadly missed!
B00004THO3|4.0|THE BRIDGES OF MADISON COUNTY is one of those haunting novelslike Fournier's THE WANDERER or McBride's THE CLEARING.  It gives you hope, it rekindles those embers within the heart that have a lmost gone cold.  If you know or liked THE WANDERER or THE CLEARING, you'll love THE BRIDGES OF MADISON COUNTY.
0679759328|1.0|The plot is unconvincing and lacking in depth.  The heroine, Edith Hope, takes a break in a respectable lakeside Swiss hotel, escaping for a while from the immediate consequences of a social indiscretion which she recently  committed at home in England.  The story concerns her relationships with  people who are only acquaintances: her fellow guests in the Hotel du Lac  and at home her neighbour and her housekeeper.  In often flowery  vocabulary, we are introduced to these acquaintances and their foibles:  people who have unhealthy relationships with their mothers, daughters,  dogs, food and money.  The heroine's relationships with these acquaintances  amount to little more than disparate and somewhat trivial ancedotes, which  are unsatisfactory in the sense that they are peripheral or even irrelevant  to the main theme, the true love of the heroine. Her character is languid.  It is hard to believe that anyone (even the heroine, who is a writer of  romantic fiction) could have mere acquaintances talk them into marriage  with a man acknowledged from the outset to be a mother centered bore, while  subsequently considering marrying another where both acknowledge from the  outset that they do not love each other.  Lost in these unlikely banalities  is the potential story of her love for the man of whom she is mistress.   Ironically, the indiscretion, for which the heroine is banished to the  Hotel du Lac, is perhaps her only principled and courageous act.
6305603847|5.0|Loved the DVD greatly.  I have an idea though; has anyone put it into a DVD-ROM drive and try to click on those squares in the corner of the menus?  Just curious to see what the secret buttons are about.  Please e-mail me  at zot0314@aol.com if you have any info on this.
6302548195|5.0|I would really like to be able to obtain a copy of this movie.  I have never seen it before, but many people have told me it is an awesome flick.  I love lifting weights, and this movie sounds extremely interesting so if  anybody has any info on where I can get this movie PLEASE e-mail me at:          jhatcher@musclemail.com          or            jhachat@ashland.edu
B00002Z88D|5.0|With the orchestrator being the composer of such movie scores as Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves, Mr. Holland's Opus(He composed &quot;An American Symphony&quot;), and many others, you just can't go wrong.   I got the  priveledge of working with Michael Kamen at a music camp I went to, and  I'll never forget it.  I love Metallica and I love classical music, so it  just doesn't get any better than this.
6303269826|5.0|This is one of the best movies that I have in my entire video collection.  The way the Costner (Wyatt Earp) and Quaid (Doc Holiday) portray these fabled men are truly amazing.  It kept me on the edge of my seat from the  minute it started until the credits began rolling.  Very few movies tend to  keep my attention the way that this one did, because let me tell ya, you  will surely be hitting the pause button when you go for that bathroom break  (and you will, this is one darn long movie!) in the middle of it.
B0000025ZF|3.0|Pros: By listening to Waters' lyrics, and how he sets them to his particular kind of music (less melodic, more aural--or even metaphysical, but not in a Shirley MacLaine kinda way!), you really get a glimpse inside  the mind of a truly, truly intelligent male, a special kind of animal who  can come up with lyrics on a higher level than...oh, I don't know,  &quot;Livin' La Vida Loca,&quot; perhaps?--more so than  Robert  &quot;Baby-Baby-BABY!&quot; Plant, who often just throws in a groan or  grunt to sound sexy and fill in the lyrical gaps in that particular song (I  feel this way, even if I am a sort of Zeppelin freak). Waters, in  &quot;Pros &amp; Cons,&quot; achieves what he achieved in his work with  Pink: he strives to say something different and distinct from that of  others in the rock world, and he hits his target (somewhat--more on that  later). More importantly, whether or not the lyrics are always at their  best, he forces you to THINK about what he's putting across, and not just  &quot;headbang&quot; and/or play air-guitar to it. Remember: rock music  isn't supposed to comfort or console--it's supposed to be dangerous; it's  supposed to take risks, and take the listener to a place he/she wouldn't  otherwise go to.<br />Con: Now, I should preface this by saying I am, indeed,  a Pink Floyd fan. But, as much as I loved &quot;Dark Side&quot; and  &quot;The Wall,&quot; these works are like &quot;Pros &amp;  Cons&quot;--they are not without their faults. The works, in general, can  be a little long, a little too wordy--and it is for that latter reason, in  particular, why I can't rate &quot;Pros &amp; Cons&quot; any higher.   Again, it's a good album (good, for the reason that it's DIFFERENT), but it  does suffer in its lugubriousness.  I strongly feel that if Waters had  tried polishing the lyrics a little more, he could have achieved just as  good an effect, if not a better one--the same goes for most of his work w/  Pink. As it is, there ARE little nuggets of true lyrical genius in  &quot;Pros &amp; Cons,&quot; but they often mired in a muddle of irritating  stream-of-consciousness jargon--then again, could THAT be what Waters  wanted to achieve?...So, should you buy this album? Let's put it this way:  Those who say you're not going to &quot;get&quot; it if you don't  &quot;get&quot; Pink, are being rather overly protective of their status as  aficionados of a cult favorite; in other words, they're PinkHeads, like  Zeppelin fans are LedHeads, and Grateful Dead fans are DeadHeads--they feel  they're the only ones, and they want to KEEP it that way. I, myself, didn't  &quot;get&quot; Pink before I bought it--'cause I NEVER HEARD THEM BEFORE.  So I gave them a try.  Same holds for Waters, solo, as well as for ANY  artist. Besides, each album any artist puts out should be considered on its  own merits, away from any work which may have come before or after it.  'Nuff said.
B00000K2SC|5.0|The action was great. The plot was very easy to understand. The best techno-thriller ever! It's a gotta-have movie for sci-fi special FX fans!
0783225857|5.0|The new Collector's Edition dvd for Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird is truly fantastic, filled with many extras like a captivating behind-the-scene documentary that is about an hour and a half long with  fascinating interviews with the wondrous actors who brought the characters  to life such as the Mary Badham(Scout),Phillip Alford(Jem), Brock  Peters(Tom), Collin Wicox(Mayella), and many more.  The audio commentary is  also particularly interesting which allows a more in-depth look at this  film adapted from the Pulitzer Prize-winning novel.<br />After watching the  dvd, I just had to grab my copy of Lee's great book and reread it over  again.  The film is one of those rare gems which is able to capture the  true beauty and essence that the novel exudes.  Please watch this  inspirational film and read the novel which brought this film to life.  Thanks.
6305513406|5.0|It is great that these videos are being released on DVD.  The video quality is superior to what you would get on tape.  True Star Trek fans will not be disappointed!
0767824571|4.0|IF YOU'RE ONE OF THE VERY FEW PEOPLE WHO DO NOT THINK THIS IS ONE OF THE FUNNIEST MOVIES,THEN YOU'RE EITHER DEAD OR JUST YOUR AVERAGE PLAIN DORK  THAT USE TO BE LEFT OUT OF THE GOOD PARTIES!  NI!
6304806442|5.0|Good flick, good soundtrack
B000002504|5.0|I purchased this LP in the first week it was released in the states.  Being a Gentle Giant fan prior to it's release my avid love for the band continued.  This album is second only to &quot;In A Glass House&quot; which  is absolutely their best.  In A Glass House is difficult to find, however I  did find a CD copy from the netherlands.  Anyone who is intrested in  attaining a CD copy of &quot;In A Glass House&quot;, please feel free to  e-mail me.  You want be disappointed in it or it's recording quality.  it  rates at the top!  I saw this band twice at the Electric Ball Room in  Dallas Tx. in 1975 and 76 and they were unbelievable.  If only today's  music could compare.
0312853238|5.0|Ender's Game was incredible, I can only hope that the upcoming movie captures all of the genius contained in the book.  Do not forsake the book for its movie.
B000002LCB|5.0|All I have to say is that I loooooooove this movie!  I have seen it at least a thousand times and the sound track is the BEST!  My favorite track is Storybook Love! I hope everyone else likes it as much as I do. I have  been watching The Princess Bride since I was about 5 and will continute to  watch it and have my children and their children ect. watch it as well.  It's a classic and so is the soundtrack! I would definetly reccomend it!
0131103628|5.0|This book is the absolute best book on C (...on anything?) that I have ever read. This book is extremely to the point and does a good job of telling you what you need to know. Brian Kernighan and Dennis Ritchie did a  supurb job on this one. (In case you didn't know Dennis Ritchie and Ken  Thompson developed UNIX. Brian Kerninghan and Dennis Ritche developed C so  these guys have been around) I can say with absolute honesty that this is  the best C book that has ever graced my bookshelf.
B00001PE4D|4.0|As the reviewer below noted, this movie does has a great plot, but the acting destroys it. It's been too long since we've had an artistic comparison of the modern adolescent fascination of sex versus the  unconventional idea of acheivable true-love. Although the director makes a  few moves that I would consider to be questionable, the actors take the  blame when it comes to the movie's ruination. Except for Geller, it was  completely miscast. The music and score were not mixed right. The end was  too predictable. The underlying plot was not realized. I'd give it 3.5  stars.
0805062971|5.0|This is one of the greatest books of our time.It's look at life is unparalled by any other book i can think of.
0671027344|5.0|This book is the best book I have read in a long time.  It is so well-written, and very inspiring. I read it in a short time, and it was a little hard to get used to the way Charlie writes, but it makes you feel involved with Charlie, and his life.  It makes you feel like you know him,  or are the friend he is writing to, and to be that close makes the book  even better.  It was a great book.
0812932293|4.0|&quot;Losing my Virginity&quot; explains the secret of success and how to get there. Richard Branson gives new life to the conventional world of business. He proves that doing business and &quot;having fun&quot; can  exist simultaneously, be it selling LP's from a dinghy basement or breaking  land, sea and air records. &quot;Losing My Virginity&quot; makes becoming a  millionaire every man's dream!
0140434143|5.0|I saw a preview about two months ago for an intriguing-looking film called Mansfield Park, later that day I went to the library and saw the book by Jane Austen there on the shelves.  I decided I should read the book before  I saw the movie, I started the book on a Monday night and through school  and choir practice finished it that Thursday.  I was enthralled, Austen had  captured me as I reader, I loved Fanny's unassuming gentle qualities, she  was a complex character, so very different from any other heroine I'd  encountered.  I have since gone through Austen's other novels and with the  exception of Persuasion and Northanger Abbey have found them to be a  disappointment after Mansfield Park.  I think Mansfield was/is Austen at  her finest.
B00002ZMNW|3.0|The second I saw This video at the music store I bought it.  Then much to my suprise as I was at the mall the next week I saw the same S&amp;M video with a bonus video attached of behind the scenes footage.  So if you buy  this video you will only get the concert tape, don't make the same mistake  I did.  Anyway the performance on the video is excellent.  Metallica is in  top form, as opposed to their usually sloppy live performance.
0135560934|5.0|I started to learn trading from reminiscence of a stock operator, then this book and its sequential  book, It is a &quot;must read&quot; book, I refer to this book frequently. You can  BENEFIT from it since it comtains  various trading styles and personalities. <br />What I really envy is that  some lucky traders can work with those top ones, I have to study by myself,  it is painful, and much less efficient.
6302732875|5.0|Nothing frames the &quot;other side of the eighties&quot; like this modern classic.  But the story takes second stage to brilliant performances by Pacino, Lemmon, Baldwin et al.  The symbolism and dialogue are truly  enhanced by the all star cast - Baldwin's brief performance is his best  ever.  If you're looking for an inspiring story, stay away.  If you're a  fan of acting perfection it's a must see.
B000009DUY|5.0|After having listened to quite a bit of film music over the last decade, the singularly most moving film music I've heard for a motion picture- and not just from Williams' discography but from any film music composer- is  for Saving Private Ryan. Steven Spielberg's gritty monumental film  demonstrates personal honour, unmitigated courage, and selfless endeavour;  and William's &quot;Hymn To the Fallen&quot; in this soundtrack mourn  supreme sacrifice, but yet salute resolute heroism. The score here has been  highly praised on the Amazon customer reviews; and I'm glad to add my vote  with the other supporters here too of this magnificent music-making. I'd  add however that I found not just the Hymn inspiring; but the second last  track, &quot;The Last Battle&quot; (heard just after Captain John Miller is  wounded and takes on the last Panzer tank, and lasts all the way until the  modern day visitation back to the cemetery), worked equally as well. In  fact, aside from the Hymn, and the &quot;Han Solo and Princess Leia&quot;  theme from the closing moments of The Empire Strikes Back, there hasn't  been another cue from any motion picture that has so powerfully brought  back the emotions I felt when watching the motion picture on the big  screen.  <br />I was just reading a film critic's review of this score, and  William's work here was described as one where apart from the Hymn,  otherwise had no recognisable theme, or suspense; ultimately leading to an  slow, boring listening experience. Truth to tell, when one compares the  score for Saving Private Ryan (SPR) to other Williams' works, particularly  that of the Star Wars and Indiana Jones trilogies, there is indeed a marked  lesser use of strong, bold themes to personify an event or a person; the  Imperial March, or Yoda's theme from the Star Wars trilogy being examples  of such &quot;theme-based&quot; music. Directors like Steven Spielberg and  George Lucas may have made Williams' music a very central compliment totheir motion pictures before, but the absence of this music style did not  make the SPR score ultimately any less moving for me. Yes, the music is  often subdued, quiet and slow. But does this make it any less effective?  This score worked for me not because I could listen to it in isolation and  be moved. It was, in fact, a deeply touching- almost religious- experience  when listening to it because it effectively brought back vivid memories of  the great emotional burden I felt when seeing the countless brave young men  make the ultimate sacrifice for their country during the war. And that for  myself, is the very purpose of film music; to make me recall, and to feel  again the passion of a motion picture. <br />For myself, the most powerful  film score I've ever heard.
0679746048|5.0|When I first picked up this book, I thought I wouldn't like it at all. But I sat down on one rainy day and I picked it up off the shelf and thought I'd give it a try! It was one of the greatest things that require reading  that I ever did. This book is amazing! It's honest, yet comic in one of  those strange ways. You find yourself seeing all the people and  understanding that they never wanted to end up there in the first place. I  found myself liking Lisa for her strength even though her character was  tough and sometimes foul with language. I found I liked the girl who set  herself on fire because even though something terrible had come upon her,  she still found a reason to love life. I finished it in one sitting, within  three hours which is one of the quikest I have ever read a book. Ever  chapter was brilliant, every page held magic, and I thought it was  wonderful! I recommend it to every girl whose ever felt out of place in the  world!
B00002SWEM|5.0|The passion of the musicians who play in this modern masterpiece will move you unlike any other film that I have ever seen. Guitarist Ry Cooder's search for these masters of Cuban music pays off in a ways no one would  have been able to foresee. The stories that each musician tell about  growing up in Cuba, and struggling to play the music that they love, give  one insight into a world that was extinct. Thanks to this film, that world  has been reborn.<br />Apart from this movie's powerful content, one can't help  but be amazed at how modern technology has made a movie like this possible.  Shot entirely on digital cameras (Sony digiBeta and Handycams) and mixed  with all digital technology, this movie has a crispness and clarity that  most documentaries have lacked up to this time. The Steadycam features of  the digital cameras allow the viewer to see the musicians in the studio and  on the stage without shaking and annoying interference. This movie is a  milestone for independent filmmakers. Wim Wenders uses these modern tools  to give us a look into Cuban neighborhoods, recording studios, and homes  that would not have been possible without this modern digital equipment.  Even if you don't enjoy the music (and I don't see how anyone could not be  moved by this music), you MUST see this movie simply because of its  pioneering spirit.<br />Buena Vista Social Club takes us into a new era. This  is cinema of the new millennium. It's sensitivity to the subject,  unobtrusive style, and technological achievements will all be mimicked by  filmmakers to come. <br />Do yourself a favor and see this movie. Your soul  will thank you.
B0000025ZF|5.0|The very best waters has to offer
0783235666|5.0|THE BIRDS is one of Hitchcock's most terrifying films, if the most. The smartest choice he made was to have no soundtrack, just the ominous sound of birds flying and cawing. Tippi Hedren does a fine job as snobbish  Melanie Daniels, who follows Mitch Brenner out to the Bodega Bay coastal  town. The tension mounts slowly. Melanie is pecked by a seagull, a bird  unexplicably flies into Annie's door, a man is found with his eyes pecked  out, then all hell breaks loose. Birds come through the chimney, attack  children at a school, cause an explosion, trash a diner, and then they  finally descend on the Brenner farmhouse. Why? That is a question THE BIRDS  wisely chooses not to answer. In the diner scene a bird expert says that if  birds flocked together mankind would have no chance of stopping them. She  says that such a thing can't happen. After the birds frenzied attack on the  diner, the woman is shivering with terror. Mankind has no hope against the  birds. A wonderfully executed suspense film that is terrifying because its  us against nature. And we know that nature never loses. The only flaw in  this excellent film is little Cathy Brenner. The girl does nothing but  whine and cry, and one almost wishes that the birds would kill her along  with Annie. Highly recommended movie from the master of horror, Alfred  Hitchcock.
B00000J6AG|5.0|While surfing through stations on TV one evening I  tuned into PBS and was just thrilled with the music from this artist.I had never heard of him before so I went to my music expert (my 20yo daughter) and she gave him  rave reviews. Moby is for everyone whether you are 46 or 20! The entire CD  is good not just one or two songs.He is truely on the brilliant side  especially live. I would love to see him in concert sometime.Get this one.  You will love it.I am 99.9% sure of it!
6302990114|5.0|I'm an Agatha Christie fan, and DEATH ON THE NILE is also one of my favorite movies. In this follow up to the fascinating MURDER ON THE ORIENT EXPRESS, Peter Ustinov plays a more dapper Hercule Poirot, who is only one  of the passengers on a steamer going down the Nile in Egypt. Rich and much  loathed newlywed Linnet Doyle and her husband Simon are aboard, and when  Linnet is murdered, it seems that everyone had a motive for doing her in.  Tremendous fun and guessing follow as Poirot and Colonel Race, played to a  T by David Niven, try and sort out the clues as two more people are killed.  Stellar story and acting, with a wonderful cast that includes, Bette Davis,  Angela Lansbury, Mia Farrow, Maggie Smith, Simon MacCorindale, George  Kennedy, Olivia Hussey, and Jane Bilken make up the guilty suspects. Great  murder mystery in an exotic location. Enjoy this gem.
B000031WD9|5.0|A definate buy--I could go on forever about how funny this film is, but I won't--so I'll just tell you that it's a good movie (Not as Great as Everyone Says), but still worth buying and watching over and over again,  and the Unrated DVD version is a must--with a plethora of features,  including a very entertaining commentary feature.<br />  Buy it!<br />  Also  Recommended: Se7en, Fight Club, and if you like teen comedies-- 10 Things I  Hate About You.<br />  ABSOLUTELY NOT RECOMMENDED: Wild Wild West--I normally  don't trash movies--and am generally optimistic, but this film could very  well have been orchestrated by Satan himself, and I personally believe that  the great director Sodenburgh was possessed by something vehemently evil  when he made this movie.
B000022TSF|5.0|Superb movie, and definetly a keeper.  The DVD is of high quality, and contains a great interview with the screenplay writer, producer, and the director.  Just waching the movie a few times and the interview is worth  the 20 bucks you will spend on this DVD.
0140277447|5.0|The book The Rape of Nanking reminds all the people who love peace that we should never make any evil things happen again.  The book shows many testimonies about the holocaust in Nanking.  If anyone believe the pictures  the book shows is &quot;fake&quot; or are &quot;arranged&quot;, he or she  is against the truth of history.  If you do not like the book because of  its horrible contents, I can only say we can do nothing to make it  beautiful because it is the horrible truth of the history.
B000007RYQ|5.0|Well, we seem to have a bit of a disagreement below. I hope that I may be able to clarify for those considering this purchase. I am an enthusiastic, if a bit less than fully obsessed, Mahlerite, as well as being a longtime  jazzophile. I am also quite skeptical in general of jazz treatments of  classical themes; they tend either to be overly reverential (which doesn't  prevent their being mediocre) or to simplify the source music (for easier  improvisation) to the point where one must question the use of the theme at  all. This, to my mind, is an exception. But you must bear that what I like  is not always, or even often, what most enthusiasts of jazz OR classical  music tend to like. (I'm not inordinately discriminating in my aesthetic  judgments, just fussy.) I would venture to suggest that Mahlerians with  little interest in jazz would be quite horrified by this recording (as  indeed an acquaintance of mine was.) Further, I'd say that fans of  contemporary jazz, especially the &quot;downtown&quot; scenesters -- Zorn,  Douglas, et al. -- will love this regardless of their taste for classical  music. And, as one reviewer noted below, even those who consider Mahler to  be an old bloat, but who like challenging jazz, will probably admire this  disc. And is Uri Caine one of the most interesting jazz pianists (and  arrangers) in decades, or what? His Wagner CD is extraordinary, too,  although similar cautions to those cited above (and below) apply.
079213690X|5.0|This is as good as movie making can get.  Movies are made for one purpose, and that is to tell a story.  While no movie can portray a person or event perfectly and still keep your attention, Braveheart is done so tastefully  with respect to the truth that noone can deny its greatness.  In my opinion  this is the greatest movie of all time.  I cry every time I watch it, and I  have watched it 57 times!
0525244581|4.0|Benjamin Hoff is trying to show us the way to flow. How to stop and enjoy the life. One of my good friend told me that life is just like a bubble of beer. You have to stop and enjoy the smell. After reading this book, I've  realized that I have been studying absent-mindedly. Only for the scholarly  career. Let take a deep breath and live for today's jouissance.
B000002LND|5.0|This is one of the best cd's I have ever bought. All of the songs are my favorites, but a few are missing.  I thought &quot;Erotica&quot; definately belonged on the cd and it would have been nice if the songs were not  shortened. The cd hardly ever comes out of my cd player because I just  can't get enough. Song #9, &quot;Papa Don't Preach&quot; is one that I will  never get tired of singing. This album is a definite must have for any  Madonna fan.
B00000K19E|5.0|Though I am not a big lover of sci-fi or action this DVD is the best I have ever seen. It is packed with beautiful, stunning scenes, and none of the action scenes feels like they are faked. Normally I can enjoy an action  but I am always thinking in terms of &quot;Yeah, right I know how they did  this...&quot; but trough this movie I caught myself literary catching my  breath several times beacause I had forgotten to breath. This is more than  an action, it has a good script with characters you really take to your  heart and a good plot. The scenes, environments and the characters clothes  were so well designed that all I could do was line back and enjoy.  This  might sound exaggerated but I really mean it when I say that this movie  changed my life. It left me with a great feeling of joy and strength and it  made it impossible to really enjoy an other movie, since none can match the  experience of the Matrix. In a way I am sorry I have already seen it  beacause I would love to have that experience left.
B00000K19E|5.0|I love this movie. my only complaint is that it is in widescreen DVD format only
630526323X|3.0|I just love the way directors and script writers feel the need to rewrite Bram Stroker's &quot;Dracula.&quot; Don't you? Well...they've done it again. This movie is not as good as the book. It is not even as good as the  original movie (I've seen &quot;Nosferatu&quot; and you are not  it).<br />However, I can recommend this movie for the following reasons: 1)  the scenery, beautiful and at times alien    to many of us in the U.S. 2)  Klaus' make-up (as good as the original) 3) the acting (a little broad at  times but, hey) 4) the music<br />Klaus Kinski is a good actor and always  plays interesting characters (and he helps make beautiful and talented  children). Trust me, there are worse ways to spend some time. A bad  rendition of &quot;The Messiah&quot; comes to mind. 8{
B00000K2SC|5.0|Oh man, this sure was an experience.  This has got to be the best movie I've seen all year.  It kept me interested the entire time, and really suprised me a few times, too.  Unlike other &quot;action&quot; movies, all  the shooting, all the killing had no gore.  No unnecessary blood or  revolting shots that most guys tend to enjoy.<br />The Matrix really gets you  thinking, and keeps you thinking. There is NOTHING like this movie, and it  is definatly worth watching.
B00002Z88D|3.0|I originally bought this album because of the &quot;teasers&quot; I heard on the radio (&quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot; and &quot;Hero of the Day&quot;).  And, after getting it, my initial reaction was very  positive.<br />However, after listening to it for a couple of weeks, I  realized that perhaps Metallica had made a mistake in making this  album.<br />First off, the thing that disappointed me the most was the song  selection.  The album started off very well with &quot;The Ecstasy of  Gold&quot; seamlessly leading into &quot;The Call of the Ktulu,&quot; which  again leads into &quot;Master of Puppets.&quot;  That was some fine work.   However, the album generally peters out after this.  Supposedly, this is  meant to be somewhat of a greatest hits album.  But I never really thought  &quot;Devil's Dance&quot; and &quot;Of Wolf and Man&quot; were really great  songs.  In fact, &quot;The Memory Remains&quot; is probably the worst  Metallica song I've ever heard.  What happened to the Metalli-classics like  &quot;Welcome Home (Sanitarium)&quot; and &quot;Fade to Black?&quot;  And I  can't think of a Metallica song that would go better with a symphony  orchestra than &quot;The Unforgiven.&quot;  Also, the songs don't  complement each other.  You hear a fast song, then a slow one, then a fast  one again, which tends to ultimately be anticlimactic.<br />Second point: The  band's performance, particularly James' singing.  Metallica is notorious  for putting on great concerts, but something is missing in this live album.   Half the time, James lets the audience do the singing, which is great if  you're actually there, but takes away from the mood when you're listening  to it on a CD.<br />I did, however, give this album three stars for two  reasons.  First of all, Michael Kamen did a superb job of organizing a  symphony background that meshed wonderfully with the music.  This is  especially apparent in &quot;The Ecstacy of Gold.&quot;  Second of all, you  don't listen to a live album expecting to hear all new songs, so a few  (though not most) of the songs were well done.<br />This album was not what I  expected when I ordered it, but I'll still keep listening to it.  However,  don't believe everything you read -- order it yourself and draw your own  conclusions.
6301543408|2.0|This movie is not quite as bad as The Motion Picture, but doesn't come close to The Wrath of Khan or First Contact. Only real ST fans should watch this. P.S At the end of the movie both Kirk and spock make a stupid  mistake. Kirk says &quot;I lost a brother once, I was lucky to get him  back&quot;(refering to Spock in ST2 and ST3), but he DID lose his elder  brother at the end of the first season of TOS!
B000000W5H|1.0|THIS RECORD WAS THE ABSOLUTE BEGINING OF THE END FOR THESE GUYS! FROM THIS POINT ON EVERY RECORD HAD THE SAME OLD SOUND,THE SAME OLD BEAT, AND THE SAME OLD FORMULA! DON'T BOTHER WITH THIS,IF YOU HAVE HEARD ONE STONES ALBUM  THAT THEY HAVE DONE IN THE LAST 25 YEARS,YOU HAVE HEARD THEM ALL!
B000001ESP|5.0|This album is filled with great songs.First there's Tom Sawyer which has the greatest riffs in my opinion and arguably there best radio hit.Red Barchetta is another good radio hit.The Camera Eye is an engaging  interesting epic and Limelight is one of their greatest FM radio staples  too.
B00000K2SC|5.0|i thought it was a great movie the speacial effects were done verry well.  The movie kept me on the edge of my seat all throughout the movie. I would really recomend that you see this movie! 1
B000002J20|4.0|THE Revealing Science of God is a great song with a great riff within the first 2 minutes of it, it should have been a hit.The Remembering is the only weak song. The Ancient is another good song with amazing work by Steve  Howe.Ritual also has great guitar by Steve Howe also.
B00000K19E|5.0|If you like action movies then you'll love this movie. It kicks ass
B000001ESN|5.0|This is a classic Rush album that can't be left forgotten. This is how I rate each song individually.<br />Spirit of the Radio  4 3/4 stars<br />Freewill             5  stars<br />Jacob's Ladder       4  stars<br />Entre  Nous           3 3/4  stars<br />Different Strings    3 1/2 stars<br />Natural Science      4   stars
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I love the CD it kind of inspiaring at some points. It is one of the best CDs I have ever listened to. Everyone in the world should own a copy. It's Great go out and buy it!
B000002AGN|5.0|I got this disc for a gift, and it's the most mentally soothing and great piece of jazz.
B00000JCB2|1.0|Oh god, I first saw limp biscuit on total request live (love ya Carson!) and they were like so cool, and I found out all the other eighth graders were listening to them so I had to get my mom to buy this CD along with a  pair of  tommyhilfeger jeans and Brittainy Spears CD (She is like, my idol.  Her song Crazy makes me Crazy!) and this album is so cool, I haven't really  listened to any of the songs but Nookie, Re-Arranged and  N 2 Gether Now  but if they make any more videos then I'll listen to those songs. This is  such a cool CD! I  like in the Nookie video when the cops come to break up  the concert and the band gets mad at them, that is just so cool!  I've  never really listened to rap before but I  really like the way that Fred  Durst raps on the CD, it just sounds so cool! Hes the best rapper in the  world, along with Kid Rock.  Korn, The Backstreet Boys, Kid Rock, Brittainy  Spears, and limp biscuit all rock!<br />If you have cotton for brains, that  is.
0767830555|4.0|The widescreen transfer of the origional (minus the real reds in the final blood bath - now lost forever-see documentary) is magnificent. Nothing is lost, and the tech. buffs should be happy. The sound is stereo and crisp  (what a sound track) and the 70 min. documentary is icing on the cake, its  amazing how much improvisation there was in this movie.<br />The movie, well  its early Scorsese, and while not his best, still a real winner. Watch in  particular for the camera movments, angles, and &quot;daring&quot; shots  that the film crew were so amazed  when shooting it under  &quot;Marty's&quot; direction. Enjoy.
B00000JGOH|2.0|This movie will certainly be popular and rate  with critics.  However, it is pretentious and arty in the anticipated Hollywood manner.  Furthermore, it takes too many liberties with a historical personality.  We know little  about the life of Shakespeare, and we certainly should not read his plays  autobiographically.  But one thing we do know from his writings is that he  valued marital fidelity.  If he ever violated this standard, he was  certainly shamed by his own conscience.  He would never have celebrated his  lawless love.  It is too bad that millions of folk, forgetting that this  oh-so-serious production is fiction, will get their lasting impression of  England's prime cultural hero here.
0767830555|4.0|The widescreen transfer of the origional (minus the real reds in the final blood bath - now lost forever-see documentary) is magnificent. Nothing is lost, and the tech. buffs should be happy. The sound is stereo and crisp  (what a sound track) and the 70 min. documentary is icing on the cake, its  amazing how much improvisation there was in this movie.<br />The movie, well  its early Scorsese, and while not his best, still a real winner. Watch in  particular for the camera movments, angles, and &quot;daring&quot; shots  that the film crew were so amazed  when shooting it under  &quot;Marty's&quot; direction. Enjoy.
6301967984|4.0|It is far too facile to envision this film as a degradation of the human spirit, Sure it is, but then degradation is all around us. For me an important question why does Pasolini utilize the realm of art to portray  theses excesses the dark disgusting realms of the human spirit. What was  the Vietnam War, but a molestation of children,of burning of their flesh,  with no remorse,nor consciousness. Or any war for that matter. The Balkans  is a great profound example, where death is a way of life. What disgusts me  is that Pasolini's real disgust is his brutalization of art. His focus is  on the purely clinical clean, to the state of painful boredom of his or de  Sade's tale. I retrospect I don't think Pasolini had a consummate technique  to realize his profound subject. In fact no artist comes to mind. Perhaps  Goya his Disasters of War, or the Symphonies of Shostakovich, both as  templates for the horros of the times they lived.
0792156684|3.0|Yes, this movie played my emotions like the proverbial violin.  But I appreciated Cameron's portrayal of old Rose.  Like many who live to a productive old age, Rose lived with love and dignity.  When given the  opportunity,she payed homage to the man who &quot;gave her her life&quot;,  his &quot;gravestone&quot; was worth far less than the man who had changed  her life so dramatically.
B000002L9J|2.0|Just reading the lyrics in the CD booklet is enough to send one into the depths of despair.  Mr. Morrissey seems a talented poet and often makes allusions to poets that are truly great, but his songs indicate a level of  depression that would make Sylvia Plath seem like a happy clown. His  collaborator, Mr. Marr, is the more talented partner.  His music is light  and infective, unlike Morrissey's sad, sad songs and banshee wail.  This  reviewer especially enjoyed the music to &quot;Frankly Mr. Shankley&quot;  (also Morrissey's best outing)and &quot;The Boy with the Thorn in his  Side.&quot; The bottom line is that &quot;The Queen Is Dead&quot; has  excellent music, but depressives, alcoholics and impressionable children  and adults should not buy this album.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|this was so compeletely amazing to say the least. i was not attracted as much to fast as you can, as i was to get gone. it had a high understanding mixed with the jazz beat, and the hurt you could feel, by the lover in the  story. Morality where you shall not go peacefully into the night and remain  the &quot;dignified one&quot; you are dignified, but you are not cramming  it all in as we so often do, thinking that we need a person for the sake of  having them and infattuated with what we cannot obtain. over all, the whole  album was wonderful.
B000002LPD|4.0|These guys love to have fun, but the musical direction is led by a more mature Eddie and a return to Ted Templeman.  That makes this album a keeper.  <br />Eddie constructs some beautiful music that you still love to  tap your toe to.  &quot;Poundcake,&quot; &quot;Runaround,&quot; &quot;Man  On A Mission,&quot; &quot;The Dream Is Over,&quot; &quot;Right Now,&quot;  &quot;Top Of The World&quot; all grab you with a great start and keep your  interest.  <br />If you can get past the Dave vs. Sammy stuff and just realize  that it's Eddie's musical talent that makes this band what it is--always  has been, always will be--then you can really get into the album.  The best  of the Van Hagar Era, IMHO.
B000002TYX|5.0|There are a great many imbeciles out there who expect to change your opinions on the Beatles with &quot;Listen to the Stones!&quot; or &quot;Listen to Jeff Burns!&quot; but if their earnest, informed caveats  don't impress you, you may find these two CD's to be quite worth your  while. The incomprehensibly failed Decca auditions (Decca are the ultimate  &quot;listen to the Stones&quot; fools) their earliest recordings, which  surprizingly do show a lot of talent, an unreleased George Harrison number  that would have rivaled anything on &quot;Beatles for Sale&quot; and so  much more. There were many great bands over the ages. The Beatles were one  of them. Hear their genesis here.
0783231032|4.0|I don't know why this film didn't do better, because it's really a very well made comedy.  Forget the hysterics about the seriousness of the war, we all appreciate the efforts of the Americans and the Allies.  This, on  the other hand, is a wild ride in La La Land, and the type of movie you  watch again and again.
B00000DHRX|5.0|I really enjoyed this CD - both cds.  One cd is of his slow songs and the other is his dance songs.  (I really like how they put that together.)  It's nice to listen to the slow cd when you just want to mellow out.  All  the songs in these cds you have heard with a couple of new ones added in.   Great cd, especially if you already enjoy George Michael's music.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I have been a metallica fan scence I first heard their music.  This is a great CD. Highly recomended for any metallica fan or any heavy metal fan!
B000002HRE|5.0|Metallica has come a long way, baby! They can still rock with the best of them, being that they are one of the best! Fuel, Memory Remains, Devil's Dance, Better Than You, Fixxxer, this album is incredible hard  rock/metal!Where the Wild Things Are, low man's lyric, Unforgiven II, this  album has amazingly melodic songs, that still keep that metal/rock edge!  Bottom line, this is one of Metallica's best and most mature album yet!  Also, the Black album was incredible too! these are two of their best  albums, and i strongly recommend that you buy both of them, or at least  check them out, it's well worth it!<br />see also: Godsmack, Korn, Creed,  Staind, Manson<br />All of the artists i've mentioned here have very good,  meaningful, and powerful songs, just like most of Metallica's stuff.
B0000084J7|5.0|I have to admit that for 20+ dollars, I was very skeptical about purchasing this album... anyone would be!  But I cannot relate how blissfully stunned I was upon hearing this album!  It is simply beautiful.   It is one of the most relaxing albums I have bought in years, and it is  WONDERFUL to fall asleep to!  My favorite tracks are &quot;The Colour of  Spring&quot;, &quot;Westward Bound&quot;, and &quot;The Daily  Planet&quot;... especially &quot;The Daily Planet&quot;!  It is difficult  to describe this album.  There are so many styles that meld together - pop,  jazz, classical - it is impossible to pigeon-hole MARK HOLLIS.  All I can  say is that he is as brilliant as ever.  If you enjoyed Talk Talk's albums  (Spirit of Eden, Laughing Stock) you should enjoy this one, too.  Highly  recommended!
B000002C1X|5.0|There are very few bands that can maintain popularity among diverse groups and diverse social scenes. Pink Floyd is one of them. They are even more popular now than ever before, and The Wall is one of their greatest  accomplishments. Very few albums have every been this ambitious, telling an  epic tale througout 26 tracks and two Discs. The boldness was rewarded, as  this is still an album that hold true for todays times and todays rock and  roll artists. The nightmarish 'wall' that rocker 'Pink Floyd' builds, and  then destroys is something that many greats of the last decade have  encountered. Of course aside from the social relevence, it is a danged good  album. While it does have its major radio hits, Brick in the Wall (Part II)  and Comfortably Numb the biggest among them, the album really has to be  listend to in order, the whole thing. This really tracks the depression and  maddness of 'Pink Floyd', and allows us to get into the head of a rock and  roll star, the pain behind the fame. While obviously not everybody wants to  do that, it is a trip that anyone who listens to lots of rock should take.  The album is disturbing, there is no doubt about that, but it is meant to  be disturbing, is some ways similar to punk, but do not be deceived, this  is not a punk album. So while this is not for everyone, it is still a great  album, up there with Dark Side of the Moon (still Floyd's greatest), and  other achievements such as The Beatles Sgt. Peppers Lonly Hearts Club Band.  A fully earned 5/5 Stars.
B000003337|4.0|I think it's great that Kevin Dubrow took the time to produce such a great release of Quiet Riot's earlier works with Randy Rhoads.  Although these songs do lack some of the luster of Riot's later works, Randy's guitar work  more than makes up for the lackluster lyrics.  The cut &quot;Laughing  Gas&quot; is excellently presented in its live version, which is the way  Randy was meant to be heard. If you listen carefully during the middle of  the guitar solo on that song, you can hear the song &quot;Dee&quot; which  will later appear on the album Blizzard of Ozz that he made with Ozzy  Osbourne.  It's a little rough, but it's there for the keen of hearing.   Also, on the song &quot;Force of Habit&quot; there's a riff that was later  used on the Blizzard of Ozz song &quot;Suicide Solution&quot;.  The rest of  the album doesn't quite live up to these two songs, but it nonetheless is a  good album.  Personally, I would only recommend this to a fan of Quiet  Riot, or a fan of Randy's work with Ozzy.  This album will have much more  meaning that way, and will serve as a comparison to his later works to show  his evolution as a musician.
B00000JZC4|5.0|This collection of &quot;schralpin&quot; tunes beats even their last one.  It will be put in my &quot;classics&quot; section of CD's.  It drives hard through a blizzard of changing tempo's.  Worth every penny.  Don't pass it  up.
B00000J7J4|5.0|ALL SONGS IN THIS ALBUM ARE GOOD - SANTANA &amp; MANA ARE GOOD TOGETHER - LATIN PEOPLE HARDLY EVER GET A CHANCE TO EXPRESS THEIR FEELINGS IN MUSIC. WE NEED TO HAVE MORE LATIN MUSICIANS COME FORWARD &amp; NOT BE INTIMIDATED  BY &quot;OTHER&quot; MUSICIANS!
6305609721|5.0|I was completely astounded by the quality of this DVD.  This is the first time Paramount has used a dual-layered disc for the &quot;Star Trek&quot; films.  The quality is 2 times better than the other Trek DVDs because they  use 2 times the data.  It's unfortunate that Paramount didn't have the  foresight to use dual layered discs for their other Trek DVDs.  Popping  this DVD in the player was like watching the movie for the first time.  The  sound quality and picture quality is absolutely flawless.  The quality of  the transfer is remarkable.  I've been use to watching the film on fuzzy  VHS and poor quality broadcasts, so this was an exciting discovery for me.   I can't wait for the ST III to come out on DVD, I'm sure the film quality  will also be a big improvement.  Go buy this DVD, you haven't seen this  film until you buy it.
B000031XCR|5.0|There really is no way that Ms.Dion could come out with a BAD CD.  It's impossible!  Her wounderful voice is always a pleasure to listen to.  New songs or old, I love them all.  I don't think any Celion Dion fan would be  disappointed with this selection of music!
B000007OY0|5.0|Well what can I say about this movie.  I thought that it was really well performed by Morgan Freeman and Tim Robbins.  It starts out as with Andy (Robbins) in a court room accused of a murder which he denies that he did.   They send him to prison for 40 years and then the movie starts getting  really good.  I mean REALLY good.  I have never seen such a good story  written before but now after I saw this I can understand that there are  some really amazing talent out there.  I liked the ending of the movie  because it is a really satisfying ending it makes you feel a lot for these  two characters Andy and Red (freeman) and after seeing this movie I have  come up with some great ideas for a book about prison life
B0000019PA|5.0|When I first got this record, I thought it was kind of a Roy Harper rip off.  A competent rip off, for sure, but generally not all that interesting.  After about 100 listenings, I've had to change my mind.  There's a great deal of subtlety here and eventually it infects your mind. You just keep coming back to it despite yourself.<br />I see this as a record that twenty years from now, I'll still be pulling off the shelf.  My highest compliment.
B000002GB9|3.0|I must admit that I was a Styx fan in the 80's, but their material now seems old and dated. Still, though, this isn't a bad record, and it features less than nauseating vocals and good musicianship. My personal  favorite is JY's &quot;Miss America.&quot;
B00002E23E|5.0|If you never had the chance to see Led Zepplin or the current Robert Plant/Jimmy Page on tour, this video movie is the next best thing to being thier.  This is Led Zep in thier hay day and is worth every cent.  A must  see...
B000002IOW|3.0|This is the first one that I could listen to after &quot;Signals.&quot; Still not on the same level as their finest work, but a marked improvement over the previous three records.
B00002E23E|5.0|If you never had the chance to see Led Zepplin or the current Robert Plant/Jimmy Page on tour, this video movie is the next best thing to being thier.  This is Led Zep in thier hay day and is worth every cent.  A must  see...
B000002BMV|1.0|I just heard &quot;Who's Crying Now&quot; on the radio and it reminded me just how awful this group was. Steve Perry's whiny, emotionless tenor was truly nauseating.
6305252521|4.0|I guess I'm not surprised how few people get the point of this movie -- especially the critics. This movie is not about the media, Americans' obsession with TV, voyeurism, reality vs. fantasy, commercialism, or  consumerism.<br />Everything is summed up at the very end of the movie when  Truman is faced with a decision.  He has to make a choice between 2  opposing philosophies. Truman must decide if he wants the security of a  controlled, safe, but sterile life or the uncertainty, responsibility, and  risks of freedom (did you notice that the exit door opened into complete  darkness?)<br />Security vs. freedom.  As long as Truman behaves the way  Christof desires, he has all his needs provided.  He has no responsibility  whatsoever. However, if he dares to go out on his own, he will be  punished.<br />An important question for everyone as Americans more and more  choose to surrender freedom and independence for the dull  &quot;security&quot; of a risk-free life provided by the state.
0767903811|3.0|I bought the audiotape as read by the author for a long road trip I was taking. It remains the best audiotape buy I ever made. At times, it was just a biased commentary on American politics and at other times  uproariously, drive-off-the-road funny look at what America takes for  granted as everyday nuttiness.  The book or tape are best for those that  have spent time abroad and find Americans quirky. It will not be good for  insular Americans or people looking for the exotic.
B00001ZWTS|3.0|This movie really isn't that bad, to people who haven't seen it. But the best part is that the more those people hear bad things about it, the lower their expectations will get, hence, they will like it a whole lot more. I  expected to HATE this movie. Everyone I talked to hated it and called it  Wild Wild Waste (LMAO). I thought it was pretty darn entertaining. And with  Sonnenfeld and Smith at the helm, you guys didn't really expect a Godfather  here, did you? It was just a nice, rowdy, silly, over-the-top adventure  that's suitable for all ages. While Men in Black is better, this still  packs a wallop with it's effects and style. The huge spider is awesome. Not  a bad buy, but according to all these other guys, you should probably rent  it first.
0553573403|5.0|Over the last 30 years almost every series in the fantasy genre is the Lord of the Rings told with different characters in a different setting. Jordan and Eddings are just 2 big name authors who've made money on  retelling the same kind of story.  George Martin has changed the look of  fantasy with his first installment of this series.  The book isn't your  typical fantasy novel about a young hero setting out on a long journey that  will save the world.  Its about something that happened 1000 years ago.  Its about people fighting over the crown of a powerful kingdom, stopping at  nothing to try and achieve their goal.  This is going to be what authors  will model their work after over the next few decades like they have been  doing since the Lord of the Rings.  Its the most pwerful book I've ever  read in my life surpassing all these other authors.  He writes about humans  going for real goals, not saving the universe from the ultimate evil.  The  characters are real, the plot believeable, and not one page is wasted.
B00000K2SC|5.0|this movie is a perfect movie for a science fiction lover. it really makes you think about our world. the specail effects were awesome. it is the best movie i have seen yet.
B00000K19E|5.0|WOAH! That sums up this movie pretty well. The plot is one of the best we've had in years. Just the concept of the matrix blew me away, not to mention the superb special effects and a great cast. Keanu Reeves, Laurence  Fishburne, Carrie Anne Moss and Joe Pantalano really set the mood for this  high-paced cyber thriller. It is a philosophical movie that packs an  explosive punch. The action is very John Woo and/or Hong Kong style, ie.  two guns firing instead of one, flowing dark clothes, slow motion action  and freeze frame action. You actually see the bullets hit the person and  the impact it makes. This movie is a must-see for action fans, sci-fi fans,  martial art fans, cyber fans, Wachowski brothers fans, and anyone who  belives they are living in a dream world.
B00000099Y|5.0|First of all, let me say that Tool is NOT METAL!<br />If you want a band that you can mosh to at a concert, I wouldn't recommend them.  They are very hard to categorize.<br />The songs are hard edged, but also very melodic,  textured and accessible.  Each song is so refined and perfect.  The  production quality is fantastic.  All the instruments complement eachother  perfectly. I think most people would like this CD, even fans of Jazz,  metal, etc.<br />of my 50+ CD's this one has gotten more listening than any  others.<br />-chris
0446525537|5.0|&quot;A Walk To Remember&quot; is a must read. I absolutly loved it . . . Sparks, you are a genious! The love/ and or relationship that both Landon and Jamie had is so awesome. There were even curve balls where I had not  expected them. This book has every sort of emotion you ever wanted to feel  in a book. Thanx Sparks, keep up the awesome work.
B000005J08|5.0|I took a chance on buying this CD, as I only heard about it from a friend, and had heard no music from it.  It ended up being truly one of the most worthwhile CD purchases I've made.  My idea of music was so much more  limited before this CD.  I liked only a few of the tracks, and really  didn't appreciate the grindcore tracks except for their over the top  quality.  But after a lot of listening it redefined music for me.  It is  truly refreshing and unlike anything I've heard.  GREAT STEPPING STONE IF  YOU WANT TO GET INTO SOMETHING DIFFERENT!   I highly recommend.<br />-Chris
B00000DHRZ|5.0|this record is great. All the tracks are good, but the best ones are walla walla and the kids aren't allright. The only track not worth it is Pay The Man, but even that has a funny secret track at the end. This is the first  offspring record I heard and it is great.
0385484518|5.0|this book was great. The it made you realize what is going on in the world.  I loved it and would reccomend it to anyone.
0767805690|4.0|Jude Law shines over Hawke and Thurman in this well-crafted film with great cinematography, brooding mood, and emotional resonance.  There are few jarring logical flaws, such as a laughably outdated identification  technology and that a spinal injury can only be remedied in the future by a  suicide.  However, it's an unusually intelligent and absorbing sci-fi film  at par with &quot;The Arrival&quot;.
B00000JJQK|5.0|People who keep on calling this album overrated or even puzzilingly comparing it to the Velvet Underground(?) are missing the point.  This isn't a rock album in any sense of the word, it is a pop album, and it is  fantastic.  It has some of the best produced pop ever, and it's superior to  the Beatles &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot;, but maybe not &quot;Revolver&quot;.   It isn't the best album ever, it didn't change my life but I like listening  to it. So stop the hate, it's not a deep thinking rock album, but a sweetly  simple pop album.  I suggest you buy it just to decide on your own.
6305176299|4.0|How do I get Full Screen service.  My DVD I got for christmas and the movie I got from you is great.  Is their a adjustment I do not know about?<br />Thank you.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I've listened to these songs before and I've seen Smooth played on the Tonight Show. I listened to this C-D in the store, and thought this was a great C-D. I especialy like Smooth. The Calling also was good and it had  Eric Clapton.
B00000K2SC|5.0|Hand your hat to someone who's going to stay on the ground, cause you're getting ready to board the coaster!  What a ride it is.  The climb up that first hill is a little long, but once you start your descent, it is a  breathtaking experience.  Not for anyone unable to suspend their disbelief,  but for anyone who loves a thought outside the box, jump on board!  Bon  Voyage.
0316920045|1.0|All the prosemongers and haiku-hacks.  Here the one star, faded four.  Strike it through with balanced line, measure of the whole - please bring it back.
B00000IPAX|3.0|This cd is quite good actually. But the fact that they became so popular and trendy sucks!  If you're a 10 years old punk-wannabe, go ahead and buy the cd it'll make you popular. But if you're not, buy mxpx, green day or  living end. Thanks for listening.
B000031WD8|2.0|I agree with Mr. Olson's coments below that the appeal of this film is limited to a certain age range. For those above 25 or 30, this picture may seem tedious, poorly acted, and above all, boring. The laughs are  prdictable and are designed to provoke us through toilet jokes and crude  sexual references; even to the younger viewer the movie seems to be  insuling. Yes, in high school scoring and making out was on my mind a fair  amount of time but so were other things: college plans, training to be a  professional musician, concerns about my future, etc. I do think sex was  either on the mind of those who made the film or they just hought it was  what preoccupied all teenagers.<br />The script and dialogue are unconvincing  and they are not help by the mediocre acting of most of the cast. I should  have rented the movie before purchasing it but was taken in by all the hype  surrounding it.
B00000IQW0|3.0|There's a ton of footage that was cut and re-arranged from the original ABC TV Galactica pilot to make the theatrical version of Galactica (which is the version on the DVD).  Universal would've been very wise to put the  full, uncut version of the pilot on DVD, giving both die-hard and casual  fans a glimpse of some footage which hasn't been seen in almost 22 years  (although much of the cut footage HAS been re-instated for the frequent  3-part Sci-Fi Channel re-run of the pilot, some of it is still missing even  in that version).  The scenes shot for the movie should've been included,  but specially marked as such.  That way, anyone just dying to see Baltar's  head cut off could program it in instead of the TV version of the scene,  where he's spared.  All the same, it's an excellent version of the  theatrical Galactica, which was great fun...but there's so much that  should've been on the DVD that isn't.
B00000IPAX|5.0|When I first got this cd (the day it came out), I had no idea who Blink 182 were.  You see, I was living under a rock for a few years, and I missed &quot;Dammit&quot;.   From the first time I gave this cd a spin to now, I  love this cd.  It is not as punk as their other cds, but I do not consider  them sellouts, not by far.  Any punk band NEEDS to sell out a little to  make it in this pop-dominated world.  All the tracks are enjoyable if  you've liked their most recent singles.  Just be prepared to hear the  dreaded &quot;f word&quot; alot, and for some...well alot of inneuendo.   They're so immature, any teenager can relate to them.
B000002UAI|5.0|I think Beatles For Sale is a great album. Every Beatles album is different from the others. The playing is great and covers like Kansas City and Rock &amp; Roll Music show they could rock.
006092988X|5.0|A Tree Grows in Brooklyn is my favorite book of all time, and even though it is not the &quot;most sophisticated book&quot; that there is (I read it for the 1st time when I was 10) I can read it over and over and NEVER get  bored!   A 10 STAR RATING IF THERE WAS A CHOICE!
0767819594|4.0|I liked the movie very much and if you do not take it seriously, you will enjoy it very much. Phillipe and Gellar are great as competing rich kids.
0887306667|3.0|The book has useful information and is very straightforward and to the point.  But, the examples used are so outdated that it is difficult to determine whether some of the ideas apply in today's technology-driven  marketplace.  One example states that Microsoft is setting itself up to  fail like IBM because it is not concentrating on just operating systems.   Anyone knows that not only did Microsoft not turn into IBM, but IBM also  has turned things around by changing and expanding product lines.  Such  examples make it seem like the authors don't know what they're talking  about, but I think they do -- it just needs updated info.
0671015206|4.0|I'd recommend the book for entertainment and interesting fact reading. For those who don't understand that living below your means is important to wealth building, this is a good primer and motivator. By studying the  &quot;common&quot; millionaire, you can copy their habits even if your last  name is not Rockefeller (sp?) or Trump. I do believe, as the book shows,  that the average joe can do well by saving and investing. There is some  fluff in the book, in particular the chapter on what kind of used cars the  rich buy and why. But still entertaining.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|During a conversation not too long ago, I told someone &quot;In the future I shall marry Jewel, but Fiona will be my mistress.&quot;   I was completely serious, mind you.  I am both a Jewel and a Fiona fan....I like  beautiful women who can sing.  These days though my interest is drifting  towards Fiona, because Jewel's no longer doing it for me.  Whilst I was  originally enamored with Jewel's gorgeousness, beautiful voice and total  realness, I've lately become quite dissappointed with how she's been  depicted in society, and how she's been marketed as a sort of sexpot.    That makes me sad....Jewel does not look good in makeup.<br />But Fiona, Fiona  has not dissappointed me.  Since the Shadowboxer video premiered something  like 4 years ago I've been struck by her big, booming voice and smart  poetic lyrics.   When I bought the Tidal album it resided in my cd player  constantly for a good 2 months.  I loved it.  Even now I get wispy whenever  I hear &quot;Never is a Promise&quot;, and my heart skips a beat in the  chorus to &quot;Carrion.&quot;<br />However, as is the case with many artists,  the sophomore album tends to be a letdown.  I was fearful of this with  Fiona, because Tidal had been such an experience.  Many factors, ranging  from the nutty title (which I happen to think is quite meaningful) to the  constant media whining that made me worry that perhaps it wouldn't live up  to my expectations...<br />I was so wrong to worry.   Every song on this disc  has value, every single song.  From the opening &quot;On the Bound&quot;,  to &quot;Limp&quot;'s bitterness, to the goofy Beatle-esque (yet still  quite sad) &quot;Paper Bag&quot;, to the trippy near rap of &quot;Fast As  You Can&quot;, to the soft, closing &quot;I Know&quot;, Fiona shows that  she is a TRUE find out there.   Her voice is SO powerful, and she uses it  so well and with such variety....I loved this album.  Also adding to the  mix was Jon Brion, who gave this album the same sort of trippy feel Tidal  had, which goes over real well for Fiona.   I'm going to be buying the  Magnolia soundtrack simply because he worked on it, which says a  lot....<br />Point being, Fred Dursts and Kid Rocks will come and go just like  Puffy, but real artists who know how to infuse real meaning into excellent  songs are a rare find indeed, and thankfully we have that in  Fiona.<br />Though hopefully Jewel'll shape up too....we're in love,  y'know....
B000023VTQ|1.0|This movie was very drawn out and predictable.I thought it was very bland
B00002E233|3.0|I really tried to like this movie.  I didn't hate it, just didn't like it.  The audio and video quality were quite good, and the extra's were very well done.  I really love deleted scenes when they are accompanied by a  director's commentary.  <br />As seems to be the norm with Warner Brothers  Special Editions, the menus take a little getting used to.  In order to get  to the special features, you first have to go to the &quot;Special  Features&quot; sub-menu, and then click on the &quot;Decompression  Chamber&quot; to get to the actual features.<br />LL Cool J impressed me, and  Saffron Burrows and Samuel Jackson have definitely had better roles.  I  think that there was a plot in there somewhere, but I wasn't interested in  watching that deep to find it.  But is that a bad thing?  I didn't watch  Deep Blue Sea in the hopes of finding Lawrence of Arabia under the  ocean.<br />Pure mindless entertainment without a purpose.
0812550706|5.0|Ender's Game is truly a wonderful read.  The detail on the strategy and the squad type warfare is enough to keep anyone with an enjoyment of battle interested from the first page to the last.  I've rarely read a book with  that kind of detail, and yet action enough for a die-hard Rambo fan.  I  would recommed it to anyone who enjoys SF, or to anyone who enjoys war  stories.
B00000JCB2|1.0|Limp Bizkit is just another pop culture icon being sold to people through MTV. They attempt to combine lame hip-hop and lame metal to create an album which only people will buy because it is &quot;popular&quot;. The lyrics  are trashy and terrible as is the whole album. Was any effort or output put  into this record at all? For good metal try Soulfly, Pantera, or Spineshank  or for good hip-hop try The Roots, Pharcyde, or Tribe Called Quest but  don't waste your money on this album. This album is simply a sorry excuse  for music (if you can call it that).
0446525537|5.0|Once again Sparks touched my every emotion. One minute I was crying, and the next I was laughing. At the end of this &quot;marvelous&quot; novel all I wanted to do was hold my husband and declare how lucky I am to have him  in my life.  I can not wait for a fourth novel from this VERY talented  author. Well done, Sparks, well done!
006092988X|1.0|This book was totally boring. Even though it was 1 of the greatest books I've read.HAhahahaha
B00000342V|5.0|this man had it all the voice to send chills thru you.words that made you take notice and music that took you&amp;your mind on a trip.and this soundtrack is time-less.it speaks to the listener as does the movie.as  writer,musician,producer,arranger,vocalist he was as bad as anyone ever.
B0000029AL|5.0|This is my favorite Aerosmith album.  Everything is just so good.  I really don't think there is anything bad on this album.  &quot;Dream On&quot; is probably the greatest rock ballad, ever.  &quot;Somebody&quot;  has a great solo.  &quot;Ony Way Street&quot; and &quot;Movin' Out&quot;  groove like nothing else.
B0000399WI|5.0|Every decade has a film that stands out.  I believe that The Shawshank Redemption is such a film.  Other reviews have put it better that I ever could.<br />The quality of the DVD transfer is very good.  The soundtrack is  excellent with subtlety and remarkable detail.  (note the sound when the  warden throws Andy's rocks).  The lack of extras is quite disappointing.  I  hope that there will be a Critereon Edition of this DVD some day.
068484267X|5.0|A little clarification: &quot;novel:  fictional prose narrative in which characters and situations are depicted within the framework of a plot.&quot; (from Encarta) <br />Friends, this is a memoir, not a novel.  It  is an account of lives actually lived, not a fiction.  Frank McCourt has  given us a long slice of life where the world is throwing its all at a  family, and the individuals are responding with varying degrees of courage,  determination, rage, hope, love and countless other admirable and  despicable traits.  Those who are disgusted by the details or the tone, I  can't explain.  But I can offer that this does not demean the Irish who did  make wonderful lives for themselves on both shores.  My mother's family  'made it' - but she 'got' this story as did I - whose life can't hold a  candle to even the mildest of the McCourt's trials.  And to those who would  rather not look upon such hardship, while Limerick is a very different  place today, a large portion of our planet still lives under such  conditions - or worse.  We do take such suffering and frame it on our walls  - only the frame is a TV and we only wish to look at it for mere seconds at  a time - where the gravity cannot reach too deeply into us.  Bravo Mr.  McCourt for showing us how to scale the most extreme hurdles dropped in our  way.  This is in some way a test of seeing the glass half empty or half  full - to live thru this with humor intact is the greatest triumph.
B00000F3TS|5.0|After seeing the goonies, I was inspired to go on a treasure hunt of my own! Packing up some cookies and a thermos full of milk, I headed into my back yard! Making it to the sandbox, I began to dig and dig for hours! But  alas, no treasure! Covered in dirt, I headed back into the house! My mother  screamed! I didn't go treasure hunting much after that.
B00002E23E|5.0|The band that paved the way.....Produced during one of the many peaks of the Zeppelin era.  Filmed at Madison Square Garden, this concert covers the many facets of the Zep movement including selected songs from Zep I to Zep  IV (Zoso).  This footage is also visual artistry of the music found on  &quot;The Song Remains the Same&quot; CD/Tape.  The movie is filmed around  &quot;visions&quot; of the band members labled as &quot;fantasy  sequences&quot; set to a selected song(s) from each band member. In  contrast to the time this was filmed, this footage is somewhat raw, yet it  helps convey the concert experience of those fortunate enough to be a part  of the Live Zeppelin experience.  Early in the concert, the sound is rough  and un-mastered, but when they hit the 2nd and 3rd song, the sound is  fantastic.  You will see the most incredible guitar and drum solo's ever  filmed.  This is a essential must for any Classic Rock Fan!
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Although Fiona Apple's new album, When The Pawn Hits The Conflicts He Thinks Like A King blah blah blah, has a very long title, it derserves it.  The title is extrordinary, a hint at what the music is like.  Her style has  grown from flowing dark ballads to pop-style dark ballads.  So even though  reciting the name of it can cause you to pass out from lack of air, this  album is a must have.
6304938241|5.0|Helena Bonham Carter is nothing short of brilliant. In my opinion, the lavish sets and the gorgeous costumes alone made this movie worth watching.  However, all the characters were well-developed to the extent that your  heart was also broken at the end along with the players.  Most intriquing  story, a different take on the love triangle. Carter conveys the raw  emotions so powerfully, her presence so important to the film.  I wish she  was not overlooked by the Academy.  She is a remarkable actress to be sure.
6303332609|5.0|When this movie first came about back in 1988, I was a mere 9 years old! After seeing it, I ran around the table in a panic every night screaming, &quot;Klowns! Klowns Everywhere!&quot; My parents had to strap me down to  my bed! God bless the Klowns!
B00000DHRZ|5.0|This is a great album. Dexter has a dope voice every song on this album rocks but some of the songs that really rock are Americana, Walla Walla, End of the line, and Staring at the Sun. If you liked the singles you'll  love this album 'cause there are songs better than those on this album
6305205620|5.0|you cant get any closer to the band than this, unless you are ther
B0000060NF|5.0|Marvin Gaye's brilliance reached its summit with this album. The album evokes images of society in music never before seen before and, in my opinion never since. Gaye's abilities to triple track his voices to the  amazing array of musical arrangements is surreal and really takes the  listeners into what Marvin is conveying with his songs. With this, the  album moved me like no other and i am sure that people who have listen to  it would agree. Those who haven't, should since they are listening to a  musical genius and can really experinced what great music really is. I  recently read somewhere that marvin said that he did not really feel like  he was the one writing this album but that God was writting it through him,  Marvin may have been right.
0688171664|5.0|The follow-up, Lila, is better.  Somehow the whole aspect of undefined quality in the first book makes it hard to be sure you're understanding.
B000020617|5.0|This the first Foo Fighters album i've ever heard so I have no expectation. Most of the songs are ok. But Learn to Fly, Generater, and Stacked Actors really shine. Stacked Actors sounds a lot like Nirvana's  &quot;Teen Spirit&quot; which is a great song. This album is good but could  have been greatif there were more harder songs like &quot;Stacked  Actors.&quot;
B000000W94|5.0|Weird but brilliant. This album is dedicated to Peter Green (founder of the original Fleetwood Mac) and is so clever that you really can believe that it is in fact Green himself - his songs, his guitar (really!) and his  voice.<br />Gary Moore has painstakingly produced one of the very best tribute  albums possible - not only does it often improve on the originals but it  helped stimulate the great UK bluesman out of retirement.<br />If you're into  classic UK R&amp;B then don't miss this.
B00000IP2L|4.0|the riffs come fast and furious, the guitar is definately more downtuned than his previous works which gives it a street heavy metal sound that is pure genius, it rocks
0553212737|5.0|Who can deny the fact that almost every earthling has taken up the fancy of arranging others' lives as roles of puppets?  &quot;Life is a stage&quot; so Shakespeare claims, Emma Woodhouse just finds herself  enthralled to such dramatic performances, and being so confident of her  &quot;directing&quot; skill, scene after scene of Highbury romantic  comedies come alive under the hands of Emma before she is even aware of  them herself. <br />A charming sample of Austen's lighter works, Emma presents  the story of a Victorian era Cher, busy meddling with the love-conquests of  her young apprentice Harriet Smith, fumbling into a carelessly-knit net of  pretence, then rising to find her Prince Charming in a quiet corner of her  throbbing young heart.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|This is a great album. Dexter has a dope voice every song on this album rocks but some of the songs that really rock are Americana, Walla Walla, End of the line, and Staring at the Sun. If you liked the singles you'll  love this album 'cause there are songs better than the singles  on this  album
B000002GFC|4.0|How good were they?... I saw them play at a well known blues club - the Ricky Tick in Windsor (England) - several times in summer 1966. R&amp;B was the scene at the time. A local UK group - Geno Washington &amp; The Ram Jam  Band - covered US R&amp;B and Soul numbers and were considered the  business. Cream arrived and played music that few had heard before. In the  middle of one number (NSU?) the crowd got agitated and started chanting  Geno... Geno... Eric Clapton turned to Jack Bruce and said something along  the lines of &quot;they're booing&quot;. They then launched into the  loudest, longest and most complicated guitar solo the small crowd had ever  heard. The result... stunned silence for the rest of their set and several  dozen instant Cream fans. <br />A great, innovative group.
B00002EPMF|4.0|chuck and the boys from death add ex-primal fear singer tim ayamar to create a fusion of death style power with classic heavy metal vocal styles ala judas priest era rob halford. it is definetly worth picking up
B0000004V2|5.0|If you're looking for a few albums that define rock and roll in the 20th century, you've gotta put this album in your list.  And if you haven't heard it, don't waste anymore of your life waiting.<br />For any rock and roll  fan, it is a perfect album.
1559408758|5.0|First and foremost, This Is Spinal Tap is a hilarious movie, reason enough to own it on video.  But this edition (like most from Criterion including Silence of the Lambs and Brazil) features an excellent-quality conversion  to DVD format and contains the greatest extras of any DVD I have ever seen.   In addition to the standard director's/actors commentary audio tracks,  there is also a complete side of the disc with previously unreleased  footage.  I am always weary of 'previously unreleased footage' because I  presume that there was a good reason to exclude the footage in the first  place.  In this case, however, my sides were splitting from the unreleased  cuts which featured Billy Crystal, Bruno Kirby and Fran Drescher among  other well-known performers.  You don't watch this DVD as much as you  EXPERIENCE it.  This is what you bought a DVD player for, right?
B000002AHC|5.0|Running for just over 28 minutes the original LP release of this, arguably the best of the Byrds albums justified the addage that less is more.<br />Side one flowed seemlessly from Artificial Energy to Get To You and was a  brilliant example of just how to integrate a suite of songs into a  satisfying whole. Featuring superb production from Gary Usher, faultless  harmonies and (for the time) highly innovative instrumental breaks it ranks  as one of the most impressive LP sides ever made. <br />Side two continued in  exactly the same vein for the first four tracks (and a full ten minutes!)  before hitting a serious brick wall with the dull, ponderous and wholly  incongrous Space Odyssey, leaving the listener with the distinct impression  that something had gone horribly wrong or that they had just ran out of  songs. <br />Both conclusions were true and the bonus tracks on the remastered  versions of The Notorious Byrd Brothers and Younger Than Yesterday provide  the answer. Cut out Space Odyssey and put David Crosby's Lady Friend (from  the remastered Younger Than Yesterday) as the opener to side two and his  Triad (from the remastered Notorious Byrd Brothers) as its closer and...  bingo... everything fits, both sides work and the album is transformed into  a true masterpiece. <br />These two songs (two of the best of David Crosby's  compositions) were recorded in the same period as the other tracks on the  album and were presumably rejected from it as a result of his acrimonious  departure part way through its recording... group politics' finest  hour.<br />This album cries out for a reissue with this track listing as  evidence of just how good it could and should have been.
B00003003R|3.0|Guns N' Roses was a very volatile and rousing live band.  A pity, then, that precious little of the music on Live Era offers anything close to the blood, sweat and tears of a live G N' R show.<br />Not a single performance on  here that comes even close to the quality of the studio recordings.   &quot;Sweet Child O' Mine&quot; and &quot;November Rain&quot;, two of the  band's most intimate songs and the equivalent of looking into Axl Rose's  diary, are especially damaged -- &quot;Sweet Child O' Mine&quot; becoming a  cacophonous, almost bar-band tune while &quot;November Rain&quot; indulges  in that most annoying of rock-band conventions, the endless instrumental  intro.  By the time the song kicks in (after about three minutes), you'd be  ready to go to sleep.<br />The faster songs like &quot;Nightrain&quot; and  &quot;You Could Be Mine&quot; survived this baptism-by-live-recording much  better.  Even those are hampered by a lacklustre drum sound and too much  crowd noise, threatening to drown out Axl's voice (which in a live setting  tends to push itself beyond its own endurance anyway).<br />Seeing as the old  Guns N' Roses incarnations are now probably relegated to history, this will  be all we have to close the chapter on a truly great if unpredictable rock  band.  Without Slash and Duff, Axl himself is in a precarious situation --  the future of Guns N' Roses remains uncertain.
B000026WTW|2.0|The limited edition import (POCP-9207) is part of a Who 12 CD re-issue by Poyldor in Japan.  For the new fan, this version includes a reproduction of the original LP artwork and poster.  There is also a section from a Who  discography that should be interest to all Who fans. (Yes, there are  mistakes in it, so be careful.)<br />Although the music hasn't aged as well as  earlier Who efforts (for good reason: no Keith Moon and lots of Townshend  ennui), there is always something worthwhile to hear in any collection of  Townshend songs.  That said, the real reason for getting this particular  release is to complete one's set of Japanese re-issues.
B000001FAK|5.0|Mick Taylor's decision to quit the Bluesbreakers for the Rolling Stones in May 1969 consolidated John Mayall's reputation as a mentor for new talent, but left him without a band. His response was to recruit two experienced  session musicians - Jon Mark and Johnny Almond - and to use them, and  remaining bassist Steve Thompson, to push his music into new areas of  jazz-blues fusion. Dispensing with a drummer, he immediately put this  \\"revolutionary\\", and in the end short lived line-up on the road, recording  the Turning Point at the Fillmore East only two months later.<br />Viewed  initially as a gimmick, the lack of drums was in fact key to the clear,  intimate sound Mayall was seeking. Structured to allow virtuoso playing,  his highly atmospheric songs are driven along by the bass and acoustic  guitars, with instrumental solos emerging from and gliding above the  intricate backing rhythms. Mayall's vocals, guitar &amp; harmonica underpin  some excellent blues and R&amp;B, while Almond's inspired sax &amp; flute  breaks lift several numbers into the realms of pure jazz. As the Melody  Maker commented at the time, \\"the range of sounds and moods they obtain is  staggering\\", but the group's most remarkable feature is their seemingly  effortless interaction and the drifting, almost distant, feel that this  stimulates.<br />The ecstatic response of the New York crowd mirrors my own  reaction on seeing the band a few weeks earlier in the slightly less  exalted surroundings of the Slough Adelphi. Standing in a circle, with  simple lighting, low amplification, no drummer and one member (Mark) seated  on a chair they seemed small and insignificant. But when they played, they  just soared, taking the audience with them.<br />To capture their unique style  required a live recording - the Turning Point showcases them in superb form  creating beautiful, introspective music that stands out across time.
B00000IMYA|5.0|Well, the 43 year wait is over and we can finally hear the Newport Jazz Festival show as it ACTUALLY happened!  Up till now all we had was about 20% live and 80% re-recorded studio material.  Gonsalves' 27 chorus solo  has been talked about over the past four decades much in the same way as  Babe Ruth's &quot;called shot,&quot; the stuff of myth and legend.<br />Well,  here it is.  WOW! <br />10 STARS!
B000026WTL|5.0|The reviews posted to the limited edition import release create some confusion as what the item actually is.  Several reviews concern the US Sep 99 gold CD re-issue by Mobile Fidelity Sound Lab (MFSL).  In fact, the  limited edition import is part of a 12 CD re-issue by Polydor in Japan  (POCP-9199).<br />As with the rest of the series, this release comes in a  cardboard sleeve that duplicates the original LP sleeve.  The CD itself is  the Nov 95 re-master version.  The liner notes for that release are  reproduced, along with a lyric booklet and a section from a Who  discography. Since the original release had no special posters or  enclosures, the limited edition import release adds little beyond the music  itself.<br />Despite being a LP cobbled together from Pete Townshend's  original Lifehouse project, Who's Next is simply the best studio effort the  band ever produced.  Thank heaven for co-producer John Glyns.  With the  bonus of the extra track Pure And Easy, the listener can also try to  appreciate what Pete was trying to do with Lifehouse.  Without any weak  tracks on the original LP, this deservedly earns a five-star rating and the  unofficial title as the Who's best overall LP.<br />So it is not hard to  understand why MCA and Polydor have issued several different versions since  1995.  There is MCA Gold Disc (MCAD-11312) from Aug/Sep 95 (original LP,  original mix, no extra tracks), MCA Heavy Vinyl (MCA-11164, original LP)  from Oct 95, the Jon Astley re-master, with extra tracks (MCA 11269 or  Polydor 527760-2) from Nov 95, the MFSL Gold CD mentioned above, and a  recent Polydor vinyl (SVLP-088, original LP) from Sep 99.<br />The causal fan  is well served with the 95 re-mastered version.  The completist can scream  along with me as we buy yet one more version to add to the collection.
B0000203Y5|5.0|This is my first time hearing sounds from Cuba and seeing the condition of the country.  Yet,great artists were born under the worst conditions.  Seeing them on stage in New York as their dreams come true is truely  inspirational.  I highly recommand this film.
0446607274|3.0|Michael Connelly has surrended to the New York editors who demand a book a year, no matter if what the writers ends up writing is trash they would never buy from a new author.  This story is the weakest of his output.   Does not measure up to The Last Coyote or Black Echo.  Michael stand your  ground!  Don't turn out garbage!
B00002Z88D|5.0|To music fans the collusion of the San Fransico Orchestra and Metallica is an outstanding mix.  For those who do not understand or appreciate music this CD may not be for you, but for the rest it is a gem. Classical music  is the founder of dark, medieval music and combining the driving music of  Metallica and the rich fullness of the orchestra is a combination of  synergy. The orchestra adds a new layer of sound that embodies Metallica's  already full sound. A must-have cd for any true Metallica fan, and for  those who are not familiar with Metallica, there is absolutely no better  place to start.
6302759110|4.0|This is a beautifully filmed, (mostly) well acted tale of romance and suspense.  It is not however Bram Stoker's story.  Coppola managed to fool a few people who haven't read the story but not this one.  Although a few  elements that had been left out of previous film versions of the book are  here, for the most part this is just a reworking of the story.  Kinda of a  &quot;what if this is how it happened instead...&quot; deal.
B000002NHN|5.0|I love Enya and I was interested in Loreena because by reading various reviews and visiting many fan sites, I noticed that many of the words used to describe Enya are also used to describe Loreena.  Now that I have  listened to the both of these artists, I can verify those descriptions are  true.  Both Enya and Loreena do music that is very ethereal, enchanting,  magical, haunting, and angelic.  I have all of Enya's albums and most of  her EPs, though this is the first time I have listened to Loreena.  I  expect to get more of her albums, though. Also, when I read reviews, I  notice that there are people who like Enya, but don't like Loreena or like  Loreena, but don't like Enya.  I, however like the both of them.  I noticed  that Enya's music is more classical and poignant, while Loreena's music is  more folk-like and creates a greater heavenly atmosphere.  As I said  before, though, both of these artists do music that is very ethereal,  enchanting, haunting, angelic, and magical. They are two Celtic miracles on  earth.  How can you like only one of them?
B00000J7RZ|3.0|'ON THE 6' IS CONSIDERED ONE GREAT SONY PRODUCTION.HOWEVER JENNIFER NEED TO BRUSH UP HER VOCAL.IT'S NOT GOOD ENOUGH.THE FAST SONGS ARE STILL NOT BAD,BUT FOR THE BALLARDS,FOR GOODNESS SAKE,PLEASE DO SOMETHING BOUT'IT!  NUMERICALLY,'ON THE 6' WAS QUITE WELL RECEIVED.IT HAD SOLD A REMARKABLE 2.5  MILLION COPIES IN THE STATES.THE DEBUT SINGLE 'IF YOU HAD MY LOVE' HIT THE  TOP SPOT OF BILLBOARD HOT 100 SINGLES CHART,SELLING AN ASTOUDING 1.5  MILLION COPIES,REMAINING AT THE TOP FOR 5 WEEKS.SECOND SINGLE 'WAITING FOR  TONIGHT' WAS ALSO A US TOP 8 SINGLE. OTHER SONGS IN THIS ALBUM THAT MADE A  GREAT HIT ARE 'NO ME AMES',A DUET WITH MARC ANTHONY.THE SONG IS IN  LATIN/SPANISH.IT SOUNDS REALLY GREAT.YOU CAN ALSO TRY 'PROMISE ME YOU  TRY'.APART FROM THE 4 RECOMMENDATION,I GUESS THAT ALL.
B000002C25|5.0|Many people say this is Oasis' weakest album. But after listening to it again and again, the rythm got in tune with my mind and all the songs are excellent yet a bit long. All Oasis albums are great.
6304806426|1.0|The English Patient was said to be one of the best movies ever. I see alot of people would disagree and many would agree but I thought that this movie was just horrible. It just went on and had NO POINT. There was no point. It  was just soooo long. It was not captivating and the acting was good but not  great. It was a typical -The main characters name- movie. He always, for  some reason stars in movies having to do with EUROPEAN HISTORY(WORLD WAR 1  and 2) binded with a EUROPEAN STYLE LOVE AFFAIR, expressed musicaly with  what I call THAT MUSIC THAT SCREAMS OUT *THIS MOVIE HAS TO WIN AN OSCAR*.  That's my opinion. Thanks for reading.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|WELL FIRST ALBUM WAS GREAT(ALMOST 12 MILLION RECORDS SOLD).SECOND ALBUM WAS EVEN BETTER!  FIRST SINGLE 'I KNEW I LOVED YOU' WAS RELEASED.IT HIT THE TOP 20 ASIA HITLIST CHART AND EVENTUALLY GONE #1 FOR 2 WEEKS.EVEN AT THIS  MOMENT,IT IS STILL ROAMING AROUND IN THE TOP 10 AFTER 4 MONTHS OF  RELEASE.IN THE STATES,THERE WAS NO COMMERCIAL RELEASE OF THE SINGLE,BUT DUE  TO THE STRONG AIRPLAY,THE SONG STILL MANAGED TO HIT THE TOP 5 POSITION OF  THE BILLBOARD HOT 100 SINGLES CHART.IN UK IT ALSO RECEIVED TOP 10 STATUS.IN  THEIR HOMELAND AUSTRALIA,IT WAS ALREADY A #1 HIT IN ITS FIRST WEEK OF IT  RELEASE.IN SINGAPORE,'I KNEW I LOVED YOU' WAS THE MOST PLAYED SONG FOR THE  PAST 3 MONTHS.ALBUM WAS ALSO #1 DUE TO THE MANY SALES FIGURES.ON BILLBOARD  TOP 200 ALBUMS CHART,'AFFIRMATION' HIT #6 IN ITS FIRST WEEK,HAD ALREADY  CERTIFIED PLATINUM SALES(MILLION COPIES SOLD)IN 5 WEEKS.THE BIG HIT 'THE  ANIMAL SONG'IS ALSO INCLUDE IN THE ALBUM. DARREN HAYES AND DANIEL JONES ARE  THE TALENTED BUNCH.ALL THE SONGS,BOTH FROM THEIR DEBUT AND SECOND ALBUM  WERE WRITTEN AND COMPOSED BY THEMSLVES! . THE ALBUM ARE MUCH MORE OF POP  FOR THIS ALBUM (THEIR FIRST ALBUM WERE MORE ALTERNATIVE)MOST OF THE SONGS  ARE FAST.'AFFIRMATION'(TRACK #1)PROVED TO BE A SUCCESS IF WERE TO RELEASE  AS A SINGLE! THE ALBUM IS REALLY AWESOME,EVERY SONG IS UNIQUE IN ITS OWN  WAY.I AM SURE THEY'RE GONNA BE NOMINATED FOR THIS YEAR GRAMMY FOR 'BEST POP  DUO/GROUP','BEST POP ALBUM','ALBUM OF THE YEAR','SONG OF THE YEAR' OR MAYBE  EVEN 'RECORD OF THE YEAR' AND BEYOND!  SO IF YOU HAVEN'T REALLY GOT IN  TOUCH WITH THIS VERY STUNNING GREAT ALBUM,GET HOLD OF IT!
B00000K2SC|5.0|This has got to be the best movie that I have EVER seen! The special effects get a 10, the music and sound get a 10, the acting gets a 10, basically everything gets a 10! If you love    sci-fi action movies this  one's for you!
B00000JCB2|5.0|This is Definatly their best CD yet. It totaly rocks and anyone who doesn't have it go get it. Every song on it is a great one!
B00002Z88D|5.0|THIS CD IS THE BEST CD I'VE EVER BOUGHT. IT'S GOT THE AWSOME METAL SOUNDS OF METALLICA COMBINED WITH THE SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA. I DON'T CARE WHAT ANYONE SAYS. THIS CD IS THE BEST.
B00000K19E|5.0|This the best DVD ever! I have to say I have never seen such a movie. Anyone who is thinking about getting this really should get this.
0783113943|5.0|To put it simply, this is one of my top ten favorite movies of all time.  Angelina Jolie was amazing as Gia.  The cast all seemed to be made for their parts. Everyone should watch this movies at least once in their  lives! Personally, I have seen it about 15 times.  What can I say?  I love  it!
B00000ILDE|5.0|this DVD is awesome! the picture is very very clear and crisp, the audio sounds a million times better than when i saw this in theaters, and the extra 17 minutes, very good. i'm glad to see what the colony was like  before it turned into a slaughter house, we get to see Ripley's real  daughter(well when she's 60 something) and the marine characters are better  developed and we get to see them in more action. this is the best of the  whole series, yes it even tops Alien(great 20th anniversary DVD btw). and  what i love about this movie is the fact that it all ends nice and happy  and they think they're safe, and all the survivors are gonna die(Alien 3).
630289915X|4.0|In fact, the black &amp; white setting suits &quot;It's A Wonderful Life&quot; as perfectly as technocolor would have for this Frank Sinatra-esque cult classic.  James Stewart has this &quot;Rocky &amp;  Bugsy&quot;-era voice and a vigourous demeanor &amp; Donna Reed is just  brung in to play the hard-to-get young girl and the reserved wife.  My  focus refused to stay entact while watching this movie, but the ideas I did  withdraw from this movie is that George Bailey (James Stewart) is caught in  the tangled web of a financial scandal...  and on the brink of suicide.  That is... until a cliched assigned guardian angel appears out of the sky  and falls in the waters of Bedford Falls... to save George (ironically).  Before this happens, George is on a bridge contemplating (supposedly)  suicide (due partially to a busted-lip from a brute in Martini's bar whose  wife George insulted on the phone, heh heh), and when he sees Clarence (the  &quot;quote on quote&quot;... angel), he jumps in after him and retrieves  him.  Henceforth, George rebuffs the idea of an angel and wishes he was  never born, and granted... he was never born.  And boy, does he take the  in-your-face gruff reality of having no identity for a sham, but to his  shagrin... it's as serious as a heart attack.  George is a non-existent  would-have-been making a futile attempt to spark some remembrance in his  lost friends &amp; family.  Predictably, George repents and returns to  existance... with a little (or lot of) monetary help from the whole town  for his business trouble (whose lives apparently were impacted greatly by  him somehow).  Upon the saccharine conclusion (where George, his wife,  &amp; kid are basking in the solace of christmas communion), my eyes almost  started to well-spring... I haven't the faintest idea why (I'm only 17).  A  nice retrospective on the golden age of Christmas classics.  Somebody  please make &quot;It's A Wonderful Life 2000.&quot;
B000001FS6|5.0|I don't understand the critism of this album..it's not self indulgent/self important at all...just because they wanted to cover &quot;Helter Skelter&quot; does not make them conceited or self serious..they wanted to  make an album that is an homage to their heros, &quot;Angel Of Harlem&quot;  is an homage to Billie Holliday, &quot;God Part II&quot;is in memory to  John Lennon and did covers of Bob Dylan and The Beatles..but they haven't  been self indulgent in doing that..they write and perform brilliant  music...and the best songs are really the honest ones where Bono can really  let &quot;go&quot; of himself and sing his lungs out..The Edge wrote a  beautiful song called &quot;Van Diemens Land&quot; and does some brilliant  guitar work on &quot;Desire&quot; &quot;Hawkmoon&quot; and &quot;I Still  Haven't..&quot; in which a choir group joins U2 in singing<br />so in closing  I really recommend this album, it shows U2 before their change in musical  genres and was a step in the right direction
630289915X|4.0|This is an old story of &quot;be careful what you wish, for because you just might get it.&quot;  Set during Christmas-time, George Bailey gets into a little financial trouble and wishes he had never been born and it actually happens.  Then a guardian angel named Clarence rescues George after he jumps into the water and shows him that his life is worth living.  Somehow, when George returns back to the real world, he recieves a lot of monetary help from the town, who somehow have been impacted by him.  In the end, it's a picturesque moment, as we see George and his family in the Christmas spirit.  &quot;It's A Wonderful Life&quot; will definately make you a little teary-eyed (just a little).  With great acting by James Stewart and Donna Reed, this movie will forever stand as a black &amp; white classic.
6300268985|4.0|Only Ken Russell could have created this strange film which mixes fact with comic book fiction.  One can only wonder how a major studio ever gave the green light to this production, but I am so glad it did! This is not a  good film, but it is fascinating to watch.  While it is typical for a Ken  Russell film to be over the top, none of his other films go this far over.   Rick Wakeman's adaption of Liszt and Wagner music is very interesting and  the set designs are beyond strange. I suspect this film contains the most  phallic symbols of any musical.  Ha!  And to fellow Who fans  --- This  movie captures Roger Daltrey at his 70's best!
B000021Y74|5.0|In the year of the Matrix.  This movie was my best of the year.  Fresh and very kinetic.
0684833395|5.0|Without a doubt, the greatest book I have ever had the pleasure of reading. Heller was, in my mind, a true genius. He not only changed my way of thinking in many respects, but inspired me to write in the hopes that I,  too, might make someone think. I would like to point out that the absurdity  and lack of logical progression that so many seem to find  &quot;pointless&quot; were, in fact, the genius of the novel--they were  meant to reflect the craziness of war. Sadly, it seems too many could still  profit from reading this classic.
0780624890|4.0|New Order and Polygon Windows(aka Aphex Twin) included on the Score, pumps this marvel movie into an action/gore behemoth that will eat you alive.  Effects are good / bad but the bad gives the movie that b movie appeal. Who  said an African American could not be a superhero,  Wesley Snipes gives a  perfect super hero performance!
1573226521|4.0|Great story about finding Utopia and then the inevitable destroying of it.  Had a fantastic easy style and really enjoyed the characters, especially Duck.  However I had one small problem with it, a bit like the lead's  characters memory of the world, when I put the book down it suddenly didn't  seem as important, and I found it hard to remember what exactly I was up  to!  Maybe it was due to the holiday haze style that it was written in.   Enjoyed the ending.
B00000K19E|5.0|It made me rethink my entire life!
0553269631|5.0|I encountered this book in the 9th grade while reading it with my teacher as a class asssignment. And even now, as I prepare myself for college, I often find my mind wander back to the story of this impelling novel.  The  lives of the characters created in this book entwine so gracefully that one  can't help but love it. Granted some who read it may find it somewhat  overdramatic and analytical, but if they would only take a step back and  look at the whole picture, I'm sure that they'd find that there is a reason  behind all of her &quot;maddness.&quot; So for those who dislike the book,  take a look at how the woman explains herself- &quot;Love, and especially  love of a person who is incapable of returning, or receiving it, is at the  heart of my selection of grotesque figures to write about--people whose  physical incapacity is a symbol of their spiritual incapacity to love or to  receive love--their sprirtual isolation.&quot;-Carson McCullers
B00000DHRZ|1.0|Earlier in the 90s they were good. The albums Ignition, S/T, Ixnay on the Hombre, and Smash are good. This is garbage. Just like Blink182, MTV killed them. From punk to pop. Don't buy this.
B0000203YT|5.0|Obviously the writers and director had their collective tongues firmly in their cheeks when they produced this thoroughly rollicking comedy. Paltrow is great as Julia, although her moustache could have done with a little  development. Colin Firth makes a marvellously insufferable Wessex, and Judi  Dench is a brilliant Queen Elizabeth.  Having worked with a descendant of  the great Will Kempe, whose sense of humour quite matches his great, late  relative's, it was a joy to sit through the movie. It's one I will use to  introduce students to Shakespeare, because it removes the threat most  teenagers seem to feel when the Bard's name is mentioned. It also give an  excellent feel of the theatre as Shakespeare might have known it.
B000003TAW|5.0|Let's face it, about all these reviews have come to the same conclusion and that would be that this CD is the best.  With that out of the way I'd just like to say that I for one am glad that Weezer isn't extremely popular  and aren't all over MTV and the radio.   This kind of overexposure kills  the music the band becomes all about image and it seems like everyone is a  fan.  When a band has a smaller but strong following that isn't just  following some trend like all those Ricky Martin fans that's when you can  measure true musicall success.  That your fans will love you even if you  aren't the most famous or best looking.  Well I hope this makes sense and I  got a little off topic but anyways Weezer rules 'nough said
6302642256|4.0|One of my favorite movies for years, this movie brings out the importance of family and living our lives by enjoying each minute, never taking anything for granted.  Recommended for family viewing and for older  children.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I've long listened to Metallica's music and been impressed and intrigued by the complexities of their arrangements. Metallica has it within their body of work to demonstrate both complicated beauty and simple brutality,   and I've always believed their compositions to contain every bit the  texture, passion and power of any classical piece. Now along comes Michael  Kamen and finally puts form to these convictions.<br />The album S&amp;M is  simply a masterwork, and I can't imagine a single contemporary of Metallica  looking upon this recording with anything but awe and envy. Any fan of this  band, or more precisely, of their music, would be much the poorer for  missing out on experiencing this fascinating and compelling  reinterpretation of their work.
B00002MZ2C|4.0|Though not nearly as superb as their 1992 debut, &quot;Battle of Los Angeles&quot; is still a compassionate dedication to the group's always flattering leftist mystique. Many have criticized RATM as being a  propaganda band, but why complain when their message is overwhelmingly  truthful? Tom Morello continues with excellent guitar work, a sound which  at times can come in comparison of the skill of Hendrix. Although many of  the songs on this album are not up to par with the latter, &quot;Guerrila  Radio&quot; and &quot;Maria&quot; are sufficient enough to make the album  keepable for serious, bona fide fans.
B00000K19E|2.0|OK, the widescreen gives you the very thick black bars, trying to maintain the aspect ratio of what the super-35 filming showed in the movie theater.  HOWEVER, the VHS version in pan&amp;scan shows more.<br />THE DVD CUTS OFF  TOPS OF HEADS.  READ ALL THE NEWSGROUPS.  You have to get used to the tops  of heads being cut off for this movie.  This is a rip-off!
B000000WF9|5.0|A spectacularly composed cd.  The music is incredibly motivational and poignant.  Nyman is a master of his work.  He really knew what he was doing and this music has the power to move and motivatate anyone with an open  heart with a love for instrumental music. An unsung masterpiece.
B000009QPE|5.0|This CD rocks!  Slayer are the kings of brutal heavy metal.  This CD has the most harcore drums that rattle so fast, the heaviest and most thrashing guitars, a sick low rythmic bass, and twisted, sick, vocals that blair!   This CD is for the lovers of insane, heavy, brutal, thrashing metal.  Buy  it, it rocks!
B000002H6C|1.0|A huge disappointment. What LOUSY production! They should have stayed with Flemming for this one. Metallica peaked with &quot;Master of Puppets.&quot; The Black Album was better than &quot;...And Justice&quot; but I totally  lost interest in them when &quot;Load&quot; came out. I've met them and was  a huge fan in the early 80s'. I'm not a huge fan anymore, although I'll  never part with their GREAT recordings in my collection.
B000002UJQ|5.0|An unbelievable release; perhaps the best album since Dark Side of the Moon, which greatly touches the soul with the vocals of Thom and his passionate emotion.  I am looking forward to their next release, and wonder  how they could possibly avoid a let down from this current album.
B000002UBU|5.0|Songs like Stairway to Heaven , Hey Jude and a few others can be called rock anthems . American Pie is one of those songs.
B00003A9QI|5.0|I heard portions of this score played on local public radio and immediately had to have the CD. It is one of the most beautiful film soundtracks I have heard. Rachel Portman has written as masterpiece with  Cider House.  I do believe that she will receive an Academy Award  nomination for this piece.
044022425X|5.0|My Mother turned me on to The Outlander series and now I am completely hooked! Gabaldon is so detailed in her descriptions that you feel transported to the 18th century.  The story and characters keep you wanting  more and more!  I can't wait for &quot;The Firey Cross.&quot;   <br />Suggestion to those of you who don't have time to read...listen to the  series on tape.  Recorded Books has a wonderful unabridged version of the  series, and the narrator Davina Porter is fantastic!<br />Keep 'em coming  Diana!
B0000032LS|5.0|As much as this c.d. is a very promiscuous and sexual story the music is awesome and the story line is funfilled and hysterical.  I'd keep it away from the chiddlers however.  Might give them nightmares in their sleep.
B000002OTL|5.0|Includes movie dialogue sandwiched between great  tracks. Buy it
079073804X|5.0|I can't count how many times I've seen this movie and still go to bed with the light on each time. Amazing performances coupled with sound and special effects (and a good script which is a rare commodity these days) you can't  miss this movie-not for the weak at heart!
B000007SPT|5.0|Like any album with tracks by different artists, this one is somewhat inconsistent.  I would have given it 3.5 stars, if it didn't include Elizabeth Fraser's luminous and sublime Song to the Siren, which all by  itself is worth far more than the price of the CD.
6302759110|4.0|This film lost a star because of plot ambiguity.  There are several moments where the viewer is left wondering &quot;What was that all about?&quot; or &quot;What was the significance of that scene?&quot;  But  overall, this was a great movie.  The acting was strong and convincing,  particularly Anthony Hopkins's, and the special effects and makeup are  astonishingly good.  Quite gory in some places, but still retaining good  taste.  For the men, you'll be happy to know there are quite a few bare  breasts thrown in to maintain interest in the slow spots. Definitely a film  worth having, even if the only things you like about it are Winona Ryder  and the scene in which the werewolf/vampire is doing Lucy.
B000002UYZ|5.0|The hurricane that swept the world was called Beatlemania and this record shows why...
0790729407|5.0|Here's one that both my husband and I enjoyed!  A thriller, a love story, and a good introduction to the history of the Irish Republic.
B000002UB3|5.0|The Beatles came together for one last album and the results couldnt be better. From the opening chords of Come Together to the memorable ending of The end, this album can do no wrong.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I've had this album for a month and I think that it is definitely one of the best of the year. I enjoy Metallica's music and their so-called &quot;selling out&quot; in 1996 did not offend me. I think that it was time  to dump the whole speed metal image and start doing something a little more  refined, besides, how many different songs can you write with constant bass  and movable chord forms? The market was going stale at the time and the  image was not too current. This is all somewhat besides the point for I  believe that S&amp;M is an excellent album. They do some of their old  classics as well as some of the newer songs. Therefore, the &quot;we were  here first&quot; people and the &quot;unhip&quot; johnny-come-laters can  enjoy it. The orchestra does an excellent job of accentuating the feeling  of the music and made it seem a little bit nobeler. It seems that more time  was taken to arrange the music for some songs more than others and for good  reason. There is really only so much that you can do with adding an  orchestra to some of the material. I think that adding to &quot;The Call of  the Ktulu&quot; was a tiny bit easier than adding to &quot;Fuel.&quot; It's  an excellent production nonethless. It's quite admirable that Metallica  wanted to try something new and daring. Not too many bands have the balls  to rock out with an orchestra and make it sound good. Not only is the  listener presented with a good live music experience as is always presented  by the tallica boys, but, as previously mentioned, a lot more power and  depth is added by the orchestra. Some favorites off of this one include  &quot;The Call of the Ktulu,&quot; &quot;Master of Puppets,&quot; &quot;The  Devil's Dance,&quot; &quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls,&quot; and  &quot;One.&quot; It's hard to really pick some favorites since mostly all  the material is good. If I had to pick an absolute favorite, I would have  to choose &quot;The Thing That Should Not Be.&quot; Their rendition is VERY  evil sounding and has this strange type of Edgar Allen Poe edge to it,  truly fascinating. James also adds some feeling to the mix with some rants  and laughs, you know he was having fun.... The new songs, &quot;No-Leaf  Clover&quot; and &quot;-Human&quot; are excellent cuts as well.  &quot;-Human&quot; is a new venture for Metallica with it's low, grungy,  dropped-d type sound which is ironically is a new area of exploration for  the four horsemen: a sound which was fought so feverishly by the metal  bands in the early nineties. It's an excellent production and really enough  cannot be said to give it justice. Maybe the only gripe would be the  absence of &quot;Fade to Black&quot; from the lineup. That would have been  a big treat. Perhaps I would have also traded &quot;Ride the  Lightning&quot; for &quot;Battery&quot; but thats much too critical and  trivial. This is obviously a must for old and new Metallica fans. If you're  not a Metallica fan you may want to explore this one anyway, it could turn  you into one quickly. Amazon's price is one of the best around. This  experience has definitely given Metallica experience with expanding their  horizons and it shall be interesting to see what their new material should  start to look like after three long years without a large amount of new  material. If anything, love it or hate it, you must admit that this is a  very stylish and excellent way to release a &quot;greatest hits&quot; album  as oppossed to putting remasters of the old material into a boring  compilation. If you don't already have this one, you must have a good  reason.....
B0000399WI|5.0|as a movie, there are very few, if any, movies that can be enjoyed like shawshank redemption.  as a dvd, i was utterly disappointed.  it has been said that there would have been commentary by director and actors, deleted  scenes, etc.  however there is none of that.  since trailers seem to be  standard on dvd these days, there were virtually no extras.  but still, the  dvd is one of my favorite based on the movie and the transfer!
B000035Z2L|5.0|THIS MOVIE ROCKS!   THE ONLY OTHER PEOPLE THAT DONT LIKE THIS MOVIE ARE EITHER UPTIGHT OR ARE OLD PRUNES WHO DONT KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT COMEDY!  YOU BETTER WATCH THIS MOVIE!
B00001QEE9|5.0|The quality of this DVD is more than outstanding.  I already had this movie on Video and was astounded by the clarity of the movie.  I actually put in the video and compared the two.  The difference is amazing.  The  fact that this movie is not in Widescreen is great.  Its hard to find  movies that aren't in Widescreen, and its wonderful to have a movie that  actually fills the whole screen.  Why people want a movie that only fills  half the screen is something that will always amaze me.  <br />The sound on  this DVD is in 5.1, which was a big surprise.  I recommend this outstanding  DVD to all enthusiasts.  The extra features may not be much, but really it  is the movie that we are interested in, isn't it?
B00000JPYD|3.0|The mellow tracks on this record are great. Primo 70's stoner rock and the title track sounds like Soundgarden I swear! (Cornell is turning over in his grave right now-oh I forgot he's not dead)But the &quot;rockin'&quot;  tracks sound too much like Bad Co. jamming with a Hendrix impersonator. The  bonus tracks are nothing special just some live BBC radio gig. The three  mellow tracks make this worth the purchase.
B0000009SM|5.0|With such a vast and highly accomplished catalogue of albums, it is high praise indeed to say that this was Zappa at his pinnacle. Every song is a masterpiece, a dizzying amalgamation of endless sounds and instruments.  Quite simply this is an essential album for anyone who would pretend to  have an interest in music. The constant variation of the music and the  sheer depth of it is staggering. Matchless.
B000003TA4|4.0|Why review this record? What can possibly be said that hasn't been said ? Well let's give it a shot. First of all this is not the greatest record of all times (not even the 90's). Those that think it is just haven't listened  to enough music. The kids with the Kurt memorial shirts at the Bush concert  think it speaks to them but they are too young and too musically ignorant  to appreciate it as it truly should be appreciated. How should it be  appreciated then? As an era defining recording. The album that drug the  underbelly out of its comfortable private sludge and into the mainlight.  The album that started the executive gold rush for the &quot;next big  thing&quot; and created a thousand pitiful imitators that can now be heard  polluting the airwaves on your local &quot;new rock&quot; stations (quiet  verse/heavy chorus/quite verse-repeat then cash check). The album that  destroyed Seattle's private party. The album that helped numerous deserving  artists get national recognition (see Melvins, Flipper, Wipers, Hole(! ),  etc.) The album that started the smack chic fashion craze not to mention  flannel(I actually felt uncomfortable in my Chucks and flannel around '95)  The album that produced the last great video. When you think early 90's,  this is the soundtrack (like Sgt. Peppers, Rumors, even Thriller in the  preceding decades)There was a time that I could not go anywhere and not  hear this album. One night I remember drinking and listening to it in my  little college campus slum and then turning it off and hearing it blasting  from a field next to my house where some party was being held. For that  reason I guess is why it is special because it gave unity to a generation  that had none. This record gave out an us vs. them attitude without the  tired old hardcore formula. The guys in Nirvana were my age and they looked  and dresses and in some ways thought like me and I identified with it. It  was hard to identify with Crue, I just didn't lead that life. As for the  music, good pop songs dressed in puk/metal clothing-catchy but not sappy. I  haven't played it in years and don't plan to anytime soon but it will  always have a place in my heart because it defines a place and time in my  life that I will(thankfully) never be at again. As for the one star  reviews-sorry we crashed your Poison/Boston crankin' bong toke session but  hey things change. The greatest? NO way. Vital? You bet your life.
B00000I0XW|3.0|I gave this collection 3 stars simply because I love Phantom of the Opera and wouldn't want to disgrace it. And I'm perfectly fine with Sarah Brightman singing that... but I would rather listen to a dog that just  swallowed battery acid howling than Sarah singing Don't Cry For Me  Argentina. I mean... seriously. Get a life.
B0000296SI|5.0|Although this CD doesn't feature a huge hit song, it has many great songs with different and catchy tunes, belive me, once you start listening to it, you can't stop, it's just a great album.
B000031WD9|5.0|Great coming of age movie! and very funny and NASTY! GUYS will love it, most girls should to! and it is a VERY attractive cast! Jason Biggs reminds one of a young Adam Sandler only with a hot body! and NOVA is totally HOT!  and STIFFLER! Yikes,. the boy is SEXY! the girls are alright to, but  stifflers MOM has them all BEAT! watch the movie and you will see what I  mean! Ciao
B000002KDB|5.0|Among my countless CDs of varied musical genres, I consider Emmylou Harris' Pieces Of The Sky as one of my all-time favorites. This is the first of her albums that introduced me to this sweet-voiced singer and  since then, I've been hooked!<br />One can't help but be touched listening to  Emmylou Harris' performance on this album. Her heart-rending reading of her  own composition, the tender 'Boulder to Birhingham', Merle Haggard's honky  tonkish 'Bottle Let Me Down', Dolly Parton's autobiographical 'Coat of Many  Colors', and Paul McCartney's heartbreaking 'For No One' leave nothing to  be desired. Her touching and heartfelt interpretation of such gems like  'Too Far Gone' and 'Sleepless Nights' are not bad either.<br />And if you  think Emmylou Harris is a one-dimensional singer who is limited to  interpreting slow paced songs, then you've got a surprise coming! Listen to  her uptempo and danceable interpretations of 'Queen Of The Silver Dollar'  and 'If I Could Only Win Your Love' and you'll know what I mean.<br />Dim down  the lights, stretch out your legs on the sofa and program your CD player to  play Emmylou Harris' soothing and slow numbers. I'm not sure if you'll ever  have a sleepless night!
0312853254|5.0|This book is outstanding!  The Ender Wiggin character from Enders Game has grown up and become his own medicine.  At first, when I read the introduction I was a bit hesitant about reading the rest of the book.  I  just couldn't imagine how Card was going to make a group of space  colonizing Portuguese Catholics an interesting read.  How wrong I was!   Card really delves into the philosophical nature of Ender Wiggins and left  me wanting a whole lot more!
B00000JGOH|2.0|I don't feel it was clever or witty.  In fact, the humor was a little off base for me, personally.    I often drifted off in thought during dialogue.  The only joy I recieved from watching the film was the direct words of  Shakespeare's poetry (aka. Romeo and Juliet).  The characters were plain,  the plot slow and lacking clarity.         Also, the character Rosaline was  irritating and grotesque.  Sexuality in female characters has been polluted  enough with poor and ugly symbolism.  Why continue to keep it so  unnecessarily crude?   Gwen is sweet and Shakespeare comes across as a  naive, weak, confused and uninspired character.  Purely heterosexual,  ofcourse.    I was expecting more depth and originality.  But, it is  nothing but plain, old mainstream entertainment in the end.
0679746048|4.0|The book was well written and the non-sequential direction of the story was interesting.  The first person point of view allows the reader more insight into the personality disorder of Susanna Kaysen.  I enjoyed this  book, and found myself longing for more.
B000001G89|5.0|Well, if after listening to this version of CARMEN one thinks that CLAUDIO ABBADO's conducting is boring, I guess there's got to be a big problem regarding the ability to review an opera or to recognize an oustanding version whenever one comes out...I simply disagree with the person that said the overall work here lacks enthusiasm and gets boring and boring! Since its recording ( 1977 ), there's has never been a better version ( the Maazel version is very good but can't quite match the magic that exists in Abbado's version). It's important to realize that from time to time appear versions of extremely popular operas that are really groundbreaking and that help set new standards of quality for interpretation, conducting and recording. Abbado's Carmen is one of them and the rest of the cast is just impecable and delivers first rate performances. The LSO under Abbado never sounded so full of spanish overtones, helped by a fullblooded conducting. The Ambrosian Singers match perfectly the overall quality. And I would like to say something to the person that explains that since Claudio Abbado is the Berliner Philarmoniker's principal conductor he has been overrated by critics...Well, that person should: first buy the recordings with Abbado and that orchestra ( DGG - Sony) then try to attend a concert at The Philharmonie in Berlin to see the magic that comes from such a matching! Listen to the BORIS GODUNOV version of Abbado and the Berliner ( Sony Classical) and you will see what top quality means...By the way, the Berliner Philharmoniker is one of the best and one of the toughest as well as most hard orchestras to get involved with...if the orchestra chose to take Abbado as their new music director following Karajan's passing, it must be for some good reasons....simply because he's an oustanding conductor.Now Claudio Abbado boring and overrated...give me break!
B00001ZULV|5.0|This is a very good collection.  A couple of problems though.  First, it could have been two or three discs easily.  Second, and I don't think anyone has mentioned this before, but the order they have the songs on the  disc is not great.  I would have liked to have seen cronological order  personally.  As a whole it is good and will hopefully take you down memory  lane.
B000001Y42|5.0|This album really rules i love the song faith all of the songs are alsome. i love it and i love to blast it.
B00000K31Q|5.0|This movie is one of my favorites.  I'm 12 years  old, but I've watched it with my friends, parents, and my little brothers.  Every person I watched it with found it hilarious.  It was very well written!  It was so funny,  and I want to buy the video as soon as it comes out!  Even if you're not  much for romance, I'd have to say that you'd STILL like this movie with  it's comedy and even the story.  I hope you found this helpful!  Bye!
B00000JCB2|5.0|This album rules  and Fred Durst is hot I love the song nookie and re-arragnged and i love the song nobody like you. LIMP BIZKIT IS BETTER THEN EVERONE
B000002LK1|5.0|This is my original review (when my nickname was  jugoso25) October 24, 1998  &quot;VIOLATOR&quot; is the best cd DEPECHE MODE has ever come up with. Every song is great. But it also marked the end of a synth era  for  the band (compare to &quot;Songs Of Faith And Devotion&quot; and  &quot;Ultra&quot;).
6305508550|4.0|I trust you've all read your memos concerning the new TPS cover sheets!    Sure to acheive cult status - like &quot;The Big Lebowski&quot; - this is a pleasantly funny film whose skewering of all things office-related just  seems to get better with each viewing.  Too many great bits -you'll be  repeating many of them amongst yourselves- to list.  Let down only by a  rather abrupt and all too pat ending, it's good-natured satire nevertheless  projects an underlying bleakness that underscores its relevance.<br />I mean  who can't relate to the scene where the sublimely hypnotically indiferent  Livingston is promoted to management!
0395389496|5.0|I received The Polar Express as a gift for the birth of my first born child.  I thought what a strange gift for a baby.  I put it aside for  four years and finally pulled it out last Christmas to read to him.  This book  blew me away.  I have never read such a powerful book.  I find myself  reading it with incredible enthusiasm every time.  It is a wonderful book  and a must for every child and grown up!
B000001FAE|5.0|Clapton dabbles again with everything on this one and really makes an absolute classic.  His cover of JJ Cale's &quot;Cocaine&quot; is killer, along with his originals throughout the album.  &quot;The Core&quot; is  reason enough to buy this, it's perhaps one of his best songs he has ever  written.  His work with Marcy Levy, along with George Terry's playing make  this an absolute classic.  Outside of Cream, Blind Faith and Derek and the  Dominos, this is Clapton's epic solo record.  If you dig Clapton just a  little, this will make you a fan...what a masterpiece....
0671027344|5.0|A while back i requested this book from a library but they never got it for me, so one of my friends bought it, he loaned it to me and anyone else who cared to veiw it.  Almost all of my good friends have read it now and  we hold discussions about it quite often because charlie is so much like  us.  Hanging out at big boy until all hours of the night, like us in jims,  sitting around chain smoking and getting to know eachother.  This is such a  moving and real book, allthough it made me cry, i loved it.  I reccomend  this book to anyone who has had a not-so-normal high school experience, and  is looking for a good read.  once you start reading it, you wont stop until  you've finished it, twice.
B000002N2Z|5.0|If I could give an album more than five stars this definitely would be it. The singing is nothing short of magnificant. Chino Moreno is the BEST vocalist in the world. He can sing, rap, scream and do everything a singer  should be able to do.  Adrenaline also has some of the best guitarring  ever. Stephen Carpenter and Chi Cheng make the perfect guitarring pair.  their guitars show much originality and quality. Every riff is different  from the other. They can be fast and pulsating or slow and melodious. The  drumming, it can be said , works closely with the guitarring. Abe is an  excellent drummer but it is clear that his role is to emulate the guitars.  Deftones take a bow, Adrenaline is one of the best albums out there. Best  tracks:bored Engine No. 9, Root, 7 Words and Minus Blindfold
B00003Q43A|3.0|this was a very impressive movie the first few times i saw it. i mean i expected no less from the makers of star gate, and would later go on to make godzilla. however the ending was too short and ended too quickly it  was like 'ok we've killed them lets go shoot off some fire works its the  4th of july!' this was a great movie dont get me wrong. it built up great  to a climax that lasted about 5 min. this is not what i expected. now the  DVD has more footage and another ending that hopefully will explain more  about the aliens and how they were distroyed. the original version was  totaly in the prespective of the humans witch was good, i liked it, it was  intended to be this way. but everytime i see this movie i want to see more  about the aliens, were are they from, were have they been, what are there  plans? i will buy this DVD i loved this movie, and the special features are  what sell a DVD to me and this movie has the features to sell the movie.  but if it didnt i would still buy it.
B00001U0DP|5.0|Naturally, as a high school sophomore, I was not thrilled about being drug to a foreign movie where I was forced to read subtitles rather than relaxing.  But, by the end of the film, it seems as though my jaw had to be  picked up off of the floor.  I have never seen a more beautiful, well  written, and acted film.  Life is Beautiful is a movie which will bring  many emotions.  You will find yourself laughing and crying at the same  time. It is the odd yet perfect combination of comedy and tragedy.  Throughout the entire movie, I sat in awe of the fathers dedication to his  family.  Needless to say, this movie will leave you remembering how  beautiful life really is long after seeing the movie.
0671015206|5.0|This book provided several interesting insights behind the many folks in America today who are those &quot;millionaires&quot; today.  Many studies revealed things we'd expect.  However most gave us a new train of thought  to work with.     In America there are a lot of &quot;poseurs&quot; who  drive the luxury cars, wear the expensive clothing, and live in prestigious  neighborhoods. In actuality these wealth-projectors are quite broke.  They  finance most of their material possesions to the hilt, and if they lost  their job, or there was a sudden downturn in the economy, they would likely  lose all the things they're &quot;renting.&quot;  I have seen this happen  to some people.    I learned a lot from this book.  It gives a great sense  of perspective, that we at times can forget in today's society, as well as  prudent financial advice from those who've reached the million mark.
6300216403|5.0|Tatum O'Neal is so knowing in her portrayal of Addie that you can hardly believe she was 10 at the time.  She deserved the Oscar.  Ryan O'Neal rarely has been so pitch-perfect.  And Madeline Kahn is radiant and truly  hilarious as Trixie Delight, as is her under-appreciated servant-girl.  The  writing is tight, never cloying, and explores an interesting relationship  at a peculiar moment in American history.  This movie is lean, funny,  moving and resonant on every level.  One to own.
B00000K19E|5.0|I enjoyed the special effects in this movie. The plot was interesting and imaginative, and the music was pumping the whole time.
6302453356|2.0|This movie is SO disappointing, in so many ways -- it never delivers on the promise instantly created by putting Peter Pan and Steven Spielberg, our own dream-weaver, together.  The Never-Land you see here is so crass,  it looks cheap and part of a Disney theme-park rip-off.  Robin Williams  displays his usual energy, but the role is horribly underwritten.  The  inclusion of hip Lost Boys who skate-board and wear punk clothing seems  badly mis-informed; these characters should never, ever be contemporary as  in TODAY -- they exist in a magical, if sad, place where they will never  change.  And Julia Roberts flutters in for a few strange, and, for me,  upsetting scenes, in which Tinkerbell becomes human-scale.  Dustin Hoffman  has no fun with his Hook, who is so preeningly self-aware that he becomes  instantly annoying.  Children will be bored out of their skulls. The one  and only reason to watch this movie, or at the very least the first 40  minutes, is to see Maggie Smith in the perfectly shot London/Christmastime  sequences -- I believed I was on my way to a magic place during these early  scenes.  Smith's reading of her small but essential part transports you, as  do the details of a small hook-shaped window latch, and a townhouse that  looks precisely like the place where Wendy, John and Michael first took  flight.
0790733226|5.0|It's been a long time since a big-budget Hollywood movie moved me as much as this film did.  And CONTACT is *huge*!  There are special effects galore; a broad, sweeping story concerning outer space and alien contact;  and lots of technology in between.  But at its heart is Jodie Foster.  What  a performance!  I never knew she could be so soulful.  She plays the  resourceful, plucky heroine again, but this time Ms. Foster opens up and  shows us so much more depth.  The scene in which she witnesses the cosmos  and cries, &quot;They should have sent a poet&quot; is breathtaking.   <br />Now, the DVD is pretty cool too!  Ms. Foster's commentary channel is a  revelation.  And the step-by-step process of creating the digital effects  is interesting as well.  It is truly amazing what computers have done for  visual effects. I'm not sure I understand how some of the effects were done  even after watching the demo reels on the DVD!<br />They've truly done a first  class job on this DVD.  The film is remarkable and the DVD simply proves  (again!) the superiority of the format over VHS.
B000002LRX|5.0|Even non-fans of the band usually take note when I play this for them.  This is one dark album, in the tradition of Iggy Pop's &quot;The Idiot.&quot;  Mike Patton sounds more like an evil carnival barker than a  conventional rock singer, and the interplay between Jim Martin's Sabbathy  guitar licks and Roddy Bottum's pop-infused keyboards creates a sound that  hasn't been repeated since.  Most FNM fans love this album, but if you  aren't a fan this is an interesting place to start if you have brave  tastes.  And if it swings you at all, the guitarists of Korn claimed that  this is their favorite album of all time in Guitar World Magazine.
B00000JPH6|3.0|This film is mesmerizing.  The creature designs are incredible - even down to the flora and fauna!  And the film's music score is gorgeous.  <br />However, I simply was not moved or affected by the film at all.  I don't  think the story is its strong point.  There are prophecies, saving the  world, and magic.  But it's almost as if the script is some textbook  example of what elements to incorporate in order to call a film a  &quot;fantasy&quot;.  I never felt connected to the main characters, the  Gelflings. So I never care what happens to them at the end.<br />And my final  complaint are the &quot;bad guys&quot; - the Skekses (or however you spell  it!).  I found them simply annoying.  They are the most Muppet-like and  least successful as creatures.<br />I was very excited to see this film again  - it'd been a while since I'd experienced it.  It was a bit of a let down.   However, there is no denying that Henson &amp; company tred new ground with  THE DARK CRYSTAL.  The work is simply amazing.  I just had a few qualms  with the story.<br />The DVD, by the way, is an excellent presentation.  And  the bonus cut scenes are interesting.  There is also an isolated music  score.  Good job!
6305622930|5.0|This was an incredible movie.  George C. Scott played the perfect arrogant General Patton.  Don't mind the length of the movie, it fly's by just like Saving Private Ryan did!
B00000J6AG|4.0|With inventive sampling from the &quot;Sounds of the South&quot; box set - synthesizing the melodic soulfulness of early southern call and response chant/wail/songs, with his signature breakbeats, guitar fills and D E E P  bass - Moby has created one of the most haunting, powerful and head-nodding  forays into electronic music ever.  This is not to say that the variety  ends there - Mersey style atmospheric songs like the barn-burner  &quot;South Side&quot;, or the soft, gorgeous lull of &quot;The Sky is  Broken&quot; - show Moby to be a great arranger and composer as well as DJ,  and make PLAY one of the most enjoyable, lasting disks ever.  Body Rock  Y'all!
B00003003R|5.0|G'nr have been away from the spotlight since 1994 this was a neceesary cd. Includes all your G'n'r favorites. Just as equally good as Motley's live album. i just hope they will return one day with another album. Worth  getting for sure
B000006045|5.0|I had the fortune to see this band in Atlanta and to meet with them backstage.  While they are personally as cryptic as the bug on the cover of the album, the might of this record is too much to deny.  A clerk in HMV  pitched this to me as &quot;one of the decade's 10 best.&quot;  I bought it  hoping to prove him wrong, and I am deeply glad that I failed in that  regard.  Using vocals from the Cocteau Twins' lead songstress, Horace  Andy's quavering ragga vocals, Daddy G's rumbling bass amble and 3D's wiry  adept lyrical hopscotch make the tracks on this album diverse and leave you  expecting the unexpected.  Bearing this in mind - what makes the album  exceptional, is that through this diversity - it retains a wholeness of  vision and mood.  &quot;Inertia Creeps&quot; can throttle you with its  insistent adrenaline groove, and &quot;Teardrop&quot; can make you weep,  but through it all we hear stories of people fighting through hardness, and  coping with the tedium of life - and what is more universal than that?
079073804X|5.0|This film is by far the most scariest of all time. even though i loved the dreaded sequel this is by far something that seems so real its true. In fact this movie is based on true life something like this happened. Linda  Blair does a fabulous job as 12 yr old Regan. Me not being scared of horror  films since being a fanatic this one succeeded. A Classic all the way and  remains one of the greatest horror films ever made.
B00003003R|5.0|this is a great collection of songs, despite the fasct that some of the greats are missing.  i have one question though.  my copy has reverse printing on it (i.e. the disc marked 1 has disc 2's tracks, and vice  versa).  are all like this or is mine just different?
6305537550|5.0|Halloween is truly frightning film. From the moment the music starts to the stalking of Michael you know your in for a treat. This is Jamie lee Curtis's first film and what a debut to start . A instant classic that  should be in any horror films fans collection. Followed by 6 sequels.
