B004L49K20|5.0|I'll Keep It Simple!All You Need is Now and Leave a Light On,keep on hearing it in my head.Been listening to it in my car since I got it,and my rank,#2 of DD albums,right behind #1 DD debut(1981),my all time fav,even after 30 years,I still listen to it.For me,a DD album from beginning to end,even the \\"B songs\\",so to speak,are great.They finally figured it out,stay true to yourself,and your true fans will reward you!
B004GYY714|5.0|Really like this app.. its great to be able to listen to different stations around the world..  so what are you waiting for download it already
B001GKYBXA|5.0|So interesting, so varied, so creative, so GREAT! Paul's best I've ever heard. More experimental than pop, but something for everyone. My wife & kids even dig it. Easily accessible, but very layered to keep you endlessly interested in this great work. Doesn't sound as spontaneous as it was. Very well done/ produced.     Most of all, great songs. One of my all time favorite albums. Then again, in terms of expectations, I had no idea what to expect. I was told that it was just sort of a jumbled mess and no good. The first song is a little out there, but it gets a little crisper, until you hit the pinnacle on track #10 with \\"Is This Love?\\"    Sounds years ahead of its time, fresh, fun. An affront to the never ending bland pop polluting the airwaves and making music `zombies' out of the masses.
B004FRX0MY|4.0|For the most part I like the player, but have one fix i'd like to see implemented:    While Cloud access is limited to the US, the Android Player should not assess its location on Android system's \\"Language & keyboard\\" setting--in my case I use \\"English (UK)\\" even though I am in the US; this prevents the Cloud player from working on the MP3 app, which is silly; using an IP address or other location would enable playing and be more accurate.
B004APVI1G|5.0|I watched this movie in 3d with my lady.  This movie will just WOW your eyes.  I am a movie buff, and this was the most stunning visuals i have ever seen.  The owls are freaking gorgeous...lol...while watching this movie i thought to myself i actually wanted that white owl:0  The 2d version is great also.  A friend came over and the kids were watching the dvd on their 37 inch hd tv...my friend was like WHAT IS THAT! lol. he couldn't stop looking at it(no joke it was that gorgeous).  Had he seen it in 3d on my panny, he'd have tripped for real.  If you want to get the most out your tv's visual's...this is a must buy.  The 3d was better than Tangled 3d(which i still love) Step Up 3d(which is cool) and Tron 3d can't even come close...    The trees, water, flying and fighting of the owls, the shiny feathers of the owls...everything about this movie...ridiculous in detail.  GET THIS MOVIE!!!  I know my review is saying the same thing...but i mean...you just got to see it to know what I mean.  I have a panny gt25 3d tv also if that helps anyone out there looking to buy this movie.  The greatest thing about this movie is that the story keeps you interested.  Its not a movie where you buy only for the 3d.  You will actually watch this movie...the 3d and beauty will just AMAZE you and the story is quite suspenseful.  Also, I treat my 3d movies like a movie theater...meaning I wait til its nighttime, turn off the lights and enjoy.
B0047Y0FGY|5.0|I read this book in its entirety in under 24 hours (AND I still managed to stick in sleep, work, and 3 squares). This book is perfect for anyone who loves Tina Fey's sarcastic wit. It's an insanely fast read and it literally made me laugh out loud in spots. Granted, if you're not a Fey fan, you probably won't like the bulk of this book. It's no shock-and-awe campaign either; you won't find any secrets here. In essence, this book is exactly what I thought (and hoped) it would be: 280 pages of Feytastic wordage. Fey is quite the wordsmith - no surprise there - and she really can weave a story. Some chunks of the book are stuff you've probably already heard/seen/read - SNL sketch scripts, 30 Rock lines, etc. And if you get the Kindle version some of the graphics outside the regular text will be hard to read (unless I'm just a moron) - but I give this book 5+ stars. Tina Fey is a smart and sassy woman, and her book is no different. I highly recommend it to fans of 30 Rock, SNL, and cake.
0316069353|1.0|I will not buy this book or any other book from a publisher who charges more for the E-book than the hardcover.  We were sold Kindle under the impression that books were 10 dollars. This is ridiculous.  I will borrow this book.
B004R13U6Y|5.0|I was looking for a pdf viewer that would let me highlight and bookmark. The added features of recognizing hyperlinks, voice reading and the others are icing on the cake. Great app! Definitely worth the price!
1401310672|5.0|I got this book today when I came home during my lunch break. In the 10 minutes I had to peruse it - and I had already seen much of what I was reading - I guffawed several times. Simply put, the unintended meanings of these typos are some of the most amazing mental images ever put to paper.<br /><br />This will be on my coffee table for a very long time for guests to laugh over.<br /><br />Edited a month later: my girlfriend is very concerned about the uncontrolled laughter she hears in the other room when I'm re-reading this thing. It is powerfully funny.
B004HW7JMO|3.0|Somebody nows if there are any subtitles in this product? I'd like to buy it, but only with subtitles either in English, French, Catalan or Spanish. Thank you[[ASIN:B004HW7JMO Spartacus: Gods of the Arena]]
B004G6009K|5.0|This movie is worth your time and money, especially if you have a 3d tv:)  Its a lot funnier than I expected it to be also:)  Great 3d.  And what was different about this movie was...it wasn't really about her becoming a princess...more so her just enjoying life and growing up.  the story was just more realistic...watch and you'll see what i mean.  Oh...that horse and chameleon are two of the best Disney creatures I've seen in awhile:)    ONLY BAD THING IS MY GIRL DOESN'T WANT A HAIRCUT NOW...she says it'll lose its power:0 lol
B0030ZOYJ0|4.0|I had never seen Evangelion, but had been hearing a lot about the recently released Evangelion 2.22 and wanted to check it out after reading more about the series online. My impression of Evangelion 1.11 is that it is mostly a setup for the future movies. It introduces us to some crucial characters and sets up the main premise of angels battling Evas in an already decimated world. (Do the angels only attack Japan though? ;) ) The movie has some good action and great animation.  Most importantly it left me wanting to see the next installment in the series. As a stand alone movie, Evangelion 1.11 isn't a new favorite, but I have high hopes for the series as a whole and can't wait for Evangelion 2.22 to be delivered!
B002VPE1AW|5.0|this is still one of my best movies ever....just thrilled everytime i watch it, the story line, graphics etc is greatttt
0312965788|5.0|If there was one series I would recommend to my son/daughter it would be this one. The first time I read it, years ago, I instantly fell in love with James Herriot, Siegfried<br />Farnon and complete cast of hysterical characters, some human some animals. He has a way with descriptions that is unique. One minute you're laughing your head off, the next thing you know, you<br />are near to tears! My favourite of all time!
030746363X|5.0|Whether you want gain muscle, run farther or lose some ground, that book shows you some substantial techniques to keep up your body. I have to confess that there are sometimes too many products to buy advised (which I did not buy personally, except 2 or 3). But the aim of the book is to demonstrate that you can easily please your own body with 4 hours of work out per month. My abs look like a perfect chocolate bar now :)
B004K4IZ54|3.0|After watching Step Up 3d, Legend of Guardians 3d, and Tangled 3d I was very excited to get Tron 3d.  Unfortunately maybe I was expecting too much...it is kinda boring(too many scenes in this movie that go from awesome action to boring dialog) and the 3d wasn't that great.  Good but not great. Maybe it just had too much competition in Tangled and Legend of the Guardians...if you have a 3d tv and can get it for like 15-17...(20 is stretching it)... then i say go ahead...my surround sound hasn't arrived yet, so I'm gonna try it again when it arrives. but then I didn't need surround for the other movies to be wowed...THE ACTION SCENES ARE GREAT THO...but not enuff of em...1/3 of movie i'd say.  I actually fell asleep on this movie...so maybe I should watch the ending...but me falling asleep says alot...
B004SBS8LA|5.0|I love this version of angry birds.  Graphics are GREAT and the strategy is even more intense because you have to worry about other boject that can get in your way such as dangling lamps and tree branches.  Really bummed that we have to wait until possinle May 2011 to even get more levels. Overall another Angry Birds Msster Class! :)
B001F7MSFW|5.0|I bought this movie with high expectations after seeing the first Hellboy I was not disappointed I absolutely think it was better than the first! The fight scene between Red and Prince Nuada kept me on the edge of my seat Luke Goss's is nothing short of fabulous as Prince Nuada this was great casting and the makeup and special effects where<br />Some of the best I have seen in a long, long time, a definite must see!
B004GYY714|5.0|I've used quite a few radio streaming apps and this is by far the best. Streams load really fast (dependent on phone type and network). The UI is also REALLY clean and looks good too. I will carry out a test by playing my car radio and this one side by side to see if there is a delay in transmission for this app. Anyway, this is one of the most basic apps every Android user should have  T-Mobile G2
B001EN71DG|5.0|Bought this set because it has both original and re-release.  It was fun to watch the original with my kids, who had already seen the re-release
B004GYY714|5.0|i have tried several apps for listening to radio on android. this one is by far the best, including on the selection of stations and the stability of the app
159562015X|4.0|The book explains the underlying concept that it is easier to succeed when you build upon on your strengths rather than trying to overcome your weaknesses.  The book provides a one-time use code to their website to take a self-assessment exam that will help you identify your five greatest strengths.  They then provide you with a report that relates 10 exercises you can use to further develop those strengths and use them effectively in your everyday life.<br /><br />Deceptively simple and effective, because of the work that went into the earlier research and the development of a database resulting from 1,000's of people who have done the self-assessment.  I don't think you'll find out anything surprising about yourself, but it will clearly articulate those attributes that you thought you already knew about yourself and offer a menu of activites to build on those strengths to improve your life.
0671510991|3.0|A good book for a common review of history, but be not enchanted nor mesmerized by its size and language for although thorough, lengthy and interestingly written, it is shallow in deeper perspectives.<br /><br />Overall the book is thorough, eloquent and robust but lacks objectivity and is therefore a `comfortable' view of history tolerable by most. It stirs little conversation on the subjects. The author writes in factual form, often speaking from personal experience. The conclusions receive lengthy interpretations which do reveal some obscure opinions and facts but are, overall, common. The author uses eloquent language and grammar more frequently than other books of the same quality which gives the work a feel of privileged education.<br /><br />After delivering the works of others in scholarly format, the author frequents his role in history in a purposeful but indirect way which stands out as an attempt to promote his preferred public image. It feels suspiciously selfish and haughty with no outside peer review to question his views. This book could be mistaken at points as a `hidden' autobiography.<br /><br />The impression remains with me after all these years that this is a common view of history wrapped in eloquent language and grammar, an elaboration of what I learned in high-school and freshman college history. It feels written to be financially successful and self aggrandizing rather than a critical study of history. There are clear timelines and much data but little `other side of the story'.
B0047Y0FGY|5.0|If you like Tina, then you'll like this book. What's not to like about her? I don't usually find nonfiction books, especially autobiographical kinds, interesting, but this one is different.
B004K4IZ3G|4.0|Although the storyline does have its rather slow moments, the action scenes are amazing.  It may be worth trying to watch the original Tron to catch up on the story, as this movie references scenes from the original.  Definitely worth watching.
B004L3AR0K|3.0|Love and Other Drugs has a good story line. The language was a bit raw and really not necessary. For the first 5-10 minutes, I almost turned it off. After I got into the story, I enjoyed the whole concept. It really has a deep story and a good turn. I bought this DVD at Amazon.com.
B0047Y17P2|1.0|I was about ready to download this book on my Kindle when I paused to read the reviews. I'm glad I did because they have convince me to join the protest regarding the price gouging. Please Mr. Connelly, talk to your publisher.
B003JSU2NU|4.0|I love any of the Twilight stuff, I always buy the dvds and soundtracks, so it is part of my collection.
B002ZG99QS|3.0|As good as this movie was in the movie theater, it does not come across on DVD as well.  The aspect ratio keeps shifting from one size to another and the music soundtrack volume goes in and out through out the movie.  In the Sam fights Rinzler in the disc wars the soundtrack in the theaters was cranked up high but on the DVD it is softly in the background taking away from the scene.  I am a bit annoyed with what they have done on the DVD.  I do not have a high def tv but I do have surround sound system yet this should not make a difference with the ever changing aspect ration and the sound.  The inconsistencies make it hard to really enjoy the movie on dvd.  The picture isn't as clear as I thought it would be as well. I hope the blueray copy is better than this. A bit disappointed as the music soundtrack was the strongpoint of this film
B000O76T8Q|5.0|This DVD and its cover is in perfect condition! Delivery time was fast.<br />I'd give a 6 star if I could.  Thank you so much!
B002ZG99QS|5.0|During the film, the black bars at the top and bottom show up and then go away and sometimes return during parts of the movie, is that normal?
B004S699LI|2.0|First thing first.  YES, I actually own a copy of this Blu ray.  This is not some angry hypathetical review.  I bought this today(along with The Yards and Crow: City of Angels) at Best Buy for ten bucks each.  Secondly, my rating does not reflect the quality of the actual film.  I love this movie.  It's a perfect exploitation film with better than usual acting and brilliant Tarantino penned dialogue.  I will not be reviewing the film either.<br /><br />Okay, so I'm sure most of you already know that Miramax's old catalog, from their big theatrical releases(Good Will Hunting, Scream, Shakespeare in Love) and their direct to video films(later Halloween and Hellraiser films, and other horror films) have been sold and divided to two different home video distributers, Echo Bridge Home Entertainment and Lionsgate.  Last week Lionsgate released all three Scream films, which all looked really good and retained all of the previous DVDs' special features. I was very happy with the quality and the price for those and look forward to all other Miramax films being filtered through Lionsgate.  I was so stoked to find out that the Hellraiser, From Dusk Til Dawn and Dimension Halloween sequels would finally get a stateside release.  Sure, you could get the first Dusk and the Halloween films from Canada through Alliance, but they never format the films in the right aspect ration and rarely ever provide the previous DVD release's special features(Amelie, Equilibrium and Iron Monkey being the few exceptions that I have in my collection).  I was really excited to have these film on blu ray, properly formatted with the special features included, and maybe even some new ones added.<br /><br />Well, I did some research on the Miramax deal with Echo Bridge and found that they worked through Alliance, as did Miramax in Canada to distribute and make their dvds and blu rays.  Not a good sign.  Hope springs eternal and I kept my fingers crossed.  No such luck.  All Echo Bridge releases have NO SPECIAL features, new or old.  Plus, they are all, regardless of what film you pick, formatted in the 1:78 aspect ratio.  ALL OF THEM.  With this particular title, From Dusk Til Dawn, it's not horrible because Rodriguez(the director) usually shoots 1:85, so its not quite that off or full screen.  It is anamorphic so that is a plus, but that's about it.<br /><br />C'mon, and what the hell?!?!?!?!?!?  Why not release and take the time to put together new packages for these films?  It would've taken longer and it would've cost more money, which would mean the sale prices would be a bit more but not by much.  I saw the Scream films for 14.99 a piece and they're HI-DEF upgraded AND have special features.  This really sucks.  And it looks like Echo Bridge got titles I really would rebuy on Blu Ray like the Hellraiser sequels, Dusk's sequels, and Dracula 2000 and its superior sequels.  Yeah, they basically got most of the genre offerings, the stuff that will probably get the most bank.  And they're screwing fans.<br /><br />I know some of you out there don't really care about special features, and you think that most special features either won't be watched or will only be watched once.  This I don't get, especially in light of the modern times. If you don't watch or care about special featues then why buy it for your collection with options to rent it online, stream it or On Demand it?  Obviously there's a ton of people like me who do care.  I'm sure in the future the rights for special features and the film itself will be sold off to another company, like Criterion, and new editions will come out(it's happened with films like Broadcast News, Cronos and Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas).<br /><br />There are very few good things to be said, beyond the discs actually being anamorphic.  They look decent, and the operative word is DECENT, not great or good.  The color seems to be pumped up on this release in particular for some reason.  The reds are REALLY RED, even making some the Texas exteriors and sun-lit skin tones seem reddish.  Also, the black are very crushed.  Which wouldn't be so bad if shadows, for the most part, weren't black.  Some production design detail and face detail,especially inside the vampire strip bar, are blacked out and indecipherable.  So, if you don't care about special features you will be in a very mild version of heaven.  From Dusk Til Dawn's colors pop like I've never seen before, but too much to the detriment of the rest of the picture.  The Alliance Canadian release, somehow, looks better and cloer to what the original film looked like, which is really weird considering their print it most likely where Echo Bridge got their master.  That's it really.  Be angry.  Be happy.  Be indifferent, but hopefully now you can be informed.<br /><br />PS: I would suggest jogging over to Amazon Canada and getting the Halloween films there.  They have a triple feature disc of Halloween: Curse of Michael Myers, Halloween: H20 and Halloween: Resurrection.  It's cheaper to get it there than on this site.  Plus, it will be the same masters as the upcoming Echo Bridge releases, plus you get Resurrection.  Of course, all of this only matters if you're a completist like me.  Believe me, I have no use for any moment in Curse of Michael Myers, and anything that happens beyond Jamie Lee Curtis' scene in Resurrection but I need to own the complete series for some reason.  Check it out.em reddish.  Also, the black are very crushed.  Which wouldn't be so bad if shadows, for the most part, weren't black.  Some production design detail and face detail,especially inside the vampire strip bar, are blacked out and indecipherable.  So, if you don't care about special features you will be in a very mild version of heaven.  From Dusk Til Dawn's colors pop like I've never seen before, but too much to the detriment of the rest of the picture.  The Alliance Canadian release, somehow, looks better and cloer to what the original film looked like, which is really weird considering their print it most likely where Echo Bridge got their master.  That's it really.  Be angry.  Be happy.  Be indifferent, but hopefully now you can be informed.  PS: I would suggest jogging over to Amazon Canada and getting the Halloween films there.  They have a triple feature disc of Halloween: Curse of Michael Myers, Halloween: H20 and Halloween: Resurrection.  It's cheaper to get it there than on this site.  Plus, it will be the same masters as the upcoming Echo Bridge releases, plus you get Resurrection.  Of course, all of this only matters if you're a completist like me.  Believe me, I have no use for any moment in Curse of Michael Myers, and anything that happens beyond Jamie Lee Curtis' scene in Resurrection but I need to own the complete series for some reason.  Check it out.
B003Y74AXO|4.0|Even though the iPad's screen is very hard glass, after nine months of use I started to accumulate small scratches. Time for a screen protector. Amazon Vine offered me a free one and I jumped.     Screen protectors are a challenge to install without bubbles. This amazon basic product is no exception. I've put screen protectors on my iPhones twice before, but this was my first attempt on my iPad. As always, clean the screen with the included microfiber cloth - better yet buy a pack of Zwipes microfiber cloths from amazon (I use these on my iPad, in the car, in the kitchen, etc). After that, importantly, work in a low dust environment (no fan, open windows, crowd of people, etc). Then follow the directions.     My first shot yielded five small bubbles. These were actually specks of dust that had settled on the screen and/or film's adhesive when I was positioning the protector. No need to throw the protector away and start again. Take a mechanical pencil - or other similar implement with a sharp metal tip - and flick the dust off. Several of the dust specks would not separate from the film's adhesive and I had to manually move the dust specks with the tip of my mechanical pencil several inches to the edge before being able to removing them. This took several minutes, during which another two dust specks settled. Repeated the process. Made mental note to recommend working in a dust free/dust reduced environment.     What's cool is that with the protector now on - sans bubbles - I can't see the fine scratches that are on the iPad's glass anymore! So don't have to worry about old scratches or new scratches. Awesome.
B004FRX0MY|5.0|Does what it says...need I say more!  Great way to get just about any track your looking for....  competitive pricing too!  Wish we could get music videos as well, but hopefully thats coming soon
0788815490|5.0|This is mystical British drama with Helena Bonham Carter headlining as the starring role. I love these British dramas because they always have the best costumes, the best locations and I like the British accents.  Most americans wish they had the accent so even though we are lacking in that department it's nice to hear the eloquence in a film.  I thought the story was interesting, conjuring up moral questions about love and money and which do you prefer.  I sort of wish Helena's character was a bit more bitchy and deviant, she was pretty restrained but it still worked. Wings of the Dove has 3 things going for it, the acting, the story and the cinematography.
B0000009SF|5.0|Zappa was a very prolific and complicated artist. It can be overwhelming deciding where to start with him and if it's a less 'desirable' place, you may never come back. But if it's from the 'right' place, you may come to realize that you have the discovered what it has taken me all these years to call, THE AMERICAN ROCK COMPOSER. He has traversed so many genres and styles over so many recordings that you can only classify him as ZAPPA. But so much of it is sort of rock too(with the whole Varese, Stravinsky, absurdist, influence.) Anyhow, The Grand Wazoo is one of Zappa's earliest instrumental releases after Hot Rats and Waka Jawaka. The guitar playing is excellent within his own type of early 70's fusion. His guitar tone is unique to this recording and somewhat understated as opposed to dominating. He doesn't use distortion at all which is unusual for him. It sounds like a band which is nice. Good compositions, very little singing, just one song. Great choice to begin your descent.......
B0049P1ZZQ|5.0|I could not belived when I watched this serie how well it was done,I can't wait for the second season.
B00969GFFU|5.0|I just finished reading this book for the fourth time. I've never read a novel four times. That is love.
B002ZG97EC|5.0|two thumbs up. i did not expect it that i would like it as much as i did highly recommended for the family.
B0000013G9|4.0|This isn't my favourite TLC album but there are some good jamz on here. I could have done without the intros and skits.  I also think Prince's \\"If I Was Your Girlfriend\\" is better than the TLC cover.  The music almost sounds the same. There are enough good songs on here to qualify CrazySexyKool as a quality album.  Keep it on the downlow!
0896898288|5.0|The blocks in this quilt perfectly describe the life of the farmer's wife and her love of the land and her devotion to her family and the farm.  Being a helpmate on the farm tending the chickens, milking the cows and working in the fields was a cause for the celebration of life itself.  Letters from the wives, about whether they would want their daughters to marry a farmer, are really reviews of their own lives and the joy and accomplishment they felt in raising their families and providing for them.  The letters and the quilt patterns which accompany them really bring the reader to a better understanding of farm life in the 1920's.
0783110871|5.0|I purchased this movie strictly because I love the Boeing 747. Taking nothing away from a great cast, this film joins the ranks of Airport 75/77, Executive Decision and Air Force One in showcasing my favorite airplane.
B0047Y17P2|1.0|Love the book, hate the price.  Get it together Amazon.  It's crazy to ask consumers to spend more on the ebook than the hardback (which ebook cannot be loaned, donated or resold as the hardback could).  I love my Kindle, but I will toss it right out if this is what is to come.
B004GYY714|4.0|This app has an easy to use menu and allows for searching. Displays radio stations with name and current song to make it easy for you to decide what you want to listen to. you should definitely get this app.
B004GYY714|5.0|Works a advertised, pretty near to listen to radio from all over the world. Awesome, ui god sport content. No bugs that I have seem yet on my, mytouch 4g CM7.
0307279189|4.0|So I picked this book up, thinking it would be a cool story about this lost tribe of distance runners -- which it was -- but I got soooo much more than I bargained for.<br /><br />Yes, I did learn about the Tarahumara tribe, but I also learned about the biomechanics of running and how shoe manufacturers disregard runner safety in preference of turning a profit, ultramarathons and the hardcore runners who participate in them, the lawless culture of Copper Canyon, the nearly lost techniques of persistence hunting, the evolution of the human body, and on and on and on.<br /><br />This is my all-time favourite kind of book -- entertaining, sure, but chock full of information I've never even thought about before. I'm kind of a geek -- I just love to learn new stuff!<br /><br />I went into this thinking that it would probably be a pretty good book, but maybe best for super athletes, but nothing could be further from the truth. This book is for anyone who enjoys discovering new ideas and information. It also might inspire you to pick up your running shoes (or not!) and hit the trails for a nice long run.
B0047A72E6|5.0|If you are a fan of genuine blues music...buy this. It is part of my everyday music shuffle. I am a blues guy through and through and this is simply one of the best. At 70something Buddy continues to be at the top of his game. Simply amazing. If you can see him live too....DO IT!!!!! God don't make many bluesmen this way!
B004SBS8LA|5.0|MOST ADDICTIVE GAME EVER.Don't like the monthly release of other levels. the graphics are awesome.I am playing it I'm my HTC EVO and my IPod touch.
B000UJ48UO|5.0|Great Job got my blu ray thank you very much. no problems no ups, no having to go somewhere and pick it up, you the man.
B004DK5CW4|3.0|This movie was okay.  The acting was okay.  It was nice to see nostalgic scenes of the 70s, when I was 20-something.  The final scenes of the Belmont would be hard to film in a non-thrilling way.  But this film was a bit of a let-down, and I think I know why.  I've seen \\"Seabiscuit\\".  More than once.  It's one of the best movies I ever saw.  And it beats this film by 31 lengths, going away.  In every way: acting, (true) story, cinematography, suspense, humor, pathos, history, it's better.  If you haven't seen \\"Seabiscuit\\", save this film for later, and buy \\"The Biscuit\\" first.  You'll be glad you did.  (And it's probably cheaper!)
B003A6C67G|5.0|a top 20 all time album!! every song fast or slow is excellent! love this album..all star band at their very best..awesome concert at the time,too
B001D2AYCI|4.0|Two channel content nicely done but surround version could have benefited from a good re-master or at least a digital clean-up (lots of hiss) maybe done on purpose to preserve the original 'feel' of the recording but to me it seems like they stopped short of what could have been 'the' definitive collector set...  Still worth the money though.
B004SBQGHS|4.0|Why isn't this paid version in the official Android market? At least that way we could get automatic updates. The demand is there, but the supply is poor, not many people want to install a third party app store just to buy one app.
B004SBS8LA|5.0|This is by far the best of the angry birds series. Rio has excellent graphics similar to HD quality. It doesnt seem as complex to beat the levels as the other angry birds. Love this game and very addicted to it! Love it!!!!
B004DI7HZ6|5.0|I am an avid fan of vampire novels mostly. This was my first witch novel and I am hooked.  The author took me to a whole other world with her great details and such imaginative and sincere main characters. I was on an emotional roller coaster reading this book and did not want to put it down for one second. But I enjoyed it so much I wanted to savor its story for as long as I could. If you like stories of romance and suspense involving the paranormal this is the book for you.
B0047Y17P2|5.0|I'm a long time fan of this author, even more so after seeing the recent movie of a previous favorite, The Lincoln Lawyer - loved this, especially the twists
B003K1EYM6|5.0|This works well for uploading photos onto your iPad and afterwards, Snapfish or whatever.  It worked out well on our vacation.
030745455X|5.0|Finally, after a year of seeing cinema marquees advertising the Larsson trio here and there, I sat down and read \\"The Girl Who Played With Fire.\\" The writing wasn't anything like what I had been used to for a long time. It was almost all narrative, which is a very European style of prose. I found myself enjoying it, because one's interest depends on How the narrative is delivered. Larsson has given us a heroine to root for in the difficult, asocial little Salander. She is violent in a way all of us wish we could afford to be. She metes out justice without a thought to the law's letter, and besides hides her tracks brilliantly. She isn't afraid of being caught. She is so dang smart about computers. If Larsson had given her good looks and another three inches of height to her 4'11\\" her believability would be diminished. The trilogy makes me curious about Stieg Larsson himself: what made him invent her and these stories?  It is really too bad he did not live to enjoy his well-earned fame.
B004SJ3AXI|1.0|wont install. very irritating. i had it installed before and froze up, unistalled the app and now i cant get it back! frustrating as i really like the game!
B004DI7HZ6|4.0|A great story written for adults. The two main characters,  Diana and Matthew are complex and make you want to read more to find out their secrets. I love it and am looking forward to the second book in the series.
B001P5HI4A|5.0|THE DELIVERY TIME COULD HAVE BEEN A LITTLE SHORTER, BUT ALL IN ALL, I AM VERY SATISFIED WITH THE PRODUCT...NO PROBLEM GIVING AN EXCELLENT RATING..WILL DEFINITELY PURCHASE FROM AMAZON AGAIN AND AGAIN..AS I HAVE IN THE PAST.....RW.
1936041685|5.0|What more can be said? Chesterton's writing style is glorious, and his subject matter here is profoundly important. I say this in an age that vastly prefers easier answers...in other words, an age that is no different from any other age. Chesterton's sentences ring like silver coins throughout this book. His theological ideas are grounded in human insight that, I daresay, is very hard to argue with. You may or may not become a Christian after reading this book; you may or may not return to a traditional Christianity either. But you will meet a great, sincere mind in these pages, and--I hope--be troubled in the best possible way by what you read.
0061726826|4.0|I do love a good dystopian, and this is most certainly good...and dystopian.  Lena is an interesting character, mostly because despite seeming like a mindless sheep initially, she actually -isn't-. There's a lot I liked about this novel, and I think expressing every bit of that would just be a trifle too spoilery and I tend to avoid that as often as possible.  The ending was perfectly set up to allow for future books in the series (and I am OH so glad that it's a series), and though I was expecting something explosive, I was still a touch stunned by what happened.  That, dear reader, brings me to something that is bugging me just a bit...and I'm hoping it's cleared up or explained in the next novels.  How did this world become as it is? What brought them to this point? Who made the decisions to create this society of love-less people?  I know the opening mentions \\"the president\\" made decisions, but...still and all, I'm confused over it.  I'd like some answers in the next book, and I'm going to just assume they'll be there.  I do want to mention that I absolutely love Lauren Oliver's writing style.  She's able to make words flow so easily and I was easily able to focus on the scene she was describing rather than being distracted by choppy sentences and irregular grammar.  This book disturbed me (I do enjoy being pulled into a book and actually feeling as I'm reading) - the thought of not being able to love? That's simply incomprehensible to me, and to even ponder living in that world is horrifying.  Ah, well.  I don't live there, so I can love this book.  I'm anxiously looking forward to the next one!
B004BBDHEK|4.0|Since \\"Tribute,\\" Yanni seems to be reinventing himself by taking his music on a wholly different direction that focuses more on electrical/acoustic sounds than the orchestral masterpieces of \\"LATA.\\" This new approach to music, now much more subdued and mellow, started with \\"Ethnicity,\\" then \\"If I Could Tell You,\\" then \\"Yanni Live,\\" but all of these albums are considerably less creative, and therefore, interesting, than his previous works. This desire to reinvent then ultimately resulted in \\"Voices,\\" a huge distraction among his albums which I do not consider to be Yanni at all. But, with \\"Truth of Touch,\\" Yanni seems to have finally found a firm footing in his post \\"LATA\\" era.    The standouts from this album to me were tracks 1, 6, and 10 to 13, where Yanni experimented with new rhythms and accompaniment styles and produced songs that are much more complex and impressionable then any of his works in the 2000's. I even found myself looping several of his songs like what I did back in the days of LATA.    However, while they are nice to listen to, these songs still lack the powerfully unique melodic themes pre-LATA albums and LATA had (for example, Santorini, Acroyali/Standing in Motion, Keys to Imagination), which made them the unforgettable classics that they are. I know this is a studio album but even compared to pre-LATA studio albums, I still found that unique Yanni musical signature lacking here. These songs are just songs, the style of which may or may not translate well to full orchestration, while pre-LATA songs easily exuded an epic sensation that was amplified exponentially when they were performed with a full orchestra. This is a source of some dissapointment.     There is a reason why LATA is one of the best selling music videos of all time but Yanni for some reason seems to be deliberately straying away from it. I would be very interested in hearing the symphonic versions of these songs, hoping that would recreate at least some of the brilliance of LATA, and rediscover that unique \\"Yanniness\\" that made me a Yanni fan in the first place.
B004K4IZ54|2.0|I thoroughly enjoyed the movie in the theather which is why I decided to purchase this movie.  I recently purchased a 3D TV & 3D Sony BD player and thought this would be a great movie to try out my new equipment, \\"WRONG\\". I thought my TV was malfuctioning; apparently the extreme majority of the movie was shot in 2D, save your money and buy the BluRay version.  The cover jacket is more 3D than the movie.
B004Q3Q452|3.0|I would say that this book is par for the course for Kinsella.  By that, I mean that she usually starts out with a heroine who finds herself in hot water within the first chapter or two, and by the end has solved all of her roblems after a brush with a crisis.  Having said that, Lexi Smart is a stronger woman, emotionally, than Becky (Bloomwood) Brandon of the Shopaholic series.  This is a cute novel about amnesia, with many of the sitcom amnesia gags, minus her getting hit on the head again to regain her memory.  Lexi wakes up in a hospital room and soon realizes that she's forgotten everything that's happened to her in the past three years, and it just so happens that those three years were full of change in her, from her appearance to her marital status, living situation and financial and career outlooks.  Her new life is like a fairy tale in many ways when compared with her old life, and so even though she can't remember how she got there, she does her best to become acclimated so that she can continue to live the fantastic way she must have been for the past three years.  Of course, if that was it, there wouldn't be a plot, and she quickly realizes that there are things she misses about her old life, which to her seems like yesterday.  The women she remembers as being her best friends won't speak to her anymore, her mother's house is overrun with the stink of the dog's she's been compulsively adopting, and there is a mysterious stranger who insists that she was really in love with him, not her gorgeous new husband.  Who can she trust?  I'm sure you can figure out how it all ends, but it's an amusing ride from Point A to Point B.
0545123283|4.0|Here is where I'm going to go into lala fan-girl mode for a moment.  Thank you, Mrs. Stiefvater, for rocking so much.  I absolutely adore your writing.  Really, it's refreshing to read the work of an author who makes full use of the English language.  Linger begins in a prologue with Grace as the narrator, and we are privy to all of the tumultuous thoughts that she's having.  Just as the first book in this series did, this one grabbed me from the beginning.  Grace says, well..thinks, \\"This is a love story. I never knew there were so many kinds of love or that love could make people do so many different things.\\"  and \\"I never knew there were so many different ways to say good-bye.\\"  That was it for me. Had to keep going.  We get to know Sam better in this novel, which I really like. He's an interesting character and I was hoping for a little more of him this go round.  Isabel is also introduced more into the main story, and I have to say I like her a lot more than I did before.  I didn't -dislike- her initially, because even as a secondary character she had a lot of depth.  This was expanded upon in Linger, and I just love that Ms. Stiefvater made that effort.  It was fun to see the bonds forming between Isabel and Grace as the book progressed, and definitely nice to see in a YA novel that the female protagonist CAN exist outside the realm of just her boyfriend's presence.  Cole, too, was an interesting character, albeit a cranky and melancholy one initially. I should note that though I did very much enjoy this book, I am not as in love with it as I am with Shiver.  That's not stopping me from anxiously awaiting Forever, though!<br /><br />*I received this book free for review from the publisher.*
B000SJJCX4|3.0|Man!  I hate to say this, but you'll save some grief if you'll get the Fender PT-100 Pedal Tuner.  I have several Behringer items which I like.  This item is cheap.  Plastic rather than metal.  The battery cover is the pedal.  You have to punch pins in on both sides to get the cover off.  I took the screws out to figure this out (should have read the directions :-/).  Obviously, it's not obvious.  It also seems complicated to me.  The Fender is straight forward.  Plug it in and go.  This one has too many adjustments and buttons and settings.  The blue \\"on\\" indicator is so bright it makes it hard to focus on the LED that reads your key.  It actually leaves a little blue dot in your vision for a few moments.  It did not want to pick up the 5th, low C string on a 5 string bass.  It did fine on a 6 string guitar.  No, I didn't buy them.  I helped a friend set some up at his church.
B004G6009U|5.0|i am pretty esceptical when it comes to Disney movies, lately they havent been as good as in the second golden era....since Lion King, they been lacking something that i cannot put my finger on it, perhaps the human connection or the flair for humor that once was a staple.    but this movie, tangle, seems to have regain Disney's mojo...the characters, specially flynn and rapunzel are drawn with a certain degree of realness...plus, in the \\"duckling restaurant\\" scene it is marvelous to see that musical number and not fall off from your feet laughing and enjoying every minute of it...    it was a little off tho to see the villain for the first time take a rather simplistic approach, and not coming as close to the long list in the pantheon of Disney Villainess....she was rather, not too villain, if you can understand.    however well you put it, it is not the number one movie (that will always be Snow White), but certainly this is like a \\"clean slate\\" for the house that the mouse built, and a major success....hoping that is like The Little Mermaid and be the cathalist for a renew interest in hand-drawn animation and also for great storylines...wishing that this team gets to its maturity and learn from the past, a little like the second golden era learn from the past masters, but at the same time creating a new identity for themselves and keeping their innovative and amazing imagination!    highly recommended.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|when i came into reading class on my first day of sixth grade my teacher started talking about this awesome real cool novel.guess what .it was da da da daaaaaa.The Hunger Games.my teacher started reading started reading it out loud to my class.but since we only had like an an hour and ten or fifteen minutes.so she bought like seven copies so we could read to our selves.this is a very good book.i reccomend this book to any one who likes romance and or action.thank you.
B000B5OD4I|5.0|I spent a lot of time going back and forth between the Orient and this watch. I eventually went with this watch since I dive / spearfish and this Seiko is was more of an actual divers watch and not just a divers style watch. Although the amazon description didn't say anything about it, I found everywhere else online said that this watch comes with a wetsuit extension (divers extension). This was not the case! I was throughly disappointed when I received the watch and the bracelet had no extension. I decided to keep the watch despite the lack of this extension as I love the look and feel of the watch. Thus far it is keeping great time and I have received many compliments on it. On the Seiko side I am very happy with everything (despite the divers extension, which I am still not sure why this doesn't have one), but Amazon took 3 days just to ship this item out their doors.
B004FOA84A|2.0|I realy like the concept,  however, the story has an abrupt, disapointing ending. I dont thing it is worth 99 cents.  however if an update would continue the story and have game play twice as long, i will change my rating to reflect something more positive.
B0049P1VHS|5.0|This show is a high quality production with great effects and a fabulous story.  The bonus features included are well worth watching
B004L79VUI|1.0|~NOT HIS BEST ~ NOT LIKE LEVON~ SOUNDS LIKE ROBBIE IS STUCK IN THE 1980S~ SAVE YOUR MONEY AND BUY LEVONS CDS OR BOBS~ SAD!!
B004KPLVW2|5.0|I could not believe how good this movie looked on Blu Ray. Disney did an excellent job putting this movie to Blu Ray. I felt like a kid the first time in the movie theater when I went to see this movie. The picture quality is outstanding and also the sound. When the Master Control program is talking its nice and loud on a surround sound system. If your a fan of the original Tron and was wondering if to pick this up or not on blu ray just do yourself a favor and get it. I had watched Tron in theaters on VHS countless times and had the 20th aniversary edition on dvd and must say the picture quality far exceeds the standard dvd in picture and sound and is the closest your going to get to a theater experience of this movie. Just do yourself a favor and pick this one up while you can. A fan of this movie will not be disapointed.
0316069485|5.0|As always, I loved this installment of the Mickey Haller/Harry Bosch saga. For once though, there was a bit of a different dynamic. Harry Bosch's character flaws have always been obvious, but this time his personality and quirks were presented in a light that made him less sympathetic. My hero truly has feet of clay. As always, Mickey continues to be a wiseass, and we get to see a bit inside his ex-wife.<br /><br />The characters are presented as real people. The pacing moves along nicely. I did have one problem with this book: the writing flows so easily, I blasted through the book in short order, and was left wanting more. I hope and pray that Mr. Connelly continues to provide such wonderful reading.<br /><br />Thank you, sir, for providing my life with such fantastic reading. I have read every single one of your books (at least half in hard cover!). For anyone who has not yet read a Harry Bosch novel or Lincoln Lawyer, I humbly suggest that you go to the copyright page and find the earliest book you can. Then start reading these books in order of date. It has given me an enhanced pleasure to watch the characters grow over time, and how their lives interact with one another.<br /><br />Mr. Connelly, again, thank you so much!
0061714372|5.0|I knew who Dave was long before this book, but never paid much attention to him until I happened across The Guitar Sessions interview, and was so intrigued by this guy, I had to get the book and find out more about what makes him tick. I know some people thought he was using this book to whine and wallow in self pity.  I really didn't see it that way.  I came into this book not knowing anything about Dave or what to exepect from his story and I read it in a day as I was so engrossed.  This is Dave telling his story from his perspective and the way his life was altered by certain events.  I don't think it was intended as a History of Megadeth or a Dave Mustaine Guide to songwriting.  If that's what you're looking for, then maybe this isn't the book you want.  I also think  he played pretty fair, if by his choice or his lawyers, I don't know.  But more so, I liked the fact he didn't go into slinging dirt at everyone that crossed him, I think he just tells the story the way HE saw it, it's his life, his persepctive.  You don't have to like it or agree with it, but I think it's unfair to critize him for it.  I found him kind of inspirational in the way he kept fighting back.  He made a lot of his own misery and I think he owns up to that, but he also went about getting his life back, and that takes a lot of courage.  I admire him for it.<br /><br />Overall I found this to be a really enjoyable book.  Without going into too much detail, Mustaine shares some pretty personal things which couldn't have been easy.  If this book is a soul cleansing for him, then I really hope it helped.  For all the fans he may have lost because of this book, I imagine he gained twice as many new ones....yours truly included.
B004UNB1R4|1.0|THIS IS SAD :(  I LOVE THE BAND AND LEVON IS STILL RIGHT ON!!!  ROBBIE ~ THIS ISNT 1986!!!! WITH ALL THE TALENT ON THE CD HOW COULD IT STINK SO BAD? IS THIS THE MAN THAT WROTE \\"THE NIGHT THEY DROVE OLD DIXIE DOWN\\"? SAVE YOUR MONEY!! BUY LEVONS TWO GRAMMY CDS!!! I WANTED THIS CD SO BAD ! I WANTED ROBBIE TO BE SO GOOD~ BACK TO WHAT MADE YOU GREAT~ SIMPLE, DOWN TO EARTH MUSIC FOR WORKING CLASS PEOPLE! SORRY ROBBIE ~ A SWING AND A MISS !!!
0316069353|1.0|There is no reason to pay that much for a digital book... Simple greed.  I'll wait for the book at my local library.
B002ZG99QS|5.0|i never watched the first tron before to tell you the truth but i decided to watch this and i was amazed. first off Garrtet Hedlund is one of my favorite young actors especially after Friday Night Lights and he did great in the movie. Jeff Bridges who we all know is an excellent actor did a wonderful job as well. but not to demean these two great actors but i couldnt get my eyes off the BEAUTIFUL Olvia Wilde i probably wouldnt have watched the movie if it wasnt for her being in it. i also loved the visiuals in this movie they were great i just wished to see more of the Cycle matches i thought they were great the action is awesome. im going to keep this short and just go ahead and buy this movie after renting off Amazon and you should too.
B004JAUCQE|4.0|Another 4 star effort by my favorite Neil disciple.    We all know that J is sensitive because of songs like Keeblin', I Got Lost, Sideways, Flying Cloud, etc.  Until now, all of his releases have included one or two of these detailed pickin'/strummin' tunes.  But this album is more or less an entire showcase of quiet gems.    The guitar work is no less impressive than on the shreddy/slabby/crunchy noise-infested and distorted D Jr. albums that we all love.  It's just that this one is almost entirely acoustic.  And the impeccably folky playing is paired with excellent harmonies, like the matched courses of a 12 string guitar.  Great interplay, especially for this style of quiet tunes, it is fine music for the evening denouement.    It's like...the aural equivalent of an expertly-Shaded color pencil drawing.
B004G600A4|5.0|I cannot believe my 2yr old sat through this whole movie. She loved it. And so did my 4 yr, 6yr and 8yr old nieces. I even loved it. It is very funny and I couldnt wait to buy it
1400052173|5.0|This book takes on so many topics at the same time - the story of a young mother dying of cancer; the doctors who harvested cells from her body without her permission then used them for scientific research; the medical ethics of that research then (in the 1950s) and now; the research itself; and the woman's family, lied to and led along by doctors - and weaves them into a moving tale that will (or should) question what happens to your blood and tissues when given for medical tests. Rebecca Skloot, the author, deserves great praise for her dogged detective work to find all parts of the story and making the science understandable and moving.
B000FVE3BG|4.0|Hello all, I hope that this review proves to be useful. I purchased my Invicta 3329 a little over 4 months ago. I am usually a very scrupulous buyer, researching items high and low before making the decision to purchase. However, I was still new to watches and very much in love with the 3329. I first saw it at an outlet mall jewelry store then pursued it online. I did not make my final purchase from amazon because they did not have the 3329 at the time. I payed roughly $250 for the watch with an \\"msrp\\" of $525. I put quotes around msrp because Invicta is notorious for gouging the msrp price. They would more accurately represent their product by saying \\"compared to $525.\\" This is not to say the watch is of poor construction. In fact I have been very pleased. It is hefty, comfortable, and I have had no mechanical errors in the short time of my ownership. I do not regret the $250 spent, what I do regret is spending the $250 under false pretenses of immense savings. I would like to quickly mention Invicta's history. They were a Swiss watch company in the early 1900's but went out of business in the late '70s early '80s at the hand of cheap Japanese digital watches. Recently, however, a Texas company purchased the namesake \\"Invicta\\" and has begun making the watches you see today. Again, I like my watch, and am pleased with the overall construction. If anything, I am upset that I did not perform my investigative research till after I purchased the watch. For some of you, this review may have helped, others of you may have already known what I failed to realize till late. If the name (and the way other's perceive it) means more to you than the watch itself, you may want to look elswhere (Tissot, Bulova, Citizen, Seiko, etc.) Otherwise, there is a good watch to be had here.
0316056863|5.0|I'm a 24-year old male comedy writer living in L.A. and this book has taught me so much about breast feeding. The next time I see a suburban mom talking about feeding her baby, I'm gonna wonder if she's a `Teat Nazi' as Tina so kindly puts it. This is the first book I read in less than 24 hours, and I probably won't do that again for another 24 years. I get bored reading a Denny's menu, but I didn't want to put this down. If you're a Tina Fey fan, this will fulfill your expectations; it's a perfect blend of humor, adventure, and education. There are so many life lessons I learned like...it's okay to leave a restaurant in the middle of desert to go to Krispy Kreme before it closes. If someone yells \\"Bravo\\" on a cruise ship, it's NOT a good thing. And people will always want to have sex with Betty White. My favorite chapters were about Tina's childhood especially the one about her father being such a badass. I'm gonna read that chapter again the next time I need a pick me up. As an aspiring comedy writer, this book has definitely inspired me, and makes me want to do more improv. If you religiously watch \\"30 Rock\\" and \\"SNL,\\" and you can read, you should pick this up!
B003S6T5U4|2.0|The songs are pleasant enough; the lyrics are clever enough; the musicianship is adequate.  But the variety of melodies is just not there.  I never knew of this band until Amazon recommended it, and I bought it; I wish I hadn't.
B0047Y17P2|1.0|it IS ridiculous to charge more for the e-version.  since this price gouging reflects the publisher's demand, i'll get the book at the library and not give them or michael connelly any of my money.  this is beyond greedy and the only way to protest that they care about is by withholding your $$$$.
B0041KKYEM|5.0|Fascinating movie and has more truth in it than one might think. Striving to be perfect at any cost, doing everything in one's power and beyond to get what you want, loosing one's mind while striving for perfection. The thing with this movie is that is just a bit exaggerated and that's what most find disturbing, in my opinion. It's not a movie you want to see twice because it is so intense but it's definitely worth seeing
B002RWKSII|5.0|I absolutely LOVE this album from beginning to end, although admittedly I was somewhat apprehensive just thinking about what the music of George Gerswhin (so identifiable as iconic classics of late 20s and 30s) might sound like with the vocals and musical stylings of Brian Wlison. But from the heavenly harmony of the Rhapsody in Blue intro on the album, I could not help but smile and feel transported to a time when I would drive up the Pacific Coast Highway in a convertible listening to classic Beach Boys music.  First, it is SO wonderful to once again hear the pure, strong voice of Brian Wilson singing. And his new adaptions 'reimaginings' of Gershwin's music is a tribute to the legendary composier yet also conveys the creativity and vocal genius of Brian Wilson.  If you are expecting to hear Wilson sing the same arrangements that have been done for almost 80 years, think again. Remember, this is Brian Wilson, the man the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame hails as \\"One of the few undisputed genuises in popular music\\". What Wilson brings to this album is a unique, innovative and updated intepretation of Gerswhin's music that also showcases his angelic voice, and his legendary strengths with musical and background vocal arrangements. For me, from beginning to end, this album is brilliant and refreshing.<br /><br />One must remember that Gerswhin was a classically trained pianist and composer whose music crossed over from classical to popular, as well as Broadway and film.  Gershwin himself was influenced by many types of music and artists, particularly French composers in the early 20th cenutry.  In turn, his music inspired other composers as well as performing artists.  So many artists have recorded his music over the years, from Fred Astaire, Frank Sinatra, Miles Davis -- even Janis Joplin.  I definitely feel Gerswhin would sit back and smile softly to hear Brian Wilson's interpretive album. It should also be noted that the Gerswhin estate approached Brian Wilson to record an album covering Gershwin's songs -- and to complete two piano pieces Gerswhin had not finished at the time of his death in 1937. When you think of other artists they could have approached since 1937, it certainly speaks well of their respect and admiration for Brian Wilson and his musical genius.bum covering Gershwin's songs -- and to complete two piano pieces Gerswhin had not finished at the time of his death in 1937. When you think of other artists they could have approached since 1937, it certainly speaks well of their respect and admiration for Brian Wilson and his musical genius.
0143038419|5.0|I really, genuinely loved how candidly Elizabeth Gilbert wrote about her one year experience abroad seeking EVERYTHING. There were a couple of indulgent parts, but most of it was quite entertaining and introspective. She does express her beliefs off and on throughout it, but does not push those beliefs on her readers. I am not surprised there are some negative reviews written by the spiritually narrow-minded. Most of our world struggles and challenges come from a root in this type of one-way thinking. It doesn't anger me, but it makes me sad for them. However, we cannot let the imprisoned thoughts of others keep us tied down from experiencing all God and the universe has to offer those that truly seek! I am not in a place in my life to be able to jaunt off and take this type of spiritual journey, but I truly enjoyed living it vicariously through the the author's experience. I definitely recommend this book to those openly searching for more in life.
B0047Y17P2|1.0|I own a Kindle and e-books is what I buy now. But I refuse to be taken advantage of and support a greedy publisher by paying an absurd price for something that involved no manufacturing costs. Get real Little, Brown and Company! It's the digital era and authors will soon start to bypass greedy publishers like you and sell their books online, straight to their customers!
0316069353|5.0|The fourth installment of the Lincoln Lawyer series is the best one yet. Mickey Haller is evolving and becoming a very real character. The supporting cast also gets fleshed out nicely this time out. The story is timely to today's headlines and done in a very interesting and completely enjoyable way. The pacing is fast and the story keeps you engaged from start to finish. I was sorry when it ended, it is by far the best book I have read this year. Maybe longer.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|These versions are not the originals, and should not be titled as such.  They should be called the \\"Special Edition Trilogy\\" or something to that effect.  To those that don't see any real difference between the original theatrical releases, and the special editions from the 90's, I pity your understanding of story telling.      Minor, even TINY, edits and/or changes can have a huge impact on character (Han) and pace.  If you are some gum chewer that can't readily discern such nuance, count yourself lucky.  Your limited perceptions will probably allow you to lead a happier life, given your blissful ignorance to your surroundings.
B004G6009U|5.0|My daughter loves this movie.  We saw it in theaters.  I would total recommend this for anyone that has a little princess in their house.
B000002U8G|3.0|Very interesting CD. There are only 5 or 6 cuts on this CD. All but the last one sounded like experimental cuts. The last one,Echoes, is vintage Pink Floyd and goes on for 23.5 minutes. Worth the price of the disk!
B002DW92SE|5.0|I really enjoy Nick Hornby's breezy, entertaining style, and the sharp dialog -- external and internal -- of his characters. I found myself rooting for the main characters in this book (except maybe Duncan). In fact, I'd like to know where they all go from here.
0812550757|5.0|On the colony world of Lusitania, xenologist Pipo and his apprentice study the natives. They call them piggies, because the Lusitania native sentients (or are they?) resemble nothing as much as that to Terran eyes. The Humans live inside a barrier, a fence that causes impossible pain to anyone attempting to climb over it; and only the xenologist can operate its gate. 13-year-Novinha, whose parents died discovering the means by which Humans can survive despite the way Lusitania alters them, wants nothing more than to pass the xenologists' examination and join Pipo in his work - and so she does. Then comes the day when the piggies kill Pipo. After which Novinha, grief-stricken at the loss of this man who has become her second father, calls off-world for the services of a Speaker for the Dead. She retracts her request shortly afterward, but not before it reaches Andrew Wiggin on Trondheim.<br /><br />No one on Trondheim, or elsewhere for that matter, knows that Andrew Wiggin is actually 3000 years old - not 35, as he appears thanks to the effects of star travel. No one but his sister, Valentine, who has married on Trondheim after following her beloved little brother everywhere since \\"Ender\\" Wiggin destroyed the alien buggers' home-world and earned himself first Humankind's gratitude...and then, the shameful title of Ender the Xenocide. For the buggers actually meant Humans no harm, and until now no other fellow sentient species has been discovered.<br /><br />Andrew will not ask pregnant Valentine to come with him one more time. The 22-year journey to Lusitania passes, for him, in only a few days. Which means that he finds not the young girl Novinha, but a woman newly widowed and embittered by secrets that threaten to destroy her six children as well as Novinha herself. Uncovering secrets is one of the greatest skills the original Speaker for the Dead possesses. Not only Novinha's secrets, but those of Lusitania and its natives, too.<br /><br />This is the best Orson Scott Card book I have yet read. Its world-building works beautifully, and its characters manage just the right balance between being flawed and sympathetic. The best, part, though, is the alienness of the piggies. Just when they seem so easy to understand in Human terms - that's when they turn out to be anything else but. A fantastic read if you enjoy imaginative SF!<br /><br />--Reviewed by Nina M. Osier, author of 2005 science fiction EPPIE winner \\"Regs\\"t read. Its world-building works beautifully, and its characters manage just the right balance between being flawed and sympathetic. The best, part, though, is the alienness of the piggies. Just when they seem so easy to understand in Human terms - that's when they turn out to be anything else but. A fantastic read if you enjoy imaginative SF!    --Reviewed by Nina M. Osier, author of 2005 science fiction EPPIE winner \\"Regs\\"
B003FXXNH6|5.0|Undisputed two and three are the best real fighting action movies ever.and blood and bone.they all have great story lines to.
B004G600A4|5.0|Already a family favorite.  I think I've already seen it 4 times and we've only had it a few day.  Highly recommended for anyone.
0439813786|5.0|5 star plus. Two wonderful tales can be told of this book, or perhaps three:<br /><br />1) The story itself is a great adventure for young minds - you can read other review for more on this.<br /><br />2) The images are stand alone - and do indeed tell the story as well.<br /><br />3) For promoting literacy for young learners it is a gem. Although a 500+ page book the blend of text and images makes such a lengthy volume a manageable task for young readers. There is no question is can bridge confidence in the literary world, and enjoyable bridge, into even more challenging literary terrain.
B004J713JW|2.0|I received my BluRay version today. Had read an earlier review about a bad audio mix from a Best Buy disc. Well, apparentely nothing has been done to correct it, because the 5.1 mix is not good. Billy voice way too loud, drums, especially cymbals and other percussion instruments pretty much go unheard, and with the size of the band on stage, it is empty sounding. Like something's missing. I have an upper mid-range sound system and it just sounds flat and hollow. Compared to many other Blu Ray's, and even regular DVD's it is not a good sounding disc. The picture is great. Absolutely no extras to be found, however.     I turned down my center speaker quite a bit because Billy's voice was overpowering, but it still sounds empty.    Update few weeks later: Depends on what equipment your listening to this on to determine sound issues. In the Dolby Digital 5.1 mix, Billy's voice is way too far out front in the center speaker and dominates the overall sound. And, there is basically nothing in the rear speakers. The PCM 5.1 mix is bassy and muffled. I've been listening to the DD 5.1 mix with the center channel turned down a bunch and the rear speakers turned up a bunch. It is OK, but the mix is also different and better in the three (Tyler, Daltrey, Mellencamp)bonus tracks for some reason.  If you are listening to this through TV speakers in stereo or through a cheap all in one system, you're probably not going to notice any audio issues.     Overall, I am very happy with the purchase, the show is fantastic. I think my initial shock at the sound mix dimmed my overall feelings. I just don't think that I should have to adjust my equipment for certain DVD's/BluRays to get the best sound. I know there are a few concert discs over the years that I've had to tweak somewhat, but very rare.
B002ZG9800|1.0|I love Jim Carey and usually his movies are quite funny. But this is a real \\"stinker\\" (pun intended) and should be avoided. It is a complete waste of time and money. This is NOT a funny movie unless one is \\"gay\\". Seeing two grown men making out with each other in scene after scene gets real old fast, unless one is \\"gay\\". I can't believe that Carey did a \\"stinker\\" of a movie like this. All I can say is \\"buyer beware\\" as there is nothing redeeming or comical about this movie. I hope for Carey's sake that his next movie at least has a couple of laughs in it. One star only!
1608870081|5.0|I was so amazed at the price of this book (I paid less than $8.00) that I bought 3 copies - one for my collectable collection, one for a fellow collector and one for me to open and have fun with!  Despite the fact the cover leads one to believe the book encompasses just outtakes from the 3rd movie, I was surprised to find this was not the case.  Definately a book worth having for not only the serious collector but anyone who loves these kind of books.
B002GY9F9K|5.0|So yeah, this is one to watch.  Which means of course - that it's been canceled.  Now I'm not going to say every TV exec is a douche... well, okay... maybe I am... but come on!    The sound effects are cheesy, but the story lines are great interesting fun.    The female lead is a bit too perfect - yeah, it's possible.    And the male hero is well - too pretty.    That said, their acting is spot-on, terrific, wonderbar!    Watch it, you'll be happy you did.    Oh - and if I could trade places with Denna for just half an hour... yeah... 'nough said!    Cheers!
038541627X|4.0|Although you can't necessarily call \\"The Complete Stories: Vol 1\\" a definitive collection - as it lacks all the short stories from I Robot, as well as a few others - its worth should be immediately apparent to any Asimov fan. As a collection of somewhere around fifty stories, it's to be expected that not all of them reach the \\"genius level,\\" typical of Asimov's writing, but the gems far outshine the duds, and the shear number of quality stories makes the entire collection a worthwhile read. For me, the first few stories were probably the weakest, with the best stuff coming in the last two-thirds of the book. Standouts include \\"Profession\\" (my personal favorite,) \\"The Dying Night,\\" \\"Living Space,\\" \\"I'm in Marsport without Hilda,\\" \\"All the Troubles in the World,\\" \\"The Last Question,\\" \\"The Ugly Little Boy,\\" \\"Nightfall,\\" \\"Green Patches,\\" \\"Hostess,\\" \\"Breeds There a Man?\\" \\"C-Chute,\\"In a Good Cause,\\" \\"What If,\\" \\"Sally,\\" \\"It's Such A beautiful Day,\\" \\"Strikebreaker,\\" \\"And Jokester.\\" In the Introduction, Asimov names \\"The Last Question,\\" and the \\"Ugly Little Boy,\\" his first and third favorite short-stories. If you pick this book up, and the first couple of stories don't knock your socks-off, you are urged to skip to any of the ones listed above. Overall, a great collection.
1591843790|5.0|Enchantment\\" is the perfect title for this book.  The word Enchantment is captivating in itself - as is this book.  In Enchantment, Guy Kawasaki  delivers a  reservoir of lessons and potent tips on how to ignite change.  The book overflows with golden nuggets of wisdom delivered in palatable, well written and easy to comprehend sound bytes ----news you can use.<br /><br />In Enchantment, Guy removed all of the speed bumps that he talks about (in developing a brand) and took me straight to the heart and soul of what matters in business, in day-to-day life.<br /><br />If you have any apprehension or caution about plunging into finding your gift, pursuing your passions or realizing your dream - read and inhale every word of Enchantment.  -Then send the butterflies from your stomach to your heart - and free fall into the joy of success as you taste and share the sublime art of enchantment.  Thanks so much,  Guy, for writing this much needed book!
B0041KKYDI|4.0|Brilliantly photographed and stylishly directed survival saga that seems to work on almost every level except one...    The finished film seems a bit too intent on being flashy and hip...ends up losing site of some of the humanity and emotion inherent in it's hero's perilous predicament (The DVD release ends up emphasizing this slight remoteness by featuring an extended version of the film's coda that HAS much more depth and humanity...so I can vouch for the disc to any viewers who were less than swept away in the theater).    Dynamic acting from up and comer James Franco (so un-dynamic while hosting the Oscars despite his nomination for this role) is probably the main incentive to add this to a DVD library...    (P.S. : The much discussed \\"self surgery\\" scene which upset many viewers in theaters did not seem overly graphic to me on DVD).
B004UNB1R4|5.0|I will keep it short and sweet. This has similarities  to Storyville & you really hear the guitar sound from \\"The Band! I am a massive Band fan & a professional musician..I like this album top to bottom which is rare. the last one I liked like that was Le Noise from Neil Young. the truth is these are the guys who wrote the book. The highlights  for me are straight down the line,When the night was young,Right mistake,fear of falling & especially \\"This is where i get off\\" which kind of answers some questions about departing from The Band. we all know there was baggage. But were we there? probably not. He was. But that track made me cry because I have been around some of those guys & know some of the story. It is surreal & rock n roll can be dangerous too in this tune he sounds the truth. And Robbie & Eric Clapton playing together on \\"This is where i get Off & singing together on Fear of Falling reminds me a little of Eric & George Harrison. these guys love playing together. Check the ego at door! Play/laugh/cry & tell a story. And you hear EC's touch and the instrumentals have that Robbie sound with a touch of 70's Clapton.Also Robert Randolph has a left center edge with his steel playing which is fresh air instead of having the usual arsenal of session people..Nothing cliche & obvious which is fabulous..They compliment each other beautifully & guitar wise never a silly note that shouldn't be there. guitar player do your homework.:)) Less is More!! Steve Winwood is a class treasure on the hammond organ & you get his sound quick. Great pocket from Pino Paladino & Ian Thomas. This is a guy who can tell a story & vibe it till you cry. Love this album! Every Track!! This will stay in the Ipod for the long haul! Get this
0316069353|1.0|I don't understand why the Kindle version costs $14.99!  I had just decided to purchase a Kindle and noticed that some of the books I want to buy cost more or the same as the hardcover version.  That is JUST WRONG!  When I see this happening, I won't buy either version.
B0041KKYEM|1.0|My wife wanted to see this because of the oscar nominations. We could barely finish it. Didn't know Portman was such of a bad actress. The plot ended up so rediculous that I predicted the death scene. Last time we buy a movie based on Oscars nominations.
B004FRX0MY|5.0|getting better and better and better and better and better<br /> getting better and better and better and better and better<br /> getting better and better and better and better and better<br />Why 25 word minimum on reviews?
030726999X|5.0|Do not read this if you are going to read the book and want to be surprised by every facet of the story. This 3rd book explains the origin of the conspiracy against Lisbeth Salander. It is a secret handful of agents (The Section) within the Swedish secret police (SAPO - sort of the equivalent of the CIA), who have been protecting the identity of Lisbeth's father (Zalachenko), who is a Russian KGB defector. He has turned into a vicious crook, whose crimes the Section has been keeping hidden so that he can continue to provide them with information. One of his crimes has been his continual abuse and beating of the woman who is Lisbeth's mother. Lisbeth at the age of 12 finally has had enough of his abuse of her mother, and throws burning gasoline into Zalachenko's car, leaving him badly scarred and with a limp. The Section has her declared mentally ill and incompetent, and has her put in an institution. The book only slowly reveals that the Section is behind all this. There are several subplots plus many characters, whose Swedish names I had a little trouble keeping straight. Although she will not admit it, Lisbeth falls for Bloomquist, whom she helped in uncovering the killer in the first of the 3 books. This book ends (so I thought) with the trial that finally exonerates Lisbeth and reveals the true culprits. But there is a surprising coda, in which she encounters her half-brother, who did much of the dirty work for Zalachenko. I am not a big fan of Larsson's writing style, which includes much unnecessary detail about showers taken and sandwiches made and eaten, but I still give this an enthusiastic 8 on my scale
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I literally could not put this book down. I even had it sitting on my desk next to my keyboard reading as i feigned working.
B00004IC9G|3.0|The debut album by metal's loudest band, is simply more bark than bite, it sounds more to me like biker or ex con music than anything else. It shows is age from beginning to end, but is honest. Is incredible to consider that they have been around this long , almost 30 years! if you are a fan get it, if not pass it by.
0547258305|4.0|Well written, well devloped, interesting plot, and lovable characters! What more could you ask for? Oh yeah! A prequel! (Which was also very good, if not better!)
B001UV4XHY|2.0|Since there is so many great reviews already written, I will just give a brief suggestion.  I've read all the books at least three times each and never get bored and actually have discovered a new detail I missed before.  It's like a treasure.  I think why this movie, as well as the Half Blood Prince fail us is because the lack of important dialogue!  Seriously the beauty of the Harry Potter series is all the discussion between the characters that draw us in and make us a part of the story.    A small example in this movie of lost valueable script: In the book, when Harry is digging the grave for Doby, he is making the most important decision between Horcux or Hallows(hense the tittle of the book!)but in the movie there was no reference to it.  I saw the movie with my family, that have not read the book but are fans of the stories and movies, were absolutely lost when the movie shows Harry digging the grave and \\"He who must not be named\\" taking the wand from Dumbledore.  Couldn't the movie producers added a short conversation among Harry, Ron and Hermanie explaining that?  Really they added a bunch of other parts that are absolutely meaningless, like the dance scene.  Through the whole movie I had to constantly explained what was going on so the movie would make sense to everyone else.  It was so disappointing, and they too lost interest in watching the movie.    It's so simple.  All the last two movies really needed to make them as great as the first three was more dialogue!  I'm not even sure we're going to bother to go to the theatre for the final film.  We'll just wait for in it to go on DVD.  I'm tired of the emptiness in the films when the books give so much more.
B004M20YDU|4.0|To go with the release of Tron and Tron Legacy on dvd/blu ray disney has seen fit to put out a remix album of Daft Punk's soundtrack for Tron Legacy, what follows is a pretty good album and while some of the songs stray from the DP songs that doesn't mean they still aren't great songs that not only enhance what DP did but are able to stand on their own as well.<br /><br />Derezzed by Glitch Mob<br />-Pretty good mix that features the riff that everyone and their mom remembers most about this song, the slow breakdown at the 2:38 mark is a nice piece to complement the overall driving beat of the song as it's constantly building up and up<br /><br />Fall by M83 vs. Big Black Delta<br />-This is the only song that I can't stand on this album. If the super annoying \\"NA NA NAAAAA!!!\\" wasn't on this track it might have been able to be a nice song as from what I can here when that damn voice isn't going on the melody and break beats are great but as since you hear that voice constantly there's no way to save this one<br /><br />The Grid by The Crystal Method<br />-Crystal Method work their magic on this one and going into this you might have the attitude of \\"ok guys wow me\\". The mixing in of Jeff Bridges's lines from the original version at different moments is a nice touch and was great at the 2:50 mark to go with the mellow tempo the song hits before it goes into a rising upbeat tempo that mixes in DP's version. This is one of the stand outs on this album<br /><br />Adagio For Tron by Teddybears<br />-Nice that another stand out on the album is right after another one. While DP's version is not fully evident here I must tip my hat to Teddybears for going all out with this as the nice break beat trance shifts into a amazing \\"hook\\" like mode at the 2:10 mark that is perfect for either nodding your head or dancing before the slow dub/break kicks in at 2:50 and over time slowly adds in elements previously used earlier in the song. Like Derezzed from the soundtrack I'd like to see a video for this<br /><br />The Son Of Flynn by KI: Theroy<br />-It took a bit for this one to grow on me as I love the intro but wasn't sure about the semi-horns blaring off and on but the underlying DP riffs under it helped save it, the break in the middle was greatly need before it kicks back into the beat full force<br /><br />C.L.U. by Paul Oakenfold<br />-Like Chemical Brothers before him I came in this with my arms crossed waiting to be wowed and the s.o.b. didn't disappoint me. The slow build of the drum beat builds to the \\"horns\\" at .33 before kicking into DP's at .38 seconds before bringing the horns back in. I could see this being C.L.U.'s theme to walk into during his battle arena entrance and also used during his battle with Sam especially at 1:50 when drums come in and the song slows( perfect for mid air fights ). Then at 2:20 on the dot Paul kicks it into full on rave mode with some break beats before bringing DP back into the mix, as someone else said this song can be played in the clubs and I wouldn't be surprised to hear it<br /><br />Son Of Flynn by Moby<br />-While two versions of one song didn't sit with me at first( they couldn't just get him to do another song all together? ) I will say this is more in tune to what DP did and has more of their sound on it then KI: Theroy and this is shown big time 3 minutes into it. It would have been nice if Moby had strayed a bit more like everyone else did can't fault the guy for sticking to the first rule of remixing a song.<br /><br />End Of Line( Boys Noise Remix ) by Boys Noise<br />-This is another song I can see being played in the clubs or elecTRONica at disneyland if it was still going on. Taking liberties with DP's version the most goes to these guys as there's enough mixing and mashing going on here seconds into the song, throw in the big break down at 3:40 and you can pretty mush see the ravers going nuts on the dance floor<br /><br />Rinzler by Kaskade<br />-Kaskade added some nice touchesto the original and sets the haunting and fast mood for this track before changing the tempo at 1:50 to a more quick up beat peppy mood. Sure it seems like an odd fit given how glum and serious Rinzler was in the movie but fits when you think of how \\"chipper\\" he can be at times as well ( like during his scene at the End Of Line Club ) before towards the end going back to serious and haunting<br /><br />Encom Part 2 by Com Truise<br />-Fit's perfectly in remixing the original but also adding it's own stamp to it with the drums and synths to start the song then catching synth fever in the middle. While it does not do enough to stand out enough from the heavy hitters on this album as the full force of the song comes a bit late and you might tune out of it by then it is still a great track and works as a great buffer being in between Kaskade and Photek's songs<br /><br />End Of Line by Photek<br />-As with Moby's version of a already remixed song this too puts the original's sound in the forefront but there's enough added to where it's not a full on recycling for at the middle around 2:10 it hit's a slow break before brining the original back in quick on and off segments in a synth trance with some horns thrown in towards the end<br /><br />Arena by The Japanese Popstars<br />-While not something I'd think to hear at a battle arena given how the song starts out with fading sounds but the tempo semi changes enough you hear the original beat, while it doesn't stand out from the pack it's still a nice edition to it and works great to give yourself a break from wearing out the other songs<br /><br />Derezzed by AVICII<br />-Not the best mix and does stray from the original  but changes that familiar riff to a more higher tone and then changes up again forgoing the original. Like Arena it doesn't do much to stand out but like that tune it's far better then the remix for Fall<br /><br />Solar Sailer by Pretty Lights<br />-If I didn't know better I'd swear they had sampled a bit from a old Golden Axe song but then bits from DP comes in and they throw a bit of faint singing in the background, while it feels off putting at first it compliments the song when it comes back later. Granted if you're not wearing headphones you might not bea able to hear that part of the song, while that doesn't take away the enjoyment it's still a nice touch to it.<br /><br />Tron Legacy( End Credits ) by Sander Kleinenberg<br />-Like Moby this song follows the first rule of remixing and if it ain't broke why fix it or fix it all the way at least. Flashes of the original slips through but there's enough here to make it a fun synth dance number before it gives way to putting that popular riff from the original in the front and even throws in Jeff Bridges line from his speech heard in \\"The Grid\\"<br /><br />While apparently this release differs from the australian version with the loss of a couple songs there's still enough here that keeps you entertained and like the original soundtrack the loss of a couple songs still didn't make it less of a great album and it's a perfect companion to the original soundtrack and worth the four start and the price.re quick up beat peppy mood. Sure it seems like an odd fit given how glum and serious Rinzler was in the movie but fits when you think of how \\"chipper\\" he can be at times as well ( like during his scene at the End Of Line Club ) before towards the end going back to serious and haunting    Encom Part 2 by Com Truise  -Fit's perfectly in remixing the original but also adding it's own stamp to it with the drums and synths to start the song then catching synth fever in the middle. While it does not do enough to stand out enough from the heavy hitters on this album as the full force of the song comes a bit late and you might tune out of it by then it is still a great track and works as a great buffer being in between Kaskade and Photek's songs    End Of Line by Photek  -As with Moby's version of a already remixed song this too puts the original's sound in the forefront but there's enough added to where it's not a full on recycling for at the middle around 2:10 it hit's a slow break before brining the original back in quick on and off segments in a synth trance with some horns thrown in towards the end    Arena by The Japanese Popstars  -While not something I'd think to hear at a battle arena given how the song starts out with fading sounds but the tempo semi changes enough you hear the original beat, while it doesn't stand out from the pack it's still a nice edition to it and works great to give yourself a break from wearing out the other songs    Derezzed by AVICII  -Not the best mix and does stray from the original  but changes that familiar riff to a more higher tone and then changes up again forgoing the original. Like Arena it doesn't do much to stand out but like that tune it's far better then the remix for Fall    Solar Sailer by Pretty Lights  -If I didn't know better I'd swear they had sampled a bit from a old Golden Axe song but then bits from DP comes in and they throw a bit of faint singing in the background, while it feels off putting at first it complimentsthe song when it comes back later. Granted if you're not wearing headphones you might not bea able to hear that part of the song, while that doesn't take away the enjoyment it's still a nice touch to it.    Tron Legacy( End Credits ) by Sander Kleinenberg  -Like Moby this song follows the first rule of remixing and if it ain't broke why fix it or fix it all the way at least. Flashes of the original slips through but there's enough here to make it a fun synth dance number before it gives way to putting that popular riff from the original in the front and even throws in Jeff Bridges line from his speech heard in \\"The Grid\\"    While apparently this release differs from the australian version with the loss of a couple songs there's still enough here that keeps you entertained and like the original soundtrack the loss of a couple songs still didn't make it less of a great album and it's a perfect companion to the original soundtrack and worth the four start and the price.
B0036EH3U2|5.0|If you are a  BSG fan, and you wouldn't bother reading these reviews if you weren't a fan, this is the collection you want. It has the webisodes (Face of the Enemy, The Resistance), it has The Plan, it has Razor (broadcast and extended), it has the deleted scenes, it has the video diaries (DE), it has the podcast commentaries (RM), it has great packaging that fits on your shelf where everything is clearly labeled. And Amazon has it all for about $100 cheaper than Best Buy...    So say we all.
6305428352|5.0|I wanted to find an old favorite and was having difficulty, so when I saw it on this website, I immediately purchased it. It arrived in a timely manner and I was able to watch the movie with my daughter and her friend. We all loved it!
B001HQZJPM|4.0|I was excited to share \\"The Mummy\\" with my niece. I first watched it when my sons were young so it was fun see it again through her eyes.
030745455X|5.0|Again, implausibly, Larsen managed to exceed expectations with an even better successor to the original.  Great development of character and plot, never sure what's coming, and an exciting ride!
B002ZG9800|5.0|I LOVE YOU PHILLIP MORRIS is a rare film, one that hopefully will draw enough audience support because of the participation of  Jim Carrey and Ewan McGregor, two of cinema's favorite actors taking on a project that, while controversial to some, ends up being one of the best and most tender love stories on film. The bizarre aspect of this film is that it is based on a book by Steven McVicker whose life story is revealed in the autobiographical book 'I Love You Phillip Morris: A True Story of Life, Love, and Prison Breaks'. The author's true name is Steven Jay Russell, born 1957, a US con artist and impostor, known for escaping from prison multiple times, earning numerous nicknames, including \\"Houdini\\" and \\"King Con\\".  The book was adapted for the screen and directed by Glenn Ficarra and John Requa who have been successful in transferring the flavor and the facts of the book into a movie that is part comedy, part drama, and part social commentary.<br /><br />After a brief but meaningful flashback to his youth the film opens with Steven Russell (Jim Carrey, in a career defining role) as a policeman married to hyper-religious Debbie (Leslie Mann) and father to a loving daughter. Steven knows he was adopted and in his role as a policeman he has access to records that bring to finding his biological mother (Barbara Bascombe) who denies his existence.  Steven is crushed and realizing he has been living a life of a constant lie (he has known since childhood that he is gay) has an automobile wreck, survives, but decides to inform his wife that he is gay.  The family moves from Georgia to Texas where Steven wiles his way through jobs as a con artist, finally living an 'out' life with boyfriend Jimmy (the brilliant Brazilian actor Rodrigo Santoro who is far too underused in American films).  Finding that he cannot support his expensive tastes on his salary he begins his Con Artist career, eventually ending in prison where he adjusts to life, works the system, and falls in love with a sweet little 'blue eyed blond' Phillip Morris (Ewan McGregor).  The attraction between the two men is credible and the manner in which Carrey and McGregor create these roles is sincere, healthy, and for once not a parody of gay relationships but instead is a case study in healthy love relationships.  The remainder of the film is a series of tricks and manipulations by Steven to get released from prison so that he can get Phillip released.  It is a series of events that were it not fact would leave the audience saying 'that's not possible', but the story is true and the manner in which the story ends is a revelation.<br /><br />The film is a fine study of the mind of a brilliant con artist coupled with a very tender tale of love and devotion between the two main characters.  The script is excellent with many moments of dialogue that should be quoted but would alter the joy of hearing them fresh as the viewer becomes involved with the characters. Jim Carrey gives his best performance ever, Ewan McGregor continues to impress with the spectrum of his acting skills, and the supporting cast, even in the small cameos is exemplary.  This is a very fine film that deserves a wide audience - for many, many reasons.  Grady Harp, April 11with a sweet little 'blue eyed blond' Phillip Morris (Ewan McGregor).  The attraction between the two men is credible and the manner in which Carrey and McGregor create these roles is sincere, healthy, and for once not a parody of gay relationships but instead is a case study in healthy love relationships.  The remainder of the film is a series of tricks and manipulations by Steven to get released from prison so that he can get Phillip released.  It is a series of events that were it not fact would leave the audience saying 'that's not possible', but the story is true and the manner in which the story ends is a revelation.<br /><br />The film is a fine study of the mind of a brilliant con artist coupled with a very tender tale of love and devotion between the two main characters.  The script is excellent with many moments of dialogue that should be quoted but would alter the joy of hearing them fresh as the viewer becomes involved with the characters. Jim Carrey gives his best performance ever, Ewan McGregor continues to impress with the spectrum of his acting skills, and the supporting cast, even in the small cameos is exemplary.  This is a very fine film that deserves a wide audience - for many, many reasons.  Grady Harp, April 11
0307271862|1.0|Very cumbersome read, implausible plot, far too much suspension of disbelief but without the entertainment value to demand it.  This novel was recommneded as comprable to the 'Girl with the Dragon Tattoo series' but has no comparisons other than Sweden!  Moreover, it tries to score some political points, which is usually a dangerous gambit, but fails miserably
B00007LTIA|4.0|If you've read my title, this is a splendid piece of work, by talented musicians and composers, that shows the technical limits of each player and the format of the time.   This could have been written in movements, which would have made it easier to, maybe, get a few playable edits for on air performance. But this wasn't the goal of the group, or of prog groups of the time. Other reviewers had mentioned Genesis \\"The Lamb Lies Down On Broadway\\" from 1974 but, this was actually released in the UK in '73 so it was written and recorded around their \\"Selling England by the Pound\\", GG's \\"Free Hand\\", Tull's \\"A Passion Play\\" and ELP's \\"Brain Salad Surgery\\", to name a few of the players in the prog arena. Tull's offering being the one closest to this format, albeit a single album, but only 1 piece, split in two by comic relief \\"The Hare Who Lost His Spectacles\\". Some would argue that Tull is not to be included in this category, but look at their breadth of work. Who knows what these musicians would have done with today's technology, and recording limits. This is indeed the same for this Yes work. Limited only by format, and the time provided on a side of vinyl, to showcase their compositional prowess.   Musically diverse, well composed and performed, but showing the physical limits of, especially, Steve Howe's playing. Dexterity on the quicker passages are not his forte', but if you find a smoother player for these, you'd lose the composition and style of Steve, which is a signature of Yes. His slower, ethereal licks, and acoustic parts are to be vigorously applauded. Rick Wakeman is the backseat leader in this work. I say \\"backseat\\" as Steve's playing dominates the mix up front. Rick is probably the most accomplished player, next to Chris Squire, who's performances are both on point. But take a supporting role, with little time to stretch, even in this lengthy compositional offering. They drive and lead the composition's directions around the difficult lyrical cadences andsometimes self-indulgent guitar. Keyboards are crucial to Yes' compositions, as Tony Banks' are to Genesis. Chris' performance is fantastic as usual. As the other half of the rhythm section, Alan White's performance is no standout. But, just to play this type of music in the first place, makes you no slouch. You've heard this music before, and after, just never this much at one sitting. \\"BURP\\" I'm full.  Now, I'm more of a musician's musician, I prefer instrumentals, and vocals, can get in the way of a proper composition. (my opinion) They have their place, and Jon Anderson delivers them in his breathy, somewhat weak, style. His vocal style IS Yes, for better or worse. Prose are tough to put to music. Lyrics here are something I only follow for the melody, difficult to understand in the mix at times, and set too far apart for congruity. If his vocals were more upfront in the mix it would detract from the finished product. His vocal limitations too apparent. How much \\" La la la la la\\" can you listen to? This is the case in \\"Ritual...\\" I guess he needed something to do during 20 minutes. Melody and harmonies are Yes. And I like the sound, but I don't care what they're saying. Certainly not going to sing along to this type of music.   Overall a strong group statement, in a format that will probably never be realized again. If it can't be sung along to, or danced to within a 3 minute time period, no $$$ for you! Can't sell it! The illiterate and mediocre have money to spend. If you are one of the aforementioned folks, run. Run away screaming, as this would make your little head explode. Leave this, as well as anything important, to those of us who can comprehend and appreciate. There . . . I said it!  So put this in your collection. Try to put 2 hours on hold and listen to it without interruption. Tough, I know. But worth a shot. Like I said before... my opinion.
B001MEJY8W|4.0|This movie is what happens when a mad scientist creates a hybrid of Hostel, The People Under The Stairs, The Passion of the Christ, and Hellraiser.  This is an impressive horror movie that tries to be more than just an excuse for gore and scares and largely succeeds.<br /><br />That said, this is an extremely harsh and graphic film, with a lot of unsettling subject matter and visuals.  Not recommended for the faint of heart.<br /><br />One could argue that this is just an artsy exploitation flick.  To that, I counter with the simplest of arguments: exploitation films exist for the visceral thrill, whereas art continues to live with you after the experience on emotional and intelligent levels.  Martyrs will stay with you for a while, will make you think and remember the characters, and for that alone, this film rises above pure exploitation.
B002JVWR9U|5.0|My title for this review doesn't cut it, in fact i was extremely surprised. First let me say I am a bit biased. I am a huge true blood fan. Both of the tv series and sookie stackhouse novels. I am also a twilight fan, I may be 24 but twilight makes me feel 14 again lol. Twilight on all levels is nothing like trueblood but I just figured i'd throw that in there to show the difference. I was bored, honestly, and True Blood doesn't begin till the end of june... basically i was going through vampire withdrawel. I saw an ad for this when i was browsing for a new book to read and remembered that there was a series of books that this show was based off of. I was going to buy a few, to give me something different to read. One of the reviews mentioned that the books and show differ a lot and suggested watching the show before reading the books so I decided to look it up on amazon. I only bought a few eps to begin with because I wasn't sure I would like it. And ofcourse the first few episodes I was like Ugh its just the same crap.. you have ur main character whose disconnected from the world around her.. alone. You have your brooding hot vamp (i kept thinking of angel actually lol) and then the bad boy vamp (who I really loved because i was a fan of Ian on Lost). It took i'd say the first 3 eps for this to show real potental for me. I honestly wouldve stopped watching after the first episode (glad I didn't) but i was so curious with Vicki's fate that I decided to watch a few more and see where they decided to take it. Within 4 eps I was in love with the show. The storyline finally picked up, the characters came into their own. Stefan proved to be his own rather than a carbon copy of you typical tormented brooding vampire, even tho he does have many of those elements. I also have to give this show a lot of credit for being a basica cabel show. You don't the intense sex and violence that true blood has. But its not all sweet either. There is plenty of adult themes in it especially when more of the adult characters come into play. There is quite a bit of violence too. So it shows a lot of sides to the vamps we all like. Elena, who is the main female character is quite interesting. She has dealt with a major personal loss but she isn't the moping one dimentional character you'd expect. She's tough and strong, but also very sweet (very pretty) and just a good person. Stefan who is at first the mystery brooding tormented vamp shows a lot more to him as well. Damon is my favorite. He is extremely bad boy but as the series progressed you see a lot more to him. He has his set backs and you dont condone his actions. For example what he did to lexie was unforgivable at first but i seemed to get past it as it moves on (when you watch the show you'll understand) I highly recommend anyone who hasnt' seen this show to give it a shot. It will get under your skin and you'll need to know what happens next. I gave myself a marathon of it and I am finally caught up now so I can start watching the new eps of season two from now on.. I belive you won't be disappointed
B003R0LBVW|1.0|This book is so trashy that I was unable to read more than half of it.  I just don't understand why the critics rave about it.
0316069353|1.0|This is a true shame. I really was looking forward to reading this book.    This one star rating does not reflect the contents of this book. It is a reflection of the author's and publisher's greed in regards to the pricing model. I purchased the Kindle because it is convenient, economical (decrease production costs should equal decrease in book prices), and environmentally friendly. The way I see it, the publisher and author have taken advantage of the popularity of the Kindle, and they have voided two of my three reasons for owning an e-reader.     I will not support such greed and will make every effort to never buy from organizations and authors that follow this business practice.
B002VECLVO|5.0|Despite the praise, awards, and accolades Colin Firth received for \\"The King's Speech\\" (deservedly so!), this movie stands as probably his finest acting role.  This is, in short, a stunning performance from Mr. Firth in a beautifully acted and directed film.  Nuanced, touching, every emotion registered in his face and eyes.  He should have gotten the Academy Award for this, no question, but I feel he was ultimately rewarded for this performance as well as for the one in \\"The King's Speech.\\"    Tom Ford did an admirable job in his first directorial effort, letting the quiet moments speak and play out the core of this melancholy piece.    This movie has put Firth into the top echelon of great actors, in my view.  One can only hope he will now receive the parts that challenge him and continue what has been started with this very fine film.
0670022411|5.0|I'm pleased at the opportunity to review A Discovery of Witches. I discovered the book by accident, looking for something else and found myself caught up in a lovely, poetic novel that has little or nothing to do with recent vampire romances.  When Oxford scholar, Diana (who is a witch, named for the Goddess of the Hunt) finds  herself the prey of many vampires, witches and daemons due to an ancient alchemical manuscript that has been bespelled, she turns for protection to the beautiful vampire, Matthew de Claremont. What follows next is a magnificent, meandering love story that is caught up in very real plots and counterplots. Only to leave the reader hanging on a thread at the end, waiting for the second book.    At last a vampire romance cum mystery written for literate adults. The language is as beautiful as the love that grows between Matthew and Diana. The characters are as real as the people next door. Deborah Harkness writes with a depth of research that testifies to her professional skill as an  historian.  Bravo, Deborah Harkness. I can't wait for the next book.
B0041KKYBA|5.0|It's not that I am replacing my favorite films, Shane, East of Eden, On the Waterfront, A Place in the Sun....all the great directing of Billy Wilder, and the stunning work of Clint Eastwood, so great in all his works that I cherish and honor; but this is a documentary, and I have to put this especially in the rank and file of the most significant and important film ever to reach out and capture what has happened, not simply to the US, America, but, most important of all, by the worst and most deliberate greedy wealth mongers ever to surpass the menace of Caligula in his quest for self-satisfaction at the sake of his world and in that particular time and place.  I am, by my own reasearch, familiar with the vast knowledge of this film which begins with the Glass/Steigal Act, preventing another \\"great depression\\" to the greedy lusty core of political/financial America, the whores who swung the deal to pass the killer law, the Graham/Bliley Act.  All this, beginning with the destruction of Iceland's economy, then proceeding to the world, often called \\"global meltdown\\" is the source of our own selfish destruction and the mind-destroying cult of the Wall Street disaster.  Once, in the days of the original WALLSTREET, we thought that \\"greed is good\\" is the penultimate mantra, and so it was - but that was in the 80's.  What begins with the \\"Morgan Mafia\\" (Matt Tiebe's description - I think) 1999 effective betrayal of the Amemrican worker, the retiree, the bastions of Institutional Investors, Phil Graham (who should be offed along with Alan Greenspan) in the most terrible way, the lifting of what Regan's administration starts, and Clinton's administration continues, and then Bush augments, and then - to no surprise - what the Obama Administration keeps moving - we lost our country to the game, to the gangsters, to the generations to come.  Aside from the work's brilliant edit, the story is simple.  It tells how the Global community has been destroyed, and every blooming hope of every middle-class individual and family has lost, will lose, and will never recover.  I knew much of how this worked, and believe me, it's not an easy thing to grasp.  I thank the works of Rolling Stone's Matt Tiebe, independent of this, but there have been so very few Judicial and non-judicial States that could grasp how much fraud that has come under the stage, in the wings, and with the grande drap pulled over us all.  We have nothing.  And they, the few who prosper in the mad, insinsitive, ruthless \\"advanced Capitalism\\" (I believe there is a warning that came from Marx and Engles - or perhaps George Bernard Shaw), but that's beside the point, because, what happens in this film, in very consise, very accurate, very perfectly explained items, in terms of comprehensive and beautifully edited and directed documentation - what we find is truth, the devil of the details of a hoard of masked enemies of the State, including the most least likely you could expect to seize the Country - and the world - Geighter, in particular, but Bernake in all respects to the format of the production.  This isn't for financial wizzards who are gaming the system.  They already know the score and have the money - the Mississipi Retiement Fund, the Virgin Island Retirement Fund, and half the national wealth of Spain, Portugal, Ireland, (and there are more, much more), who are victims of a handful of billionaires - even the so-called and well-known respected one's, including Warren Buffett (clued, the pie filling, but one of the whores who sold the economy out.)  To end all this is impossible.  The reality is this: in the past 12 years (and a bit longer), it's clear that the Banks, the one's that still exist, don't own your mortgaged home.  They can't.  They don't have anything when it's sold.  And that's just one simple reality.  The Note, which is burried in god knows where, isn't in the place it has always been - the local jurisdiction.  This is vague for starting lawyers.  It's vague for those who practice law.  But it's the reality of what has gone on.  The fact is: the now existing banks don't own your home, they haven't the Note, the securitized Mortgage (MERS), along with MERSCORP, lost the 500 years of land law.  And why?  Because the Regans, the Clinton, the Bush, the Obama - well, they thought money is politics and they want the money.  This next election, Obama will spend one billion or more.  And there's nothing that America makes to produce a method of handling the thoughts and basic points that stem from the elemental ingredients of this great, more than great, a complete piece that turns the world on the spin of all we seem to want, but all we'll never have - and so too the unwashed, the poor, the middle-class, those who can never pretend to make what the jewels of corruption, the lawyers, the Judges, the ex-astrophysicists (now pluging in the sockets of counting cards on Wall Street) - this is a story.  You must know it.  You must be aware what your rights are, how they disappeared, and why George Soros, who doesn't seem to be the bad boy here - but you will see who is.  The bottom line on all this monkey business - it started with Graham, the defecation on the protection from the Great Depression (Glass/Steigal), and the rescue of liberal usually Republican \\"let's just de-regulate\\".  But that's not what CDO's do.  That's not what Credit Default Swaps did.  That's not why we have hundreds of banking lobbyist for every Congress Representative and Senator in Washington - and that's why you need to know how Bernake can't save his own boys by printing the way out.  Summary judgement is over in foreclosure Plaintiff lawyering.  It's back to - guess what?  And what that is, we won't know for years to come.  Fact is, there's 10 million foreclosures out there, and there's not just a handful of Notes to back up what is essential to foreclose.  And then, this year, there'll be another 10 million of the same - and nothing for the banks toown to foreclose on.  They already had the pie.  It went to retirement funds, to Norway, to Ireland, to all the above and more...I'd say we can't \\"buy our way out,\\" but don't let a fool tell you where to put up your tent.  The fact left hanging is, if the banks can't get title insurance, and they can't without owning the Note, the sun is rising in the West from now on...The film is an extraordinary thing.  It is not visionary.  It is fact.  And if we want a revolution, we already are in it.  We can see what turned on us, and it's not the old-fashion greed, but the Harvard boys, the one's with Goldman-Sachs, Lehman Brothers, Bear-Sterns, and AIG - and government buys what it must.  It is no longer the people's America.  The work speaks for itself.  You have lost your Country.  And that's not simply a pragmatic sentiment - it's what the film objectively and undeniably states as fact.  Goodbye, America, and you took the rest of the world along with you.  If you don't believe me, believe the man who won the Oscar for this, and his words ring true, \\"Not one single person has gone to prison for this...\\"  See the film.  Lawyers, don't be smug.  You know nothing.  You can find why you shouldn't rest your ticket to play the game in Court, as is true with the malfactor, the beast of burden, the courtly Mr.Cool of \\"foreclosure\\", hiding out, hiding in, but on the way, hope he's caught, the jig's up, \\"Top of the World, Ma!\\" is Stern's boys, Dall (who's that but China), and ya got a lot more from Harvard coming that way.  But how can you get the worst offender in lock up?  Greenspan doesn't need just a spanking, because he'd enjoy it.  Will he live as he did, and, will the future show us anything different?  Not if the Minister of Finance of France is right - \\"they're going to do it all over again.\\"  Just how much damage does 7 trillion dollars mean to humanity, to workers, to jobs, to business, to everyone.  The fact is simply we are owned, you and you and I, and every living person - we are owned by the United States of the Federal Reserve and the Wall Street few, and that, if you see more of what is in this film, we brighten your CPA test score - because there's no real hope of having a society without wealth at the ruling end of class, which means the Banks run the World.  Don't miss this.  Buy it.  Read me - I don't recommend bad things.  This is the best piece of work - in it's category - ever made.  Lawyers, put down Chicken Little - because this is the real one, the Chicken is bigger than the imagination can imagine.  It is not only the best film to see, it is the worst thing to know - how we killed our self-respect, destroyed our world, and put half the world into poverty.  But think of it this way - they'll legislate themselves out, won't they?  Won't they?  But keep in mind, the banks really don't own your house - my thought.  The film is much better than any review can give it - well, at least in my own opinion of my own limitations.
B0043XGEMI|3.0|The Roots and John Legend.....need I say more!  Two of the best singers/bands out there today.  This CD offers fantastic collaborations.  A great CD and worth every penny.
0670022411|1.0|It is a wast of time and brain cells. I really tried to like this book, but had no help from the author. Characters were silly, unbelievable and uninteresting. That is unless you really want to know what she packs for a trip abroad or how she styles her hair. I'm afraid that the author is just trying to profit from the current vampire craze.
B004SBS8LA|1.0|ive tried many times to download this app and still nothing. keeps saying to rework my settings which i do and still nothing.
B004GYY714|2.0|I didn't really care for this app on my phone.  While it found some radio stations near my home, it failed to recognize my favorite stations.  Then when I did try to stream live from the stations it did list, the connection continually paused and eventually forced stopped a couple of times.  This app was just not good for me... hopefully others have an easier time with it.
B000002J0G|4.0|This is the album where Testament decided that they no longer wished to lurk in the shadow of Metallica. Chuck Billy expanded his range on here exponentially.  The beautiful ballad singing is still here and better then ever, as evidenced by my personal favorite Testament ballad \\"Trail of Tears\\".  Yet now Chuck Billy has embraced his demonic netherworld scream.  The departure of Alex Skolnick was not the destruction of this band as some would claim, but a vital rebirth with the demonic James Murphy giving his touch to these songs.  \\"Dog Faced Gods\\" seems to me as a particular standout, with its thrash based riff, Egyptian themed slide guitar, and a singing chorus belted out by Chuck Billy that stands among his best vocals.  Other standouts include \\"Hail Mary\\" and the magnificent title track \\"Low\\".  I had to deduct one star because there is a noticeable drop off in quality as one approaches the end of this recording.  \\"Ride\\" is an awkward song with a choppy riff that seems to approach nowhere fast, and the album closes with \\"Last Call\\" that suffers from having no relevancy to the album.  \\"Urotsukidoji\\" fails to capture my attention, and this is coming from someone that typically loves instrumentals.  This album does however benefit from having a great production, and without the constraints of trying to be thrash metal, Eric Peterson began to fully realize his potential as a guitarist on this album.
0670022411|5.0|This is the first time I have been compelled to write a book review. I loved loved loved this book. It is Harry Potter for grown ups. As soon as I finished, I wanted to read it again (I didn't though, I will save it to re-read just before the 2nd book comes out). Good books are few and far between but this was a GOOD book!
0316056863|1.0|I tried to read it all the way through; I really did.  But this is just one more book by some spoiled, liberal, self-indulgent, TV star that really has little contact with the reality that most of us experience.  If you like that sort of thing, it may be a good book.     But sorry, too cutesy by far.  I had hoped it would be funny.  But I think she is cashing in before her time in the limelight is done.
B001HC8516|5.0|what i love about this book is that it not only points out for you in clear and bold english what an unhealthy relationship (and unworthy man) looks like, but it also boosts your self-esteem, and promotes higher standards. this book gives an answer for every situation, and does so in a very blunt, but witty and hilarious manner. This is a book that you will keep on your bookshelf for years and constantly refer back to, until you can stow it away upon finding the very love that you deserve and have waited your entire life for.
B000TEVII0|5.0|I do so enjoy Celtic music these song birds are so good at what they do. In a format that is very nicely done. I have enjoyed this cd over and over again. I cried each time the song \\"Caladonia\\" comes on. It will always do that to me it isn't sad song just emo about it thinking of home and missing my parents sometimes when I listen to it. All the songs are very good and great to listen to for all ages.
B000003TA4|5.0|What else can you say about \\"Nevermind\\" that's already been said? There were great albums in the nineties but this is the album that define the decade. Enough said.
B000TEPEJO|5.0|The originial album of the Celtic Woman. Actually there are five of them plus the violinist all are very very good at what they do. I will never forget this album. I fell in love with the songs and the harmony between the ladies. Even my husband fell for the sweet sirens of the lady named Chole`. I too especially enjoyed her songs she sang by herself without the other ladies accompaning her.
0714845183|5.0|If you are a fan of Waterhouse, get this book.  It contains most of his well known works, which are reproduced very nicely.  The book itself is also very attractive, and quite reasonably priced, considering what it is.  Just get it, lest it become unavailable.
B004HGBUVG|5.0|Lucinda Williams is one of the best songwriters ever and this album shows she continues make some of the best music ever.
B002M2T1UO|5.0|I'm living currently in Hannover (Germany), a while ago I ordered the The Shield (UK version) boxset from amazon.de, but when I read reviews and realized that the UK version is censored I cancelled the transaction and ordered this one from the U. S.  I ordered it on March 15, it cost 130 USD and the taxes for entering Germany amounted to 19.19 Euros, it was supposed to arrive on May 10, so imagine my surprise when it arrived on April 6!!!!   The boxset is truly for real fans of the series, the DVDs were in pristine condition, so don't worry about the scratched/crappy sleeves problem that others commented, though the sleeves do seem like a cheap choice by Sony. The episodes are just as good as when aired on TV, I don't know if it really has more extras than the individual season DVDs, but it doesn't matter to me, it's The Shield unleashed!!!... in my laptop at least.
0760336954|5.0|This book is incredible...it has tons of pictures, helpful tips about sketching, many interviews with top designers, and has ideas to think about when designing.     The title doesn't lie; this book really is the key to design cars like a pro!
B004FOA84A|5.0|This is a great game!  I had a wonderful time playing it with my two children.   It's well worth the price for the entertainment.   I can't wait for Fire Maple Games to make another game like this one!
B0007Y08IS|5.0|Team America: World Police is a action-comedy adventure created by the team of Matt Stone and Trey Parker, and done through the magic of marionette puppets. In this sick but brillant political satire, a team of American counter-terrorism fighters battle Islamic extremists throughout the world and giving uptight Hollywood celebrity activists their just desserts, all leading up to the climatic battle pitting Team America against the North Korean butthole dictator Kim Jong-Il. The special features includes a behind-the-scenes look of the film, how the puppets are made, the mini-pyrotechnics display and a closer look at the Kim Jong-Il character. Please note that since it is a unrated version(being the material is different from the R-rated version)of the movie, it not intended for children, it contains explicit language, graphic violence, strong sexual content with puppets and gross perverted humour. Other than that, Team America is a laugh riot that any fan of South Park will enjoy!
B004K4IZ54|2.0|The movie itself is not bad, but i bought a Blu-Ray 3D thinking that i was really going to enjoy it. Well at the begining of the movie you get \\"Several scenes of the movies were shot in 2D\\" That was an understatement!!!! I didn't really see anything on 3D and i kept my glasses on the entire movie.   If you are interest in buying the 3D version of this movie, please don't, just buy the regular Blu-Ray and you will be getting the same dvd. I gave it 2 stars because the movie is not that bad, but they should not claim is 3D when not even 10% of the movie was shot in 3D.
B004DMIIOG|4.0|Summer Wars is a richly colored film that delves into themes of family, responsibility, and perseverance. For extras the features include interviews with the Japanese voice actors, TV spots, and trailers for other Funimation titles.     I found the yellow subtitles difficult to read in some places, particularly in the Oz segments (up against a white background), but the English dub will get the job done for non-speakers. The story is straightforward which is a strength and downfall because there leaves little reason to re-watch it story-wise (the richly colored Oz will entice the visual dilettante for another viewing). I only wish they developed the Kenji/ Natsuki relationship more. It is an entertaining film, extras and the story will leave a little to be desired for some.
B0002V7O3S|5.0|I am a beleiver of ufos.I know this movie is based on a true story & I wanted to see it. Im glad I did.
B0028RXXE8|5.0|I cannot say enough about this series.  I just came across it on HBOGO and I thought it looked interesting.  Interesting is an understatement.  It is fascinating.  So many aspects of this show are just the best I've ever seen.  Such as the scenery.  They literally recreated ancient Rome.  The costumes are excellent as well.  But the thing that puts it over the top is the acting.  Every single actor in this show is amazing.  Especially the two main actors, that play Verinus and Pullo (sp?).  And I love how the story is told through these two men's eyes.  They could have just done a straight-forward history lesson. Everyone knows the story of Ceasar. It would have been good, I'm sure, but they chose to tell it from a different perspective.  It is so interesting to see how the common people lived in that time.  All we ever hear about are the wealthy men who ran everything.  So to see it, using common soldiers, truly makes this one of the best series about ancient Rome that I've ever seen.  I actually liked this more than The Sopranos.  I know, blasphemy!  But believe me, this show is genius.
B0047Y17P2|5.0|WOW, am appalled at peoples hate over the price of this book.  It makes me want to purchase it even though so many are against.    Michael Connelly is my favorite author TOO as some have said.   I will be purchasing it as soon as I finish the book I am reading now.(from Kindle)  Can't believe you people are complaining here on the rating and sure isn't fair to Michael. Rating is for those that have READ the book.  The discussion is where you need to make your comments.  How many have gone to Starbuck's this week and bought over-priced Latte's? . . .   a couple of those given up would buy this book on Kindle    OK,,,JUST READ THIS BOOK AND THOSE THAT ARE STUBBORN ARE MISSING OUT BIGTIME!!!  LOVED IT,,,,,HE IS SUCH AN OUTSTANDING WRITER :) :) :) :)
B004SBS8LA|5.0|For all those who complain about the Amazon Appstore terms if service in their reviews, get over it. No one is forcing you to use the app store and it has nothing to do with the game.  As for the game, it is everything you'd expect from Angry Birds, but newer and better. The graphics and some of the gameplay mechanics are quite improved from the first Angry Birds.   If you like Angry Birds, get this. If you hate the Amazon appstore, then put up with the free one with ads in the Android marketplace.
B003IPC5SO|5.0|\\"Aphrodite\\" by Kylie Minogue is a very edgy and fun compilation that has some very upbeat dancepop tracks. She shows her romantic and sensual side with songs such as \\"All the Lovers\\" and \\"Aphrodite\\". \\"All the Lovers\\" appears to be about her expressing her intense feelings for her lover, who she feels is unique in a good way.  \\"Aphrodite\\" seems to be about her message to her fans and critics alike that she is back. My favorite songs by Kylie in this album are \\"Too Much\\",\\"Cupid Boy\\", and \\"Closer\\".  \\"Too Much\\" seems to be about her coming to terms with the intense feelings that she feels for her love interest.  \\"Cupid Boy\\" is a daring musical number about how she is drawn to the light and power of the one that she craves romance from. She sings about them putting her in a joyful state of \\"being in heaven\\" with the lyrics \\"I'm in Heaven\\".  \\"Closer\\" is a catchy song about her pursuing someone that she feels a strong connection with,(as evidenced when she sings that they are pulling her closer). I would have to say that \\"Closer\\" is my overall favorite song on this \\"Aphrodite\\" collection because of the combination of lyrics and music.  \\"Everything is Beautiful\\" is also a very good song. \\"Everything is Beautiful\\" appears to be an uplifting musical track of seeing the beauty of many things in life (the piano musical at the end closes the song nicely).  \\"Aphrodite\\" by Kylie Minogue is great to have if you enjoy dance and/or pop music.
0131988425|5.0|This book is good. But you need a previous knowledge about signal processing.  About the Amazon, the product was delivered on the time! Very good!
0345505387|4.0|I really did like it..I wouldnt say love , like her written works, but this was different in a good way.. Good to see faces to your favorite characters. Great job with the graphics.. I wouldnt buy it, because it isnt like her Outlander series where I read them (like a loser) 3 times a year..lolol.. This one I borrowed from the library and finished it in a few hours..It broke up the months....tic tic...days...tic tic...and hours...tic tic... of waiting on the Next Outlander... So quit coloring Mrs Gabaldon!! And write....PLEASE.. Thank you! God Bless
B004SBS8LA|5.0|Figured this would be essentially a retread of the other two titles, but graphics are vastly better and gameplay is refreshing. Easily worth the 99 cents.
B004R0WKNE|2.0|Was excited about this movie- Diane Keaton, Harrison Ford, and Rachel Mc Adams. But it was not good. I do have to say that at a certain point I was so bored and annoyed that I skipped over a lot of it, so maybe there was something redeeming in those parts. But from what I saw, not fun.
B003P2WO5E|5.0|Brandon Sanderson is a brilliant fantasy writer. Introduced to him by his finishing of WoT.  I enjoyed The Way of Kings, like no other fantasy novel since like book three of Wheel of Time. And I have read a great many since then!  His pacing is great, consistency of language is great.  The glimpses and deliberate crafting of the world of Roshar in this first in a planned series is a wonderful setup.  I will be waiting with great anticipation each subsequent novel The Stormlight Archive.
B004SBS8LA|2.0|The app worked fine until yesterday. Now the screen goes blank for a few seconds then back to the home screen when I try to start it. The other Angry Birds (Android Market) games work fine on my Droid.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I've always been in good shape, and during my recent pregnancy I resolved to keep it that way. Still, in spite of daily exercise, my abs got soft. I started doing this DVD when I was about 3 months post partum. It's been a month and a half and I can honestly say that I have toned, flat abs! (With strong, toned arms and legs to boot.)
B002XMGGK6|5.0|This is undoubtedly one of the best \\"revenge films\\" even though the revenger insists that he is not seeking revenge; he only wants society to learn to abide by the law.<br /><br />  The revenge plot - the result of ten years of meticulous planning - is excellent, the acting is superb, and so too are all of the gimmicks. There is not an unsuspenseful and undramatic moment. Two men push their way into the home of a brilliant government employee (Gerard Butler) in Philadelphia, the city of brotherly love, and one of them repeatedly stabs his wife and kills his child. The prosecutor (Jamie Foxx) insists that he must make a deal with the killer because he is afraid that he might otherwise loose his case. The killer agreed to testify against his accomplice if he only has to serve five years in jail. Butler demands that Foxx not do this especially because the man who will serve the relatively small jail sentence is the actual killer. Foxx refuses. Ten years later the accomplices is executed, but not as all expected. Butler changed the ingredients used to execute the man and he died a very violent and painful death. And this was only the first of Butler's many revenge murders. He captures the actual killer who invaded his home and violently kills him over a long period of time with painful injections of chemicals and by cutting up his body into twenty-five pieces while he was conscious.<br /><br /> Foxx finds learns from a man who worked with Butler that Butler is a brilliant man who the government used to kill people from a distance so that no one could prove who did the murder. He has the skill to anticipate how people will act, and he used that skill in developing the methods of murder. He never did anything he did not think out before hand. Thus, the chances of Foxx defeating him were very slim.<br /><br /> Butler allows himself to be arrested. He kills his cell mate and is placed in solitary confinement. \\"He is in jail because he wants to be in jail. Don't think that he killed his cell mate for no reason,\\" the man who worked with Butler warns Foxx. \\"You can't stop him unless you put a bullet in his head.\\" While in solitary confinement, he murders many more people. He kills the lawyer who represented the man who murdered his family and he kills the judge. Then he blows up the cars of the lawyers and staff who worked at the District Attorney's Office, except for Foxx and his boss, the DA. Then he kills the DA and the police who are guarding him. \\"Everyone,\\" Butler tells Foxx, \\"must be accountable for their actions. I'm going to bring the whole f...g system down. It's going to be biblical.\\" Foxx and others wonder if he has an accomplice. The mayor closes down Philadelphia to protect its inhabitants and has armed guards placed on the streets.<br /><br /> Viewers will sit in suspense watching all of this and how it is done. They will wonder if Foxx can find out if there is an accomplice and, if not, how does Butler commit the murders from solitary confinement, and can Foxx stop him, and will Foxx learn what Butler wants to teach him, and will Foxx resort to non-legal methods to stop him.e killed his cell mate for no reason,\\" the man who worked with Butler warns Foxx. \\"You can't stop him unless you put a bullet in his head.\\" While in solitary confinement, he murders many more people. He kills the lawyer who represented the man who murdered his family and he kills the judge. Then he blows up the cars of the lawyers and staff who worked at the District Attorney's Office, except for Foxx and his boss, the DA. Then he kills the DA and the police who are guarding him. \\"Everyone,\\" Butler tells Foxx, \\"must be accountable for their actions. I'm going to bring the whole f...g system down. It's going to be biblical.\\" Foxx and others wonder if he has an accomplice. The mayor closes down Philadelphia to protect its inhabitants and has armed guards placed on the streets.<br /><br /> Viewers will sit in suspense watching all of this and how it is done. They will wonder if Foxx can find out if there is an accomplice and, if not, how does Butler commit the murders from solitary confinement, and can Foxx stop him, and will Foxx learn what Butler wants to teach him, and will Foxx resort to non-legal methods to stop him.
B00003CXBK|5.0|I probably watched it too many times and it's lost some of the awesomeness to me but it is still a great movie. The action scenes are good in case you haven't watched it and it has humor and is always interesting. My only problem with it was the price but honestly $13 isn't that bad. Good movie.
B001F6TXME|5.0|This remote works with a D3100!!! Check your user manual for compatible accessories! I have a D3100 and had a difficult time finding anywhere that stated this remote was for use with the D3100 explicitly. The MC-DC2 not only works with the D3100 but also provides a whole new range of shooting options for both the experienced and beginning photographer. The MC-DC2 remote is easy to use and, so far, has given me no problems-- construction seems to be solid and the shutter lock has a satisfying feel to it.
0316056863|5.0|Janeane Garofalo said it well in a piece for NPR, \\"I received Tina Fey's new book, Bossypants, last Friday and read it straight through until 7:40 Saturday morning. I guess, as they say, I couldn't put it down. Not just a trite expression; in this case it is literally true.\\"   This is true for me as well. The book arrived today (April 5th) and I could not stop reading it. I laughed, giggled, quoted, texted, and twittered as I read because it was too good to keep to myself.
B00003CXB6|5.0|I just got back into the JP films pretty recently and came to the conclusion that this is the only one I'll own because it's by far my number 1 favorite out of the three. So to sum it up, my reasons for liking this film a lot is because I feel that it has a great story, special effects of course, and the cast members are great for this film. I really have no complaints about this movie compared to the other two (JP 1 and 3). I felt that this film has more thrills, action scenes, and good dialogue. I can go on and on about why I feel that this film is great, but I have to keep these reviews short. In short, the story is about a research team sent to the JP Site B island while another team approaches with another agenda, which is to capture live dinosaurs and build a zoo for them in San Diego. Jeff Goldblum, (who is the main star of this film which I'm glad about) and his team stop them basically wanting to keep the dinosaurs on their island. That's basically the main point of the film with a ton of action happening in the meantime. That's the best summery I can give. Most of the surviving characters from the first film return except, Dr. Alan Grant, and Dr. Ellie Sattler. There's of course some new good characters. Now the main parts I like about the film is that the T-Rex has more screen time, (even though there's two of them), still I like that, and at the climax of the film, a male T-Rex who is captured and brought to San Diego escapes and rampages through the city causing a great amount of destruction and killing. It's a lot like what you would see in a Godzilla film. In fact, there are Japanese tourists running from the T-Rex in the San Diego scene saying in Japanese, \\"I left Japan to get away from this?!\\" I love it considering I'm a huge Japanese Godzilla fan. Also since I brought up Godzilla, this movie and that scene by far is WAY better than the American New York \\"Godzilla\\" film, (since they both came out in the late 90's). I've always got my American giant monster/dinosaur movie fix with JP 2. However, the Japanese Godzilla beats all in my opinion. Also there's good special features, trailers, deleted scenes, and etc. In my opinion, the first JP movie was alright, but nothing I would buy. Too much talking and minimal action. Even though it had great effects and the story had meaning, it just wasn't my cup of tea. JP 3 was pointless and I felt it was just made for marquee value. This tops all in my opinion. This is what makes me like Jurassic Park and glad I got this film. It's pure goodness.monster/dinosaur movie fix with JP 2. However, the Japanese Godzilla beats all in my opinion. Also there's good special features, trailers, deleted scenes, and etc. In my opinion, the first JP movie was alright, but nothing I would buy. Too much talking and minimal action. Even though it had great effects and the story had meaning, it just wasn't my cup of tea. JP 3 was pointless and I felt it was just made for marquee value. This tops all in my opinion. This is what makes me like Jurassic Park and glad I got this film. It's pure goodness.
B0047Y17P2|1.0|The pricing is ridiculous. Michael Connelly writes great books, but $14.99 for a kindle version, when the printed book is cheaper is crazy. I'll wait for this to go on sale in 6 months or so.
B0047Y17P2|1.0|I believe that reviewing products on amazon, whether they be books, or something else, means reviewing the entire product, including the content and price. This is a good book, however I refuse to be ripped off by amazon and the greedy publishers. Want to charge $15 for the hardcover? Fair enough. But $15 for the kindle price? What the hell? There is absolutely no reason to charge the same price for the kindle book. With the hard cover, I can resell the book, lend as many times as I want, etc. With the kindle book, I can't resell it, I can give it away, and I bet I can't even lend this out, and even if I can, it's only once. This book should be NO MORE than $10, but something like $7.99 would be fair. Stop screwing your readers, I will not buy a kindle book that is priced the same as the physical counterpart.
B004G600A4|1.0|What is wrong with Disney?!!!! After seeing this movie with my daughter I was really disturbed. I studied fairy tales when I was a graduate student and I am familiar with their traditional meanings and messages (always positive). This is a very twisted version of an antique story. The changes brought to the story created an extremely negative underlying message. People might not be rationally aware of the \\"moral\\" of a tale, but it creates a deep impression and it is effective in molding people's feelings and their perception of reality. The moral of this story is next to unbelievable. For the way it is presented it could be summarized as \\"rebel to your parents, if they tell you to to be wary of the world they are lying\\". Indeed one of the theme songs of the movie goes \\"mothers know best\\". Of course in the movie it is just a big lie and it is repeated over and over and over. In order to start living Rapuntzel has to rebel and flee this mother-witch who tells many of the things that we mothers usually say to our daughters, including warnings about the dangers of the world (which are very real for innocent girls). But in the movie all of her advice is just fake, evil, interested. All her assertions of love (the mother-daughter exchange: \\"I love you\\", \\"I love you more\\", \\"I love you most\\") are just a cover up for self interest and exploitation. Seeing this, my daughter was almost scared and looked at me saying, \\"how do you know if a mother is really good\\"? Indeed this is not, as it could seem, a story with the usual and traditional wicked step-mother. Cinderella's step mother was clearly a villain, from the beginning she was cold and cruel, she did not resemble a normal mother giving heart felt advice to her daughter. Gothel in this movie mirrors in many disturbing ways a regular mother who gives regular advice and also makes \\"surprises\\" to her daughter (in the form of a special soup she liked). For sure we can't imagine any traditional villain doing this. And for very good reasons! They should not in your mind overlap with your parents in any way! So in the end Rapuntzel is happy beacuse she learnt the lesson: \\" fight all this fake affection, all this overprotection, because it is just selfish and to your complete disadvantage and it is intended to keep you away from all the fun and happiness that is out there\\". This message is absorbed by our unaware children. This message sneaks in our sons and daughters unconcious perception of things. Do you like it? I don't. No matter how nicely packaged it comes.
1591843790|5.0|Guy Kawasaki has written a wonderful book on influence.  Sort of a \\"How to Win Friends and Influence People\\" for the digital age. My copy is dog eared, highlighted, and bookmarked with notes in the margins. A lot of the books that I've read on marketing yourself, business, product, whatever, are dry and boring; not this one.  Guy writes with such great humor and is so knowledgeable that you find yourself devouring every chapter.<br /><br />I wholeheartedly recommend this book to anyone who wants to successfully influence people with an everyone wins mentality. I love that Guy looks at situations in a way that makes it possible for everyone to benefit and I adore the personal stories and snippets.  Great book from a really bright, influential man with a terrific sense of humor.
B004BLJQOK|5.0|Let Me In is the American independent film remake of the highly regarded Swedish film of 2008, [[ASIN:B001MYIXAC Let The Right One In]].  After having watched both films, they tackle the same basic plot and subject matter from slightly different angles, but are both worthy of admiration.<br /><br />In my mind the overall feeling of Let the Right One In is one of isolation of the main characters, Oskar and Eli.  The stark winter landscapes, washed out colors, and lack of emotion shown my almost all of the protagonists add to this feeling of isolation, dreariness, and despair.  While Let Me In certainly spends a portion of it's time on the isolation of Owen, who has no connection to anyone else until Abby moves into his life, it also shows the terror that Owen lives in.  I think that Let Me In does a better job of detailing the fear and desperation that Owen feels -  fear and desperation that allows him to justify his increasing violent actions (or acceptance of such actions) in the film.  Until the penultimate scene of Let the Right One In, I never really felt that Oskar was that oppressed by the school bullies, and I didn't understand where all of the hatred and thirst for revenge against them was coming from.<br /><br />The other thing I noticed when comparing the two films was that Let Me In did a finer jobs of detailing the budding relationship between Owen and Abby better than Let the Right One In did with Oskar and Eli.  I was never fully convinced at the end of Let the Right One In why Oskar and Eli ended up together, while I understood perfectly why Owen chose to stay with Abby even though he understood the implications for his future.  Perhaps this was due to the outstanding performances by Kodi Smit-McPhee and Chlo Grace Moretz in the lead roles; perhaps this was just due to a bit being lost in translation from the Swedish language film.  I just felt the connection between Owen and Abby a bit more than that between Oskar and Eli.<br /><br />Now this is not meant to denigrate Let the Right One In; I think that the original can be a bit lethargic at times but is nevertheless a fine movie and deserving of its accolades.  But I would reiterate that Let Me In is an outstanding film in its own right.the Right One In; I think that the original can be a bit lethargic at times but is nevertheless a fine movie and deserving of its accolades.  But I would reiterate that Let Me In is an outstanding film in its own right.
0385738757|5.0|After reading [[ASIN:0385737955 The Maze Runner (Maze Runner Trilogy, Book 1)]] by James Dashner, I couldn't wait to read the second book, \\"The Scorch Trials.\\"  It picks up right where the first book ends and is again full of adventure, crazy twists and turns, suspense and betrayal.  The Gladers find out they are not the only ones who went through The Maze but there also was a group of girls and one boy that went through the same stuff.  Again, lots of questions come up such as Why?, Will they meet?, What happened to Teresa?  Can we trust Aris?  Why won't Teresa talk to Thomas telepathically anymore?  Can Thomas trust her?  The Gladers must find light, keep walking North and get to the safe haven in two weeks or be killed.  Naturally, they choose to go.<br /><br />This book is just so gripping I lost track of time reading it!  I like this series as much as I liked \\"[[ASIN:0439023521 The Hunger Games]],\\" maybe even more!  The story is told from Thomas's point of view which helps provide suspense because all the reader knows is what Thomas knows.  When he gets separated from his friends and chased by the Cranks who want to get his nose, I was wondering if he would ever get back with his friends again right along with him.  If you like science fiction or books about teens, I highly recommend this book after you read \\"The Maze Runner\\"!  It dragged just a little along the way but the end is so worth it!  I have one more to go in this series, can't wait!
B004SS0884|5.0|I bought \\"Blakout\\" the day of its release and quickly fell in love with it...so when I heard the first single to \\"Femme Fatale\\" I was instantly thrilled and knew it would be in ranks with \\"Blackout\\" and \\"Circus.\\"  I went out at midnight to three different wal-marts to buy this cd on its release day and since the purchase cannot stop listening.    I've been a fan since 4th grade, when she entered the music world and have admired her ever since.  This album makes me want to dance and sing a long.  Some tracks like \\"Bigg Fatt Bass\\", \\"Trip to your Heart\\", and \\"Trouble for me\\" took a few listens before I was in love.  But others like: \\"Criminal\\", \\"He about to lose me\\", \\"Inside out\\", \\"Gasoline\\", \\"Don't keep me waiting\\", and the two released singles, and of course \\"I wanna go\\" were instant favorites and I believe there's a lot of Britney vocal in these songs it just the chorus' that have the auto tune effect but if people are gonna hate on that then they need to stop praising Lady Gaga...who holds no candle to Britney, whose been making number one records for the last 10+ years!
0316069353|1.0|actually, I love Michael Connelly books, but I refuse to pay the same price for an digital copy as the hardback copy.  I agree with the others, this is just pure greed on the part of the publisher setting the prices.  Guess I will be going back to the library.  I can't afford these prices anymore.
B004SKHJF2|5.0|Hasn't missed a song yet. Even picking up some indie rock. And it automatically keeps a record so you can go back later and see which songs you listened to that day to download.
B004SBS8LA|1.0|ive tried to install this multiple times. Still not successful. ive been able to instal other aps from the amazon app store with no problems. HTC Evo 4G.
B004SBS8LA|5.0|I've only ever played the original Angry Birds and this newer version has better graphics, new animals and a cool storyline. I can't wait for the next levels to be unlocked later in the year!
B0043WDK3A|5.0|Watch this show!  Don't waste your time reading this review!  If you liked Cap'n Mal, you will love this show!  Fillion is in top form as he opens the third season of Castle.  Seriously, stop reading!  Go!  Watch!  Now!
0670022411|2.0|I haven't yet completed the book though I started it with high hopes and the typical excitement of finding something new to read.  I'm in at page 119 and man is it slow!  The style of writing by the author is tedious.  I feel like a salmon swimming upstream, fighting every current along the way.  I simply don't get Diana.  If she's got a photogenic memory, then why were some subjects hard for her?  The author's reasoning of why Diana is one way makes no sense at all when it comes to Diana's actions, or lack thereof.  This book had so much potential, but it totally got bogged down by the most dreaded book spell of them all...boredom.<br /><br />I'm going to try to trudge my way through with fingers crossed, which is probably about as much magic as one can expect with this book.
B0047Y17P2|1.0|Who are they trying to kid with a wacky statement like save 13.00. This is the only place to buy the kindle version and there are no stock issues. refreshing the page with the image on a dozen times will use as much bandwidth for amazon as sending the book to the device.
B00000F7MS|5.0|The Jungle Book is one hour and one hour and eighteen minutes and was released in theaters on October 18, 1967. This would be the last movie that Walt Disney personally oversaw. Basically the movie tells the story about a boy, Mowgli, who is raised by wolves in the jungles of Madhya Pradesh, India. It is ten years later and the tribe of wolves feels that the man cub must be sent to the human village because Shere Khan, a tiger, has return and they feel that they cannot protect the boy. Bagheera, a black leopard, offers to take the boy cub to the man village and that where the adventure begins. Mowgli does not want to live in the man village and wants to stay in the jungle.     Bagheera tries to explain to Mowgli, but he does not listen. Mowgli finds several different animals who would like to get closer to him for different reasons. Mowgli first meet Kaa, a giant Indian Python, and Kaa wants nothing more then to eat the child. Kaa fails in the two attempts when he is with the boy. Next he is met by Baloo, a sloth bear, and Baloo is a care free, fun loving bear who lives one day at a time. Baloo immediately takes a liking to Mowgli and wants to raise him a bear also. Later on in the movie Bagheera informs Baloo the truth as to why he can't raise him because of Shere Khan. While Mowgli and Baloo are enjoying life, Mowgli is kidnapped by a group of orangutans and is brought back to their leader - King Louie. King Louie wants the boy cub to teach on how to acquire the red flower (fire). King Louie plans are crushed when Baloo and Bagheera comes to rescue Mowgli. It is about ' into the movie that the main villain appears - Shere Khan. Shere Khan wants to kill the boy because he hates man and that includes women also. I will not go into how the story ends because of the criticism I have gotten in the past, but I will tell you that the movie had no ended and it was Walt Disney himself that came up with the ended himself.     The movie version of the Jungle Book differs greatly from the book version. In the book version there is no King Louie no vultures and the only resemblance to the book is the names used in the movie. Walt thought the book was too dark for children and instructed his animation department not to read the book. The Jungle Book was nominate for an Academy Award in 1967 for Best Song, The Bare Necessities, but lost out to Doctor Dolittle for Talk to the Animals. Gregory Peck tried to get the movie nominated and win for the Best Picture category, but the members of the Academy of Motion Pictures and Science felt that animation films did not belong in that category. It would not be until 1992 when Beauty and the Beast would be nominated for an Academy in the Best Picture category. The Jungle Book is a delightful movie for all ages and gets an AAAAA+++++.     VHS EXTRAS     Previews   1. The Little Mermaid   2. Flubber   3. Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas   4. Peter Pan   5. Hercules   6. The Toys Who Saved Christmas   The Jungle Book: The Making of a Musical Classic
B004SBS8LA|5.0|Its Angry birds and it is great.  Like all the other versions this one has addictive game play.  If I could just get 3 stars on every level now.
B004LP601S|5.0|This album is definitely the best I have heard for a while from any group. It is the first album where I actually enjoyed every track and not just a few tracks. With an album that actually flows, Brendon and Spencer proved that they do not need anyone else (Ross, Walker, or any new members). With Vices and Virtues, Panic! At the Disco deserves to have the exclamation mark (!), not just in their band name but also in your music collection! I recommend this to anyone that likes real music; my definition of \\"real\\" being Panic! At the Disco.
0385341679|5.0|I absolutely loved this book and every book in the series that went before it.  I was not disappointed at all.  One of the best series of books I have ever read, this book included.  Can't wait for more by this author.
1591843790|2.0|At the end of Guy's book \\"enchantment\\" he fesses up to ripping off a lot of stuff from another guy's book.    Guy's book borrows heavily from a book that I read years ago and which is a much better resource for understanding \\"enchantment\\"  Get Robert Cialdini's book here instead, it's much more authentic and way deeper in examples.    [[ASIN:006124189X Influence: The Psychology of Persuasion (Collins Business Essentials)]]    Cialdini's book is the real deal while Guy's book is just another Guy book without an original thought. Guy even touts his company alltopp again in this book, same as he did in his last book.     Guy is a good marketer of Guy but not much more than that
B000PMLFRA|5.0|People are ridiculous, I don't want to see the originals EVER again.  The only thing I liked better about the original was the final song in Return of the Jedi and honestly I don't need that to enjoy the films.  The first film (THE BEST) is immeasurably better with the additional of the CGI effects as are the rest of the films.  My suggestion to you head cases that want the original with less creatures and \\"Pancaked\\" make-up is to get on eBay and get yourselves a cheap VHS player and the the original VHS releases of the films where you can have all of the VHS noise and nostalgia you can stand.
B000LB7G00|5.0|I won this at a seminar, and didn't know about it at the time.  I could not go without this device now. I've been doing 3d drafting for 4 years and there is no question that it saves time.  It makes it much, much easier to manipulate parts while drafting.  It is a heavy, solidly built piece that has held up well.   I use mine with Inventor and Autocad, can't comment on other programs.      Just be careful carrying this in your laptop bag in airport security- the TSA thought mine was a bomb or something...
0440539811|5.0|This is an entertaining but sometimes dense novel that talks about the meaning of numbers within conspiracies and alternate dimensions. It's funny with lots of sex, too!
0375714839|4.0|This will definitely be a well-remembered novel not only for its plot and its storytelling but for the brilliant and creative idea of using a comic styled way of illustrating the story. Despite living in an environment where this book isn't ground shaking but the way it's told, it has to be praised and once in a while its nice to see someone telling their adventures. Good stuff.
B004GYY714|5.0|Works flawlessly on my Cruz Reader (Android 2.0). Immediately found &amp; played my favorite classical music stations, as well as finding most of my local stations in the TX panhandle. Very small processor impact (2%). A little over 2mb used by app.
B004HO6I4M|3.0|\\"TEN out of ten for style, but minus several million for good thinking,\\" as Zaphod Beeblebrox might say, to the marketers of Rio, or whoever it was who conceived the strapline \\"this turkey can't fly\\".<br /><br />Well, you're asking for it, aren't you. And for no reason: Blu, the flightless bird in question, isn't even a turkey. So I attended the screening in Leicester Square, armed with discerning co-critics in the shape of my children, and figured that, worst case, at least I had a title for my review.<br /><br />The kids enjoyed it happily enough. I didn't. It wasn't a turkey, as such - Turkeys are fun to watch the same way Candid Camera is - but more of a damp, er, squab. (Sorry folks). For any parent who has owned a DVD player in the last decade, Rio will feel very, very, tiringly familiar.<br /><br />I like reviewing. I take it seriously, and I try to come up with a novel angle and provide new and thoughtful remarks for each picture I see. This is sometimes hard, but on occasions like this, it makes me positively resentful: why should I expend imaginative thought on reviewing a picture when the film makers themselves didn't bother when making the damn thing? Why don't I just create a review-by-numbers?<br /><br />Now it's no secret that Hollywood has a \\"magic formula\\" for its successful dramas, bequeathed to it fifty or more years ago by Joseph Campbell in a still-referenced book called \\"The Hero With A Thousand Faces\\". Indeed, it has been suggested that there are only seven basic plots in all of literature. Certainly, most popular commercial films (even serious ones) cleave more or less closely to one of these fictional archetypes.<br /><br />But of late this adherence to formula seems to have gone to a whole new place, especially in this new genre, the digitally animated children's movie. It's a genre I declare officially mature, established and subject to rapidly advancing decrepitude. Rio (and Mars Needs Moms) are my evidence for that claim.<br /><br />Nowadays it is not just plot but scene, casting, characterisation, colourisation and disposition that are done by rote: you fancy someone at Disney has drawn up something like a pilot's checklist for script vetting. Each new offering at most adds a new trope or contrivance to the library of available memes. As the library grows, the more memes there are to chose from, of course, and the less incentive there is to create new ones. The assembly of a film in this way becomes modular; a matter of supply-chaining.<br /><br />So it is with Rio. It is a classic journey of self discovery. Blu, a Brazilian macaw hatchling, is snatched from his nest and whisked away to captivity far from his native land (cf. [[ASIN:B00007KGCW Finding Nemo]]). He even has a Nemo-esque physical disability: he can't fly.<br /><br />Of course, he winds up back in Rio, and there contrives to meet a truculent paramour (cf. [[ASIN:B000CEVVIO Stuart Little]]), be captured (again) by dastardly but inept animal traffickers (cf. [[ASIN:B001GN1SWE Garfield]]), escape with the help of fellow captured animals (cf. Nemo again, also cf. [[ASIN:B0042FZOFK Toy Story]]), be captured (again) this time by a dastardly big bird (cf. Stuart Little again), confront his fears, fall in love, while his owner falls in love too, and confronts her fears, and so on and so on.<br /><br />This is accompanied (or interrupted) by a set piece so strikingly resemblant of the jungle boogie in [[ASIN:B0009PAPL0 Madagascar]] that the litigious type might sue over it. Even Avatar is scene-checked. All this in the context of a dull script, badly delivered jokes, and adventure/chase set pieces designed to show off the technical department's digital wizardry (fellas, we get the picture: you can do cool stuff with computers. How about doing some cool stuff with celluloid?) that have the wit and wisdom of your average seven year old.<br /><br />Admittedly, this is aimed at your average seven-year-old but, as Pixar has shown repeatedly, that'sno reason a film can't be brilliantly funny for all ages.<br /><br />In a poor game there is still a man-of-the-match performance from Flight of The Conchords' Jemaine Clement as Nigel, a baddie cockatoo - one of the more convincing screen villains of recent times.<br /><br />I can't deny my children were entertained (by comparison they were positively aggravated by Mars Needs Moms). Therefore it isn't, in all honesty, a turkey. But it doesn't fly.<br /><br />Olly Buxtonre is still a man-of-the-match performance from Flight of The Conchords' Jemaine Clement as Nigel, a baddie cockatoo - one of the more convincing screen villains of recent times.    I can't deny my children were entertained (by comparison they were positively aggravated by Mars Needs Moms). Therefore it isn't, in all honesty, a turkey. But it doesn't fly.    Olly Buxton
B004DMIIOG|5.0|I am an avid Anime fan. I actually learned Japanese in college 20 years ago (has it been that long?) for 3 years for the sole purpose of watching Anime and reading Japanese Comics (aka Manga).<br /><br />Director Mamoru Hosoda made a name for himself after winning the 2007 Animation of the Year at the Japanese Academy Awards with [[ASIN:B004LIYF62 The Girl Who Leapt Through Time [Blu-ray]]].  If people thought that win was a fluke, he came back with Summer Wars and won the same award in 2010!<br /><br />Both movies have a lot in common, which stems most likely from Director/Writer Hosoda's ability to blend multiple categories such as comedy, romance, slice of life, sci-fi and drama seamlessly into a modern day culture (well, a Japanese culture in his movies).  I believe that's why he is able to draw the audience deeply not only into the movie but makes the characters more believable and likeable (unlike some Jar character in another Sci-Fi movie).<br /><br />Summer Wars mixes the \\"cybernet\\" and the real world, making consequences in one world affect the other and vice-versa, much like the classic Tron in terms of the premise and consequences.<br /><br />I was actually expecting a lot from this movie because it was Director Hosoda's 2nd movie after making The Girl Who Leapt Through Time, and although the \\"cyberworld\\" felt a little quirky in the beginning for me, I was able to get into the movie and enjoy it even though I had high expectations.  I laughed in many parts and in other parts I really wanted to punch a couple of the guys there who didn't understand that their small actions had bigger consequences.<br /><br />This movie's theme might be summarized shortly with \\"actions and consequences: good or bad\\" =)
B003Q6D1YW|4.0|Simply put, this is a very good, interesting documentary about what can happen on facebook done by three young men who, in the end, are quite kind-hearted, considering. You don't really need to know more than that. Blu Ray is quite good considering the wide range of equipment used. Probably end up buying a copy.
0316098337|5.0|The voice of the 5-year-old Jack was endearing and heartrending. It must have been quite a challenge to think not only like a child, but like a child who has only known one place and 2 people his whole life. It felt as though I myself was a child again, and playing imaginative games and enjoying Dora the Explorer, and being blissfully unaware of what was really going on.<br /><br />Another thing I loved about this book was how it made my heart race when Jack was in danger, and how it raised goosebumps on my arms during the more suspenseful parts. I was nervous for him when he first began to experience Outside and new people. I was so into this book that it was a physical effort to put it down and go to sleep at night.<br /><br />It broke my heart that he didn't understand how free he was and that he was upsetting his Mom by wanting to go back to that horrible place. But it makes since, because it was all he'd ever known and he was comfortable there. The ending was great and I especially loved the image that the reader was left with, \\"the crater\\". An excellent finish to a wonderful and moving novel.
B0041KKYEW|3.0|thought the casting was great. the actors/actresses fit their roles. movie had great direction and meaning. solid on every front but it is overrated. i did not see anything special, amazing or different about this film for it to garnish so many Oscar nomination, including best actress.    another gripe about this film is: how many times can you possibly watch portman go crazy ? its a one time watch, like most Darren Aronofsky films. he does do terrific work, films that hit close to home. explores the concepts of needs, wants, obsessions and desire as well as any     beautifully done, worth watching but seriously, don't get hopes up too high. Oscar films aren't always necessarily that 4 star film critics rave about     p.s. for those who did love this film and want to own it. the black/red cover from target is pretty sweet and comes with a dvd copy. you can always sell the dvd or/and digital copy and keep the blu ray and pay less
B004SBQGHS|2.0|Wow, what a great time killer and it's free. super addictive and now it's on multiple platforms so everyone knows how to play. blah blah blah
B0047Y17P2|1.0|what are they charging for, a convenience fee. Its ridiculous that the E-BOOK is as much as the physical copy. Greed indeed
B003Y8YXGM|4.0|People always start reviews with one of two things: I am a huge John Lennon fan...or the concise this is my favorite Lennon album. While I am a big Lennon fan, that kind of comment will not help you make the choice of whether to buy or not buy this album. The truth is that this album is pretty good. It is by no means excellent, but it grows on you slowly like vines on an oak tree. The songs are sometimes slow and meditative, but often times reach a rock conclusion. This album may not be his technical best, but it appeals to many who understand either Lennon's work, both Beatles and solo, and others who simply have an appreciation for classic rock. This album shines after a few polishes. Worth the money, worth the time.
B001PPLIEG|5.0|As a fan who followed Bond since his first incarnation (i.e. he was Connery), up to now I have always been disappointed with his follow-ons.  Moore was too corny, Dalton too glum, etc.  It seemed that the plots were more or less the same, all so tightly wrapped in formula that in a way the gadgets, girls, and special effects were all that mattered.  I grew indifferent to the films, though would see them in passing.  Now, with this new series, I am in awe of how they are both re-making the character and enlarging the themes.<br /><br />First, the films form a series, so it is still uncertain what is really going on.  There are clues, connections between the films, but the whole remains a mystery.  I find this absolutely and delightfully intriguing for the imagination, if one is so inclined to exercise it for fun.  All we know is that there is a shadowy international organization that has not only infiltrated MI6, but has ambitions that are truly global in scope, at once a web of conspiracy but also of geopolitical proportion.  Bond has been able to muck up their immediate schemes in both films, but it doesn't seem to have gotten them very far.  So, we await the next film, where more of it will come together from the seemingly significant incidents and re-appearing characters.  It is on a par with the Bourne films in my opinion.<br /><br />Second, Bond is a grittier, more emotional character, who is deeply wounded because of Vesper and hence on a personal quest, a mix of mission and vengence.  I could completely believe that he is tormented, even obsessed with the puzzle, and has no problem breaking the rules or risking disavowal.  Plus, there is a fabulous physicality to his acting - he gets injured, has limits to his strength, and hence is more realistically vulnerable.  Again, one thinks of Jason Bourne.<br /><br />It is so new and fresh - with superlative acting and an intricacy that fits with current filmmaking - that it surpasses Connery in certain ways.  Sure, I will always like Connery, but this territory has gotten me back as a very serious fan.  Bravo!onnery, but this territory has gotten me back as a very serious fan.  Bravo!
B0019GJ4EC|3.0|John Carpenter's 1980 film 'The Fog' is a campfire ghost story put to film. It is one of the classics of the ghost story genre and is well-liked by Carpenter's fans. The film itself has a very nice soundtrack produced by Mr. Carpenter himself, and the story is as I've stated before, very interesting. The effects are somewhat dated in terms of matting and such, but the pirates themselves, seen on the cover of this Blu Ray are still as creepy as they were in '80.<br /><br />Now, what you may be asking yourself, why did I give 'The Fog' only 3 stars if I like the movie? Well, the 3 stars are not for the movie, and this review is not just for the movie. This review is about the Blu Ray transfer.<br /><br />The transfer in itself is OK. The darks are dark, the colors vibrant, the detail is adequate. But the colors seem a bit overbearing at times, and the definition seems to vary throughout the movie, making you wonder if you are truly watching in 1080p. The film does not have a horrible transfer by an means, but it is not fantastic. Hopefully a new Blu Ray will be issued in the coming months. The audio is just about the same as the transfer, adequate. Nothing fantastic but better than the DVD.<br /><br />However, the DVD has something to offer that this Blu Ray does not: Special Features. This BD has absolutely no features. If you like your special features and could wait on a better transfer, either stick with your DVD copy or go out and get one. It is relatively cheap and gives you a good commentary by the director and producer.
B0044XV3QY|5.0|In the year 2154, crippled war veteran Jake Sully (Sam Worthington) who's brother died in vein leaves Earth and put in cryo for 7 years then wakes up to be on a fresh new home called Pandora. There he makes new friends like Grace (Sigourney Weaver), Trudy (Michelle Rodriguez) and Norm (Joel David Moore) including meeting the owner of the corportion of RDA known as Selfridge Parker (Giovanni Ribsi) and hardnosed Colonel Quatrich (Stephen Lang) who both are exploiting a substance called Unobtanium which can help some of Earth's resources and Jake participates in a special program called the Avatar program which there are remote controlled bodies that mixes human and alien DNA together of the natives on the planet called the Na'Vi which are 13 feet tall wild cat-like blue humanoids as humans go throught virtual reality-like status they put their mind in link to the avatar when they sleep. Jake with Norm and Grace go out into the wild to explore and study the land they are in that is until a Thantor beast attacks with both leaving Jake behind in the wild by accident, his life has been saved by by a gorgeous Na'Vi woman named Neytiri (Zoe Salanda) then starts to join up with the Na'Vi people as he starts to learn their ways, culture and even finds himself to be part of the people. Thus Jake starts to realize that he must protect the people he now knows to go into battle against his kind.<br /><br />A brilliant and stylish live-action/CGI animated Sci-fi fantasy western action-adventure mix extraganza from auterur James Cameron who wrote, produced, edited and directed this motion picture event. In 1988 Cameron had this idea for the movie then in 1993 he wrote an 80 page screenplay as then he brought to the script to producer Jon Landau in december 1995 aiming for a 1999 release date after Titanic but the technology at the time was impossible to his film justice as he put the script in a drawer and had to wait. Then after doing documentarys in 2004 he was convinced by Lord of the Rings's technology that the time was right to do justice to his vision, from 2005 till early 2009 production began then research, developement, casting, and shooting then effects were added. WETA did some amazing visual effects and new & improved motion capture rotoscoping similar to what Ralph Bakshi and Robert Zemeckis were doing but avoiding Dead-Eye syndrome of Polar Express as the Na'Vi are belivable even with their eyes and non-robotic body movements with facial capture and skin. The acting is good quite mainly from Zoe Salanda and Stephen Lang who are the best actors in the movie and while the story is not new and many reviewers have compared it to \\"Dances with Wolves\\", you have to remember folks that \\"Dances with Wolves\\" wasn't a new idea too since it all began with 1950's Jimmy Stewart western classic \\"Broken Arrow\\" which is one of Cameron's favorite movies as that movie spawned the whole white-man joining tribe movie genre including Man Named Horse, Lawrence of Arabia, Little Big Man, Dune, Dances with Wolves, Last Samurai and now Avatar is part of the genre. Broken Arrow was Cameron's main inspiration as he wanted to do a Sci-fi take on the film and he also combined elements of the Star Wars Trilogy, Heavy Metal the movie and comic magazine, Studio Ghibli movies mainly Nausicaa, Star Trek, World History mainly the story of Pocahontas with the Spanish invading South America, the animated works of Rene Laloux mainly Fantastic Planet, westerns of the past, Issac Ashmiov's novels, John Carter of Mars and even Dune. It's a very well made, stunning and breathtaking adventure that became the most hyped movie of 2009 and delivered an amazing box-office gross to become the second highest grossing movie of all time and earning critical acclaim with now a major fanbase and created the most unique alien language this side of Klingon as even the movie was nominated for best picture at the academy and got various awards at other places, this is a must see motion picture that offers a feel good message about war and saving our enviroment but better on the big screen in 3D.<br /><br />This 3-Disc Collector's Edition Blu-Ray has all the right stuff where the previous barebones Blu-ray/DVD failed which was good for renting. The first disc contains the movie in three unique versions such as the theatrical cut, the Special Edition which has 12 minutes of never before seen footage and the final cut called The Extended Cut with 16 minutes of additional footage and alternate opening that improves the film. The Second disc contanis 45 minutes of deleted scenes especially a very cool Dune-like scene inspired by that novel's water of life scene, Capturing Avatar: An in-depth feature length documentary covering the filmmaker and their journey making the film, A Message from Pandora: A fascinating and heartbreaking look at Cameron trying to save a Brazilian native town from a dam construction as if it was Avatar for real and Production Material which covers everything from the 2006 Art Reel to screen testing and two short movies that inspired the visual effects for this movie. Disc 3 has interactive Scene Deconstruction which you explore various stages of production in 3 viewing modes that are different, 17 featurettes covering performance capture to scoring and more and finally Avatar Archieves has Teaser/trailer to this movie, the Avatar scriptments from 1995 and the revisited script from 2007, Pandorapedia which is an interactive enclyopedia that covers the history, language and biological of Pandora, two translated versions of the songs used in this movie and the art of Avatar which has many stills on the art from the film. This Blu-Ray is like a interactive movie school and a must have for fans of cinema, Sci-fi/fantasy and adventure alike for it's great fun for the whole family.<br /><br />Also recommended: \\"Nausicaa of the Valley of the Wind (aka Warriors of the Wind)\\", \\"Broken Arrow (1950)\\", \\"Dances with Wolves\\", \\"Dune (1984, 2000 mini-series and Children of Dune)\\", \\"Man Named Horse\\", \\"Little Big Man\\", \\"Princess Mononoke\\", \\"Ferngully\\", \\"Heavy Metal\\", \\"Star Wars Saga\\", \\"LightYears (Gandahar)\\", \\"Fantastic Planet\\", \\"How the West Was won\\", \\"Serenity\\", \\"Wizards\\", \\"The New World\\", \\"Fort Apache\\", \\"Castle in The Sky\\", \\"My Neighbor Totoro\\", \\"Fire and Ice\\", \\"The Last of the Mohicans\\", \\"Beowulf\\", \\"Starchaser Legend of Orin\\", \\"Lawrence of Arabia\\", \\"Aliens\\", \\"Total Recall\\", \\"The Abyss\\", \\"Inception\\", \\"Starship Troopers\\", \\"Star Trek movie saga\\", \\"Flash Gordon\\", \\"Barbarella\\", \\"Transformers 1986 2007 and Revenge of the Fallen\\", \\"Atlantis The Lost Empire\\", \\"District 9\\", \\"How to Train Your Dragon\\", \\"Willow\\", \\"Lord of the Rings Trilogy\\", \\"Dark Crystal\\", \\"Tron 1 & 2\\", \\"2001\\", \\"Final Fantasy saga\\", \\"Treasure Planet\\", \\"Pitch Black and Riddick\\", \\"Predator movies\\", \\"Ghost in The Shell\\", \\"Time Masters\\", \\"Battle for Terra\\" and \\"The Fifth Element\\".ure that offers a feel good message about war and saving our enviroment but better on the big screen in 3D.    This 3-Disc Collector's Edition Blu-Ray has all the right stuff where the previous barebones Blu-ray/DVD failed which was good for renting. The first disc contains the movie in three unique versions such as the theatrical cut, the Special Edition which has 12 minutes of never before seen footage and the final cut called The Extended Cut with 16 minutes of additional footage and alternate opening that improves the film. The Second disc contanis 45 minutes of deleted scenes especially a very cool Dune-like scene inspired by that novel's water of life scene, Capturing Avatar: An in-depth feature length documentary covering the filmmaker and their journey making the film, A Message from Pandora: A fascinating and heartbreaking look at Cameron trying to save a Brazilian native town from a dam construction as if it was Avatar for real and Production Material which covers everything from the 2006 Art Reel to screen testing and two short movies that inspired the visual effects for this movie. Disc 3 has interactive Scene Deconstruction which you explore various stages of production in 3 viewing modes that are different, 17 featurettes covering performance capture to scoring and more and finally Avatar Archieves has Teaser/trailer to this movie, the Avatar scriptments from 1995 and the revisited script from 2007, Pandorapedia which is an interactive enclyopedia that covers the history, language and biological of Pandora, two translated versions of the songs used in this movie and the art of Avatar which has many stills on the art from the film. This Blu-Ray is like a interactive movie school and a must have for fans of cinema, Sci-fi/fantasy and adventure alike for it's great fun for the whole family.    Also recommended: \\"Nausicaa of the Valley of the Wind (aka Warriors of the Wind)\\", \\"Broken Arrow (1950)\\", \\"Dances with Wolves\\", \\"Dune (1984, 2000 mini-series and Children of Dune)\\", \\"Man Named Horse\\", \\"Little Big Man\\", \\"Princess Mononoke\\", \\"Ferngully\\", \\"Heavy Metal\\", \\"Star Wars Saga\\", \\"LightYears (Gandahar)\\", \\"Fantastic Planet\\", \\"How the West Was won\\", \\"Serenity\\", \\"Wizards\\", \\"The New World\\", \\"Fort Apache\\", \\"Castle in The Sky\\", \\"My Neighbor Totoro\\", \\"Fire and Ice\\", \\"The Last of the Mohicans\\", \\"Beowulf\\", \\"Starchaser Legend of Orin\\", \\"Lawrence of Arabia\\", \\"Aliens\\", \\"Total Recall\\", \\"The Abyss\\", \\"Inception\\", \\"Starship Troopers\\", \\"Star Trek movie saga\\", \\"Flash Gordon\\", \\"Barbarella\\", \\"Transformers 1986 2007 and Revenge of the Fallen\\", \\"Atlantis The Lost Empire\\", \\"District 9\\", \\"How to Train Your Dragon\\", \\"Willow\\", \\"Lord of the Rings Trilogy\\", \\"Dark Crystal\\", \\"Tron 1 & 2\\", \\"2001\\", \\"Final Fantasy saga\\", \\"Treasure Planet\\", \\"Pitch Black and Riddick\\", \\"Predator movies\\", \\"Ghost in The Shell\\", \\"Time Masters\\", \\"Battle for Terra\\" and \\"The Fifth Element\\".
B002ZG99QS|1.0|This was a free rental from redbox...<br />In tron legacy young Flynn goes into encom through a large door while stating to himself \\"thats a big door\\" however the door is about 1/4 the size of the door in the first tron where Bridges states \\"Now that's a big door\\" to his two companions.<br /><br />It was clear from this pale imitation of a scene that I was in for an underwhelming experience.<br /><br />The original tron had a lot going for it, it had charm wit and exuberant acting, some great costumes and visuals by mead and moebius.<br /><br />This one has nothing going on, recycled dialogue, flat acting, no story, no sensible motivation, no semblance of reality, no humor, no excitement, the computer generated Bridges is jarring and unnecessary, his son is a complete cipher who just staggers around with a beatdown look on his face.<br /><br />In closing this is a stupid film in which actors playing computer programs do a lot of stupid things.<br /><br />Check out new rose hotel if you're interested in what it would be like to be a computer program in a well written film.
030746363X|5.0|I'm not a body builder and I don't have any interest in running marathons or modeling.  I am a 34 year old man working a desk job 40 hours a week, and interested in maximizing the enjoyment I get from my evenings and weekends.  Tim Ferriss's book provided the inspiration that I needed to get up off the couch and reclaim life!  I have a weight loss goal of 20 pounds and I considered following The South Beach Diet again, having had success losing 28 pounds in three months [five months ago].  After a vacation (and much-appreciated break from dieting), I am ready to lose the final 20 pounds.  A friend recommended The 4-Hour Body and was extremely enthusiastic about the results he had seen in just the first three weeks of following the slow carb diet and performing the Kettlebell Swing.  I began reading the book and was immediately engaged.  While Tim's diet plan may not work for everyone (my partner included), I have had success in eating the same meals over and over again.  To many, this lack of variety is a deal-breaker.  I don't revel in the notion of eating the same droll food for breakfast, lunch, and dinner day after day, but I have seen first-hand the benefit of sticking to this regimen.  I am halfway into my second week on the diet and I am pleased with the results that I've seen so far.  I am down 4 pounds and have begun to see positive changes in the circumference measurements of my upper arms, waist, hips, and upper thighs.  I'm halfway through the book and I am enjoying the practical direction and suggestions offered throughout the text.  And I like that Tim identifies where you can find the resources that he used in his experiments so that if I choose, I can perform the same tests and trials.  Today I bask in the glow of hope - I feel more confident about being able to achieve this weight-loss goal (and body recomposition) than I ever have by following other weight loss plans.
B004SBS8LA|2.0|I wish it wouldn't lockup after completing the 2nd world.  3rd world said April for the longest time. now it says May. so why do u have to wait an entire month to continue playing. ?????
1439102724|2.0|I have been a fan of Picoult's work for a while now.  I've read most of her books and have enjoyed them.  This is the first big disappointment.  If you are a Christian you will be offended to be grouped into the extreme religious group depicted here. She is so concerned with showing the plight of the gay community, that she puts Christians in their (the gays) place and persecutes them (the Christians).  Just as you cannot stereotype gay people, blacks, Mexicans, rich or poor, you also cannot stereotype Christians. Not all Christians are extreme, as she depicts them in her book.  There are groups like the ones she has here, but they are few.  They just get all the press, which must be where she got her research.  I have been a Christian for over 40 years and I have yet to meet a Christian like those in her book.  It would have been a better and more believable book, had she done better research on what Christianity truly is. It is clear in this book, she has one agenda only, and it is not to show both sides, but only one.  It's unfortunate that such a good author would use her great skills to write such a prejudicial and offensive book.  She is so against Gay bashing that she becomes a Christian basher.  If you are gay and hate Christians, you will love this book.  It will confirm what you think you know, but don't.  It will encourage you to join Ms. Picoult in doing to Christians what you believe we do to you.  That is a shame.
B0041KKYEM|2.0|Sorry folks.  I had very high hopes for Black Swan.  I have loved almost everything Natalie Portman has done, from \\"The Professional\\" to \\"Beautiful Girls\\" to \\"Garden State\\".  But in all honestly, I thought this movie pretty much sucked.  The only reason it gets 2 stars is Portman being in it.  I found it boring, with bad cinematography.  I was very dissapointed.  And I find it annoying when the filmmaker shows you one scene that he makes you believe is true, then later springs it on us that it was just in her head.  Of course they have to add the semi-lesbian scene, which really had no purpose.  The overbearing mother was like acartoon.  I was actually blown away that this was even nominated for best picture.  But the films this year in general were just not quality.  Do NOT see \\"Blue Valentine or Winter's Bone, unless you need a good sedative.  I mean my goodness, what happened to entertaining us????
630471193X|4.0|This film is an amazing example of John Travolta acting, he has a innocence about him and brings a lot of just his natural self to this movie.  It is funny and brillant to watch and a good family movie as there is no violence or bad language which also makes a good watch.  I feel he changed in his later movies when he started playing \\"bad guy\\" roles and has never been the same since.
B000P0J0EW|5.0|This is such a great movie on so many levels.  From beginning to end you are entertained and engrossed in the story and the characters.  The movie lets you watch the ingenuity of someone that realizes they are stuck in their circumstances and their greatest ally is time.    The main character that Tim Robbins played, Andy Dufresne, basically moved a mountain with a spoon.  In addition to that he set himself up financially to be self sufficient after his escape.  He setup the 'not so nice' prison warden to be exposed for his mistreatment of the prisoners.  He gave his best friend a goal to look forward to after getting released on parole, Red, played by Morgan Freeman.    The storytelling narration sprinkled in, by the voice of Morgan Freeman, captivated you and tugged at your heartstrings.      The message I took away from this movie is: You can accomplish anything you set out to do, given persistence and time.      I first read this as a short story by stephen king.  The movie brilliantly brought it to life even better than my imagined it.
B003VPAX4Y|5.0|I would like to point out that Blu Ray of \\"Shakespeare in Love\\" that Mark Barry is reviewing is actually the European/UK 1080p release, but he has erroneously listed his review on the site for the Canadian (Alliance) 1080i Blu Ray release.   Those in the USA interested in obtaining the European 1080p/24 5.1 DTS-HD MA release should know that it plays FLAWLESSLY on my standard Sony PS3 in the USA, as it is \\"Region Free\\".  It can be obtained at amazon.co.uk for less (delivered) than the inferior Canadian version.  Also note that the 1080i/60 Canadian (Alliance) edition only has subtitles in French, while the 1080p/24 UK/European edition contains subtitles in English as well as many other languages.
B002GTZSZU|5.0|This film tells the very interesting story of how Antonio Salieri, the court composer in Vienna, tried to compete with Mozart. I stress \\"tried\\" because the film also makes it clear what a genius Mozart was - he started composing operas and symphonies before he was even a teenager, and when composing he did so without needing any corrections. Salieri was jealous of Mozart and appalled when he learned what a depraved man he was. Salieri himself pledged to God he would remain celibate if he was granted the ability to create music.    The story is told through flashbacks by Salieri who is now an old man living in a mental hospital. F. Murray Abraham is wonderful as Salieri - showing his scheming as a younger man and his lasting jealousy and admiration of Mozart as an old man. Even Salieri admired and cherished Mozart's works. The movie contains a great selection of his works, used both as background music and in the foreground with scenes involving his operas performed on stage. Among other things, watching this movie reminded me I want to see another classical concert sometime soon; it even made me interested in going to see an opera.    My favorite part of the movie was Mozart himself. Tom Hulce was dynamic in the role, conveying Mozart's zest for life, an abundance of passion for his work, and his deterioration toward the end. On the spur of the moment, Mozart was able to memorize and improve upon a small piece by Salieri which he heard only once. He fought against any minor changes to his own work because he considered it perfect as it was written. Mozart was rightfully proud of his work, but as a result of his pride and non-conformity, he found it difficult to make a living. Salieri, with the little power he did have, managed to make things even more difficult for Mozart by getting the performances of his operas limited to only a few. Salieri even uses Mozart's feelings of guilt after his father's passing to drive him crazy. While the end is tragic, the movie stillleft me delighted by the wonderful music and how full of life they made Mozart seem.
B004EBT5CU|5.0|Adele has a great sound. love her music, her voice and where it takes you in your mind. great tunes! ... a must if you enjoy her music.
B0032UYFA6|5.0|Admittedly, I don't really watch that much T.V.; I don't like to schedule my life around a programs weekly installments. With that said, I would recommend Breaking Bad to anyone and everyone. Quite possibly the best television drama ever conceived, it transcends the poorly acted, poorly scripted drivel being broadcast on most stations these days (how many shows do we need about law enforcement and forensics?). Breaking Bad is wholly original and engrossing in ways few shows can hope to match. The premise of the series (a terminally cancerous chemistry teacher selling crystal meth to provide for his family) has long been forgotten by the end of season three, and yet the writers still manage to keep the show evolving at a pace that matches, and even sometimes exceeds, the gripping excitement the show began with.     The acting quality of Breaking Bad's cast is exceptional as well; Once you've seen Bryan Cranston as Walter White, you won't be able to watch him in anything else; his realization of the character completely justifies his three consecutive Emmy wins. The supporting actors are also expertly cast; you will get lost in this show. I understand this all may sound superfluous, but Breaking Bad deserves all the praise it receives. Just stop reading what I think about it and go watch it already! You won't be disappointed.
B004AUGJS8|4.0|Seriously, after all those \\"coincidences\\" he couldn't be convicted? People get convicted for less than that everyday! Oh, how the super wealthy can always find ways to get away with something (even murder). I'm sure his family and friends knew he was mentally ill, but that's how those family handle these things...they don't say anything, keep it a \\"family secret\\" and clean up the messes. It's very destructive. With him being able to get and do what he wanted as he grew up, Marks had no sensitivity to anyone or anything but himself. That's not only narcissistic, but borderline psychopathic (which I think he was). Funny thing is crazy people are always crazy when they do something bad, but he's not crazy enough to confess and go to jail is he? ha!    Anyway, I don't see why all the evidence couldn't convict him? was it all charged separately? because linked together this is circumstantial evidence, isn't it? wouldn't that be enough to convict? hello, the Peterson case?! And in what world is chopping up a body self defense? If he really did that, is not that a BIG CLUE? Sure, he can say it's self defense, but isn't there something about how self-defense gone too far is considered manslaughter? No one who isn't an actual killer is able to see a bloody body nor actually cut one up. If he can do that b/c of \\"self defense\\" he's sick.    last, Ryan did a GREAT job... I wonder if this messed with his head... I'm not a dunst fan. She was ok.    Conclusion: great mystery, suspense and thriller. The director (or writer) definitely has a bias.
B001DJLCRC|5.0|If you haven't seen any of Breaking Bad yet, I would recommend starting with the DVD version. I was fortunate enough to see the Pilot for the first time on DVD, and when I saw the broadcast version later I was very disappointed with some of the cuts they made. The scenes with Walter washing his student's car, and holding Hank's gun at the party were some of my favorites in the whole episode, but they're not essential to the plot so you won't see them on T.V. or on AMC's website. I haven't seen Amazon digital version so I don't know if those scenes are intact. If you haven't seen the Pilot yet I would definitely recommend renting or buying the DVD version first.
B004UNB1R4|5.0|Lord, It's good to hear you back in the saddle.    Wow.....    Boy , did we ever miss you and your music!
B0030IIZ4M|5.0|My grandchildren love it and EVERY Grandparent should keep films like this to entertain the grandchildren    Keep the little Angels quiet without a fuss since the actually like this product and will thank you for letting them watch it.    The NEVER get tired of watching.
B004SKHJF2|1.0|The app force closes all the time on Captivate. Will work after reinstall, but will start force closing after that. It happened on 2 different custom roms Phoenix Ultimate and Unleashed. Therefore its the app issue and not with the rom per se.
B0001I561E|5.0|My grandchildren love it and EVERY Grandparent should keep films like this to entertain the grandchildren    Keep the little Angels quiet without a fuss since the actually like this product and will thank you for letting them watch it.    The NEVER get tired of watching.
B000FP2OPY|3.0|If you are 16, this is probably a really cool series.  I had some trouble getting past the cheesiness of the plot.  The acting is less than stellar, but I will say that the creepiness factor was definitely there.  Ultimately, I couldn't get into it and stopped watching after episode 3.  Thought I would like this series because I do like The Vampire Diaries and that is sort of a teenage drama, too, but this just wasn't for me.
B000OLGCI4|5.0|My grandchildren love it and EVERY Grandparent should keep films like this to entertain the grandchildren    Keep the little Angels quiet without a fuss since the actually like this product and will thank you for letting them watch it.    The NEVER get tired of watching.
B004GYY714|1.0|on my LG Optimus problems with working and had to uninstall.  Would take long time to load, station would come in and out, lower bit stream would have poor sound quality.  Has a nice interface.  Could be that my phone is underpowered for this app.
B001ILFUD2|5.0|My grandchildren love it and EVERY Grandparent should keep films like this to entertain the grandchildren    Keep the little Angels quiet without a fuss since the actually like this product and will thank you for letting them watch it.    The NEVER get tired of watching.
0756404738|4.0|After reading this massive book in like 4 days it's clear i loved it. I was never bored, but there are definitely some problems. First off, the main overarching story gets thrown out the window for the most part with little to no progression on that front. A lot more action than in Name of the Wind but there are some problems here as well where Kvothe becomes a pretty ruthless guy in about 20 pages. Also, his quite modest girl adventures also get thrown out where after a certain event in the story, he suddenly has become a massive horn dog and this book has way more sex and sexual innuendos then I've seen in a book, not that it's necessarily bad, it's just odd because Kvothe sort of changed to fit the role. While the book was great and there's a lot of nice character progression, i think it's safe to say this book wasn't as good as Name of the Wind and while I'll still buy any book by Rothfuss, i feel a more casual reader could simply skip this book altogether and still be able to rap up the story. On another note, the last book is going to have to be massive or not be a trilogy as was stated. there is simply too much left to explain. Overall, it's still awesome and an amazing fantasy novel, give it a shot.
B001JRB16U|5.0|My grandchildren love it and EVERY Grandparent should keep films like this to entertain the grandchildren    Keep the little Angels quiet without a fuss since the actually like this product and will thank you for letting them watch it.    The NEVER get tired of watching.
B004K8WJ52|4.0|First let me compliment Amazon on their packaging, I think they FINALLY got it right with shipping LP's!! Both record came in perfect condition and didn't bust through the sleeves.     This vinyl package is nice, double vinyl, gate fold, and two plain paper sleeves. The gate-fold is great and very sturdy, and all the lyrics and credits are contained therein. The quality of the vinyl itself on Forevermore also seems to be of higher quality than Good to Be Bad.    On to the music...this album is awesome!! Thank you Dave and company for making a great album!!  This record makes Good to be Bad sound like a practice album with a new line up, and Forevermore sounds like a much more cohesive group.   I listened to the entire record (all four sides) last night, and I could have gone for a 5th!! No filler, no BS, just great hard rocking songs with a sprinkle of ballad for good measure.   If you were wishy washy on the last record, which I was, this is a major improvement. David's Voice is still unbelievable, Doug and Reb are fantastic! See you on tour!!
B000XUOIQ4|5.0|My grandchildren love it and EVERY Grandparent should keep films like this to entertain the grandchildren    Keep the little Angels quiet without a fuss since the actually like this product and will thank you for letting them watch it.    The NEVER get tired of watching.
B004SBS8LA|5.0|Get em birds...Get em!  The real challenge is to achieve 3 stars for each level.  Try to clear the board in one launch...not as easy as it looks<br />Very Fun!<br />Evo 4g
B000B8QG4A|5.0|My grandchildren love it and EVERY Grandparent should keep films like this to entertain the grandchildren    Keep the little Angels quiet without a fuss since the actually like this product and will thank you for letting them watch it.    The NEVER get tired of watching.
031261246X|4.0|Geek Thrillers are hard to come by.  The last such thriller I can remember was [[ASIN:1416507787 The Cuckoo's Egg: Tracking a Spy Through the Maze of Computer Espionage]], a novel that focuses on the nitty gritty of tracking down a hacker in the pre-WWW days.    Zero Day is a novel about a security consultant that is hired to fix the damage a virus has caused; and during this time the virus causes havoc with other computer systems as it propagates through the internet, resulting in the deaths of civilians in many walks of life: Hospital patients, nuclear power engineers, Automobile factory workers, Ships running aground, and airplanes in flight.  The virus turns out to be more sinister than first thought; and it's a race against the clock to figure out who made it and how to stop it.    Zero Day is written as if it's going to be turned into a movie. There isn't a lot of backstory or internal thinking; most of the action happens 'on the screen', where it would be relatively simple to turn it into a movie. It's extremely well written, and there were times that I couldn't put it down and if I did I'd just pick it up again.  It delves into the worst-case scenario and shows just how plausible it is.      Mark draws on his real-world experience as a Security researcher at Microsoft to bring the plausible nature of Zero Day to life.  The tools used in Zero Day mirror real-world applications; but unfortunately he doesn't take it to the depths that followers of his blog might expect.  As a programmer I hoped for more technical information about the virus or the tools used to track it down; but the author chose to forgo that to entice a larger audience.      If you're expecting a thriller that goes into the depth that Cuckoo's Egg did, you'll be sorely disappointed. If however, you're expecting an exciting adventure that keeps you hooked until the last page, give Zero Day a read, or five.
B001ILFUDC|5.0|My grandchildren love it and EVERY Grandparent should keep films like this to entertain the grandchildren    Keep the little Angels quiet without a fuss since the actually like this product and will thank you for letting them watch it.    The NEVER get tired of watching.
B001HN6EF4|4.0|I wanted durable uno cards that would last. I think that these plastic cards will do the job. Kids and I love uno.
B00335EQ0E|5.0|My grandchildren love it and EVERY Grandparent should keep films like this to entertain the grandchildren    Keep the little Angels quiet without a fuss since the actually like this product and will thank you for letting them watch it.    The NEVER get tired of watching.
B004KA9MQO|3.0|Jennifer falls into the sophomore release stereotype with this album. It doesn't live up to the first album for me. There are a couple of good tracks like No One Gonna Love You, Everybody Needs Love, and Don't Look Down. There are a few snoozers, and the rest are below the radar. The album isn't horrible, but it's not Jennifer's best work. Preview the album before you buy it, unless you are a die hard Jennifer Hudson fan.
B000JBWWRY|5.0|My grandchildren love it and EVERY Grandparent should keep films like this to entertain the grandchildren    Keep the little Angels quiet without a fuss since the actually like this product and will thank you for letting them watch it.    The NEVER get tired of watching.
B0047Y17P2|1.0|One of the most senseless pricing decision I have ever seen.  Whoever heard of an e-book priceed higher than a hardcover?  Anybody who buys this e-book at this price is just encouraging other publishers to do the same thing in the future.
B00024I2Z4|5.0|My grandchildren love it and EVERY Grandparent should keep films like this to entertain the grandchildren    Keep the little Angels quiet without a fuss since the actually like this product and will thank you for letting them watch it.    The NEVER get tired of watching.
031261246X|5.0|The book Zero Day is an instant computer security classic. Unlike The Cuckoo's egg (which I also recommend), Zero Day is a fictional story, but not at all less plausible.    It's very fun to read, with a captivating plot. I kept flipping to the back cover making sure I remembered correctly, that the author is a computer security expert who wrote sysinternals, a hardcore system administration tool for Windows -- He may well have been a professional novelist.     Its target audience is not limited to computer professionals, but computer geeks should really enjoy it. When it gets technical, the author does a great job at explaining the terms, and the technical parts are extremely accurate. I'm quite familiar with the technology though, so I'm probably biased -- others might find it too technical for their taste.    The threat of attacks against big Western companies isn't imaginary -- RSA and Google among many others have been the targets of attacks just like the ones described in the book. When the purpose of the attack becomes destruction, the story is certainly more interesting.
B0007KTBIU|5.0|My grandchildren love it and EVERY Grandparent should keep films like this to entertain the grandchildren    Keep the little Angels quiet without a fuss since the actually like this product and will thank you for letting them watch it.    The NEVER get tired of watching.
0525423273|5.0|This book set a new standard for me as to what a YA novel can bring to the table. For once I feel like the characters were real, flesh and blood teens. I felt like I was watching the movie of my own first love. It's a spectacular novel with a quickly established brisk pacing and just the right mix of external and internal conflict. I would recommend it to anyone and I intend on following the author's career for many years to come. In short--read this book. You won't regret it.
1423124960|5.0|My daughter loves this book.  In fact I have lost count the number of times we have read this book to her.  If your daughter is a fanatic about princesses like mine is, this is a wonderful book for her.
0375703861|5.0|I loved reading this book.      Zadie Smith weaves a very funny, poignant and at times heart wrenching story of two families from very different backgrounds who come together as friends.  She expresses the worries many immigrant families feel when they are trying to raise their children in a culture different to their own.  How much do they give up in order fit in, and how much do they hold on to, in order to stay true to their religion, roots and beliefs?  Immigrant parents are often torn, they've usually moved to a new land for a better life, but not everything that comes with the move is to their liking.  The cultures often clash and a struggle between parents, their children, pop culture, schools and community etc. can ensue.  These are the very things that Zadie Smith addresses in \\"White Teeth\\".      A good portion of the story is told through the voice of Samad, a Bengali father who has moved to England and has made friends with an Englishman Archie, and his Jamaican wife Clara.  However, the other part is told through their children and how they feel about the age in which they are living and how they deal with their own angst and growing pains.  Clara's family and other characters add quite a bit of entertainment to the story too.  The way in which Zadie has written the dialogue was fun to read.  As I read, I could hear the accents of the Bengali family, the English characters, the crass youth and the Jamaican patois of Clara and her family.  I found myself laughing out loud many many times throughout the book - once nearly falling off the bike at the gym!    Personally, I'd liked to have known more about Archie and Clara's relationship and how that marriage survived it's differences, but I thoroughly enjoyed living the ups and downs of Samad and his wife Alsana's relationship and the exploits of the children in the book.    Overall, an excellent read!  I feel I may be slightly biased however, as my multicultural background (Indian, Jamaican, English) is main theme of this book - and that NEVER happens, plus it is set in the 70's & 80's in England which is the era of my teenage years, so i could really relate on so many levels!!!   Having said that, this book was recommended to me by a middle-aged white American woman - so i guess it's enjoyable to a broad range of people!
B00475AYJQ|3.0|It is a good book and I love his writing but you have to be really dedicated to get over the slow section right before page 600.
B004S699LI|1.0|This is just a crappy money grab. The A/V presentation is terrible. Get the Alliance version, it is very good!
B001TMG9DA|5.0|City of Glass is of course the third installment of the Mortal Instruments Series. When I picked up City of Glass (COG) it was back when originally Cassandra Clare (the author)was just making The Mortals Instruments a trilogy. She has since then decide to make it a 6 books series. The next book is City of Fallen Angels.    City of Glass was an excellent read. The book is set in The City of Glass: Alicante, which is in Idris. In COG Jace and Clary finally find out the truth about their origins. Clary succeeds in her goal in finding the cure to her mother's illiness. In GOG most every problem is solved. When I read City of Glass I was on the edge of my set and I could not put the book down. I usually never go back and read books again but I just reciently went back and read COG again and it was as good this time around was it was the first time.
B003MX5P20|4.0|It has at least 4 or 5 great songs, which makes the CD worth paying for. My kids love the music and who doesn't like Emrique, right?
B000AJIF4E|5.0|Despite what some people say about the pads of this phone, I must disagree. I have been using it for a couple of months and for some long hours and it felt really comfortable.<br />I`m not a professional, but the sound is really good, specially if you compare this phone with those from Beats by Dre's Monster, which cost like 3x more.<br />I don`t think it`s worthy.<br /><br />This phone is great for it`s price and to use it at home or studio. I wouldn't use in a noisy place since it has no noise reduction or something like that, which is not a problem for me.<br /><br />Briefly, consider buying this phone. The price is worthy for what you get.
B003UESJFG|5.0|Very funny, exactly what my kids love. They get entertained for a good 1 hr and 45 minutes.  Excellent movie to watch with the family.
0756404738|5.0|I cannot for the life of me understand how anyone can write a review of this novel and complain that it was too long.  The writing quality is every bit as incredible and beautiful as \\"The Name of the Wind\\".  Why would someone want LESS?  I don't get it.  Now certainly I'd agree that in a normally written novel, the length might be a bit excessive.  In a normal novel I tend to be more interested in WHAT is going to happen then HOW it happens - and if it's a book I'm enjoying I'll read it as quickly as possible, because I have to know what happens.      This isn't a normal novel.    I read this book as slowly as I could manage, because it's worth savoring.  The plot, for me, is secondary to the sheer beauty of the writing itself.  It's been a long time since I've read an author so skilled at putting words together.  There's a lyrical, almost musical quality to every sentence and paragraph.  The questions I had at the end of \\"The Name of the Wind\\" I still have now, having finished \\"The Wise Man's Fear\\", and I'm not at all frustrated by that because it's the journey itself, rather then the destination, that's the point.      Think of \\"Lord of the Rings\\".  Could that story have been told in one book, in a third of the time?  Of course - but then it wouldn't be the same story.  It wouldn't be as nuanced, the characters wouldn't be as fleshed out, the WORLD wouldn't be as developed.  It's the same with \\"The Wise Man's Fear\\".  Discovering a world is not a quick process that should be rushed through to get to the plot, and if Rothfuss' had done that, if he'd edited and cut as some of the negative reviews are saying he should have, this novel wouldn't be half as incredible as it is.
B0047Y17P2|5.0|The most disappointing thing about this book is that Michael Connelly's next book won't be out until October.  The good news is that the next one features Hieronymous Bosch again.    'The Fifth Witness' is one of Michael Connelly's best books, up there, in my opinion, with 'the Concrete Blonde'.  Bought it yesterday, and almost read it in one session (except the battery in the iPad went flat before I did).  I found I wasn't able to predict the twists in the plot.    I didn't regret one minute paying more for the Kindle edition than I would have for the hardcover edition.  Instant gratification and the greater ease of reading it in eBook rather than printed format more than make up for the little extra cost.
B0024FADAQ|5.0|What's so great about this movie you ask? It's just lighthearted fun. When it was created it was obvious no one was taking things to serious, and they made it family friendly to boot. How many movies to you feel comfortable with the whole family watching without getting into some sort of adult discussion? Here you needn't worry. Sit back and enjoy a light comedy and a bit of a space opera like Star Wars. Good acting, decent F/X for when it was made, great storyline, excellent music, wonderful directing, fine camera work, and concise editing. I highly recommend this one for the whole family. A young man is a hero at his trailer park, not just because he is a champion on a video game, but because he cares about his community and shows it. His girlfriend recognizes his potential and supports him. It turns out aliens see his potential as well. Some are good and some are evil. Lucky for us the good ones recruit him to fly a fighter for the Star League before he is killed, but the evil ones won't give up. If you enjoyed this movie, be sure to catch [[ASIN:B0002V7O3I Explorers]] and [[ASIN:B0000DZTIL My Science Project]].<br />CA Luster
0061726826|5.0|When I heard that Lauren Oliver was going to give a go at a dystopian novel, I was super excited based on reviews from her first book. I never read the first book because it reminded me too much of the Remember Me series from Christopher Pike which I had just finished re-reading, but I love dystopian novels so I tried it out. First of all, I would give this novel ten stars if I could. I haven't been so into a book since The Hunger Games. I was even shocked by how much I really loved the romance between Lena and Alex.    The story takes place in Portland sometime in the far away future. Lena could have been my great great great great granddaughter. Anyways, love is considered a disease, one that all must be cured from. Not only cured from though; everyone that resides in the safety of America since the borders closed is required to have a procedure at the age of 18, no sooner if it can be helped, to cure them of amor deliria nervosa, aka love.     Lena has a dark cloud hanging over her head from birth. Her mother, a known diseased, has had the procedure three times. Just before they are going to take her for the fourth time, she kills herself to escape going through the pain again. Since her death, Lena has lived with her Aunt. She counts the days down till her procedure... until she meets a boy named Alex.     At first I was extremely annoyed by Lena, but then I realized that was only because I live in a world where falling in love is something to be celebrated. I kept thinking, \\"Why are you complaining??\\" but then I realized that being cured was all Lena was ever taught. Falling in love and all the symptoms of deliria were horrible to her, like cancer signs would be to me today. I was also wondering about Hana from the start. It seems that if Hana would have been the main character things would have been much more expected coming from her. She is the funny, free, and adventurous best friend that I was certain would travel along besides Lena into the next book. I loved the friendship that Oliver spun between the two girls, and the sadness that having the procedure would ultimately bring to them being that they would no longer fit into the same social circles or want to do things like run or spend time together. I love the way Oliver made that so real, how the \\"cured\\" behaved. I really fell into this world... and in love with it.    My favorite part of the book was the romance between Alex and Lena. When I was reading about their first encounters it brought me back to when I met my husband and how caught up I was in everything that had to do with him. I literally felt like I was falling in love with Lena, a good sign of an amazing author, which I feel Oliver is for sure. I have read so many teen romance novels and some are so annoying like, omg you're obsessing over him AGAIN? (Hush Hush, Falllen) Oliver never gives you that kind of obsession, only real love. I remember so many times being in situations like Lena was presented where she would do anything in the world to sneak out of the house to see Alex, or get out of work, and how while she was doing it she would think \\"omg what am I doing?\\" while trembling with excitement. Honestly Oliver nails the whole falling in love thing.     ***SPOILER ALERT***    The ending of the book, when Lena finds out that her mother is still alive, was completely predictable for me. I knew right from the start that her mother would still be alive, right when she went into the story while swimming with Alex about how she used to imaginer her mother still out there in the Wilds. What I couldn't wrap my head around was why when she was finally ready to go, did Alex then put up a fight. Just a day before then he was so eager to show her that her mother was alive (to convince her to leave I am guessing?) and then when she is ready to go he decides to play it safe. They should have just left, but then we wouldn't have encountered the amazing ending that brought me to tears. I hate reading other reviews that claim that Alex is dead. First off, there are two more novels to come. There is no way that Alex is dead, but I'm assuming he won't be making an appearance until the end of the second novel in good young adult romance fashion. But I'm also certain that in that same fashion, Lena will meet a new boy in the Wilds that will help her find her mother and join the rebellion or whatever so that the people living in the Wilds can get their lives back and stop having to be \\"Fixed\\". Which I don't really understand because there are so many people in the confines of the walls that want the procedure and fully believe in it. We also have yet to find out why the government is doing these procedures at all, and what they have to gain from them. I look forward to the next two books. Honestly, I wish there were more on the way.
B004I2K4DY|5.0|I love this Les Miserable concert. Alfie Boe did a wonderful job in playing the role of Jean Valjean. Lea Salonga also did a great job of playing Fantine this time. In the previous Les Miserables play and concert, she did the role of Eponine and it was also excellent. What I didn't like in this concert is Nick Jonas playing as Marius. I don't think it was suitable for him. He doesn't really have a good vocal range. For me, he did an OK job. Overall, the concert was still great!
0385737955|5.0|The Maze Runner was amazing. Loved it. Can't wait for the third book to come out. I have been avoiding this book because I didn't know what it was about until recently. I am so glad I finally picked it up!     Thomas is just another boy that arrives in the box. Only difference is that the day after he arrives, another box comes up... something that's never happened before in the three years the early boys had been living in the Maze. What was in the box made things even harder to swallow. A girl, a half dead girl, comes out of the box predicting things that scare the boys, and make them believe that Thomas knows something about what she was saying. Each boy in the Maze has a job, and as soon as Thomas gets to the Maze he is drawn to the runners, something he can't understand but knows he must try to do. Basically that's all that he thinks about, that and the girl that came out of the second box, Theresa. She can communicate with him telepathically, which Thomas basically hates because all he wants is to fit in and be normal and not someone involved in the knowledge of the Maze.     The fun really starts one night when Thomas races to help a runner get through the walls right before they close at sunset. Forced to stay in the maze the entire night, he and two runners are confronted with staying alive... something else that has never been done. But staying alive sparks new tests... which then result in one thing... escaping the maze.     I loved this book. It kept me interested and thinking about it well after I had finished reading it. I raced out to buy the second one when I was done and I am thrilled to see that the third one finally has a home here on Amazon. I look forward to reading the third. I loved that the story was mainly about the Maze, not the love story that could or couldn't have been between Theresa and Thomas. It was sorta like the Hunger Games in that respect... where the entire book wasn't based on a love story, the love story is sorta like the background noise. I like that I wanted Thomas to be with Theresa but I also wanted to know more about the Maze. I wanted Thomas to get out and figure out what all the clues and signs were pointing to. I wanted to know what happened when people got stung and what they could see. This book kept me entertained all the way through. Definitely recommended.
B000006TRV|5.0|Pink Floyd was already on top of the world when they released this album which, in a way, is the most audacious record they ever recorded.  This album has more of a unified concept than anything else in the Pink Floyd discography.  A rock opera much like The Who's \\"Tommy\\", and Genesis' \\"The Lamb Lies Down On Broadway\\", this album tells the story of a troubled rock star who becomes emotionally detached and downright sadistic.  The album works much like a film: the protagonist, named Pink, goes through a tragic story of metal decline, and eventually redemption.  He slowly builds a \\"wall\\" around himself, completely shutting himself from the world outside his mind.    Much of the story is based on Roger Water own life.  Like Pink, he lost a father during the war, and also like Pink, he became a emotionally disturbed rock star.  The main character's story is also much like that of former member Syd Barrett, who left the band after metal illness and drug abuse caught up to him.  The album take on a very depressing tone as the protagonist's life spirals out of control.  Every horrific event in his life such as the death of his father, the abuse of school teachers, and his divorce install another \\"brick\\" in the wall.  The concept is unlike anything ever thought of in rock music.  You don't even see this kind of story much in film with the exception of a few like \\"A Clock Work Orange\\" and \\"Taxi Driver\\"; both of which have plots similar to \\"The Wall\\".    This plot, however, would not work well if the music wasn't anything exceptional.  Yet, the music is some of the best Pink Floyd has ever recorded.  Aside from the usual eerie soundscapes, their is a lot of dialog that moves the story along.  And then there's David Gilmour's guitar work.  His solos on \\"Hey You\\", and especially \\"Comfortably Numb\\" have become classic rock standards.  And of course there's the famous childrens chorus on the second part of \\"Another Brick In The Wall\\", which helped elevate that song to legendary status.    This is about as mature as classic rock can get.  It has a message, and it goes to the extreme to convey that message to its listeners.  The message that redemption can come even for the most destructive of souls is an age old rhetoric that is creatively presented here is an effortless fashion.  A must have for those who like to \\"think\\" when they listen to rock.
1439177783|5.0|Unbearable Lightness follows Portia de Rossi on an emotional journey through bulimia and anorexia from beginning to end. Starting from childhood and a modeling job she was sure she talked her way into, and ending with the fairy tale romance we see from her and Ellen today. Portia spent most of her life feeling like she didn't deserve anything that came her way This was partially because she was gay, and because she couldn't change that, she controlled the one thing she could: her weight. She lived two lives, one in front of the cameras where she was a single straight female on a hit TV series. Another, a closeted gay woman obsessed with food portions and working out. She lived a sick sad life of self abuse and loneliness until she was able to confront her family and herself with the reality of her illness and her lifestyle.<br /><br />I am absolutely in love with this book and with Portia. Before reading this book I too have struggled with my weight. It's funny because she says something to the effect of: No matter how much I diet or workout I always end up right back at 130. This ended up being her \\"natural weight\\", something I had heard of a person having but I always struggled with finding or knowing mine. I had tried everything from fad diets to not eating until 5pm, and I always remained at 130. Food was an obsession, and I would obsess over what was in my cabinets until I allowed myself to eat them. I would binge, but unlike Portia, I never purged. Since reading this compelling story I have ended my battle with food. I enjoy what I want when I want. I never considered myself to have an eating disorder, but I definitely spend way too much time thinking about eating. Since reading this book I have ended that cycle of thoughts. I related a lot to Portia when she would tell herself that she didn't deserve things because she was fat or disgusting and there were even times when I was jealous of her control when she only ate a small amount of calories a day. I actually felt motivated by her sense of urgency towards working out and almost wondered if this book was going to be a tool towards me being worse with food then better. However, when I reached the final pages of the book I felt freedom from food because she felt freedom from food. It was such an emotional journey, one that I flew through with her, and by the end it just made sense to stop fighting with food and to just let go. That was three months ago. Since then I have not gained a pound. I do not binge, and I am no longer hating myself after I eat a meal. I recommend this book to anyone who has ever battled with food, and to everyone else who hasn't.motivated by her sense of urgency towards working out and almost wondered if this book was going to be a tool towards me being worse with food then better. However, when I reached the final pages of the book I felt freedom from food because she felt freedom from food. It was such an emotional journey, one that I flew through with her, and by the end it just made sense to stop fighting with food and to just let go. That was three months ago. Since then I have not gained a pound. I do not binge, and I am no longer hating myself after I eat a meal. I recommend this book to anyone who has ever battled with food, and to everyone else who hasn't.
B004GYY714|1.0|The music on this app kept cutting out as I tried using it. I couldnt stand it for more than one song and exited the program and deleted it.
B000000WHC|5.0|Ive had this album for a number of years now aand each time i play it , it keeps getting better.  in my opinion one of the greatest albums ever made
B003XQRZ7E|5.0|And the guys were totally right about it being excellent. Loved it from the first time I heard it. Black Country is my favorite track. Glenn Hughes sounds better the most guys half his age in this genre. Just awesome!
B004QYZATW|4.0|I am not a big Angelina Jolie fan, but I do enjoy Johnny Depp.  Part of what makes Depp a great actor is his ability to play such a wide range of characters.  This particular time, he plays someone normal - and I liked it!  He plays a very convincing unassuming college math teacher which makes for great dynamics with Jolie's seductress image.  I will want to see it again...maybe even purchase the movie.
B00171LFFK|5.0|One of the best albums of all time and a remastered version as well.  Too bad that we have to for a japanese import for a good remaster.
B000SMWUPS|4.0|I have this on my BOB revolution and it works great. My friend has the BOB one and I like this one better. With that said, I would like it more if it was about 2 inches wider... there's a gap between it and the handlebars and that space would be good to have. But since this is an accessory for multiple strollers, I understand that it's not going to fit every one perfectly. I would definitely by it again.
B002ZG98FU|5.0|Becky Fuller is s news producer for a morning show in New Jersey until she gets fired.<br /><br />She works hard though and quickly gets a job in New York for IBS for their morning show. There is only one problem-even the person who hired Becky thinks that the show sucks.<br /><br />Becky has her hands full trying to bumpo up the ratings while dealing with several other issues.<br />The first issue is legendary news ancher Mike Pomroy, who feels that the show is not worthy of him because he's \\"wiped the brow of Mother Theresa during a collera epidemic\\" and won every Journalism award out there.<br />The second issue is that Mike and Colline his co-ancher do not get along which<br />The third issue is that she falls in love with a fellow employee at IBS-but being a workaholic puts a strain on their relationship.<br /><br />Overall a great, funny movie.
B002VPE1WK|5.0|I took a chance and purchased an Amazon Basics brand photo backpack for $35! Why would most spend at least THREE TIMES this! I wanted to get this bag for my gear to \\"live in\\" and for hiking. I will have a bag for going out where I will just take my needed gear vs carrying all of my stuff with me. Some photo packs are big, bulky, and heavy. One of the reasons I bought this bag, other than the price, was that it looked smaller. I'm 5'4\\" and about 125 lbs. The bag is not overwhelming for my frame.  I was concerned my camera may not fit because I have a battery/vertical grip on my Canon 60D which adds some height. This causes it to not fit in a lot of bags, so I go sans grip, which is sucky. Well even though the camera w/grip is a little taller than the height of the inside of the pack, the zipper does not struggle to close. I can't believe what a steal this thing was. I really am happy with this little bag. I have all this in the pack and have lots more room.  Gripped Canon 60D w/ 18-135mm mounted  Canon 50mm F1.8  Canon 60mm Macro f2.8  Canon 18-55mm  Canon 480 ex II flash  Omni bounce and pop up flash diffuser  hoods  manuals   2 remotes  large gittzo air blower  iPhone 4 with bumper or case will fit in side pocket.    I just got this today so I cannot rate durability.  Even with all my gear in this pack, it feels very light. The front zipper pocket will hold a 11\\" Macbook air. I would recommend having it in a sleeve for shock absorption. If you are on the fence with this bag...BUY IT!
1439102724|5.0|This is a very interesting book about love, family and religion told in turn by three very interesting characters Zoe, Max, and Vanessa.<br /><br />Zoe Baxter is a 40 year old who is a music theropist.She has been married to Max Baxter for 10 years. She always wanted a family, but she and Max have had a difficult time having babies. They had gone threw IVF several times. The last time there were several viable embryos. One was implanted into Zoe and the others were frozen for future use. Zoe got pregnant, but has a miscarriage. Shortly afterwards Zoe decides that she wants to try again, but Max tells he cant take it and leaves her.<br /><br />Max loved Zoe, but thought he could not take the heart break again. After the seperation he moves in with his brother and sister in law. During his marriage he did not see them too much because they were very religious and strongly involved in their church. During this time Max starts back to drinking and it shortly becomes a problem. His brother and sister in law try to help him by having him talk to their preacher, but he doesnt want to listen then.<br /><br />In the months following the seperation Zoe tries to get her life back together. She goes to a health club and starts swimming. There she meets Vanessa-a school psycologist who knew her and was actually there when ZOe miscarried. They soon become friends and then it turns into love.<br /><br />Vanessa knew that she was gay when she was in college-shortly after the murder of Matthew Sheaperd (a man who was murdered because he was gay.)  She had had relationships before, but because she knew Zoe's history did not think it would be a good idea to try to \\"covert\\" her. Once it was obvios though that this was not a fling with Zoe though she did not fight the relationship and wanted to tell people.<br /><br />Shorly after ZOe and Vanessa are in a relationship they run into Max, who has had quit a jolurney. One night he was drunk driving and thought he saw Zoe in the road and ran into a pole, breaking his leg. This sets him straight and during the healing he talks to his brothers preacher and becomes a member of their church and very religious. It comes as a shock to him that his ex-wife is now gay and decides to talk to his preacher about it. This leads him and another member of the church who was gay try to get Zoe to go back to a heterosexual lifestyle. THis only leads to Zoe and Vanessa getting very angry.<br /><br />Things really come to a head though when Zoe tells Max that she wants his permition to use the embryos to start a family with Vanessa. This does not sit well with Max who decides he wants them as well and will give them to his brother and sister in law.<br /><br />A lawyer gets involved and soon there is a court case to determine who will get the embryo's or as Max's lawyer calls them \\"pre born children.\\" The court case soon becomes less about the embryos and more about Max and his lawyers trying to take the embryos away from Zoe because of something they think is immoral, and think that Max's brother and his wife will give a baby a better Christian home than Zoe.<br /><br />All in all a great book. It is not often that one book can make me laugh cry and get angry and this book did all three. A very good read.ts him straight and during the healing he talks to his brothers preacher and becomes a member of their church and very religious. It comes as a shock to him that his ex-wife is now gay and decides to talk to his preacher about it. This leads him and another member of the church who was gay try to get Zoe to go back to a heterosexual lifestyle. THis only leads to Zoe and Vanessa getting very angry.    Things really come to a head though when Zoe tells Max that she wants his permition to use the embryos to start a family with Vanessa. This does not sit well with Max who decides he wants them as well and will give them to his brother and sister in law.     A lawyer gets involved and soon there is a court case to determine who will get the embryo's or as Max's lawyer calls them \\"pre born children.\\" The court case soon becomes less about the embryos and more about Max and his lawyers trying to take the embryos away from Zoe because of something they think is immoral, and think that Max's brother and his wife will give a baby a better Christian home than Zoe.      All in all a great book. It is not often that one book can make me laugh cry and get angry and this book did all three. A very good read.
1452101248|5.0|I LOVE this cookbook! The recipes are so so good and so varied. There are a lot of different food cultures included which really help to get a wide variety of dishes. The book itself is easy to use, broken down in a logical way, fantastic index. And if you are like me, I need pictures, the pictures are simply beautiful and rustic and mouthwatering. Other reviewers have complained about the availability of ingredients, but I found most of the recipes to include easy to find ingredients. I can't recommend this book highly enough!  Tip: preserved lemons are called for in several recipes and can be hard to find in the US. They can be made at home easily, google a recipe:)
B004L3AR0K|5.0|Everything went smooth and was as it stated it was suppose to be, I'm very satisfied and I would buy from them again!
B004SJ3BCI|3.0|i played this every day, got far &amp; love this game, but 1 day i logged in &amp; everything was refreshed as if i did nothing at all. :( The next day it, rio and other apps were gone and wont install again without getting -18 download error. so not happy
0316743003|5.0|I work in aerospace, and am not much of a reader, but my mother gave me the book. I hate reading, so I opened it to the middle to see if it could hold my interest...and it did!!! I had to stop myself and start at the beginning. This is engineering as it ought to be - the golden age of American Engineering, when building something was the goal, not meaningless charts and graphs! You don't need to be an engineer, but you will see why engineers love what they do. We have been circulating this book within our department, and everyone loves it.
B004FOA84A|3.0|Decent for a phone app puzzle game. If you are into puzzle games you might find it to be pleasant. Not particularly elaborate and a bit short. If you like myst you will like it.
B0047Y17P2|1.0|OK Amazon. Where's that Kindle revolution? Why is the Kindle edition more expensive than the hardcover? Please send me the dust jacket, some cardboard and a couple of hundred blank pages to make amends.  Only read chapter one so far. I'm sure it will live up to Connelly's standards.
B001EC3JME|4.0|I bought this for my Fenix TK30 which is only a 1\\" body. It is difficult to put in because of the additional ring on the body of the light. It's a very tight fit, but I'm sure it will stretch (break-in)and work great. Taking it out is much easier.    I seriously doubt that this thing could stretch enough to fit a D-sized light. At least not with any normal effort. My guess is that if one could get a light of this size into this thing, it would be a major task and not worth the trouble.    As to the quality, it seems to be very good. And I think the pivoting feature could certainly come in handy.
B0047Y17P2|1.0|I completely agree with the other 50 1 star reviews.  I love Michael Connelly's books and eagerly awaited this release.  If I have to pay as much or more for the hardcover, I should at least be able to lend it to friends as often as I wish, for as long as I wish.  I'll deal with the inconvenience of a trip to the library or to Costco in order to get this book. I fail to understand why this is not price fixing.  Keep commenting on this pricing fiasco.  Maybe it will make a difference.
B0030ZOYJ0|5.0|The original Neon Genesis Evangelion series was one of the first anime I ever watched, and it blew my mind! There isn't one dull moment throughout the entire series. The animation is amazing, the action is awesome, the characters are incredibly life-like, and the whole story is pervaded with mystery. Each episode left me wanting more.    Evangelion 1.11 You Are (Not) Alone is a retelling of the first six episodes of the original series, and everything has been improved on. The animation interwoven with CGI is spectacular. The action seems to move with a slightly quicker pace than in the original. The characters from the original are all so great that it's hard to imagine they could be improved, yet this film has succeeded in doing so to some extent. There were a few instances in the original series where characters did or said things that seemed to me to be slightly out of place or character, and it seems the creator of Evangelion, Hideaki Anno, shared this sentiment. In all these instances subtle changes have been made to harmonize the behavior of the characters. Though Evangelion 1.11 doesn't diverge that much from the original series, there are a few new mysterious and very crucial plot twists that promise to turn the world of the original series upside down and inside out in the following films.    All in all, Evangelion 1.11 You Are (Not) Alone is among the best anime ever produced. It's definitely worth checking out.
B0049P1VHS|3.0|I've been reading through the reviews and any time someone complains - and I'm about to - about how this series completely lured us in the first couple of episodes with a brilliant zombie setup, but then put the zombies on the back burner the rest of the short first season, anytime someone says this a response is often, \\"YOU DIDN'T READ THE COMICS!\\" Well, they call them \\"graphic novels\\" because they are adults and don't want to admit they read comic books but still... RIGHT I didn't. I am not reviewing the comics. I am reviewing the series presented here on DVD and the last few episodes were very good with character development, but you get that on other shows. This show is touted as \\"the first zombine show on television\\" and it should emphasize the zombies far more. I know, to keep our interest we have to get to know and love the non-zombie regulars but don't forsake the zombies for 4/5ths of most episodes to build that non-zombie character development. I'll give the first few a try when Season 2 starts but if it continues to be ONLY a human drama with a few zombies tossed in just to say it's a zombie show, I'll stop and I suspect others will too.
B000P0J0EW|5.0|Heartwarming story.  Incredible insights to how \\"systems\\" work and  how you need to handle yourself to be able to work within - and work the system.  Didn't know that I would like it when I first turned it on, but quickly wouldn't let anything interrupt my viewing.  Well worth seeing.
B004FRX0MY|5.0|I use this app every day to buy and play music.  the addition of cloud storage is awesome and allows for easy access to your music on your phone and any computer with a browser.
B004FRX0MY|5.0|The simple interface is amazingly easy to use while also being very robust on features.  This has quickly replaced all my other music apps for listening to my private collection.
B0044XV3R8|1.0|We were halfway through the movie, went to put in the 2nd disc, AND IT'S NOT THERE!!!  We are past the return date, so we are left with HALF of a movie.  Just wonderful (sarcastic)
B002Q63JEU|5.0|Brand New Eyes is Paramore's 3rd studio album, and their best. Any alternative rock fan will love this album. Lead singer Hayley Williams' incredible voice comes though with sheer passion and energy in each and every song. No song is uninteresting - each is unique and special. The lyrics are compelling and mesh with the music perfectly. Overall, Brand New Eyes is one of the best albums, not just by Paramore, but for this entire genre of music.
B000FC1AGG|5.0|There are not many books that I can say make me laugh so loud that causes people to look at me like I am crazy.  My husband could hear me laughing all the way across the house.  Funny looks at the bus stop to pick up kids.  I made everyone around me listen as I read out loud funny parts.  I am a quiet reader, I enjoy my books and read alot so this was unusual for me.  If you are looking for a fun read this is the book for you.  Not only did it give me many chuckles, my laughter caused the people around me to laugh.
B003EY7IRC|3.0|I got in late in reading the fever series and only had to wait a month for the final installment.  This month was excruciating.  I could not wait.  Absolutely loved every book in the series, the characters, everything.  This final book I preordered and waited not even with high hopes.  I just knew all the questions would be answered and the book is going to be awesome! Umm no.  When I was little I heard that an author I loved had passed away and her family hired someone to finish the rest of her unfinished stories.  These books were not the same.  I could tell it was a different author.  This is the feel of Shadowfever.  It felt like someone else wrote this final book.  The characters did not feel like my beloved characters, Jericho was an imposter to me in this book.  It seemed even with all the hype that this was the last in the series that the author was more interested in leaving unanswered questions to enable many different spin offs.  All said, I Love KMM's books and will gobble up any that she writes, but just do not understand how she could feel she was keeping true to the characters in writing this book.
0756404738|4.0|Kvothe's story-within-a-story, begun in The Name of the Wind, continues to delight. The tale itself is classic: poor but talented boy goes to magic school where he struggles with challenges both mundane and arcane. He usually succeeds but sometimes fails spectacularly, which we know from the first pages will be the story of his life. He finds love with a woman we can't quite approve of, has adventures, overcomes adversity. Classic.    There's nothing wrong with classic, but what makes these books worth reading is the craft of the author. His characters are enjoyable, the universe richly imagined. There's humor, imagery, and very nice writing that's definitely a cut above the usual fantasy fare. I look forward to more.
0316069353|1.0|I LOVE Michael Connelly's books...he is absolutely my favorite. But I cannot in good conscience buy this book for my Kindle when it is priced higher than the hardcover version. What's the point in having a Kindle, then? My husband felt the price was justified when he bought it for me for Christmas because I would then spend less money per book. This just saddens me. Guess I'll have to go to the library for this one.
B004J1DBJI|5.0|Thank you so much. I wanted this app so bad.this is the best math app ever. Good for hw class exam lol ... Ha bhaaaaah ha
0316056863|5.0|There is little that Tina Fey does that doesn't make me laugh out loud. This book is no exception. Her sense of humor is my sense of humor. Her style of writing is exactly like my style (if I had were a writer and had a style). I love her self-deprecating and honest assessment of herself. I'm sure if \\"I met her, I'd act weird around her.\\"
B001AQR3IU|5.0|This movie is yet another epic fantasy for all ages.  It is easily on par with titles like \\"The Princess Bride\\" and \\"Labyrinth\\".  A great story!
B004E2XAFW|5.0|the title of my review is very clear, it's simply the best! The Within Temptation Rock genre, sooo perfect! Rock On!!!
B001B7CNY2|4.0|This movie is well acted but it's pure fantasy and I don't that's a problem. to criticize a movie that's fantasy  is like saying 'run silent , run deep' is bad because it's fantasy too. This is just a war movie not claiming to be real history.<br />all the one star reviews should relize that and move on.  This flick is fun and well done effects wise and noone involved with this should be ashamed at all. The blu ray looks great too.
B0034G4ORM|5.0|This made Independence Day look like the Flintstones. I was so enthralled and entertained by thisI !<br /><br />Despite the fact that this had no a list stars, this movie was awesome upon awesome!<br /><br />  I want more alien movies like this.
B001EN71CW|5.0|I don't think the blu ray on this modern classic series is defective in picture. They didn't shoot this with hd film anyways. The show is as excellent as ever and worth adding to your collection.  The whole show is engaging and character driven and just plain good, although the westernized outfits seem strange even to me sometimes, however the outer planets are outposts and you'd make do with what you had.  Still some of the machinery on those planets is too primitive perhaps for some viewers , the whole show still hits a home run imo though. IT's just great.
B0019HQIFE|5.0|Wonderful songs, easy to listen to the whole dvd, it is lengthy, but even so, you don't want it to end. I will never say again that I do not like blues music.  I recommend this dvd to any fan of John Mayer.
B0047Y17P2|5.0|A great read.  Worth every cent I paid for it.  I think Michael Connelly is the best writer of popular fiction out there today.  If you don't want to pay then go to your library and get this book but It's unfair to give a great book a one star review just because you don't like the price.
B003Y5H50G|4.0|Techno-thriller in which Bradley Cooper plays Eddie Morra, a burnt-out writer whose life is at a dead-end: he has writers block so can't finish that book that should have been finished months ago, is behind on the rent and his girlfriend Lindy (played by Abbie Cornish) has dumped him. All of that changes after a chance encounter with his former brother-in-law Vernon Gant (played by Johnny Whitworth) who he hasn't seen in 9 years. His brother-in-law is a drug dealer and gives him a pill that enables one to access all of the mind's potential. The pill is an experimental drug called NZT-48. Whereas before you would only be using 10% of your brain now you would be using all of your brain. And this miracle drug changes Eddie's life, transforming him into a genius with hitherto unknown levels of motivation: in 4 days he finishes the book he has been trying to write for months, charms the landlord's wife so he doesn't get thrown out of his apartment (and sleeps with her), learns how to fight from recalling martial arts movies he saw on TV, lands a job as a stockbroker, gets back with his girlfriend, starts making new and wealthy friends, starts appreciating (and finding useful) mathematics, discovers he can quickly learn anything he puts his mind to and gains an appetite for culture. But all is dependent on the pill: when the effects of the pill wear off he goes back to being the old Eddie. Eddie has a stash of the NZT-48 pills because he retrieved them from Vernon's apartment after discovering that he had been murdered shortly after they met. But now the same people that killed his brother-in-law are after him because they want the drug. And NZT-48 has side-effects: Eddie has been having black-outs, spells of dizziness and even vomiting, perhaps because he has been taking too much of the drug. But Eddie is ambitious and wants to make his mark on the world. He cannot stop taking the drug. He wants to invest money but the banks won't lend so he borrows $100,000 from a Russian gangster / loan shark who threatens to `flay him alive' if he doesn't repay. When he meets with his ex-wife Melissa Gant (played by Anna Friel) who informs him that she used to also take NZT-48 and it nearly killed her, Eddie must decide: is risking his life worth becoming limitless? Furthermore an important business deal for business mogul Carl Van Loon (played by Robert De Niro) who he works for is in danger of going belly-up, and Eddie needs this deal to succeed if he is going to get to where he wants in life. And when the Russian gangster that lent him money comes to collect and gets Eddie's last NZT-48 pill off of him and takes it and becomes a genius himself, Eddie's life just might be forfeit because the gangster wants more of the drug and will kill Eddie if he doesn't get it. Will Eddie survive all of these challenges and achieve his goals? A most enjoyable way to pass a couple of hours. The film is not perfect however: for instance where the NZT-48 drug comes from is never explained, it doesn't make sense that Eddie is the ultimate genius but doesn't think to make sure that he pays back on time the loan he owes to a vicious loan shark / Russian gangster, we do not see how Eddie lands a stockbroker's job and hence ends up working for Robert De Niro's character Carl Van Loon and the ending of the film is a bit contrived. Nonetheless the film holds your attention throughout and has a most fascinating premise: what would you do if you were limitless? Recommended.an gangster / loan shark who threatens to `flay him alive' if he doesn't repay. When he meets with his ex-wife Melissa Gant (played by Anna Friel) who informs him that she used to also take NZT-48 and it nearly killed her, Eddie must decide: is risking his life worth becoming limitless? Furthermore an important business deal for business mogul Carl Van Loon (played by Robert De Niro) who he works for is in danger of going belly-up, and Eddie needs this deal to succeed if he is going to get to where he wants in life. And when the Russian gangster that lent him money comes to collect and gets Eddie's last NZT-48 pill off of him and takes it and becomes a genius himself, Eddie's life just might be forfeit because the gangster wants more of the drug and will kill Eddie if he doesn't get it. Will Eddie survive all of these challenges and achieve his goals? A most enjoyable way to pass a couple of hours. The film is not perfect however: for instance where the NZT-48 drug comes from is never explained, it doesn't make sense that Eddie is the ultimate genius but doesn't think to make sure that he pays back on time the loan he owes to a vicious loan shark / Russian gangster, we do not see how Eddie lands a stockbroker's job and hence ends up working for Robert De Niro's character Carl Van Loon and the ending of the film is a bit contrived. Nonetheless the film holds your attention throughout and has a most fascinating premise: what would you do if you were limitless? Recommended.
B004J1DBJI|4.0|This app is amazing if you ever need anything math solved.  It's functionality of being able to solve math problems is amazing.  This app has worked wonders for me with helping me, graph, foil, factor, square roots, and I believe I have only started to unlock all of the many features it has.  Don't get this app thinking it is going to tell you who won the Stanley cup, not it's design.  However if your needing a great math app this is your app.  The only reason I gave 4 out 5 stars is sometimes it has difficulties connecting to network but other than wonderful app.
B0042JTDXK|5.0|This is an unusual album for Josh, definitely his bast. So glad I have tickets to see him in August. He is showing more depth and maturity with each album.
0316069353|1.0|$15 FOR AN EBOOK ??????? COME ON GIVE ME A BREAK-------      The only reason they keep charging this ridiculous amounts of money is because we keep buying the ebooks, this has to stop.... PEOPLE DO NOT BUY THE EBOOK VERSION OF THIS BOOK UNTIL PUBLISHER AUTHOR AMAZON REDUCES THE PRICE TO A REASONABLE AMOUNT.
0783240287|5.0|I loved this version. Donny Osmond, Maria Fredrickson, and Richard Attenborough, round out a stellar cast. Lots of fun numbers and great production values.
B004J1DBJI|5.0|If you rate this app less than 5 stars, then you probably don't understand how to use it or what it does. Type in almost anything you want to know and BAM, there it is.
B0047Y17P2|1.0|overpriced ebook is beyond the metaphorical animal cruelty i refer to above; this is pure stupidity. so i buy kilobytes over the air, store them in a machine i had to pay good money for, save some canadian trees in the process, and my reward is to pay MORE money than if i buy a heavy carbon footprint book? where have you gone reason? is greed good if it greases greedy money grabbers gone gerflunkt? well, i'd rather hold my breath, and dollars, and happily sit here reading one of the million free classics and wait to see you blink. tolstoy, here i come.
0307593495|5.0|Henning Mankell is up to his old tricks.  Kurt Wallander is his usual self as he relentlessly pursues clues and intuitions to \\"solve\\" the case.  Characters from his past help him along the way to a solution, e.g., the fellow who just happens to know about poisons used by East Germany.  Despite the fact and joy of granddaughter Klara, Mankell is burning his Wallander bridges.  His former wife is left a prisoner to alcoholism.  His former lover, ravaged by cancer, gets herself killed in a car accident.  Wallander himself is becoming more and more forgetful, finally ending up with Alzheimer's.  Mankell makes it abundantly clear through this narrative that Wallander will never be back.  He's had a great run, and I've thoroughly enjoyed the Wallander series.    The publisher should have picked a different book designer, one who would not try to pack so many words into each page and forego page breaks for chapters.  So what if a new book design might have added some 30 pages to the book!  The comfort of readers and the beauty of a finely designed book should be considered as important as the bottom line.
B004BLTNJI|5.0|This movie was obviously designed as 3D, and would be the one movie I show anyone to demonstrate my 3D TV. Simple enough.
0525422943|5.0|When \\"Where She Went\\" was announced, I was a bit surprised because I felt that \\"If I Stay\\" ended perfectly. But when I found out that this time the story would be told through Adam's point of view, I was curious as to where the story would go.<br /><br />In \\"If I Stay\\", Mia's life is forever changed when a car crash claims the lives of her parents and younger brother, Teddy - leaving her clinging to life. She must make the decision as to whether she wants to leave or stay. Adam makes a plea for her to stay (\\"If you stay, I'll do whatever you want. I'll quit the band; go with you to New York. But if you need me to go away, I'll do that too. .. And that would suck, but I'll do it. I can lose you like that, if I don't lose you today. I'll let you go. If you stay.\\") and the story ends with Mia waking up.<br /><br />\\"Where She Went\\" is just as emotional as \\"If I Stay\\", and its just as beautifully written.<br />The story is told from Adam's point of view, the pain he experienced after everything that happened. We get to read about what happened when Mia woke up and we get to see where their lives are now (Adam, Mia, & Kim)- three years later. Avoiding spoilers as much as possible, I'll just say this: I could not put the book down, sneaking in whatever reading I could during work. It's an absolute must read and will no doubt be one of my top ten books from 2011.
0756404738|5.0|Writing a review for The Wise Man's Fear, Book Two of Patrick Rothfuss's Kingkiller Chronicle, is a difficult task for me. First, the book is 994 pages in length and covers so many plot-lines that it's hard to create a manageable review. Second, there was considerable hype leading up to the release of the book, hype that I well bought into and dabbled with. Third is the fact that this is the middle volume of a trilogy and the story, in the long run, is still unread. Finally, and probably most importantly, is my bias towards Rothfuss. If not for his genre-crushing, decade favorite Name of the Wind, I may have given up on fantasy a few years ago. Instead, the man pulled the wool from my eyes and revealed that a story is more important than magic and cliches. That said, this review is spoiler-free for Book 2, though it will contain spoilers from Book 1.<br /><br />-----<br />Review (No WMF Spoilers)<br />It's another day for Kvothe, his student/assistant Bast, and the acclaimed scribe Devan Lochees (aka the Chronicler) at the Waystone Inn. All more than a little burdened from the recent death of Shep and the unusual circumstances surrounding it, Kvothe is pressing on to tell the true story of the man behind the legends. Times are hard for Newarre and its poor farmers, but times are hard for everyone.<br /><br />Rothfuss wastes no time getting into the meat of the story. By Chapter Three, Kvothe is recalling the familiar story that began in Name of the Wind. In fact, if physical evidence didn't say otherwise, the transition between Book One and Book Two is flawless enough that it feels like I'm reading one book, carrying over the same tone and voice the first one did so well.<br /><br />If one considers The Wise Man's Fear on its own, problems arise. In its 994 pages a lot of stuff happens, and on the other hand, nothing happens. The reader gets plenty of insight to the Four Corners of Civilization, from language lessons in Ademre to lessons of the court in Severen, as well as more lore and history of all manner of folks between. There is enough world building that one would be tempted to say Rothfuss is wasting too much time with supplemental information, putting off the more important elements of the story. And, if one considers WMF on its own apart from the trilogy as a whole, I would agree.<br /><br />There is not enough action and the story is not tight enough for this book to fit the normal molds and expectations readers have. But, just as Rothfuss is not interested in telling a normal story with normal cliches, this book rises above the normal expectations. I cannot see how anyone can take a single volume of a story instead of the whole and weigh it and judge it, not fairly, but it happens. For myself, taking everything I learned in NotW and adding it to WMF, I see one beautiful tale, written in prose and verse sweet enough to charm anyone interested in a good story.<br /><br />And that's what Wise Man's Fear is. Better, even, than \\"good.\\" It's complex, elegant, hilarious, devastating, tense, dark, mysterious, and many more adjectives. It's not a book that stands on its own, but its the middle piece to a three-piece puzzle. The story is the most important thing, and Rothfuss is spinning a wonderful yarn.<br /><br />All of this is not to say that I didn't have problems with WMF. Do I feel like there was a lot of extraneous stuff? Maybe, but is that necessarily a bad thing? How often do we fall in love with things (book series, tv shows, video games, etc.) and wish we had more? We long for special features and extended scenes. Why else would there be a Saw VI and two video games to boot? Could plenty of this stuff have been edited out and the story still be the same? Yes. But did I enjoy it all? Absolutely.<br /><br />I'm willing to wade through lots of boring stuff if the story's good, and Rothfuss's extra scenes are not boring. In the end, what I can say about Wise Man's Fear is that its long, and if you get frustrated at astory that likes to simmer and slow-boil instead of splash out on the stove, then you may be irked, but you'll be entertained, as well. If you liked The Name of the Wind you'll like this book. I know I did.on the stove, then you may be irked, but you'll be entertained, as well. If you liked The Name of the Wind you'll like this book. I know I did.
B004J1DBJI|5.0|This is the best app ever.  Be it a complex mathematical equations or a random question about movies or places,  you will get the results within seconds.    Thanks for this application
031261246X|5.0|Mark Russinovich has done a great job of taking one of the biggest challenges of 21st Century and turning it into a techno-thriller.  Natural disasters, dirty bombs, suitcase nukes, and bio-agents all have the potential of causing terror, yet are only likely to affect a small fraction of the world's population.  But the reality Russinovich conveys is that the computer systems embedded in most every aspect of our lives are vulnerable to cyber-attack.  The capability to reach out and take control of these systems can be safely exercised from anywhere on the planet with devastating effect at the global scale.  Attackers don't need to pass through airport security.  And the programming work required to create attacks can apparently be outsourced!  Worried about social security going bankrupt?  Maybe we should be more worried that the electronic records representing the world's wealth could be suddenly wiped out along with all backup copies.    The last cyber-based novel I read was Digital Fortress -- and I found the many technical errors extremely distracting.  This wasn't a problem with Zero Day.  Russinovich clearly knows his stuff when it comes to computer technology, and brings a chilling element of realism while at the same time telling a compelling story.    There are a few places where the book is gimicky (maybe engineers shouldn't write sex scenes), and parts of the story followed the standard formula of the genre.  But most of Russinovich's characters are more intriguing and better developed than with many novice novelists.  He avoided making them caricatures, yet uses them to move the plot along at a rapid pace.    In Zero Day, we dodge a bullet.  I hope Russinovich follows up with a sequel that explains how we can all start to feel safe again, no longer living under the ominous cloud of vulnerability to cyber-attack he warns us about in this novel.
B002KSPKRS|5.0|Great item with easy setup. I play Left 4 Dead 1 & 2 on xbox which is in surround sound. Help ya figure out what direction thing are coming from. Just make sure that ya have the transmitter at least 5-6 feet away from your router or you'll have really loud annoying popping in your ears.
B0047Y17P2|3.0|So I swore I would never write a review about the price of a book - and I have not yet read this book - and yet here I am. STOP COMPLAINING! Seriously! I love how people are so upset about how unfairly they think customers are being treated. Amazon, the publishers, and the authors are there to make money. That is it! if they want to be nice they won't SELL A PRODUCT! If you don't like the price you have the option to express your opinion by not purchasing the product. Businesses are not stupid. If they are not selling their product they will review their practices. But here is the thing. People are still buying these e-books at stupid prices. Why? Because they don't really care if it is \\"Unfairly\\" priced. I mean really - no one bought a kindle so they could get cheaper books. As soon as they go to paperback the kindle price is more expensive. No, you buy the digital version because it is portable and you don't have a physical book you have to store when you are done.     You are paying for convenience and portability and the ability to get your book instantly. So please stop the complaining about the price and just review the book (I am a hypocrite I know!)! I want to know if this is an entertaining book. Will I enjoy the story, the mystery, the characters. How does it compare to his other novels. That is what I want to read about - not how unfair it is to sell this book at $12.99. BTW - this book is brand-freakin-new so there is no chance you could get this for much under $12 new. Stop whining and start reading.
B002ZG99QS|5.0|This is a review of the film as well as the 1 disc DVD. First and foremost, yes, the aspect ratio alternates in the film. For film purists everywhere this will likely be a distraction, but I dare say, only at first. I prefer the 2:35 scope like most but the switch to the other ratio is during segments which were \\"intended\\" to be a feast for the eyes. Most of the action sequences and crowded visuals are enlarged so the eyes can focus. I found the larger the action sequences were, the more focus I had. But again, that's just me.    The 2:35 holds for the majority of the film and some beautiful shots are framed this way (as you will see). Flynn's living quarters and the dinner sequence especially. The End of Line club segment holds the ratio and is quite powerful.    The movie itself will be up to you to judge. But simply stating, it is a metaphor for what happens if you decide to make everything perfect. There have been criticisms for underwritten scenes, lack of continuity, etc., but there is connection and everything makes sense in the end. Accepting the conclusion is an opinion you must make for yourself. TRON lovers know this but explaining it to young children may be difficult.    The visuals and music are a feast for the senses. DAFT PUNK's score is used well and is very impressive for a first time score. There are hints of Vangelis, Bernard Herrman, and others, yes, but the inspiration is used with care.    The film is explosive at times and it has moments of dialogue that stretch but this is for explanation of all the splendor. To simply say \\"that's the way it goes\\" just won't do. Fans of the original will get the \\"in\\" jokes and \\"winks\\" for the camera. Some may just be bored, and that's OK. Does that make it a bad film, I don't think so. Some of the visuals are done \\"BY HAND\\" and the costumes are wonderful. The CGI is at its' peak but some may scoff at the \\"younger\\" Jeff Bridges. To me, it was a way of using CGI to an advantage rather than just blowing thingsup.    The performances are good, especially by Michael Sheen as Castor. For the time he has on screen he steals the show. Bridges, who is getting his just desserts as an actor, delivers as always. Watch out for Olivia Wilde. I say give her 2-3 years and she'll be the toast of Hollywood.    So, obviously I loved the film. Blu-ray or DVD, the aspect changes, and I don't know what to think about the 3-D home version. I suggest you refer to one of the other reviews (which are well written). The idea has continued. Hopefully the idea will continue to expand and there will always be a TRON that we can escape to.    END OF LINE.
B003UESJHO|5.0|This is a very enjoyable movie, but in the beginning it almost needs subtitles. I could hardly understand them. but then I am Australian.
1401323820|5.0|The product arrived as it should and was a fun read. I wish someone has mentioned the actual author's name.  The book is hotter than the show, but not as much fun.
B000A2IPP0|5.0|One of the great alien movies! So glad to have it on DVD. Our tape was old and had been watched many times and enjoyed by the whole family. I like the family friendly movies there are so few of these days. And I like friendly aliens - enough of the scary ones!
B000E1MXSW|4.0|I hadn't seen this movie in a long time, and couldn't pass it up at the great price Amazon offered it. Audrey Hepburn did an excellent job in it. I remember the film was controversial with my Catholic friends, but I think the film is realistic.
B000002AGN|5.0|This is a classic. It's one of those albums that would probably make the cut in the \\"what music would I take if to a deserted island if I could only pick one\\" category. I used to own the LP version many years ago, but I lost it somewhere along the way. I'm glad I was able to get this version so that I can actually play it!
B004BLJQOK|5.0|I have to say that Let Me In worked on several different levels for me. It is mainly touted as a horror film about vampires but despite all of the necessary blood and gore it comes through as a very touching love story. It also well-captures the pains of growing up, facing bullying at school, loneliness, isolation and first love. The two young leads, Kodi Smit-McPhee as Owen and Chlo Grace Moretz as Abby are equally magnificent. It was interesting to note that Owen's mother was never actually shown except in very brief glimpses, ala the way the Peanuts cartoons used to depict adults. With the exceptions of a few other adults the children seemed to mostly carry the film. Let Me In is such a unique addition to the horror and vampire genres. It holds its own exceptionally well against the original Swedish version, Let the Right One In. The Americanization of the story only adds another dimension. The New Mexico filming locations also added much to the feel and the atmosphere of the story, making it feel cold, isolated and uninviting. Stephen King called it \\"the best American horror film for the last 20 years\\". It may not be the best but it certainly is one of them. I found myself pulling for Owen and Abby to be together and I loved the ending, although I would have liked for the story to go on longer. Some have said that maybe the whole story was just a dream or a daydream of Owen's to help him cope with his unhappy life. Interesting theory, but I would like to think that wasn't the case. Anyway, the film ends without any such idea being revealed and thankfully does not take the time and effort to explain anything further. The deleted scenes are very good and they actually reveal more about the story. All of the other extras are also excellent and above average. Well done Hammer Films.
B0019EXZY4|5.0|As the owner of Hadtofindmusicandmovies.com I get to see a lot of movies. The Bank Job is way above the usually heist movie. While it is indeed a Bank Robbery so much more is going on. I won't spoil it for anyone so you can enjoy it unfolding. The fact that it is based on a true incident in history puts it way over the top because if it were pure fiction you would maybe say
B004TP6O8O|1.0|Now I have been listening to young Khalifa since say yeah and flight school dropped which is not too long ago.  And after listening to those i decided to peep is older stuff and was impressed and shortly after began following Wiz. Lyrically he is not the best but his songs and beats always got stuck in my head.      Rolling papers is a major disappointment in my opinion.  I cant even listen to most of the songs on the album.  The only songs i can listen to are On My Level(c'mon, Too Short?) and The Race. Right when i heard the track Roll Up a couple weeks before the release i knew the album was going to be week.  It is just way to poppy and soft and Wiz sings more than he spits. This album aint taylor gang at all. I hate when record companies ruin artists by releasing trash like this.  Im still a fan of Wiz, but this album will not be in my itunes. Im hoping he doesnt perform this garbage next week at his show.
0312360266|3.0|In this alternate world novel, vampires have always existed amongst the human population, but are not completely accepted by humans, despite many of them being the most successful actors and singers in the world.  When human teenager Zoey is marked to become a vampire, she must leave her friends and family and attend school at the House of Night and survive the four years required for the change to take place completely.  At the House of Night, Zoey will learn many things about herself, friendships, and good and evil.    I can't say that I loved or hated this book.  It had cute moments, but the pop culture references that I found amusing at the beginning of the book were grating on me by the end.  Zoey herself is a bit too much....beautiful Cherokee features, magical grandmother, instantly attracts the best looking, most popular boy anywhere she goes, and on top of all that has the most special gifts ever seen in a vampire fledgling.  Her cat, on the other hand, is great!  I will likely on on to read the rest of the series, as the premise is interesting, but I hope Zoey becomes a more complex character.  Also, note that this book contains sexual content that parents may not want their younger teenagers reading.
B0018087TC|5.0|This is a great CD, the playing is excellent throughout. Chet was in top form and this has been in my car CD player now for close to two months. Chet's playing draws the listener in, he takes a simple line and expands on it always making the result sound warm and lyrical, sometimes even exhilarating, Chet was an underrated (by many critics) master musician. He was almost always playing off the top of his head and making it sound pretty rather than seeming overly complicated although he could hold his own with the technical boys.
B002EWD0I6|5.0|My husband and I both enjoyed this series.  Would highly recommend it.  In fact, we bought Seasons 2, 3 AND 4.
B004J1DBJI|4.0|At first I was like meh, but then I found a use for it the same day. How many cups in a quart? It knew. Maybe I will use this more than I thought.<br /><br />Update 8/27/11: So I lied. I really haven't found much use of this and have since uninstalled it.
B00068TJM6|5.0|I received this watch for my birthday from my girlfriend after telling her that I was looking and researching for a breitling and found this. I did most of my research on amazon and read the customer reviews. People said it was good and I was not disappointed! I could not be happier with a watch. It looks expensive with a good weight to it. I wear it everyday for business or pleasure. If you are looking for a great looking watch with multifunction but not wanting to spend 5k this can not be beat!
B003L77GW4|5.0|SGU is different from SG:1 & SG:A, but in a GOOD way. SGU is is still very much so \\"Stargate\\", but the tone is just a bit more serious, and it is far less \\"campy\\" than both SG:1 & SG:A. As much as I love SG:1 & SG:A, SGU has the potential to blow its predecessors out of the water with emphasis on character developement as well as the unexplored canon of the Ancients. SGU season 1 may have been a bit of a \\"slow start\\" but it was still very well written as a \\"build up\\" season. Season 2 ramps up the action & exploration that we are more familiar with. Both seasons contain cameos from earlier Stargate SG:1 &/or SG:A series along with nods & acknowledgement to people, places & events from those series, which is GREAT to see... Oh, and the visual effects are nothing short of mind blowing (we are talking blockbuster theatrical quality here). TRUE Stargate fans should enjoy this amazing program. =)
B002ZG99TK|3.0|Worth a watch with some good action.Denzel Washington gives the same wooden performance as he has done in most of his last few movies.Seems to be going through the motions.
B001684L0A|5.0|Great Movie Series.  Very educational too.  Use caution, it is Rated TV-MA. Very graphic historical references.  Loved It.
B004E547D8|2.0|Could have been good as the script was reasonable.The Director could'nt seem to make up his mind if it should be a comedy or a thriller and ended up being neither.Bruce Willis needs a hit movie soon or his star will be waning.
B000A2W8RG|1.0|Dvd came very scratch...had to send it back!!!!!
1584282584|5.0|An excellent book on On-camera flash -  full of techniques and tips to get a very natural looking photo without harsh 'flash looks'.  Looking forward to putting what I have read into practice.
B0002VFXFE|5.0|Because it is the best.  And when what you are working on costs hundreds to possibly thousands of dollars, why try to save a couple of bucks?  It is like trying to save a buck on dessert after doling out $100 for dinner at a restaurant.  Well, not quite, but you get the idea.<br /><br />Now, what are you planning on using this for?  I bet I know.  It is the only reason most individual consumers ever would buy it.  I bet you have a bad PS3 or some other component you need to fix on the cheap.  This isn't the time to save the money.  It is the labor you will have to put into the job and the cost of the component that are important.<br /><br />I have used Arctic Silver, ceramics and cheaper products for what you are likely planning on using this for on numerous components.  This works almost every time.  I found the others to be very inconsistent.<br /><br />If all you want to do is keep a component such as a graphics processor a bit cooler and all is fine with your component, great, use whatever you want.  Likely won't make much difference.  But if you are planning on using heat to fix a problem, this is the ONLY product you should consider.
B003UESJHY|5.0|One of the best movies I've seen in a long time - outstanding job of portraying the two brothers - Wahlberg and Bale were great and I liked the little clip included during the credits(at end of movie)of the real brothers - you could see for yourself what a good job they did in capturing the brother's essence. The story was heart-felt and moved along well, never boring.
0316069353|1.0|Sure my daughter bought me a kindle and it works okay...for travel..Otherwise it sits in the drawer..no way am I paying the rip off prices..for  trying to read a book on a small screen, its like watching Black and white TV on your Ipod and paying high prices to do it..
B004J1DBJI|5.0|To the people complaining that they can't find stuff with this app, it is NOT a search engine like google and can't really be used as one. This is an app for people that want to know stuff, not for people looking for Justin Bieber gossip.
0345522478|4.0|I remember being skeptical when I picked up \\"Hounded\\". I didn't remain that way for too long. Hearne gets major kudos for doing something that most of the urban fantasy genre misses- he takes a powerful character, inserts reasonable limits to that power, and then throws something strong enough at the character to cause actual danger and a sense of tension. And then there is an Irish Wolfhound that would very much like to be Genghis Khan. Instead of being horrifyingly corny it was almost...endearing. Atticus, the owner of said Wolfhound also maintains werewolves and an ancient vampire as his legal counsel. The usual urban fantasy tropes have been jiggled around a bit and the new arrangement keeps them interesting to an avid reader of the genre.<br /><br />\\"Hounded\\" is rotten with gods. The Morrigan has a sketchy deal with our protagonist, who happens to have stolen a sword that Aenghus Og is determined to get back. Atticus, a very old druid with the Old World powers that station grant him, makes a fitting opponent for divine familial squabbling and territorial disputes. He is not as overpowered as the back of the book makes him sound- druids are limited to their contact with the earth so to use the bulk of his powers he needs to hunt down patches of earth in this modern world and press skin against it. Not as easy as it may sound when the bad guys rarely think to attack someplace convenient like the city park.<br /><br />There is a wonderfully skewed bit of divine politicking that makes the whole book tick, and I found myself turning pages with delighted haste, determined to find out what happens next.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|I'm just adding my support to get the actual Original Trilogy on blu-ray.  I will not be buying the blu-ray until I can see an unaltered Trilogy on Blu-Ray.
B001TWT0A4|5.0|This is a wonderful movie. It is easily in the top 10 westerns ever made. They will never make movies like this again. I have seen it more than a dozen times over the years and love it every time. The extra's with this disc make it even better. I recommend all Howard Hawks movies especially with John Wayne.
B0044KJIHI|5.0|I'm not someone that knows the Superman mythos.  I'm not familiar with all the DC Comics characters.  I did watch a couple of the Christopher Reeve Superman movies as a child and so I know the basics of Clark Kent, Lois Lane and Lex Luthor, but other than that...I know nothing.  And I'm glad because I think this is what makes it easier for me to enjoy ALL of Smallville.  I had no expectations and thus I was not disappointed in the overall story of Smallville. The story that I was always interested in was, of course, Clark Kent.  Let's face it...this story is about him and how he deals with life and with his destiny.  That's it...and to see him struggle with it all was refreshing to see, at least to me.  He wasn't this perfect being that knew where his place in \\"history\\" was...he had to figure it out which is where all the drama of Smallville began...Clark \\"dealing\\" with life...which included over protective parents, a first love (Lana Lang) who could never quite trust him, a friend (Lex Luthor) that became a life long enemy, a sidekick (Chloe) that was the best friend he could have ever had but who also lost a little bit of faith in him, a fellow superhero (Oliver Queen aka Green Arrow) that tested his morality and always fell short, and last but not least...my favorite...Lois Lane...the unlikeliest person for him to fall in love with but who believed in him...or in Smallville storyland...the Blur...more than anyone else did...even Chloe.  That's why in this Smallville version, Clark tells Lois...you were always the one that I needed.  Her complete trust in what he represented is what he needed in this story to meet his destiny.  This may not be IAW the Superman mythos, but it's darn good storytelling and I have loved every minute of it.  I will be sad to see the series end because I could watch Lois and Clark played by Erica Durance and Tom Welling, banter back and forth and save the world for many, many more years to come.  There are few series in TV land today that match the storytelling of this series.  Thank you Smallville for some many great stories that I will continue to watch over and over again.
B0000025D0|5.0|Darkness comprises the top 10 songs from Bruce Springsteen's highly prolific three year gap following Born To Run. It is a dark album, showing that Mr. Springsteen's priority was all about the music, and not just riding the successful coattails of Born To Run. To stay within the theme of what Springsteen was trying to convey, he gave away two additional, more upbeat songs that became huge hits for others, giving \\"Fire\\" to The Pointer Sisters and \\"Because The Night\\" to Patti Smith.     It's a solid effort from start to finish, kicking off with the majestic \\"Badlands\\", one of Springsteen's finest guitar moments with \\"Adam Raised A Cain\\", my personal favorite \\"Racing In The Street\\", and the heartfelt story about the dire life of holding a dead-end job with \\"Factory\\". I love when Springsteen plays the part of a narrator as he's done earlier in his career with \\"Rosalita\\" and \\"Thunder Road\\" and he delivers that same structure here with \\"Prove It All Night\\". The title track finishes what was probably the most iconic album of the late 70's.
0316056863|2.0|Unfortunately if it has the \\"F BOMB\\" within the first 8 pages and it is her saying it as a 5 year old I guess I won't read this book.  Sad too, because I really wanted to.  Bad language never wins me over.
0340733748|5.0|Stated plainly.this is the greatest spy or espionage novel ever written. But more than this, it is a great novel by any measure. Its themes are universal, its characters indelibly drawn, its literary style unique and alluring.    Loyalty and betrayal, not only to and of one's country but also one's wife and lover, friends and work colleagues -- and in the end, oneself. Does ideology trump personal love? Is loyalty to a cause greater than loyalty to one's country. To what ends is sacrifice justified?    These are the human issues Le Carre struggles with in this intricately plotted, deeply felt story, with a crushing denoument where there is no winner or loser -- only an ending.    This is a novel to be re-read every few years, in which each reading gives new insights into the human condition.
B004FOA84A|4.0|I am new to the Droid world, but, sadly, old to the gaming world on computers and devices.  This game is a fun little adventure with some interesting puzzles that you'll enjoy.  If your hard-core you'll have the mystery solved in less than 30 minutes.  However, if you've got a 5 or 7 year old geek at home who can't keep his/her sticky little hands away from your phone if given a chance, then you've just bought yourself a quiet-child-in-the-corner-during-an-emergency-meeting moment.  My kids both loved this game and have solved it over and over.  I would definitely pay $2 for 15 minutes of quiet, and I suspect, so might my husband...
B004MOMT2M|4.0|First off, the surround mix available to standard DVD players is Dolby Digital only, there is not a DTS option, as stated in Amazon's product description.  This was disappointing to me because DTS, while not having nearly the audio fidelity of DVD-Audio, is a significant step up from Dolby.   Having said that, what's here is pretty hard to argue with.  This is RUSH in high fidelity - as it was meant to be listened to.  Another review mentioned the surround mix is mostly subtle, I can confirm that, the rear channels are not heavily used.  But the Clarity!  I've never heard Neal Peart's playing sound so precise and have so much bass.  I imagine that the Blu-ray, with it's DTS-HD master audio track, will sound even better--that's why, even with this being as good as it is,  I'd recommend waiting for that (if you have the setup), to experience this album in the maximum quality it is available in.
B000002MU3|3.0|My product was a CD sent by mail and was supposed to be sent in bubble-wrap.  If it had been in wrap there would have been little or no problems.  However the casing was cracked and the internal brace was broken to pieces.  I was horrified and only give this a good review because technically the CD was in perfect shape.  You can guess the problem, no bubble wrap. None, not even a little. I just can't store it.  Anyway, I won't buy from them again.  The whole thing is there are answers people, they are called bubble-envelopes, if you are in the business, use them.
B002HWRYJE|5.0|It is a truly remarkable movie that will keep you on a roller coaster ride.    Movie is always interesting and makes you feel for characters.  Capt Kirk was the man when he was younger.  Spock has become a lady's man and moves past just being a Vulcan.    Must see movie for any fan of sci-fi movies.    [[ASIN:145160615X Star Trek: The Next Generation: Indistinguishable from Magic]]  [[ASIN:0810991721 Star Trek: The Original Series 365]]
B001TH16DI|4.0|I am an avid lover of Star Trek, and watch it at every opportunity.  I was excited to see that Trek was finally coming to Blu-Ray only to be disappointed.  These films are not the extended release versions that I have come to love.  Other than that, this is a great purchase.  The remastering of the movies are breathtaking and you never know what you will see.    For a little fun, fire up the Wrath of Khan and turn it to the part where the turbolift scene occurs (the one where McCoy complains about the hold up).  There is a huge handprint from someone leaning up against the wall.  Never thought I would catch that detail.
1594202842|5.0|After reading several editorial reviews, I expected this book to be much different. As I have four children that are about the same age as the author's, I found myself looking forward to finding a moment to pick it up -- and many of her thoughts brutally honest/enlightening. It reads very quickly and I highly recommend her story!
B000002I7H|5.0|This is the CD that has the music for which Albert King is best known.  Great choice if all you want is one Albert King CD with the music for which he's known and that you're most likely to know.
B003PIUBZS|1.0|I gave this item a rating of a 1 because the second disc, the 6th and 7th episodes did not play all the way through, the 6th started a 30 mins into it, and the 7th played about 30 mins then stopped.
B004G5ZXVQ|5.0|This Brand New CD, Collapse Into Now by R.E.M. is definately growing on me. Personally An Avid Fan, I needed to listen to the songs more than once before forming an opinion. I would recommend buying it.  Sincerely, Pam Wieten
B004J1DBJI|1.0|After I press go it always force closes. No way to understand why this happens but it does after it goes computing on screen. HTC Thunderbolt
B00122EX4Y|5.0|There isn't a dog on this album but my favorite is \\"Love and Happiness\\". The combination of Mark and Emmy Lou is a winner. Highly recommend.
B003F3NDWG|4.0|I started watching Castle because I'm a huge Nathan Fillon fan, but I've really enjoyed the series.  I've fallen in love with the characters, which is a rare thing for me and TV shows.  The episodes are fun.  I appreciate the occasional veiled Firefly reference, too.
B000FC10MU|5.0|The story of American Gods is a story about the struggle to stay relevant and avoid fading away. The best part of the novel is the wonderful imagery that Gaiman creates throughout the story. There are plenty of mystical and interesting settings with a plethora of mystical figures throughout the novel, and consistently Gaiman narrates the reader through these sections with vivid and interesting detail that immerses the reader in his world.<br /><br />Perhaps the most interesting aspect of the story is how relatable it is. The novel portrays the gods as much more \\"human\\" than they are usually considered and shows them from different and more relatable perspective. At times, even with the all of the mystical elements in the story, it feels fairly grounded and almost real. Especially the relatable feeling of fighting to have a purpose and feel special.
1591843790|5.0|This book is excellent, especially for people who would like to understand the nuance of influence, using persuasion, and social media.  Guy does an excellent job of scouring the relevant psychology research, and building off it, without harping on it, but rather building off it with interesting stories and tips.<br /><br />I found this book especially useful for building networks and ecosystems via twitter and facebook, which is becoming increasingly critical. Topics include:<br /><br />- building trust<br />- the importance of goodwill<br />- framing messages<br />- creating scarcity<br />- packaging yourself and presentations<br />- learning from everyone<br />- lots of topics around influence<br /><br />I could go on; every few pages are dog-eared.<br /><br />But, the summary is, this book is built on insightful experiences (such as Guy's time at Apple), solid research, and memorable stories. It is a book that stands above the many others I receive on a regular basis for its quality.
B004BLJQOK|5.0|Many movies are slow in getting developed. \\"Let Me In\\" is no exception. However, that is what is so good about it! Never have I been glued to a screen when not much is happening as I was here.<br /><br />The direction and cinematrography were exceptional. The snowy backdrop to the fiery story was a constrast for the induction of perfection. And in that snowy world we find a pre-teen love story between a boy and a girl vampire made all the more passionate by the seclusion and implied desolation of those surroundings. It was clear that Writer/Directior Matt Reeves' (Cloverfield) heart was in it from the word 'Go'.<br /><br />Casting and acting couldn't have been better either. The two pre-teen leads, Owen (Kodi Smit-McPhee) of \\"The Road\\" and Abby (Chloe Grace Moretz) of \\"Kick-Ass\\" were outstanding. Love between children of 12 years of age usually seems out of place and awkward, not so here. You could feel the passion they had for one another, and you could fully understand the disappointment Abby felt in her inability to be a girl with a boyfriend leading the normal life of a child.<br /><br />The entirety of \\"Let Me In\\" was shrouded in sadness, but that was okay. It was tolerable and needed. There were references to Romeo & Juliet, and that, I'm sure was to imbue the understanding of the sadness in that story in parallel to this one. And there WERE parallels, yes, but nothing that would make it a vampiric remake of R & J in the least.<br /><br />Overall, I was thoroughly surprised and enlightened by \\"Let Me In.\\" Most definitely re-watchable! Five Stars *****
B0047Y17P2|1.0|I've owned every kindle that has come out because I love the e-book model, but charging more than the hardback is absolutely asinine.  Harris County Public Library, here I come.
B004J1DBJI|5.0|Can tell you almost anything about almost everything, so much more than just an advanced calculator! Probably the best free app from Amazon to date, and totally worth the two bucks if you miss it while it's free.
B004L49K20|5.0|I love the way these guys can change their style on every CD. I personally don't find it as good as the last one \\"Red Carpet Massacre\\", but it's one of the better ones. I have all their work and was pleased to see a rerelease of some classics remastered and with additonal songs. Big Thing was my favourite with Notorious. Apart from Medassaland and Pop Trash (which were more or less trash), they're all somewhere from good to great. Enjoy!
B004J1DBJI|5.0|very useful in classrooms and for double checking homework. I love it. I love it. i love it. I love it. I love it. I love it.
0393338827|4.0|Michael Lewis has turned in one of his usual great performances in The Big Short. It's well-written, easy to read, and character-driven like some of his previous books (Moneyball, The Blind Side). Lewis tells the story of the mortgage  collapse through the (sometimes connected, often not) stories of three people who saw the crash coming early enough to literally bet on it happening. But when it comes to drawing conclusions about the causes of the crisis, it's difficult to accept Lewis's unvarnished (and justified) criticisms of Wall Street. He doesn't address the legal and regulatory framework within which the dangerous financial practices he criticizes made sense. I came away from the book thinking that either everyone involved in the mortgage market must either be stupid, or cruelly shrewd, and the crisis was the collapse of the Ponzi scheme created by the shrewd players (read: big Wall Street investment bankers) to take advantage of the stupid players for their own short term gain (read: fund managers, homeowners who couldn't afford their mortgages, and the institutions that insured the crazy loans those people took out to buy the houses they otherwise couldn't afford, the ratings companies that were tricked into calling those loans \\"safe\\" investments). I came away wondering whether the market is so truly full of dummies, or if their choices actually make sense in light of regulatory manipulations like the Community Reinvestment Act, for example.     Even if he's missing part of the story, though, Lewis is a master at explaining how markets work, portraying entrepreneurial thinking, and showing how incentives lead to (sometimes perverse) market outcomes.
0670022411|5.0|I am totally captivated by this book. I am a vampire addict, many years before they were ever sparkly. Yes, a trilogy and I'll be on pins and needles waiting for the next one. It's well written; it has enough \\"mush\\" for the romantic in me, and the history part is unbelievably well-researched. I can't put it down.     Dear Ms. Harkness, I LOVE the allusion to my favorite blonde vamp in N.O.. Keep up the fabulous writing.
B004IFYN2E|2.0|Well, Venice is gorgeous here, as ever and always. But the film has in general a predictable, seen-it-before feel (the big surprise ending was obvious 15 minutes in), and talk about mailed-in performances; Depp looks like he wants to be anywhere but with Jolie in most of their scenes. Watch his eyes during their kisses: I'd swear he looks more than a little hammered, as if he had to quaff three or six before going near Jolie. Their chemistry, such as it isn't, is much like the rest of this movie, lackluster at best.<br /><br />It all looks good on blu-ray, but even Venice sometimes looks a little staged, and you can almost feel all the extras trying not to look at the camera. All the ingredients are here but The Tourist is both half-baked and overdone while trying to be every sort of film and being none very successfully. Except fluff. But even then, Jolie's wooden presence and increasingly alienoid look make everything that much more plastic, and Depp seems to have decided early on in the shoot to just take the money and sleepwalk through.<br /><br />All in all, worth watching for the Venice eye candy, but that's about it.
B00000G5WJ|5.0|I love this CD.  It brought back so many memories.  I loved the show when I was a teen and this was the CD that reminded me of it all.  The songs are so uplifting and inspiring.  I couldn't help but dance and sing along.  My kids even love it.  I wish todays music would be as inspiring as this CD is, it is all about being everything you can be, working hard and loving every thing about life.  I love it.  *****
B004G600A4|5.0|My 5 yr old loves this movie! It's one of the few movies she can watch over and over. And the frying pans get me EVERY TIME!!!!
0792839749|5.0|I recieved the DVD in a decent time period and it was in beautiful condition. I am very happy with my perchase.   Deena
1936594390|3.0|THE PICTURE OF DORIAN GRAY is a very dark tale of vanity, debauchery, drug use, murder and depression. When a nave and stunningly handsome young man unknowingly trades soul for eternal youth and beauty with a wish caught by the devils ear, he inevitably finds that physical perfection, charm and pleasures of the flesh are worth not at the cost of ones soul.<br /><br />Is this classic an enjoyable read?... that's a tough one to answer for such a ominous story , but I will say it's an interesting one that holds some entertaining characters and introduces many thought provoking ideas.  Obviously THE PICTURE OF DORIAN GRAY is far from the best piece of literature I've ever experienced, but for me it was worth the short time it took to read, if for nothing else but for the appreciation of Oscar Wilde's famed wit.
159562015X|5.0|Insightful, revealing, practical, easy to read. Buy a copy for your staff and family and take some time to discuss it.
B004GJDQT8|5.0|This app is great.  I do all of my amazon shopping through it.  the only downside is that there's no native access to the Gold Box hourly deals, but that's no reason to dock a star.  Great app!
B001RCD2DW|5.0|I just got my new 702's in and I feel like with time these will become my new favorite cans. I have listened to the likes of Grado, Senns, Denon, and Ultrasones. I think all of those products are unique in their own way, but in comparison to Grado HF-1's directly (The most recent pair of headphones I have listened to from another brand.) Grado headphones have quite a bit more bass punch, but lack accuracy and tend to sweeten the sound a bit. Nothing wrong with that, and if you expect these phones to shake your head, or mellow the tone down you have the wrong headphones. Right now my phones are breaking in and I am checking in on them every few hours I have to give my amp a break every 3 hours or so. I can tell with time these will really round out.     My setup consists of a little dot mkII tube amp driven by my pc with an X-fi titanium HD. Not the craziest setup ever, but gives these current hungry phones something to drive them. If you plan on slapping this on your iPod and plan on being blown away, more expect to keep that amp and max, wear down your battery and get an experience that doesn't do these things justice at all.     As for the comfort, people keep saying those nubs on the top could break the experience a bit. First impression is my head doesn't sit on the strap at all, I can place my finger between the band and my head, also I have really thick hair so take my advice with a grain of salt I have a tough head. I bet once the leather wears in a bit it wouldn't matter anyhow.    There are a lot of choices out there, these are not everybody's cup of tea. If you like clean accurate sound, flat tuning, and have a high current setup ready for these things, this is for you.
B004GHYCKW|4.0|I put \\"Written on the Forehead\\" on a mix CD as track 1 not too long ago and probably got some questions about there being a PJ Harvey track on a mix I made in 2011. Honestly, it's the best song I have heard in a long time. Now that I've gotten to hear the whole album, I'm really, really impressed (and this is coming from a fan who bought To Bring You My Love when it was still relatively new--still one of my favorite albums ever).   I agree with the sweep of reviews here... Uh Huh Her is her/their weakest album. White Chalk is interesting and pretty but not something I'm ever in a hurry to listen to. I've had Let England Shake on my phone/mp3 player for about a month. I keep it on full random on purpose and I can tell I've found a solid album when I regularly take random off after hearing one track come on. It's been rare that this happens. Deerhunter's Halcyon Digest, Big Boi's Sir Lucius Left Foot..., Matthew Dear's Black City, Animal Collective's Merriwether Post Pavilion and Joanna Newsom's Ys are the only other ones I can think of this happening with in the past few years.   This album is amazing. I think she can get a little dour and she/they definitely aren't for everyone, but I think it's funny that there's only one song on this album I don't like. The problem with that, though, is that the song's chorus is probably my favorite part of the album as a whole. (\\"All and Everyone\\")  If you're a fan, hear it. If not, this probably won't convince you--get To Bring You My Love.   Favorite album of the year so far. Glad you're back, Polly. Well-deserving of the Mercury Prize.
B004J1DBJI|5.0|This app does everything you could ask for.it can do calculus, it gives you info on famous people, look up scientific elements, nutritional facts on foods, and name brands.get it, its free today april 7
B002ODEJYE|5.0|This concert is really like no other concert. The creativity, fun, scenario, dances, everything is amazing. Pink was for me a good artist, but after seeing this she is an entertainer like very very few....she kept singing like nothing was happening WHILE she was doing acrobatics!  Concert AAA++++++++++++  Pink AAA+++++++++++++    Recomend this concert 100%
159420229X|5.0|I'm only about half way through the book, and am really enjoying it. It's well written and full of helpful tips and intersting stories. So far, so good!
B003JYOFIW|4.0|ok... there's a bazillion reviews for this already, so mine doesn't really matter, but writing something is \\"what I must do\\" (hopefully any Devo-minion will recognize this title from \\"oh, no! It's Devo\\" (or however it is punctuated)... that same educated listener will recognize the similarity of this track with \\"what we do\\" on SfE (something for everybody).  Listening to both tracks on preview will also help in answering the question of \\"how good is this album?\\"... do it now while you read my review...<br /><br />In a pointless effort to impress others with my unique insight, I'll claim geographical first hand knowledge since I grew up in the Cleveland/Akron area in the late 70s and early 80s - and you'd have to have been living under a rock not to have known Devo.  If you think that gives my music review value, more power to you.<br /><br />Showing my stripes and leanings (here we go... I'm sure some Devo-minions are going to claim heresy), my favorite Devo albums are \\"Freedom of Choice\\" and \\"Duty Now for the Future\\" - simply for the sheer number of songs on those albums that I like.  Oddly  - SfE fits comfortably with them.  It isn't *quite* at the same level as those two, but rises closer than *any* others. yes, that just my opinion. I recognize that yours may differ and I won't try to flog you into believing otherwise.<br /><br />there are various things i don't like about SfE(hence 4 stars, not 5) but perfect scoring any Devo album is rough to do(sigh... yes, I know \\"heresy!\\" again - just let me explain...) - and btw, Freedom would get 5 stars from me.  Devo isn't meant to be flawless - the albums deliver a tonal message/emotion.  Some songs may not click... On the other hand, other songs are epic standouts.  this is 4 stars on a Devo-base scale.<br /><br />i haven't really said anything about SfE yet, eh? hmmm. good point. Negative stuff first: the songs are very similar to one another - they all have a distinctive \\"Devo\\" tone to them ... you'd recognize any of them as Devo even in a \\"blind test\\".  They sound a bit compressed (monolithic volume level, few \\"quieter\\" sections). The track \\"signal ready\\" is lame. Good stuff: wow - did you compare those two songs I mentioned? lots of musical maturity, development and polish in this new album - extraordinarily well executed.<br /><br />The first listening may not be a out-of-the-ballpark hit - but this album grows on you.nd test\\".  They sound a bit compressed (monolithic volume level, few \\"quieter\\" sections). The track \\"signal ready\\" is lame. Good stuff: wow - did you compare those two songs I mentioned? lots of musical maturity, development and polish in this new album - extraordinarily well executed.    The first listening may not be a out-of-the-ballpark hit - but this album grows on you.
B004J1DBJI|5.0|gives you what you want and much more.  Have to give credit to amazon for providing this to us as I would buy it for tougher questions that would take me much more time using another search. Custom keyboard and app work great for the sgs vibrant.
B004FRX0MY|5.0|personally im not having any problems on my Evo. the app is clean and easy to use, i can listen to songs on my phone or in the cloud with no problems. i like that it allows me to download any of my stored musuc onto my phone very easily.
B004GYY714|4.0|This is one of my favorite apps. Absolutely love it. Now we just need a widget and a way to integrate it with local media and Amazon Music Cloud services.
1558908382|4.0|The dark satiric elements of this film are terrific - equating the<br />moral emptiness of a hit man's career with the moral emptiness of<br />modern America is spot on. And the guts to make a comedy full of witty<br />banter and harsh killing is worth admiring. There are also few moments<br />where Cusack's killer's humanity comes through, and the movie becomes<br />really affecting.<br /><br />But there are also moments, and performances that feel arch and pushed,<br />jokes that get told one too many times, motivations that are vague, and<br />convenient coincidences. The romance at the center with Minnie Driver,<br />while having charming bits, never feels very grounded, and the ending<br />feels like a bit of an easy cop-out.<br /><br />The film is quite good, bravely odd and dark for a Hollywood film. and<br />fun, but it sets you up expecting much more of a 'Dr. Strangelovian'<br />impact than it ultimately has.
B004M20YDU|2.0|When the original soundtrack of Tron came out, a lot of people already knew it was geared for a movie. That's what the viewers got, tracks that had huge 85 piece orchestra scores that mixed in Daft Punks' knack for electronica masterpieces that had whiffs of Bladerunner and other throw backs all the while retaining a modern atmosphere. However, for the average fan who grew up with danceable beats this wasn't enough. Enter renown multi-platinum DJs like Moby or household names like Kaskade, The Crystal Method, Boys Noize and other producers.      For a cast that seems phenomenal this album is a huge let down.     According to the rumors, this album was supposed to provide \\"fresh takes\\" that's supposed to have the world \\"dancing on the grid.\\" I feel the remixes didn't even scratch at the surface. Maybe the DJs wanted to preserve the magic touch of Daft Punk or they were held down by various restrictions. Whatever the case, a lot of songs were lackluster or like someone in 5 mins who used a cracked version of Fruity Loops to compose their songs. Yes, that DJ program that entry level aspiring DJs use.     Songs like \\"End of the Line\\" that seemed hardly touched at all except for some minor details. Derezzed, was the only song that closely resembled Daft Punk's usual works. On the Album? The remix was like an attempt at a trance piece that unfortunately sounded like it came out of a video game.     To their credit, the time that they were given to make this wasn't that long and I probably can't do better, but c'mon, with big name artists like that? I expected a lot more and so should everyone else.
030745455X|5.0|Like both of the other \\"Girl Who....\\" books from Stieg Larsenn this, too, is a gripping story. So gripping, in fact, that it is extremely difficult to put the book, or in my case, the iPad down once you have read 40 or 50 pages. \\"Played with Fire\\" follows on from \\"Dragon Tattoo\\" though it does not pick up immediately after the first of the three book saga. Much like the rest of the book Larsenn manages to leave one in a state of suspense at the end of the book so that purchasing \\"Kicked the Hornets' Nest\\" becomes almost an obsession!<br />A great read.[[ASIN:030745455X The Girl Who Played with Fire (Vintage Crime/Black Lizard)]]
B00006HBCI|5.0|it seems that there must be a better way to catagorize items for sale here @ Amazon. for instance, the item shown should be listed, by Amazon-even if it's not @ the time available-with its' proper & correct picture, release date, CAT #, barcode & trackilsting.   the item shown here, with the blue obi strip, is the Japanese re-release of this title. i believe is was released in Japan during the year 2002. here's what i know; the original Japanese release of this title was released oct 28th, 1998 (98-10-28). the CAT # is PHCR-90715/6. the barcode # is 4988011361296. while i cannot read Japanese, i do know that the obi strip of the original Japanese release is black with red sections @ & on the obi's front top & bottom. the re-release/re-issue is the blue obi. as for the tracks on the 1998 Japanese release: disc 1 has 15 tracks with the last track being 'one tree hill'. disc 2, the 'b-sides' disc, also has 15 tracks, ending with 'trash, trampoline and the party girl'.  i have been 'collecting' for awhile now & many times i find it difficult to know what exactly is being listed for the lack of proper descriptions. if Amazon started listing pictures, CAT #s & barcode #s, things might become a bit easier in that aspect.
031261246X|4.0|Zero Day explores what could happen if some hackers are turned to true evil by terrorists.  It examines what could happen if a doomsday virus is sent to almost every computer in the western world and wonders if we are truly too dependent on them.  Jeff, a computer analyst, leaves his government job after they fail to act on intelligence that could have prevented 9/11.  He is called to help a law firm where a the doomsday virus has been triggered a month early by a wrong date in the system.  Realizing that there are severe consequences to the virus he has found, he calls in another colleague from the government, Daryl.  Jeff has always had feelings for her and the sparks fly again when they meet.<br /><br />The pair try to unravel the threat by finding clues buried within the code and when several people involved with finding the clues are murdered, Jeff and Daryl realize that this is much more serious than a simple hacker trying to make a name for himself.  I never knew that unravelling computer code could be so sexy and thrilling!  This one made my heart pound and was a real page turner!  I loved how the author takes on the fact that we are so dependent on our computers and that fear translates well into a thriller. If you enjoy Michael Crichton and Stephen King, you are going to love this one. I received this book at no expense in exchange for my honest review, for detail []
B003ITDN86|5.0|This album was all that the band said it would be, Awesome! It truley was talented and every song is different, and in every song, there are several different sounds and changes. Very good variety, If you ever were to get bored of a sound, it changes. It's a painful album about the lead singer's divorce and heartache from it. But that never excludes good music, in my opinion. This album was hardcore and soft at times, fantastic balance.
B004J1DBJI|5.0|To address some common complaints: 1)  Can't use your own keyboard: disable Custom Keyboard in preferences.  (Don't you hate those people who will take the time to write a review to bitch, yet won't even bother to do a quick check in the preferences?)  The only keyboard improvements I'd like is word prediction/autocomplete and having a quick way of switching between your keyboard and the Wolfram keyboard.  2)  Wolfram Alpha is a computational engine foremost, not a search engine.   Hit menu and select  Examples.  There's a plethora of examples; at the very least look at the &quot;Getting Started&quot; category.
B004J1DBJI|4.0|I typed &quot;where is Jupiter&quot; as my first question and was very impressed with the results. it actually calculated it's position in the sky from my home location. That in itself that was impressive but the fact thst it was able to do that from such a basic question as very impressive. Does need some work on Motor Xoom though. 4 *'s for now.
B004EC5IUW|5.0|A great re-imagining of the series, a jaw-dropping Blu-ray transfer, and the most fun I have had watching a movie in a long time.
B004IJZFP4|4.0|Wasn't sure about this ,but as a fan of Tommy's had to get it,excellent album the differn't studio cuts are very good ,much,much better than expected. I recomend for any Bolin fan,can't wait for the next album!
B004J1DBJI|5.0|This is perhaps the single most useful app that is available today! This one app was able to replace several other apps, and has even greater functionality. It does have a slight learning curve, but it does have a large library of examples included.
B004I2K4DY|5.0|First, you must love Les Miz the musical.  2nd; this is the complete cast in costume, singing all the songs with the most incredible encore ever seen as they bring all the previous performers together for a big last hurrah.  Doesn't get any better than this.
B000KIPT30|2.0|I'm very disappointed with the sound quality, but I guess you can't complain since it only costs $20. I'm just glad I wasn't looking for sound quality. I just needed a cheap 4 channel headphone amp for recording purposes. Wouldn't recommend it, though. Like I said, the sound quality is pretty bad.
0316789798|5.0|I say enough about this drawing book. My 5 year old has deemed this her favorite book and this is saying a lot. Lacking any artist talent I even gave it a shot and was quite pleased with what I could do. Highly recommend for your little one who likes to draw.
B004RLPTT0|4.0|Absolutely brilliant soundtrack with the exception of two tracks.<br /><br />The first being the \\"I Want It All / We Will Rock You Mash-Up\\". Whoever thought this fit in amongst the rest of the music contained in the movie must have been high that day. C'mon... can't just ONE movie nowadays be made without having at least ONE rap track in it? It's so out of place that it feels like it was just thrown in as a favor to someone in the crew.<br /><br />Secondly, the \\"Love Is The Drug\\" cover does no justice whatsoever to the brilliant original by Roxy Music. This one I can live with much, much easier but it's by no means even 1/4 as good as the other 7 greats that are on the disc. The song in itself is a classic, i just think it should have been done more akin to how Sweet Dreams, Where Is My Mind and Asleep were done. If it would have been only 1 out of 9 bummers... I would have given it 5 stars.<br /><br />Regardless of the number of stars - it still get's two thumbs up from me.
B004I2K4DY|5.0|The \\"Les Miserables: 25th Anniversary Concert\\" is sensational. With stars such as Ramin Karimloo and Lea Salonga, how could it go wrong? The music is inspiring and the voices are superb. An amazing masterpiece for Les Mis collectors.
B004S5D3B6|4.0|I really enjoyed this movie on a couple of different levels. It is a good story and a true story. So good entertainment in terms of a movie. But I very much enjoyed the look and feel of the movie from a New Englander who grew up in a very similar city in massachusetts. The hair styles, clothing, attitudes, buildings and streets were all extraordinarily well done. They really did their homework on this movie and got a real feel for what life was really like.
B000AA4JMU|5.0|This is a classic movie. The acting, singing, and dancing alone should entice any viewer. The story line is beautiful and the whole concept of the movie is superb. This is a must-see for any true fan of musical works.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|It really comes down to the title for me.  If the original unmodified versions were available, I'd buy them in a heartbeat.    As to the new ones, well, there are lots of other stuff I can spend my money on.  I didn't like the revised versions of the movies, nor did I enjoy the episodes with boy Skywalker.  It is really like the crazy Hollywood actors -- if you're a jerk in public, I can spend my money elsewhere.    So the release of the modified versions of the films don't interest me.
0810970686|5.0|The book was exactly the one I paid nearly twice as much for at the book store and it was sent with no shipping charges.  A great deal!
B002ZG98UK|4.0|One of the top 5 or maybe top 3 3D Blurays to show off excellent 3D effects,it defiantly is a good 3D tv/3D BR player show piece. Its just a bit on the short side as it leaves you wanting more... If you can get it 4 a good price(I payed $25) I highly recommended it.
B004J1DBJI|4.0|It does a great job of finding some things, but not so great at others. Overall a good find.   I wasn't able to find conversion info for sodium hydroxide and oils used in soap making, regardless of wording.   A search of Zofran defaults to chemical constituents with little information on medical use. What info does turn up isn't linked to more info.   But when it does find what you're looking for, it's an astounding app.
0316056863|5.0|What can I say? This book is funny and a must have for any Tina Fey fan. (I put her book next to Whoopi's and Steve Martin's on my bookshelf just to impress people). Since her life seems to oddly parallel mine in certain spots, I could identify quite a bit. I might surprise some of my friends and have it sent right to their Kindle. I know they'll enjoy her details about mommyhood, Palin and 30 Rock. Kudos for the title and cover art as well. Nice.
B0021L8V0M|5.0|This movie has a lot of twists and turns and keeps you guessing!  Angelina Jolie is excellent in this film.  It's a must see!!
B000069KGM|4.0|There can be few people who have not heard some of Chicago's superb ballards from the mid 1970s onwards, Wishing You Were Here, If You Leave Me Now and many others.  This debut from 1969 would appear to have been recorded by an entirely different band, in fact although at the time they were known as Chicago Transit Authority, basically the same personell were responsible.  This may be the first debut double album ever released and it includes some experimental rock/jazz fusions which are anything other than predictable.  The 12 tracks are mostly over 5 minutes long and they range from Free Form Guitar, which is what it says, to I/m A Man, which takes The Spencer Davis' Group's song and make's it there own.  At just under 80 minutes, all on 1 CD, this may be too much to listern through all at once, nevermind it bears hearing time and again, it's loud and brash, no wonder Jimi Hendrix was a fan!
B004CAWKXE|5.0|My Chemical Romance is great, and this album is amazing. I got this as a digital download when it was on sale for $0.99 for the entire album, so overall I was super satisfied. The downloading process was super simple and fast... the whole thing (from purchase to downloading to listening) took less than 2 minutes.
1597801585|4.0|Bacigalupa does very well keeping the many threads/characters of this story moving along, exposing how the actions of each affects the others, their responses to each other and to greater events outside their control. In many ways we see these characters from a certain clinical distance. They are well delineated, yet circumstances keep each remote from deep honest relations with each other, and so also with us. Bacigalupa dares to create flawed characters with shifting alliances and ad hoc morality.[...]    And while his characters each demonstrate some glimmer of humanity at key points, you'll never forget that you have to sift through much filth to see that gold flash in the pan. There are no Mother Teresa's here, and how could there be in this fragile society of scarcity, living on a knifes edge? It's because the characters display the unvarnished truth of Darwin that I find the scenario he paints wholly plausible. The story plays well upon on my cynical views and secret doubts.  Highly recommend, especially fun for those aware of cutting edge science and agri business.
B0042EJD8A|5.0|Gasland?....it was excellent and chilling.  In a methodical fashion and with little fanfare the film reveals facts that are so compelling that the viewer squirms and goes: \\"noooooooooooooooo.........that can't be true....why didn't I know this?............who's minding the store?\\"   Documentaries are intended to make you see what is invisible.  This one, makes you sure that you can smell the screen.  And it is a case of content obscuring the form.  You lose sight of the art of the narrative and are consumed with the righteousness of the cause. Yet I need to commend the documentarian for an illumination that is beyond politics.  If you are a conservative, a liberal, a contrarian, no matter, you will be gob-smacked with the danger we all live in and the magnitude of the problem.    No-one is looking out for the little peoplel......and WE ARE ALL LITTLE PEOPLE!  There is a certain naivete' that we happily display as Americans, and that is that when all the smoke and diatribe clears..............we believe in the benevolence of our government.  And I like that about us as a people.  But we cannot stand by and be stupid.  We, the people need to pay attention when profit motives drive legislation to the exclusion of safety and common sense.    I am not a scientist, nor a libertarian, not even a review writer.......but I can tell you that this film will make you think and more importantly to act.  Halliburton is entitled to make money ................ however, we are entitled to make sure the \\"Emperor Has A New Set Of Clothes\\"! (in other words: if flames can shoot out my kitchen sink, then there must be a problem with the \\"fracturing\\" process).  Stop it, just plain stop it.
B000003CMB|5.0|Wow, too good
B000QRIGLC|4.0|This is an incredible, spellbinding narrative of courage, fortitude and attitude.  First couple chapters are largely fluff, and it is to make a point made much more effectively later.  Once the narrative gets into SEAL training, it is impossible to put it down.  The reader is left in awe of what kind of physical and psychological giant it takes to make it through SEAL training.  But the real test by fire is yet to come.  The disastrous mission in the Hindu Kush mountains is truly mind-boggling.  What these four warriors faced and how they handled it is really beyond comprehension for most humans.  We should all be extraordinarily grateful that our great nation has such selfless super warriors to defend us and our way of life.
142314189X|5.0|Purchased for my 10 year old granddaughter.  She is on the second book of the set and loves them so far. She says the books are really good I think I will also read them.  That is if I can get them away from her brother who is 20 years old.  So happy I purchased them.
B004J1DBJI|1.0|To many positive reviews seem bogus, written by someone associated with the app developers to skew ratings.  My guess there will be 15 new reviews right after this one posts that will have 5 stars and no substance other than to tell us they &quot;love, love, love this app&quot;.
B001NZ1IGG|5.0|As a big fan of \\"grunge\\"-type stuff I was always aware of MLB's existence, their connection to PJ, Temple of the Dog, and Green River, but for some reason didn't buy this album until about a year ago. I liked it when I was first listening to it, but it really grew on me after a while - Andrew Wood described their music as \\"love rock\\", and that's a perfect way of putting it. A lot of their stuff just makes you happy to listen to it. Stylistically, it is quite different from all the aforementioned bands. Despite carrying Gossard, Ament, and Fairweather over from Green River, they sound pretty much nothing like GR...that band was a lot rougher, more Stooges-style...and although Gossard and Ament later went on to form Pearl Jam, and there are some similarities between the music on here and on PJ's \\"Ten\\", overall the music has a very different feel. As some reviewers have stated on here, MLB is kind of like a grungy and non-lame cockrock band...although I feel they sound more like Aerosmith type classic rock than 80s hair metal sort of...it's just fun, happy, cool music, with Wood's flamboyant vocal style setting the tone.    Wood in my opinion sounds quite a bit like Axl Rose, but less screech-y...in addition to the fun rockers on here, there are a couple moving and beautiful tunes that showcase the more tender side of his vocal style. The lyrics are great too. He truly was an extremely talented individual, it really is a shame he doesn't have a larger body of work. It's odd too to think about how Gossard and Ament later went on to do Pearl Jam, who have spent much of their careers striving to move away from commercial aspects of making money, but are here in a band that clearly wanted to be mainstream popular...and if I had to pinpoint the biggest difference between MLB and PJ, it would be that MLB (certain songs excluded) is much less serious, it just cuts loose in a 70s rockin style. It also has less of a punk influence and more of a glam influence. So I'd say this band is less specifically like PJ in style and closer to Aerosmith.    As far as particular songs, Chloe Dancer/Crown of Thorns is indeed a brilliant song - though I much prefer the one with the Chloe Dancer intro to the standalone. Man of Golden Words is a haunting ballad that features the lyrics Temple of the Dog took their name from - it's a beautiful, heartfelt piano piece. Bone China is another favorite, kind of a mid-tempo that finds a balance between the Gentle Groove-type ballads and the Holy Roller-type rockers. The hard-rockin songs are just a brilliant amount of fun, Wood and the rest of the band cut loose in a way that is infectiously pleasing. Capricorn Sister is probably my favorite, but Stardog Champion, Half-Ass Monkey Boy, Holy Roller, and Mindshaker Meltdown are also fantastic...not only that but there really aren't any bad songs on here. In conclusion, a great album, but give it a few spins to get into it - you might not be satisfied if you want more Pearl Jam or Green River, but it's got a great style all its own.
B004EBZX6W|5.0|Works great with lots of display choices, good graphics and the right price (free).  Displays all connections around you with signal strength.  Highly recommended.  No problems but had to authorize installation in my Downloads folder before it would install.
0307389839|3.0|As a runner, this book was not as entertaining (or inspiring) as I would have hoped.  There was a good deal of material about the author's experience with triathlons (but not with great detail about training).  The part that killed it for me was all of the text about being a novelist and how the writing process was similar to running.  I am not interested in hearing about writing novels.  If you are, then you will love this book but it was not what I expected.  That being said, I finished it so I suppose that's worth something.
B004J1DBJI|3.0|The app doesnt work exactly as described. It takes generalized statistics and only focuses on one word. Search for instance &quot;Jim Butcher&quot; a rather well known author in the book work, #1 nytime best seller for 12 weeks straight. When I searched for him Wolfram only searched for the word Butcher. There was no way to tell it to search for the entire thing I wrote. It only wanted to search for Butcher.
0767903862|5.0|I was on a cruise from San Francisco to Australia and received a Kindle for Christmas from my daughter.  I thought I should know something about the country so I typed in Australia on Amazon's website and found a few gems.  Best of all was Bill Bryson's \\"In a Sunburned Country.\\"  It was enjoyable from the moment I began and quite informative.  We were going to some of the places Bryson visited: Sydney, Adelaide, Alice Springs and Uluru (via the Ghan) and Cairns.  Having read about his experiences made me want to see the places he mentioned and also made me wary of spider webs, lizards, jellyfish in the waters off the reef etc.  I was constantly reading aloud many humorous passages to my traveling companion. The parts of Australia that we visited were magnificent, and his book gave me a greater appreciation and background for them. I want to go back and see the places we missed.    We seem to gravitate to Australians when we travel. On a visit to Europe the year before we met an Australian couple and spent our first weekend after the cruise with them at their home south of Sydney. We had a great time and they were fantastic hosts. We truly enjoyed all the Australians we met on our trip, especially on the Ghan (train) where you really have time to sit and chat (23 hours). I love their friendliness and lay-back attitudes. I got the feeling that Australians like Americans and the feeling is definitely mutual on our part.    Read Bryson's book and visit Australia.
0811876373|4.0|This book pictures many cute ideas for cake pops! They are all pictures you can find online for free though and it doesn't give you any \\"secrets\\" to making the pops. I still can't figure out how her candy melts come out so smooth! Cute pictures of cake pops though, in my opinion probably not worth the money.
B003ZMF26W|5.0|Very nice mouse, lots of controls, feel and grip are execlent, weight is good for fast motion. wheel is very nice and has a soft feel. Some buttons are a little hard to push. But other then that no complaints.
0956827810|5.0|I wish this book will soon be available in Spanish, So I can buy it to my husband!! he would love it..
B004J1DBJI|5.0|A lot of useful knowledge, I find it kind of neat. Just takes a little getting used to. Would definetly recommend it. Free is a plus too, love the amazon app store
B004J1DBJI|5.0|This thing really does wonders. Graph or solves pretty much any equation. Great and powerful tool! Get it now! I've never looked back. The best app for engineering
0316069353|1.0|I sent an email to HGB Publishing regarding their ridiculous pricing for e-books compared to hardcovers.  Below is their response, which I don't agree with at all.  enriched e-Books, are you kidding me???      Hello ,      We're sorry to hear that you're disappointed with our pricing of eBooks.  We continually review and change our prices, and we appreciate your feedback.      In these early years of digital publishing HBG has invested heavily in the infrastructure, staff, and processes to support this growing, but important part of our overall business.  We remain dedicated to publishing in all formats and anticipating readers' needs. Our books often take years to acquire, edit, market, and distribute, and require large investments without a guaranteed return of that investment.      We recognize that we must strike a balance between efficient production, long-term business development, and fair consumer value. Currently over 80% of our entire digital book catalog is priced at or below $9.99, despite the fact that producing digital books has added to our cost of doing business.     In general, and when the costs and other considerations involved allow it, we do believe that a digital book should cost less than a new hardcover.  However, it is important to understand that enriched eBooks that offer more features and content may cost more to create. We try to insure that pricing fairly reflects those extra costs associated with developing, editing, designing, and marketing these books.     Again, we appreciate your feedback. At this time, we have no plans to change our pricing decisions. We continually review our pricing in these  early years and we may adapt our business models, prices, and procedures over time. In the mean time, we thank you for your continued support of our authors and encourage you to keep reading.     Thank you,     Customer Service
0316056863|5.0|I too read this book in less than 24 hours and while I laughed my butt off, I also found it incredibly insightful regarding the challenges of being a working mom and the perils all women face in the workplace. Her \\"life lessons from improv\\" was worth the purchase price by itself. I want to buy this book for every young woman I know entering the workforce. The chapter about whether to have a second child was the most honest piece of writing I've seen in a long time, made all the more relevant by today's announcement that she's now pregnant. I couldn't be happier for Tina. I want her to be rich and happy beyond her wildest dreams, and I'm happy to have done my little part to make that happen. Go Tina!
0440243688|5.0|I have read two other Lee Child/Jack Reacher books (Echo Burning & One Shot) and while they where entertaining enough, I agreed with other readers that they contain a lot of filler.  Gone Tomorrow appears to be an exception.  It was fast paced and full of suspense and twist and hard to put down.  I undersatnd that several of Mr. Childs books have been optioned for movies, maybe they should look at this one.
B004SBS8LA|5.0|Addicting and amusing just like the other Angry Birds games. Nice time waster when you are waiting at an appointment or something like that.
B000JQUZCI|5.0|I had to read this book for a class I am taking, and although I did not enjoy the content of the book, it was a great deal for me as I downloaded it to the Kindle App on my phone for free, and had the book to take with me to read wherever I went.
B0020TS5LU|2.0|I just received my blu-ray version of Gosford Park and found its quality to be very lacking.  I compared it to my DVD version and there was a very small improvement in the picture quality, but not much.  The blu-ray also lacked any extras and the closed caption feature did not work.  It's still a great movie, but a terrible blu-ray transfer and I would recommend that you don't buy it.
B004QYZATW|4.0|I totally enjoyed this movie.  It had glamor and style and settings and eye candy galore, but it also had a story that I really liked.  Venice was the most gorgeous supporting character yet.  If you  think you'll like old school Hollywood Glamor set one of the most magical cities on Earth, try it out, I think you'll like it.  :)
B002ZG98C8|2.0|The movie has a terrible story line and setting, which does not any creativity like of Mr. Robert Rodriguez's films, which are almost all of them are just crab. Throughout the film, Machete just goes crazy with revenge, and kill everyone gets in his way. The movie seems politically motivated but in a really crappy way, which some meaning to the story. But all Robert Rodriguez' movies are just violent without any meaning.
1439152780|3.0|First Line: Hush... Can you hear him?<br /><br />Three elderly sisters live in a crumbling castle in the south of England, closely guarding their secrets, until the chance delivery of a 50-year-old letter to the mother of London book editor, Edie Burchill.<br /><br />As a teenager, Edie's mother was evacuated to Milderhurst Castle during the Blitz and lived with author Raymond Blythe and his three daughters, twins Persephone and Seraphina, and Juniper. When Edie has an opportunity to read her mother's letter and to learn that her mother actually lived with the author of her favorite children's book, The True History of the Mud Man, she naturally wants to learn all she can about her mother's time there, the castle, and the Blythes. The thick, sticky spiderweb of secrets she blunders into has been in place for decades, and as they are exposed to the light of day, there will be repercussions for them all.<br /><br />I loved Morton's first two books, The House at Riverton and The Forgotten Garden. The author's descriptive, atmospheric writing swept me away into these stories for long periods of time, and when I came up for air, I had to blink a few times to bring the world into focus. Not so with The Distant Hours.<br /><br />With the exception of The True History of the Mud Man-- a children's book written by one of the characters-- which is truly creepy and stirred the hair on the back of my neck, I was never transported by the story. The book felt too much like the gothic romances by Dorothy Eden and Victoria Holt I read as a teenager.<br /><br />Although Morton's characterizations are as excellent as they were in her first two books, once the cast of characters was in place, it was relatively easy for me to decipher all the secrets and know what happened at Milderhurst Castle. And... since I wasn't transported by the story, the book felt bloated and very slow-moving.<br /><br />Has this put me off Kate Morton's writing? No. Besides, I really wouldn't call this a \\"bad\\" book, merely an average one. I enjoyed her first two books so much that I'll still be watching for the next.st two books so much that I'll still be watching for the next.
B0002OOUP0|5.0|For a new 'Stones fan like myself this is a great compilation of hits that this legendary band created during the 70's and 80's!
0316069353|5.0|I have not read this book yet..............I come to Amazon to see honest reviews of the book content and all I see are the people whining about the Kindle price and giving one star to the book. Seeing this book at first glance with a two-star rating is a real turn-off to people who are considering buying the hardcover or paperback versions. Back off, Kindle people!! It's not all about you!!!! (and I own a Kindle!!)This is certainly not fair to the author.
0684833395|4.0|This is an excellent book. I don't think that a reader can really understand the true depths of the absurdity this great novel brings to the fore without actually having served in the military himself.
0316069353|1.0|Smart of Amazon to try and blame the publishers for setting the price but they need to stand up to these publishers to protect their customers. If Amazon stop selling their books until they set a fair price and hold firm then we will all benefit.
0307474275|2.0|Well, I finally read it, just to see what all the hype was about. And I was VERY unimpressed. And, no, it's not just because it \\"challenges\\" \\"traditional\\" Christianity. It's because the so-called \\"challenge\\" was so weak. Even just a little bit of historical research blows Dan Brown's theories out of the water. Constantine collated the New Testament --- really? Who does he expect to believe this junk. The gross historical inaccuracies aside, the writing isn't very good either, honestly. There was a lot of potential for a good novel here, but he wasted chapter after chapter preaching and trying to persuade the reader. Just not a good book. I did, though, enjoy reading his \\"Angels & Demons,\\" which has a similar focus but a much better story and much less time using his soapbox.
B002ZG9800|1.0|If only I could have passed on this one.  Jim Carrey, while not my favorite actor, has done some great stuff over the years (Truman, Majestic, Yes Man) and Ewan McGregor is solid and talented.  Why they chose to do this film is beyond me.  Supposed to be about white collar crime.  Maybe I expected some kind of intelligent sticking-it-to-the-man heist or something.  Instead, they were sticking it to each other.  I was pretty put off by the rampant homosexuality, but beyond that, the movie is just dysfunctional and depressing.  There's no character to like, most of the time they are in prison, and it all ends very badly.  WTF ? I guess I should have researched it first - I thought that two talented actors at the top of their game would make an amazing movie together.  Hard to imagine who this would appeal to.  Very disappointing.
0739366416|4.0|Very interesting and encouraging to read. I don't always agree with him, but I can see his reasons for believing as he does. I think that his book gives a very honest and positive assessment of America and its politics.
B004EBT5CU|5.0|As someone who has often been disappointed by the current state of Pop music which seems to be dominated by artists with little talent, short careers and a lot of hype thanks to shows like American Idol.  Adele is a big exception who actually became popular because she has real talent, and her music is very refreshing.  I enjoyed her first CD, but I think 21 will rank as one of the nicest pop CDs of 2011, and proves she has staying power.  She has a beautiful soulful voice.  Her songwriting skills are excellent.  21 has a nice mix of happy and sad love songs.  Favorites include \\"Turning Tables\\", \\"Set Fire To The Rain\\", both are beautiful passionate love songs  She does a great cover of The Cure's \\"Lovesong\\".  This is one of those CDs that you can listen to and not want to skip over any of the songs.
B000I8OOLU|5.0|Well crafted story.  A good example of effective power-point presentation. \\"Must see\\" for beginners to the controversy of global warming.
B004SBS8LA|4.0|I'm  using this app on an A855 - I've had to uninstall it amd reinstall it twice now.  it just stops being able to launch after a while.  i will not do it a thitd time before ver 1.0.1 comes out.  Aaaaaarrrgggghhhh!!!!!!!
0316069353|1.0|I'm not paying this price to read this book on my kindle! Shame on Amazon. What happened to $9.99?  Bring the price down and then I'll purchase.
0307593525|5.0|As all the past professional reviews have stated, this two-volume set is the definitive text on French cooking for the ambitious American cook.  The background and preparation sections are explicit, and the recipes themselves are very detailed. Then of course, the end result is to die for - delicious! Fantastic!
B0038LB4TE|3.0|This is a good solid action-packed novel in the Jack Reacher series. Fans will not be disappointed. Some of the details may be rather hard to swallow; for example, is it believable that ex-Major Reacher cannot recognize the Russian language when he hears it spoken? (OK, it's supposed to be Ukrainian, but I doubt whether an American who is not a linguist could tell the difference between Ukrainian and Russian.) Highly recommended to fans of Jack Reacher.<br /><br />(Scale: * - unreadable, couldn't finish. ** - bad or very bad, but readable. *** - honest solid work, value for money. **** - very good in its genre. ***** - timeless masterpiece.)
B002L5GQGY|5.0|JB is an amazing guitarist. His band is populated with some very serious talent. Joe's singing is remarkably good considering that he is known as a guitarist. The songs written by Joe are generally my favorites on the DVD which speaks to his overall musical talent. I read some less flattering reviews of JB, comparing him to SRV and Gary Moore. He is neither of these artists. He is JB. He has his own style. I love those artists, too. Sadly, they are no longer with us, but I rejoice in this gifted artist coming into my life to help fill the void. Rather than the rough funky style of these artists, JB has a precision that some might find a bad fit for the blues and soulful music. I just feel that he shows that a talent is not limited to those who fit the stereotype I might hold in my head of what a blues man is supposed to look like.   Beyond that, I want to comment on the outstanding filming of this performance. It is as much a work of art as is the work of the musicians. Bravo to all involved in the creation of this treasure.
B000YPEKPM|1.0|As someone who imported Polydor vinyl from Japan 30 years ago my first reaction was WTF. The genuine article has been out-of-print for decades! You can tell that these are fakes due to several branding issues. EG is credited, they have not been a copyright holder in over a decade. Polydor is the big name on label and obi (a Universal owned brand), yet Virgin is current owner (an EMI brand). These fakes are trading on old former copyright/publishing! Even the obi is all wrong - colors and Japanese text (laughable), and a MoFi inner sleeve? By the way, the genuine vinyl NEVER came factory sealed from Japan, but rather in loose open top bags. But, they are cut from recent remasters, sound clean, and have razor sharp artwork (although colors appear noticeably darker and somewhat off in places). Sonically, you're likely getting a vinyl version of the DSD-mastered CD with some surface noise, minus the warmth of the all-analog path (AAA) found on original/genuine pressings.  Search &lt;eno japanese pirate vinyl> forums if not convinced. So far I've seen Another Green World and Tiger Mountain receive the same treatment, but not Before and After Science? Maybe they're still working on the 4 Peter Schmidt prints?... I sure hope not.
087033039X|5.0|My husband hitch's horse hair and wanted to learn to braid it also. We couldn't find any good books on horse hair braiding so we purchased this book and it works great for both leather and horse hair. Easy to read, great instructions, lots of illustrations! Well worth the price!!
B000PMLFRA|1.0|I would make a reservation right now if I knew that these were going to be the original untouched (except for retouching) trilogy in widescreen or at least have the option to view on the blu-ray. They should be able to fit both versions on one disc or make a 2-disc set.
B00012QLQ4|1.0|Lame, so lame it pains me to even summon the memory of it from my most discarded of recollections. This is probably one for the less sophisticated members of the Inyasha crowd, but others may find the potato peelings in their clogged garbage disposals? more interesting than this colossally lame production.
B000PMG16U|1.0|The worst movies ever made. I loved the originals and watched these news ones in the theater and I because I was caught up in the hype. I wanted to like it because I waited so long for these movies to come out. But with each movie release I was increasingly disappointed. Why are they the worst movies?  1. Very bad acting (and the movies had good actors like Ewan McGregor and Natalie Portman, I don't know what happened)  2. Cheesy and annoying characters like Jar Jar Binks, Boss Nass, Battle Droids, etc.   3. Relied too much on CG to tell the story.  4. George Lucas lost his touch as a director long time ago.    Counter arguments that I've heard:   1. About Jar Jar Binks \\"It's supposed to have some humor in it\\"(That's true but these movies weren't funny)  2. About the cheesy and annoying acting. \\"It's not supposed to be an academy award movie just have fun with it.\\"(Sorry, getting a headache from watching these movies isn't fun)  3. Overall stupidity ( Bad plot, bad direction, no sense of purpose, no loveable characters, story telling sucks) \\"It's supposed to be for kids\\" (I these films were dumbed down for today's kids, that's not a good trend because seem to be getting dumber)
0756404738|2.0|Be preparted to suffer countless hours of painful and irrelevant reading as Kvothe lounges in the Fae and gets schooled in Ademre -- all in some unedited ramble-of-an-attempt by the author to teach us about \\"the true nature of names/naming.\\"<br /><br />I read the 1st book twice -- loved it -- loved the curious nature of Kvothe, his appetite for knowledge and his drive to understand the world around him. However, book two reads like a textbook in nonsense philosophy.  Very little happens to move the story forward, and more importantly, very little happens that makes for enjoyable reading.
0316069353|5.0|I just finished this book (bought hardcover from Amazon) and found it to be excellent.  What I don't understand is why you allow reviewers to rate book on price paid for Kindle and not content of book.  Allowing this just lowers quality of your website.  If one has an issue with price of book find another forum to complain - should not use book review forum!!
B000O8OTNC|5.0|This is a fantastic little tool and a must for outdoorsmen. It's very easy to use and puts a great edge on everything i've run through it. For $9 you can't go wrong. Would purchase again for sure.
B004SEUIXS|5.0|Treat yourself to an encore performance of this wonderful film. If anything it's better than on first viewing a decade earlier. How many films are as accessible yet layered and wise in the ways of people? \\"Amelie\\" has script, story, visuals and terrific casting ... nearly unbelievable casting. At its essence, it is a story about repairing others, fulfilling dreams, what our likes and dislikes tell about us ... and the perils of being shy. Seize the day!
0736092269|5.0|I am very happy with strength training anatomy the 3rd edition. I have used the first edition and it was good but this edition goes into more detail and gives you more examples and stretches. I have felt a diffenece in using this book and the book just giving you a base to grow into whatever direction you want.
0061703087|4.0|I always feel smarter after reading Michael Crichton's work.  Maybe that's more of a statement about me but I like to think it applies more to Crichton's ability to deftly weave high tech science into a horror story.  That's what this book really is.  It also plays well as a family drama for a large part of the book.  The protagonist, Jack, at times seemed too flawless but overall he was likeable.  I would recommend this book is you don't have problems with techno-babble!
B004J1DBJI|1.0|Since downloading this app it has force closed every time I try to use it.  I don't know if their server is overloaded,  but I'm glad it was the free app of the day.
B00005JPAO|5.0|I remember seeing this movie several years ago and decided to rent a copy and watch again.  After watching I decided I wanted a copy of my own and have shared it with others.  My kind of movie!
B0042JIL24|5.0|This cd captures the power of PJ playing live. The greatest band in concert IMO. Besides the cd, the memorabilia you get its great. Only for real jammers
B002BU0DPE|1.0|This headset is alright but the Mic died on me after i had it for 4months and one of the head phones broke off like cheap plastic defiantly not a recommended Headset to anyone, piece of crap
B000UNYK76|5.0|The high quality of image of this material is amazing. It is not blue ray but is closer. 100% recomend it
1577314808|5.0|The first time I ever heard about this book was from my dad. He tried to explain to me what the actual meaning behind The Power of Now meant. I thought, after a couple weeks of talking about it, I had grasped the overall purpose and concept, that life was meant to be lived in the moment, the now, and that thinking about the past and future was only progressing you toward a less conscious state. So with that which I had just \\"learned\\" in life, I decided to buy the book and see if I could gather any more helpful knowledge that could keep me grounded in the Now. Once I started reading the book I realized that I had understood the concept correctly like my dad had explained to me, but what I didn't grasp yet was how to utilize it and how much other important information was available.     The beginning of the book explains what our minds are and why we use them in the ways that we do. Ever since I can remember, I have always been that person that argues with myself in my own head and I'm sure that there are many of you that feel this way right now. This section taught me how to shut off the other nagging person in my head. No longer would I have to battle myself anymore in a simple situation of figuring out a yes or no answer. As long as you are identified with your mind, the ego runs your life. Learn to be the witness of your thoughts and emotions.    Tolle believes that the term \\"ego\\" means a false-self, created by unconscious identification with the mind and he couldn't be more spot on. Many of us live this life where we are constantly struggling to be better than others. If we win, we build a sense of pride and accomplishment for ourselves. If we lose, our pride and sense of self is damaged, but our ego still fights to maintain whatever it still can of that pride. Power over others is weakness disguised as strength. You are never satisfied with yourself until you have put someone else in their place, which is below you. This is the false-self that you fuel in orderto feel \\"right\\" in the world. Forgiveness is to offer no resistance to life.    The mind creates an obsession with the future as an escape from the unsatisfactory present. When your mind acts this way, you begin to forget the now and you become lost in time that is not necessary for your development. This doesn't mean that you should not plan for future events or ready yourself, but do not imagine or worry about every possible thing that can or cannot occur in the future. You must do whatever you can NOW to ready yourself. Then you will be able to tackle any situation once it arises. The only important step in life is the one your taking now. Not the steps that you took or are going to take.    There is so much more that this book has to offer that Eckhart Tolle can explain in better words. I tried very hard to find problems with this book, but I couldn't. It is the only book that I have read so far that I can rate a 5. Of course, it is not a book for everyone, but it is a great read and I think that everyone can find something important here as long as they keep open minded as we all should while experiencing life. For those who are interested in spirituality, consciousness and the ego, this is a MUST BUY! And with that, I would like to end my review with a quote from the book:    To complain is always nonacceptance of what is. Leave the situation or accept it.
1439107955|5.0|Ok...I read two other books during the three weeks I read this one but heck...sometimes you're just looking for a chuckle.  A wonderful read.  In my top ten for the past year for sure.  I really had no idea of the history of chemotherapy and radiation or how and why radical surgeries came and went.  Adding some patients gave the story a human warm touch.  Perhaps slightly disorganized from time to time as he had to go back and forth in history, it non-the-less was a very good read.  Interesting, informative, and thought provoking.  You know lots of people who have had cancer treatments.  This puts it all in a wonderfully historical prospective.  I read it on kobo but unlike another reviewer, I wasn't at all disturbed by the highlights and added some of my own.  My only regret was not getting it in hard copy because I find that easier to reference later.  It's not expensive so I think Ill pick it up for my library and put it next to \\"How Doctors Think.\\"
B00005JMX6|2.0|This film could have been great, but I'm sorry to say it rarely came even close to its potential. First of all, it seemed to be unable to decide if it was a comedy or a coming of age drama. The script tries to present some characters, like Eli (the porn-addicted best friend of the protagonist Matthew) or Kelly (the pornographer villain) as both funny and serious, and so they come across as neither-- Eli is frankly pathetic through most of the film and Kelly seems to operate in an alternate universe where even very public felonies such as abducting a high school student from his classroom in front of two dozen witnesses never elicits a response from the police. Matthew himself spends most of the film just bouncing from scene to scene, and spends remarkably little time actually developing his relationship with Danielle. So there are hijinks that are lost in the general confusion as the plot wanders aimlessly, never really seeming to know where it wants to go.    This is unfortunate, since the basic premise of the film, that a socially awkward young man discovers meaningful love with a woman with a past that his family and society might disapprove of, and along the way is forced to confront his own prejudices about sex and porn, could work as either drama or comedy. But such a story would require a much more carefully written script than this movie has; if you want to see how such a film can be done in a comedic vein, take a look at the old Tom Cruise film [[ASIN:B0018QPPXW Risky Business]].    A second, minor quibble: the unrated version of this film made extensive promises of more skin and more sex, which in a movie about the porn industry really ought to be obligatory (see the brilliant [[ASIN:B00004TQF7 Boogie Nights]] with Burt Reynolds for an excellent treatment of the highs and lows of the business), but in fact delivers neither; the nudity in the unrated version is actually less than many R-rated films I've seen, and I don't recall a single actual sex scene apart from a few brief glimpses from Eli's porn collection. If you're going to make a movie about porn, you need to include some sex. Freed from ratings, they could have here, but chose not to.    I do give the movie two stars for the ending, which does pick up and have a nice, clever twist to it (as well as a good message for young people), but this alone is not enough to save a film whose script I think needed to go through a few more rewrites before being produced. The acting and production values are fine, and Elisha Cuthbert is quite lovely, carrying off the dual role of girl next door and seductive porn queen extremely well. So to repeat: This could have been a great movie; what a pity it wasn't.
B004J1DBJI|2.0|if you require answeres typeing it into google will work better.  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .25 word minimum
B001UV4XHY|5.0|Me, my sister, and my friend and her sister went to see this movie the day it came out, and we were very very happy that we did. A few weeks later, for my sister's birthday, we went again. It was THAT good.    But then again, we're a few of the biggest HP fans ever.    First of all, yes, it DID leave out and/or change quite a few important scenes. (Dudley's revelation, Kreacher's revelation, Wormtail's death, etc.) But, on the other hand, I understand that you can't include everything from the book in the movie. If you have not read the books (Shame on you, by the way, JK Rowling is an INCREDIBLE author!) I suggest you see it with someone who has, because you will likely be confused.    On the other hand, it had some brilliant scenes that the book did not, like George interupting the H/G kiss, and Ron and Hermione playing the piano (Awwww). Overall, I really loved this movie, and I can not wait for it to come out on DVD.    To Dan, Rupert, Emma, Bonnie, Ralph, David Yates, etc: Rest assured that my sister and I will be attending the midnight showing for part two!
B001EN71HC|4.0|A true collection of silly, British-like comedy from Canadian,Mike Myers... Yep, CANADIAN Mike Myers! This slim case box set comes with the complete story or Austin \\"Danger\\" Powers: International Man of Mystery, from New Line Cinema, arm of Warner Home Video. Pristine anamorphic widescreen picture, dazzling Dolby True HD sound, and a plethora of co-stars you could shake your pinky finger at... which \\"almost\\" makes this set Groovy...    What's missing from this, never-the-less stellar Blu-ray set? The Cameo Scene Selection from the first movie, that was included in the DVD. Trivial? Sure, but, for a nice shiny box that say \\"with extra mojo\\", I was expecting all features from all films in this collection... but again, trivial. The collection is still jam packed with goodies like trailers, commentaries, even deleted scenes!    A Must Have!!
B004G8P2M8|4.0|10 bucks for a story written in 1929? I keep telling people how the Kindle is awesome, but they point out the the 'books' are too expensive. Is that book even in copyright anymore?  1.99 ? sure. Id buy it. But come on, 9.99 for a 80+year old book? I just checked my local use book store, they have it for 2 dollars.    IN fact a 1.99 I would by 4 or 5 and gist them to my kindle using friend who wouldn't otherwise buy it. It's a great story, I highly recommend if you are at all interested in noir.    These prices are keeping us in the stupid paper age.
193413712X|1.0|I wanted to like this book, and I will say that the poetic language of it was at times impressive.  But poetry is poetry and prose is prose.  I kept getting the feeling that HArding couldn't make up his mind as to which he was writing.  I was so bored so much of the time with this book that I literally had to force myself to finish it, and I did that because I wanted to know what it was that wowed other readers so much.  I actually think the book would have been more successful if he had just called it a long poem.  As a novel it just plain doesn't work.  I simply cannot recommend it.
B0044XV3R8|5.0|This is a great video.  The far-reaching sight of James Cameron is both timely and a wonder of technology, and a apt topic.  We need to view our Mother Earth with just as much regard.  Avirace is always the culpret and a stumbling block for real living for the whole of humanity. We need more togetherness as a people where we rely on each others talent to provide food and housing for the tribe.
B000NVIXFK|4.0|This album could've been great. Instead it's just good. The mighty Rush come back with a heavier hitting sound that they've been dabbling with since Test For Echo. The production is the same as the one used on Roll The Bones. Bright and clear, but painting the dreary soundscapes evoked by Neil Peart's dark and brooding lyrics. Unfortunately, Geddy Lee's sense of melody falters here. There are some great moments, but a lot of the time he sounds like he's forcing the melody to make the lyrics fit the background music. The music is the winner on this album; it deserves 4 1/2 stars. It harkens back to the days of Permanent Waves when the melodies and the music blended perfectly with the mood of the lyrics. Like in Jacob's Ladder or Spirit of Radio. Here the melodies don't take hold, or they take too long to grow on you. They are dense and hard to absorb. Otherwise, this album is a sign of things to come. The next album, CLOCKWORK ANGELS should get it right. VAPOR TRAILS failed in production, TEST FOR ECHO failed in consistency and SNAKES AND ARROWS failed in melodic hooks. And although every one of those albums could've been great, they're all just, well, good. COUNTERPARTS was a winner in production, cohesiveness and it's catchy. It was their best album since MOVING PICTURES. I recommend this one for fans of Rush, but it's not the best way to get to know this group. There's a lot of other albums that are better. If you're new to Rush, my top recommendations (in this order) are:  Moving Pictures  Permanent Waves  Counterparts  2112  Roll The Bones  Signals  Grace Under Pressure  Those are their best. The rest are a toss-up as to which could be called better. They are all good listens but not great albums.
B000G7PNAE|4.0|This is a solid album, but I've not found the hidden masterpieces that exist on a number of other albums out there which also have one or two legendary songs on them.  \\"Don't Stop Believin'\\" and, to a slightly lesser extent, \\"Open Arms\\" are without a doubt the stand-out tracks on this recording.  That's not to say the other ones aren't worth your time, but personally I don't have any new favorites overshadowing those two.
B000001ESN|5.0|This is an outstanding album. Every track is not just good. They're all great. Each song is an independently realized work of art. This is the very best that progressive rock got. The album consists of 4 mini-suites and 2 conventional songs. The band uses the music to create a backdrop that matches the subject material and draws the listener into the storyline of the song. Neil Peart is in top form going from the music corp chastising of The Spirit of Radio to the pseudo Sci-Fi evolutionist theme of Natural Science. The only drawback of this album is that it is too short. It's unfortunate that they didn't hold out from releasing the album until they came up with another track or two. Even the cover and inside sleeve art is good. Geddy Lee was never the best vocalist in the world but on this album he started to find his voice and veered away from his earlier screeching. This album is all nuance and no flash. Every note is in its right place. The Spirit of Radio, Freewill, Jacob's Ladder and Natural Science all became either classic rock staples or concert favorites. Entre Nous and Different Strings are understated ambient pieces that break the tension and allow the album to slow down before rushing through the grand finale of Natural Science. Highly recommended to fans of Rush, art rock or progressive rock.
B003X73QA8|3.0|I'm happy this album got Album of the Year, because that demonstrates that the Grammys are paying attention to actual music again rather than image and marketability (how many years were the Black Eyed Peas \\"Best New Artist\\"?)  But beyond the symbolic significance of it, it's really not that great of a record.  In fact, just like its predecessor, it's mostly boring.  Where Funeral had energy and fun songs and gorgeous melodies, Neon Bible and now The Suburbs present dry progressions and the same, dull voice vibrato-ing like crazy in every song.  It's on my iPod, but I stopped listening to it a long time ago.
B0041T52S6|5.0|Excellent adaptation.  You got Cera, Pulie from Juno(yes!), Winstead (Bonus!) and fan fave Schwartzman--Max Fisher from Rushmore-and if you DONT know that one then there is no help for you.<br />Goa nd rent this one then wait for me and my friends parody to come out Hector Mononucleosis Challenges Unknown.  Trailer out on youtube soon.  Now if only we can find an adventure capitalist to help us buy some costumes.  Amyone?
B004J1DBJI|5.0|calculus? yes. better than a ti-89 on your phone. I want to sex this app. and have its babies. little wolfram alpha babies. that know calculus.
B004J1DBJI|5.0|Very accurate. Can answer anything from math problems to history to any random question.  So far I like it.  Glad I downloaded it. Very cool.
1401227821|5.0|It was my first purchase on Amazon and everything went well! The book is amazing and I recommend all fans of Adam Hughes.
B0028R3NCU|5.0|I bought three of these, and will likely buy more!  Not only is this smaller than any thumb drive I've used; it's also more rugged.  The string-to-chain connector is far better suited to stress than the plastic loop found on most travelmate-style products, since those often crack right off of their metal rings.    The small size makes this more suitable for mailing than other thumb drives.  Since it doubles as a MicroSD adapter, it also means I can send subsequent cards even easier in the mail.    I've tried it with different cards of different capacities and classes.  Some run hotter than others, leaving me concerned about the cards, but the adapters have never failed me yet.
B004TP6O8O|5.0|everyone expected Wiz to do a 360 for the industry. every track on this album jams. been waiting for this since Deal Or No Deal. every track has its own unique feel, the album doesnt feel cluttered. excellent production. not too many features keeps the album fresh. SIX STARS ******
B004LP601S|5.0|I'm just going to put it out. If your a panic fan since 05 then you know Ryan Ross. I think this album could have been amazing with Brendon doing the musc and Ryan on the lyrics. They go together just like Pete wentz and patrick stump. :)<br />But without Ryan i am very impressed!!!! They total pulled through and made my expectations of this album amazing!<br />Sarah Smiles is probably my favorite song<br />I enjoy singing along to this album and i love it!
0307394549|5.0|Love this cookie book.  What a tremendous variety which will take quite some time to make my way through.  Some of the cookies are old favourites but there are many easy recipes, worth a try.  There's a good section on packaging your cookies when giving to friends and I now give relatives and friends cake and cookie gifts, to say thank you, for a birthday or just because I feel like it and they are happy to be the taste testers.<br /><br />Highly recommended to anyone who loves baking.
B000AMJDHY|5.0|They did something different! I enjoy listening to this album from the Introduction to the last song! This is impressive! if you got to see them live then your extremely lucky. Whether you like the band or not this album is really really good.
0684857219|5.0|Hi, just wanna drop a review for arnies book, gotta tell ya, book ana half   ive competed in 4 competitions and ranked respectivley 7th, 4th, 5th, 4th  so i sacked my peronal trainer and nutritionist coz they obviously couldnt get me any  further than where i was, so i turned to arnies book  and arnie explains everything in his book bout nutrition and training  and in the last 2 competitions ive been in after using arnies book,  got 1st both times without the help of my PT and nutritionist,   the guys i was competing with were begging me to tell em   how i did it, so with nothing to hide i told em to get arnies book  and these were the guys that were getting 2nd and 3rd all above me  the guy who always got 1st the last 4 times was burning inside  wondering how i did it, he didnt even have the decency to say congratulations  and told one of his friends to ask me how i did it. i told him to F*#K 0$
B000I2J5UG|5.0|This was my was my first MCR cd and it was amazing! The box set is just beautiful! The drawings are amazing and i feel like i know the band much better because i didn't just watch a DVD, i read about it and they really go into detail
B003B02OOG|5.0|overall I'm not a grisham fan, not that his quality of writing isn't acceptable etc., just not normally into the type of story that he writes for most of his fiction.  If I'm in the mood for one of his stories, I do enjoy his work.  Ford County Stories popped up on one of Amazon's lists when I was meandering around looking for something else, & the blurb sounded good, so I gave it a go.    I really enjoyed this book of short stories, some more than others of course, but all in all they are tales of people, doing things people do, for the rediculous reasons people do them, that all seem to make sense at the time. All of them reminded me of someone, or someplace or sometime.  Just like good family stories usually do.
B001EN71CW|2.0|The low score is reflective of the copy provided on blu-ray, not the show itself.  This is one of my favorite shows, ever, so of course I jumped on the great price for a blu-ray copy.  But my old DVD box set looks better.  Major disappointment.
B00005U122|5.0|Let me first qualify this review by stating that I hate everything.  And the abundance of five-star reviews I see on Scamazon causes my sphincter to wretch.  There are far too many people out there suffering from Paula Abdul's syndrome.  But this DVD is staggering in its brilliance.<br /><br />As a stoner youth, I ultimately shelved Pink Floyd for heavier stuff.  No particular reason.  But now in my later years, as a reformed Christian no less, I have begun to reacquire the catalog on CD and DVD (having previously owned only vinyl... and without a turntable for fifteen years).  One could dismiss my praise as fragile nostalgia... but this show is astoundingly rich.  There are so many great tracks here.  The metal-head in me loves the doom and the heaviness.  Worst of all - and I'm no fruit - I think I have a man-crush on Roger Waters.  What a handsome, talented bloke he is, up there in that spotlight with his bass, how cool!  I've never met a genius and I wouldn't use that description lightly.  But Waters is a genius.  I admire him greatly.  And his work - this piece in particular - brings me great joy.  So that's my perspective.  I will gnaw on people's ears in the weeks to come, telling them of this spectacular show that I will enjoy from this time forward, whether watching the actual visual or just playing the audio through a pair of wireless headphones as I putter around the house.  This is gonna be tough to beat.  Buy it, own it, love it.<br /><br />Only weak point is the non-Floyd stuff.  It screams \\"bathroom break!\\"  But the rest of the material on its own is worthy of the highest rating.
B00005V0X5|5.0|I absolutely love this album.  It might have a few elements that remind you it came from the mid 80's, but the remaster has put enough shine on it that you will really only focus on the quality of the music and not the production.  Yeah, we're all disappointed about the bleeps on the \\"These Boots\\", but its easily overlooked by the standouts on the rest of the album.  Just to keep some perspective, search \\"Rattlehead Live\\" on youtube to see how awesome this song still sounds after all these years.  The concert in October 2010 where Kerry King played on this song is amazing.  Overall, this album has all the ingredients that has made Megadeth such a driving force for so many years--you won't be disappointed.
B00000FD76|5.0|It's a shame that more people don't take the time to see this movie.  Anybody with ambitions to succeed in the entertainment industry could take something away from watching it over and over.
B002UNMW7O|1.0|I think this may be the worst movie i have ever seen. Following a great movie like the first boodock saints this is terrible.
0345522478|5.0|Hounded by Kevin Hearne, Book One of the Iron Druid Series<br /><br />An ancient Druid in a contemporary setting and his conflict with a pantheon of gods and his relationship with his dog and allies form the core of this book.<br /><br />Atticus O'Sullivan is a highly likeable character with an even more likeable Irish Wolfhound named Oberon.  Oberon and Atticus are best buddies and communicate telepathically.  Luckily my character Tiny in my chapter books for kids was created prior to reading this or I would wonder if I had pulled the idea from here.  Anthropomorphism is and has been for decades one of my favorite things.  There is plenty of it in this story.<br /><br />Atticus lives in harmony with nature but not so much with the series of gods he contends with.  Hearne had solid character development so you get a good idea on Atticus as a protagonist.  Vampires, werewolves, witches, gods, goddesses, succubae and other colorful and mystic characters are introduced.  The cast is set for multiple sequels.<br /><br />I enjoyed the way the concept of the Iron Druid was introduced.  Hearne does a great job in writing a good, rousing adventure with a welcome leavening of morality, loyalty and camaraderie<br /><br />I highly recommend the book and look forward to reading the sequel.
B0031RAOVY|5.0|I absolutely loved this movie.  After seeing it on tv, I had to get a copy for myself.  It's a great story and a tearjerker.  I have recommended it to friends and family.
B004J1DBJI|5.0|This is a must have app if you are involved in science and engineering. I wish this app came out when I was in college; this would have helped a lot. The people who give this bad reviews are expecting it to give you the answer to everything. This is meant to be a guide and help you; this is not meant to be watson, it is not that powerful. Anyway, if you are a scientist or an engineer (like me) get this app:)    Edit: Btw it is a work in progress, and they are developing more functionality to it. It does have a learning curve somewhat. Type in \\"examples\\" in the search field, and you will get a better idea on how to use it.
B004J1DBJI|5.0|A powerful encyclopedic computational engine.  Works great on my HTC Evo.    You don't really know the power of this thing until you see their list of examples at: [..]    Areas that it can handle are:      * Mathematics      * Statistics & Data Analysis      * Physics      * Chemistry      * Materials      * Engineering      * Astronomy      * Earth Sciences      * Life Sciences      * Computational Sciences      * Units & Measures      * Dates & Times      * Weather      * Places & Geography      * People & History      * Culture & Media      * Music      * Words & Linguistics      * Sports & Games      * Colors      * Money & Finance      * Socioeconomic Data      * Health & Medicine      * Food & Nutrition      * Education      * Organizations      * Transportation      * Technological World      * Web & Computer Systems
B001OQCV6A|5.0|I have to admit that I stayed away from this movie for a while. But the price came down and I found myself in a steampunk kind of mood. So I purchased it, watched it and in the end, was very pleasantly surprised at how good this movie is. Like many, I'm an old-school Sherlock Holmes fan. I've read all of Arthur Conan Doyles stories and novels. And I think the mood and setting in those stories is distinctly awesome. I'm also aware of the tradional way in which Holmes has been portrayed in movies over the years. I say, hold on to that traditional view, but open yourself up for a new and fun interpretation of the Holmes mythos. Yes. The characters appear to be somewhat different than the way in which you may have imagined them. Yes. The setting may be a little more wild that you pictured. But in the end, that is what is so appealing about this movie. Downey Jr. and Law play characters that inhabit an alt.Holmes universe. It's supposed to be a little off-kilter than what you might have expected. However, there is a good story here, with good villains, interesting twists, and excellent cinematography. This is another movie that just looks fantastic on your HD TV. And the best thing is that once you get used to it, you realize that  this movie sets itself up nicely for a sequel. And that sequel will likely have an alt.Holmes version of Professor Moriarty. I'm hearing a late 2011 release? Can't wait!
B004J1DBJI|1.0|Not super impressed.  App forces you to use a basic android keyboard and doesn't support any other keyboards like swype or SwiftKey making it harder to type with and the info provided was very weak.  I searched john belein salary and it gave me a picture of him and his birthday. Nothing about his life or job or any other info.
B003PIUC02|5.0|We watched the prequel to this on STARZ and really loved it.  It made some of the story make much better sense. It is a great series, but it is definitely not something for the kiddies.
0800141660|5.0|This movie was from the beginnng an attention getter.  I have watched it many times on A&E.  It flows so well, and I never lose interest in it.  It takes you to a place where Gentlemen were Gentlemen, and Ladies were Ladies.    The romantic overtones were supurb.  Not a lot of sexual overtones, just a great romantic movie.
B00006J9OT|5.0|My reason for purchasing this CD was because I wanted an audio version of the even more astounding DVD of this same title.  The CD does not have all of the songs captured on the DVD but the producers didn't, and couldn't have, gone wrong with the selections.  Add to nothing less than a magnificent performance. superlative recording with all the punch, brilliance and subtlety of a live recording and you have one of those rare finds that more than justify its Grammy Awards!  I can't rate or recommend this item high enough.
B002ZG99TA|5.0|It's been a long time since i have seen a movie like this. It keeps you right on the edge of your seat the whole way through. The actors they chose for the parts are excellent. It's a movie you will enjoy watching over and over again.
B004J1DBJI|5.0|This app is really powerful, awesome app.  Truly makes you a genius in any situation.  Highly recommended, just type anything in and be informed. 25 words is more than I right it would be.
0553345834|4.0|What They Don't Teach You At Harvard Business School is a non-fiction book that describes the interpersonal skills that one needs to succeed in life and business.  It is written by Mark H. McCormick, who spent his life crafting his ability to deal with many types of personalities.  He is the owner of an agency that represents athletes.  One of those athletes includes Arnold Palmer.  He has had great success in this business due to his ability to see through the many facades that people try to hide behind.  One of the biggest challenges in life is the ability to deal with different systems that has been put into place to make the job better.  Usually there are a number of people that do not like the system and fight against it.  One section of the book mentions how to successfully deal with this dilemma;  \\"It is important to know the system so that you can work through it.  Too many people spend too much time fighting against the system.  The best and brightest spend their time learning how to use it.\\"  Make friends and develop lasting relationships inside and outside the company.  Coworkers are not competitors, but allies.  This section is key to having a successful life in business.  The book has been laid out in a manner that makes sense to read.  The points are clear and simple to understand. The book does a great job at explaining many different scenarios that come up in the business world.  He hits the main points that seem to keep people from succeeding at working with other people.  You feel yourself making mental notes of the areas that you need to improve in your own life.  You also start planning for the future on how you will react if that same situation presents itself to you.  Overall, the book presents itself in a manner that is expected.  It is very professional, but still has enough flavors that keep you reading.  It is a fun book because you feel like you are getting the inside scoop from an individual that has been very successful at following hisown suggestions.  If you are looking for a book that helps you improve your interpersonal skills and how to handle tough situations then this will accomplish that goal.  Though it is targeted at business professionals, the same application can be taken for many other scenarios.  Take a peek.
B002UZXJA6|5.0|I and my grand-daughter highly recommend this album. They are great performers and as always never let us down. We both enjoy the calm and soothing music they always produce. We use several of their cd's to go to sleep at night also. Their voices and great song selection make this a calm and quite time to relax.
B004NSULHM|4.0|Conformity is not a virtue of Radiohead.  Love them or hate them, they're their own brand of music.  Comparisons would be those bands that were regarded through a matter of taste, such as Pink Floyd, The Doors, and other bands that opted to fly within their own realm of music. Radiohead achieves their greatness not by creating radio standards, but rather by attaining a certain spiritual astmospheric tone.  Not everyone that listens to this new album will like it.  But those for whom it is intended, those with open minds and an appreciation for music moods, this is a real treat.
0316069353|5.0|Michael Connelly is my favorite mystery writer, and I'm always amazed at the high quality of each new novel that he publishes.  The Fifth Witness is a legal thriller as good as any that he has previously written.  In fact, it's a barn-burner!  The ending was quite a shocker--I never saw it coming.<br /><br />Michael \\"Mickey\\" Haller is a criminal defense attorney in Los Angeles.  Unfortunately, the economy has lessened the need for defense attorneys as many criminals now elect to go with public defenders.  So Haller picks up the slack by representing people whose houses are being foreclosed on, and there are enough of them to keep the money coming.  In fact, he has had to hire another lawyer, newbie Jennifer Aronson.  Just when he thinks that he's through with criminal law, one of his foreclosure-clients, Lisa Trammel, is accused of killing a banker at her mortgage company. Haller decides to represent Trammel in what becomes a thrilling courtroom drama.  It may as well a boxing match, the way Haller and prosecutor Andrea Freeman slug out this case.  As with many court cases, perhaps there is no winning, but just degrees of losing.<br /><br />Connelly was a crime reporter before he turned to writing novels, and he definitely knows his beat.  Before the trial officially started, Haller observes \\"It was all strategy and games at this point and I had to admit it was the best part of a trial.  The moves made outside the courtroom were always more significant than those made inside.  The inside moves were all prepped and choreographed.  I preferred the improvisation done away from the courtroom.\\"  Haller has a theory for talking to the jury.  \\"I don't ever say you have to talk down to a jury, but you do have to talk in ways that are universally understandable.  From stockbrokers to soccer moms, there are twelve minds on the jury and they've all been marinated in different life experiences.  You have to tell them all the same story.  And you only get one chance.  That's the trick.  Twelve minds, one story.  It's got to be a story that speaks to each of them.\\"<br /><br />Connelly's first Haller-novel, The Lincoln Lawyer, was just released as a movie last month.  Some producer should snatch The Fifth Witness up, as well.  It would make a riveting film!e minds, one story.  It's got to be a story that speaks to each of them.\\"      Connelly's first Haller-novel, The Lincoln Lawyer, was just released as a movie last month.  Some producer should snatch The Fifth Witness up, as well.  It would make a riveting film!
B004J4RQIM|4.0|Not as good as the first Hitman, but has some great performances! I only wish David Foster wasn't so into himself! But very well done!
B002ZG9800|4.0|This film came and went in the theaters.  I think a whole paper could be written about why the mainstream embraced \\"Brokeback Mountain\\" but basically ignored this.  Also, in a way, this felt like DiCaprio's \\"Catch Me If You Can,\\" but with a pink triangle twist.    However, this film was really touching.  I do think the Boy Georges of the world will like it much more than the Wilt Chamberlains.  It's a work with lots of surprises.  I'm not sure whether to call it a linear or non-linear narrative, but it'll keep your attention.    Please remember, this was based on real life.  The Discovery Channnel did a documentary on the real Steven Jay Russell and it's just as interesting.  I must admit though, in our age of caller ID, I don't know if pulling off some of these schemes are possible anymore.    I thought \\"Brokeback\\" was much more \\"explicit\\" than this.  There is some male nudity here, but blink and you'll miss it.  It's not even sexual in nature.  But mark well: Mr. MacGregor is internationally known for stripping down and showing his British flesh sword, but he does not expose it in this film.
1439102724|1.0|Very disappointed.  I had heard nothing but rave reviews about Jodi Picoulot's books and this was the first one I purchased. I quickly grew tired of reading about the same scene's in each person's viewpoint.  I was saddened by how the church and christianity were deplicted. I won't spend another dime on her books.
B00002467C|2.0|This one's a classic. What could be better than Billy Joel tearing up a bunch of great classic 'genre exercises' in a put on soul singers / bluesman voice? And nice to know he wasn't really a 'piano man' anymore. Thankfully that instrument has gone into the background somewhere and the predictable pop can come in the foreground. Lets sigh a sigh of relief, ahhh...     And it just amazes me that on the back of 'All you wanna do is dance' that it was the Bee Gees, and not Billy, who became the blue-eyed soul kings of the late 70's? This song is where the real 'soul' is.     And Billy Joel writes 'preludes' for his songs, sounds like something he ripped out of ELP... I mean how innovative and what an amazing song.       Well, the Ronnettes inspired 'Say goodbye to Hollywood', what with thsoe tambourines and that 'wall of sound' you can just feel the city lights, whether it be New York or Hollywood. 'Summer Highland Falls' is definitely a nice piano ballad, but the rest... well, they're not all bad, but mostly they are average. Maybe 'Miami' and 'New York state of mind' are the best of that lot. Rating **
B003C5FMEE|5.0|I saw him live in NYC in 2011, and he was just amazing.  He has an amazing stage preference (seemed popular with the ladies).  Also, it is great to see someone proficient in traditional musical instruments (not just one) - have the stage presence of a rock star.  Seeing him live makes you understand what it is was like to enjoy Jazz in its heyday, when the musicians did have the social status that rock stars or whatever they are (does anybody famous now know how to play an instrument??!!) have today.    If you cannot catch him live, I guess this album would be the next best thing. That, and logging into youtube.
B004J1DBJI|2.0|What can I say? It didnt work... It didnt understand my question. Maybe there is somr domain in which it answers questions effectively but Im not sure what that domain is. The app aspires to a lofty goal but falls mightily short. Have I written 25 words yet?
B00127RAJY|4.0|If you're out of shape and motivated to change, this could be the workout you need to kickstart your transformation. It's relatively quick and hits cardio as well as the small and large muscle groups. Nothing is complicated and it requires minimal equipment. Some of the moves are really old school (jumping jacks!) but they will get your heart pumping nonetheless. Another advantage to the Shred is that it  gives you ultimately 6 options -- three levels, and within those three levels, one of the women is doing an easier version while the other does a more challenging version.     I bought this a month ago and have been working out every other day. I am still on the first level, but I think I'm close to moving to Level 2 because it's beginning to (finally) feel easy for me. There is no question that I am absolutely stronger and in better shape now (on non-shred days I do Just Dance 2). I was completely out of shape when I began, and overweight.     I began Weight Watchers in January and began with Shred and Just Dance a couple of months later, reasoning that it would be more fun for me if I were a bit lighter. I think it was the right approach for me because now I feel like I'm in a real groove, and I'm enjoying it, even when it's very hard. I enjoy seeing the results: Some definition in my abs and legs, definitely more endurance and stamina (during the workout itself and throughout the day. I admit that it had been so long since I worked out and had been truly proud of my body that I thought I'd never feel that way again. I am nearing my mid 50s and haven't felt this good about my fitness since I was about 40. The improvement is phenomenal and has restored my faith in the miracle that is the human body. When I started, everything seemed so incredibly difficult. The jumping jacks and push ups -- OMG -- I thought I was going to throw up! Now... I CAN DO THEM!    Here are a few ideas that others may find helpful. I bought a set of freeweights (the \\"girly\\" kind in brightcolors from 3 to 5 lbs. I'm about ready to move up to 8 and 10 pounders. I bought them on Amazon.) I also bought a yoga mat, which I fold up in the beginning of the workout so I have a padded area for my knees when I do the modified pushups. (BTW, I cannot believe I am now doing pushups.)    Despite the fact that there is a water cooler in the background, it's apparently just a prop... there are no water breaks in this workout. In fact, there are no breaks period! So you'll want to prepare and have some water nearby that you can grab when you  need it.  You may also want to have your remote handy so you can pause as you struggle to get off the floor before Jillian and her crew are already on to the next exercise. These girls don't rest but you may need to, so keep that remote handy.     After the first few workouts I became bored with the music and Jillian's instructions, so I began muting the sound and play great music instead.     I also leave a little time to extend the cooldown period. By the time I get to that point, I just do my own thing. All in all, this video has made a positive and tangible difference in my life and for that reason alone, I recommend it without reservation.
B004RJMUJO|4.0|What's great about this game is that it only last about a minute or two per round and its simple arcade style fun.  Its addictive though so you may end up playing a few rounds trying to top your previous score.   This is one of the few games I still play after having it over a month.
6305428352|5.0|Mr. Holland's Opus is an excellent movie, with only small blemishes that are nearly unnoticeable.  It does a good job of having both difficult situations and smooth sailing.  There characters are all performed well.  As to the DVD itself, it's a bit light in the extra features department, but I was not really looking for a lot of those anyway.
0517543052|4.0|Fantastic book, one of the classics that attributed Ram Dass the respect he has today of being one of the founders of bringing spirituality from the East and the West together in the 60's in 70's. Ram Dass talks about his experience with psychedelics, and how they served as a window towards opening his eyes to higher grace. He writes about his travels, the lessons he learned from his guru in India, and how one can continue to build on a solid, spiritual foundation that will last long after the psychedelic experience.    Great read, highly recommended.
B0041KKYBA|5.0|This film has the best graphics of Credit Default Swaps, Mortgage-Backed Securities, and Derivatives that I've seen.<br />Highly recommend!
B004J1DBJI|5.0|It's very easy to use. Just put in whatever you want and get a fast answer. Forget going to the web to get an answer. I love the full keyboard on my screen.
B003XDZMFE|5.0|These are my first pair of crocs and I love them so far! They are cute and comfortable and easy to slip on and off (a plus when you are holding a baby all day and need to go outside or something). I have wide feet and they are not too big or small, just a little snug. I went to the croc store and was told they would stretch some so I am not worried.
B002QE3CTY|3.0|This review contains spoilers.<br /><br />I think, overall, this was a good read. But, it could have been great.<br /><br />I don't feel the characters were developed enough for me to really get into it like I could have. I think Thomas should have been in the Glade longer than he was, for his reactions to ring true to me. He \\"loved\\" Chuck, but had only known him for a week? He hardly spent time with him, so that relationship rang false to me. As did the Theresa/Thomas thing. It was awkward. Why couldn't he have been there for a year, and gotten stung? Everything just happened too fast, which made it a bit unbelievable for me.<br /><br />Also, the maze. I have a hard time believing that, with the world ravaged, and people \\"infected\\" that they would kill off perfectly healthy, smart young kids. Take them out of the maze - but kill them?<br /><br />And Gally. How did he manage to live? Can we assume that the rest of the people taken by Grievers lived too? That story line felt *very* unfinished. I'm supposed to believe that Thomas, who saved Alby, beat Gally nearly to death - after Gally made it clear he had NO control over his actions? It doesn't seem to ring true, based on the information given about Thomas and his character. And when they escaped - why was there no mention of Gally? Is he dead? Left on the floor to rot? Why do we not know more about his role with the Creators?<br /><br />Alby's sacrifice would have packed a real emotional punch, had I not seen it coming a mile away. If Chuck had to die, he should have done what Alby did - that would make more sense to me.<br /><br />The slang. I get where the author was going with this, but it really distracted me, took me *out* of the story.<br /><br />I get the story is set up for a sequel, but I feel a little cheated at the unresolved ending. I feel that even series books should be properly concluded. I'm unsure at this point if I'll get the second.<br /><br />All that said, the book held my interest, and the premise was fascinating.
B002ZG9800|4.0|You would think that just by looking at the movie poster and the title, people could figure out the characters are gay...most of the really low ratings seem to come from those who were surprised. If this bothers you, you probably should stay away. Similar to \\"The Kids are Alright\\" the characters just happen to be gay, it's not all that integral to the plot.     I admire Carey for taking on roles like this since he could have made more money just playing Ace Ventura for the rest of his life. McGregor is sort of wasted in this movie; he doesn't do much other than provide motivation for Carey's character. The fun part of the movie is watching him go from cop to con man; not being very successful at either career.
0553805371|2.0|This book was a big disappointment. Written by one of the most brilliant theoretical physics of our time, Stephen Hawking, together with Leonard Mlodinow (also known as a science popularizer), one would expect much better.<br />The book is superficial and without a strong guideline. Theories such as Inflation, Relativity and String Theory/M-Theory are only briefly and superficially described. Quantum Mechanics is described in a little more detail, but only in the light of Feynman's \\"sum of all stories\\" interpretation.<br /><br />Based on Feynman's \\"sum of all histories\\" model, Hawking brings up the Multiverse model, but in a confusing way, that leaves you questioning whether Hawking believes in \\"real\\" (existing) multiple universes or if those multiple universes are only mathmatical identities - histories of the \\"sum of all histories\\" Feynman's model applied to Universe as a quantum entity.<br /><br />Based on the \\"sum of all histories\\" model, applied to the Universe, Hawking seems to defend the strong anthropic principle: the universe is the way we see it, because by observing it, we eliminate all the histories that would lead to a different universe, and so we are left with just a few histories of the universe which, using Feynman's path integral, would lead to the universe we observe.<br /><br />Hawking finishes the book by strongly defending that the M-theory is the only candidate to the complete physics theory, even though he gave no strong arguments why M-theory is, to start with, a good theory - and, even less, why it is better or even the only one. It looks as if the main goal of Hawking was to declare M-theory as the theory to be considered in the next years, and the 160 pages that preceded that declaration were nothing but an incoherent set of excuses for that final declaration.<br /><br />However, I can't say that I learnt nothing from this book, because there was a new thing (at least to me): the \\"Game of Life\\", by John Conway. This is a (computer) model of a two-dimension rule where, with a few simple (fundamental) rules, we can see it generating structure and (apparent) complex laws. This maybe the (almost) perfect analogy on why we should, in the midst of all the complexity of the universe, try to find simple (more fundamental) laws and explanations (even though Hawking does not say it with so many words). This almost saved the book...a few simple (fundamental) rules, we can see it generating structure and (apparent) complex laws. This maybe the (almost) perfect analogy on why we should, in the midst of all the complexity of the universe, try to find simple (more fundamental) laws and explanations (even though Hawking does not say it with so many words). This almost saved the book...
B000AQJPQE|3.0|This would be a really cool toy if it wasn't so noisy.  I bought this for my 6 year-old son for Christmas and we mounted it to the ceiling in his bedroom.  It looks really good and it comes with a cd that tells a little about each planet, I thought the large light-up sun would make a nice night-light.  When we turn it on and the planets start orbiting the sun, it makes a loud rubbing sound almost like it wants to get stuck at a certain point.  Needless to say, it is too loud for the calming night-time effect I was trying to acheive.  There are times during the day he will turn it on and watch it for a bit and he enjoys that.
0375851569|5.0|This reading specialist will tell you right now that these books are a must for beginning readers.<br />In the beginning, rhyming and repetition are the basic foundation blocks for developing reading skills.<br />And whoever said that rereading books was not helpful is just plain wrong! Some kids need the neurological<br />imprinting that happens with both repetition and rereading. Beginning readers really have a running start<br />with these books! So read and reread and reread!!!
0525951652|1.0|Not believable. Really a far stretch the way the characters keep crossing paths in so many places as this huge war goes on and the characters are hollow and not at all convincing.  I found myself saying over and over again, \\"Give me a break and are you kidding.  Follet has done way better, but half of his work is just not believable.
1594202842|5.0|I read Amy Chua's book after work, late into the night because I couldn't put it down and finished it in two sittings, which doesn't happen very often these days.  I loved it and hated it.  At times felt it unashamedly boastful and at other times admired its frankness, humor and insights.  And all the time I couldn't help marveling how someone could make such a complex subject of parenting in America (as an immigrant from a developing country) so simple and interesting and of course, controversial.     At the heart of the \\"Tiger Mother\\" is the tension of raising American children as a Chinese immigrant (though one should keep in mind that Chua herself is a second-generation, Harvard-educated Chinese-American woman married to an equally overachieving American man.)  So Chua's repeated claims of herself as the quintessential \\"Chinese mother,\\" one suspects, are rhetorical ploys to provoke and to entertain, as is her only too obvious willingness to demonize herself in her relationship with her daughters, Sophia and Lulu, and her Occidental husband, Jed.  The point is, she the tiger mother embodies Chinese culture and philosophy of child-rearing, with all its extremes, severity, oppressiveness, unselfishness, devotion, expectations, pains, anxieties, and demand for absolute filial loyalty in return.  What could be more effective, and intriguing, than turning herself, a bright, enlightened Yale Law School professor, into an overgeneralizing, overstating, obsessive, single-minded, tunnel-visioned, unsympathetic character obsessed with her \\"Chinese-ness\\"?    I read the book as a fable with a message for parents in all cultures: When you can, do your best to prepare your children for the future, instill in them a sense of excellence, let them know the feeling of accomplishment, and teach them the importance of hard work.  If Chua had put her message in these words, there wouldn't be this wonderful book that has evoked such strong responses in so many people, would there?I read the book also to realize this:  As a well-to-do second-generation ABC (American Born Chinese), how much more Chua could do for her children than I was able to for my son.  And how elitist her views are about what is considered success and achievement, how privileged a life her daughters are leading and how abundant their opportunities are.  Still, given all the advantages Sophia and Lulu still have to struggle, and struggle mighty hard, to achieve excellence in the instruments they play.  And they need their mother's vision, resolve, resourcefulness and commitment before they are old enough to develop their own.      In the end, Amy Chua holds a mirror up to all parents and challenges us to make the future better by doing our share.  It's a book that doesn't please all but should be read by parents, children, teachers and students alike.  It's a book about tough love.  And Chua's achievement lies in that she has found such a fun way to make everyone think about bringing up our children, one of the most mundane and yet most demanding human enterprises, with the triumphs, pitfalls, ironies, headaches and heartaches and joy that it uniquely brings us.
B004J1DBJI|5.0|Great for college students trying to learn for an exam.   Very useful study tool helps a ton. I found myself using this alot. Very worth the price.
B001VNB54A|4.0|This Miniseries wasn't bad, it has its ups and downs. If your looking for something action packed like Band Of Brothers then don't buy it. This series is more drama filled, like I said it has its intense moments but not as much as B.O.B although i would say if you like B.O.B you will more than likely like this miniseries as well.
B0047Y0FGY|5.0|\\"Bossypants\\" is a funny autobiography by Tina Fey. Her writing is as amusing as the roles she play on TV. From her relatively humble beginnings to being a recognizable and smart writer and comedian, life taught a lot. She is able to recount everything with a good sense of humor, even the moments of desperation and misfortunes of the past.<br /><br />This book is relatively short on length and filled with pictures, making it easy to read and like. The Kindle enhanced version (for most Apple touch devices) contains enjoyable multimedia content that includes both extra material and narration - by Tina - of select chapters.
B004G6009K|4.0|I -love- this movie, I would give it 7 stars if I could.  It's such a wonderful refreshing tale with fun characters, beautiful art, great soundtrack, memorable songs...    However, maybe I'm not as detail-oriented as I think I am -- I took off a star for the DVD package because I don't see anything in the product description page that mentions the requirement to have a 3D TV and 3D blu-ray player. =(    I was SO excited to get this and watch it at home, but I didn't understand that I needed more than 3D glasses.  I have other (granted, slightly older, but still) 3D movies that don't require special players!    So bummed.  I saw it in 3D in the theaters and it was -amazing-.  AMAZING.  Now I'm going to have to wait until I find a friend who has a 3D blu-ray and 3D TV.    ... a quest!    Edit:  Since it's not apparently obvious to other readers, yes, I can watch the online copy, DVD copy, and blu-ray copy (3 of 4 discs).  However, since I don't have a 3D TV and 3D blu-ray player, I can't watch the 3D copy.  I'm disappointed I can't watch the 3D blu-ray copy.  I'm warning other potential buyers who think that they may be able to watch the 3D copy on their regular TVs and regular blu-ray players as a result of this equipment not being mentioned on the product page, and may be equally disappointed.    I'm satisfied with the regular blu-ray copy.  I also am fully capable of sticking DVDs into the machine!  I can also tie my shoes and brush my teeth!  Yay!
0316069353|1.0|I love Michael Connelly, but I will buy a hardcover book not a kindle book.  Amazon is losing this battle.
B0001KZM3O|2.0|Fans of Pink Floyd are mixed regarding The Final Cut, the last Pink Floyd album to include the intact band before splitting up. Following up on the heels of The Wall, the Final Cut is Roger Waters' dirge to his departed father, Fletcher, who was killed in World War II. The Final Cut is an angry, sobbing tribute, with Waters' pathos ringing and clanging throughout. Despite this shameless display, The Final Cut is a superbly executed album. The music is very well recorded, and the mastering is among Pink Floyd's best. The performances are truly good, with excellent musicianship by all members of the band. The Final Cut is a decidedly 80's album, however: many of the topics, including the war in the Falkland Islands and the threat of nuclear war are themes that may not resonate with younger listeners.     In short, The Final Cut is a well-made album technically, but is flawed by Rogers' histrionics. As a Pink Floyd fan, I purchased it and gave it much attention; yet as that same fan, I had quite enough of it soon enough. For me, this album was not merely the Final Cut; it was the last straw.
0307593525|5.0|After living in France I wanted a cookbook that brought back great memories.  I received these cookbooks for Christmas and love them. The recipes outdo my memories...French cooking from the fancy restaurants is now taking place in my home, and for much cheaper!
1594202842|1.0|My friend who is Chinese let's call her \\"Sarah\\" was raised by one of these proud and smug Tiger Mothers, everything was going swimmingly according to plan her daughter was successful and married to a doctor. One day Sarah's idiot husband left her, the Tiger mother accused her daughter of failing as a wife, the divorce was shameful to her and she turned on Sarah like a hungry Tiger now devouring her young. When life gets messy, it isn't all diplomas and trophies, where are they then?
0805091742|5.0|I originally read an excerpt from this book in \\"The Week\\" magazine (January 7, 2010) and subsequently picked up the book. The content is so intriguing, it's easy to whiz through and also fully engaging. In sum, Dr. Gawande is a General Surgeon in the Boston area (among his other talents), and he has proven that checklists in the surgery room -- or hospital routines, or ANY multi-step process -- is MARKEDLY improved with a simple 90-second checklist. Applicable to other industries, as well -- not just medicine, as you can imagine.     A more-than-interesting and notable read which I would highly recommend.
B002ZB26AO|5.0|I'm a big fan of historical fiction. I love to read about far-away places in time or distance. North Korea is certainly one of the latter and is a relic of the seemingly distant totalitarian states that thrived during the 20th century. Unfortunately the stories told in this book are not fiction...they are very real.<br /><br />But North Korea is still a totalitarian state - the people there are completely cut off from the world and are raised from birth to believe their society is the greatest the world has ever known. Demick's book is a remarkable look into the lives of those who have lived through the regimes of Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il - and lived to tell the rest of the world about it.<br /><br />Reading this book will provide perspective to anyone who thinks they have a bad station in life. North Koreans are an unlucky lot - unlucky only because they were born above the 38th parallel. I can't recommend this book highly enough it is deeply informative and moving.
B004J1DBJI|2.0|This app is only about as useful as their mobile site. They could've taken advantage of the search provider features built into Android to let users hit the search button on the phone and do a search against Wolfram Alpha, but their implementation of that function is useless because only searches history and favorites and not Wolfram Alpha. I'm going to keep using the app I download from the Android Market over a year ago (which has since been removed from the Market) that adds a proper Wolfram Alpha search provider.
0810997827|5.0|These were a birthday present for my son.  Unless a book is really interesting it's hard for him to read a book from front to end.  These are the exception.  He loves them.
B004J1DBJI|2.0|so i asked the question, &quot;how long does it take to get to the planet mars.&quot; it returned directions from mars, pennsylvania to the center of the earth. not really what i was looking for, maybe useful once i figure out the words it keys off of but its obviously not using the entire search string i entered.
0470901071|5.0|After trying to prepare for the CCNA on my own I came to the conclusion that I needed a book if I were going to understand the material enough to receive my CCNA.  Having seen Wendells books score high ratings I was going to purchase one of his until I read some of the excerpts from his book.  With all due respect to Wendell his books were simply too dry for me.  Then I checked out Lammle and discovered his books read as if somebody is actually talking to you, as if you're in a conversation with someone.  Having purchased this book it's as immersive as reading a good story and you're learning the whole time.    Todd Lammle fully understands what Cisco expects you to know for your CCNA exam and the seller point for me is the fact that Lammle actually has a gift for teaching it.  His book doesn't read as if hes just reguritating information to you but instead he writes to actually make sure you're understanding the material.  (I've had professors in college teaching CCNA classes that couldn't do this.  And for the record, this book is leaps and bounds better than any college class I've had on Cisco related information).  Even if at some point he comes out of nowhere with new material he'll warn you about it and then he'll cover it later in depth.  I have never at any point felt overwhelmed with the information in the book and he starts with the fundamentals, the building blocks of networking and goes in depth from there.    At the end of every chapter he'll have exam essays, written labs, and review questions to really make sure you understand the material (along with the CD provided).  And to prove Todd wants you to know the material he even has a website you can go to and ask him questions on topics you don't fully understand, or if you feel he might be wrong about something in his book you can talk to him about it.  If fact, if you check out other Lammle books on Amazon, you can see he comments on reviews left by others. That to me shows someone who's really dedicated to teaching the material and is someone I have a lot of respect for these days.    I absolutely recommend this study guide.  You'll learn so much.
B000JJSRNY|5.0|The entire Berlin Concert is beyond beautiful - The orchestra and conductor are exceptional - the selections are outstanding - and the performers just magnificent!! You really cannot ask for more!!! Yes, my family and I just LOVE it....
0743270754|5.0|\\"Lincoln's ability to retain his emotional balance in such difficult situations was rooted in an acute self awareness.\\"<br />-Doris Kearns Goodwin, Team Of Rivals<br /><br />I'm still grinding through this American classic, \\"Team of Rivals - The Political Genius of Abraham Lincoln.\\" The aforementioned quote from Kearns Goodwin comes from Chapter 23 which is titled, \\"There's a Man In It\\", which dissects the subtleties of leadership qualities that were uniquely possessed by both Lincoln and Ulysses S. Grant.<br /><br />It's an outstanding chapter in American history to reflect upon not only because of its constitutional gravity - \\"give me liberty or give me death\\" - but because it reminds us that this country is built on the backs of American character and resolve. What you are seeing from the said-leaders of US Government today looks nothing like it. These pretending patriots remind me more of pigs at a trough than Leaders At The Front.<br /><br />Doris Kearns Goodwin blesses America with context in this tribute to the kind of American Leadership we can all believe in.<br /><br />KM
0553381687|5.0|I have never read a fantasy series before ever! i love sci-fi and horror but never got into the fantasy. I actually became interested in the series because of the upcoming show on HBO! Game of thrones was excellent. My favorite character is Arya! I love this little girl. I also really like Tyrion.
B002ZG980U|1.0|Purchased as NEW, received movie, packaging was obviously not New, the seal was missing, the case had been what appeared to be smashed.  Viewed movie, halfway through it began freezing, unable to finish watching film.  Vendor informed, gave small refund...
B004ISVH5W|4.0|This is a very good disk and there's not a dull spot on the entire album.  I have no idea where the bad reviewers are coming from.  I've been listening to it daily ever since it hit my ears.  It's one of my favorite new disk that I've listened to in a while (and I go through a lot of music).  I put this disk up there with Alone With Everybody and Human Conditions.  If you like the Ricker's other stuff then you'll like this one.
B0042MEQVG|2.0|Purchased NEW movie, received obviously used product.  no outer case, no Manufacturer seal.  Fortunately the movie was not damaged.  Loved the Movie, disappointed with the misrepresentation of the product.
B004J1DBJI|5.0|THIS APP IS AMAZING IT DOES IT ALL. IT CAN TELL YOU THE NUTRIENTS IN YOUR MEAL SO YOU CAN STAY AWAY FROM GETTING FLUFFY ALL I CAN SAY IS WHY ARE YOU READING THIS... JUST PRESS DOWNLOAD NOW AND LIVE A LITTLE .... LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS APP. BOUGHT IT IN MARKET TO SUPPORT DEVS EVEN THO IT WAS FREE TODAY ON AMAZON... KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK I LOVE THIS APP.
B001K3ENEA|4.0|I wanted this for my simple home recording that I normally do. These headphones sound great for what I need!
B00354Y9ZU|5.0|Most people are unhappy, but they do little about it.    If your unhappiness stems from your work, then this is definitely the book to read.  Godin shows us how to become not only an ideal employee, but an indispensible one.    Furthermore, he inspires us to move forward with our ideas and conquer our fears.  Even if you feel you are the type of person who is not the most original and creative, this book will still inspire you to pursue the creativity you do have and make the most of your talents.    Life is sometimes about taking a small step for man-kind, but a giant leap for a man (or woman).  As the author puts it:  \\"The linchpin is an individual who can walk into chaos and create order, someone who can invent, connect, create and make things happen.\\"  Since the dawn of the Industrial age at the beginning of the 19th century, there has been a general agreement between employers and employees: you provide the work, we provide the wages.  Worker rights that expanded in the nearly two centuries since then still exist, but technological advances, compounded by outsourcing have made today's work environment less stable than it has ever been in the modern age.  Even those of us who have a stable job end up doing mindless, boring and unfulfilling tasks with little to no job satisfaction beyond the pay-check.    There is an alternative: to become a linchpin.  A linchpin is a person who cannot be easily replaced, made redundant or outsourced.  This is not due to their position, but their actual abilities.  A linchpin is someone who is enthusiastic when surrounded by naysayers, stands out in a crowd, is the person people turn to when the need help.  This is also the person the company will lay off last, while the rest of the department was let go long ago.  None of this implies the linchpin is always at the top or has a special position, but rather does the `emotional labor' that requires thought and toughness whereas others will choose the easy, obedient path.  Godin states that the linchpin is the artist, using \\"bravery, insight, creativity and boldness to challenge the status quo.\\"  Godin says: \\"We've been culturally brainwashed to believe that accepting the hierarchy and lack of responsibility that comes with a factory job is the one way, the only way and the best way.\\"  Evolution has given us a brain, but since that brain has evolved, this means we carry the baggage of all of our ancestors, including our reptilian ones.  It is this reptilian aspect of our brains which controls our `fight or flight' response and dictates quite a bit of our lives, including our desire for a stable but meaningless job.  It is difficult, but extremely rewarding to overcome this desire, and the first step is recognizing it exists.  Once you establish that you have a fear of failure, standing out and taking risks, you can work to overcome it.    You might also experience anxiety, which is the fear of something before it happens.  Again, this is a product of our evolution and has only been reinforced in the modern age in our working lives.  We have two basic responses to anxiety: assurance or acceptance.  Assurance sounds like the better answer, but it typically is not.  What usually happens is you assure yourself that everything will be alright...as long as things stay the same.  If you accept your anxiety, you will get used to it, and learn to ignore it.  Soon you will learn that nothing will stand in your way.  Becoming a linchpin, as Godin says: \\"You can either fit in or stand out. Not both. You are either defending the status quo or challenging it.\\"  1. Perspective- not only does your outlook shape your reality, but if you take someone else's outlook, or even everyone else's outlook, you can see things as they really are.  2. Acceptance- things typically do not turn out as we expect, and many things change unexpectedly.  Accepting that we have little to no influence over these things is important.  3. Inspiring- if your company is to believe theycannot do without you, you have to be creative, take a fresh approach and every day make a difference.  Inspire yourself!  4. Create- you don't need to cure cancer, make a better wheel or paint the Mona Lisa to be creative.  Linchpins create things that make the world, relationships and everything around them better.  I hope this review has been helpful.
1423113381|2.0|As a sixth grade teacher, I understand why this book will do okay with kids.  Often I'm told that kids are very discerning, but--and perhaps it's just the students I teach--they're not.  In social science, I teach about ancient civilizations.  So when I read the Percy Jackson series, and introduced it to the rest of the class as a way to tap into ancient Greece, it was a big hit.  The kids and I loved it.  When I heard about his second series, The Lost Hero, and another chance to tap into Roman gods, I dove into the book and loved the characters and the plot.  The only reason I found the Kane series is because I found out that the other books of the Lost Hero weren't yet published and wouldn't be completed until 2014!  I didn't want to wait that long to read more of his work.<br /><br />I'm sorry I did.  At first, I thought that perhaps this was Mr. Riordan's first book ever.(As a published author myself, I know what a first book reads like).  It had that first book feeling, with lots of first book mistakes in it, the one-dimensional characters, the very predictable plot, (even for a kid's book) and the annoying comments by the siblings to each other as they \\"recorded\\" their story.  But finding out that it wasn't his first work, I have to admit, I'm very disappointed.<br /><br />I, too, managed to get through it but it took me over a week (in contrast, I read all five of Percy Jackson's in under a week!).  This is a shame.  This book feels like he was pressured to put out another novel so that \\"Egypt is covered, too.\\"  It doesn't feel like Mr. Riordan's heart was in it at all.<br /><br />That said, I don't plan on abandoning it.  I still believe my students will read it and take from it some important lessons about ancient Egyptian life.  And when teaching writing, I'll use it as a lesson on what NOT to do when writing a story.<br /><br />Sigh.  I hope the second book gets better.  It couldn't possibly get worse.
B003UESJH4|5.0|Albert, Duke of York is the second son of HM King George V. Because he is Royalty he is asked to do speeches periodically. There is only one problem-he has stammered his whole life. It embarrasses and frustrates him.<br /><br />The movie opens in the 1920's. He is asked to give a speech at the closing of the English Exhibition. He can barley get through it though because he stammers so much.<br /><br />Over the years he goes through many therapies to try to cure him of his stammer (including smoking, which kills him)<br /><br />After another unsuccessful therapy session he tells his wife Elizabeth (the Queen Mum) that he does not want to go threw that again. Not heeding her husbands demand she gets the name of Lionel Logue, a speech therapist from Australia.<br /><br />Using some unconventional methods of therapy the two become friends. Logue helps Bertie (the Duke's nickname) when it becomes apparent that his elder brother David or Edward VIII will abdicate to marry his mistress Wallis Simpson.<br /><br />In the end Bertie becomes King George VI and must make a speech when it becomes evident that Hitler wants a war. Logue comes to the Palace to help George practice it and later stands beside him as he gives the speech.<br /><br />Overall a great movie. Colin Firth did a great job as Bertie, and deserved the Oscar he got. Geoffry Rush as Lionel Logue was also good. The two had great chemistry together and I loved the scene when giving the speech Logue is mouthing the cuss words Bertie used while practicing the speech to help him relax.
B002ZG97E2|2.0|I found this story to be trite and dull and lacking in any of the humanity that I have come to love and cherish with the Pixair movies.  Despicable Me is dull and that is its worst failing.  It has characters which are even more cartoonish than you would find in a cartoon. I found the plot very dull and difficult to follow.  Not because it was overly complex, but due to the fact it was just so poorly written.     I also disliked the fact that the film lacked the genuine humanity of such great films as Toy Story or Wall-E or any of the Pixair movies.  Those films have a level of humanity which is completely lacking in this film.  If you get this for free it's worth your time. Otherwise it's not a very good movie.
0307592839|3.0|I would give this book 1 star but my dislike for this book might be partly my fault.  I did not try hard. The story did not seem worth the effort.
0307454541|5.0|I love this book!  I thought it was a great read!  It was recommended to me, but some people didn't like it too much.  However, I really enjoyed it. I would definitely recommend this book!
B002ZG97E2|5.0|My 4 year old niece zooms in on any TV in any store if the Minions are on.  I enjoyed the movie and I really like the mini movies with the Minions.    Maybe they will turn the Minions into a Nicolodeon series like they did the Penguins of Madagascar?
0316056863|5.0|Whether you agree or disagree with her opinions, many of the ones expressed more to make you laugh than outline a platform, she is an excellent writer. If you have any sense of humor at all, you cannot read this book without laughing out loud numerous times. The main shortcoming is that she makes Alex B almost a saint. Sure he's talented, but he's the only one, including her husband and child, who make it through the book without one critical comment. That aside-read the book-it's a great work.
B0001ADAVK|5.0|this movie is set in 1953-1954 and tells the story of a teacher and some of her students.<br /><br />Katherine Ann Watson came to Wellesley College from California to teach art history. Coming from California she has a more progressive attitude about life and feels that some of the students that she begins to bond with are not reaching their potential and are just there to bide their time until they are married.<br /><br />First there is Elizabeth \\"Betty\\" Warren-a real know it all that gets married while in her class. She  skips several classes afterward which gets Katherine angry. Soon though Betty's friends realize that things are not going so smoothly with the marriage and she ends up leaving her husband.<br /><br />Joan Brandwyn is really smart and Katherine thinks that she would make a good lawyer. Joan however is not sure and while she applied to Yale Law, she decided to give it up to marry her boyfriend.<br /><br />Giselle Levy wants a man. The only problem is that man is Bill Dunbar-an Italian Professor who is interested in Katherine.<br /><br />Connie Baker gets set up with Betty's cousin Charlie. Things do not go so smoothly though and she blames Betty.<br /><br />Over the year the movie takes place you watch Katherine and her class grow and change as they deal with love, loss, and art.<br /><br />Very interesting movie with a great cast.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|Too good to be true but it is so true. Hard to believe the fantastic world around us is so organized and balanced. Humans r the only Ones to stile imbalance in this perfect world
B004J1DBJI|2.0|Perhaps I have no need to try the math ability of this and perhaps that is where this app really shines. So far I've done about 6 searches for various things relevant to me and my life (psychology, my new daughter, etc) and I've only received 1 response worth a salt. The rest fared less than a Google search.<br />If I had paid for this app I would be asking for my money back. Since its free today, no big deal.
030745455X|5.0|This book was great!  I like it much better than the first book....and I did like the first one.  Lisbeth Salander is a great character in which you learn more about in this book.  I definitely would recommend this book...I couldn't put it down!
B004D7GU3M|5.0|Just by holding this LP in your hands, you feel chills from one of Kanye West's most critically acclaimed masterpieces!
B0008ENHUI|5.0|It's been a long time since I have seen this movie. It is just as I remembered. Full of action as the strong will of Steve McQueen to obtain freedom encourages him to push on.
B00004YA66|5.0|In 1969 Francis \\"Frank\\"  Sullivan is a married man with a 9 year old child named John. He is a firefighter, and while out on a call dies.<br /><br />His death affects John deeply. In 1999 John is a cop working with Satch-who was one of Franks good friends. They uncover a body of a woman who was murdered by the \\"nightingale\\" Murderer about the time of Franks death-which forces them to reopen the case.<br /><br />In both 1969 and 1999 there is a solar flare. In 1969 Frank comments to someone on his ham radio that he can talk to people that he normally would not be able to because of the flare.<br /><br />In 1999- days before the 30th anniversary of Frank's death- John's friend Gordo finds the ham radio and they plug it in. Soon John is talking to someone on the radio.<br />This movie is about the relationship between a father and son that spans time and death.<br /><br />After several conversations John realizes that he is actually talking to his dad-and he warns him about the fire that kills him-not realizing that by doing that it will change the past in ways neither of them can imagine.<br /><br />One way was the nightingale murderer. In the first history he only killed 3 women, but after Frank survives it turned out he killed many more. Frank and John work as a team to try to catch the guy who did it and try to save the women who died.<br /><br />All in all a great-feel good movie
B004ETVAH0|2.0|This album is a bit of a let down and more of a novelty than something I would play over and over. The choice of songs could have been better but the musicians and vocals are all high quality. I expected the guitar work to be way more adventurous and I guess the saving of the album is Imelda's vocals when it should be the guitar sound.
B0000C9JCM|3.0|Overall a good buy.  I would have liked an electric guitar version such as some of them floating on the Internet.
B004G600A4|3.0|what was the rave about this movie? I expected so much from it and thought that it would give me a \\"wow\\" effect. Turns out it is just an OK animated movie, especially i didn't expect it to be a musical and the song choices were so so. Even though I do like the lantern concept that was used in the story, i was never very into it throughout the movie. It's not bad, i guess, but it wont be a classic..
B004J1DBJI|4.0|everytime I search something the app force closes, and some stuff does not load. please update to stop &quot;force close&quot;. Other than that its a great app!  ~ HTC Thunderbolt
B00008CMR6|5.0|Another one of John Wayne's true classics.
B0015DROBO|5.0|I must say that I was pleasantly surprised. I normally do not read this type of book but decided to take the plunge because I had heard so many great things about it. The beginning was a bit slow and I was starting to get disappointed but once Lisbeth emerged it was on! It had all the makings of a great book: intrigue, passion, murder, mystery...etc.
B002OPYUSM|5.0|Community is a writers show. It almost feels like an exercise for professional TV watchers. They deftly explore tropes and modern conventions that most viewers take for example. I cannot recommend this show enough. Definitely one of the smartest shows on television today.
B004J1DBJI|5.0|I use this app for computations all the time and it's awesome?.  I find it funny that people are using it as a search engine.  Wolfram is definitely a mathetlmatical resource first and foremost.
1439102937|4.0|I only read this book because the members of my book club voted for it in a poll. I had no desire to read it, based partly on some assumptions of what the book was about, but based mostly on many bad reviews. Many reviewers complained that the book lacked a plot line. I completely disagree. The story is about three women who, approaching 30 years old, think they are supposed to accomplish something major by that milestone, i.e. marriage and kids. In the course of a year, they come to discover what they really need is to be true to themselves and mindful of their own needs and desires, regardless of their age. Was the plot what one would consider 'high-concept? No, but in my opinion, it didn't matter because it captured and maintained my interest and I was fully invested in the characters. A few reviewers expressed a lack of relatability with the characters. Again, I do not share this opinion. Of the three main characters, I found myself relating to two of them. One had difficulty letting go, jumping in and taking risks, mostly with men, because she was often self-conscious and let fear get in her way. I don't know many people who haven't been paralyzed by fear at some point in their lives. I know I have. The other seemed to have so many blessings, yet she wasn't really happy and felt trapped. It is sometimes difficult to admit to others, and sometimes to ourselves that what is perfect on paper isn't right for us - I have been there as well. (I did not find anything relatable about the third character, a Brazilian drop-dead gorgeous sex goddess who used her sex appeal to get whatever she wanted and whined whenever her friends got attention from men. She was extremely conceited and it bothered me that her ability to be a good friend seemed to be dependent on being able to one-up the other characters. I really didn't see much of a character arc there and her story-line was definitely my least favorite.) Some reviewers complained that the book lacked depth. With all duerespect to those people, the book cover, an image of a stiletto sandal, is highly indicative of the light/fun nature of the story, as is the title. If the reviewer was looking for a deep, thought-provoking novel, he/she should not have chosen that book in the first place. I suppose it could have delved deeper into the psyches of the main characters, but I'm not certain it would have made me enjoy the read any more/less. My only complaint about the book was that a major story-line was concluded through a character telling the reader what happened in a flash-back. I would have much rather have seen it play-out and I definitely felt gypped. I also would have chosen a different happy ending for one of the characters than the one chosen by the author. Despite my premature assumptions, I really enjoyed this book and am happy it was chosen for my book club.
B004L3AR0K|4.0|It was a good story , too many sex sence. It was not necsessary with the story. I like it
6305754969|5.0|This is one of my all time favorite westerns. Good anytime viewing. Robert Michum is absolutely wonderful in his role.
B0047Y17P2|1.0|I understand if Michael Connelly is your favorite author and you absolutely must have this latest book.  Fine, buy the hard back.  Don't be the fool and buy the kindle version.
B0047Y17P2|1.0|i never write reviews but i have to agree with all the reviewers here. we shelled out more money to buy an e-book reader to a) save the environment and b) save a few bucks.    it is absolutely absurd when the hardcover edition is cheaper than the e-book. sure, the costs of actually printing a book are minimal but that is the only excuse a publisher has for pricing the hardcover higher than the e-book.    while i like michael connelly, from now on i will ONLY be getting his books from the library to protest this corporate greed.
B004K4IZ3G|5.0|This was a great movie it has plenty of action and beautiful graphics to keep you intrigued.  If you love tech movies with computers turning evil you will love this movie.  This movie is great on Blu Ray and looks and sounds amazing.  I saw this movie in Theatres in 3D, but actually like it better in 2D (even at the theatres it states it does not have full 3D throughout the movie).  My only nit picky thing is that the movie often changes between filling the screen and having black bars on top and bottom throughout the movie (it tells you at the beginning it tries to preserve the IMAX size for some parts).  -- So that it sort of weird...  In all it is a fun movie, has plenty of action to keep everyone engaged, and is safe for kids (no language, just a little violence)!  Highly recommend, and also if you have not seen the original Tron movie it has also been released on Blu Ray!!!  So this way you can see the earlier story.  Although, you do not need to know the original movie to follow the new one, but it would help identifying characters easier, since most are the same from the original!
B000001GAM|5.0|Bruckner: Symphonie No. 9 is a recording under the direction of  Giulini who leads the Wiener Philharmoniker on this Deutsche Grammophon recording from 1989. Peter Branscombe has written the music notes. One can clearly hear the influence by Wagner and the result is an amazing symphony. Highly recommended. 5/5.
B004IH0TS4|5.0|I love this book! Greek mythology with a modern twist. I really enjoy Rick Riordan's books! He includes mystery, suspense, and humor all in this one book! I suggest this series to anyone who asks me what they should read, and most who do read it love it
B00005UO5Z|1.0|I was unaware that movies come in different regions.  I purchased this movie which doesn't play on my dvd due to incorrect region and I cannot return it, cause that is not a valid reason
B003L77GGK|5.0|I have been watching Supernatural since the show started in 2005.  Its the only show on televison of its kind and it has become my all time favorite.  Supernatural blends together seamlessly the sci-fi, horror genre with healthy amounts of drama and sarcastic comedy weaved in thats is very unique.  The action is in my opinion feature film quality and the monsters this season are to die for ranging from djinns, to shape-shifters, vampires, faires, dragons, demons and the Mother of All baddies, Eve from Purgatory.  We are still waiting to see how the Mother of All mystery continues to unfold, but so far its been wild.     In season six you will get to see Sam's dramatic struggle over his very soul while dealing with the introduction of the Campbell family.  Dean's couragous attempts to help his brother while dealing with his own family drama with Lisa and Ben.  The first episode directed by Jensen Ackles all about great supporting character Bobby Singer called Weekend at Bobbys.  Along with all that you'll get to see Sexy Sammy shirtless in Third Man, Dean getting abducted by fairies and turned into a vampire, the first Old West episode where Winchesters finally meet Samuel Colt the maker of the very special Colt gun the boys used, and a super hilarious meta episode where Sam and Dean enter the real world of Jared, Jensen and Misha the actors behind the scenes of this great drama.      Yet, still at its core continues to be the relationship between Sam and Dean, especially in episodes like the premiere Exile on Main Street or Like A Virgin.  That is what you will find the most thrilling is after all these two boys have been through over the years the Winchester brothers chemistry is undeniable and unbreakable.  It will have you begging for more.  I definitely want to see a Season 7.        The brothers are modern day cowboys with stunning good looks and even better acting talent to boot especially when you add in the incomparable Jim Beaver as the loveable grumpy Bobby Singer and the endearing Misha Collins  as the confused angel Castiel you have a team free will that can't be stop.  Not to mention they ride around in the coolest Metallicar on the road a black 1967 Chevy Impala it would make the General Lee jealous lol.  Overall, Supernatural Season 6 is Back In the Saddle Again with enough crazy angst ridden adventures to keep you guessing where the show will go next.
B0047Y17P2|1.0|I fully agree with the sentiments of Leland Phillips, above, who points out that this forum is the only one in which we may complain about the outrageous pricing of e-books by their publishers.  I haven't read this book, and won't until I obtain it at my local used book store, Bookman's in Tucson, AZ.  When I saw the trend in pricing e-books just after the Kindle was introduced, I determined that I would not purchase any e-reader until the price for an e-book reached parity with used paperbacks, or roughly 50% of the paperbacks list price.  Considering the minimal costs to produce and distribute an e-book, I think my position is more than reasonable.  I am a voracious reader, and maintain an unread library of more than 250 paperbacks which I update frequently at Bookmans.  Though Michael Connelly is one of my top three favorite authors, I can easily out wait his greedy publisher and all others similarly situated that believe they can ripoff the reading public.
B0002VFXFE|5.0|This is all you need to ever use for cpu's,Ive tried all the others and always come back to this.
142311339X|5.0|I thought he couldn't top the Percy Jackson Series or even come close to it's greatness, but he did. This book is amazing. Once you get into it it's more like you are in the book than actually reading it. It isn't just for kids 9-12 either. I'm 19 and i love this book. There is mystery, drama, and humor all packed into one book.
0792844882|5.0|Even though it won the Razzie Awards, it is a good movie. You just have to concentrate on the two stars, Elizabeth Berkley and Gina Gershon they are superb in their characters, I just loved the way they acted.
B004J1DBJI|3.0|Allows free form input of questions, but then seems to focus upon ONE word within the question and give a definition...  Granted, I haven't used it for more than two searches, but it seems it isn't the be-all-end-all question answerer it claims to be.  But for free it is definitely worth giving it a try and seeing if it has a useful purpose that I'm overlooking.
0307593495|3.0|It's hard to write a comment without including some spoilers.      Like so many others, I yearned for another Wallander story, and when it finally came, I could not wait to read it.  However, when I closed the covers of what appears to be the last of the Wallanders, I was disappointed.  In this book, Wallander is a tired, dispirited 60 year old man with serious health issues, who dreads a future of loneliness.  He acts and thinks like a far older man.  There was some meanspiritedness in the way that former important characters were dealt with, including some views about his own father's paintings.  What glimmers of optimism and hope that can be gleaned, are found in his new grandchild.  The plot was not very solid and there was a lot of traveling back and forth (there has been a lot of that in Mr. Mankell's recent novels).  Just as you were getting into the rhythm of the story, he'd be off on another journey.  I came to feel sorry for his dog, Jussi, always being left with the neighbors.        The story was touching and there was much of the fine writing that had propelled the series to international fame.  Of course people age and life's disappointments accumulate and weigh a person down.  One expects this.  But the mood of the book was sad and almost unrelentingly hopeless.  Did Mr. Mankell himself become tired of his hero?  Did he resent the clamoring for yet another Wallander book and decide to punish his character and his readers all at the same time?  I don't insist on a happy ending, but I can't help but think that the readers who came to love these stories and who liked and admired the character, deserved a better finale than this.
B004J1DBJI|5.0|Just a great product. I thought about giving it 4 stars since I paid for it and it is now free but I prefer to think of it as being the price of an early adopter.
B001SRC9P8|4.0|i have to admit I started watching the tv show before I read the books, so this might have been a five star review if I had read the books first. Personally I like the tv series better, but don't get me wrong the books are really good too. They made the tv series different enough for the books to still be suspenseful and interesting.
B004EBT5CU|5.0|If you liked 19, you will love 21. I never heard of Adele before, until I heard Make You Feel My Love, now I'm hooked. Her voice is wonderful. You won't be disappointed in 21.
B00000IQW5|5.0|A movie with limited special effects, no monsters/blood/guts, no firearms and only one brief explosion. How could this movie possibly be good? It isn't good ... it's terrific. A story about pilots and people that care. It has all the elements of a movie that can be enjoyed time and time again. Sometimes the movie makers just get it right.
B003ZSJ212|2.0|Do I want the movies to go to blu-ray? Yes. Do I want the new \\"better\\" versions? No. I liked the movies the way they were before Lucas \\"enhanced\\" them, thereby eliminating the appeal for me.<br /><br />Will I buy these on blu-ray? No. Not without the original versions. I have the originals on DVD--and even threw out the \\"enhanced\\" versions, in favor of the ones I saw when I was a kid.<br /><br />So, until Lucas changes his mind (what little there is of it--he's a nut, if you ask me), I will not migrate to blu-ray for these inferior versions--even if they are on blu-ray. I'll stick to the old tried-and-true versions--where Han shot first--and YES, I care about that, because having Greedo shoot first totally alters Han's image--for the worse.<br /><br />So you go ahead & go for the blu-ray. Even if the quality isn't at the top of the heap for the old ones, I'll stick with them instead.
B004NSULHM|5.0|Radiohead is at its best when they explore, and refuse to get tangled up in what amateur reviewers expect of them; After all Ok Computer was about exploring & would never have come about if they stayed the course, and sucked up to their fans; AKA Coldplay!!!<br /><br />That said King of Limbs explores the outer realms of music and deliver an absolute, albeit too short GEM! I'm giving this album its 20th spin, the ride is truly a chill relaxing one! So pour a glass of your fav drink, let Radiohead take you for an Adventure!<br /><br />Fav song is Separator!
0545265355|5.0|This is one of the best purchases I've ever made from Amazon. This series of books is so captivating, I read all three in one weekend! Collins is a great author who knows how to create memorable characters that really grow on the reader. It's a quick but enthralling read that I think any age can enjoy.
B000FVNX2Q|3.0|I have been using an HP-12C literally 6-7 days a week for over thirty years, and I average 5-8 years per calculator.  However the keys on the platinum verison I just received operate poorly.  I purchased this platinum model in March 2011 because I had just about worn out several of the keys on my older model.  However, this new model is barely a step above the 8 year old one I have just about worn out.  The feel reminds me of a cheap imitation.
0316069353|1.0|I like legal thrillers, but sadly will never read this one because the kindle version is more expensive than the HARDCOVER!!!!!!
B004K4IZ54|1.0|On 4-6-11 I updated the firmaware on my PS3, which plays 3D movies fine and it will not play this movie. I also have a Panasonic Blu-ray player that plays 3D movies just fine and this movie would not play on that player either. After inserting the 3D Blue-ray disc is: \\"The disc has recognized that your player does not support 3D playback. To begin your 3D experience, please insert this disc into a 3D-enabled Blu-ray player and connect to a 3D-enabled TV display with an HDMI cable, or insert your disc into a 3D-enabled computer with a Blu-ray drive.\\"  I had the exact same message on both players and tried both players several times. Then on the folling day the movie played, in 3D, on the Panasonic but would not play in 3D on the PS3. The Pansonic did not have an ethernet cable pluged into it so it was not hooked up to the internet...thus ruling out an overnight firmware update causing the movie to now play in 3D.     THE ONLY REASON I BOUGHT THIS WAS FOR THE 3D EFFECT.
B004G6009U|5.0|My 4 yr old daughter just loves this movie!  And the witty banter makes it interesting for mom to watch too!
B004J1DBJI|5.0|I fell in love with this &quot;facts search engine&quot; long ago, getting it for free for my android feels freaking great. Keep up the good work Amazon.
B00005N6KG|5.0|I'm still using them, I recommend it if you don't like bluetooth connections
B004S5D3B6|2.0|Not a treat for the boxing fan, it's just too dramatic and focuses on the family drama surrounding a crack addict. There's barely any action, suspense, romance, or comedy in it (or boxing for that matter). The best part of the film is the original HBO footage of the older brother fighting. The preview is a huge spoiler too, I can't recommend this film, it's mildly entertaining with a good cast, but the parts of the story they choose to focus on were quite unappealing for a boxing fan like me. The choreographed fight scenes are pretty unrealistic as well, all in all left me with a bad taste in my mouth.
0452289963|5.0|I've read many books in my time, but this is my bible for todays living, I can truly see the light now, trying not to speak from to much ego.
0307593495|4.0|I can unreservedly recommend each and every Kurt Wallander mystery leading up to this one. But whether or not you should read The Troubled Man depends on your tolerance for depressing events. I almost wish I hadn't read it. On the other hand, I have to admire the novel for the high quality of the writing and plotting.<br /><br />Once again Wallander is in trouble at the office. Forced to take time off, Wallander is momentarily a man of leisure. But being a born cop, he starts investigating a case on his own. The crime, if it's a crime, is close to home. The father of his daughter's partner has disappeared. Hkan von Enke simply never came back from a walk.<br /><br />A retired submarine commander, von Enke turns out to have a dubious chapter in his past. Wallander is only a provincial cop from Ystad, but he gets to the heart of the mystery more surely than the Swedish secret police and the Stockholm police.<br /><br />There's no question that Henning Mankell is a great crime writer. Offering us this final chapter of Wallander's career took considerable courage.
B0002C4JE4|5.0|Great CD, recommend it if you love James Taylor
B0047Y17P2|1.0|Michael Connelly hopefully is astute enough to track these comments about the egregious overpricing of his Kindle edition and correct it. I was ready to BUY but will not due to the seeming greed. Wake up Mr Connelly. You're not that good.
B004J1DBJI|1.0|I couldnt think of anything to search for so I tried to fimd my fav band. I typed in 'the guess who' and it couldnt find them. i saw an option to change to a music category so i selected it. still NOTHING. it said the app was under developement!  i think i will stick with Google, they have yet to fail me. Very unsatisfied with this program. It does math just fine but if you want to know anything else you shouldnt use it. all it kept finding for me was some movie.
0061474355|5.0|Young readers will particularly find this book a good read, though I also as an adult enjoyed it. Nix does a very good job at creating a newish fantasy world (newish because some elements overlap other books, which is bound to happen in all fantasy novels written today). I very much liked his attention to details. The newer elements are really quite good: the gates, the river, the bells, etc. The characters also are well developed and likable, while the antagonists are sufficiently evil to warrant their eventual demise (this is really not a spoiler since evil is always vanquished in the end of any young people novel worth reading). I recommend it to all readers, especially lovers of fantasy but not limited to them.
B003O86FMW|5.0|I have read all her books and watched the movie.  The book is alot better of course.  Looking forward seeing the next movie.
B0036EH3UC|5.0|This review is specifically for the new packaging of the series on DVD, not the show itself. (That's already reviewed enough.)<br /><br />I had been watching the complete series prices because it was too expensive for me, so was figuring I'd need to wait another year or two to buy the set. I happened to check one day when it was on sale for only slightly more than a hundred bucks, so decided to go for it. But I was a bit hesitant because of all the complaints about the cardboard disc holders. (I've experienced scratching problems with other shows in cardboard slots.)<br /><br />I was delighted to find that they are now packaging the series in plastic cases! So here's how the set is presented and what's included:<br /><br />A very sturdy cardboard case holds the entire set. Each of the four seasons are separated into their own lighter cardboard slip cases. Each season case holds plastic slim cases in which each disc is stored.<br /><br />Season One:<br />* 5 discs<br />* Includes the original mini-series on the first disc<br /><br />Season Two (Includes season 2.0 and 2.5):<br />* 6 discs<br />* Includes both the aired and extended versions of the Pegasus episode. (Note that the extended version is on the first disc of season 2.5.)<br /><br />Season Three:<br />* 6 discs<br />* Includes aired and extended versions of Unfinished Business episode<br /><br />Season Four (includes 4.0 and 4.5):<br />* 8 discs<br />* The Razor TV movie is on disc one<br />* The case for 4.0 disc 4 also includes a disc for the TV movie The Plan. (You can decide to watch it then or save it for after you're done with the regular series episodes.)<br />* Includes aired and extended versions for A Disquiet Follows My Soul and Islanded in the Stream of Stars<br />* The last disc has the aired versions of the three part finale (Daybreak) and also includes an extended version of the three as a single episode you can watch like a movie.<br /><br />There are bonus features scattered throughout the discs, so check that menu item on each disc (or the back of the slim case) to see what is available. Even if you're normally not into DVD extras, you gotta watch What the Frak is Going on With Battlestar Galactica on season 4.5 disc 1. It's the most hilarious series recap I've ever seen.<br /><br />The set does not include a separate episode list, you just get the info listed on the back of each slim case.<br /><br />If you're like me and choose each episode individually to watch as you go along, pay close attention to which discs contain the extended episodes if you want to watch those versions. On some case listings they're included in the main episode list on the back, in some they're only listed down in the bonus features section. I didn't notice that change in the season four discs so missed seeing there were extended eps so only watched the aired versions.<br /><br />This new packaging of the complete series gets a big thumbs up from me. Though I'd rate it as 4.5 stars, the half star taken off for not including a complete episode and TV movie list booklet.you're normally not into DVD extras, you gotta watch What the Frak is Going on With Battlestar Galactica on season 4.5 disc 1. It's the most hilarious series recap I've ever seen.    The set does not include a separate episode list, you just get the info listed on the back of each slim case.    If you're like me and choose each episode individually to watch as you go along, pay close attention to which discs contain the extended episodes if you want to watch those versions. On some case listings they're included in the main episode list on the back, in some they're only listed down in the bonus features section. I didn't notice that change in the season four discs so missed seeing there were extended eps so only watched the aired versions.    This new packaging of the complete series gets a big thumbs up from me. Though I'd rate it as 4.5 stars, the half star taken off for not including a complete episode and TV movie list booklet.
0375842209|5.0|Liesel Meminger lived in Germany during World War II.  She stole, at her younger brother's graveside, the Gravedigger's Handbook. Liesel could not read but she took the book to her guardians' home, Rosa and Hans Hubermann, who lived in Molching. Liesel continued to steal books when possible. She has learned to love the printed word. I could relate to that. As a teenager, The Germans invaded and occupied Poland. They deported me to forced labor and concentration camps in Germany. There were no books or any other reading material. During three years in captivity, finding a discarded newspaper, at the working place, was for me a serendipitous incident.<br /><br />Markus Zusak writing is unique and innovative. It took me a little while to get used to his style. Similar to Sarah's Key, by Tatiana De Rosnay, The Book Thief is a brilliant work of fiction, but many mentioned events were nonfiction.  Zusak gives the reader a glimpse on life in Nazi Germany, where his parents grew up. The Jesse Owen Incident is illustrative of Hitler's racist attitude. During the 1936 Summer Olympics, Owens won four gold medals. He was the most successful athlete at those Olympics. Hitler refused to shake Jesse's hand because Jesse was black and thus considered to be subhuman (untermentch). When Rudy Steiner, a German young boy, told his father \\"I wish I was like Jesse Owens\\" His father's response was\\" You have got beautiful blond hair and big blue eyes. You should be happy with that!\\" It is shocking and sad to read that \\"In 1933, ninety percent of Germans showed unflinching support for Adolf Hitler. \\"Germany was a nation of hate-fed bigots.... The Germans loved to burn synagogues.... and of course books (p84). Flames of burning books were cheered like heroes. Celebrating Hitler's birthday on April 20, 1940 was a day full of burning. Hans's son, Hans junior, told his father \\"you are either for the F&uuml;hrer or against him..It is pathetic- how a man can stand by and do nothing as a whole nation cleans out the garbage and makes itself great.\\"<br /><br />The exhibits in the German Historical Museum, which opened in Berlin in October 2010, are indicative that many ordinary Germans had often celebrated Hitler; they enabled him to carry out his military objectives and the extermination of Jews and others. Most Germans nurtured and empowered Hitler. We see in many documentaries cheering crowds, demonstrations of popular support; images of young and old adoring Hitler. The young visitors to the museum are asking now their parents and grandparents: \\"Daddy, grandpa where were you? How could you let it happen; why did  you not resist Hitler's Holocaust?\\"<br /><br />Still, there were Germans, lionhearted individuals, who followed the dictates of their conscience. Hans Hubermann did not join the Nazi party; he risked his life to save a Jew. He remembered that his life was saved during WWI by Eric Vandenburg a Jewish soldier. That soldier's son, Max came to his house seeking shelter. Hans could have been arrested and killed for rescuing a Jew. As the story unravels, we see how paranoia prevailed in Hitler's Germany. Eventually, Hitler's love for hatred and conquest of foreign lands failed him.out the garbage and makes itself great.\\"    The exhibits in the German Historical Museum, which opened in Berlin in October 2010, are indicative that many ordinary Germans had often celebrated Hitler; they enabled him to carry out his military objectives and the extermination of Jews and others. Most Germans nurtured and empowered Hitler. We see in many documentaries cheering crowds, demonstrations of popular support; images of young and old adoring Hitler. The young visitors to the museum are asking now their parents and grandparents: \\"Daddy, grandpa where were you? How could you let it happen; why did  you not resist Hitler's Holocaust?\\"     Still, there were Germans, lionhearted individuals, who followed the dictates of their conscience. Hans Hubermann did not join the Nazi party; he risked his life to save a Jew. He remembered that his life was saved during WWI by Eric Vandenburg a Jewish soldier. That soldier's son, Max came to his house seeking shelter. Hans could have been arrested and killed for rescuing a Jew. As the story unravels, we see how paranoia prevailed in Hitler's Germany. Eventually, Hitler's love for hatred and conquest of foreign lands failed him.
B001YYQ9SS|5.0|This is the best! I love this movie so much though I already have the two-disc edition, I still buy the blue-ray because the movie is so awesome! It's worth every penny for my most favorite movie. Action packed, thrilling, exciting, high resolution picture. The additions of the cut scenes help me understand the story better. I've watched it more than 10 times and still got hooked, and will still watch more.  All the fighting scenes are freaking awesome, especially the Sephiroth vs Cloud scene is much better than the original. It's longer so I get to see more of Sephiroth. Highly recommended!
B0047Y17P2|2.0|There is no good reason why this book should be priced higher than a hardcover!!! I like Michael Connelly but I won't purchase this book until the price is brought down. When the publisher doesn't have to pay for printing costs an ebook should be cheaper
0132350882|5.0|This book is a great read.  It touches on many different topics that span code readability, testing, and design.  The book is filled with the author's personal experiences that demonstrate the rationale for each coding practice, and I was able to relate easily.  As I was reading, I was able to identify instances of every problem the author presents in my projects at work, and I was able to make appropriate improvements.  When you put the author's suggestions into practice, you can readily see the benefits.  If only half of my coworkers would read this book and half of those put its lessons in practice every day, I am certain we would have a better overall reputation and our customers would award our office more work, because our software would be far more robust and adaptable.  I am going to read this book at least twice every year for the rest of my software development life.
B003ELOQD4|2.0|I consider myself as big a U2 fan as they come. I have seen them live over a dozen times and have every video/DVD release and audio recording. My anticipation for this release was intense, especially after having seen U2 myself on the 360 tour. This production has outstanding audio quality, however the visual look and feel of this recording can only be called a disaster. It is so bad it is almost unwatchable at times. The bands' performance is top notch (the Youtube broadcast of this concert was thrilling) but the visual presentation of this DVD seemed designed to avoid allowing you to experience the soaring experience that is the 360 tour. Some of the faster paced songs are like watching the concert inside of a shaking snowglobe. I am begging the band to issue a second DVD that actually allows the experience of 360 to be enjoyed by the home viewer. A cursory view of this video by the band should have lead someone to say, \\"Why is the whole concert shot out of focus?\\" \\"HD\\" only works if you actually use it. Skip this release and download some of the Youtube amateur handheld video from fans. At least if your going to become nauseous there will be an excuse and you won't have to pay for it.
B0041KKYBA|5.0|This film received an Oscar for doumentaries.  After watching Inside Job, I feel the Oscar was well deserved.  As best possible, the film disects the sub-prime loan crisis on a bi-partisan factual basis.  It shows that some human's greed has no bounds.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|We all say the same thing, I will not buy this version, I want the original movies without all the added crap Lucas thinks makes the movies better, it doesn't, get it now? Please, please, please release the original movies without the added scenes asap, I will buy it as soon as it does.
B004IJZFP4|3.0|I was drawn to the original Teaser album when I heard the title track on the radio at the time the album was first released. I found the original album to be a frustrating listen because, while I could appreciate the quality of the songs and the performance, the sound was awful. It could have been a classic, if only...  A few years ago I got the Japanese manufactured CD version of the original album and found that it sounded much better, even though it did not seem to have been remastered. The balance in the force had been restored somewhat. Then came the two editions of Whips and Roses, with a far more muscular sound and some good re-workings of the original tracks.  Whips and Roses was far from perfect though, mainly due to some strange vocal inclusions and variations. The vocal on Lotus, which is so evocative on the original, sounds as if it has been pulped and then reconstituted.    Teaser Deluxe is a continuation of the Whips and Roses theme, including the same horrible vocal on Lotus (only perhaps worse). The most notable difference is that many of the songs are longer than on Whips and Roses, particularly Wild Dogs and Lotus which feature lengthy guitar work outs and extend to over 10 minutes each. While I appreciate that some will love these long jams, I would have preferred a bit of judicious editing and inclusion of an enhanced version of the original vocals. Do we really need to hear \\"why do you keep playing the parts I don't sing on?\\" at the start of the Wild Dogs jam?    Anyway, there is some exciting music on Teaser Deluxe and if, like me, you love the original album, you will probably be quite happy to own Teaser Deluxe. I would have given it four stars if it were not for the slightly bitter aftertaste that I experience after listening to it. While I am sure that it is possible to create an ultimate re-worked/remastered version of the original album, perhaps it is time to leave it be.    To the uninitiated, get the original first and find out what allthe fuss is about.
0316069353|1.0|My review is only piling on what others said, but it is sad to see the price of the Kindle download, as more expensive than the hardcover book.  If this was a way to raise money for charity ($5 of each download for example) then great.    But where this is just for the publisher, no thanks.    I'll go to the library or local used book store.
B0017SWPXY|5.0|Dog lovers will love this book because we truly believe our dogs understand us.<br />This is a heartwarming book from the first page to the last.<br />I could go on and on, but just buy it and see for yourself.<br />The line about the monkeys and their thumbs made me laugh out loud.<br /><br />Overall an excellant book. I hate car racing, which is the subplot and I even<br />found myself interested in \\"the art of racing in the rain.\\"<br /><br />There were formatting issues and typo's, but it did not bother me at all, actually<br />think it is extremely petty when reviewers slam a book for such things. The STORY is amazing,<br />so what if there are a few extra spaces! Give me fascinating characters, a great plot<br />and I will never complain about goofy formatting issues! Seriously, blame the editor, not the writer.<br /><br />BUY THIS BOOK!
B004U8VWLE|5.0|When the movie started I almost turned it off. It seemed a little too out there for me. I am so glad I hung in there. This movie is amazing!! Gripping, eerie, beautiful, and an amazing cast. See it!
0892818875|4.0|I have always avoided reading about Chinese medicine because of all the Yin/Yang, Qi/Yi, damp/moist \\"stuff\\".  It made my head spin!  Then I bought this book to help me learn how to heal my loved ones and myself using my growing collection of (and insatiable quest for mastery of) essential oils.  Who knew there was a chapter devoted to explaning all of the \\"head spinning stuff\\"?  Mr. Mojay breaks it down in terms that are easy to understand and apply.  After arming you with that knowledge, he then goes on to describe individual oils and their effects over all of the \\"head spinning stuff\\".  This book is what I had been waiting for!<br /><br />LSL - Sterling, VA
B004J1DBJI|5.0|At first I was dubious as to what this app could do, so I decided to test it. In five minutes I have discovered the population growth rate of Uganda, the ethnic breakdown, by race and language, within the US, the population density of my own state, the representative for my local district, the current yield rate of treasury bonds and value of a dollar against at least seven other foreign currencies. If that's not impressive, I don't know what is!     As a final note: this app enables your GPS signal so that it can switch between metric and imperial measurements based on your location (battery drain); however, this can easily be disabled within the preferences. Definitely recommended!
B004EC5IUW|5.0|Only recently have I gotten back into watching anime, but among the sea of ordinary, cliche', and moe' there have been a few stand out series and movies.  Setting aside Summer Wars (which you should be watching if you haven't already...go on, I'll wait...) the rebuild of the Evangelion franchise is the crown jewel of what's going on in anime right now.    The first movie \\"You Are (Not) Alone\\" was excellent in of itself, functioning as a safe, yet gorgeous retelling of the first six episodes of Neon Genesis Evangelion.  This follow up movie, \\"You Can (Not) Advance\\" is where the series takes a hard divergent turn from the original series.  In other media, this is often a recipe for disaster, but 2.22 makes the Eva franchise dance and tug on (if not pull out entirely) your heart strings for these characters.    For the first time since perhaps when I first watched Akira so long ago, I sat up on the edge of my seat as this film came to its finale'.  The best thing I can say about the rebuild series is that if you have no experience with Eva up until now, you're in for a very cool viewing experience.  If you're an old school fan of the series, the pay off for you may be even better.    (if you ARE one of those old school fans, look up some of the discussion that theorizes that the Rebuild series may in fact be a sequel, see how people rejected that theory and then came back around to it with the release of this film, fun stuff there)
B001P06GX4|5.0|My grandson is six years old and we think this game is really fun.  At first we played as two players.  Then, we decided to each take two colors as if we were four player.  It was more challenging and we really liked it.  We are writing this review together and we both give it six stars!
B003YL4L0W|4.0|As an avid Picoult reader, I don't read the book summary when her name is on the cover; I just buy the book. I hadn't heard much about the book other than the fact that it centers around gay rights...a cause that Picoult has a personal stake in (her oldest son is gay). I had no idea what to expect otherwise.<br /><br />Chapter one made me weep. Almost throughout the chapter. I immediately fell in love with Zoe and was drawn into the story. Never let it be said that Picoult's character development left me wanting!<br /><br />Another thing Picoult is amazing at is writing about controversial issues. I think this 'hot button' issue of gay rights is perhaps the most controversial she's dealt with yet. Which likely explains why so many reviews written by self-proclaimed Picoult fans sound so angry. Clearly she has struck a chord (no pun intended) in a lot of people. Mission accomplished.<br /><br />That said, the courtoom scenes were a bit on the technical side with all the mention of case law. And it all--the testimonies and grandstanding--seemed a little overdone for a bench trial. But Picoult clearly did her homework, as usual.<br /><br />The ending was a bit too neatly packaged in a happily-ever-after way that was a bit predictable and yet not very believable all at once. But overall...a great read. If nothing else, it will get people talking (or at least thinking) about the issues at stake.
B004DI7HZ6|1.0|I started reading this with excitment after reading the myriad of postive reviews and the Amazon's best book of the month rating.  Boy, was it a let down. This book started out fun and interesting but then digressed into a sexist romance with a really unimaginative and boring plot.  I had to give it up about 80% through.  Don't buy it, don't read it!
B004J1DBJI|5.0|All of the useless &amp; some of the useful information you ever need. Now you might be able to prove your wife wrong. It's worth a try.
B004J1DBJI|1.0|i was hoping for an app where you type in a question and it spits out an answer, but i wasnt able to get it to do that. i typed in who won stanley cup in 1998 and it did a search on stanley cup. dont download unless you us their website
B004K4IZ3G|5.0|Unless you have seen the movie in an IMAX setting then the regular screen will not do it justice you must purchase the Blue-Ray! This is the first time I that my home theater has completely trumped the movie theater! It is absolutely gorgeous to look at! I recommend this to those who haven't seen it as well as have seen it. If you are not into the story the DVD is not worth it, but the Blue-ray in and of itself is beautiful!!! The concept of the movie is an interesting concept to be sure!!!
B004J1DBJI|5.0|This app is really just an extended keyboard interface to the Wolfram Alpha website.  While I grant you can type words like &quot;integrate&quot; and have the mobile site interpret the results, it's far worth the price to get the convenience of one touch symbols.
0440243688|5.0|Greatly enjoyed this Jack Reacher book.  As always, a twist in the tale and lots of grit.  Can't wait to get the next book in his collection.
B004GYY714|5.0|Finds anything and everything you could want to listen to.  No more searching for live streams. A must have app. Always great quality and never had a bad link.
B004J1DBJI|2.0|Using on HTC Thunderbolt, force closed 5 times in the first two minutes.  Could be really cool with improved stability.
B002UNMW7O|3.0|I was disappointed because I enjoyed the first one so much.  The characters and storyline was just not the same.  It was kind of silly and I really missed Willem Defoe.  He should have been in this movie. It was just okay.
B004I2K4E8|5.0|This is the most beautiful music I know, short of great Christian choir and orchestra pieces (in my opinion). Les Miserables is mine and my husband's all-time favorite musical since 1989. This 25-year anniversary edition is still ringing in my head 6 weeks after hearing it on PBS recently. It is the best of the best; almost every word in the songs can be understood. I will probably wear out my DVD!
B003VANOFY|5.0|When I first started looking at getting a headset/mic combo, I was a little weary about the prices I saw out there. When I saw them listed for 100+ I couldn't see myself paying that much for a headset.    Now that I bought these, I have to say it is some of the best money I've ever spent.    - Sound Quality: Great! Good range of high treb and low bass. The 7.1 sounds good. But I do have to say that it does not replace a true 7.1 (or at least a 5.1) speaker setup. But it simulates surround sound quite well.    - Ergonomics: Fits well over my ears and very comfortably. After a significant amount of time gaming and/or listening to music, they still feel comfortable.    - Features: The programmable buttons are cool, I kind of wish there were more than 3 though.    - The mic seems to be good, no complaints.    - Wireless: It is so nice to be able to go anywhere in my apartment and have these on. I haven't tested them to their limit, but I can't go anywhere where I would normally wear these and it not work.    - My only gripe is the battery life. It is not horrible by any means, but it just seems like I have to plug it in frequently. The noise cancellation isn't amazing either, but if I turn them up enough It'll do the job to drown out the surrounding sounds.    Overall, I think this is a great value! Not super-expensive but has great sound.
B004INNRFK|5.0|David Foster is a master, love his video and music. He is such an important man in the music world
B000LZFIWO|5.0|You could definitely tell this is vintage and used but it came in amazing condition. Kudos to the seller!! If I see your name again on more vinyl I will not hesitate to buy!
B004TP6O8O|4.0|Rolling Papers was not what i expected from Wiz but it was a great album. What made this album great was him implementing hip-hop in different forms of popular music. To the country feel of \\"Fly Solo\\" to the pop sound of \\"No Sleep\\" it shows that not everyone in Hip-Hop has to rap about the norm and can take music outside the box and make it enjoyable for everyone, and thats what albums are about appealing to the masses so on mixtapes you think there better because thats what you come to expect from the artist but i think Wiz did a great job of distancing Mixtape Wiz from Album Wiz not a 5 star album but close to it i expect great things from Wiz in the future.
B003NHRIVQ|5.0|I received the movie in the mail in a few days and had no problems at all with it. It came wrapped and was obviously new. Would highly recommend this dealer to anyone.
B001HOF8AA|2.0|Imelda May has a superb voice- I've heard her in several PBS music programs, so don't go by the excreable mixing of Love Tattoo. Too bad the production did her voice such a disservice by burying her in behind the instrumets. I admit that the talent of the band is superb, but the vocalist is supposed to be out front, right???
B000003R7G|5.0|I've been collecting albums on vinyl, that I think are perfect (every song is near perfect) so obviously this had to be in my collection. It's not hit or miss with this album... just buy it.
B004H2ZFPW|5.0|The best one so far!! I am absolutely in love with this album!!! Avril has put her heart and soul into this album and it's amazing!!! I can't wait till she goes on tour so I can meet her again!! Kudos Avril excellent job!!
0756404738|5.0|A huge wonder of a book with a rich set of plots, characters and ideas.  This guy is as good as anybody ever and it's still early.
1439102724|3.0|Zoe and Max Baxter have spent ten years trying to have a baby.  Despite infertility issues, and multiple miscarriages, it looks like their dream is about to come true - Zoe is seven months pregnant.  But sadly, things do not go according to plan and she and Max divorce.  Afterwards, Zoe throws herself into her career as a music therapist - using music clinically to soothe burn victims in a hospital; to help Alzheimer's patients connect with the present; and to provide solace for hospice patients. And then Vanessa, a school guidance counsellor, asks her to work with a suicidal teenaged girl. Vanessa and Zoe become friends, and then they fall in love and marry.  Zoe and Vanessa would like to have their own family, and Zoe remembers that she and Max had three frozen embryos still in storage.<br /><br />Meanwhile, Max has joined an evangelical church, whose charismatic pastor, Clive Lincoln, has vowed to fight the `homosexual agenda' which he considers threatens traditional family values in America.  When Zoe seeks Max's permission for her and Vanessa to use the embryos so that they can have a child, Max, with the help of his church, goes to court to fight for ownership. Private matters become public while lifestyles are dissected and judged.<br /><br />The story is told through the perspectives of Zoe, Max and Vanessa.  While mainly focussed on relationships, it includes issues like alcoholism, cancer, infertility and intolerance.<br />I didn't enjoy this novel as much as most of the other Jodi Picoult novels I have read.  Why?  I think it is partly because so many different issues were packed into the story, partly because the ending felt contrived, and partly because I didn't care for most of the characters.  And yet, the novel has worked: it's got me thinking about some of the issues involved.<br /><br />What constitutes a family? `You can't choose who you love'<br /><br />Jennifer Cameron-Smith
B004CR7TE2|4.0| Fuzzy Wuzzy's Summary:<br /> Recommended with warm fuzzies.<br /><br />\\"LA robe\\" is a series of laptop sleeves originally designed for Apple laptops by the French design company \\"be.ez\\" (pronounced as \\"be easy\\").  Be.ez is obviously proud of their French origins as this laptop sleeve is shipped in a shiny plastic container sleeve with the words \\"French design\\" imprinted on it, and their Web site offers both a French and English language option.  The marketing and branding approach of be.ez's designer sleeves, bags, and cases joins the ranks of Built NY, Timbuk2, and Crumpler for offering subdued, stylish, or funky colors and designs that range from being quietly elegant to loudly trendy.  Even though be.ez originally designed their bags, backpacks, and sleeves just for Apple products, from the Macbook Pro down to the iPad, they have been branching out their product line to include PC laptops, netbooks, and other tablets.<br /><br />This \\"LA robe Club\\" was originally designed for the Macbook Pro 15.4\\".  However, I am using this with my (gasp!!) Dell 15-inch laptop, and it also fits inside this sleeve just fine.  The interior dimensions of this sleeve are: 14.3\\"x9.8\\"x0.95\\".<br /><br />The interior of this sleeve is lined with \\"Low Resilience Polyurethane\\" (LRPu) foam material.  When this sleeve is originally packaged inside its clear plastic container sleeve, dangling on the outside of the package is a sample of the \\"LRPu\\" foam with a label having the big bold words of \\"Low Resilience Polyurethane (LRPu) technology. Feel it!\\", enticing the shopper to feel and press the foam material that this sleeve is lined with.  But \\"Low Resilience Polyurethane\\" is simply the fancy schmancy technical term for memory foam; this is basically a denser firmer version of the memory foam that is now used in memory foam pillows and mattresses.  When you firmly press your fingers into either the interior or exterior of this \\"LA robe\\" sleeve, it feels like pressing into a memory foam pillow or mattress, and the indentations left by your fingers will remain in the LRPu for a long time before the foam returns to its original smooth surface.<br /><br />be.ez's use of LRPu is not unique.  There are other laptop sleeves and bags that make use of LRPu as the main padding; they just usually refer to it by its common name of \\"memory foam\\".  Because of its excellent shock-absorbency, vibration-absorbency, and cushioning characteristics, LRPu is being effectively used for memory foam pillows and mattresses.  But more laptop sleeves use neoprene for its padding.  Neoprene is the material used in wetsuits and thus it confers a fair degree of water-resistance and protection from rain or fluids spilled onto the laptop sleeve.  This \\"LA robe Club\\" sleeve is also very water-repellent as I tried sticking the zipped-up sleeve under the running water of a faucet for awhile.  During a rainstorm, water will soak through the zipper and seams however.<br /><br />The overall construction quality, stitching, seams, external pockets, and interior lining are all high quality.  Jersey fabric covers the exteriors and a smooth soft fleece lining covers the interior of both the sleeve and its two external pockets.  I also have two other laptop sleeves, the [[ASIN:B000NH4EAM Built NY E-LS17-GRN 17-Inch Laptop Sleeve (Green)]] and [[ASIN:B003NVMECU Acme Made Smart Laptop Sleeve PC 15 (Black Chevron)]].  The cool thing about the [[ASIN:B003NVMECU Acme Made Smart Laptop Sleeve PC 15 (Black Chevron)]] is that it has two D-rings on it so that you can attach a shoulder strap to the sleeve to carry it as a shoulder bag.  I like all three of my laptop sleeves, really.  There is such a plethora of laptop sleeves, bags, and cases in similar price ranges that if you are shopping for a sleeve, some of the considerations may boil down to how you like its design and also its appearance.<br /><br />The \\"LA robe Club\\" is described as having a 5mm \\"robe protection thickness\\", fancy schmancy wording for saying that it has a 5mm-thick layer of memory foam.  A 5mm-thick padding is pretty much the norm these days with most manufacturers of laptop sleeves; my other two laptop sleeves also have 5mm of padding.  The padding on this sleeve is typical compared to most laptop sleeves nowadays, regardless of whether the padding is LRPu (memory foam), closed-cell foam, or neoprene.  A laptop sleeve's padding will only protect it from minor bumps and knocks, but there is really not enough padding to cushion against dropping the sleeve onto a floor.<br /><br />Laptop sleeves are really not meant to be carried frequently by themselves through airports or carried loosely in your hand while you walk around.  If you really want good padded protection and room for carrying accessories, get a laptop case instead of a sleeve.  For a similar reason, external pockets and shoulder strap D-rings are very rare on most laptop sleeve designs; the assumption is that you are mainly carrying the sleeve inside another briefcase, bag, backpack, or luggage, and therefore you do not need other storage or carrying options.  The \\"Club\\"-version of this \\"LA Robe Club\\" sleeve differs from its predecessor, the [[ASIN:B001MXD2ZE Be.ez 100775 LA robe Sleeve for New Macbook Pro 15.4 (Black/White)]], in that it has two side-by-side 8\\"x7\\" stretchy neoprene pockets.  These pockets can be used to carry small items like a small AC adapter, USB cords, small wireless laptop mouse, iPod, etc.  I do wish that both of these pockets could be closed up with zippers because items can slip out of the pockets unless you keep the sleeve upright.<br /><br />Overall, this is a great sleeve.  I have yet to find a laptop sleeve that I would give a 5-star rating to because most of them seem quite competitive both in features and price, and unlike larger laptop bags and cases, there is only so much variation of features that you can design into a sleeve. But there are many dozens of colors and print patterns that you can choose from between different manufacturers.  My 'Acme Made' sleeve can convert into a shoulder bag, but it has no storage pockets.  This 'LA robe Club' has storage pockets, but it cannot be used as a shoulder bag (sigh).ncy wording for saying that it has a 5mm-thick layer of memory foam.  A 5mm-thick padding is pretty much the norm these days with most manufacturers of laptop sleeves; my other two laptop sleeves also have 5mm of padding.  The padding on this sleeve is typical compared to most laptop sleeves nowadays, regardless of whether the padding is LRPu (memory foam), closed-cell foam, or neoprene.  A laptop sleeve's padding will only protect it from minor bumps and knocks, but there is really not enough padding to cushion against dropping the sleeve onto a floor.<br /><br />Laptop sleeves are really not meant to be carried frequently by themselves through airports or carried loosely in your hand while you walk around.  If you really want good padded protection and room for carrying accessories, get a laptop case instead of a sleeve.  For a similar reason, external pockets and shoulder strap D-rings are very rare on most laptop sleeve designs; the assumption is that you are mainly carrying the sleeve inside another briefcase, bag, backpack, or luggage, and therefore you do not need other storage or carrying options.  The \\"Club\\"-version of this \\"LA Robe Club\\" sleeve differs from its predecessor, the [[ASIN:B001MXD2ZE Be.ez 100775 LA robe Sleeve for New Macbook Pro 15.4 (Black/White)]], in that it has two side-by-side 8\\"x7\\" stretchy neoprene pockets.  These pockets can be used to carry small items like a small AC adapter, USB cords, small wireless laptop mouse, iPod, etc.  I do wish that both of these pockets could be closed up with zippers because items can slip out of the pockets unless you keep the sleeve upright.<br /><br />Overall, this is a great sleeve.  I have yet to find a laptop sleeve that I would give a 5-star rating to because most of them seem quite competitive both in features and price, and unlike larger laptop bags and cases, there is only so much variation of features that you can design into a sleeve. But there are many dozens of colors and print patterns thatyou can choose from between different manufacturers.  My 'Acme Made' sleeve can convert into a shoulder bag, but it has no storage pockets.  This 'LA robe Club' has storage pockets, but it cannot be used as a shoulder bag (sigh).
B004SKHJF2|1.0|complete failure and soundhound is so much better get working on 3.0 asap you bunch of losers. Not even enough about this app to fill the word minimum.
B004J1DBJI|5.0|This is such a neat little app. This is like google on steroids with a math edge. With this app being free today,  it is a must have.
B004J1DBJI|4.0|This is one of those apps on the Android that is more then a \\"use a few times and forget\\" type. It ranks up there with Google or Bing search because you'll need some information that's technical or scientific in nature.
B002UXRGLG|3.0|Content was fantastic. The DVD production was terrible. It skipped, froze and blocked. Re-ordered a replacement set and still had minor problems. Amazon was very helpful, replaced free of charge and still offered to refund all monies. I descided to keep the set because it is so good.
0788772015|5.0|I really enjoyed this book, the relationship between Aubrey and Maturin is well thought out.  The setting is well defined with an excellent narrator who immerses you in British naval history that is entertaining and educational.  You'll be in danger of learning a lot of nautical terms!
B00005JOHC|5.0|I have all 7 Season's and waiting for Season 8.  Can't go wrong with getting any of these seasons, I've never been disappointed in any of the shows.  The Writers are Awesome.
B0047Y17P2|5.0|I pre-ordered this book as an e-book. We have switched over to e-books because bookcase space has run out - and I tend to re-read many of the ones I have. All of us have become used to the maximum of $9.99 against a $20+ hardcover, and it is a shock to see the hardcover for less than the e-book. But I have watched both Barnes & Noble and Borders leave our area. The author and publisher are within their rights to try to get the most money for an initial printing. This said, I am still getting a book for less than it used to cost. I like physical books, but really have to go with the e-book from now on. With the exception of Nook, I cannot lend an e-book to a friend and that is a drawback. On the other hand, I can read a Kindle edition on a computer at the same time as my husband is reading it on a Kindle. Guess we will just have to wait and see how the $$ wars come out.    Money aside, this was a book I was unable to put down. Connelly has certainly grown and I look forward to his next Harry Bosch later this year - but I will not be pre-ordering it.
B003XMUFGQ|2.0|Yes, the man is 65 years old. Yes, he's done it all. The problem is that's exactly what this album sounds like. Half of it is alright. Nothing memorable. Hearing the horns on some tracks is different. I've always thought Clapton could make a good album with just his vocals, allowing others to play some unassuming guitar parts. Unfortunately the voice isn't what it used to be. Even the better songs on this set sound like filler. Good filler, but still filler. The year leading up to this release the magazines were all talking about how Clapton was playing his hottest guitar licks in years. Apparently that wasn't the kind of album he was going for here.
B004J1DBJI|4.0|WolframAlpha is nothing short of amazing. My only complaint is that it uses the GPS every time it launches, which is a privacy concern. Perhaps there are some searches which can be enhanced by fine location, but it should ask first, and only in those cases.
B00005RYL2|1.0|Thank you for all the reviews!  I LOVE this movie - I have the Collector's Edition on VHS.  I was really looking forward to acquiring a Highlander DVD.  After reading a LOT of comments about the transfer from VHS to DVD, I am opting NOT to buy the DVD.  Thank you for the warning!  Now I need to buy a VCR so I can watch my VHS version whenever I want.  Grrr.
B004TP0M0K|1.0|I am a great fan of Baldacci's novels.  The Camel Club series has been a favorite.  However, I found my mind wandering in his story.  The premise is so unbelievable that I could not get involved.  I wonder if Baldacci has \\"jumped the shark\\" the way James Patterson did . At least Baldacci writes his own stuff unlike Patterson
B002ZG976U|5.0|Small town (Idaho) girl makes good by 'bullying' her way into a burlesque show owned and run by far more seasoned performer (Cher).  Might sound a little lame, but what a fun movie!!  You can absolutely forgive anything about the script because the performances are OUTSTANDING!!  Most definitely a feel good movie with heart and humor.  Oh and did I mention CHER was amazing, as always. This woman belongs in front of a camera.  Excellent performances by all.  Bravo and thank you! I bought it the minute my rental ended.
B004KPQK2S|5.0|I grew up in miraculous time. Jim Crow ended on one level.  Muhammad Ali lived during the same time as Joe Frazier, Bob Beamon broad jumped past the olympic committee's ability to measure, and The US Olympic Hokey Team out-skated, outscored, and out endured the legendary Russians. But of all the things that lifted our spirits in the field of sports it was a horse that stole the The Show. Secretariat, was young, pretty, and just couldn't be beat. Check out this move. It tell the story better than I can. Believe me.
B0026FCNK2|4.0|thank you but i had to travel to ups to go pick it up after work. would of rather had it in my mailbox
B003MC5N28|4.0|I  am in grade seven and I  loved this book. it is thoughful and flows beautifully from one scene to the next. lois lowry provides a stunning read for all ages, leaving the ending with endless possibilities. one thing that bothered me is that lowry could have elaborated much more near the ending of the book. the book would be a much more effective book and lengthened it as well. also ifeel lowry did a great job with the emotion of sadness and with the deeper message lying beneath the surface. overall i absolutely adore this book, with just one small drawback.
B000GGSMB2|4.0|great movie. it's a classic. :-) the only downside, i bought the wide screen version and would rather have the regular version.
B002BPQ0Y2|1.0|All the Black Eye Pea members are using Auto Tune. If I wanted to hear a computer sing, I can make my own techno. I don't need to shell out even a penny to listen to fake singers making millions out of using a $19.99 computer program.
B00005AREQ|5.0|I didn't really get into Jeff beck until recently and only because a friend of mine would play this album all the time back in the 80's when I was over his house hanging out. I was always into super heavy stuff although I respect all kinds of good music and good musicianship as I have been playing guitar over 30 years. One day I remembered this album when I was thinking of something different to get and listen at so I bought the CD. I cannot believe how long I had been a guitist and listened to so much music without incorporating this into my archive. I honestly don't listen to much of a variety of things but this is a MUST have for anyone who even likes guitar not to mention if you are a guitar player. I don't know why but none of his other albums interest me other than a song here and there but this one EVERY song is an absolute masterpiece (IMHO.
B004J713JW|2.0|The comments on the poor sound quality are spot on -  I've bought many Blu-ray concerts and the overwhelming majority have immersive sound quality that really are fantastic.  The 5 channel PCM mix is terrible -  zero depth of sound and no balance between instruments and vocals -  and zero bass punch.  The 2 channel mix is a bit better but still not up to the standards that many other Blu-rays achieve.    I REALLY hope this can be salvaged -  great filming and great show -  it is a shame the sound is so messed up
B004J1DBJI|1.0|This app is a complete waste. Its a horrible version of wikipedia. It couldn't even find some of my searches. When it does find what your looking for it provides next to no information on the subject. Do not download.
0316010669|4.0|Malcolm Gladwell's \\"Blink\\" is an engaging collection of miscellaneous sociocultural and psychological studies, observations, and research that establishes the unconscious brain's focal role in making instinctive, comprehensive and rapid judgments about external stimuli in interactions with others and in everyday to emergency situations. Gladwell brings up an interesting and innovative theory that as human beings, our instincts are one of the most essential and powerful driving forces in our lives, and that our intuition is nevertheless often neglected and manipulated by our outside environment through prejudice, misleading information, first impressions, and superficial appearances. \\"Blink\\" is fascinating as a whole, even though certain articles are a bit too lengthy and meticulous in detail, and appeals to a wide range of people, as almost anybody can relate with the experience of feeling an emotion so strongly that you can't begin to explain or rationally justify. I would definitely recommend this book; Gladwell explains much of the often ignored impulses that human beings naturally experience and furthermore guides the reader to be more confident in their instincts, whether in making business decisions or in getting involved with other people at work or in personal relationships.
B004EC5IUW|5.0|What can I say? If you liked the original series and The End of Evangelion, you HAVE to watch this. I realize some of the more hard-core fans dislike the fact that they added a new Eva pilot and changed some things around, but if you watch though it you'll realize that it's refreshing and still keeps true to the original series. FYI, you might want to stick around or fast-forward to the end of the credits.
B001ET5WU4|5.0|This is the record I chose for my first purchase. It's not even my favorite record by the Band but it's so influential and the cover art (by Bob Dylan) is a must have.
081095415X|5.0|Someone recently emailed a slide show of Mr. Brandt's photos to me, which led me to find out more about the photographer, and finally here. It's rare for me to be so moved by a photograph, but these are the most moving and stunning photographs I've ever seen of African wildlife. Their beauty gave me chills.  Although I don't yet own one of Mr. Brandt's books, I'm still giving 5 stars. Thank you!
B0036EH3WK|5.0|The amount of little extras make this totally worth the high price. Obviously the blu-ray looks great, that's to be expected. Comes with tons of bonus features and you can tell a lot of work went into putting this together, it isn't just some last minute cash grab. Love it!
B000PMLFRA|1.0|Not the originals, so you can have them, Lucas. Everyone needs to rate at 1 star and not buy this or the full collection. I wish George really cared about his core fanbase, hell even about making the most money possible would be something. Instead we have to go through another re-release of a product that is wanted by the people that never appreciated the originals, and are not fans, apparently.    At least Steve had enough sense not to mess with Raiders.
0316069353|1.0|Why do we not \\"get after\\" Amazon instead of the Publisher?  You can buy the digital edition on the Nook\\" for $12.99--still a really stupid rip-off price but $2.00 cheaper than Amazon.    Come on Jeff--can B&N really out-negotiate Amazon???
B004J1DBJI|5.0|Imagine having a genius as a friend, and having him or her at the ready to answer any question 24/7. This is much more than a physics engine, type your home town into the search box and be amazed how much statistical data is available.  Great App. EVO 4g.
B004FRX0MY|5.0|Love this app. First Player & cloud service worth my time.    I do get some weird updating warnings, since this app can't be uninstalled from the Android Market 1st, as it is a system application, before installing the Amazon Appstore version. Original Droid (Froyo) & Xoom (Honeycomb).
B004J1DBJI|5.0|The app is very interesting to use.  The depth of information is great.   It takes a bit of time to figure out how to use it. The computational side of it is very good, handling everything i could come up with.  Not a search engine like google if that is what you were expecting.
0060507772|3.0|The wizards are requested by Lord Vetinari to stop the band of elderly heroes led by Cohen the Barbarian, who plans the ultimate adventure: attacking the gods' home at Dunmanifestin. Rincewind naturally gets roped in and sent off on another suicide mission that borrows too much from [[ASIN:0060855886 The Light Fantastic: A Discworld Novel]]. Capt. Carrot, Leonard da Quirm, Ponder Stibbons, and a few others have roles too. Only the witches and Vimes are conspicuously missing from the regular characters.<br /><br />It's a short story, but nicely illustrated by Paul Kirby. Clearly dashed off without as much thought or depth as Pratchett's best novels. It's more a framework for the pictures than anything else. If that warning annoys you, you might not appreciate it; but if you just can't get enough of Discworld, go for it.
B002VPE1WK|4.0|needed room for camera with 70-300 lens attached and extra lenses and ecceseries. this bag gives me room and convenience for an awsome price. its quality is equal to some of the bags twice its price. it offers the felt lining so i used the pads from my old bag to make wall padding and it is plenty big enough. currently in the main compartment alone: d90 with 70-300 attached, 18-105 lens, 100 prime macro lens, 5 lens filters, and air puffer for dust. plenty of extra space. two side pockets. two large front pockets. only complaint i wish it had a small flap over the zipper in case of rain.
B004RJMUJO|5.0|This game is just amazing.the developers are trying hard to get the amazing graphics to the game and lots of improvements to the game.thanx dev team.
B0047Y17P2|1.0|The whole point of ebooks are to lower the price so more people will buy it and we are saving paper...but this is ridiculous. To charge $15 for a book that can only be used on certain devices and can't be shared which makes it like a loaner or have the hardcover version which is universal being cheaper is just showing corporate greed...they are becoming just like the music industry with their iTunes \\"plus\\" music...and that is why more and more people are using p2p services...there will come a time (if not already) where we will be able to find any book online for free that will work on our kindles or nooks or iPads (I own a kindle 3 and an iPad) and the publishers will be scratching their heads wondering where they went wrong...
B000A1SZ2Y|5.0|I've tried the Raynox DCR-250 with my \\"Nikon D3100\\" Camera and I really like it..  Macro lenses are a bit over my budget right now and this great device helped me take macro photos without the need to spend so much money..<br />The only down side is that you have to work a little harder on the focus and you might need to do it manually, I mean literally manually go back and forth to get the focus right, which is something I can live with for now!<br />Over all I think it's an item worth having..
B004SS0884|5.0|First off...yes britney is auto tuned and YES some people don't call this music but anything you might think is good music others think otherwise. This album is what the next decade is going to be influenced by...but this album compared to others appears to be the most produced and that deserves 2 thumbs up!!! Any song on this album is a potential hit and Britney (eventhough autotuned) sounds amazing in it. You can get up and dance to every track on this album. Even the bonus tracks are amazing (some better than others on the standard ones on the album)<br /><br />1. Till The World Ends - Partially written by Ke$ha and you can definitely tell by the repetitive lyrics. The best part is the bridge where she says \\"keep on dancin till the world ends!\\" I can play this song over and over again and wouldnt get bored of it. The music video is cool as well!!! 10/10<br /><br />2. Hold It Against Me - Very impressive first track with a heavy beat. I heard that this song was originally going to go to Katy Perry but I'm glad that it was given to Britney because her (produced) voice fit perfectly with the song. Love the music video as well. not as catchy as \\"Till The World End\\" though. 9/10<br /><br />3. Inside Out - There is a lot going on in the background of this song...an instrumental of this song would be almost as cool as the original. It's very heavily focused on the downbeats. I love the breakdown in the middle and the way end of this song! Definitely hit potential!!! 8.5/10<br /><br />4. I Wanna Go - Party party party! Thats all I can think of about this song. This is apparently going to be her next international single and it is definitely perfect for the European air waves!!! It is also the 3rd hit coming from this album (coming too quickly maybe?). The whistling is a nice touch...not my favorite but probably the best one to dance to! This ones for you Europe!!!! 9/10<br /><br />5. How I Roll - One of my favorites on the album...bubble gum pop mixed with sexiness packed in the same package...love the chorus! Love it!!! 10/10<br /><br />6. Drop Dead Beautiful (featuring Sabi) - She sounds too nasally in this song...in my opinion. Sabi makes a perfect addition to this song and keeps it at a high rating. I will definitely check out Sabi's new work when she releases an album, another collaboration perhaps??? 8/10<br /><br />7. Seal It With A Kiss - Heavy beats are very prevalent  on this song as well...and the chorus is very catchy. Another one of my favorites.  I wouldn't mind this being her next hit!!! 10/10<br /><br />8. Big Fat Bass (featuring Will.I.Am) - Very dancy and the bass definitely is one of the biggest throughout this album...she is too repetitive on this song and even in my opinion too auto tuned. Will.I.Am should keep to ruining his own groups old sound instead of making her sound like a robot. Probably my least favorite song on the album. 6/10<br /><br />9. Trouble For Me - Catchy...mysterious but also sexy. Not my absolute favorite but I like it. She sounds like a robot in this song too...but it still sounds good. 8/10<br /><br />10. Trip To Your Heart - Not feeling this one. This is her ballad plus maybe one more...she doesn't need that lower octave backing her up during the verses though. The lyrics mean something on this track but I just don't really like it. Other people will like it though! 7.5/10<br /><br />11. Gasoline - Dirty, sexy, I love it!!! So catchy and she doesn't sound like a robot. This is also one of my favorites. You can get down and dirty while playing this track at a club!!! Love it!!! 10/10<br /><br />12. Criminal - the flute is a nice addition. I like it but the song sounds very generic with different lyrics (which are interesting and creative btw). Its a nice way to end the album if you are getting the standard edition! 9/10<br /><br />Bonus tracks: my recommendation...get the deluxe edition because the bonus tracks are amazing and the are completely unique from the standard songs!!!!<br /><br />13. Up N' Down - My absolute favorite on the album. It has the catchiest beat on the whole album and it becomes a manifest in your head. So catchy and I love it...it's infectious!!! This absolutely should be her next hit!!! 11/10!!!!!!!!!<br /><br />14. He About To Lose Me - I love this song even though the chorus sounds completely fake. Its a broken down song and doesn't include all the parts of a dance track that is one this album...which it turns out is better that way! Love it! 10/10<br /><br />15. Selfish - Love this song too! I love the rock breakdown in the middle/end of the song. The lyrics are cool too. Great! 8.5/10<br /><br />16. Don't Keep Me Waiting - Rock song of the album and it fits perfectly...not too much autotune and it sounds like a rock hit (not like three days grace or linkin park rock but pop/rock) Amazing way to end the album!!! 9/10<br /><br />Overall, I love this song and I can't stop listening to it. It is like an infectious disease that I can't seem to get rid of. I listen to this album every day and haven't gotten tired from it yet!!! Buy this album and you won't be disappointed!!!!
B004L49K20|5.0|really awesome return to form guys. i personally loved astronaut and was horrified by red carpet massacre... but i always buy every release. heck even with the not so hot releases like liberty and pop trash i've managed to find something to like... (last day on earth is awesome)but what was missing from these is the arty atmospheric themes that evoke cinema, like seven and the ragged tiger and so red the rose... those albums are like escapist sci fi/fantasy novels to my mind, they produce such imagery...   this new release is outstanding. you guys sound like a band again... great basslines, cool grooves and the missing component, atmosphere!     mark ronson did a great job. i'd love to hear you guys produced by steven wilson...     outstanding!
B004LSJCJM|5.0|When the song list for this album first was first posted on Joe's website and I saw the duets (especially with Vince Gill)....I was really not excited.  I'm such a huge fan though that this was not going to slow me down from pre-ordering.  Surprise....Sweet Rowena with Gill is really good.      Bonamassa seems so full of Blues/Rock talent that there is no end in sight.  Dust Bowl is another fine piece of work by Joe and his band.    Slow Train, Meaning of The Blues and Black Lung Heartache are my top pics.  Songs are full of depth and feeling.      I believe that you can really hear the new Dunlop JB Signature Fuzz Face shining through on You Better Watch Yourself.....I want one.    [...]    No disappointment.....just as solid as the rest of his work.
B004SBQAN8|5.0|I absolutely LOVE and am obsessed with this movie. Any critic that has downed it, needs to find another job. I wouldn't change one scene in it....it is AWESOME!!! Maybe it urks them because there are no sex scenes, bad language, drugs or intense gory violence. I have literally seen this movie 23 times!!! A big high five to the directors and all involved in making this uplifting movie. I am eagerly waiting to hear when the sequel will start filming!! Can't wait!!! Love all the characters. Even Kevin Durand's mean character adds a touch of humor to the bad guy!! Love this movie!
B003XKPPOU|5.0|I wanted to say you guys are great. I had an issue with the Blu-ray disc and you sent me a new one quickly.Thank You for your help and it was great dealing with you.
B00127RAJY|4.0|I've been using 30-Day Shred now for about 3 weeks, finally able to do work out #3 a couple times a week. My body has definitely changed . It does work. However, It drives me crazy that I have to listen and watch all the intro babble. The dvd will not allow me to skip to menu, so I can just pick my work out and get started. It's a small thing, but when I get ready to work out , I have no patience to wait for all the instructions to finish (yet again). That's the reason for the four stars and not five.
0316069353|1.0|I really feel sorry for all the authors that have new books on kindle. Do people think that everyone will just pay the prices they put in?  I love my kindle, however until they wise up to their customers, everyone will suffer, the authors, the customers, and Amazon. There is a limit to what a book should cost and kindle prices are going thru the roof. I will either read older books or just go back to hardcover where the prices are more reasonable.
B00005CDNK|4.0|Loved this last ABBA album.  Nostalgic, often sorrowful, conjuring up old and new  memories; clearly 'the end' of ABBAs journey together.  It left me wishing for more.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|This book and the two that come after it were the most intriging books i have ever read. i couldnt put the down. once you read the first one you will read all of them, trust me. i just finished them last week and i am reluctant to start reading a new book because it will not live up to the standards that these books have set! i might just re read them!
B004J1DBJI|2.0|I have entered many equations that it could not calculate, it merely timed out. Some of the answers to simple combinatory equations and diff eq's were wildly incorrect (processed out of order). Some of the searching seems to be based on only a single word in the search, the answers are based on extensive general data on that word, and only if your question was already considered in that generalized data will your question be answered. ie. Using their own example of Mars, once it sees that word it just throws up generalized information.
B000HC2LI0|5.0|Regardless of which side of the political spectrum you prefer, (and I believe they handled it very well), the relationships between the various members of the President's entourage, the great production work by the technical crews and the interesting and believable situations faced by the administration, and the personal problems of real human beings, makes this series one of the very best ever on TV.
B000XXGMRO|5.0|These boots look great, feel great and are built sturdy as well.  I always love Timberlands because I am never disappointed in them.
B002LL13BQ|5.0|This  version of La Boheme I have seen 22 times at the MET and never tired of it.I am so glad  to find it! I have looked for it for years. The second act in this Zefferelli production is marvelous! How they put so many people on two floors without it collapsing is beyond me. It wasn't until the 7th time I saw it that I saw the dancing bear.Absolutely the best production! With this cast how could you go wrong!!!!!!Theresa Stratas , Renata Scotto, and Jose Carreras are just wonderful. Along with them you get a young James Morris,Allan Monk, andRichard Stilwell with James Livine conducting. Extraordinary Staging! What a treasure!Purchased from Amazon.com.
B0017VG69U|1.0|The quality was good but the new CGI effects DO NOT mesh well with the old footage. I don't like updated effect in old series. In fact a lot of the shots look worse with the CGI. Either go for the Blu ray edition with both the original and remastered video or try to find the older DVD's if you are a purest like me.
0802798225|5.0|Why, oh why, did I wait so long to read this book? I'm not sure why I kept putting it off, but I had six hours available this weekend driving out to Houston, so I grabbed this book on my way out the door. I opened the book and started reading...and didn't stop to eat, look out the window, or use the restroom. (okay, maybe I stopped at one rest area!)<br /><br />Brittany Ellis is starting her senior year of high school. She's excited because her boyfriend Colin is back from a long summer away, and she knows this year is going to be perfect - she's captain of the pom squad and he's captain of the football team. But things don't turn out as well as she'd hoped: She's got to keep up her perfect grades to get into a local college so she'll be close to home to care for her older sister who has cerebral palsy. Colin is pressuring her for sex, and her parents are threatening to send her sister away. Then, in Chemistry class, she gets paired with Alex Fuentes, a tough gang member from the other side of the tracks. Life couldn't get any worse, could it?<br /><br />18 year-old Alex Fuentes is a tough member of the Latino Bloods - he's got the gang tattoos and wears the gang colors to prove it. He didn't want to be in a gang, but after his father was murdered, he had to join to protect his mother and younger brothers. He doesn't want to get in any further than he is though - he's an enforcer but he won't deal drugs. Then he gets paired with Brittany Ellis in chemistry, and it turns his world upside down. He learns she's not as perfect as people think she is, and the more he learns about her the more he wants to continue spending time with her. But he's got obligations that he can't get out of, no matter how much she begs him to change...<br /><br />Simone Elkeles has written a fabulous story - I was sucked into this world right from the beginning. The differences between what Brittany was and what she showed to the world were contrasted against the differences between what Alex was and what he showed to the world. They both had to see beyond stereotypes and misconceptions by themselves and their friends and families to be together. In the process they made unexpected new friends and learned things about themselves. It was a brilliantly written journey of love and obligation and hopelessness and growth that I couldn't put down. This is going to be one of my favorite reads of 2010 - I cannot gush enough about this book!to the world. They both had to see beyond stereotypes and misconceptions by themselves and their friends and families to be together. In the process they made unexpected new friends and learned things about themselves. It was a brilliantly written journey of love and obligation and hopelessness and growth that I couldn't put down. This is going to be one of my favorite reads of 2010 - I cannot gush enough about this book!
0765322889|4.0|First off, I really don't understand why some people are saying that its confusing.  Its like any book, some things you pick up on from the start but there are plot elements and plans and motives that are not revealed until later.  After reading many, many reviews there were a decent number of complaints that the book was too dense and confusing.  I started reading, bracing myself for the ambiguity, lack of explanation and confusion to set in.  Never happened.    Secondly, the book is pretty great.  The story creates a mysterious and full world and history.  The characters are solid and believable even though I didn't really connect with any of them.  The story is rich and the plot is very well thought out and very well executed.      Gardens of the Moon is a great mix of old fashioned and new fantasy.  There is magic and dragons and different races but it feels very grounded and centers around politics, plots and a good amount of mystery.  It manages to feel like a fantasy novel and still feel grounded and new without relying on the crutches of gratuitous violence, sex and a forced darkness/grittiness to make it feel more serious.  I'm looking at you Goerge RR Martin.    It is a really good book for people looking for non-traditional fantasy that still has traditional fantasy elements.
0465068359|3.0|Didn't realize it was non-fiction. Having ADD I had a hard time and finally quit. Just watched the film JOHN RABE and saw the story in action! Also Ingrid Bergman in THE INN OF 6TH HAPPINESS is a sweet Hollywood version.
B000EWBKKI|5.0|It's rare that a sequel is as good as the original and this one is right there alongside T1 as a sci/fi classic.
0316921173|5.0|Wow is right.  This book is aproximately 850 pages too long. Remember what they used to say about a chimpanzee and a typewriter?  That enough random words written down in the same place will eventually seem to mean something if you pick and choose enough.  Strictly a book for post-modern hipsters, or those who would wish to appear so.  Like I told my wife: It reminds me of Curly Howard imitating Henry James.  Enough Wallace for me.
1856697061|3.0|Very interesting from a technical point of view, but has fewer practical applications then the previous book - after all, who needs to know, besides curiousity, how to shape one's own garment into a square or a circle?
B000EWBKK8|5.0|Don't get fooled: The 5-star rating is for the movie itself, not for BD-release! I'm from Germany but I often buying overseas since in germany sometimes we get inferior versions of movies on DVD, or now Bluray Disc (BD). But when it comes to LORD OF WAR I hesitated in buying the Lions Gate release. It's a shame that this important movie gets such a poor treatment on BD in the US (no Lossless Audio, no Extras at all). And than a rare thing happened over here in germany. We got eventually a better disc. Not only is the English language track in DTS Master Audio, but we also get many of the DVD-Extras carried forward to BD. Among them is the most interesting audio commentary by the director as well as an informative making-of. The PQ ist a vast improvement over the DVD and, of course, it is in it's proper aspect ratio of 2,40:1. Perhaps for some on the downside: There in no actual menue available, so the movie starts right after you put the disc in your player. No problem for me actually! For international buyers of interest: The disc is region codes A, B and C. So, there is a real alternative to the lackluster disc from Lions Gate available.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|I was born in 1983, so I never saw star wars in the theater in the original cut.. but my dad was smart enough to buy me the VHS box set before the films were destroyed with excessive CGI.  It is a real shame, I will not buy any star wars movie unless its the original cut.
B004J1DBJI|2.0|App force closes on evo.  Doesn't allow use of my keyboard (Swype). Doesn't seem to answer any if my questions.  Btw... 25 words min for a comment is a waste.
B004NSULHM|4.0|Radiohead's newest album title \\"The King of Limbs\\" has been out for about six weeks and now that the physical release is out I can now review both music AND product.  First off let me say that the first single is well written and was what attracted my attention. The video was weird but I enjoyed it, and I'll admit to having laughed a bit at mash-ups of it with other pop culture songs (I like funny, so sue me). The album itself leaves much to be desired physically. While the packaging is cool and about what I'd expect for having paid $8.50 for it I still would have preferred a sleeve of some sort, preferably with lyrics in it. Just saying. The artwork inside is amazing but should have been expanded to full size and used in a jacket, it would have made it easier on the eyes and more intriguing to look at.     On to the music.    1. Bloom: This piece begins with Thom Yorke playing ambient overlay on his piano, followed quickly by electronic music. We have heard this from them before and no new ground is touched but its still nice. He doesn't begin singing until around a minute into the song, which gives us a good idea of their sound and a good way to fall into the music.    2. Morning Mr. Magpie: Catchy, quicker, but still soft. This song is one of the first I heard and its still a favorite off the album. I like Yorke's voice, but its all very background on this album. Less meant as singing and used more as another instrument to add to the sound of the album. This song is an example of him pushing forth just a bit more to be recognizable.     3. Little by Little: Decent song but honestly kind of faded into the background to me. Its not among their best but that means its still a good song.    4. Feral: It has the sound I remember from the 'Hail to the Thief' era. I liked that era, and this song takes me back. A lot of electric drums which are actually played by Phil Selway and its very impressive. True to its name, its a violent sounding song.     5. Lotus  Flower: Thesingle promo released to promote the album, this song begins with some lumbering bass and what sounds like a theramin. Song sounds like it deals with addiction lyrically and the rhythm  matches that feel quite well. This is the video Yorke dances to so try listening to it without that image in your head.    6. Codex: Beautiful, beautiful song. My absolute favorite off of the album. Reminds me of the acoustic songs from their 'Kid A' days. I listen to this and just drift off and get lost in it.     7. Give Up the Ghost: Still with the environmental imagery, this is a song about destruction and begging not to be haunted by the memory of it. Now that I've described it can I just say that him singing like the old pedophile from Family Guy takes me completely out of the song? Seriously Thom, its a good song but that killed it for me, I kept expecting to have you ask me to come down to the root cellar for a nyquil Popsicle.     8. Seperator: Honestly sounds like a rise towards a climax. Because of this song I'm expecting a complimentary album sequel very soon.    There you have it people. King of Limbs sounds like a B-Side album and its short but good nonetheless. Enjoy it and know its not their best but its fun and you won't regret adding it to your library. Those not familiar with Radiohead, tread lightly.
B0000085N4|5.0|this CD is simply outstanding. I heard it when it first came out, in about 1990, I was 21.  At the time I started playing electric guitar and I loved this record. The guitar work is amazing, these are real solos, unlike the exercices that many can put togheter now and call them 'guitar solos'. Also, the songwriting is great, and the singer is one of the best rock singers I have heard. This is a perfect example of rock music that stems from the blues. There's a lot of blues here even if apparently is not so. The vocal lines of 'Soldier Blue' (one of my fav tracks) is sung heavily on the blues scale and emphasizing the 'augmented fourth', which is a special note used in the blues.     To me and you: this is a great rock record. In my opinion this band was strangely unappreciated, maybe due to the fact that being British, usually are more 'low profile' than american bands such as Guns'n' Roses, etc    5 out of 5 from me, without hesitation. If you want a good dose of good rock music, this CD is an essential buy
0756404738|5.0|I loved this book, and I continue to be impressed with the soulfulness of Patrick Rothfuss' narrative voice. I can sense how much he cares for his own story and it is contagious. The protagonist continues to be miraculously better than everyone at everything, and is still nearly impossible to dislike. I must respectfully disagree, however, with the myriad reviews claiming this book was much more streamlined than the first. Mayhap our humble author hypnotized these reviewers with his blogs about the necessity of attempting revision nigh unto perfection. In any case, comparing The Wise Man's Fear to The Name of the Wind, for me, would equate to comparing an episode to a pilot movie. As it happens, this has become one of my favorite &#34;shows&#34;, so I'm most assuredly along for the duration. Readers, this is an extraordinary work of fantasy: an autobiographical tale told by an irresistible main character written by an inspired craftsman; a formidable cure for loneliness, spare time, and the inability to find a good enough book to read. I can't recommend it enough.
B004SBS8LA|5.0|Free app of da day by Amazon so why not rite? awesome game. can't beat dat! da movie is a different story so i'll reserve judgment based on reviews. (=
B002N7W3NK|1.0|THIS GOOD DIDIN`T COME YET. PLEASE SEND-ME A MESSAGE ABOUT POSTAGE AND HOW TOGE INFORMATIONS ABOUT WHEN IT IS GONNA BE QAVAILABLE IN MY HOUSE. I AM WORRIED ABOUT.
0517548232|5.0|ok so we've all heard this left winged argument, \\"if something is bad for society such as cigarettes, high prices, fattening food etc, then why doesn't the government just pass a law against it ?\\"   Hazlitt's book explodes this childish line of thought by separating the goal from the result. An idea or political initiative can have a great stated goal such as \\"lets pass a law against cigarettes when illegal no one or at least far fewer people will smoke, we will all be healthier, health care cost will go down etc\\" this sounds like a great idea but Hazlitt introduces to the equation the problem of unintended consequences. Sure the government can make cigarettes illegal but there are the unintended consequences to this, when ever there is a good people want there will be someone to provide it, much like with illegal drugs today the providers will be violent street gangs, and drug cartels. Street gangs could smuggle tobacco in from other countries or grow it here in America much like what they do now with drugs, the result will be giving them something else they can monopolize the sale of, gives them even more power and money, creates even more violence on the streets, more innocent youths get shot and killed in street gang tobacco selling turf wars etc.  I do not recall seeing the particular example of cigarettes in the book but I just decided to brief on a relevant topic today to illustrate the idea of Hazlitt's book.  Hazlitt goes through many examples of popular goody goody government initiatives that appear all well and do on the outside but have many honorific unintended consequences.  This book will enable you to look at proposed legislation with a completely different set of eyes, seeing through the rhetoric of the stated goal and to the nitty gritty of the likely results   This book along with Irwin Schiff's \\"the biggest con\\" are two of my must haves for anyone pursing self education in free market economics.   5 stars
0316069353|1.0|why would i buy the ebook, it costs the publisher nothing to produce (as far as raw materials). It is cheaper to buy this story when it is made from trees.
0399213015|3.0|The book is very cute, but the text was cut off.<br />No big deal, I didn't buy it as an investment.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|The CG \\"enhancements\\" RUIN the movies! I would pay a lot of money to get the ORIGINALS on blue ray. A huge part of the experience is reliving the moments. Nostalgia. If someone wants the latest effects they will watch the prequels or a new movie! It blows me away how clueless these rich movie makers can be. Lucas of all people should understand... ONE STAR PEOPLE. BE HEARD
0061673730|4.0|Robert M. Pirsig's classic novel is a mix of engaging storytelling and an exploration of how classical Greek philosophy drove the growth of Western civilization; we have mastered the physical world but at the cost of spiritual growth. Those more knowledgeable in philosophy may quibble with his premise, but to me he seems to be one the first modern novelists to advocate taking God out of the temple and recognize that spiritual wholeness was inside us all along.<br /><br />Story: The book intertwines three stories; the first follows a college professor struggling to become whole again after a devastating psychotic breakdown. His story provides structure and context for a lengthy introduction to the growth of Western philosophy and what we have gained and sacrificed as a result. The third story details his attempts to reconnect with his son after his breakdown shattered his family. The blend of engaging story, philosophical introduction, and spiritual journey is why the book has endured as a classic philosophical/new age novel for the last quarter-century (this is my overview).<br /><br />Spiritual/metaphysical content: Medium. Pirsig's theme explores Quality and Truth with a capital T.  Interestingly, he equates Quality to God only twice in the book (Chapters 21 and xx), and he implies that the reconciliation of Quality and Truth results in Zen but never explicitly states that point. However, in my opinion that's the driving force behind the work--the need for Western civilization to get back to a state of spiritual wholeness, enlightenment, God, Zen, dharma--the words don't matter. Perhaps it was necessary in the early 1970s to use the terms of classical philosophy in order to be taken seriously, but the core message of the book is clear: We a lost a part of our soul by embracing Western philosophy.  Western civilization has gained mastery over the world, but \\"lost the ability to be a part of the world and not an enemy of it.\\"<br /><br />Although Pirsig sidesteps the effect of religion on Western development, I feel this fracturing of our world view was exacerbated by the spread of Christianity. People were encouraged to stop looking inside of themselves for truth and let the Church direct their spiritual growth and define their values and ethics. I'm not certain, but Pirsig may have been one of the first 20th-century American novelists to popularize the notionthat Western thought took a wrong turn more than 2,300 years ago and that exploring Eastern philosophy may help fill a spiritual void for many people.<br /><br />My take: I'll admit, the rhetorical sections were a hard slog at times. I felt like I was reading a doctoral candidate's dissertation without the footnotes. However, I learned a great deal about Western philosophy and how we got to where we are as a society.  Greek philosophers, primarily Aristotle, moved away from the idea of wholeness and individual excellence - Quality - toward dividing the way we see the world into mind and matter, which enabled Western cultures to master the realm of matter. However, spiritual growth was sacrificed to technological innovation; we a lost a part of our soul by embracing Western philosophy. Despite the dense philosophical sections, I loved the book 20 years ago, and after rereading it I still love it today. The blend of engaging story, great writing, philosophical exploration, and spiritual journey is why the book has endured as a classic new age novel for the last quarter-century.estern development, I feel this fracturing of our world view was exacerbated by the spread of Christianity. People were encouraged to stop looking inside of themselves for truth and let the Church direct their spiritual growth and define their values and ethics. I'm not certain, but Pirsig may have been one of the first 20th-century American novelists to popularize the notionthat Western thought took a wrong turn more than 2,300 years ago and that exploring Eastern philosophy may help fill a spiritual void for many people.    My take: I'll admit, the rhetorical sections were a hard slog at times. I felt like I was reading a doctoral candidate's dissertation without the footnotes. However, I learned a great deal about Western philosophy and how we got to where we are as a society.  Greek philosophers, primarily Aristotle, moved away from the idea of wholeness and individual excellence - Quality - toward dividing the way we see the world into mind and matter, which enabled Western cultures to master the realm of matter. However, spiritual growth was sacrificed to technological innovation; we a lost a part of our soul by embracing Western philosophy. Despite the dense philosophical sections, I loved the book 20 years ago, and after rereading it I still love it today. The blend of engaging story, great writing, philosophical exploration, and spiritual journey is why the book has endured as a classic new age novel for the last quarter-century.
0743496736|5.0|If you have not read this book-you need to. This is by far one of Jodi Picoult's BEST books; it's so moving! You feel as though you're IN the story. I cried while reading this, and I don't cry often!
B004J1DBJI|5.0|This is essential for any nerd, geek, or dork. The sheer amount of information you can get from this is staggering. Damn shame I already bought it on the Android market.
0061801313|5.0|Great book set, ecspecially for avid readers. I am glad I bought this set instead of the individual books-I flew right through them and would have hated to wait for each to ship!
0670022411|4.0|I immediately liked this book because the \\"hero\\" is dark and mysterious.  Good chemistry between the charachters.  It did seem to borrow some romance from Twlight and some references to the Philosopher's Stone from Harry Potter but it was an enjoyable ride.  Am anxious to read the next in the series as I was disappointed this one ended so quickly. Definitely want to read more!
B004J1DBJI|1.0|I wish I has somerhing to say other than &quot;sure am glad I didn't pay for it&quot;. Force closes during every search I've tried. Stock HTC Thunderbolt.
0525423273|5.0|K, so lemme get this out of the way: SQUEEEEEEOMMMGAAAAAHHH!      Guys, I do not like contemporary fiction. I just don't. It's a genre I avoid a lot of the time. And Anna was so hyped, it's been sitting in the bottom of my library bag for a month because I was terrified I was going to hate it.      I was so wrong, and I'm kicking myself that I hadn't read this earlier. In fact, I'm probably going to buy my own copy, and then force everyone I know to read it. It's just that good. I even cried (well, maybe more like a sniffle, but still). Happy tears of joy. I've never done that before. I'm usually bawling my eyes out because someone died and ending is devastatingly tragic - not because it's happy!      This cast of characters is one of the best I've seen in a young adult novel  recently. I liked everyone, and I'd totally want to hang out in their group. In Paris. I wish I'd been sent to boarding school in a foreign country. *sigh*      Anna, the main character, is quirky and sweet, strong and compassionate. She tries desperately to do what's right and keep her feelings to herself, but somehow it just never seems to work out quite right. I loved her little tidbits of film descriptions, and appreciated them fully, because I am a total TCM black and white movie junkie. She also gets props for having a Hello Kitty umbrella, because I have a Chococat umbrella. We totally match.      And St. Clair? Cue gushing. I pictured him as Heath Ledge ala 10 Things I Hate About You the whole time. So sweet, but snarky and hilarious. I understood Anna's confusion and confliction, but I can see what St. Clair was going through as well. And his heights phobia was adorable.      As for the rest of the group, Rashmi is amazing. She wants an Egyptology degree, and that's my secret dream job. Meredith collects crazy jewelry and keeps them in teacups. Josh is a quirky artist. Where were these people when I was in high school?!      But, really, on a less gushy note, I felt Anna was very real. They all sounded like teenagers without being cheesy, or sounding like an adult's impression of how teenagers talk. The banter between them all, especially Anna and St. Clair had me snorting and giggling right along with them. I loved that they cursed and they drank, because, you know, that's what a lot of teens do. My heart was absolutely pounding during certain scenes (sleepovers and birthday celebrations anyone?). The sweet, clumsy awkwardness of the romance was absolutely endearing and believable. I was totally nervous right along with Anna, because I still remember that feeling of the high school crush. I was in awe of the beautiful buildings in Paris, and my stomach was in knots every time St. Clair tried to climb stairs. There was not one flaw with this book that I can find. Others surely can, but Stephanie Perkins has definitely mad me a raving mad fangirl.      And I have to add, did anyone else get the impression that Anna's dad was a thinly-veiled, funny little stab at Nicholas Sparks? Because that's all I could think about every time he or one of his books were mentioned!      Please, please, please, Hollywood, make a wonderful movie out of this one day so I can swoon visually as well as mentally?       I could probably gush for hours on end about this book, and I really can't even come up with a coherent review that I'm happy with. Regardless, if you haven't read this yet, do it now. Immediately. It's a refreshing, toe-curling, goosebump-inducing romance that takes place in one of the most romantic cities in the world. Paris! Boarding schools! Cute boys! What isn't to love?
0937381888|5.0|One of my most satisfying book purchases. If you're interested in starting home brewing, this is the book to get. The first chapter walks you through like an instruction manual, the remainder of the book explains how everything works in going from ingredients to beer.
B004J1DBJI|5.0|Solved every single one of my problems for US history, calculus ab, and AP physics. Went from some of the hardest to some of the easiest and it literally got them all. The dual integrated keyboards was also a huge plus, very amazing! Thank you!
B004J1DBJI|2.0|It appears that you can only asked one word questions with this.  It also seems to simply pull the info from wikipedia.  Not the most useful of apps.  I'll just stick with google for my answers.  It also has a few bugs when inputting text...uninstalled.
B00024I2Z4|5.0|When I was a teenager Mulan came out. I saw it with my little cousins. I laughed so much at Eddie Murphys character, The Great And Powerful Mooshoe!<br />I bought my cousins a copy, bought my sister a copy, then bought one for me! Like this movie a lot!
B004NSULHM|5.0|I didn't want to like this CD.  In Rainbows was phenomenal and how can you top that?  But they did it - and thensome.  This CD begins with a bang.  The first track a song I don't know how they came up with and then Morning Mr. Magpie, a funky track that just sucks you in - this CD is like a vacuum, it just sucks you in completely.  I've never heard anything like it.  I was listening to Prince's Purple Rain thinking what an absolute masterpiece, but thinking this CD is as well.  Thom Yorke's vocals are strong and beautiful.  I love this CD, and I didn't want to - I didn't think this band could top In Rainbows but it has - in repeated listens you can't help but fall in love with it.  It grows on you like glue you can't shake it off.  \\"Codex\\" is a wonderful track and of course the lead single and video \\"Lotus Flower\\" is amazing.  I wonder if there was any connection with Prince on the title thinking of Radiohead comparing with the greatness of Purple Rain.  The difference being Prince I'm sure had ideas of concrete nature when making the movie and film, but this CD sounds so free and without a plan but letting it flow and it works spectacularly in a way I've never heard any artist ever do.  It will be the 2012 album, full of spirit and freedom and wonderful melody and rhythm which is fully evident of their first single \\"Lotus Flower\\" Thom in the derby states that he is here and whether he wants to believe it or not - he is a icon - that is unique and powerful.  Radiohead is definitely at a peak, can they climb higher - I didn't believe they could but they did, so now I am a true and total believer.  Who knows what they will do next but this is an absolutely wonderful and visual record that any Radiohead fan can love eternally.  It's spectacular in every fashion from the sound, music, melody and execution.  Every song is a treasure just waiting to be listened to again and again and AGAIN!  The King OF Limbs is an A+ effort to me, when I really thought they couldn't putout another classic record like their last, but they did and did they ever.  Just play this over and over and you will see the secrets and wealth this CD has - treasures waiting to reward you - just listen and listen closely - you will be astounded.    In re-reading my review I thought some may say how can you compare \\"Purple Rain\\" with \\"King of Limbs\\" or \\"In Rainbows\\" - but I don't really other than they are all incredible masterpieces, totally different from each other; but being a musician I respect all these CDs as masterpieces.  They are one of a kind, brilliant performances.  I'm not comparing any of them to one another as better or worse but incredible in their own right and the talent and execution are awesome.  They are one of kind moment performances that write themselves on your heart and mind eternally.  They are expeiences that are special, that make memories that flood the memory with moments and feelings that most music cannot do.  So don't think one is like the other - \\"The King Of Limbs\\" is a STAND ALONE effort of spectacular fashion, extremely free performances that I feel will - with repeated listens completely astound the listener.  \\"Feral\\" is dangerous.  It's a song and a revolution in itself.  That song is dangerous.  It makes you want to dance uncontrollably.  This CD is really more amazing everytime I hear it.  It floors me.      That is one thing I can say, if you like an artist give their CD repeated listens.  The greatness of something reveals itself in time, I believe as an artist sometimes an artist doesn't even know how great something is themselves except in time.  Listen to \\"The King Of Limbs\\" and enjoy - this is a CD you will love more and more with every listen.  It conjures up images in the heart and mind and soul.  \\"The King Of Limbs\\" is for sure worth having in your collection - it's a classic.
031603438X|4.0|NOTE - This review contains references to incidents which are familiar to many Rolling Stones fans, but which may be considered \\"spoilers\\" for newer fans. Please proceed at your own risk.<br /><br />This is a very hard review to write for me. I have been a huge fan of the Rolling Stones and Keith Richards in particular my entire life. The book is very interesting - Keith's early life, the formation of the Stones, picking up the 5 string technique, substance-fueled exploits around the world, the legendary recording sessions at Muscle Shoals Alabama and in the basement of the Chateau for Exile - it's all here. I've been looking forward for some time for Keith to \\"lift the veil\\" on the Stones and his life, and he does here. If you are a fan of the Stones, rock, blues, or any music for that matter, this book is a must read. The temperament of a gifted artist is outlined here in great detail - the good, the bad, and the ugly.<br /><br />In recent years Keith has been cultivating a \\"benevolent Rock and Roll grandfather survivor\\" image, which is all very well and good, but about halfway through the book things begin to get disturbing. The children come along. Keith and Anita Pallenberg, both junkies by this time, have 3 children. Keith leaves for long stints on the road, as his job requires, knowingly leaving the children with their drug-addicted mother again and again. One child dies, and the surviving son, Marlon, spends long periods out of school. Keith takes him on the road with the Stones at age 5 to \\"take care of him,\\" but Marlon instead ends up taking care of his heroin-addicted father in a succession of anonymous hotel rooms throughout the tour. Marlon essentially runs wild, ostensibly watched by the rest of the Stones entourage. Marlon even learns to clean up his father's drugs when the \\"men in blue\\" show up. The younger daughter, Angela, is left at home with Pallenberg through her drug-fueled rages, police busts, etc. I lost count of how many fires were started due to \\"faulty wiring.\\" The drugs keep flowing, the kids are essentially ignored for long periods, and the Stones keep pumping out classic albums which seem, in Keith's view, to make everything all right. It does not.<br /><br />Keith finally \\"cleans up\\" from heroin after several tries (although booze and other drugs are always around) and leaves Pallenberg, but the children are still left with her for long periods during her continued drug binges.  Meanwhile Keith fights with Mick about Jagger's solo career, Keith starts his own band the X-Pensive Winos (which by and large comes across as petty one-upmanship), and the Stones continue to be the biggest band in Rock and Roll. Meanwhile Keith's family continues to suffer.<br /><br />All of this is hard to swallow, but swallow it we do in the name of \\"artistic temperament.\\"  The petty selfishness keeps coming after the 1970's, however.  Even though the Stones' large entourage often has its families in tow, recording sessions don't start until 9pm, 10pm, and then 1am because that's when Keith is ready. They record all night and sleep all day because that is how Keith wants it. The immature selfish Rock Star act goes on and on, but everyone puts up with it because \\"Keith is Keith\\" and because the Stones keep piling up the classics and adding to their legend. A wink and a grin only goes so far for the reader, however.<br /><br />As the story continues we begin to ask ourselves, \\"When is enough enough?\\" Is it when Keith trashes Bill Wyman for wanting to retire after working so closely with him for 30 years? Is it when Keith meets future wife Patti's family for the first time and he shows up wasted and makes a huge, uncomfortable scene, smashing a guitar on the table in front of everyone?  Is it when Keith keeps devoting pages and pages to his exploits with the X-Pensive winos and getting back at Mick after giving such short thrift to the death of his own child? Is it during the horrific scene when the young Marlon sneaks upstairs to see Pallenberg's boyfriend shot dead in the head after playing Russian Roulette?<br /><br />After all of this detailed debauchery, the end of the book feels as if it was hurriedly pieced together, and it essentially falls apart. Sordid tales are one thing, but sloppy writing is another.<br /><br />The story of the artistic temperament is well documented here as well as in the stories of other gifted geniuses. Soaring art emerges for the world while personal relationships and families suffer. But we all put up with it \\"for the sake of art.\\" Maybe the trick is not to look too closely behind the veil, because although we may love the art and the legend, we might not ending up liking the real person beneath very much.ot dead in the head after playing Russian Roulette?    After all of this detailed debauchery, the end of the book feels as if it was hurriedly pieced together, and it essentially falls apart. Sordid tales are one thing, but sloppy writing is another.    The story of the artistic temperament is well documented here as well as in the stories of other gifted geniuses. Soaring art emerges for the world while personal relationships and families suffer. But we all put up with it \\"for the sake of art.\\" Maybe the trick is not to look too closely behind the veil, because although we may love the art and the legend, we might not ending up liking the real person beneath very much.
B002OXW3SI|3.0|If you like this movie get the Blu-ray version. The picture and sound is not good, not a wide screen version. However, I enjoyed the extra movie scenes, and with this extra footage most of the original sound track was changed.
030726999X|5.0|The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest opens right where The Girl Who Played With Fire left us hanging, and we ride this breathless freight train through to the very end. I absolutely hate to see the Millennium Trilogy end!<br /><br />Larsson's writing is tight, intelligent, and inventive. The plot has been summarized in many other reviews, and I will not include any spoilers here. Serve it to say that this book is a continuation of The Girl Who Played With Fire. If you start anywhere in the series AT LEAST begin there, but (very) preferably at the beginning with The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo. Lisbeth Salander is a classic character and deserves every page she gets.<br /><br />Some notes on reading this book:<br /><br />1. The Swedish justice system is a bit different from the justice system in the U.S., as will become apparent during the trial sequence. The variations are very interesting and add quite a bit of flavor to the proceedings. Things are done differently in Sweden, so it's best to accept it and learn. The miscarriage of justice, both in the Courts and in the media, is a major theme in all three books.<br /><br />2. Since some of the Swedish names used sound very similar, I made a few notes while reading to keep them all straight. The characters distinguish themselves as things go along, so don't dwell too much on it. You should be able to identify the characters by their mannerisms and by what they do.<br /><br />3. Pay attention and keep moving. Some writers \\"dumb down\\" their stories in the interest of mass appeal, and keep going over the same territory again and again to drum it into your head. Larsson does not. He challenges you to keep up and rewards you richly for doing so.<br /><br />The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest is a terrific and satisfying end to the outstanding Millennium Trilogy. The only problem is that it has to end here due to Stieg Larsson's untimely death. Larsson proves himself here to be a true master, and the entire series is destined to be a classic.<br /><br />Hornet's nest rating: A. Millennium Trilogy rating: A+.: A. Millennium Trilogy rating: A+.
1600242405|4.0|I can't say I was surprised the book was worth the many hours, given the amount of positive press by the time I got to it. I never would have pulled the autobiography of Keith Richards from the ocean without high expectations. The well-known remarks about Mick Jagger are there, of course, but only occasionally and not a dominant theme. The time through the late 1960s easily forms the stronger part, with a crisp review of his own childhood (poorer than I realized) and the birth of the Stones, followed by their ascent into controversial stardom. The anecdotes are many and more articulate than expected, more than could just be the polish of the co-author.     After that, the albums kind of run together and the life centered around drug use comes front and center. The view into that world was still interesting enough, but not an attractive interest, and as Richards says, he certainly used his allotment of cat's lives. We all know that eventually Richards got out of his death spiral and into a happy marriage and continuation of the Stones, with the nasty conflicts with Jagger, or should I say Sir Mick? All along, Richards highlights his love of music and is generous in praise and attribution to musicians from the early days, his studio mates, helpful friends, and the odd lot from adventures in Jamaica and elsewhere. Perhaps he was patting himself on the back, but in many ways I liked the guy and could understand why he was so well connected.     Johnny Depp reads the early chapters very effectively, with that smooth actor's voice. Joe Hurley sounds more like Richards and (obviously) more English, yet I found him a rough taste, and welcomed Depp's return for the later years. Richards himself narrates the final burst, sounding casual and rather mumbly, closing with a poignant story about his mother.
B004EBT5CU|5.0|If you liked 19, you'll love 21. Adele's voice and style are amazing and she created another work that you want to listen to start to finish again and again. It's a great variety of songs and showcases how much talent she has. Buy this album now!
078322799X|5.0|This movie is a must have for the horror movie collector.  Fantastic special effects, great action, and a unique story.  Was curious about the films location and read the credits.  Not too much of a suprise, found it was filmed in New Zealand.  After all, Per Jackson is the movie's director.
B004I2K4DY|5.0|A delightful and mesmerizing edition of the musical.  It is my favorite musical (probably any type of theater) of all time.  I loved the idea of taking a powerful, though sad, classic and combining it with beautiful music which resulted in an incredibly magnificent show.
B002RL7W9W|5.0|These are excellent.  My grandson has a Lego collection and a lot of Star Wars materials and this product is a great addition to it.  I recommend all these Lego packs.
B004J1DBJI|5.0|Tons of information, very useful for me as a math teacher/tutor and engineer. Plus I'm a general, all-around geek,  so it's right up my alley.
B003XKPPOU|5.0|This movie debunks the \\"sequels suck\\" theory.  Pixar's movies are always visually appealing but they prove yet again that a great story is the foundation.
B000YI7MRM|3.0|If you have read the Alatriste books by Perez-Reverte, you will find the movie gives impressive visual life to 17th century Spain. If you have not, you may be hopelessly confused as the movie stitches together portions of the plots of all 5 novels (I think it's five) and, while weaving in some of the intricacies, omits much of the necessary explanation.     Those who have read the novels may be dismayed by the openinig scene which is used to explain the death of Inigo's father and his relationship to Alatriste, but actually occurs much later in the novels and involves Inigo himself; or by the the casting of Inigo's femme fatale love interest, Angelica, as a brunette and not a blonde. Lost too is the social, political and cultural commentary on the period that makes the novels so fascinating, but that is balanced by an almost slavish attention to period detail.    If you're expecting The Three Musketeers in Spanish, forget it. This movie is very long, very involved, and very dark. If you want great visuals to complement your reading of the novels, it's marvelous. And Mortensen makes a terrific Alatriste.
0316067938|2.0|Having read the first 3 in the Twilight series, which were so easy to read and entertaining, I was very much looking forward to the conclusion of the series. The book was overall, mediocre. The writing was sloppy, rushed. Edward was a passive, scared vampire--where were the witty, suave, Edwardian phrases and comments from 1917? Nowhere. Edward clenched his teeth a lot and adopted the annoying habit of calling Bella \\"love\\" like he was from London or something. The chapter written from Jacob's point of view was painful. We didn't need to know all about the werewolf political system nor the depiction of Leah--confusing at best, distracting at worst.<br />The novel had the flavor of a Mexican novella from Univision at certain points. Bella crying and distraught, Bella sleepy and bloody, etc. Too much drama. And then for the climactic \\"battle of the vampires\\", nothing. Bella does some Jedi mind trick and the Volturi file away. That whole plot line was tirtured and forced, it seemed as though the editors told Ms. meyer, you have to bring back the Volturi for the movie rights so put it in the 4th novel. Poor Ms. Meyer did not have the fountain of inspiration nor the intelligent conclusions that came in the Harry Potter series, for example. This book went off in tangential directions and as far as I am concerned there should have been 2 separate novels to conclude this story, to properly delve into the Bella and Edward relationship and marriage and Bella's vampiric birth. This is a tortured and directionless novella.
B000000XB9|3.0|Gave it a 5 twenty years ago but needs remastering - its a crime not to have these jewels re-polished.
B004I2K4E8|5.0|Best musical I have ever watched, Would recommend it for everyone. Don't miss this performance in stunning BluRay.
B003EYVXTG|5.0|This movie gets almost everything right.  The casting is sublime. Many of the actors are locals with little or no acting experience, and Director Granik coaxes rich and authentic performances from every one of them. The young Jennifer Lawrence has been appropriately celebrated and one can only hope she'll choose projects well going forward.  John Hawkes fully deserved the Oscar nomination.  Dale Dickey, as Merab, is perfect.<br /><br />The film won't likely appeal to folks who aren't satisfied with a film in which every plot detail is not explicit, there's not a car chase or some equivalent spectacle. Finally, the genius of the film, which I still marvel at after 3 viewings (yes, I like it):  It's certainly an unflinching and candid look at the people and the setting of a meth-ravaged Ozark Mountain region. And, yet, the filmmakers' respect for these people is palpable throughout.  How did they pull that off?
B0036EH3WK|5.0|Exactly what i expected. I am from holland so i knew 2 seasons wouldn't work.   I know that in the future i will have a blu-ray player in my computer so i will be able to watch those dvd's then.  I was currently watching the series again and am not at season 5 and it is really amazing how it looks in HD and it gives you the vibe of the series even more.    The reason i got it out of america was the way they package it here in europe.. The extra features are just not worth the money that way. Also the box looks and even feels(it has a relief on it) so awesome! And the lid with the map of the island is also a really neat thing. If you are a true lost fan like i am.. you should really consider buying it! It is really expensive but i mean ... 36 blu-ray discs aren't cheap! and all those extra's make it worth it even more if you are into that kinda thing.     Also the dvd menu's are fun to look at. nice hd scenes from the series but then from another angle. really like what they have done with it.    I must say this is the best blu-ray box set i have ever bought!
B002VECM6S|4.0|It came quickly and I have seen the movie. It has a good quality and I am glad I purchased it, for not very much money.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|It astonishes me that Lucas continues to screw the consumer.  It took years for him to finally release a DVD Star Wars film, and when he finally did he at least gave us the original series and not the computer edited farce re-release (though later he did do exactly that).  A Blu-Ray disc CAN hold both versions of the film, so why doesn't he just put both versions on the same disc?<br /><br />Please continue to give this one star and ask Lucas and Fox for what we all really want:  The original trilogy as they were released.  As the title suggests: Star Wars ORIGINAL trilogy.<br /><br />Thanks loyal fans!
B004J1DBJI|3.0|Force reboots.  Default honeycomb keyboard pops up resulting in two keyboards.  The input selection field doesn't have a cursor spot, making deleting and input difficult.  However, the voice input works good.  Three stars until they fix.
0061091480|5.0|This book is wonderful - it's practically my Bible.  I literally went through and highlighted passages of significance to me.  I refer to it often to get through some of life's bumps in the road.  A definte must-read if you want to change your outlook and see things in a new light.  Very honestly written and incredibly helpful.  Would definitely recommend.
0525422943|5.0|Where she went mainly addresses Mia and Adam's night in New York, and what Adam has been through after Mia left for Juilliard. It also explores how Adam grew up and discovers the art of music--the bands he has been with, how the band grew and the people he met. He discovered so many things on the way, too--fame doesn't come that easy, and when it does, it brings all the unforeseen trouble.<br /><br />From the start, I felt for Adam in a way that I didn't when I read IF I STAY.  (That guy was messed up!) He came out like any normal person who's been abandoned for years without a closure or explanation would come out: Emotional, angry, hateful, cold ... That's understandable and rational. But as things warm up throughout the night with Mia, he got better--less resentful, full of hope and responded.<br /><br />They way the story builds up--slowly and steadily-- was interesting (I was hoping for confrontation as soon as the book started, but then there wouldn't be a story to tell). It kept me engaged and wanting more answers. As always, Forman's prose is decipherable and enticing.<br /><br />Although If I Stay ended pretty well for me, this installment completed the novel. I was aching throughout the book, but thankfully I got the ending I wanted. Now I can assuredly say, I'm more than satisfied with the ending, and I love this book more than If I stay.
0756404738|5.0|Book two was even better than book one.  I absolutely love the Adem parts.  This author must have some Buddhist study as there is even a direct reference to a Zen Koan about a dead cat and the monk who puts shoes on his head.  I thoroughly enjoyed it and was sad to finish it and know that I have to wait for part three!!!!
0307454541|3.0|I love the story line, although there were times I felt it could have been toned down a bit. Overall I would recommend to friends as a so, so book.
B004HAG40O|5.0|Each Decemberists album has been of a decent enough quality that I feel safe buying the next.  True, Hazards of Love was hard to digest and I wondered where they might go next.<br /><br />The King Is Dead is so very immediate and that's a quality that generally scares me.  Immediate albums usually burn out fast.  But I kept coming back to this one and each song continued (and continues) to grow on me.  The approachability of these seemingly REM cover songs soon revealed themselves to me as some of the best Decemberists songs to date and I began to appreciate the overall rural theme of the album.  'The King Is Dead' is simply back to back rich songs exposing a band who has developed over the years without forgetting who they are and what they enjoy doing.<br /><br />My wife and I saw them play at the Wiltern in LA on this tour and had a great time!  I would have expected just a \\"middle-aged\\" band playing their new album start to finish without much variation.  But instead I found a passionate band who likes to have fun and yet understands the appeal to fans of their entire catalog.  Long live the Decemberists!
B003D5A42S|5.0|I'm not a huge fan of Hardcore, (though it's growing on me), but this album is incredible.  The way they incorporate Hardcore, and techno is amazing. One of the most creative albums I've ever heard. I love all the tracks but #2, #3, #5, and especially #12 will blow you away
B004UNB1R4|4.0|How to Become Clairvoyant, Robbie Robertson's latest release, comes over a decade after his last one.  It is an atmospheric album, slinky and bluesy.  It is also very melodic.    Lyrically, Robertson reflects back on aspects of his life, and his is a life worth pursuing in song.  A veteran of roadhouses before hitting his twenties, lead guitarist for Bob Dylan's legendary 1966 tour, leader of the beloved Band, and friend to many important and influential musicians of his, and our, time, he has quite an impressive resume and stories to tell.    The music on this disc is impeccable, with contributions from Eric Clapton, Tom Morello, Trent Reznor, and Steve Winwood.  The two instrumentals on the album, \\"Madame X\\" and \\"Tango for Django,\\" are tasteful and enjoyable, not filler to be skipped.  \\"Madame X,\\" in particular, is reminiscent of the instrumentals on Jeff Beck's wonderful recent release, Emotion and Commotion.    The one complaint is that many of the songs sound very similar; clocking in at close to an hour, some more diversity would have been welcome.  But, fans of Robertson will find much to like on How to Become Clairvoyant, and those unfamiliar with Robertson, but who enjoy mellow, bluesy rock should find pleasures in it, as well.
B003L77G06|5.0|This show is hilarious. Great timing on all the jokes. The gay couple is always funny as hell.  When Phil gets hit by the car and yells \\"oh no!\\", ha ha ha. I rewound it 10 times. My wife and I love the show, Looking forward to buying season 2
B0047Y0FGY|5.0|I started the book with the assumption that it would be outrageously funny because it was from a brilliant comedian. It was, but it was also touching, insightful and beautifully written.<br /><br />Now hurry up and write another book already...<br /><br />//AW
B000UNYJXQ|5.0|Anyone who thinks Americans aren't being cheated by their profit-grabbing, greedy, lying, stealing health care system need only watch about a half-hour of this movie to have your minds changed.  You mean France, England and Canada have health care systems financed entirely by their tax dollars and their citizens actually love it?  Yes, emphatically.  You mean someone who has half their hand amputated in Canada can go have everything reattached for free while the guy in Oregon has to choose which finger he wants sewn on because both would cost him $72,000?  In France, do they really have doctors who make house calls at night as opposed to lining up in some filthy emergency room waiting for hours?  It's all yes, and it's all in the movie.  You mean our 9-11 rescue workers can get better treatment in Cuba than they do in their home states?  Yep.  Should be mandatory viewing for everyone.
B003EV6DBM|5.0|Like alot of other Doctor Who fans, I grew up during the Tom Baker years until the show was pulled after Sylvester McCoy.  When it was revived with Christopher Eccleston and the David Tennant years, I was sucked back into the Who universe once again.  Both the 9th and 10th Doctor incarnations were incredible as each had their own personality that was strong yet compassionate at the same time with a smidgen of darkness around the edges.  And so we enter into the 11th incarnation of the Doctor played excellently by newcomer Matt Smith.  As season 5 opens, the TARDIS crash lands outside of little Amelia(Amy) Pond's residence as she prays to God for someone to come to her house and get rid of a crack on her wall that allows her to hear voices from the unknown.  Little does she know that it's the sound of the universe that is collapsing and the plot line for the season.<br />  That's where the newly regenerated Doctor appears and quickly realizes that the world will end in twenty minutes unless he rises to the occasion.  This leads to several time leaps that if your not careful, could confuse you as the Doctor leaves young Amelia behind to straighten out some problems in the TARDIS and mistakenly returns some years later to find an adult Amy Pond played beautifully by Karen Gillan as his new companion.  Season 5 not only continues the crack in time storyline throughout the season but new and old enemies are brought together in the 2 part finale in \\"The Pandorica Opens\\" and \\"The Big Bang\\".  Along the way, we also run into the Daleks and another fan favorite known as the Weeping Angels in a spectacular episode.  Also in the mix, the Doctor's future bride River Song, played by Alex Kingston, is in several episodes and she hints about things about her that the Doctor might not like hearing about.  Look to see her next season for a clearer explanation.<br />  I realize that some people may not take to Matt Smith but if given a chance, you'll find him hilarious, serious and a little sinister at times.  The character of Amy Pond is a strong willed person that at times might seem annoying but her courage and cleverness makes up for her bullheadedness that makes her the polar opposite of Rose Tyler and Martha Jones and more like former companions Tegan or Donna Noble.  This is an excellent series so far and with Matt Smith as the lead, look for some more great years to come.  The series has alot of great extras like the Video Diaries of the actors, additional scenes from certain episodes that continue just a little longer and Doctor Who Confidential, outtakes and trailers.  I highly recommend this and it arrived real fast when I ordered it.  Remember, the Doctor is the same person...he just has a different face after each regeneration.  Enjoy!a little sinister at times.  The character of Amy Pond is a strong willed person that at times might seem annoying but her courage and cleverness makes up for her bullheadedness that makes her the polar opposite of Rose Tyler and Martha Jones and more like former companions Tegan or Donna Noble.  This is an excellent series so far and with Matt Smith as the lead, look for some more great years to come.  The series has alot of great extras like the Video Diaries of the actors, additional scenes from certain episodes that continue just a little longer and Doctor Who Confidential, outtakes and trailers.  I highly recommend this and it arrived real fast when I ordered it.  Remember, the Doctor is the same person...he just has a different face after each regeneration.  Enjoy!
B004N62KTG|5.0|I really enjoy the CD, and it got here fast!  Thank You!
B004I2K4DY|5.0|I read there has been a lot of criticism re: the decision to cast Nick Jonas in the role of Marius for this concert. I did not find it a distraction. He does a credible job, not a great actor for certain, but he has a good singing voice. He was in the company of some very accomplished West End and internationally well known people and was bound to suffer by comparison. The DVD is a wonderful collection of orchestration and singing from Alfie Boe, Lea Solanga, Samantha Barks, Ramin Karimloo, Norm Lewis, Colm Wilkinson, Michael Ball, Rebecca Caine, Frances Ruffelle and the casts from the two companies of Les Miz, playing in London at the time. They perform selections from the musical play, in a format that tells the story of this Victor Hugo novel. Good recording and well edited,. This DVD is a keeper with two plus hours of very listenable music.
B001TKD4ZI|4.0|I found this book very enjoyable.  You should know before choosing to read it that it's very campy.  Maybe you'll like that, or maybe it will annoy the heck out of you.  I personally found it very funny and entertaining.  A vampire needs a dentist?  Okay, it's ridiculous and silly, but I can't even think about it without giggling.  A lot of the book was like that, silly and campy, but for a fun, light, enjoyable read for when you just need to relax and read something fun, I thought this book was great.    Roman is extremely angsty.  He hates himself completely.  I am a total sucker for angsty, I-hate-myself vampires, so I absolutely fell in love with that part of the book.  It made me wish that was the main feature of the book and that the book wasn't so silly at times.  His back-story really moved me.  His feelings about himself are exactly what I look for in a lead vampire.  However, I did find his characterization inconsistent at times.  I find it difficult to believe that Roman could be so confident with Shanna if he hated what he was so much.    Shanna I liked at times and hated at times.  She is a strong, professional, intelligent woman, which is good to see in paranormal romance.  However out of nowhere she would act weak at times.  Also she would get angry at Roman for no good reason and would lash out at him, which I found annoying.  Still this only occurred in a few parts and wasn't that big a deal.    The only real disappointment for me was that the ending was very rushed.  A lot of things were set up in this book.  Of course it's the first in a long series, so I didn't expect much to be resolved, but the book made it seem like problems were instantly fixed and no longer a problem, when obviously these problems should be a huge deal and not so easily dismissed.  Considering the next book moves on to a different couple, that was a major letdown for me.    All in all I found this a fun read.  If you like books that try to be silly at times, I think you'll like it.  If you really get into angsty, self-loathing vampires, this is the book for you.  But if neither of those things do it for you, I'd skip this book.  It's not an epic or amazing book.  It's just a fun, light, entertaining read.
B004C4IKCU|5.0|This is a great selection of early Elvis hits from the 60's. If you're an Elvis fan, you're sure to love this collection.
0962477060|4.0|This seems to be THE book to really understand the layout of the guitar fretboard.     This is a must have for anyone interested to moving beyond basic chords and motorizing picking from you-tube videos.
B00005N5S2|3.0|General Douglas MacArthur casts a long shadow over the entire Eastern Pacific region but this bio pic really does not do him justice.  It feels like a the writers took a collection of his speeches, put them in order and filmed them, splicing some WWII and Korean war combat footage between them to build a narrative.<br /><br />Gregory Peck does a fantastic job of looking noble and heroic, and gives great speeches but never really comes to life; through the whole film he is stiff and dull.  We get glimpses of his humanity, and some of the final scenes as he is removed from command and watches General Eisenhower become president are well-done but for the rest of the film he is about as human as a presidential robot at Disney World.<br /><br />The script raises some powerful questions about MacArthur's ego, whether his ideas of war still worked in the atomic age and civilian control of the military.  But it passes over them with platitudes and never really challenges the viewer.<br /><br />The mix of recreations and stock footage from WWII and Korea makes the whole film feel cheap.  The stock footage is easy to spot and the recreations look like they were filmed in a studio backlot.  Compared to Patton or A Bridge Too Far everything looks fake.<br /><br />MacArthur has a powerful story to tell and that makes it worth watching, but it's a mediocre job at best.
0307341550|5.0|After reading \\"Dark Places\\" I wanted to read more from this author.  I loved Dark Places. I like this better.
0596009208|5.0|I don't think there is a better introduction to Java book, than the Head First Series<br /><br />[Pros]<br /><br />Never boring: Lots of pictures and diagrams. You will not want to put the book down.<br /><br />Plain Language: They try very hard to avoid using jargon, and when they do use it; they immediately explain it.<br /><br />Quizes and Puzzles: Helps you retain what you learned.<br /><br />Covers most of the basics<br /><br />Good for review<br /><br />[Cons]<br /><br />Concurrency (anything to do with threads) is a really really important issue in programming languages. IMO the book wastes times on things (SWING, etc...) that could be covered separately in other books, instead of adding more content for Java concurrency issues. Threading deserves its own section. That being said beginner readers will need to get another book [[ASIN:0321349601 Java Concurrency in Practice]]<br /><br />Semi out of date: I believe this book was based on J2SE 5. J2SE 7 is already on the horizon. That being said, this book is still relevant even when J2SE 7 comes out but there are new features that are missing such as easier to use constructs for multi-threading in J2SE 6.<br /><br />I wish these guys would write a version of this book for C, C++, and Objective-C (The iPhone book is a start, but it should cover the language itself more.)
B004EBZX6W|5.0|i use this app almost everyday for work.  its a nice simple app that works with no glitches or hang ups.  great for site surveys when trying to establish a new access point.  droid 2.2
B002ZG981E|5.0|This a psychological thriller that centers around a man (played by Leonardo DiCaprio) who makes his living off of stealing information from the minds of others through their dreams. We get to see how he delves further in this type of corporate espionage by implanting thoughts as well. You will find out his involvement in thought implantation is more personal than it seems.<br /><br />Pros:<br />This is an interesting and complex story that causes you to think. It doesn't have much if any bad language that I can remember. The acting is believable.  Seems perfectly cast, and an overall beautiful film. This movie will make you reconsider Leonardo DiCaprio if he isn't already one of your favorite actors. A heavy story was treated with a lighter hand (it could have been more dark and depressing).<br /><br />Cons:<br />There are some intense images/themes (suicide/aggression) unsuitable for small children. You have to pay attention throughout the film to understand story, will probably have to see twice to pick it all up. Though not totally depressing, it's not a happy, feel-good movie, either.<br /><br />Ultimately, I walked away from watching the film grateful for living the life I do with the family that I have.
0780622553|4.0|Do you still like dark, weird, creepy monster, and science fiction movies, \\"well do yah?\\" Is there still a strange teenager locked up inside your mind that thinks about space aliens, time travel, and alternate reality, then this is the film for you. This movies strength comes not from costly special effects but rather a good story line, acting, cinematography, art direction, and set design. Where is this city, who are its inhabitants, what's going on here, and why can't our hero seem to find that beautiful \\"Shell Beach\\" he used to travel to on the train? Oh yes this is sci-fi film noir, and just like a continuing nightmare full of unwelcomed surprises'. Is this a city of the future, like in Blade Runner or is something else happening here?  Well by now you have to be asking yourself a question, \\" have I written five or six run on sentences? \\"Do yah feel lucky, well do yah pal?\\"
0767836324|5.0|quick delivery, great condition, great price. this is a movie from my childhood, re-watched it as soon as i unwrapped it.
B000055Y0X|5.0|\\"Dr. Strangelove\\" is one of the greatest dark comedies in American cinema. A brilliant, hysterical screenplay, talented actors, and actress giving some of the best performances of their careers, produced and directed by the gifted Stanley Kubrick. Who else but the director that made us laugh at the malfunctioning computer named HAL 9000 that was killing off astronauts in his classic \\"2001, A Space Odessa\\", could do in again concerning a nuclear holocaust. How was Peter Sellers able to pull off three separate roles as an ultra-liberal American President, a confused British Captain assigned to an American airbase, and the hysterically weird (ex-Nazi) nuclear weapons expert? We are slowly and surely drawn into this comedic farce without the use of costly special effects, but rather by creative set design, props, moody lighting, excellent cinematography, and the talent of a great director. The only real military object being the interior of a B-52 bomber, whose actual operational procedures were still top secret at the time. How were George C. Scott, Sterling Hayden, Tracy Reed, and Slim Pickens actually able to pull off their convincing performances with Sellers romping around the set in various disguises'? In almost every respect this movie is \\"over the top\\" with its odd plot, gestures, punch lines, political parody, and hysterical performances. And strangely enough, as in all dark comedy one is left wondering whether the \\"doomsday\\" clock, like the HAL 9000 is still methodically counting down the seconds to our ultimate destruction...
B003YFIUW8|5.0|I highly recommend this book! It is one of my all time favorites. It is disturbing and inspiring. The relationship of the boy as narrator and his mother is so wonderfully thought provoking. Again I love it and don't think you will be disappointed if you choose this as your next read.
B004I2K4E8|5.0|The entire cast and production was absolutely breathtaking.  This video provides two and a half hours of wonderful entertainment.  The production had many memories because my husband and I were fortunate to see the production in London 25 years ago.  This production was even more spectacular with the chorus in the background and the excellent orchastra to back up the cast of singers.
0316056863|3.0|I enjoy Tina Fey's work on both SNL and Thirty Rock (gotta love those mom jeans!).   While I enjoyed her overall tone in the book and laughed at parts, I found the book to be lacking in overall organization.  It skipped around randomly in time for no literary reason.  Where was her editor?  Also, there was one chapter where she went on and on about which of her favorite writers wrote which of her favorite episodes and lines.  Really that was boring for me. It could have been fun for a cast and crew party but for people not working on the show, not so much!  All in all, it was a fun read.  And, Tina, if you happen to check your reviews, thank you for mentioning the teat natzis (I have been calling them breast feeding natzis for years).  As a fellow bottle feeder I really appreciated that.  I LOVED the comment about having them I.Q tested in 5 years to see whose kid is smarter.  I know more than a few breast fed kids who are the same age as mine (8 and 5) who my kids would smoke in an competition ;-)
B004J1DBJI|5.0|I love Wolfram Alpha. It does everything I want it to do and more. It can  tell me what time the sun rose on the day I was born or the percentage of the population that is named Jon. It will even compare things like GDP or even stock prices.
B004G6009U|4.0|Overall, this film fit very well amongst the other Disney Princess films. While the beginning was a bit slow and the singing felt a little unnatural and out-of-place, the tearjerking moments and comedic timing allow this film to stand up with the rest of Disney's greatest.
B003AXAS60|5.0|Cookie is my daughter's constant companion. We're not collectors of Ty stuff, so this toy is just a toy.<br />I love that Cookie doesn't beep, move, or light up.<br /><br />My daughter gets to be creative: Cookie sings and likes to stand on her head a lot. Tomatoes are her favorite snack. And more than once, Cookie has had to take a bath because she gets into the watercolors.<br /><br />She is the perfect size for cupholders or Mama's purse.<br /><br />Cookie had a run-in with a real dog yesterday and I had to patch up her nose, but that just makes her that more lovable.<br /><br />Update: Cookie 1 got lost at a greasy spoon restaurant while we were travelling. Cookie 2 showed up a few days after we got home. Kid didn't notice anything except that Cookie 2 was a little more plump and soft. (We told her the restaurant ladies had fed her pancakes.) Anyway, the quality on Cookie 2 wasn't as great as Cookie 1. Twice I've had to restitch seams that have popped open. The ears aren't exactly the same length.
0375842209|5.0|I had to order this book for a college class. I was able to get it cheaper on Amazon and more quickly than my classmates trying to get the book various other ways. I was able to get the book for a reasonable price and free 2 day shipping.     The book itself is fantastic, and one that I would recommend to anyone at a high school, college, or even adult level. The interesting concept of the book being narrated by death draws you into the plot and really puts you into the story. At the end of the book, I was sad that it was over and felt that I had connected to the characters and knew them personally even though it was only a story. This is a book I plan on reading many, many times, and I hope you will enjoy it as well!!
B004J1DBJI|1.0|this app force closes every time I run it on my thunderbolt, every time I run it on my on my thunderbolt thunderbolt it crashes every time
B004I2K4E8|5.0|Great performances of great music. Full costumed, but not fully staged, but if you know the play, you will love this DVD. So nice to see the original cast members reprising their big numbers at the end of the regular performance, especially Colm Williamson.
B000063V8R|5.0|Absolutely love being able to watch TNG from the beginning, in sequence.  Marvelous!!  And HATE that Amazon insists on shipping me DVD sets in padded envelopes. I returned the Season Two set TWICE because this beautiful boxed set arrived crushed.  After two returns, the third time they contacted me personally, and shipped it well packaged in a box.  Season Three arrived yesterday, again in a whimpy envelope.      There seems to be nothing to do up front to avoid this - I've tried marking it as a gift, and writing a Gift Note.  I even changed my address so the second line reads \\"PLEASE SHIP MY STUFF IN A BOX, NOT AN ENVELOPE.\\"    Back to the product - Well designed experience, beautiful packaging. Very well done!
014241543X|5.0|Since I just reviewed If I Stay's sequel, I thought I should give this masterpiece the fair rating *it* deserves too.    Which is perfection.    I read this book while camping with my boyfriend.  I never cried so many times over a book.  Months later, I still think about it, but as more than just a character in a book.  I think about the philosophies entwined in it, the morality of life, and even of the choosing life.  Mia's burden of being a possible lone survivor, but also the pain of causing more hurt to those she'd leave behind if she decided to take the \\"easy\\" route and die....it was all brilliant.    Kim and Adam played the perfect parts, loving Mia, but retaining unique personalities and forms of grief.  Adam's delivery of the Yo-Yo Ma piece was so brilliant and sorrowful...I still get the shivers.     The flashes of the present, mixed with the memories of the past, make the tragedy that occurred more and more devastating with each passing chapter.  when Mia's parents originally die, yes, it is sad and horrible, but the impact gets heavier as we learn more about the absolute love of each other and music that the whole family shared.  By the time we learn of Teddy's death, I feel it as though I lost a family member as well.    The perspective is brilliant.  I never would have thought of it in a million years, and the originality is only outdone by the author's brilliant ability to make the reader care so much about each character we come across.  A definite read for ANYONE who doesn't mind shedding a few tears.  This will forever be a favorite of mine.
B004J1DBJI|5.0|I love Wolfram Alpha! As an engineering student in college, the math capabilities alone make this app worth every penny. I am so excited that I have this on my own phone.
0061726826|5.0|Who doesn't love a good distopia bubbling with forbidden love?  Well, this world takes \\"forbidden love\\" and puts it on steroids.        And I love it.    I actually read this back around the Christmas season, but was unable to review it.  I re-read it just now, and remembered that I hadn't given it the review it deserved.  So, in short, I liked a lot about this book, and even thoroughly enjoyed the compelling ending, though I am sure many were unhappy with it. My favorite parts (beyond the romance, which was to die for...literally in the characters cases) were the beginnings of each chapter, where we get to read an article or law or excerpt from this love-less world.  It really helped build the suspension of disbelief, or at least it did for me.    A must read for fans of love and utopias gone wrong.
B004J1DBJI|4.0|Already owned this one on Android Market. since you can use Alpha in your browser or search tool, you're essentially paying for a scientific keyboard entry and advanced output view. Use alpha for almost any data based questions, processor speeds, populations, market shares, stock market values, calories and nutritional calculation, etc. oh. And it also solves math problems, but that's not the most creative use of the engine. while I give the service 5 stars, I am reviewing the app here. It's a pretty frontend but nothing to write home about. Could have been free or even 99 cents.
0525422943|3.0|This review will hint at huge spoilers, so if you don't want to have an idea of the plot/ending, don't read.    Though this book was as well written as \\"If I Stay\\" it lacked so much of what made the first book great.    If i Stay had such a unique and heart wrenching perspective.  A girl in a coma, deciding whether life is worth living after such a traumatic car accident...it was full of inspiration and possibility.  Where She Went was the opposite.  If you take away the first novel, this is simply a book about two high school sweethearts who re-meet a few years later, but are considerably more famous.  No real room for originality, you know?  I felt Mia's character was...well, I didn't feel her character.  I felt like this girl I had come to know so well through the first novel was now so far away (as far away as she felt about Adam, I suppose...) And she was cruel to Adam, in a way I can't imagine.  The ending, as others have stated, was too easy.  The whole book revolved around the motive behind Mia's behavior after leaving for Julliard, and we are left with a rather complicated reason, and without much in the way of apologies.      This book seemed to be a confirmation of what could already be inferred at the end of the first book. Mia lived, and she lived because of the love and passion she felt from Adam.  Would she be forever changed after the horrific accident? Yes.  Would their relationship become even more strained, possibly falling apart in the process?  Yes.  Would their passionate love for one another triumph? Yes.  I felt all of these things were implied then, and so everything in this book was rather expected.  The only thing I didn't expect, as I said earlier, was exactly how cruel Mia was to Adam.  I'm sure a lot of people with disagree with my harsh criticism of Mia, but I just don't find her behavior believable when comparing it to the unwavering love she felt for Adam in the first book, and even in snippets of this one.  It is this lack of believability that was the hardest pill to swallow.     This was still well written, though. It lacked originality and purpose, but it was  *still good*.  The memories Adam had of a time before the accident were some of my favorite parts.  Perhaps a prequel would be a good idea?  It made me miss Teddy and Kat and Denny so much, and it made me miss Mia.  I empathized with Adam incredibly, and was glad I got to know him as personally as I did Mia in If I Stay.  And while I cried a bunch in If I Stay, I did cry once in Where She Went.  And no, it wasn't when Adam was broken hearted or when reading his spectacularly wonderful and angsty lyrics (very good stuff on the part of the author), but when Mia said he was a gift from her parents, just like her first cello.  THAT got me.  THOSE lines were the ones that made me remember exactly how damn good If I Stay was, and by comparison, how ordinary Where She Went is.      I look forward to more work by this author, because she has a real knack for tuning into human emotion and loss.  I just feel that she missed the mark on this sequel, which I have been looking forward to for months.
B000002OZY|4.0|I gave this package 4 stars only because you really should get the two-disc set recently released with demos and alternate takes on it.  That's a much greater value.    If Pete Townshend really does think The Who will be measured primarily by \\"Tommy,\\" he really doesn't have a good grasp of his own oeuvre.  By most people's count, Who's Next is The Who's masterpiece.     \\"Tommy\\" is the first, and maybe the greatest of the rock operas.  Released the same year as The Kinks' \\"Arthur\\" and The Moody Blues' \\"On the Threshold of a Dream,\\" it is part of The Who's best creative period, which ended with \\"Quadrophenia.\\"      It is also very much a transition album for The Who.  In musical style, it is the last album to feature their wonderful three-part Beach Boys-like harmonies and '60's pop style.  While touring \\"Toommy\\" all over the world, Roger Daltrey (maybe the best male singer in pop) developed a more full-thoated style of singing, which he featured to good effect on all subsequent Who albums.  The synthesizers which made their first appearance on Who's Next also, of course, absent here.    Townshend has in many interviews also credited bass player extraodinaire John Entwistle with playing a pivotal role in putting \\"Tommy\\" together.  He said he had the various ideas in his head, but they didn't gel until Entwistle popped up with \\"Cousin Kevin.\\"  The expanded edition has on it Entwistle's first treatment for \\"Cousin Kevin\\" -- \\"Cousin Kevin Model Child.\\"  Both songs put in the two sides of kevin's personality -- the model child in front of the adults and the beast within.  Entwistle's \\"Uncle Ernie\\" is just pure bass pounding and was one of The Who's big numbers live.    Unlike Townshend's later efforts which are self-contained, \\"Tommy\\" builds on earlier songs, especially tracks from 1967's \\"The Who Sell Out,\\" their parody of British BBC radio.  \\"See Me, Feel Me\\" is built on a similar phrase in the earlier album's \\"I Can't Reach You.\\"  \\"It's a Boy\\" comes right out of a song\\"Glow Girl\\" which was recorded earlier and appears on The Who's 1973 collection \\"Odds and Sods\\" (which also contains a slightly different version of \\"Cousin Kevin Model Child\\").  The main theme of \\"Sparks\\" and \\"Underture\\" (admittedly filler) as well as the emphasis on Christmas (a couple of early treatments of \\"Chistmas\\" are on the two-CD set) came right out of the two-song cycle \\"Rael\\" (one song of which appeared on \\"Sell Out\\").  Thus, you can see the development of Townshend's ideas over time.    On the negative side, \\"Tommy\\" is, thematically, somewhat dated.  It is built on the mystic teachings of Meher Baba, which is credited as \\"Avatar\\" on the album.  As other reviewers have noted, however, it still stands up well as a total work with classics like \\"I'm Free,\\" \\"Pinball Wizard,\\" \\"Uncle Ernie,\\" and of course \\"See Me, Feel Me.\\"    If you are putting together a collection of great albums, this one has to be in it.
030726999X|1.0|felt obligated to read the whole series, but by the middle of the 1st one it became an unbelievable story about a whiney brat...I just don't get HOW this series took over the literary world.
B002UNMW7O|3.0|When I first heard that there was finally a sequel to the original Boondock Saints I could not have been more excited!! That was one of the most thrilling, fun, humorous, and insightful movies I have ever seen. But the sequel....<br />The ending to the first gave the impression that they would continue on as the vengeful voice of the people who are fed up with crime bosses getting away with anything. Only to find out in the sequel that they RAN AWAY right after that public spectacle of vigilantism?? It made no sense!<br />There were a LOT of things that just reminded me of the first movie only not as well done (the idiotic side kick, the FBI agent ally, the moronic Boston cops).<br />The only thing I think this movie stayed true to is the relationship between the brothers. Their loyalty and affection for each other above all is remarkable. Also, their constant bickering which causes problems for the characters generally leads to huge laughs for the audience.<br />Another thing I couldn't help but notice was that Sean Patrick Flanery has not aged well. Each time they gave him full face shot I couldn't help but think of the Santa Claus movie where Tim Allen gets puffy cheeks and a beard to become Santa- SPF looked like he was undergoing the same change! Yes, I understand people change as they age but Norman Reedus didn't seem to have the same problem.<br />I do not know the process of how this second Boondock Saints movie came about but I think they could've done without! The first movie was perfect. The sequel kinda ruins the mythology a bit. And although I thought it was very interesting to learn how their family got started on their path I do think they spent WAY too much time on the back story.<br />I will watch my rental one more time to try and like this movie but I sincerely doubt this will ever make it into my movie collection.
B004NSULHM|4.0|I rather liked 3 the 8 songs on The King of Limbs, on their own, from first listen: Morning Mr. Magpie, Little By Little, and Lotus Flower. Bloom may be the most experimental track here, and first I found it interesting but not very listenable. However, it has been growing on me with every listen... and I have to remember that Radiohead have often challenged my assumptions about rock music in the past. Feral kind of annoys me, and the finishing trio of Codex and Give Up the Ghost and Separator are nice, but a bit sleepy.  Some of the record does sound like b-side material, as many people have been saying.  It's still interesting.  I used to collect Radiohead b-sides, and some of their old b-sides were real hidden gems. Some tracks here just don't stand out to me, but the record played as a whole is pretty chill and atmospheric.    I am happy to have it. Sure, I would prefer something more developed, another big production album reaching the heights of The Bends, OK Computer or Kid A, but it sounds like the band has burnt out on doing that.  If that's the case, then it's too bad, but at least they gave us several of the greatest rock albums I've ever heard.  So, getting some songs every now and then (like this) is better than nothing at all.      I vote four stars (a B).
B004HD2ZHC|5.0|I've been a minor fan of this band for a few years now, having appreciated some songs here and there from earlier albums. Personally, I love the direction they've gone on this album- I think it's their best yet, more 'mature' in a way. The album makes for a wonderful listening experience. Moods swirl together in smooth transitions from one song to the next, filling your mind with fantastic imagery in the vein of the wonderful album artwork that accompanies it. The rock riffs when they come are catchy, often turning into more emotion-packed songs that I greatly enjoyed. Simply put, it's an absolutely beautiful album, one I can't stop listening to. Absolutely worth every penny.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|let's me store, send, and retrieve notes sites, just about anything. best thing is I can access it on my desktop which is wonderful since my phone screen size is small.
B000MR9BVK|5.0|The softest and purest female voicals ever heard backed by an incredible Celtic orchestra makes this the music DVD I play to relax and clear my mind from the day's troubles.  Celtic Woman lifts the spirit and refreshes the mind. It is nothing less than incredible!
1608870081|5.0|This was a very neat book.  I bought 3 copies, 1 for myself, my mother in law and my sister.  The pictures are very detailed and a fun addition for any Harry Potter fan!
B00475AYJQ|5.0|Well, I think all the arguments about Kvothe being a Mary Sue are put to rest. He couldn't possibly screw up much more than he did this book. The love chase between Kvothe and Denna is still fascinating. There is a lot of world building going on here and some of it takes some time. It has a couple of slow spots but I really, really enjoyed the book over all.  Rothfuss sheds more light on the University but not as much as I'd hoped for. Rothfuss wrote sex into the book tastefully unlike a great many authors. I can't remember the last time I lost so much sleep trying to finish a book. I have to agree with some of the other reviewers however, I have no idea how Rothfuss can hope to wind this story up in one last(third) book. But I can't wait to buy it and find out... Now if Rothfuss will just write a little faster.
B0042RUMEQ|5.0|Love, love, love this album it is so empowering and packed full of inspirational tracks. I listen to this cd religiously. I know practically every song by heart. I am mesmerized by Nicki Minaj. I love this entire cd. When you forget to love, need a lil lift, and have haters trying to destroy your world, Pink Friday will help you remember why they hate you and remind you to love yourself because you are on the \\"brink of Greatness\\" !! Enjoy !!
B004I2K4DY|5.0|I have the previous version of Le Miz too. This one has exceptional singers. Lea Salong would be wonderful in any part!
B0029LHX1W|5.0|Child 44 is one of the best books I've read in years.  There is intrigue, action, great character development all against the backdrop of Stalinist Russia.  Great Read!
B004GYY714|3.0|Same exact app as Radiotime that is not a free app. A rose by any other name... Works reasonably well, but will crash regularly on my Droid  The app just quits working in the middle of a broadcast. It just disappears from running apps  When you reopen it, it's like starting over for the session. Sometimes the stream just stops for no apparent reason, too. Valuable for travelers keeping in touch with home stations.  Wish it were more reliable.
B003Q6D1YW|2.0|I believe this to be a scripted docu-drama-- where the audience is as taken in as the young cinematographer appears to be.   For me, it's just too coincidental that a road-trip to find out the truth taken by cinematographers should wind up exactly like a well-plotted mystery film!
0817439390|5.0|If you were to go to any photography forums and post a thread asking for a list of the best photographic books for improving your ability, inevitably this book would make the top five on every forum.    Peterson has an easy flowing, fun style about his writing and you get the feeling that you could sit and talk to this guy for hours.  An added bonus to buying the book is a link to his website and free downloads of videos on various photo setups.  To access the website you have to follow through a list of clues found in the book that will lead you to these little treasures.    A must have book for anyone who wants to better themselves in the field of photography.
030745455X|3.0|As a follow up to \\"The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo\\", \\"The Girl Who Played With Fire\\" isn't too bad. I highly recommend that you don't start here though, as you will be completely lost regarding certain aspects of the story, make sure you read \\"Dragon Tattoo\\" first.<br /><br />\\"Played with Fire\\" takes off about a year after the events in \\"Tattoo\\". Mikael Blomkvist and his magazine Millenium are about to tackle a new assignment exposing the vast network of sex traffickers in Sweden. The expose will name quite a few prominent businessmen, politicians and mobsters. And when the two authors of the piece are executed just before publication, Bolmkvist finds himself mired in a whirlwind of cover-ups, intrigue and espionage while trying to locate the killer.<br /><br />I will say that when \\"The Girl Who Played With Fire\\" finally settles into its main storyline, it is pretty entertaining. The only problem is that, the main storyline doesn't really appear until a few hundred pages into the novel. There is so much fluff with Salander's adventures on a tropical island during a hurricane, Salander hooking up with an old girlfriend, Salander shopping for furniture etc. This seven hundred page novel could have easily been trimmed by about 250 pages and nothing would have been lost. Worst of all, we are introduced to a thirteen year old girl in the opening pages of the story who is in a dire situation...and we never learn who she is or what her happened to her?<br /><br />Larsson does add some really interesting characters to his already colorful cast in \\"Fire\\". The blond giant who cannot feel pain made for a frightening figure, and while I felt she added nothing to the main storyline of the novel, I did enjoy the character of Miriam Yu.<br /><br />\\"The Girl Who Played With Fire\\" could also be suffering from simply being the middle book in a trilogy. I'm looking forward to reading the 3rd book in this series, and hopefully some of the elements introduced here play a more vital part in the final entry of this trilogy?rilogy?
B004J1DBJI|2.0|Force closes after every search on Thunderbolt running 2.2 Froyo. Have to re open every time to see results. Not real useful in its current form.
B0010OMXKA|1.0|I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH MY PURCHASE. i COULD NOT WATCH YOUR DVD ON MY WIDE SCREEN TV AS YOUR DVD IS NOT COMPATIBLE WITH MY DVD PLAYER. I WAS REALLY LOOKING FORWARD TO WATCHING THIS WITH A GROUP  OF FRIENDS I HAD INVITED FOR DINNER AND COULD NOT WATCH IT.      LILY
0670022411|2.0|This book shouldn't be called a novel, it should be called 1/3 of a novel.  This is a long, drawn out, frequently repetitive book leading to no resolution.  By about page 300, it became clear that the author was short of material but still really really wanted to write a trilogy.  Even then, I kept reading hoping for a resolution that never came. Silly me.    Gosh darn it, when did endings go out of style?    I suppose why sell one book when you can needlessly draw out one story and sell that same customer three books instead.
B004I2K4DY|5.0|:) I really enjoyed this show!!!  I have to say that Alfie Boe as Val Jean was great.  Though Nick Jonas seemed a little uncertain at times, I did enjoy him as Marius.  I've seen the 10th Anniversary DVD and I liked this one better simply because they chose to act out the whole musical throughout the concert, not just sing the songs.  It helped fill in the gaps for me.  Since I've not been able to afford to go to the theater to see this wonderful musical, it was a blessing for me to be able to see it through this format.  I guess if you were a real critic, you could find stuff to be at fault in this rendition, but I just enjoyed the music, and the chance to see the whole musical on screen.  I've even got my boys singing some of the songs with me, especially 'One More Day'.  I hope to see them do this with more broadway musicals. It is a wonderful format to bring the musical theater to those of us who can't afford to go ourselves. Thanks!!!
B0029NY9EE|5.0|I am delighted with my Kindle3, and have since ordered many ebooks through Amazon.com.  The speed of downloading this book was exceedingly fast.  This collection has several excellent books, and I was able to \\"purchase\\" it at no cost.
B002BSHXJA|4.0|I love this collection and the price was hard to beat.  The discs are in great shape, but the cover to the White Album is shot....all in all I am pleased with this purchase.
B00007LTIA|5.0|I loved it before, I still love it now.  Its complexity is interesting and fun to listen to.  Tales is simply one of the best compilations ever imagined, probably in many metaphoric dreams.
B0011TMGKG|4.0|I got her this toy when she was 2 months old and couldnt stop staring at it, she loved it back then and she loves it now that she is 8 months... the rings in its left arm let loose and I belive this happen when she was like 6 months old (not a strong baby yet, so it brook easily) but she loves it, the sound, the colors and the textures. Great gift!
B004J1DBJI|5.0|This app is great for advanced and simple math equations. If you're in a math class or work ith math on a daily basis, this app is for you!
B004L3AQLU|5.0|Having been diagnosed with Parkinson's disease in my forties, I felt at times that I was watching a movie about myself.  The little tremors that you aren't even thinking about that someone else notices, the overwhelming desire to joke about it, the frustration of dropping glasses, all rang true.  Most of all,  Jake Gyllenhall captures  perfectly the looks and concerns of the partner of a person with Parkinson's Disease, and some of the dialogue could have been straight out of my marriage.  I think the movie tied together more than the critics understood.  The importance of sex in the movie becomes clear in the one scene where she tremors during love making, and he tenderly and naturally holds her shaking hand.  The fear of the person with Parkinson's disease that she will hold back her partner from enjoying his life and the need to be accepted as is (incurably sick) are all extremely sensitively portrayed.  Jake Gyllenhall perfectly captures that look of love mixed with concern that makes a person with Parkinson's Disease want to send their partner away.  But, he gets it right in the end, when the look changes to just love, and he finally, but simply says \\"it's okay\\".
B004J1DBJI|4.0|I found it easily on Android Market, 1.99.  So if you want that search association then get it there.  Amazon has done a nice job given the limitations Google locked into their setup.  Regardless, the app seems semi useful depending.  I found it interesting it actually could calculate the air speed velocity of an unladen European swallow.  It couldn't help with the 40 some types of African swallows though.  If this app can do things similar to TasteKid plus all else it does, I might just buy it aside from Amazon's free download.  I hope they improve the keyboard a bit in future updates, as well as broadening results for obscure subjects... Time to toy with it more.
0316056863|5.0|I definitely expected to like this book because I was always a fan of Tina Fey on SNL and I LOVE 30 Rock. However, I was impressed at how funny and engaging it was without heading too far into sleaze. I love filth as much as the next gal, but some female comedians (Chelsea Handler for one) seem to rely on shock factor BS to be funny. I love filth as much as the next gal, but sometimes it just seems too forced. Tina Fey on the other hand, knows how to be hilarious without trying too hard to be raunchy or scandalous. We just get bits here and there and they work perfectly. She's not trying too hard to be \\"one of the guys.\\"    Tina's writing is short and sweet, and I found myself laughing out loud on just about every other page. She also seems to add in all of the random tidbits that I would be too embarrassed to ask about if I was listening to the story in real life. She knows exactly what to reveal to keep you interested and laughing (the part about not pooping on the table during labor made me cry with laughter. It's the question I'm always wondering when people talk about chilbirth but would never ask. But she knew to tell the reader- hilarious!) Oh, and despite the fact that some people consider \\"feminism\\" to be a dirty word, Tina is a great representative of a successful, powerful, engaging and imperfect woman. I don't care how schmaltzy it sounds- she's an inspiration to all people, not just women. I would definitely recommend this book!
0061714372|5.0|I purchased the book to read Mr.Mustaine's perspective on the old gossip and rumors we've heard about him throughout his career.He gives those answers as we take a stroll through his childhood,peek into his growing career and then gives us a sense of relief as he coalesces into a fully formed entity.   His honesty is expected as is his self-destructive lifestyle.What stands out is his individualistic moral code,justified contradictions,perfectionism,passion,ethics and dedication.He forges full steam ahead through life-living hard,learning the hard way,playing hard and loving hard.He burns out,rebuilds himself and drives on.Repeatedly.He is basically unapologetic,he doesn't need to be.He pays a heavy price for his sins.    He took an eratic,violent childhood that was leading to prison and death and climbed,dragging himself and others at times,to the top of the rock heap.He is an egotistical,demanding,Independent,humble,control junkie,alpha male with an odd religious bent.He has shared all of this with us and at the end he closes out like a true hero-he walks tall,semi- at peace,a confident man,into an old western movie sunset.  Genius borders on madness just as individual artistic creativity borders on complex simplicity and mass popularity borders on isolation.  We are the sum of our experiences.  A man that lives with great passion pays with great pain.  Good art makes you feel,great art makes you think.  As with his voice,he ain't perfect but he is perfectly unique.  Rock and Roll hall of fame may not be ready to induct such an original talent,yet.But he will eventually make it there,i hope he remembers his band mates then.He didn't get where he is totally alone.
B00005KARJ|5.0|I was very pleased that I received the video so quickly.  It was shrink-wrapped and in perfect condition.  Great service!  Thanks so much.
0316069353|1.0|I was about to punch the buy button when I got to thinking about the price. I enjoy Connelly, but when the Kindle price is the same as the hard copy....nope.
B004I2K4DY|5.0|A friend called and said \\"Les Miserables\\" was on NPR....I almost didn't change the channel.  I had seen it on the stage and also had the CD.   What a terrible lost to me had I not changed the channel!  I have never spent a more enjoyable and \\"soul-feeding\\" night.  Not only did I get the present performers, but was able to enjoy a feature with the former performers from earlier productions.  As for it being in concert format....it lost none of it impact in that genre.  It just \\"blew my socks off\\"!  Buy it!  It's a keeper and one you will enjoy more than once.[[ASIN:B004I2K4DY Les Miserables: The 25th Anniversary Concert]]
B00005RHGL|5.0|This is NOT a kid's Saturday afternoon shoot-em-up! This is arguably the greatest Western movie ever produced. The casting, cinematography, directing. costuming, settings, etc., etc., etc. are IMHO absolutely second to none. It is also, compared to the vast majority of western movies I have seen, the most true to history of any historical western ever filmed that is not an out and out documentary. My sincere thanks to those who produced this work of art and history and hope that someday it may be included in the archives of outstanding historical works.
B004J1DBJI|4.0|Very impressive. Tons of data. Fast responces.  runs great on droid x. Be sure to ask it &quot;Are you Skynet?&quot; 25 words yet ok ok
1599219751|5.0|A track to freedom could be another title for this book.  Really enjoyed reading this book, in part because it reenergized some old memories I had,  when I tracked to freedom from Budapest to Austria in 1956  (more then half a century ago  after Nov 4 when the Soviets reoccupied Hungary !  It was interesting to observe through the story in this book that youth alone (and youthful   way of thinking and optimism) wins at the end.    This observation (in this book) compares well with my experience after I arrived in the USA.  I did not have any connections, did not know the language, had no relatives, no acquaintances,   no work experience - (I was still a student) and  did not have any money, not even one penny   in my pocket. did not own anything,   I only had youth and hope, just like the 7 (8) escapees   in the book. Youth (health) was all I needed as my life history showed in the following 55 years.    AMAZON VERIFIED PURCHASE
B0040ZPLBY|5.0|Excellent characters, funny and entertaining. Obviously trying to keep a children audience, the combat are always \\"nice\\", no blood, no direct blow visible, still this does not distract from the story telling.    But Amazon where is Season 2 ??!!
B000001ESJ|5.0|Classic Rush.  I got it for \\"Xanadu\\", but all the songs are great.  If you are looking at this you must already be a Rush fan, so just buy it!
B004RJMUJO|5.0|love this game, great way to pass time and it's very fun! I liked the free version but the ad free is even better. Lol the 25 word min on here is hilarious
0786888628|4.0|The Coldest War is a bit odd for a war history. It's a nearly equal mix of larger geopolitical struggles driving the war and stories of individual soldiers along the lines of Stephen Ambrose's works. It's not a bad mix, and at times it's nice to get both perspectives on the war. Still, at times I felt like the going back and forth left part of the story untold. For example, the book spends surprisingly little time discussing General Ridgeway's life and background. It's not even clear what happened to him after the war. Then, we're introduced to infantry troops who, on short notice, become major protagonists. Hopefully, this means the book will appeal even to readers who already have some familiarity with the Korean War. Overall, the book is well written and accessible, so even readers unfamiliar with the history can enjoy it.
1416563156|5.0|I was not a fan of Indy 4 (Indy and the Kingdom of the Shallow Cash In) and initially guessed this was going to be Indy 4-related garbage to rake in more cash.    I have also been working on recreating Indy-related props and was googling around the internet.  Some of these guys spend a lot of time and money making painstakingly accurate props, \\"Grail Diaries\\" and so on... and the most serious Indy prop-maker I found is Anthony Magnoli -- the author of this book!    All that to say, if you are an Indy fan you can buy this and enjoy it with the knowledge that it was composed not by some cheeseball author between more 'serious' projects, but by someone who's probably spend thousands of hours lovingly recreating pieces of Indy History down to the smallest details.      The book is fun and the author can be trusted.  Get this!
B00331OO2S|4.0|The Coldest War is a bit odd for a war history. It's a nearly equal mix of larger geopolitical struggles driving the war and stories of individual soldiers along the lines of Stephen Ambrose's works. It's not a bad mix, and at times it's nice to get both perspectives on the war. Still, at times I felt like the going back and forth left part of the story untold. For example, the book spends surprisingly little time discussing General Ridgeway's life and background. It's not even clear what happened to him after the war. Then, we're introduced to infantry troops who, on short notice, become major protagonists. Hopefully, this means the book will appeal even to readers who already have some familiarity with the Korean War. Overall, the book is well written and accessible, so even readers unfamiliar with the history can enjoy it.
0790749815|5.0|Sent quickly..great condition and everyone should have this classic before they don't print it anymore..you children's children will still love it!
1415944148|4.0|The Coldest War is a bit odd for a war history. It's a nearly equal mix of larger geopolitical struggles driving the war and stories of individual soldiers along the lines of Stephen Ambrose's works. It's not a bad mix, and at times it's nice to get both perspectives on the war. Still, at times I felt like the going back and forth left part of the story untold. For example, the book spends surprisingly little time discussing General Ridgeway's life and background. It's not even clear what happened to him after the war. Then, we're introduced to infantry troops who, on short notice, become major protagonists. Hopefully, this means the book will appeal even to readers who already have some familiarity with the Korean War. Overall, the book is well written and accessible, so even readers unfamiliar with the history can enjoy it.
B004J1DBJI|4.0|First off, let me say how impressed I am with Amazon. They are providing some great apps for free.    The app itself is great. They allow you to choose between their custom keyboard or the one you use for everything else. I prefer swype so I appreciate that option.    I'll use this app a limited number a times but think it will come in handy.
B004S7TUHA|4.0|The Coldest War is a bit odd for a war history. It's a nearly equal mix of larger geopolitical struggles driving the war and stories of individual soldiers along the lines of Stephen Ambrose's works. It's not a bad mix, and at times it's nice to get both perspectives on the war. Still, at times I felt like the going back and forth left part of the story untold. For example, the book spends surprisingly little time discussing General Ridgeway's life and background. It's not even clear what happened to him after the war. Then, we're introduced to infantry troops who, on short notice, become major protagonists. Hopefully, this means the book will appeal even to readers who already have some familiarity with the Korean War. Overall, the book is well written and accessible, so even readers unfamiliar with the history can enjoy it.
B001IBIHQ4|4.0|The movie I found to be moving and fast paced. As a former Marine I felt compeled to relate to the individuals in the film. As a matter of fact many on these Marines portryed were much like those men I served with and lead as a Marine Squad Leader and Platoon Sgt. It reflected the concept that the Corps is a calling. I was told once by an old warhorse GySgt, \\"the Marine Corps is the only branch of service where you become. In other words, all the other services you join but you become Marine\\".   During my years of service I have discovered that Marines are truly a breed unto themselves and there is no way others can see and understand them for who they are. But this pressentation came a long way to reflect the Corps and the caliber of those men and women who serviced     In closing,those who put this film together really did their homework. It was like being home again. Sempra Fi!
1401300529|4.0|The Coldest War is a bit odd for a war history. It's a nearly equal mix of larger geopolitical struggles driving the war and stories of individual soldiers along the lines of Stephen Ambrose's works. It's not a bad mix, and at times it's nice to get both perspectives on the war. Still, at times I felt like the going back and forth left part of the story untold. For example, the book spends surprisingly little time discussing General Ridgeway's life and background. It's not even clear what happened to him after the war. Then, we're introduced to infantry troops who, on short notice, become major protagonists. Hopefully, this means the book will appeal even to readers who already have some familiarity with the Korean War. Overall, the book is well written and accessible, so even readers unfamiliar with the history can enjoy it.
B004J1DBJI|4.0|Update: My previous review was from a long time ago. I just got this again and checked it out on a Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge. Launched fine, and solved a simple formula. Nice to see it shows the step-by-step without any silly subscribe to our monthly BS they do online. At quick glance I think the interface could be a bit nicer and more featured. Docked a star for that. Otherwise very happy with it.  Two stars simply because it sounds great. I don't know why certain Apps fail on the HTC Thunderbolt! I hope this gets fixed. You can view your search... But you must ensure a crash each and Everytime you do a search than reopen.
B002Z36LVM|4.0|The Coldest War is a bit odd for a war history. It's a nearly equal mix of larger geopolitical struggles driving the war and stories of individual soldiers along the lines of Stephen Ambrose's works. It's not a bad mix, and at times it's nice to get both perspectives on the war. Still, at times I felt like the going back and forth left part of the story untold. For example, the book spends surprisingly little time discussing General Ridgeway's life and background. It's not even clear what happened to him after the war. Then, we're introduced to infantry troops who, on short notice, become major protagonists. Hopefully, this means the book will appeal even to readers who already have some familiarity with the Korean War. Overall, the book is well written and accessible, so even readers unfamiliar with the history can enjoy it.
0316067938|1.0|If I could give this book 0 stars, I would.  It was without a doubt the worst book I've ever read.  Poorly written and unimaginitive...
B001IOS2AM|4.0|The Coldest War is a bit odd for a war history. It's a nearly equal mix of larger geopolitical struggles driving the war and stories of individual soldiers along the lines of Stephen Ambrose's works. It's not a bad mix, and at times it's nice to get both perspectives on the war. Still, at times I felt like the going back and forth left part of the story untold. For example, the book spends surprisingly little time discussing General Ridgeway's life and background. It's not even clear what happened to him after the war. Then, we're introduced to infantry troops who, on short notice, become major protagonists. Hopefully, this means the book will appeal even to readers who already have some familiarity with the Korean War. Overall, the book is well written and accessible, so even readers unfamiliar with the history can enjoy it.
B00005JM02|5.0|Received the DVD very quickly and the disc played just fine. No scratches or anything. The one we had was scratched and didn't play...my grandkids missed not being able to watch the Finding Nemo movie when they come over. The DVD from WookieBooks worked perfectly and my grandkids are happy.
B004PW8G28|4.0|The Coldest War is a bit odd for a war history. It's a nearly equal mix of larger geopolitical struggles driving the war and stories of individual soldiers along the lines of Stephen Ambrose's works. It's not a bad mix, and at times it's nice to get both perspectives on the war. Still, at times I felt like the going back and forth left part of the story untold. For example, the book spends surprisingly little time discussing General Ridgeway's life and background. It's not even clear what happened to him after the war. Then, we're introduced to infantry troops who, on short notice, become major protagonists. Hopefully, this means the book will appeal even to readers who already have some familiarity with the Korean War. Overall, the book is well written and accessible, so even readers unfamiliar with the history can enjoy it.
B004RJMUJO|5.0|Works great, not one crash (htc Incredible, inc-rom 1.5) love the humor. fun gameplay mechanics. The load times are annoying, but bearable. Worth the cheap price for a great game.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|The Hunger Games, Catching Fire, and MockingJay make up one of the best series I have ever read! It is instantly captivating, and once you are drawn into the book it is impossible to put down. I normally don't even read science-fiction type novels, yet I loved this one and will be re-reading it over and over again!
0312370849|4.0|Sarah's Key is a novel about a relatively unknown piece of history - the French involvement and responsibility for the killing of 13,000 Jewish families.  Taking orders from the Gestapo, the French acted on their own, with their own police gathering the Jews and leading them to their deaths in Auschwitz.<br /><br />The story is told from two vantage points.  One takes place in 1942 and is told by the Jewish child Sarah who is rounded up from her home with her parents by the police.  She hides her brother in a cabinet thinking he will be safe there, not realizing she will be unable to get back to him to set him free.  The reader shares Sarah's horrific trials as she is put in a French internment camp, escapes, and runs for her life.<br /><br />Alternating chapters are from the  viewpoint of an American woman in France named Julia in the present.  She is fascinated with Sarah's history once she learns that her husband's family moved into Sarah's family's apartment once they vacated it.  She is obsessed with finding Sarah and learning what happened to her.  She is also in the midst of marital crisis.  We get to know her daughter Zoe, too precocious for her years.  She seems like 11 going on 40.  We also get to know her narcissistic husband, Bertrand, who has been having an affair with another woman for most of their marriage.  The search for Sarah takes Julia across the world and she learns the history of France's role in the extermination of the Jews.  We also learn the horrifying secret that Bertrand's family has been hiding for 60 years.<br /><br />Somehow, despite the horror, poignancy, and occasional lightness of the story, Julia and Zoe's dialogues don't always ring true.  I have never known a scorned woman to act so unresponsively to her husband's infidelity as Julia does.  It does not ring true. She also does not seem to have a clue when he is being unfaithful though she describes the thick and heavy perfume of Bertrand's lover which is on his clothes and person.<br /><br />I was riveted by the story of Sarah and the history of the Vel d'hiv round-up.  I, too, had not known about the extent of French complicity with the Germans during World War II and was amazed to learn how many French people hated Jews and how many turned the other way.  I was also heartened to learn that there are always those that stand tall, are willing to help, and risk their lives doing so.  Overall, a very good book.n.<br /><br />I was riveted by the story of Sarah and the history of the Vel d'hiv round-up.  I, too, had not known about the extent of French complicity with the Germans during World War II and was amazed to learn how many French people hated Jews and how many turned the other way.  I was also heartened to learn that there are always those that stand tall, are willing to help, and risk their lives doing so.  Overall, a very good book.
B002ZG9968|1.0|I was slacked jawed after sitting through this entire movie.  The basic premise was weak and more than a little far fetched - Jennifer Lopez's character decides she can't wait anymore for Mr. Right and wants a baby NOW!  Then after her first try attempt at a sperm bank... she meets Mr. Right and the sparks fly.  Turns out her first attempt was more than successful - she's pregnant with twins.  Mr. Right decides he doesn't care that she's pregnant and pursues her anyway.  (Insert requisite ups/downs/breakups/etc until the required happy ending.)    On paper is doesn't look too horrible.   So what's the problem?      The heroine has no redeeming qualities.  None.  She's whiny, neurotic, controlling and spends much of the time trying to push the hero away because of a childhood trauma.  I don't see how any guy would want to be around her for long once they got past her looks.    One the other hand the male lead is beyond saintly.  He's funny and charming.  He runs a successful business and going back to school to improve himself.   And willing to go into a new relationship with a woman who just got pregnant with twins (that aren't his).  On top of this, he puts up with and embraces all her neurosis and keeps coming back for more as she pushes him away throughout the movie.  I just could not suspend my disbelief that these two would want a relationship - any sort of relationship.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|I honestly can't believe this many \\"ratings\\" for a product that hasn't even been released yet. I also can't believe all the experts KNOW exactly how this set will be released, and how bad it is.    I have read \\"reviews\\" saying it will be \\"fullscreen\\"????, what scenes will be included, what won't, what version will be included, what won't.... and the release is still 5 months away. Chill out.  You know if it's star Wars, and it's Lucas....it will be good (whether it is version you dream about or not).  You can also bet your bottom dollar that this will be the FIRST set of many. You will eventually get \\"Original\\" version, \\"Restored\\" version, \\"Ultimate\\" version, \\"Kosher\\" version, \\"Green\\" version, ect, ect, ect.    Lucas will be milking this cash cow until the udders crumble to powder.
B004J4RQIM|5.0|I shared this blue ray with friends during a party, we were amazed with David Foster's collection of artists, truly entertaining and spectacular. It was like watching it live in the comfort of your home.
B000083LQB|5.0|I was a college DJ in the early '90s and was quite dismissive when this album was first released. With Butch Vig (_Nevermind_'s producer) at the helm and the album title of _Dirty_ (which appeared like transparent pandering to the \\"grunge\\" scene), I thought Sonic Youth had lost it, having peaked with _Daydream Nation_. But I was wrong. Vig does an excellent job polishing their sound and foregrounding how LOUD Sonic Youth can be, without sacrificing their complexity.  Disc 2 is also filled with gems: mostly instrumental recordings that give a sense of SY's composition process, but they also manage to stand on their own. Perfect backdrop music. Highly recommended.
0446615641|5.0|very good read! This my first book from this author. I really like him! Great writing! I read that book in one night! Yum More Please!
0316056863|5.0|Ok..so maybe Tina doesnt need any promoting from the likes of me..but I have to say...My sweet hus ordered this book for me and I have yet to let it down. I love to laugh..and I have laughed and laughed and laughed. If you dont \\"get\\" Tina's humor then I dont think you'll appreciate the book..but if youre a fan already..the book will push you over the top into worship!!!
1878424777|5.0|I purchased the Audio book and I also bought the book in soft back. This book is amazing! I love the Audio because I can play it while I'm driving. It motivates me and speaks not only to my heart but also to my mind. If you need to be encouraged or are just striving to be a better person, I highly recomend Miguel Ruiz \\"The Four Agreements: A Practicfal Guide to Personal Freedom. It really will direct you to a better way of thinking!
B00475AYJQ|5.0|Do you like a good story?  Get these books.  They are * very * well written.  I like the way Rothfuss is giving us clues in this entertaining mystery series.  Great character development, a fascinating story, make that two stories, lots of action, puzzles galore... what's not to like?  I'll tell you what... I will likely need to wait too long for the next installment!
B000PMLFRA|1.0|NO dice for me until we get the original theatrical versions.  I don't mind souped up sound, but keep the content the way it was...we all hate the 'improvments' made.  The Jabba's palace musical scenes are totally unwatchable...The new Wampa scenes, cutesy robot antics, etc can all go too.  What were you thinking Lucas?    Give us the original and I'll bite.  Until then, no dice.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|Not giving George Lucas another dime unless I can get the original, theatrical versions of these movies.  I don't want digital enhancements.  I don't want changes after the fact.  I don't want some kid born in 1984 digitally replacing Anakin's ghost at the end of Jedi.  I want Han shooting first.  I want the cheesy muppets and music in Jabba's palace.
B001TMG9DA|5.0|This was originally going to be the end of a trilogy but thankfully the author has three more books coming out in this series. So excited about that. City of Glass was such an amazing book. This series is one of my favorites of all time.<br /><br />The other two books took place in New York but this one takes place in Idris. I loved the setting and getting to see where the Shadowhunters originally came from. I was once again drawn in from the beginning and could not put it down. It is a real page turner for sure. It had some new characters that I didn't really care for but can't like them all sometimes. It had so many twists and turns, murder, mystery, action, adventure and romance. The story flowed along perfectly. I loved how the characters relationships developed throughout the book. The way that some of them became couples and others I'm wondering about for future books. I was happy to finally learn the truth about Clary and Jace's families. I liked the way that things worked out for everyone. There were some special moments between Clary and Jace that were both romantic and heartbreaking at times. I'm still wondering what the Seelie Queen wanted as a favor. The ending was lovely but it kinda left me wondering what is going to happen next. Thankfully I get to find out with three more books coming out! Yes I already mentioned that but I'm so happy to get to fall back into such an amazing world with characters I love!<br /><br />I'm looking forward to reading Jace's letter to Clary and seeing how their relationship plays out. In my opinion this is one of the best series out there, and I'm recommending to anyone who hasn't read it to read it now!
B004J1DBJI|3.0|Stick with Google or Alta Vista, or even Bing for your general searches. The logic in those search engines is more intuitive. My entry of Bob Dylan China into WOLFRAM produced a definition for the name Bob, and a description of China, listing Bob Dylan as an alternate, and then that selection went to Wikipedia (not always the best source for knowledge, although there's plenty there to read on any subject *smile*) But The power of this app seems to be in the computation, yet there is a caveat with that too. At least one other reviewer has noted errors there, which may be related to the way WOLFRAM groups the strings. It certainly groups strings oddly during word based searches.<br /><br />It is a free app on Amazon April 7th so it will be downloaded and judged quickly. I am sure the developer will be watching the comments. So if you do enter a computation and get erroneous result, perhaps you could also post the computation that was entered as a reference. The app is worthy of feedback to the developer so that they can address it. Frankly I'd rather have time to evaluate and help improve improve a good functional app than slinging birds around Rio. Perhaps other reviewers comments that this is a nerd/geeks idea of a great app is true. The potential is fantastic, but if there's a hint that the result will be erroneous, users will abandon it.
B004GYY714|5.0|seems to pick up almost all my major local am and fm stations. it also uses aac connections when im on edge network for stability
B003K1EYM6|5.0|Very helpful tool for the iPad - got it in advance of getting the iPad2 and I love how easy it was to move pictures from my camera to my iPad2 on vacation!!! A must have item!!
B001IBIHQ4|5.0|I loved the Pacific.  If you enjoyed B.O.B and saving Private Ryan then you will be enthralled by the Pacific.
B003VANOFY|5.0|Very Impressed.<br /><br />Initially skeptical about a wireless headset having great sound quality. My fears were laid to rest after getting my hands on these.<br /><br />Vastly superior sound to my corded Razer Carcharias even in stereo mode.  Very, very crisp sound. The noise canceling ear pads really hug your ears which is a definite bonus for sound quality.<br /><br />Had problems at first getting the sound to work properly.  The headphones made a popping noise in itunes.  Being the lazy turd I am I did not reboot my computer after the driver install. After rebooting the computer they worked perfectly. I plugged these into a powered usb hub for good measure and after a week of use no complaints so far. Really impressed with the sound!!<br /><br />I have yet to use the mic.<br /><br />Games sound absolutely AMAZING.  Deep and rich sounds flow from the unit.
0575081600|5.0|Excellent book. Did not realize it was brand new.   Also, it is about 4 inches thick. An  Amazon Verified Purchase
B003ZSJ212|1.0|I hate to say it but I do really like the originals better and everybody I know who has spent a fortune on a great HDTV and sound system is going to be really disappointed at the full screen venue..What are they thinking. I am going to wait for the Blu Ray produced in a manner which does credit to the 3 first iconic Star Wars films.       My children attended a corespondent school so it was up to me to make sure they were exposed to American culture.  The first time they watched Star Wars on a vhs the kids thought Han Solo was really cool because he learned to trust and changed. My son went around being Han Solo alot more often then he did Luke. But I think it was more to do with the owning a sweet spaceship and a dog that can walk and talk then the redemption of Han's character. But when they saw it again altered; Leia comes off looking totally like a PMS freak for hating Han as he really isn't that bad a guy. He just comes from a poor neighborhood. And the scene of Han walking on Jaba's tail is totally not real as this guy surrounded by body guards is going to put up with that kind of disrespect. I really takes the edge off these two bad guys. So I too am going to be on the long waiting list for George to get it right.          I will never forget sitting in a huge theater and my seat starting to vibrate as the Imperial Destroyer comes in to sight firing on the so much smaller ship glowing white against the darkness of space.
B002GYS1FO|5.0|The House That Dirt Built is a great album full of funky and sassy (maybe  that is a girly term)songs. It is worthy of being played on any occasion, parties, road-trips, and even while cleaning or cooking. I love the acoustic, \\"dirty\\" sound they have going on and would recommend this album to anyone and everyone looking to spice up their life. Plus, the band is as good in concert as it sounds on the CD!
081297381X|4.0|I am more than[[ASIN:081297381X The Black Swan: Second Edition: The Impact of the Highly Improbable: With a new section: \\"On Robustness and Fragility\\"]] halfway through the book. Although, I have to reread some parts before I \\"get it\\"  I am afraid that Mr Taleb is right in saying that the begining of the century will bring us more and more \\"Blank Swans\\" and you just have to accept it. By accepting this statement you start to look at the world through  different lens.  Not such a bad thing. Nothing is written in stone. This book is a good read if you are in finance or business.
0307454541|2.0|This trilogy has received too much attention from editors and readers, elevating it to undeserved heights. Conceptually, the first novel is exciting, complex, and mysterious. It provides an interesting series of twists and turns in the storyline. However, the novel is poorly written in plain, straight-forward language. The novel's pace is much too slow and it takes great effort to get into. Additionally, I wondered how much 7-eleven coffee the protagonist can consume in one day. It is all he seems to do besides smoking. There was gratuitous sexual abuse instances that came across as unnecessary for the purposes of the storyline.<br /><br />[[ASIN:0307454541 The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo]]<br />[[ASIN:B0015DROBO The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo]]
B000AYEL1A|5.0|I didn't see the original, but this remake is just as wonderful as it was when it was released when I was in High School.  The music is beautiful and beautifully performed.  I was so excited to find it.  Thank you!
B004MKM8L8|3.0|Not the strongest of the stories as it is mostly about Harry Potter and the gang hanging out in a Tent / Forest and talking, staring at each other, getting cabin fever and a couple of action scenes. Not that this will stop you from buying it, but compared to the other stories, I would rather just add Part 2 to my collection and just skip this one. Though the acting holds up well, the camera work is excellent. Special Effects are top notch, I am grading on story excitement.
B0021L8V0M|5.0|Angie's co=star is usually a bad guy, but this movie kept you guessing as to Angie's persuation.  It's a great addition to my DVD collection.  Good thriller.  Not one I would want my kids to see, however.  IS there a movie that Angie would want her kids to see?  Her stuff if very violent.
B001P9EQH8|3.0|With serious hearing loss, my music player just was not loud enough. This gizmo goes between the player and the earbuds and as the name suggests, makes the music louder. Very easy to use. Works OK, not really enough amplification. That could be my ears rather than the product. Very small, hangs on the back of the player. Rechargeable battery, use a USB port on your computer. Note: have to charge the battery right from the start.    So, a reasonable value for the money.  (as usual, shipping and packing were excellent - typical Amazon)    Update: It really doesn't amplify that much. It does help with certain types of headphones, the ones that need more power than the typical music player can produce. (an earlier comment mentioned 5 mw of current players, down from 15 mw from previous generation) So, for that need, it does work. But for me, really no much help.    Battery life seems to be very good.
B00000099Y|5.0|ANYONE who is thinking of buying the AEnima CD From This seller should, My copy was in amazing condition, Worth the money!
B004ETVAH0|4.0|I own the CD and saw the concert, and think it's a great show. Some of the songs are going to puzzle some listeners because they're not rock 'n roll. Vaya Con Dios, Mockin' Bird Hill, Apache, Sleep Walk, etc. aren't what come to mind when you think Rock 'n Roll Party. After all, it's a Les Paul tribute, and Paul was a great guitarist but not exactly the king of rock.     Still, it's a fun presentation. Imelda May is a major talent and her husband, Darrel Higham gets to sing a few songs as well. If you like 50s music, you should like this one.
B004RJMUJO|2.0|It's a basic game that provides a few minutes of fun. But it gets boring pretty quickly. My favorite paid games are those that I can go back to again and again, and this just ain't it.
B004J1DBJI|2.0|I am using an HTC Thunderbolt and it has FCed every other time I hit GO. The concept is cool but it definitely needs some work.
B004J1DBJI|5.0|I'm an engineering major and this app helps me with all my advance math courses.  And helps solve formulas for all my high sciences courses.  It knows all.  Highly recommended.
B003XMXZCW|2.0|I bought this two disc set from Amazon to replace my old standard-def copy. The picture and audio were fine until about an hour and 15 minutes into the hi-def disc, whereupon it locked up on my Sony 350 blue-ray player. I tried it on my neighbors Magnavox Blu-ray player and the same thing happened. Amazon replaced the product without question with another copy, but the replacement copy had the same lock-up problem. I asked for and received a full refund.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|I want the Original Trilogy. I don't want the special edition, the touched up special edition, the edited touch up special edition, the reworked, re-edited, touched up special edition or any other such nonsense.    Release the actual movies, as they actually played in the theater.
B004J1DBJI|5.0|Soon the machines will be self-aware. This app is as useful tool, as well as an amazing showcase of the future of &quot;search.&quot;  I wish I had it in college.
0470913029|5.0|Do you remember a time when someone was not trying to loose weight? never mind about the healthy part. This book will not only show you how to obtain your ideal weight but to do it in the healthiest way possible. It's a 'Diet' in title only; Dr Cordain has shown us 'In a Nutshell' what we should all be eating (except those of us that have certain allergies). Just how healthy will this 'Diet' make you? As healthy as you possibly can be - it's the optimal homo sapien (that's us) 'Diet'. For you sceptics out there, put your thinking caps on before you mouth off with things like... 'Cavemen really died young!' But for those of you who are still reading, I CHALLENGE YOU TO TRY IT FOR A MONTH. Afterwards you will have one hell of a decision to make, I guarantee it! Good luck!
B004J1DBJI|5.0|Fun to play around with and a fantastic resource for anything and everything. I already purchased this app on the android market and it was worth it. Glad to see it free on amazon so more people can try it.
B000002KET|5.0|After the Disaster of Vol 4., a directionless pile of riffs with lousy album cover, the band sat down to do Vol 4. part 2 but found going back to the same studio in LA to be a mistake. It didn't happen, and after a couple months, they relized they lost something after Master of Reality. Then the creativity began to flow back in England where Yes was recording the most ambitious and pretentious concept album ever. Snowblind was the one Vol 4. songs that sounds like it belonged in this collection of tunes. Indeed, that was the problem with Vol 4., they lost their mojo.     But all was not lost, they changed direction, and the band didn't end there. \\"Who are You\\"? a Mini-Moog driven song ever bit as dark and menacing as a guitar tune. Sabbath Bloody Sabbath and Killing Yourself to Live are excellent sublime jams, incorporating some flange and other flavors on certain riffs. More effects and some help from Rick Wakeman rounded out this interesting collection. I dig Spiral Architect, so different from the monotony of Vol 4.     One thing I really love about this direction change, Ozzy was no longer singing low like Barry White, but singing with some power and hitting some high notes.    This is the first album with some actual cover art, but flipp it over, and look inside. Maybe Rick Wakeman of Yes, had some advice there. I wonder how Roger Dean would have done a Sabbath cover. At least they finally introduced a Sabbath font, seen again of the masterpiece: Sabotage.    Anyway, I dig the Duality of Hell Scene and the Heaven scene. Perhaps a hint of the future to come.    Addendum: The Sabs were playing darts and hanging out with Rick Wakeman while the most indulgent concept album, \\"Tales from a Topographic Oceans\\" was being done in that same studio. Its no wonder the boys hit gold with this album and the masterpiece Sabatoge. Who can slack off when thats going on?
B004K8WJ3Y|4.0|So, I have been a Whitesnake fan from the very beginning and a David Coverdale fan from his time with Deep Purple. This album really had me excited until I sat down and listened to it on high quality gear and headphones. The majority of the songs are great songs, and the guitar work is very impressive I must say. David's voice sounds brilliant on the soft ballad but you can definitely tell he is aging when he is singing the harder songs. Still he sounds really good, just that he is straining some where he never used to. I still give him mad props as he is nearly 60 years old and has smoked since his teens I am assuming.    What kills me about this album is the sound. They took an album that had so much potential to be an amazing piece of work and let it out the door dirty. The mix on this album is horrible in my opinion. The musicians all are seemingly competing to be the loudest on each and every track. The album was recorded at Snakebyte Studios and Grumblenott Studios & Villas in Lake Tahoe, which I am not sure, but based on the name and location, this may be David Coverdale's own recording studio. I am just shocked by the noise output level on this CD. To clarify what I mean, if you listen to, say, the \\"Seventeen Days\\" CD by 3 Doors Down, (which recorded at Ocean Way Studios in Nashville), and compare the sound quality of THAT 3 Doors Down CD to the Forevermore CD, I just do not understand why David would release this CD sounding the way it does, instead of as clean as the 3 Doors Down CDs do.    I love 90% of the songs on this album, especially \\"Steal Your Heart Away\\" and \\"Dogs In The Street\\", but I really wish they would have put more effort into making it sound cleaner. I could have given it 5 stars had they done so.    Overall, I am just happy Whitesnake is still putting out quality music so I won't complain too much, and I am thrilled David is still able to sing as good as he does for being almost 60 and a smoker. That is not an easy feat.    I highly recommend this CD to anyone who likes Whitesnake. Even with the lower quality of sound engineering, most will find it really good rock and roll!
B000002KDO|5.0|After three albums with the same production / engineering group, they acheived what they wanted. This album is more experimental and the culmination of their first era sound. This is the Masterpiece of the prog-ish Blokes from Birmingham. This album was darker, and more intrigueing than the previous efforts. The First album establish the metal/blues horor motif. Paranoid was a fully realized follow-up with some flaws, but this album capture the Band at this point in time. The next era, the band admits is the Sabbath-Bloody-Sabbath / Sabbatoge era. The band was burnt out musically and medicinally after this album. They reached a height here. From Sweat Leaf to the ending double blast of the soft sad two chord tune Solitude to then journey, Into the Void, one of my favorites of this era of Sabbath. Sweat Leaf opens with a cannabis smokers cough, and Children of the Grave ends with sound effects from a halloween haunted house. Side Two gave us Lord of this World, as if we didn't know who the Kosmocrator was, ending with the Into the Void's Rocket ride off this damned rock. It reminds me of a couple of Michael Moorcock novels with similar themes. Of course, exchanging the emptiness of Earth for the emptiness of space, isn't much of a payoff without a nice place to land.    4.5 out 5, only because their first 4 albums covers are so cheap, though I like this font only better than Paranoid or Vol 4.
B004J1DBJI|5.0|The sheer range and complexity of the Wolfram Alpha databases defy simple explanation.  The primary issue with submitting queries is knowing how to frame your question correctly.  This app goes a ways to simplifying the process for the most useful mobile applications of the service.<br /><br />The app knows where you are via GPS/network identification for all of your geography/statistics/distance questions.  \\"Distance to New York\\" will give you the close approximate answer in various units from where you're standing.  \\"Population here\\" returns nearby city resident counts.<br /><br />If you ever want to know anything in hard numbers from hard calculations, Wolfram Alpha will provide.
B000002KFJ|5.0|After the first Ozzy era stage with the first three albums. The band release Vol 4. which was popular, and they thought was good, but when they went back to Vol 4 part 2, they realized they lost their way. Plans changed, their band had to shake the coke, heroin and alcohol for awhile to get a grip. Finally, a different direction and location landed Sabbath Bloody Sabbath marked the second era of Sabbath greatness. Yes, the disaster of Vol 4. led to something great. After Sabbath Bloody Sabbath, the first album with true cover art, came this second Masterpiece: Sabotage.    Sabotage is my favorite Ozzy era album. It comes out moderate paced and heavy. Stomping us toward the Hole in the Sky. After a brief instrumental acoustic piece filled with tension, it reaches a peak. Where is going? Symptom of the Universe, a fast paced true heavy metal love song talking about \\"servant of the unicorn\\" and wild stuff like that, the sound switches gears into a clean two chord guitar jazz riff with a clean solo and more verses. Side One ends with Megalomania, \\"obsessed..obsessed\\" yeah I was obsessed with this song when this album came out. The song is about what the title says, and hopefully, our politicians and political pundits on TV will shake off this mental illness as the guy in the song tries to do.    Following the feel of Megalomania is \\"The Thrill of it All\\", a similar drum part is played by Bill Ward on Born Again's \\"Keep it Warm\\". Two of my favorite Sabbath songs. The Writ follows the pattern, of starting off with one song going into a different jam like three previous numbers. \\"Am I going Insane\\"? I love the ending, but the song sounds like an attempt at a pop song. That must have been Don or Sharon Arden's idea. Yikes!     This album marks the end of the greatness of the Ozzy Era. But hope comes later with Heaven and Hell, and the return of Black Sabbath. If you are going to own any Ozzy/Sab album, this is the one. Master of Reality, Sabbath Bloody Sabbath and Paranoidare also great.
0765326353|4.0|I'm a huge fan of Brandon Sanderson.  His Mistborn novels are second or third on my list of favorite fantasy novels and, in general, his characters are engaging and his plots clever and immensely intricate.  Still, I was a little nervous at the outset that The Way of Kings would turn out to be another Wheel of Time, which supplies the minimum amount of action to keep you engaged and focuses a bit too much on worldbuilding.      Brandon Sanderson came through spectacularly, weaving an action-packed, immensely enjoyable tale.  The characters are beautifully done, especially Kaladin, whose journey of self-discovery is extremely thought provoking.  The worldbuilding is spectacular, and doesn't detract from the plot at all; while all the scene description is mostly incidental, it's breathtaking.  The magic system is intriguing (there seem to be several, actually), although I kind of wish he had expanded it more in this first book.  I'm sure it will be explored much more in depth later, but giving more details of how the magic works would have captured my interest even more thoroughly than it was.      The artwork is also amazing, especially the cover by Michael Wehlan.  Throughout the book there are sketches of different creatures and pages from the \\"Alethi Codes of War\\".  Also, the maps are well rendered, and I enjoyed flipping back to them after reading of a place in the book.    Some minor things that I had issue with: I didn't much like most of the interludes (Szeth was an exception) placed between Parts.  I understand the intention of introducing characters to build off later, but they seemed to me to detract from the main plot.  Also, there were a couple of grammar errors and spelling mistakes, but that has to be expected with a volume of this magnitude.      Overall, this is a stunning work, marking the beginning of what I'm sure will be the most epic series of the next decade.  A must for any fantasy fan, whether you've read Brandon Sanderson before or not.
B000XVSU9O|5.0|I read this book after losing my father and it made me feel so much better.  This book is inspirational and is just beautiful.  I have read this book twice and I really feel comforted in reading it. The details she is able to remember about heaven is wonderful and makes you realize we have a home to go to after we part from this world.  I love this book and recommend it to everyone!
B004J1DBJI|5.0|The only thing that I think would make it better is to be able to incorporate word suggestions while typing. Not necessarily for equations though.
0762434279|1.0|This is a motivational book. The problem with this is that it motivates people to invest or start businesses, but provides no knowledge on how to do it. I know people that have had to claim bankruptcy because this book brainwashed them into thinking they just need to take chances in order to become successful. Kiyosaki is a con man who makes money by setting people up for failure.
B004J1DBJI|5.0|I have wanted this app for quite some time now. I didn't wanna pay for it though so I'm so happy yall gave it away! Thanks so much amazon for all the free apps!
B0041KKYEM|1.0|There's a \\"Swan Dive\\" comment that encouraged my writing this review.  I was completely uninspired by this film.  Something creative may have been afoot, but by the time the meaning behind the madness is sort of revealed, who cares. I didn't think Natalie Portman did anything whatsoever deserving of an Oscar, unless looking weak, vulnerable and uninterested makes for an Oscar winning performance.  Compare her performance to Colin Firth in \\"The King's Speech,\\" where you see a weak, vulnerable, uninteresting character become someone of strength and interest.  His performance was one of transformation with believability, while Portman's performance requires a suspension of belief in order to be appreciated.<br /><br />Maybe I just lack the artistic eye in cinema to recognize a movie masterpiece. But so far, reading all the five star reviews, I've found nothing enlightening about this movie that soundly explains just what the heck was so.............masterful about \\"The Black Swan.\\"Tell me, was it watching how the taxing overdrive and ambition of a perfectionist can trigger  dormant illnesses of the mind? I got that part and still can't understand the path this movie took to get there.<br /><br />I simply was not moved in any direction by this movie. I wanted to go with the flow, but didn't know which direction the flow was going.  Please will someone clearly tell me what part(s) of this movie moved them and why?  Was it the music, the dancing, the acting, the story, the costumes, the darkness, the Black Swan Theme? I can't believe it was all of these, simply because what I saw looked so loosely connected and unattached. I want to watch this so-called masterpiece again but am in much need of what to look for. I welcome the positive feedback, but I fear that maybe those who crown this movie masterpiece have become angered in having to defend their crown. I'm seeking enlightenment, not confrontation.
B000SMWUPS|4.0|I'm not sure why no company spends a few days reading everyone's complaints about strollers within each category, and makes adjustments to steal market share. One of the big complaints many have about joggers is that the jogger can't carry any water. I understand the need to prevent imbalance, but a small water bottle is insignificant. This product solves the problem, as well as letting you store your keys, cell phone, etc so they don't rattle around in your pocket while you run. It does work well with the Joovy Zoom and the Baby Jogger, although the hand brake on the Jogger sort of interferes with access to the central pocket. That isn't a problem with this product, of course, and wouldn't prevent me from buying this again.    It does tend to wander along the handle a bit, which is my only reason for deducting a star. I still recommend this product though.
B003F76HFC|4.0|Some reviewers seem to disconnect from this book.  Overall it is fun with a few lessons thrown in honesty being right up there.  Having read this one I want to try some more by this author.
B004SBS8LA|4.0|Beware its addictive! The only thing I don't like is that I have to keep the Amazon App store on my phone to play the game.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|George,    I have had it with you.  I am not giving you another single cent until you restore the movies to their original glory.  Face it.  You messed them up.  Your behavior is way past the point of anti-fan.  And Episodes I-III were sub-mental.    I have got my laserdiscs until you are ready.  I will buy the blu-rays when you are ready.  All of us will.  Until then, don't bother.
B004J1DBJI|5.0|this app is more than a math tool. ask it all kinds of scientific questions and it can tell you the answer! it's a nerd and geek MUST!
1439153663|5.0|History is an account of various points of view.  Kitchen House was a wonderful read from the viewpoint of the underclasses bound by a cruel service not chosen.  From the cruelty of the owners to the helplessness of the victims, the book rang true.  Sometimes it was hard to read as we in the present prefer not to look at the dark underbelly of the American past. The book tells of the friendships and family systems of those just trying to survive the powerlessness in which they are trapped,   An orphaned bond servant (white) loves her 'family' of slaves.  Color is no longer seen.  One of the slaves is a  wise father figure to the children of the Kitchen house (the slaves portion of the household).  He is an educated Muslim captured randomly as all slaves were in Africa.  One can see how fragments from the African cultures began to be absorbed into American culture.  We also see how damaging slavery was not to just the slave but the the owner who refuses to see the humanity of those he 'owns'.  The effect of absolute power to totally corrupting.  I really recommend this book and other books about this period of American history.[[ASIN:0061159174 The Known World]]
0312600844|4.0|I enjoyed The Corrections very much and was anxious to read Freedom when it came out. It is a dark satire and I would only recommend it for those who like that genre. I enjoyed the book overall and it provided a lot of food for thought on society and our freedom to make personal choices and the consequences those have on not only ourselves but everyone around us. While some of the characters in the story were somewhat painful to endure in their quest to make themselves miserable and unhappy, I found them to be interesting in their motives and choices. The story provided an interesting examination of their values and loyalties (or lack there of). The story contains a lot of inner dialog of the characters and shows how thoughts can manifest themselves in what comes to pass in life and that things are rarely just as they seem to be from the outside. I have thought about the story and the characters after reading it, which is a good thing in my opinion. This book may have not been a \\"joy to read\\" but it is thought provoking and could be a good discussion starter.
B004J1DBJI|1.0|Great for nutrition facts about everything your trying to search for haha, thats about it, you should just stick to google, you'll get better results
B000IJ79WU|4.0|Superman II is a good film as originally released.  Donner's version, I think, is a little better as it functions as the second half of a longer movie.  Gone are Lester's comedic touches; restored are the Reeve / Brando father-son interactions.  On whole, it's good to see what Donner's vision was for the two movie set, and I'm glad he had a chance to complete the project he set out to do.
0525422943|5.0|SUMMARY: After the terrible accident that changed her life forever, Mia parted with her then-boyfriend Adam (with little warning) and the two went their separate ways. Three years later, when brooding, cynical Adam stops in New York City with his highly successful band, Shooting Star, he stumbles upon Mia once again, and his wounds from the breakup are reopened. Will he finally be able to let go of the girl he once loved?    MY THOUGHTS: When I first heard that Gayle Forman's If I Stay would have a sequel, I was surprised. If I Stay ended on a pretty good note. Upon reading Where She Went, though, I was so grateful that Forman ended up writing a sequel--there was so much more to be discovered about Mia and Adam's relationship.    Where She Went is just as beautiful as its predecessor. Gayle Forman's writing is superb, and Adam's perspective was so raw and heartbreaking. It was interesting to see this side of him--the side that is broken and empty. It was like being introduced to an entirely different character. His journey through New York and his meeting with Mia was so sad, but the emotions that he expressed through the whole ordeal were amazingly true.    Mia didn't play as big a part in Where She Went as she did in If I Stay, but what she represented for Adam made her extremely important. I was so happy when the two finally met up again, and enjoyed their reactions to being reunited. The story takes the pair all over New York City, which perfectly parallels Adam's rollercoaster emotions.    Like If I Stay, Where She Went was filled with memories. These memories helped flesh out the story and made Adam's feelings easier to understand. Gayle Forman placed each memory perfectly--I never felt confused, and they were always full of emotion.    Fans of If I Stay will quickly devour Where She Went. Gayle Forman easily gets into the head of Mia's boyfriend Adam and delivers another touching story that hooks the reader right from the start. It was nearly impossible for me to put this book down, and when I did, it was to give a sigh of satisfaction at finishing a great book.
0132350882|5.0|I really enjoyed this book. This is the first programming book that I want to read more than once. The principles transcend the language. I learned to leave code better than I found it. Use names that are human readable. Comments are an opportunity to make the code more expressive. No matter what language you code in, this book will help you be a cleaner coder.
B001NTJTUY|5.0|When i was a teenager (and on up, too!) I used to watch this movie over and over, and the soundtrack was a HUGE part of what made the movie so incredible! I've gone through 2 cassettes, and 3 CD's - and wore them all out so thoroughly that I've finally had to go digital.LOL  Just downloaded this and the music is still just as magnificent now as I ever remembered. Love, love, love it! If you enjoy classical music you've probably already heard this, but if not - it's a must have for any music collection.
0312600844|1.0|[[ASIN:0312600844 Freedom: A Novel (Oprah's Book Club)]] This was such a highly touted book and I had the hardest time keeping with it.  I gave up on it three times.  I totally disliked the characters - they were shallow, very poor character development by the author, and a totally unlikeable cast of characters.  There was virtually no plot and no reason to keep reading, though I kept hoping it would redeem itself.  I read to the end.  It was a total waste of time.  What did Oprah see in this?
B001P9EQH8|5.0|I needed a little more volume out of my Kindle while using the earphones. This item is awesome ata reasonable price.  Try it, you'll be happy.
1439102724|5.0|This is one of Jodi Picoult's best novels.  Terrific character development and she leads you along the path of discovery - the relationships are constantly moving and this makes for a good page turner.  Her ability to address controversial topics is legend and she handles the gay rights aspect in this novel in superb fashion.  A must read.[[ASIN:1439102724 Sing You Home: A Novel]]
B002ZG98LO|5.0|Outstanding photography and great setting. Entertaining movie. I saw it three times and would highly recommend it. Should have purchased Blu-Ray version.
159420229X|4.0|Foer takes a trip to the national memory contest and the reader tags along. It is, I believe, an interesting journey. The book is not a self help how to remember tome, but rather the story of how the author came to win the national memory contest. Much as one does to remember, he takes the reader on side trips (think of as separate rooms) on the various aspects of human memory - and the brain that creates and holds memories. I found the book to be an enjoyable read, holding my interest throughout the pages. This brief review is not and is not intended to be a full blown review of the book; there are plenty of them already posted. Read the book - learn some things and enjoy a story.
B004I2K4E8|5.0|My family has just about worn this DVD out after watching it so much.  Even my 2 yo and 5 yo grandchildren love to watch it and can sing some of the songs (sort of)
B004J1DBJI|5.0|It's amazing what this app knows. It's like a really smart wiki.i made up a math problem and it figured out an answer...who knows if it's right but out took about 3 seconds to get back to me. Definitely worth the price
0525422943|4.0|To be truthful, I was content with leaving Mia and Adam at the end of if i stay - and I still am. Yet knowing that they had parted paths between then and now, I have to admit to having a little curiosity on the why of where she went. Considering the magnitude of what Mia had gone through, I was shocked to learn that she had been the one to leave Adam in the dust. One can say that Gayle Forman did warn us so, but I didn't think Mia would do it!<br /><br />where she went crams what went on those 3 years and how alone Adam has become in his rise to rockstar status. Seeing through Adam's eyes is a little disconcerting, especially seeing how superstitious and anxious he is. In Mia's world albeit 3 years ago, Adam seemed untouched by popularity, sure of himself, the coolest of the cool. Through his eyes, he seems every bit as unsure and lost as Mia had been - and, unlike Mia, no hope that will save him.<br /><br />Ms. Forman crafted a very careful story - one that will keep you on the edge of your chair, your heart carefully guarded for what's to come with this reunion between Adam and Mia. Each has moved on with their lives, forgotten each other as much as they are able to forget someone who once meant the world to them, grown up in separate directions - will they simply reminisce for one night and then part ways, or will they rediscover a love that transcends time and life?<br /><br />I didn't think this sequel was quite as stunning and breath-taking as if i stay - mostly because everything seems to pale in comparison to Mia's life-or-death experience. However, on its own merit, without regard to the characters' backgrounds (that is, if it had been anyone other than Adam and Mia), where she went captures another powerful life experience that I think people can still relate to. Of love that was crushed, lost, left behind - and the story of finding it again and deciding if it was meant to last forever or tucked gently back into the pockets of fond memories.
0316069353|5.0|I think the price amazon charges for this book is just fine!! I pay much more in a book store and as far as a download is concerned -- if i want the book right away then i'm willing to pay a little more --if i feel like waiting (like i used to wait for the paperback edition) then i can still wait and get it cheaper as a download sale price later.   I expect to pay more for a hardback because they come out FIRST.... And I like to read a good book...and I'm sure this is a good one...when it is fresh off the press--- not a year from now!!!  Some people just don't get it!
193413712X|4.0|Tinkers is beautifully written, but in my view it should have spared us some of the most arcane details:<br />I don't need to know how an ancient clock works down to the last cog and escapement. Paul Harding is gifted at<br />creating atmosphere and paints vivid pictures of a young epileptic, feeling estranged from his<br />parents, sitting in a cold river watching the head of an imaginary Indian. Despite my admiration for the<br />book, I lost patience with his elliptical story-telling and overuse of detail.
B0012F9VS4|5.0|I got few books to prep my 2 yr old, but this was the only one he actually understood and payed attention to. Best big brother book for a toddlers.
B00006LFGD|5.0|Had never heard this album previously. Am a Streisand fan. Noone has a voice like that of Barbra. Those singing duets with her present a delightful blend. Will continue to enjoy this album named \\"Duets\\" for years to come. MAE
B004L3AQLU|5.0|I laughed and I cried during this movie!I thought the acting was amazing,Hathaway was so believable and I felt I could relate going through what she was going through.I never cared for Hathaway but after I watched this I can't help myself this film is my new favorite love movie.I've watched it 3 times the past 2 days I can't recommend it high enough!
B004SQS9FA|4.0|This album begins as a managable trickle of tap water i can sample at my leisure and, before i know it i am happily drowning in the mire that it becomes once you immerse yourself and let go of your pretenses.  Give it a chance; I was suprised the 30th listen haha ;)
B002ZG976U|4.0|It was great seeing Cher and Christina Aguilera interacting with one another.  So few musical movies are made any more and the story line held a positive message.  Go where your heart leads you and BELIEVE.
B004GYY714|5.0|really great app! i have all my favorite local stations preprogrammed, it never gives me a minutes trouble. simple, effective, idiot proof!  i really like the looks of it. finding stations is super simple.
0812932293|5.0|A really good biography, I literally laughed, cryed and and say's \\"Oh my god!\\" out loud. I loved reading how Richard went from a slacking schoolboy, to became a brilliant business man and devoted father, with his balloon and \\"bed\\" adventures inbetween. It reads beautifully and it really puts of in his shoes. A great read!
B003Y5H50G|5.0|This is an absolutely fantastic action/suspense movie, the acting is great, the story pulls you in, and I really couldn't tell what was going to happen next at any point! I went in to it expecting an average modern movie with all the same parts that I regret spending money on, but this is going to be the first movie in a long time I will buy on DVD the day it comes out! The plot, the idea is just all around great and let me tell you - I left wishing I was a thousand times more productive! Since seeing it, I feel like I could be Bradley Cooper's character if I put in the effort - and that's something that pops into my head occasionally, so this movie clearly had a major impact on me!
B004SKHJF2|1.0|The app crashes at the start-up. There doesn't seem to be an update forthcoming either. I'll actually try the free version from Google's market before committing to buy the Encore version from there.
B004LFO0ME|1.0|I find it quite sad that we tell our youth to stay away from drugs and than crap like this comes out, I know you aren't supposed to judge a book by it's cover but this just shows you that music today just isn't music and gives kids mixed messages. COME ON AMERICA! Wake up!
1440503257|4.0|the cookbook is cool, lots of fun recipes, it can transform a bad cook into a chef. recipes differ in difficulty
B0041KKYEW|5.0|Natalie Portman stars in this gorgeously horrific nightmare where she magnificently and brutally portray a disturbed prima ballerina driven by her desire to covet the role of The Black Swan. Her dreadful but sophisticated portrayal of Nina made one feel like she's this helpless and vulnerable damsel resistant to any assistance that is being offered to her. The Black Swan absurdly campy and intensely bleak at the same time. If you are a fan of psychological thrillers that bears a great deal of substance. I highly recommend this film.
B0041KKYEM|2.0|I watched this movie the day it came out on PPV.  Worst $5.99 I've spent lately.  I love ballet, took dancing lessons for 15 years and this movie is just disappointing.  Further, I cannot believe Natalie Portman got the Oscar for her role....all her character does is react, react, react to everything and everyone around her.  She is a cipher.  Barbara Hershey and Mila Kunis were great!
0446691437|5.0|It is rare for someone to articulate a problem as well as Steven Pressfield has in The War of Art.  He absolutely NAILS the self destructive behaviors we all indulge in to prevent us from reaching our full potential.  But he doesn't stop there, he has given it a face and anthropomorphized the problem to allow you to look at it as the enemy to achieving your true purpose in life.    I could write a dozen more paragraphs about the merits of this book, but it all comes down to this:  THIS BOOK WILL CHANGE YOUR LIFE.    It is really as simple as that.  You absolutely owe it to yourself to read this one.  I swear you will tell everyone you know about this book after you have read it.
B003A4IFGY|4.0|This the best Tom Petty album I've heard in years. Many good songs. Edgy & gritty with great guitar work.<br />Highly recommended.
B004NSULHM|5.0|I have every Radiohead album released in the US, plus the Iron Lung EP (UK). IMHO they are all different with glipmses of past releases, enough to be familiar, yet different enough to be interesting (if you're a fan), which I am. I don't get the negativity I've come across. They are all like children to me. All unique and each treasured as much as the other. They aren't gonna make 15 variations of \\"OK computer\\" or \\"The Bends\\". Whether you are for them or against them, there is nobody like Radiohead. Well, except MUSE which is Radiohead stuck in The Bends era who are also fantastic and just as talanted. I can't get enough of either. Radiohead makes Pink Floyd look like a second rate lounge act, and I'm a big Floyd fan as well.    Nobody has put out as much QUALITY material as Radiohead. Nobody.    Simply put, if you're a fan you'll like it. If you're still on the fence this album isn't going to make you a convert, and if you hate them this won't change your mind.    P.S. Nobody rocks as hard as QOTSA and lets just hope the re-re of the self titled LP isn't going to get delayed AGAIN! Grrrrrrrrrrr
1439102724|3.0|I generally love Jodi Picoult's work so bought this one enthusiastically. She effectively portrayed the struggles faced by the LGBT community face and did so with dignity and grace. That said, I found it to be depressing with a very predictable ending. Not her best work. I just didn't enjoy reading it, as I did \\"House Rules\\", for example. I'm straight with friends and relatives who are gay, so the subject matter didn't bother me; I just didn't enjoy it particularly.
1591843790|4.0|Guy Kawasaki is one smart cookie. Don't believe us? Just ask him.<br /><br />Kawasaki's book, \\"The Art of the Start,\\" literally became the bible of startup entrepreneurs looking for buy-in along Silicon Valley's Sand Hill Road VC set, while catapulting Kawasaki to essential speaker status at many of the Bay Area's high-tech conferences of the last half decade.<br /><br />In this, his tenth book, the author, speaker and former evangelist for Apple computer, takes us on a journey to \\"Enchantment\\"; that special quality that takes companies from necessary to can't live without status. Steve Jobs' company is, of course, at the top of the enchantment list, but others like internet shoe emporium Zappos and even Queen Latifah qualify, too.<br /><br />Along the way, Kawasaki points out rules, guideposts, axioms and techniques all designed to help your company increase its engagement, reputation and success in being the top-of-mind, go-to company in its unique product or marketing space. \\"Enchantment\\" quickly covers a wide array of methods to help insure success; from how to dress, to Tweeting parameters (tweet often, repeat your tweets, did I tell you I run Alltop?) to learning how to present (shorten, rehearse, repeat). Most of Kawasaki's techniques make perfect sense and he sometimes takes both sides of the argument to show just how rules have exceptions to themselves as well.<br /><br />The problem may just be Kawasaki himself. At times, it seems like the author is just trying too hard to cement his reputation as a \\"high-tech guru.\\" He continues to use his trademarked phrases from previous efforts (\\"bull shiitake,\\" \\"10-20-30') as gives us \\"Guy's rules\\" for nearly everything. Unlike contemporaries such as Seth Godin or David Meerman Scott, Kawasaki seems unable to proffer advice without a heavy dose of self-promotion (Did I tell you I met Richard Branson?)<br /><br />If there is one lesson that the author dispenses that would also serve him well, it might just be humility. If you can get past that, this is otherwise a good book.wise a good book.
B00009RDGA|5.0|I love this DVD.  I loved the movie when it came out, and , after all these years I am glad to find the DVD.  it is a little pricey, but I am not disappointed in it.  this movie is one of my favorites.
B000FBFN1U|5.0|Waiting on the next one. Great books, lots of details, reads very well, action packed, strong and interesting characters, I read all the books in the series back to back to back to back. Highly recommend.
1593083564|5.0|Mansfield Park is Austen's third,least popular,and my second favorite of her novels.It is the least popular because like most of her relatives,most readers do not understand the heroine Fanny Price.Fanny's high sense of morals,duty,honor and gentleness are uncommon in our society today.Today society doesn't have a moral code.I am very fond of Fanny and she is one of my favorite heroines.<br /><br />I dislike Henry and Mary Crawford,who most other readers seem to like.Henry Crawford is the kind of man who leads you on,gets sick of you,or gets what he wants or both then skips out on you.Leaving you with a brokenheart.Henry Crawford is the best actor of all the young people(in play they almost put on in the book).It's because his whole life is that an act.He cannot be himself because he doesn't know himself.His sister Mary is not much better.She values money over character.<br /><br />Henry charms Fanny's female cousins Maria and Julia.While Mary bewitches Fanny's best friend,cousin,and true love Edmund.Fanny is the only one who doesn't fall under the Crawfords charms.She sees them for who they are all charm,no substance.Fanny Price may not be as lively or witty as some of Austen's other heroines like Elizabeth and Emma but everyone is differnt.I hope when you read Mansfield Park you love Fanny Price for who she is and not who she isn't.
0765326353|3.0|There's a lot to like here.  The world is intricate and detailed (always a strength for Sanderson) and some of the characters are quite good.  But overall, there's probably about 300 pages of material that could have been cut, and maybe more.  I really wish his editors were more willing to cut out some of the bloating, and I hope they'll do it more rigorously with the remaining nine books.  I will certainly not rush to buy any of them like I did this one, but I expect I'll finish the series, probably in a decade when it's complete.  For now, though, tread carefully.
1593081545|5.0|Mansfield Park is Austen's third,least popular,and my second favorite of her novels.It is the least popular because like most of her relatives,most readers do not understand the heroine Fanny Price.Fanny's high sense of morals,duty,honor and gentleness are uncommon in our society today.Today society doesn't have a moral code.I am very fond of Fanny and she is one of my favorite heroines.<br /><br />I dislike Henry and Mary Crawford,who most other readers seem to like.Henry Crawford is the kind of man who leads you on,gets sick of you,or gets what he wants or both then skips out on you.Leaving you with a brokenheart.Henry Crawford is the best actor of all the young people(in play they almost put on in the book).It's because his whole life is that an act.He cannot be himself because he doesn't know himself.His sister Mary is not much better.She values money over character.<br /><br />Henry charms Fanny's female cousins Maria and Julia.While Mary bewitches Fanny's best friend,cousin,and true love Edmund.Fanny is the only one who doesn't fall under the Crawfords charms.She sees them for who they are all charm,no substance.Fanny Price may not be as lively or witty as some of Austen's other heroines like Elizabeth and Emma but everyone is differnt.I hope when you read Mansfield Park you love Fanny Price for who she is and not who she isn't.
B001LF347E|5.0|I have watched all three seasons of Merlin...actually missed 2 or 3 of the very 1st programs before I began to watch...so I wanted to get the 1st season of Merlin which I ordered recently.  This Complete First Season is so great to watch & I know that any fan of Merlin, as I am, will love this.  Thanks
B004EBT5CU|5.0|I hadn't heard much of Adele until I previewed the tracks on Amazon.  What an amazing talent.  If I remember right, she co-wrote most of the songs on 21.  It's been in my car's cd player for a month or so now and I'm still not tired of listening.
B0017OB12O|5.0|David Lean was probably one of the best directors in the business. With movies such as Dr. Zhivago; Lawrence of Arabia; Ryan's Daughter & Passage to India the Bridge on the River Kwai is another grand epic that certainly shines more brightly on Blu-ray. David Leans use of sound and photography goes unmatched in my opinion. I am looking forward to Lawrence of Arabia in Blu-ray!
B0009UC810|1.0|This is an ilegal copy of The Blues Bros. I owned a video shop and I know a bootleg.  It is a federal offense to recopy a movie. Amazon is a wonderful company and is not aware of this.  I love Amazon and will continue to support them. Richard Piselli.
B004J1DBJI|5.0|Works great, appears similar to mobile site. Added bonus to math is that it uses its own keyboard, with many mathematical symbols. I only wish I could use it elsewhere.
B003CIG7AE|2.0|Having been extremely impressed with the first two albums, I found the third to fall very short in all aspects. The songwriting is far weaker. There is a complete lack of passion, so apparent in the prior albums. It sounds like a southern barbershop quartet. It that's the sound they were trying to achieve, then by that dubious standard only could this effort be considered a success. There is not one song here that I connected to, and I'm someone who finds myself going back to listen to band of horses (the first two albums) again and again after first hearing the song \\"St. Augustine\\" in a restaurant and using Soundhound on my iPhone to find out what was playing. Hopefully, they will start producing great albums again. This is an immensely talented group of artists.
B002Y074BW|5.0|Great season, great show.  It's nothing like the books, but that's fine with me probably because I watched the series before reading the books.  Because the book and TV series are SO different it's almost like two separate stories.  If you like the supernatural genre you'll enjoy this.
0545265355|5.0|I thought I had reviewed this series already, then I remembered I was so emotionally moved after having read these books that I couldn't find words to review them.  Let me start by saying I am a 38 y/o woman with 2 pre-teen children. When several people at work were discussing this series I really didn't think I'd like.  My friend Krista, who shares similar reading interest sang it's praises so I purchased them for my kindle. I've read them and all I can say is Wow, Wow, Wow.  I have since purchased them in hardback form!  This series is incredible.  I want my daughter to read these in a year or two-before she sees the upcoming movie. When I finished the hunger games I had to immediately start on Catching Fire and when I finished it I started on MockingJay.  I read these books in one weekend and when I finished them I was emotionally drained.  I cried for most of MockingJay.  I cried days after when I thought about the books.  My family thought I had lost my mind.  It has been a long time since I've read somthing that touched me like this.  As I sit here writing I realize I've told NOTHING of the book's content.... Well, I'm not going to.  Read for yourself and discover the brilliant writting of Suzanne Collins.
B002QGUFWE|4.0|This albumn could have easily been a one disc recording with all the best songs on one CD.  I love the excellent songs.  I don't like the \\"bubblegum\\" side of Gaga.
B00005R24G|5.0|To see two great actors face off in a film like this is a joy to behold. 'Sleuth' provides this golden opportunity, especially when both actors are at the top of their game. You would think that Lawrence Olivier's grand theatrical acting style and Michael Caine's more straightforward acting style would clash, but in 'Sleuth' they blend wonderfully. It helps that Anthony Shaffer's outstanding screenplay (based on his popular stage play) gives these two actors a delicious cat and mouse game to engage in.     Olivier is a famous mystery novelist who invites Caine, his wife's hairdresser, to his estate to offer him an intriguing proposal. You see, Caine is sleeping with Olivier's wife and Olivier wants Caine to, as he says, \\"take her off my hands\\". To reveal anymore would spoil all the fun. Just enjoy the twists and turns of this delightful story.     Translating a stage play like this to the big screen can be a tricky proposition, but director Joseph L. Mankiewicz pulls this off splendidly. Ken Adam (who worked on many of the James Bond films) does a brilliant job designing the sets, especially the incredible variety of games that are featured which vividly illustrates the obsession with games playing that Olivier's character has. I don't know if Ken Adam found them in shops or invented them himself, but they certainly are ingenious. You try solving a 500 piece jigsaw puzzle that's completely blank!    If you purchase this DVD, DO NOT get the 1997 Anchor Bay edition. It has poor picture quality, it was not formatted properly (1.66:1, you can tell by looking at the opening credits), you have to flip the disc halfway through the film to watch the second part of the film and the audio is awful. I had to turn the volume all the way up just to understand the dialogue! You should get the 2002 Anchor Bay edition. The picture quality is improved, it's formatted properly (1.85:1), the audio is clear and solid and it also has an interview with Anthony Shaffer that was recordedshortly before he died. Oh, yeah...the film and bonus material are all on one side of the disc! I've owned both editions and, trust me, the 2002 edition is much, much better. I hope you enjoy this wonderful film as much as I always do.
B004J1DBJI|5.0|This application is an excellent way to search for answers to questions.  Google may be great for &quot;information&quot; but isn't the best at answers.  Would have been a perfect tool in school.
B0041KKYEM|2.0|This movie was recommended to me by a few friends.  I went into it, figuring skeptically, that hype was surrounding this movie.  I was correct.    The movie is basically about a verge-of-stardom ballet dancer who must cross-over to the dark side so-to-speak in order to capture the full breadth of her role.  It's not hard to see where this would go.  (some spoilers) She goes from being an oh-so-sweet mommy's nice girl to doing drugs and engaging in deviant sexual behavior.      Symbolically, a lot of this is just her growing up, but some of it was her diving in the deep end of insanity to fully be able to embrace her dark side, which was not natural at all to her.  They use Winona Rider as a starlet gone wrong (read as flipped her lid) to illustrate the path she's heading down.  Kunis's character serves as an introduction to moving away from the safe shores of always being nice and perfect and towards a ruthless attitude.  Increasingly, she sees herself as the Black Swan, and falls more and more into that role in her waking life.  Her rash is symbolic of an itch that must be scratched; that is moving towards greater freedom to use her shadow side, culminating with pulling out a black feather, implying she had sprouted the feathers of the black swan.  Also, the end scene I think a lot of people had misinterpreted to be literal, when, again, it's symbolic of her having fully killed off her old sugar, spice, and everything nice self.  Figurative suicide.  Killing Kunis's character was also symbolic of her killing off her need for being shown \\"the path\\".  She had it at that point.        Natalie Portman's acting, and the acting elsewhere, is decent, but not her best, certainly not oscar-worthy.  It just shows how far movie quality has slid downhill for this to be what's on the pedestal.  Standard tripe and hype.  I was not in the least surprised to find myself not impressed with this movie when all's said and done.
B001H1OUUC|5.0|i bought a record player for my music room and since ray is one of my favorite artists i started buying his vinyls. till the sun turns black is my favorite album and his voice sounds amazing.
B00005N6KG|4.0|I purchased these headphones as a gift for my wifey and she loves them. It takes a little work to get the ear speakers positioned perfectly onto the ear canal, but they sound great when you finally do. I also purchased her a different type of earphone that wraps around the back of her ears, but she didn't like them because her ears got sore after wearing them for awhile. The \\"Sony Ultra Lights\\" were a good choice for my wife. (As with most mini headphones the bass response was lacking.)
1400079144|5.0|Beautifully written.  Gripping nonstop action and Hard to Put Down!  This book inspired me to study more heavily in the world of Freemasonry and the Illuminati.  At the top of my list amoung all-time favorite novels.
B000HT3P7E|5.0|i love this show. i started watching a few months ago and had to pick this up. An amazing Sitcom. My only gripe would be that the DVD case came broken, but thats just my story. I highly suggest this show to anyone looking for a good laugh
B0025UHKNS|5.0|I do not profess to be an expert in new technology, but I am always willing to learn if I feel that technology can help me achieve my goals. As an avid runner I have a few friends who have Garmin watches. They all cite the aide that Garmin gives them in training. After making the purchase I totally agree. While I have had a little difficulty with all the options that the watch gives you I am slowly gaining the ability to navigate all the options the watch gives you. I love it. The only improvement I would suggest would be that there be more comprehensive written instructions included with the watch with the many options presented in a flow chart mode with a definition of the options.
B000JIHP88|4.0|This is a cute mobile and seems worth the price. As others have mentioned, the music is a bit quiet but it's a nice volume for going to sleep and I think it sounds a bit louder for the baby, who is closer to it. Our daughter enjoys it and she was 4 months old when we bought it. This is the second mobile we've purchased and we chose this one because our other one needs to be hand-wound and only plays for a couple of minutes. I like that this one plays longer so keeps her entertained longer. Our baby also likes to watch the light that this shines when she's going to sleep.
0143038419|5.0|This book is a great read!  Easy to read and touching, I learned a lot from reading about another woman's journey.  I've since bought 3 different copies for girlfriends of mine!  :-)  They say they are enjoying it as well.  The book is WAY better than the movie, though the movie is great too, the book is just more detailed.  I would recommend this book for anyone with an open mind and like learning from other people's experiences!!!
B001LF347E|5.0|My husband and I started watching merlin the first season when it was a fill in for one of our major network stations. After that, we found ways to watch this show. Even though we know the story line.. the humor and the way it is written makes it intriguing all over again.They will be going into their 4th season early 2012.. we can hardly wait.   If you liked this time period.. of knights, Kings and ...Magic.. you would love Merlin!
B004L79VUI|5.0|This is the best album I have heard in a long time! In my opinion, there is not a weak song in the bunch. Each track can stand on it's own, yet they all fit together in a beautifully woven tapestry. I can't even pick a favorite except to say it is the one I am listening to at the time. Get this album. You won't be disappointed!
B0025UHKNS|5.0|My first GPS watch; perfect for my half and full marathon training.  Bezel has sensitivity settings that work well.  The \\"lock bezel\\" feature is very helpful during workouts.  I love the training display settings; there are more options than I could ever use.  Overall, great watch so far.  I have logged 24 workouts in the past month, and have had no issues.
B004RJMUJO|5.0|Who knew slicing fruit could be so addicting! It's like a fruit version of the mad bird app!! I like it and whenever I'm bored, I get a few games in.
0812550757|5.0|This book was amazing. I was worried it wouldn't be as good as ender's game but amazing. You should definitely read it.
B004SBS8LA|5.0|I'm a big fan of the Angry Bird series and I love that this was offered for free! Great promo! This is classic Angry Birds with different backgrounds and different set-ups. Fun for the whole family!
B002BU0DPE|3.0|I chose these over the Triton based on my own awareness of Turtle Beach's stellar audio reputation.  I CAN'T BELIEVE TB would make such awesome headphones and then build them with a CHEAP ASS plastic swivel connection that is not up to the task.  I have now had the left headpiece break off right at the join on TWO sets of headphones and my brother-in-law, ALSO TWO SETS of headphones that broke at the exact same spot.  He also had to return a pair that was not giving him his own voice in the headset...    When working properly the headset is brilliant for both the gamer and his widow.  They are comfortable though slightly binding even on my narrow cranium.  The sound quality of both the game and chat are Turtle Beach awesome and you can control game and chat volume separately.    If you buy them treat them like fine china.  Both my bro-in-law and i experienced a break from simply picking them up incorrectly (the little cable catches the mic and pulls the ear-piece).    COME ON, TURTLE BEACH!!! How could you skimp on such a critical piece of the hardware???    Lucky for me my current broke set is still under warranty as it was purchased with an AMEX card that doubles the warranty.  Both my brother-in-law and i have decided to purchase the Triton headset when our current headphones break, which they undoubtedly, inevitably will.
B00006I53S|3.0|I have had this lens for about a year now, it came with my 50D. Since owning this lens I have taken a little over 10,000 \\"keeper photos\\" and shot a few thousand more. I work for my university's newspaper as a photographer, so I have used this lens in a vast variety of situations from award ceremonies, protests, campus events, and for a while even hockey games. In addition to this lens I own Canon's EF-S 10mm-22mm f/3.5-4.5 IS USM and 70-200mm f/2.8L USM, I am also fairly familiar with the EF 50mm f/1.8 II and EF 100mm-400mm f/4.5-5.6 L IS USM. I am mentioning my other lens experiences to provide a point of reference for my comparison.    This lens is a great walk-around lens, it has a very nice range. The AF works quite well, not as fast the the L series lenses I have used, but that is to be expected as this lens is in no wan comparable to L-series glass. The AF can get a little slow in low light, but as long as you try to give it something good to focus on it will usually be able to get it right. The USM motor is very quiet. I think it is actually quieter than my 70-200, and it is much quieter than the 50mm 1.8 (which is not USM).    The aperture range on this lens is not amazing, so it doesn't perform great in low light, especially at it's 135mm full zoom. The bokeh from this lens is pretty good, nothing really special and by no means creamy.    The build of this lens is not amazing, but its still pretty solid. Its just about all plastic, it gets lens creep (slips forward) pretty easily, and the barrel has a bit of wobble to it. These issues really don't detract from photo quality in any way. All complaints aside, this lens has held up to a fall glass-first into a brick staircase, and a trip traveling Russia along the Trans-Siberian rail-road. Granted it was protected with a Hoya UV filter the entire time it was being used, and a lens hood after the first UV filter shattered during the brick staircase fall.    In terms of quality? You can get some really good photos with this lens, just don't plan on having the luxury of zooming and cropping because the quality is not quite that high.    If you want a really good example of what this lens can do, search flickr for the tag \\"canon28135f3556\\" to see how photos turn out for a variety of cameras in all situations by a myriad of users.
B004G6009U|5.0|This has to be one of my girls' favorite Disney movies!  It is so cute, and the music is fantastic!  There is also a lot of humor in it!  Well done Disney!
0307408833|3.0|Update:    After looking at the author's website and her recipes posted in MarthaStewart.com, I've removed one star from my rating. The online recipes are different from the ones on the book. For the vanilla frosting recipe, for example, everything was the same except for the amount of the soy milk, which was half of what was indicated in the book. I think is indicates that the recipe in the book was erroneous. However, the author does not admit this. It's not even mentioned in the FAQ I linked to below. I feel bad the author treats her readers this way. We deserve the correct, tested recipes. If mistakes were made, admit them and move on. No wonder so many people failed in their attempts to make the frosting :-(      **************    I saw this cookbook at the bookstore and immediately fell in love with the photographs, and the promise of delicious baked goods made without gluten and/or wheat, dairy, eggs, and sugar.     This was important to me, because we recently discovered my son was allergic to wheat, gluten, dairy, eggs and peanuts. I didn't want him to miss out on his favorite treats in spite of his food allergies, so I set out to find the best GFCFEF recipes for baking.    When I got home and had the chance to see the reviews for this book, I got nervous. It seems people were trying these recipes and failing.    I'm not at all surprised that the recipes aren't exactly what they use in the bakery. I mean, come on, people. Baking for a few people is far different than baking for hundreds. Bakeries tend to measure ingredients by weight, for example. However this isn't realistic for most home bakers.    I do expect, however, the recipes to have been tested several times before publication.     I tried my first recipe in this book with a little trepidation and a lot of hope. My first attempt were the brownies. I didn't have gar-fava, so I used rice flour instead. I also substituted canola oil for the coconut oil. The results I got were amazing. They were so delicious and moist, I had to shoo my non-allergic daughters away so their brother would have some left over.    My next attempt, the banana bread, wasn't as successful, however. Like others who've tried the teacake recipes, mine wouldn't cook in the middle. The loaf rose beautifully, but then I took it out of the oven, thinking it was done (the toothpick looked clean though moist) and it promptly sank in the middle. When I sliced a knife in the middle, it turned out to be very wet and raw. So I placed it back in the oven for another 5, 10, 15 minutes. It's still in the oven now, as I type this.    That said, the banana chocolate chip mini-muffins I made with my leftover batter turned out perfectly.    I'm not entirely blaming the recipe. I've had the exact same thing happen when I baked a regular banana bread recipe years ago. I actually blame the bananas. Their moisture content is probably too unpredictable or something. So maybe next time I'm going to use the same recipe but bake muffins instead. Or increase the amount of flour by 1/3 cup or so.    I love that the recipes are not only allergen-free but are healthy as well. I like the idea of using plenty of coconut oil, because I do believe coconut is good for our health. Maybe that's why the author is so slim despite (it appears) eating a lot of sweets. I'm also attracted by the prospect of having my sweet treats without using refined sugar.    As with other allergen-free cookbooks, you'll need specialty flours to bake the recipes. That's just the way it is when you want to bake but are constrained to use wheat flour, eggs, butter and cow's milk.    By the way, if you can't find the ingredients, the author has some suggested substitutions and other tips on her FAQ page at []    I'm looking forward to trying more recipes from this cookbook. I can't wait until I get my hands on some unscented coconut oil to try out the famous Babycakes cupcake and frosting. Stay tuned!
0307277453|5.0|\\"Take the body plan of a fish, dress it up as a mammal, then tweak and twist that mammal until it walks on two legs, talks, thinks, and has superfine control of it's fingers - and you have a recipe for problems. We can dress up a fish only so much without paying a price. Arteries nerves and veins make amazing detours twists and turns. Nerves make strange loops around other organs, apparently going in one direction only to twist and end up in another place. Hence our history sentences us to endure hiccups, haemorrhoids, hernias and cancers.\\"     May we all come to understand how we came to be as we are and forever will be, with the help of Neil Schubin! He gives us the most believable creation story since \\"the other one,\\"  which does not explain hiccups, haemorrhoids hernias and cancers. Also he introduces us to the Law of Everything: \\"Every living thing on the planet has parents, and sprang in a modified way from some parental genetic information. These parental lineages continue to when we were pond scum 3.8 billion years ago, and beyond...\\"    The other creation story does not mention The Law of Everything.    Thank you Neil Schubin. Ahhh Men!
B00004R9A4|5.0|This movie was one that I wanted to add to the movie collection. It works great and plays without trouble. I am glad that I was able to get it.
B004EBT5CU|5.0|This album is absolutely epic! I can count on one hand how many albums I can listen to all the way through, without skipping a track and Adele's 21 has just made #4. This album is so personal and heartfelt that you can't help but be in love with it. I found out that the basis of the album was her hard break-up with her boyfriend. After listening to the words of each song, I realize how vuknerable and open Adele is about speaking out publicly about the relationship. She does it with great expression and you can feel her emotions through each song. My favorites are \\"Set Fire to the Rain\\", \\"Lovesong\\", \\"Don't you Remember\\". I can't wait until her next album! I love her voice, her musical style and the wonderful ballads. This album will not disappoint!
B004LP601S|3.0|This CD was hit or miss with me. Six songs made my iPod...four didn't. They sound a lot less 60's and more 80's here, especially on songs like \\"Let's Kill Tonight\\" and the highly danceable \\"Ready To Go\\". \\"Hurricane\\" is fun but annoying at the same time. I think my favorite cut is the last one...\\"Nearly Witches\\", which really stood out from everything else, very ambitious with a lot going on.    I do appreciate the recent trend of new CD releases being between 35-40 minutes long, like vinyl albums were back in the day. It's the rare band that can fill an entire 60-70 minute CD with high quality music without a lot of filler. The Flaming Lips is one of the few exceptions that comes to mind.
B003BWERF8|4.0|I have a iPod Nano (6th gen), which I have plugged into a wristband which was custom-designed for the nano.  (check Kickstarter for some of these wristbands).  I like that a lot, but having the headphone cable running down my arm was a constant hassle.  You'd think that would be a pretty minor issue, but even though I'm in an office all day I am active enough for that cable to keep get getting caught on one thing or another.    So I bought this, and coupled it with a Nokia BH-214 Bluetooth Stereo Headset that I also have.  This seems to work quite well.  It's a little tricky to get them to pair, because the stereo receiver keeps shutting down when it doesn't receive any sound for awhile.  So, you probably want to have the ipod playing even before you attempt to pair up the two devices.  The devices probably did pair a few times when I was not playing any music, but I didn't realize they had paired.  I'd \\"pair\\" them, put the earbuds in my ears, turn on the music for a second, hear nothing, and turn the music back off.  When I finally left the music playing while I was trying to pair the devices, it seemed to work without any problem.    I have only run this combination for about 30 minutes, so I can't say anything about how much of a drain the transmitter is on the Nano's battery.  Hopefully I'll remember to come back to this page on amazon in a few weeks and update this review.    I have no complaints at all with this, but for now my rating is four stars only because I have so little experience with it.  (I also have no idea why anyone would use this with an iPod Touch, iPhone, or iPad.  Those devices already support stereo bluetooth)    More info, added 3 days later:  It looks like the battery charge on my iPod nano drops down to about 3.5 to 4 hours when I have this transmitter plugged in.  Longer would have been nicer, obviously.  And when I'm walking around, I'll sometimes notice the sound drop out for maybe a second or so.  It does not happen often, and I haveonly noticed it when I'm active (as opposed to sitting in my office).  Other than those two issues, I'm pretty happy with this.  I'll still rate it as four stars for now, as I still think I need more experience with it before giving it a final rating.
B000002P72|5.0|This album fantastically captures the intimate relationship a blues artist had with his audience back in 1964. It was less about BB's striking guitar chords and more about his philosophies about men and women and all the wonderful and terrible things that being in a relationship means. \\"Sweet Little Angel\\" is my personal favorite... which is indeed as sexually suggestive as BB ever got. Check out the crowd response at the climax of \\"How Blue Can You Get\\"...to this audience he was Elvis, The Beatles or for today's young females, Justin Bieber (with a heck of a lot more experience). BB is the consummate entertainer. This CD sounds great, but be warned that it is poorly edited as \\"You Upset Me Baby\\" is clearly two different songs thrown together.
B002ZG99QS|1.0|This is a review of this awful movie. 20 years later and this is the best they can come up with? Ugh! There is only 2 good things about this movie, light bikes and a hot girl in black latex. That's it. The rest of the movie blows. And it amazes me that anyone would give this movie a positive review. So Sam is the major shareholder of the company Encom but yet, he has to break into his own company to play a prank once a year? Why? It's his company! And it would appears this billion dollar company can only hire one security guard? Who has to run all the way up to try and catch the owner breaking into his own company? Stupid! And either the actor Garrett Heglund or maybe the script was written this way, but he acts like a boring, unemotional d-bag through the whole movie. Sam doesn't seem to be that surprised when he enters a virtual world and just so happens to be BA with a disc. Okay, whatever. Now Kevin Flynn is hiding out in this virtual world but off grid with real world items, such as books, and eating green beans? Huh? You don't need to eat in this world! And where did the books come from and why did Kevin bring them in. And if he's hold up off the grid, how come Clu can later just fly out to this hide out? Why hasn't Clu never went looking for Kevin out in this region before. Who knows!? And it was lame how Tron who had been reprogrammed to a bad guy, just so happens to defend the good guys at the most convenient time. And how about that long time delay, when Clu decides to kill Zeus or whatever his name is with planted explosives in the techno-bar and it doesn't explode for like five minutes. Why doesn't the Zeus guy just escape? Oh yeah, and another stupid thing, when Sam is fighting Tron(dual disc guy) and Sam gets cut on his arm and bleeds! Hello!, this is a virtual computer world, you are not flesh and blood here! So how can he bleed at all? And the idea is given that Clu wants to come to the real world along with his bat armed army and take over the world. Ha! Ha! Why fear this at all? How are these losers going to go up against a real world military? Clu would be wiped out in no time. And how is it possible for a completely virtual person, such as Clu or that hot latex covered girl to gain real world flesh and bones? That's not how the device works! Talk about a movie with gapping plot holes.
0525422943|5.0|If I Stay to me was one of those books that stayed with me for so long after I finished reading it, I kept thinking about it and wondering about the end and what might happened next with Mia and Adam. All along for a year afterwards I thought that was going to be it, but then Gayle surprised us by saying she was writing a sequel and I got extremely excited, I was finally going to get more and some answers. Then I read the synopsis and I was like WHAT???? Yeah, I was crushed to find out that they weren't together and that it had been three years, even though I was kind of sad about that I was also eager to find out the whys and the hows and really looking forward to getting to know Adam a bit more since it was going to be told from his point of view.<br /><br />Well I went in with pretty high expectations, because I loved If I Stay and Gayle's writing just captures your soul, but Where She Went surpassed all those expectations I had, it was truly incredible. At first I thought that it wouldn't make me cry as hard or as much as I did with If I Stay because obviously the main character is very much alive but then I realized that it wasn't that Mia was in limbo in If I Stay but the beautiful writing and characters that suck you right into the story and makes you connect with them in a way that you feel their emotions as if they were your own, you immerse yourself into the story and that's what makes it so much more emotional, not just because of the deaths. I was completely proven wrong about not crying with this one, I fell in love with Adam so much that I was sobbing like a baby more than once while reading Where She Went.<br /><br />I loved Adam's voice, it was so true and so heartfelt, so realistic. Then you add the wonderfully talented musician factor and you have one truly unique guy. We can really feel a lot more the emotional turmoil that he goes through in this one, even more so when you read the lyrics of his songs at the top of each chapter, I loved that Gayle included that. We also get to see everything that happened after the end of If I Stay through flashbacks in Adam's mind and how his band became really famous and the journey it took him to get there. I loved those little flashbacks because we get to see a bit about how Mia and Adam's relationship was before the accident and how incredibly close he was with her family, it was so heartbreaking to read but also makes you feel so much closer and connected to them.<br /><br />Even though Gayle Forman put me through such torture while reading this book, the not knowing how it was all going to end up and the many emotions that I went through, I still adore this book. Where She Went is truly a beautiful sequel that leaves you ruined to be able to pick up anything else afterwards. I seriously fell in love with Adam, I was fangirling about him by the end and felt like I missed him so much that I had to go back and read the book all over again, I couldn't move on. To me that is a sign of a truly amazing book, it leaves you longing for it at the end and with a bit of heartache because it's over. I will forever read anything that Gayle Forman writes, she is brilliant at pulling at your heartstrings. I truly recommend this series if you haven't picked it up yet, you're missing out!We also get to see everything that happened after the end of If I Stay through flashbacks in Adam's mind and how his band became really famous and the journey it took him to get there. I loved those little flashbacks because we get to see a bit about how Mia and Adam's relationship was before the accident and how incredibly close he was with her family, it was so heartbreaking to read but also makes you feel so much closer and connected to them.     Even though Gayle Forman put me through such torture while reading this book, the not knowing how it was all going to end up and the many emotions that I went through, I still adore this book. Where She Went is truly a beautiful sequel that leaves you ruined to be able to pick up anything else afterwards. I seriously fell in love with Adam, I was fangirling about him by the end and felt like I missed him so much that I had to go back and read the book all over again, I couldn't move on. To me that is a sign of a truly amazing book, it leaves you longing for it at the end and with a bit of heartache because it's over. I will forever read anything that Gayle Forman writes, she is brilliant at pulling at your heartstrings. I truly recommend this series if you haven't picked it up yet, you're missing out!
B004NSULHM|5.0|I can see how people who like The bends and OK computer wouldn't like this album.  I totally understand their frustration, so I am not going to try to convince them this is the best album out there.  But for those who aren't die hard fans of The Bends, this album might just be one of the best Radiohead has ever released.  IMO this album, and In Rainbows, are the two of the band's best releases.  Thom Yorke must be on drugs lately, because this music is so radically different and spaced out than anything they've done in the past.  I would say that about half of the songs are just incredible.  The rest is so-so.  However, these tracks, which make up 1/2 to 2/3 of the album, are unbelievably strong.  Everything is so amazing, the layered background vocals, catchy drumming and loops, soft guitar, distorted bass, Yorke's vocals. Just give it a listen, you'll get caught up the very first time you listen to it, then it keeps growing on you.  I haven't got tired of it yet, which is a sign of a great album.  But I'll say it once again, if you are a diehard The Bends fan, you may not like this, because it doesn't rock out.
B000RHKARY|3.0|\\"Crusade\\" remastered, plus 10 bonus tracks. \\"Wow!\\" I said to myself. Well, I'm kind of disappointed here: The sound is crisp but in the process of cleaning the original masters, remastering engineers watered down a bit the Bluesbreakers punchier Blues-Rock sound. Examples of what I'm talking about? Let's check some music record labels and by the way, let me recommend some tips about remastering when you buy your music:  1)Anything remastered by the great Bill Inglot at RHINO(USA), from 1994 to this day, who really took painstaking efforts to restore original tapes to an awesome degree of clarity and punch. He indeed uses digital technology the way it should be intended to. As an audiophile, I declare: Long Live Bill Inglot! Check his name at the back of your CD, among the production credits.  2)Anything remastered from 1999 to this day at ACE Records(U.K.), remastering engineers are doing a great job.  3)Anything remastered from 2002 to this day at BGO Records(U.K.), remastering engineers, same as above.  Compare any CD of these labels to this \\"CRUSADE+BONUS TRACKS\\" Reissue, and you'll \\"hear/listen\\" for yourself.  Keep this in mind for the future, dear buyer.   And for people at Decca-Universal I.S: Please check this little review out and see what you can do from now on. Thanks in advance.
B004J1DBJI|5.0|Wow.  I didn't know what this app was,  until I finally caves and downloaded it,  and was amazed, there's so much info here. I love to learn new things and this is going to help alot. HTC G2.
B002OOG6RQ|5.0|This has to the most experimental Rammstein cd yet! The drums on this cd are awesome. Their drummer uses more double bass on this cd than on any other cd they have released. Till definately experimented with his vocals on this one. If you love metal or Rammstein, you must own this album! (Pussy is a great song to preview.)
B00418NVMQ|5.0|I couldnt stop watching aj the drummer he is amazing!!!! Great show even if it is only 2 channel i cant complain a bit!!!! BUY THIS NOW!!You wont be let down!!
B000002JSP|3.0|This is a replacment of the L.P. that I had in high school, All of my love, and Im gonna crawl are the best tracks on the CD. If your looking to buy it for sentimental value, try to purchase the actual Lp. The art work within the sleeve is worth the investment..
B000GW8OX2|5.0|I'm really happy with this release. The vinyls are 180-gram audiophile pressings.    It's hard to get a decent pressing of newer music these days; this release is an exception. The quality is great, and the packing is beautiful.
B004GYY714|5.0|I haven't downloaded and app from amazon app store yet that I didn't like and this is no different. Easy to use, lots of options, very fast...I mean VERY fast. I tried to use the app for my local classic rock radio station and ate up about 25% of my battery just waiting for it to buffer (which it never did). With TuneIn Radio, I make one click to open it up and one click to hit my presets and i'm off and running....stations load within seconds. Lots of choices as far as local stations or searching by station type. Fantastic app...I use it everyday!
B004MOMT2M|4.0|As you know This is a Masterpeice , The 5.1 Mix is very good , Only better if in true dvd audio format. I Also played this in my x box, very cool. thanks Rush for a 24 bit version of a true classic .
B000UD08HW|5.0|Except for a couple of silly songs, this video is fantastic.  David Gilmour is really on shape, his voice seems exactly the same of the good old days of Pink Floyd, his performance on stage is outstanding, as well as backing vocals, the spetacular singers David Crosby and Graham Nash.
B0041KKYBA|5.0|The financial collapse that occurred throughout the world in the fall of 2008 was an event some three decades in the making.  The deregulating of financial institutions in America, which allowed for rampant speculation, ridiculous home mortgages that people couldn't possibly pay back in a hundred years, and all the various financial ponzi schemes, eventually turned out to be a total disaster.  And this entire debacle, the worst thing to happen to the world, wars and all, since the Great Depression, is what is looked into in INSIDE JOB, an extremely powerful documentary from director Charles Ferguson, whose 2007 debut documentary NO END IN SIGHT, squarely delineated our faults in Iraq.    Treading a lot of the same ground as Michael Moore's 2009 broadside CAPITALISM: A LOVE STORY, but without the populist rhetoric that went along with it, INSIDE JOB takes a long, hard look at the hundreds of individuals and dozens of financial institutions around the world who, thanks to deregulation, caused the financial collapse that eventually led to the national debt of the United States to double, for thirty million people all over the world to lose their jobs, and all of this at a cost estimated to be at least $20 trillion, if not more.  Between the end of the Great Depression and the beginning of the Reagan era, the American economy, while it did rack up enormous debt, was still humming along--the envy of the world as it were.  Once Ronald Reagan and his Wall Street honchos took over the American economy, however, the confluence of money and political influence drove to the near-total elimination of all financial regulations and the brainwashing of the American people that limitless wealth was there for the taking.  From the start, there were signs that America would have to pay at some point.  Wall Street, thanks to risky stock investors and speculators, became the world's biggest casino, with real estate and Internet stocks leading the way, and eventually leading America tothe precipice of a financial Armageddon.  Any attempt on the part of any lawmaker in Congress to revive regulatory rules was stopped by these financial heavyweights, whose influence extended all the way to the White House via the Federal Reserve.    The plummeting stock market collapse of September 15, 2008 should have provided the chance to reform the system.  But as documented by Ferguson, through interviews with former New York state attorney general and governor Elliot Spitzer, former Federal Reserve chief Paul Volcker, author Charles Morris, French finance minister Christine LaGarde, and others, little to nothing was being done to ensure that this would never happen again.  And while Reagan, Bush Sr., and Bush the Younger get a lot of the blame, Bill Clinton and Barack Obama don't exactly get out of this unscathed.  Many of the same people who caused the crisis are still in place; and unless they're removed, or put on trial and sent to jail, nothing will get done to prevent another financial meltdown in the future.    While Ferguson, an academic from MIT, is by no means a product of either the working class or the Far Left like Moore is, he nevertheless delivers as searing an indictment as Moore did in CAPITALISM: A LOVE STORY, though he doesn't advocate the tearing down of the entire capitalist structure like Moore.  He lays out all the facts in a very levelheaded, fair, and balanced examination that is, however, quite dismaying at the very least, and downright infuriating at its worst.  The loss of protections and rules have cost so many millions of Americans their jobs, their homes, and their life savings; and yet there are those who insist, even unto this very day, that financial deregulation worked.  Evidence clearly shows that just the opposite was the case.  And it wasn't just America that suffered from its own deregulation morass; the entire world has suffered, and continues to keep suffering.    The same kind of independent thinking that drove NO END IN SIGHT clearly drives INSIDE JOB, and a more low-key but still populist rage is there too.  We need to remove banks and predatory lenders from the political process and put them on a long but tight leash.  More importantly, we need to permanently debunk the myth of financial deregulation being beneficial to the world, a myth still being perpetrated by our big financial institutions and those in the GOP, the Tea Party, and the Far Right media, if the world is to avoid going over the edge into a financial black hole from which, the next time, there may be no way out of whatsoever.
B00008HCCF|5.0|Despite of her teenager look, for those who have never listened to her (it was my case), Norah Jones has an incredibly strong and beautiful voice, and surprises you from the start. The band is also very good. The music is very soft, appropriate to listen quietly.
0439023491|5.0|In the case of trilogies I usually don't care for the rest as much as the first of the series, but that is not the case with the Hunger Games second book, Catching Fire. Though I wouldn't recommend reading it without having read the first book, and it does have a cliff hanger ending that the first book lacks, making it almost impossible to not want to read the third and final book Mockingjay right away, Catching Fire is great own it's own. Assuming you've read the first book, you already know most of the main characters, with the exception of the tributes for the 75th games. Though I don't want to say much, as I don't want to give away any spoilers for those who have not at least read the first book, this one really is as good as the first.
B004DLPXAO|5.0|Fantastic work, amazon. Thanks for this product. I'm not a physical kindle user, but kindle for android is great for when I want a good distraction and don't want to carry a bunch of stuff around. Good free book selection, easy interface. Love it.
0439023513|4.0|Though I did enjoy Mockingjay, I can't give it the five stars the Hunger Games and Catching Fire deserved. This book picks up a few weeks after Catching Fire ends, though it quickly brings the reader up to speed on what has happened during that time. The whole book is a good read, though the ending seems a little rushed. I can't really say much about why I liked the ending without giving away major spoilers, but for the most part it's a satisfying conclusion to the Hunger Games series, though I have to recommend reading the other two books first, otherwise the plot wouldn't make much sense at all.
B00006ZXSK|5.0|Ever After is a timeless love story for all that believes in love. You are drawn into the hope, the love,and the pain of a love story with a side of humor.
0439023483|5.0|Though the idea of fighting to the death has been done before, it has never been done quite like this. Collins managed to make me really care about most of the characters, sad when ones Katniss, (therefore I as a reader have never met, since the entire book is in Katniss's point of view,) has never even met dies, sympathetic for the \\"villian\\" of the Games she plays in, and really caring about her companions and family back home. The book is satisfying by itself, though I would suggest reading the two sequels, Catching Fire and Mockingjay as well.
0393072231|3.0|Michael Lewis writes about smart people who saw the sub-prime melt down and profited handsomely.      What is so funny is there are no free lunches in the markets.    Dr. Michael Burry who was the hero of this book was nearly wiped out when his investors grew impatient and wanted their money back.    Dr. Burry was able to escape just by luck because if the debacle had happened two years later he would have been wiped out.    Many people knew that housing was in a bubble like many people now know Gold/Silver/Commodities are in bubble but can you do anything about it that is the question.
B001FB5634|4.0|The Road was a very good movie about a man and his son struggling to survive the appocalypse. It is a very dark movie, but well written and keeps you glued to the screen. My whole family enjoyed it very much.
B001AQO3QA|5.0|The \\"Alien\\" films are incredible on Bluray! Everyone who has seen and likes the movies has their own opinions on which parts are best and which parts they like best so I won't venture an opinion on any of that. I can only say that the movies are excellent and incredibly sharp and well defined on the miracle of Bluray!
B0027BOL4G|5.0|I purchased FOOD INC. to share with a group and they also gave it \\"five stars\\".  It is a must see DVD to acquaint oneself with what our bodies consume and question our eating habits.  FOOD, INC. gives a remarkable insight to how our food is produced.
B004G600A4|5.0|The movie was funny and definitely entertaining. My daughter loves it and I find myself loving it too. Its not just a kid movie, its a movie that appeals to all audiences and adults would find it very fun to watch. The animation was flawless, and there was no bad language, so thats a major plus for me as a mom. I think anyone would benefit from watching this movie because it sorts of takes you back to feeling like a kid again.
B0040JHF28|5.0|This CD is just wonderful. There isn't a single Lied in it I don't love! In my opinion, this is her best CD so far, even better than Coloraturas. A must have!
B003FVI2KQ|5.0|I bought this to use in a white box ESXi server.  I can run multiple VMs at high load and it doesn't blink.
B004RJMUJO|3.0|there is such a delay on the swiping of the sword that is make this game worthless on the droid.  now for the galaxy tab, it works pretty well.
0670022411|1.0|This book was the biggest waste of my time. If the author cut out about two to three hundred pages, it might have been good. The authors describes how wines tastes for pages and I mean pages. Nothing exciting, and I mean nothing.   I never write reviews but felt it my duty to let others know not to waste their time and money.
0316098337|4.0|I really liked the premise of this book and found the story very interesting.  Jack's language was hard for me to read at times...even though I understand that he spoke the way he did, it is frustrating for me to believe that his mother's usage of the English language was so poor.  There were also times where he would form very correct and proper sentences in times where I didn't expect it since his speech was so disjointed most of the time.  Also...the brestfeeding was disturbing.    On a positive note, his observations of the outside world were often fascinating.  I loved a passage where he took note of the way mothers didn't really pay attention to their kids who were playing, but when it came time to take a picture, the mothers made sure that the picture looked just perfect.  That was a good reminder for me to \\"tune in\\" more to my children.    Overall, I would definitely recommend this book.
0439023521|3.0|There are plenty of eloquently written synopses of this novel here on Amazon, so I will spare you another re-telling.  However, I would like to share why the title of my review has a double-meaning:    I am indeed hungry to continue reading the trilogy--I read this book in one evening and will most likely knock the other two out this weekend.  The premise of the book was great, and with respect to the concepts of government abuse and the uglier aspects of human nature, I could easily draw parallels to our world today.  I found the author's writing style to be engaging and relatable, much like her characters in the story.  And due to the abrupt, cliffhanger-ish ending I want to know \\"the rest of the story.\\"    This reminds me of why I'm still hungry...    Maybe I've watched too many Tarantino movies or read too many Stephen King novels, but I was not blown away by the \\"goriness\\" or \\"brutality\\" that so many reviewers mentioned.  It's the overall theme of humanity gone wrong that I find most scary, not the physical acts of atrocity that were committed in the book.  That's innate fight-or-flight right there.  The heroine's struggle to survive didn't leave an indelible mark on my soul either, nor did the potential \\"love triangle\\" constructed by the author.  I appreciate a great romance as much as the next reader, but I distinctly recall thinking that I would've enjoyed the whole \\"first kiss vs. real first kiss with feelings\\" if I were still a teenaged girl.    For me the mark of an engrossing book is if I lose all track of time and place, and the world falls away to the point where I don't hear or see anything but the characters.  I know many readers gave this book 5 stars, which for me means this book would've produced some sort of paradigm shift.  For me it was an enjoyable read, but I could also read it while performing other tasks, so instead I gave it 3 stars.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|This is just an amazing documentary. Blu-ray picture quality is great (although it is \\"only\\" 1080i) and sounds are not bad either (Dolby Digital only, no lossless audio). I Highly recommend this product.
B0001HAISG|5.0|I've liked Peter Pan but never really went out of my way to watch it. It wasn't until I just happened to be channel surfing that I saw this version. Quite honestly, if it wasn't for Jason Isaacs name in the info I wouldn't have bothered. I'm very happy I did. This movie is simply amazing!! Jason makes an awesome Hook and Jeremy makes an adorable Peter.     If you like Peter Pan you should at least see this version. I've suggested it to my friends and family that like Peter and they've also fallen in love with it.
B00005Y46O|5.0|With the extra tunes on this copy it is indeed a \\"must have\\" for any fan. The soulfulness of this band shines!
0316056863|2.0|I love Tina Fey.<br /><br />I heard her voice the entire time I was reading.  That's a good thing about the book, her voice comes through.<br /><br />There are some fine points.  It has it's moments of humor.  It has one blow your mind that's an amazing chapter/essay in the entire book. ONE.  I laughed out loud four times.  FOUR times in 273 pages.  I expected to be dying of laughter.  This did not happen.<br /><br />And that is sad.<br /><br />Most of the book (is it a memoir, is it a comedy book, is it essays---this is an interesting question, one that the book could play with but does not and added to my frustration.  I don't see it as essays because I don't see a page and a half in a chapter as a stand alone essay.) feels tired, rehashed, unoriginal, and blah.  I feel like she's said it all before through the character of Liz Lemon.<br /><br />It is very focused but not cohesive, if that makes sense.  It made the reading very frustrating.<br /><br />Does she have funny tales, yes.<br /><br />Does she have stand up feeling bits, yes.  And that is where the book is at it's worst.<br /><br />And then there is the nit picky things that bother me.  The larger kind of font, combined with wide margins, and funky spacing, added I would say 50 pages to the book.  It's not 273 pages, it's more like 210ish.  I hate when books are padded in this way.  But that's me.<br /><br />It did not work for me.  It could have worked, but it would have to be a bit less dialed in.  A bit less of her traveling over paths others have traveled in similar manners and that she has traveled in similar ways.<br /><br />I'm not angry I read it.  I'm not saying that it was a waste of $13, I'm glad I read it, if for no other reason the \\"Sarah, Oprah, and Captain Hook\\" chapter/essay.  If the other pieces could have been more like that, I would be celebrating this book to you right now.
0307593525|5.0|Ever since I saw the movie Julie and Julia. I wanted to get this book collection. I was surprised to find out that my husband had bought them for me. He found the books for a fantastic price on Amazon. I have not cooked a lot of recipes yet, but the ones that I have prepared were outstanding. I work full time so, I have to make sure and plan ahead for the recipes. The best time for me is the weekend, because so many of the recipes are time consuming. I love to cook and the reward of seeing my family enjoy a meal I prepared is priceless.<br /><br />I hope everyone that purchases the book enjoys it as much as I have. I am starting to get a group of ladies together to prepare some of the recipes, so we can learn some new things and enjoy each others company. Bon App&eacute;tit<br /><br />Easy to follow instructions make it a snap to follow the recipe.
B004289ZW0|5.0|I have used the unit with both the iPad and the iPhone.  With the iPhone you can actually see your car symbol turn a corner.  As for the iPad I use it primarily with ForFlight in the plane.  The one thing I have found is that when it is subjected to the sunlight for an hour or longer it is very difficult to turn off.  So, I now place it in the cockpit where it is not in direct sunlight.    Turning it on/off I have found that if I hold it level in front of me and then swipe my finger it does as commanded.
B002IKLNW4|5.0|If you're from a small town, you'll find this book especially entertaining.  Bryson basically drives around the nation, making fun of each small town that he drives through as he searches for \\"the perfect American small town.\\"    This guy, Bryson, has the coolest job in the world.  He goes on little adventures, and writes about them.  Did I miss this booth at career day?
B004J1DBJI|4.0|The app is really good.  I would have given it more stars if it had not had so much trouble with the first thing I tried to solve.  It struggled with the Gibbs free energy equation solving for the change in free energy for a biochemical problem. Very good for calculus and random trivia though
0756404738|1.0|I am halfway done with this book and wanted to wait till I was completely done to give a review but found that I everything is so slow, so stale that I'm unsure if I can completely finish it. For one I feel like the writing is messy and has so far failed to entertain me in every way possible. I found that the main character irritated me which is surprising because the first book didn't do this. In fact the first book entertained me and this mess only bored me half to death. I couldn't stand the way it seemed to jump around every chapter without anything substantial getting accomplished.<br /><br />Most of the book seemed to focus solely on the school without really touching anything that is crucial of where the first book left off. However I am not completely ready to throw in the towel with this author yet. I realized that this is his second book and I hope that his third book will be much better than this mess.
