B00003CXP1|4.0|I really don't have a whole lot to be said that hasn't been previously stated but this is one powerful film.  The director used a lot of really cool visual tricks including probably the only good use of split screen i've ever seen.  And yes, Burstwyn is awesome and should have won an Oscar.  But everyone else acting in the film is also excellant.  Who would have thought that Marlon Wayans could actually act ? (Not me after watching Dungeons and Dragons)  Even the DVD menu screen is innovative.       At the very least, this film gives me high hopes for the upcoming Batman film.
B00003CXRP|4.0|The most simplistic elements of life are taken for granted everyday of our lives. We turn on the lights without a second thought; we light matches without a moment's hesitation. Water coming out of the faucet is a given, something we know we can always depend on to be there. &quot;Cast Away&quot; takes all of those securities and hides them away, leaving us with an incredible and harrowing story of survival and determination. <br />Taking its time in getting to what the movie is all about, the story first begins with the frenzied life of Fed-Ex systems engineer Chuck Noland (Tom Hanks), whose number-one rule of life is making sure that everything goes according to schedule. This leaves him little time for his understanding girlfriend, Kelly (Helen Hunt), whom he returns to see in Memphis for Christmas. Circumstances intervene, and he finds himself rearranging his schedule in order to make a trip across the Pacific for business. But not before exchanging gifts, one of which is an engagement ring, the other an &quot;I'll be right back.&quot;<br />After a near-10-minute plane crash sequence that raises the intensity, the true Zemeckis style kicks into gear, as Chuck is left in a rubber life raft in stormy seas, the only light source coming from sudden flashes of lightning. At daylight, he finds himself on an island, not another soul in sight and only the sound of crashing waves and wind in the trees for company. Instincts drive him to signal for help at first, and as the days move on, he silently realizes his situation. <br />The story becomes more intriguing with the transition of time during his stay on the island: he learns the secrets of creating life's little commodities. Resorting to stick-rubbing for the creation of fire and collection condensation from leaves for nourishment, the only visible objects that tie his present life to reality are a Fed-Ex box, his battered life-raft, and a volleyball with a blood-painted face whom he calls Wilson. But as Chuck becomes more attached to life on the island, he cannot shake his desire to once again return home to his love, whose picture he repeatedly paints on the wall. <br />Let's be honest: this is probably the best deserted island movie to date, possibly ever made. &quot;Swiss Family Robinson&quot; was less engrossing because there was a family on the island, not a single person. Being alone on the island allows the story to explore the inner human strength and spirit, as well as new methods of companionship. <br />Other techniques bring the movie to a full-force magnitude that keeps us engrossed with what goes on. During the entire island sequence, from the time he arrives to the time he is plucked from the sea, there is a complete absence of music. This leaving out of the musical score gives an added focus to his situation as well as reflecting on his solitude and loneliness. The nature surrounding Chuck is beautifully captured and photographed, and under Zemeckis's helm, the setting is ominous and brooding without becoming too overpowering. <br />Hanks gives, without a doubt, the best performance to date of his career, topping his work in &quot;Forrest Gump.&quot; His acting, along with the aforementioned techniques, puts us right there with him as he begins to learns the small things in life can be quite complicated. Even his silence is our key to understanding his realizations about the potential danger he faces, and his comprehension of what seems to him an inescapable situation. At the movie's end, I felt compelled to inquire why Russell Crowe received the Best Actor Oscar for his work in &quot;Gladiator,&quot; when the performance by Hanks is much more involving. <br />But, like any good movie, there are flaws. Luckily, this movie escaped fairly unscathed, until the ending, however. At movie's end, it loses the same luster it had before, and the return to reality and the emotional challenges he will face are less intriguing or involving as those presented in the midsection of the story. And the silence experienced for so long seems shaken in a bad way once everything begins to round itself out. <br />Nonetheless, &quot;Cast Away&quot; is a compelling tale spun from the director of &quot;Contact,&quot; who tells the story the way it needs to be told. Hanks brings his best screenwork to the movie, while the entire effect of the movie is one of sheer awe and enamoration. Did you ever wish you were on a deserted island with someone else? You may just think twice.
B000002KYR|4.0|Whereas I like the early sounds from these Texans, this is the record that put these dudes on the map.  The sound on Eliminator is not as raw and edgy as on previous releases.  However, sometimes you have to roll with the changes.  Anyway, the guys stretch their song-writing abilities just a little beyond the usual three chord rock fare.  The guitar style is a little deeper than usual too.  And the videos to the great smash hits Legs, Gimmee All Your Lovin', and Sharp Dressed Man are just legendary.  Probably the sleeper track on the record is I Need You Tonight.  The tone is just gorgeous and the guitar solo is plain magnificent.  Get DeGuello first and something from the early days but don't forget this collection.  Its still hot today!
B000059HCI|5.0|No, I couldn't think of another title for this review; Requiem.. is a picture of brillance. Darren Aranofsky shows us our fears by showing us our wonders. It is light; it is dark; it is balck and white and red and blue. What he does in this movie is impossible to comprehend. Art is never lifeless; it is just dead sometimes. The 4 people dwindling away by addiction is depressing and scary. They lead lives which are hectic, insane visions of monotnous routine; they are only 4, yet they die 1. I cannot go on. This movie is too much. It expresses too many emotions, too much art, too much truth for me. I only view it in dream.
B000000OXH|5.0|Maybe I have a bias against the eighties but I just can not seem to remember too many five star recordings from that period in rock music.  Too much synthesizer and pop drivel.  However, this second release is just plain stupendous.  Its symphonic and highly creative.  The lyrics are touching, the instrumentation is out of this world, the vocals oh so passionate and the album cover is just a thing of beauty.  There are good songs and there and great songs.  Not an ounce of filler in sight.  Its just a crying shame that this band would disappear from view shortly after this near masterpiece.  Don't Cry, The Smile Has Left Your Eyes, Open Your Eyes, Midnight Sun, The Heat Goes On,gosh what captivating music.  Just buy this one.  You won't be sorry.
B00000099Y|4.0|Tool is a phase I am going thru at the moment, just like I did with the Talking Heads, Miles Davis, Radiohead, Marvin Gaye, Nelly, and Led Zeppelin. These phases don't last forever but are implanted in the brain forever. When music sounds as fresh as the first time you hear it thats my tip that it is classic. This CD is a follow-up to another must own, Undertow. How many bands have ever matched or exceeded brillance? 4-stars only because nothing is ever perfect.
B000007S5B|3.0|The Doors were without a doubt one creative band. However, this collection is a hit and miss affair.  The radio friendly Hello I Love You and the mysterious Not To Touch The Earth are probably the most familiar tracks here and they surely do not disappoint.  I especially like Spanish Caravan with its flamenco guitar embellishments and the brief and enlightening Winter Time Love with some absolutely gorgeous piano embellishments.<br />My Wild Love is probably among the weakest tracks the Doors have recorded.  This monotnous chant just grates on my last nerves.  Yes The River Knows and We Could Be So Good Together are also of the run of the mill variety.  The remaining tracks are fairly good but just are not on the level of the material from the fabulous debut, LA Woman, or Strange Days.  ...  Otherwise its mostly for diehard fans.
0452282152|5.0|Tracy Chevailer's novel was truly the most captivating historical fiction novel that I have read yet.  I knew very little about Vermeer beofre reading this book, but while reading this tale I found myself researching Vermeer, his life and his works.  Chevailer's has admirably succeeded in representing history and adding an interesting and beautiful fictional plot.  The heroine is simply that.  Her sensible nature combined with natural, and believable, desires created a character who is sure to be admired by readers for a long time.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Many have complained that Metallica completely sold out with this album.  In my opinion, they were experimenting, and the results sound awesome.  Although some may think classical and metal may not work together, take one listen to this CD and you'll realize they do.  Enter Sandman has never sounded better, and the orchestra just enhances the song.  Other very good songs include For Whom The Bell Tolls, Call Of Ktulu, Battery, No Leaf Clover and One.  Metallica, like Dave Matthews Band, has an exceptional way of performing live and getting the crowd up on their feet.  If possible, which I believe it is, they sound better in concert than they do on their CDs.  And while this CD doesn't really capture the whole concert feel, it definately makes the songs sound like they have more energy and feeling.  Once again Hetfield's vocals are very good.  You also have to give credit to the conductor, Michael Kamen, for conducting this whole symphony through Metallica's tricky chord changes and complicated song structures.  Although I would have prefered a new studio album, this is an amazing and groundbreaking piece of work.  Definately buy this.
0780624890|5.0|Blade is one of the best action movies ever made. The direction and cinematography of the film make it a true gem. The acting is very good. Anyone who says different must have seen another film entirely and not the movie I saw. This movie was far better than expected. I thought this movie was going to be a fair film, but I was very wrong. I was a repeat movie-goer for this film, which rarely occurs. This is one of Wesley Snipes best films and he is a superb actor. My one wish is that the sequel maintains the quality set by this movie. This film is the template on how to bring a comic to the big screen.
1558908846|1.0|All I can say is this is a very bad movie. It has no plot, no action no humor. However, it has great acting. Just kidding, the acting blows. Stalone really should have re-thought this one. But hey, we all make mistakes. Fortunately, most of our mistakes aren't as bad as Judge Dredd. Don't even waste $.49 on this movie. Honestly, don't even tune into it when it's on cable. And if you do watch it, tie your hands behind your back because you might have the sudden urge to injure yourself for subjecting yourself to the torture of watching a movie that's this bad. I'm serious, it's a waste of your TV. O by the way, my 1 star rating was quite generous.
0525945636|3.0|I agree with some of the others.  This book is not one of Mr. Follet's strongest.  The idea is a good one, and the retro aspect of the 40' and 50's could be a good one, but Mr. Follett does not take the time to explore it properly.  The character development is a bit weak, and the plot is simplistic compared to earlier works by this author.  It is entertaining though in it's own way, and it doesn't take very long to read it.
078322804X|5.0|This is a great movie. It is funny and entertaining. It is one of those movies that never gets old. It's truly hilarious, and the cast is awesome. Many famous people make appearances, like Ray Charles and Aretha Franklin. So it's got a truly great cast even without the two main charactors, which are awesome actors themselves. The story is cool, and although it's a long movie, it never stops being hilarious. There is a very funny movie here, but if you're not into movies, just buy it for the music. The music is truly amazing, and the scenes with the music are very cool. Personaly, i think the music is worth buying the movie for. If you like music, you'll like the movie. If you like humor movies, you'll like this movie. There's something for everyone.
B00004YKUY|4.0|Journey's music has always inspired me throughout the years.  Steve's vocals are just beautiful, and the musicianship is just great.  I personally feel that this is their greatest album yet.  Many of the songs just feel empowering.  For instance, the first track is a great song to pop pills to.  I mean, you listen to this music and you feel you can take the world on.  After the divorce, this was the only thing that kept me going.  This cd comes highly recommended.  If you don't listen to it, then you won't ever be free.  Come, be free.
0451196716|5.0|The long walk is a prime example of why so many people read Stephen King. It is the everyday made macabre. Since I was 13yrs old, and picked up a copy of The Skeleton Crew I have been hooked.  It is fair to say that I love it all, but I am not so biased to say that all of his books have been masterpieces, because that would be untrue.  However, having said that, this story is, quite frankly, incredible.  The momentum throughout the story builds so unassumingly that you are halfway through and realize that you can feel the soles of your feet ache and the emotional panic that the main character slowly begins to feel. Only Stephen King could write page after page describing a walk and have you squirming in your own skin.
B00003CWTI|5.0|Magnolia is a wonderfully crafted and executed account of 9 people whose stories and troubles are all strangely connected with eachother's.  Writer/Director Paul Thomas Anderson takes you on an emotional roller coaster ride of love, hate, regret, and anger.  Featuring brilliant Oscar-worthy performances from the entire cast (especially Tom Cruise, Melora Walters, John C. Reilly, and Phillip Seymour Hoffan) and crew (especially P. T. Anderson), this is probably the most underated movie of all time.  Deeply moving, and highly entertaining, this film is nothing short of genius.  If you love movies with excellent ensemble casts, magnificant writing and directing, an incredible ammount of emotion, and don't mind sitting for 3 hours, this picture will blow you away.
B00003CWPR|5.0|Although the world lost a great director with the death of Stanley Kubrick, this film will be a wonderful and lasting testament to his mastery. In some ways it can seen to be his final reconciliation of the erotic that has been discussed in so many of his pictures.<br />Visually the film is stunning as it blends the primary colours in a startling mosaic creating the fanatsy and dreamworld it is meant to portray.<br />I didn't think anyone could tame Cruise's teeth and boyish smile that makes him insipid in most of his roles, but Kubrick brought out a performance that should have been a turning point in Cruise's career from boy-man to man. Kidman is astonishing in her portrayal of mother, wife, and lover. And the ending is one of the most honest ones you will ever see in films.<br />The movie is a complete circle that begins in the world, then takes us out of the veneer of our lives and brings us safely back.<br />The only problem with the film is not with the film at all but with the version released in the States. North Americans get a censored version of the mansion scene with digitized blocking of sexually explicit acts. Compared to a readily available and uncensored Caligula these would be tame, yet for some reason the real version of movie continues to be withheld from Region 1 viewers.<br />In spite of this the movie remains entertaining and provocative. It would be easy to read some spiteful and narrow views of Eyes Wide Shut and to not see the film. That indeed would be a shame.
B000002UC5|4.0|When McCartney appeared in May 1970 it was roundly savaged for not being Son Of Abbey Road. Two decades later we can accept it for what it is: a low-key, homemade album of considerable charm. Paul plays pretty much all the instruments, with the accent being on acoustic guitars, and there's a kind of folkish air about it that's immediately appealing. If I have a criticism, it's that there's not a lot of truly great *songs* here (exception: the five-star classic Maybe I'm Amazed). Then again, maybe that's not the point. Like Dylan's Nashville Skyline or The Kinks' Village Green, it's the *mood* of the album that casts a magic spell over you, rather than any individual track. Terribly underrated. Several of the songs -- Teddy Boy, Every Night, Junk -- began life as Beatles cast-offs, and one -- Hot As Sun -- dates back to the early days of the Lennon/McCartney songwriting team. Fittingly enough, Paul included a fair whack of this album in his 1991 Unplugged set.
B00003CXRP|4.0|This movie is to Tom Hanks what the Cable Guy was to Jim Carrey. In Cable Guy everyone expected another Ace Ventura and instead got a wonderful black comedy. Unfortunately in most people's minds Carrey wasn't supposed to do black comedy and this truly remarkable performance was ignored and the movie floundered. <br />In Cast Away Tom Hanks leaves his gosh-golly everyman and becomes an time obsessed FedEx manager named Chuck Noland. Through circumstances he becomes stranded on an island in the South Pacific. For almost an hour we share the island with Chuck and a ball named Wilson. While it might sound odd it is really very captivating and entertaining.<br />In a stock movie the Hanks character would have been found and lived happily ever after, however in Cast Away the ending is intelligent and much more interesting.<br />The DVD extras are on a separate disk and are complete from trailers through interviews to featurettes. The interview with Charlie Rose is curious but gives you an idea of the time and effort it takes for even Tom Hanks to develop a project and get it filmed. It is curious because throughout the interview Rose appears unprepared, careless, and inept which makes it almost painful yet peculiarly intriguing to watch.<br />People will say of Cast Away that it wasn't Hanks at his best or that the story was flawed. Personally, I think that Hanks was brilliant and the storyline was original and refreshing. To dismiss this film is to dismiss both a well crafted and entertaining movie and a superlative performace by Tom Hanks.
0679601686|5.0|Every once in a while, read something which you would normally not read.  Pick up something in a genre you rarely explore.  Sometimes, you will be absolutely delighted.<br />Recently, I did just that.  I picked up a copy of &quot;Pride and Prejudice&quot; -- and thoroughly enjoyed it!  (Far more than I thought that I would!)  Until this point, my only real exposure to Jane Austen was with the movie &quot;Sense and Sensibility&quot;.<br />While (as the reader could probably assume) this form of English literature does not represent a genre I typically frequent, I'm certainly not sorry I spent the time.  Austen's writing is laced with dry and subtle humor, applied with the spirit of a very generous nature.  She also had the gift of being able to very perceptively observe the people around her, and those with whom she came into contact.<br />I highly recommend this tale of young love and happy endings to any and all who need a break from the stress and fuss of the 21st century.
0945353731|5.0|If the people hiding in the Secret Annex were unable to go outside for the duration of their stay, how could Peter manage to get peonies for Anne on her 15th birthday?  (see page 270, 6/13/44 text)  The only thing I could think of was one of their external helpers smuggled them in for her smitten beau.  Any other guesses out there?
B00005J9U1|5.0|A great compilation of Bob Marley's greatest.A must have for Marley fans. Remasteration is great. Worth the money!!
B00004XQ83|5.0|Never was into this music until the Coen Brothers introduced me to it.  A great film, and a phenomenal CD.  There are songs here that are so pure and beautiful.  It gets better with each listening.  As if the CD isn't enough, I was fortunate to be among the sell out crowd at Carnegie Hall in NYC last night for a concert featuring the artists from the &quot;O Brother&quot; soundtrack.  Seeing these artists in person was great, and for me Alison Krauss singing &quot;Down to the River to Pray&quot; was the highlight.  The Whites, Emmylou Harris and Gillian Welsh were also fantastic, and Elvis Costello was the Master of Ceremonies.<br />If you love music, you owe it to yourself to get this CD.  It's a masterpiece!
0201634988|5.0|This is by far one of the finest and most useful books in my library. It is a rare occasion that I find a book which not only shows you how it should be done, but also recognizes some of the pitfalls that are possible even with very solid designs. A fantastic reference and tool. I highly recommend.
B00003CWTI|1.0|this movie was garbage.  it was boring, too long, unintelligent, pretentious, and had lots and lots of needless swearing and tantrums.  there was no subtlety, no real depth or intelligence to this film, and best of all there was a cast sing-along.  the plot - what plot?  oh yes it was a film about coincidence and redemption that takes place all in one day in the san fernando valley.  uh huh.  overall, it was a miserable moviegoing experience, which means it should find wide appeal with wannabes, film critics, sensitive people, whacked-out film students, psuedo-intellectuals, emotionally unstable people, and holdovers from last decade's coffeehouse scene.  in which case, enjoy, you have found your pied piping prophet
B00004X0Q0|5.0|Possibly the best rock release of 2000, At the Drive-In's &quot;Relationship of Command&quot; represents everything that remains pure in music: unchecked emotions, brilliant lyrics, and aggressive musicality. With Ross Robinson at the helm (better known for fostering Korn into fruitation, as with Glassjaw and several other nu-metal bands), At the Drive-In only became a tighter and more concise band, stronger than ever before.<br />The brilliance in this CD is not so much the music itself, but how the lyrics work with the music. While the vocals have sometimes been passed off as cacophonous screaming, it's lyrical brilliance. From 'Cosmonaut's' earth-shattering chorus &quot;Is it heavier than air/Tell us is the black box lying?&quot; to the insistant cries of 'Sleepwalk Capsule's' &quot;pacifier pacifies, yeah it pacifies&quot;, the music does more than just complement the lyrics. It amplifies them.<br />Tense and tight guitar playing keeps the record going, avoiding the typical cliches of today's rock and roll. Instead of playing pure power chords at break neck speeds, the guitar goes for complex voicings and ambient fills, best seen in 'Invalid Litter Dept.&quot; If anything, the playing reminds me of the Edge from U2: doing what is best for the SONG, not for the guitar player.<br />I have no complaints at all with this cd and, if you're willing to step into the future of rock and roll, I encourage one to purchase it.<br />If anything, Relationship of Command is a CD that should come out in 2004. It's simply too good for today.
B00003CXBK|5.0|This movie has to get through a lot of barriers to American audiences: it's animated, they think &quot;kid's stuff,&quot; and so they automatically think it's stupid and/or are dismayed by the violence (which really isn't all that bad, it's really glossed over, considering the warfare going on). And there's also the environmental message, which makes people roll their eyes. <br />But Princess Mononoke avoids all the traps and is just an artfully written, beautifully illustrated story with the background of myth and modern-day issues. The film avoids being preachy and just shows what happens when people try to conquer nature instead of being a part of it, as well as showing that the problems the hero faces aren't because of demented evil, but people (or gods or animal spirits, as the case may be) trying to get by and get ahead. <br />Other notes: there is great voice work in Princess Mononoke (some people complained; they must not watch anime dubs very much) especially by Minnie Driver as Lady Eboshi. The dialogue also lacks that bad-translation feel and is actually in synch with the character's mouth movements. (seriously, this is saying a lot). There is no reason why you shouldn't see this movie, unless you need shoot-em-up action, a sappy romance, or predictable comedy to enjoy a film.
B00000811N|4.0|Roger Waters is the vein of Pink Floyd.  Having written the majority of the songs for Pink Floyd it is only natural that he would go off on a side project and create an album that defies conventional music.  Isn't this what Pink Floyd was all about?  With help from Ron Geesin (Atom Heart Mother fame) Waters presents an album that had its origins from when the band wanted to create an album based on real life sounds and melodies (they decided against it and made what we know today as &quot;Animals&quot;).  Music from &quot;The Body&quot; is both ballad and science project.  Any true old school Floyd fan will find this album to be well worth their time and money.  Give it a listen or two and you will be hooked.  Leave it running in the background of your home or work and you will never feel alone~~Madcap Laughing
B00004Y6NP|5.0|I bought this CD because I loved the recording that I heard at the end of NBC's &quot;West Wing&quot; season finale.  It turned out Dire Straits performed it... So i bought the CD, the whole thing is great!!! I definitely would reccomend it~! Sarah
B00005B4GU|5.0|Radiohead has decided to take us hunting for bears in this new follow up album to Kid A.  Its obscurity is immediately seen on tracks like &quot;Pulk/pull revolving doors&quot; and &quot;Like spinning plates&quot; and gives us a glimpse of beautiful song structure on &quot;Pyramid Song&quot; and &quot;Knives Out&quot;.  Amnesiac is without a doubt a continuation from their Number 1 hit Kid A but delivers a bit more in terms of cohesion and emotion.  Radiohead are not trying to re-invent alternative music as some critics are saying.  They are instead developing their own sound and style that critics and fans are finding harder to describe and classify.  If you enjoyed the mood swings of Kid A you will love Amensiac.  If you felt Kid A was too experimental/difficult then dont bother with Amnesiac...then again &quot;I Might Be Wrong&quot;~~Jose Guerra
B00005BJ2O|1.0|I had the utter misfortune to, last night, be trapped in a restaurant which felt compelled to play this soundtrack not only once but twice. Almost all of these songs are just warmed over versions of songs which were novelties in their own era. Why in the world would anyone on earth need to hear a homunculus like Beck sing a David Bowie song? That's like Pee Wee Herman singing Sinatra. And the rest of these songs are mostly just irony laden disco songs which still pale next to the funky originals. Personally, I think Baz Luhrmann is a talentless idiot (since when has been setting La Boheme to a few songs twenty years old considered original?)--he's really only interesting on the most adolescent level--and after being forced to listen to this useless collection twice in a row, my opinion is not only reinforced but is now twice as strong. This CD is so useless; case closed.
0345350472|5.0|You know how it feels when you discover an author?  After you go through a string of bad books, and you think you'll never read anything good again, and boom! here's this writer that blows your socks off...  You know how you have a favorite book you wish you could read again for the first time?  The thrill of discovery when you think of all those other books out there by the same guy?<br />Ah.  It's a good feeling.<br />I got this feeling reading \\"Blade Runner.\\"<br />Phillip K. Dick blew my socks off.  \\"Blade Runner\\" was a cross between Raymond Chandler and William Gibson.  Imagine a gold-hearted PI-type character tackling the meaning of life in the low-down dregs of a futuristic society, and you've got Dick's \\"Blade Runner.\\"  He's got Chandler's characters, dialog, and pace/plot and Gibson's crazy, yet somehow right-on view of society embodied in an anarchic future.<br />Sure his plots wander.  Okay, there aren't too many car chases.  And, heck, if you want a tense gore-fest thriller, look around some more.  But this guy has soul, his book means something.<br />Funny.  Absurd.  Philosophical.  A bucket of water over your head on a hot day.  Your first cup of coffee in the morning.  It's that kind of book.<br />Read it.
B00005IC2H|5.0|Well... I don't have anything terribly (or musically) pompous to say about this music, but... it does move me... and it evokes an enthusiasm in me to wanna stay up all night and listen to it... if that's not a reason to but the thing... I don't know what is...  p.s. I'm very sleepy
B00005JH9W|5.0|we didn't lie to you folks. we told you we had living breathing monstrosities. you laughed at them, shuddered at them, and yet - but for the accident of birth...you might be as they are... their law is a code unto itself - offend one... and you offend them all...
B00000BKDV|5.0|This is a great cd, and is tied as my second favorite by Iron Maiden (tied with 7th Son).  I love all the songs, but my favorites are (in order of when they appear on the cd): Where Eagles Dare, The Flight Of Icarus, The Trooper, Die With Your Boots On, and Still Life.  Really, all the songs are great, but those are the best.
B000001IPL|5.0|Before they were sell outs, the Offspring released one of the best CD's I've ever owned. From the first official song Bad Habit, one heck of a song to listen to in your car, to Smash, their is'nt any skipping to the next song. You will find anthems like Keep em' Seperated, Come out and Play, and of course, in my opinion Offsprings best song Self-Esteem. If you dont have this CD you really do need it, even if you dont like some of Offsprings new junk. You wont find better punk, and you will be able to relate to the great lyrics.
B000006JQ5|4.0|Sure, it is just a &quot;Best Of&quot; album, but I enjoy it.  There are some real good songs on this album; Can I Play With Madness, Fear Of The Dark, Running Free, Wasted Years, etc.  It's like listening to 10 Maiden cd's on shuffle.  If you don't own many Maiden cd's, I suggest you get this or a live album.
B000002MP2|5.0|Longview was the first alt. rock song I really ever remeber hearing. I was in 4th grade, and since then it has become the origin of my \\"music loving\\". From start to finish their is not one bad song. With 5 songs played on the radio to this day on it, and many more which are just unbelivable, this CD is by far one of the best CD's i own. Some of my favorites, Longview, Basket Case, Welcome to paradise, Having a blast, F.O.D., When I come around, She, their all my favorite songs. You CANNOT be a punk fan if you do not like this CD.
B00005B4GU|2.0|i've heard alot of highly positive opinions of this album, and like kidA, contrasting bad reviews.  i was dissapointed with kidA cause it wasn't the radiohead we all knew and 'loved?', but due to its beautiful soundscape tunes and a few good songs, i grew to like it but couldn't understand how people said it was as brilliant as it was, the best of 2000, even.     when Amnesiac was due for release i got the impression it was going to be different from the style of kidA, probably more 'old school' radiohead.   my friend bought it and before playing it said \\"this is one of the best albums if heard, it makes me tingle\\"  ,  i then listened and apart from about 5 good tracks (including, knives out, pyramid song and '...in a glass house' the rest was below par stuff not even wothy of b-sides.<br />  if this was a debut by some obscure band, or a band not as famous as radiohead , i feel everyone would be writing this off, (or at least not praising it as much).   i can't see me listening too it much more than i already have.  in truth i only bought it to keep my radiohead collection in tact.<br />my advice is try to borrow it first, and maybe copy it to save money (not gonna help sales, sorry amazon).
6304007523|1.0|I dislike all of the Rocky Movies. I'm sorry, but they are all mindless, and Sylvester Stalone is annoying, and can't act. One star is giving this movie way too much credit.
B00005B4GU|5.0|Packt Like.. is very listenable, Kid A'ish, &amp; I like what Thom does to his voice (at first I thought it must be Ed because it doesn't sound like Thom, and who else could it be, but after a few listens, his phrasing is identifiable)- I also love the lyric &quot;I'm a reasonable man, get off my case&quot; because I don't know if that's really how he sees himself, even though he states it as if he's convinced he does.  The tone of Pyramid Song reminds me of my favorite Bends song -  Nice Dream(I think it's the &quot;black eyed angel&quot; line &amp; the &quot;ooh's&quot; and that it sounds like he's describing a dream), but also has an OK feel to it because it's darker, with slow drumming.  Pulk/Pull is incredible.  The hypnotic rhythym is what I love, along with the lyrics and the vocals.  It sounds like a little boy giving a book report - I love the line &quot;there are doors...that you can't come back from&quot; - like he's reporting something he's pretty sure we know about already and he's embarassed that it's a revelation to him.  I get a kick out of You and Whose Army - the lyrics are so typically male, but I'm hearing them delivered with a sarcastic admonition (I might be wrong - they are just a bunch of guys, after all).  It really kicks in half way through when Thom starts wailing &quot;You and (you are? you asked?)&quot; and becomes a straight forward rock song.  I love the economy of this song - great, simple lyrics, fabulous hook, beginning, middle, end.  Perfectly constructed.  I Might Be Wrong speaks for itself and should be the Creep of 2001 - it is highly listenable and should appeal to anyone who hears it. I like it when they slam on the brakes toward the end of the song, though, to remind us that they aren't doing that kind of thing anymore, which, of course, they are because, here it is.  I like Knives Out a lot, and the latin beat on this and other songs on this side remind me so much of Pablo Honey's Blow Out, and the deliberate pace also reminds me of Lurgee from Pablo Honey.  It's guitar work and Thom's singing are reminiscent of the Bends, but it's darker.  The line &quot;not coming back&quot; is a simple, efficient hook - these guys really, really know what they're doing.  They have become so good at putting a song together in the most economic, but effective way.  People keep talking about them evolving, but I believe that what they are really doing is becoming experts at their jobs.  We all evolve, we just don't all have the ambition to incorporate it into our daily work the way that they have been doing.  I like the Amnesiac version of Morning Bell a lot, but it's not as different as I expected it to be after reading an interview in which Thom was reported to have said that it's included because it's essentially a different song.  I think Dollars &amp; Cents, another song with a latin beat harkening back to Pablo Honey, is one of the best songs on the album because of the way it builds in intensity.  I just love it when you know Thom's going to end up wailing at the end of a song.  The guitars are very Bends like, and the drums are stupendous.  The progression and length of the song are reminiscent of OK Computer.  I also think this song is interesting because of the reference to something so American which is also something Thom seems to be very involved with (the world economy).  I remember him saying that he thought America was &quot;silly&quot; during the Creep days.  I get the feeling, with his interest in the world economy, that he has decided that we are also a very productive and powerful country.  Hunting Bears is a guitar piece that sounds Japanese influenced, which would be another interesting nod to a culture they've been introduced to through their work, if that's what it is.  I like the raw sound of the guitar.  Like Spinning Plates is another of the best songs on the album - the backward sounding electronic hook and the lyrical hook &quot;And this just feels like...spinning plates&quot; are perfect.  I'm interested in seeing what the distorted lyrics are all about, and I'm guessing I'll see them on one of the fan web sites soon?  It's like they've supplied a little puzzle to work on in your spare time. Every time I hear the beginning of Living in a Glass House, I do not like it.  But it is compelling, especially since it sounds so paranoid and bitter, and I love it when an artist isn't afraid to sound very human and frail.  The perfect end to a(nother) perfect Radiohead album.
B00003CXSP|5.0|A great movie, a definite Must Have for everyone's DVD collection.  Do not believe the idiots who gave this movie one star!
B00000IAU3|5.0|as you might find listening to dido's &quot;no angle&quot; for the first time, her voice will remind you of a combination of sarah mclachlan, sinead o'connor, and beth orton... yet there is something more beyond all the similarities. dido has soul; her songs are filled with emotion and beauty. i've own this cd since it's debute in '99 and everytime i listen to it, it's as if i'm hearing it for the first time. i definitely recommand this cd to everyone out there, regardless of your musical taste!
B00003CXSP|5.0|A great movie, a definite Must Have for everyone's DVD collection.  Do not believe the idiots who gave this movie one star!
B00005LB9O|2.0|From the minute you hear Sing you know Travis haven't changed a bit. They're perfectly happy to remain the least risk-taking band in the world. I mean Sing is a very nice happy anthem to sing-a-long to but its not exactly the classic of the century. And I wasn't really expecting heavy rock out of The Invisible Band, but they could have done a bit better than this. They now really don't at all deserve the title 'Indie Rock' or 'Alt Rock'. I see the indie, I just about see the alt, but where's the rock guys?<br />It not like The Invisible Band ever claims to be rocky, but with songs like Dear Diary and Safe (which is exactly what the title suggests) appall me. At least a few of the tracks are beautiful, unlike the re-hashed acoustic indie of The Man Who which abides on most of the rest, boring incredible by the end.<br />This is wonderful as a lullaby album, but unfortunately not all of my life involves wanting to be sent to sleep.
6305949980|4.0|Don't get me wrong, NMBC is one of the greatest films of all time.  It is beautifully shot, wonderfully dark, and Danny Elfman's beautiful singing voice makes Jack come alive.  My one complaint is with the DVD transfer.  While they have included great extras like &quot;vincent,&quot; and the picture quality is wonderful, there is a sound defect.  The Mayor's line, &quot;Wait, we haven't given out the prizes yet,&quot; is MISSING.  Wonderful film, Tim Burton is a genious, but the transfer leaves something to be desired.
B00005B4GU|4.0|Kid A, whilst being very exciting, wonderful and experimental, was not really a feat that wanted repeating. And on Amnesiac, contrary to many reviews, it isn't. Whilst neither move into Radiohead's old rock style, that doesn't make both in the same style. While Kid A was essentially an electronica album with other influences, Amnesiac is much more indie. Guitars are more present, and whilst not rocking any more, Amnesiac is not a Kid B. <br />On the album we see do see influences of Kid A electronica (Pull/Pulk, Like Spinning Plates, Morning Bell/Amnesiac) but equally there are those acoustic tracks reminiscent of one of the softer tracks on The Bends or OK Computer (I Might Be Wrong, Pyramid Song, You And Whose Army), Jazz (Packd Like Sardines, Life In A Glasshouse)  and we even see the influence of soft rock with the weeping but fairly fast-tempo Knives Out featuring a beautiful guitar line by Jonny Greenwood. I would have preffered a couple more of these, but this is what you get.<br />Again Radiohead have defied expectations with this album. What remains the interesting question is where they will go from here.
B00004Z4WR|1.0|This is truly dismal film-making.  You rent this video (yes, you rent it, do NOT buy it - why on earth would you do such a thing?  No, rent it, and live to regret the experience, but do not squander your, and the world's, resources on something destined to be land-fill) as I was saying, you RENT this video in the hope of seeing heart-stopping Angelina Jolie and car chases (or vice versa with the adjective).  But this director has no idea how to express love for cars, no idea how to film a car chase, is bereft of taste when it comes to compiling a soundtrack, and shows next to no interest in Angelina.   The cars are, literally, all gone in sixty seconds.  This film should be the ideal vehicle for iconography and obsession, instead it's a demonstration of ham-fisted editing and incompetent characterisation.  Everyone in the film is meant to love cars, yet the film is devoid of passion.  No passion, in any sense of the term. And yes, the script is terrible, the dialogue clumsy, the plot hackneyed, the characters cardboard, and yes, you might be able to overlook all this if the cars were the stars (plus Angelina (and why doesn't she have some attractive friends, too, for that matter?)).   BUY Badlands or Bullitt and leave this stinker for the bargain bins of months to come.
B00005LB9O|4.0|&quot;The Invisible Band&quot; finds Travis moving towards less melancholy music and lyrics than were found on &quot;The Man Who&quot;. Still, the one thing I like about Travis is they are able to capture the bittersweetness of life in just a few words. Not unlike The Beatles. I particularly liked &quot;Sing&quot;, &quot;Side&quot; and &quot;Flowers In The Window&quot; for their philosophical and cautious overtones. Fran Healy seems to have a decent amount of insight and the perspective of a cautious optimist. When this is compared to what MTV and the radio typically throw at me, it stands out in a very good way. The only drawback to Travis, and this is minor, is that they don't vary their sound much throughout the disc. The same was true on &quot;The Man Who&quot;. This is where they are not like The Beatles...yet. I mean early Beatles was repetitive, so Travis has time to grow into it. If you are looking for something thoughtful and catchy you could do much worse than buying this Travis cd.
B000059XYL|4.0|Jerry Bruckheimer is a wonderful director.  He continues to  display his talents in this entertaining film with a good cast.<br />The plot is fairly simple, but it works for this movie.  A young songwriter from New Jersey, who has a severe case of stagefright, moves to New York to hopefully &quot;make it.&quot;  Stuggling financially, she takes a job as a bartender/waitress at a wild bar named &quot;Coyote Ugly.&quot;  Here, the &quot;eye-candy&quot; female bartenders partake in wild stage acts to enhance the bar's nightlife image.  While working at this bar ann befriending several other workers, the young songwriter, Violet, hopes to break into the entertainment industry.<br />Rising star, Piper Perabo, plays the perfect Violet, and John Goodman is an excellent compliment to her as her father.  Besides, Goodman practically steals the whole movie in the very last scene, but you'll have to buy the film to see what I mean.  Maria Bello, who plays the owner of the bar, also adds in a steller performance, not to forget, Adam Garcia, who plays Violet's love interest quite nicely, although his character develops late in the film.  Add in supermodel, Tyra Banks, in a cameo role, and the movie just grows on you.  <br />On the whole, this was a pretty good movie.  It was fairly fast-paced, and the storyline, although simplistic, was well-defined.  The actresses were very pleasing to the eye, and they all acted well together, providing an overall nice cohesive film.  It is a good, solid effort.
B00003CWTI|5.0|This review is dedicated to all those people who've given this film just the solitary one star (presumably begrudgingly at that), with their whining and moaning about its confusing plotlines and the fact that it's 'too long' (!) Well, America is reputed to be the land of short attention spans...<br />Us five-starries love it! I'm bemused by the fact that people who dislike this film had to wait 3 hours and fifteen minutes to find that out :-)
0452282152|4.0|There are two paintings on the cover of this book. One of a city (Delft) and one of the girl with the pearl earring. I don't know why, but I've always liked the latter. Very little action-wise is going on in the painting, yet it still catches your eye and holds your attention. So it came to be a big surprise that Tracy Chevalier was able to create a more or less interesting story on such a simple painting. The book IS rather slow, but I don't think anyone could have done much better. The characters are likeable and realistic. The author also does a good job of setting the scene in which this story takes place. You will learn many things about painting that you never thought of before. There are many parallels in this book--events or objects early on are reintroduced at later times. I appreciated Vermeer's painting a lot before reading this--now I appreciate it even more. After reading this book, you will be changed: you will see the blues and reds in every cloud, you will see the story in every painting. . . .
B00003CX5P|1.0|I finally broke down and watched this movie. About 10% of the way into it I re-affirmed my original wisdom. It was as anothe reviewer said &quot;tedious and boring&quot;, that was at it's best. As far as I am concerned this movie ruined the spirit of the original trilogy for me, and destroyed the Star Wars mystique in my mind.  When you compare Liam Neeson's role in &quot;Rob Roy&quot; to this disaster, you can see it Liams eyes, he appeared almost embarassed to be there. I was at first miffed that this was not released on DVD. After seeing it on VHS ( it was hideous ) I say to Lucas: &quot;don't bother&quot;. This is the space version of &quot;Dude, Where's My Car?&quot; I usually at least finish a movie when I see it, but this was an exception, I was bored silly about midway. The onoy other movie I stopped in the middle was &quot;BattleField Earth.&quot; Yes folks, PM is THAT bad.
B00000ILGL|5.0|From here to Eternity(all tracks) is &quot;La creme de la creme&quot; of the early techno disco sound created by no other than Giorgio Moroder.Infectious sounds and crystal danceable rhythms.It's Moroder's disco era masterpiece,with the exception of Midnight Express soundtrack.I highly recommend this sensational album to those who really love electronic/techno music.It's an hypnotic musical experience.
0385501560|5.0|Chuck, no matter what ya think of him, ya gotta give him this -- he takes chances, he goes balls-out, he doesn't care for what others (pretentious types) deem as &quot;literary&quot; or &quot;correct.&quot;  In short, he writes what he feels, he writes what excites.  He hits the jugular with a verbal juggling act that is often breath-taking and riotously funny.  He's an original.  Probably the most original voice since Hubert Selby Jr.  and before him, probably Salinger's &quot;Catcher in the Rye.&quot;  Forget the comparisions of Chuck to Vonnegut or Burroughs, two vastly over-hyped writers.  <br />Sure, if you took Chuck apart, you wouldn't find him to be THAT original.  Painting with short, terse paragraphs?  Selby did that.  Minimalistic descriptions?  Hemingway had it.  Sharp use of vernacular?  Salinger got that down.  Combining story-telling with reams of bizarre information?  A slew of young pen-pushers have done the same.  Wild plot twists and revelations?  Who hasn't done that?  <br />But merge all these elements with blistering social satire and you've got something the prosaic literary &quot;establishment&quot; has needed for a long time -- a friggin' SHOT IN THE ARM!  <br />I'll admit that sometimes his style can get a bit bogged down in the &quot;information&quot; dept.  Hey, I wanta know about some weird medical procedure as much as the next guy, (as well as unique sexual positions...heehee), but sometimes he rides out a &quot;documenting&quot; joke beyond the point of being funny or revealing.  I think there's a difference between being &quot;over-the-top&quot; and being ponderous.  <br />But still -- Chuck is a writer everyone should rejoice in.  For sure!  Somebody who proves that you can develop your own VOICE, your own THOUGHTS, and be as UNINHIBITED as you want and still sell books.  Forget about &quot;rules&quot; and &quot;how-to&quot; guides and what NY publishers may want or not want or what's trendy or not, Chuck blasts apart all the mainstream BS and shows us there's nothing wrong with writing in a way that comes naturally and is FUN.  Yes, it is possible to be incisive and exciting at once.<br />So listen up!  Forget your middle-aged to very old female audience that some say comprise 85% of all readers.  Chuck proves you can write for the young and for guys and still win the publishing game.  Next time, anybody says your writing isn't &quot;commericial&quot; or &quot;viable&quot; or &quot;mainstream,&quot; well, just give `em a Palahniuk book and tell `em he just got a six figure advance for his latest work, &quot;Lullabye.&quot;  Then watch them eat their friggin' hearts out!<br />DARE TO BE DIFFERENT!  :)
6302424887|4.0|I've seen many interpretations of many of the bard's works, but this one is the truest that I have seen to the Bard's bloodiest of plays.  Polanski quite obviously went into the production of this film with a good knowledge of the play.  The foot imagery is well done, as are the images of the snakes in the bedroom where Duncan is killed, and the image of the fallen crown.  Only two items do I contend: Macbeth is not &quot;Bellona's bridegroom&quot; as Ross reported.  Macduff is the one on whom Shakespeare gives that title, all though that is an item that is hotly contested.    Secondly, I believe that in order to show that the &quot;air drawn dagger&quot; is indeed &quot;a dagger of the mind, a vision proceeding from the heat opressed brain,&quot; the audience shouldn't be able to see it, though that is difficult to film that way.  Other than those, the work is well done, especially the coven scene.  I enjoyed it immensely, and hope to see it redone for DVD soon.
1878424319|5.0|At one level this is a short simple book. The four agreements are: 1. Be impeccable with your word; 2. Don't take anything personally; 3. Don't make assumptions; and 4. Always do your best. Simple! The commentary Don Ruiz has is also simple. Yet, the implementation of these agreements is difficult and that is the secret of it. This is a powerful little book. Ruiz is not dogmatic but spirit filled.
6300268985|2.0|Watch out for Oliver Reed, Georgina Hale, etc - yes, Russell alumni and up and coming Russellites are in this one!   You can't quite review this one accruately based on what has been cropped out of the picture, like reviewing Mona Lisa's nose, lefteyebrow and ear ....tough!   This I believe was the first dolby processed video - hence the 2 stars, the sound ain't too bad!<br />Now,  if you can deal with synthetic rectums expelling questionable vapors, stylistic phalli as part of the Russian court decor, and yes folks, we do have that rather gigantic male member sequence ......... I believe that Roger Daltrey bequeathed this prop to his grandma after the shoot.    It's a fun house devised by Russell, premise?   Franz Liszt was the first POP Star!   Ex Playboy bunny Fiona Lewis is spectacular as Mrs Liszt the first.     Sarah Kestelman fresh off &quot;Zardoz&quot; as the Russian dominatrix, also have Ringo Starr, etc. etc.     It's not date movie, so keep the kids away from this one  [err pre-teenies!] this one grabbed an initial &quot;x&quot; rating - later dropped [explains itself].<br />Just a pity about this unletterboxed version - it must be restored and issued on DVD.     [Odd sidenote &quot;Mahler&quot; is available on DVD, but also cropped!]    What's this?   Is this Ken Russell bashing?     Just think of what old Ken might have done for Madonna if he directed &quot;Evita&quot;!
B000002J1B|1.0|Ok, after reading this onslaught of glorious reviews I cannot remain silent.  I have been a GIANT Yes fan since for nearly 30 years.  I have taken the brilliant with the not so brilliant and I have taken them happily.  But I will not take Relayer.  It is utter bile.  The most nonsensical, masturbatory, overblown recording they ever made.  I do not make such criticism lightly.  I have, on many occaisions, attempted to re-evaluate the album. I even bought the remaster.  Here's what happens... I press play and after 2 minutes I am laughing so hard I have to stop the disc. Try another track, laughter turns into complete disbelief.  This record defies categorization.  I would honestly rather listen to Union on repeat mode for a week than having to sit through Relayer once.  Really.
B00005A1PR|5.0|Based on my music collection, Amazon recommended this CD.  I had never heard of India or her music...so I sampled some of the songs.  The samples where so good...I purchased the CD.  I am so pleased with the purchase.  Her songs are touching and really hit the soul.  I love this CD...definitely on my play list!!!<br />I have heard others compare her to Jill Scott, Micelle N'Degocheelo and Rachelle Farrel...she is definitely as good if not better.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|I thought the album was wonderful.  It just has a lot of diversity in the tracks. I especially like the fact that some of the songs are ones that you wouldn't normally hear.  I definately recommend this to everyone!
0380730367|5.0|Lehane's books are 10's, first of all!  All of them!  Patrick, Angie and Bubba get my vote for the best detectives of the decade.  A strange mix of hardboiled idealism in these books.  This time, Patrick tries to discover why a young woman committed suicide and he simply cannot let it go.  The guy's like a pitbull.  There are about ten different times when you (with Patrick) think you know what happened - only to have another layer peeled off and the story takes off in a new direction.  One of the reasons this series plays so well is because you really believe these characters pay a price for what they do.  Patrick is dark (like Batman or The Crow in different genres)and he plays wonderfully against Bubba, a straight-forward, explosions-loving, &quot;no hidden meanings&quot;, urban-warrior, social worker's nightmare who lightens things up, both figuratively and literally. Angie's a little nebulous, but most readers won't know or care.  I think Angie's only there to give substance to Patrick's fantasy about her.  Well, read the book, you won't regret it.
B00003CXRM|4.0|I rented this movie because I had seen an interesting preview on another DVD.  I didn't expect it to be as good as it was!  I love subtle humor but this is the best.  I found myself laughing unexpectedly throughout the movie.  When I watched selected scenes again, I laughed even harder!  The facial expressions, dancing and spellings are priceless.  I'm going to watch it again with my 15 year old sone.  Definately a sleeper and definately a MUST BUY for your collection!
0345441184|5.0|read it??!!  Mists of Avalon was a gripping retelling of the Arthurian legend from a female point of view.  MZB created characters who, though flawed, were heroic and gripping.  And when I finished the last page it was hard to let them go.
B000002MY3|4.0|At first listen, I hated this CD. I was annoyed by the wierd little fem-yip Alanis tended to insert at the end of words/lines over-and-over-and-over to distraction. I did a listen through and shoved the CD into the discard pile. This week I grabbed a few newish CD's to take back to work and gave it another try. Now I'm playing it over-and-over-and-over. It's growing on me. I actually like all tracks now..whata' change! You'll recognize 'You Oughta Know', 'Hand in my Pocket' and 'Ironic', but all tracks are catchy and quite quite compelling. Please note that there are two extra tracks. Track 13: another version of 'You Oughta Know'....and wait roughly 60 seconds and the 14th track will play. Don't know the name of this one as I'm not an avid Morissette fan, but it's there. A quiet little number &lt;G&gt;. Anyway, now this CD is in rotation with Cheryl Crow, Sarah McLachlan, Billy Idol, and Fiona Apple (my current favs).
B00003CXDV|5.0|This is one of those &quot; I can really get into this movie&quot; flicks.  Anyone who grew up with Star Trek can really get themselves into this movie's plot.  Tim Allen Dick is totally awsome as the &quot;Captain Kirk&quot; character. And TSGT CHEN kicks butt. Buy the DVD and see the extra material.  Awsome !!
B00005A1PR|4.0|India is giving us something we can feel. The hit single &quot;Video&quot; was not really representative for the versatile style this album has to offer. India.Arie is right inline with NeoSoul artists like D'Angelo, Jill Scott, or Erykah Badu. Definitely a fresh breeze in the jungle of hear-it-once-and-forget-it RnB.
0790731452|1.0|I went to this with my wife, and as we left I told her, &quot; I'm sorry. I owe you THREE Chick flicks.&quot;  It was that bad. I have to list this as ( Honestly ! ) the worst movie I've ever seen. I loved the farts in &quot;Blazing Saddles&quot;, but this movie really, really is BAD. - Chuck
B0000541AM|4.0|I just watched this today and I must say I liked it!  This is a kinda cheesy &quot;B&quot; movie that really works well just because of how interesting it is.  The acting isn't much, although it is more than I expected.  The fight scenes were pretty good and entertaining.  All in all, I'd say if you're a fan of cult classics like Clockwork Orange, Romper Stomper, or Suburbia  (the punk version from the early 80s) I think you're really gonna like this movie.  Violence, but not gore. Brawls, but not guns.  Gangs, but no rap music! **lol**  This is a classic example of a Cult Classic. Not everyone will enjoy it, but those that do will end up loving it.
B000002J1F|5.0|Crisp, clean, funky, progressive, and just plain good, the music on Fragile is varied and creative. This album is Yes at its innovative peak, where we see the diverse music potential of the band before it wandered towards its often notorious self-indulgent prog-rock future. The album features nine total tracks, five of which are &quot;solo&quot; pieces, each one showcasing a different band member.<br />These songs are excellent and in some spots feature heavy drums and bass that seem to counterpoint Jon's high-pitch lyrical style. Despite having very complicated structures, each song captures the listener and transitions smoothly through each different theme.  The band is incredibly tight here, the musicianship is extraordinary and complicated.<br />The best tracks are the four non-&quot;solo&quot; pieces: Roundabout, South Side, Long Distance Runaround/The Fish, and especially Heart of the Sunrise, which is a look at Yes albums to come.<br />What makes this album especially good is that everything is &quot;just right.&quot; Jon's style is not overly excessive here, and the songs have a more down to earth feel that is seriously lacking on their following albums. Also we sense that the band is content to simply jam and noodle, which they excel at. In short, this album is excellent, and is often a gateway album for new listeners of Yes to get accustomed to their unique style.
6302732875|5.0|This movie is by far the greatest movie about sales that the silver screen has ever produced. An updated version of &quot;Death of Salesman,&quot; Glengarry Glen Ross brings us face to face with the fear and desparation associated with sales and sports the finest collection of actors ever assembled in one movie.<br />Alec Baldwin's performance has become legendary and although Al Pacino and Jack Lemon get top billing,  the talents of Ed Harris, Kevin Spacey and Alan Arkin create characters that leap off the screen.
B000007MVD|3.0|.... Unpolished, kind of like a good garage band.  The guys in the studio hadn't put the make up on the sound.  That's not to say it isn't good for other reasons.  From an historical perspective it is a must have for a serious Beatles collector.  <br />....<br />Well, the Beatles really did grow up and did some fantastic music. But these early recordings are a bit of a disappointment to me.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|I have all of maidens' work and they are all brilliant and this album is no exeption. These guys really do know how to make exellent records it is like they have a gift like other bands i'm also into but that is not the point, the point is that if you don't have this record and your a fan of maiden then get it and you will not be dissapointed.
B00003CX7L|5.0|Wow.  That is the only word that comes to mind after watching this movie masterpiece.  There is a unfortunate trend in hollywood that sequels are worse then the orgianal.  Toy Sory 2 proves that that is not always true.  It also joins the ranks of sequels that are actually better then the origianal movie.  This is the absoloute best movie sequel I have ever seen in my life.  In fact its even better then the great origianal.  Everything in this movie is fantastic,fantastic story that is more in-depth then the origianal, funny memorable charachters, absouloutly breathtaking animation, fantastic music, no shortage of humor and comedy, and better yet more action then the origianal.  The story to Toy Story 2 is great and more in-depth then the origianal, exploring the question &quot;what is the meaning of life?&quot; beyond that Woody has been kidnapped by a big fat man who steals kids toys and is a filthy dealer.  Buzz and the rest of the fantastic charachters must rescue him while woody tries to figure out a dilema. Should he go back to Andy, even though he will get thrown away eventually? or will he go to a toy museum in Japan and be loved by children from behind glass for many years to come?  The cast of Toy story 2 is the exact same from the origianal, with a few new faces (Wheezy the penguin, Jessie the Cowgirl, Bullsye the horse, Stinky Pete the Prospector and the awsome and cool Evil Emporor Zurg).  The animation for this movie is the most breathtaking you will ever see in a animated movie, every leaf, every crack in the road, every nail, every pebble of dirt is animated in superb style and grace.  The music remains pretty much the same tune from the origianal, with a few new themes and a neat woodys roundup song.  One thing the origianal Toy Story was famous for was its great sense of humor.  Many a person would laugh at Buzz's &quot;You are a sad strange little man and you have my pity&quot;  The sequel has no shortage of that ether.  There are almost infinateparodys and jokes at big movies (Star Wars and a really funny Jurrasic park one to name a few)  The first one was also chock full of inside jokes.  Again this one has no shortage of that either.  A Bugs life products are plentifully hidden in the movies, a vehicle from the origianal is on a road shot, the disney Pixar logo on Buzz's bottom in a very short shot, lots of funny shots when Ham is zooming through the TV channels, are all just a few of the funny shots in this movie.  There is no shortage of Action in this, especially the Elevator battle sequence.  This is truly a film for the ages.  <br />The Good: Everything!<br />The Bad: Jessie can get very annoying<br />And the Ugly: None!
B00005A1PR|4.0|Listening to this album first brought back memories of &quot;Black Diamond &quot; by Angie Stone.  I loved that album and this one also now holds a place there too.  Though not earth shattering, India's voice style and music cannot  be denied or ignored.  She has listened to all the great singers and she pays tribute to the master of them all, Stevie Wonder.  For that alone she should get five stars.  But some songs felt too familiar as if I had heard them already, so she gets a 4.<br />Outstanding tracks include Video, Promises, Strength Courage and Wisdom, Ready for Love , Beautiful and her Dedication to Stevie.<br />Great album.  My Jill Scott CD actually got to rest for a few days.
B000002UVZ|3.0|I really liked this album the first few times I heard it, but it does not reward repeated listening. After I had had it for a few months, I had pretty much heard it. It still doesn't seem bad, but it doesn't end up in my player very often. I suppose this style of music is not for me.
B00003CXP1|4.0|The movie is a great film. It is well disected brillianlty composed and it is alltogether a great piece of movie. However it was definatly an example of a director trying really really hard to be noticed, and the movie goes a bit too far in trying to be brilliant rather than just entartaining.<br />Also it was one of the biggest downers I have rescebtly seen. <br />Bottom line... Great movie, but I didn't like it.
0679731725|5.0|Ishiguro masterfully challenges the reader to ponder what it means to be &quot;English&quot;.<br />The quintessential English qualities - blind loyalty and emotional restraint - are what Stevens strives for in the novel ... and also what prevents him from &quot;doing the right thing&quot; for his country and for himself.  He becomes an indirect accomplice in Darlington's brief flirtation with Nazism, and he fails to receive Miss Kenton's affection with open arms.<br />I wonder what the typical reaction of English readers might be ...
B000002UAU|5.0|Right on Mr. Ford.  This album, even if you hate it is worth the respect of serious music lovers, yes even classical music lovers. I do not own a Bob Dylan album, but I respect his talent and his influence on pop music and society.  Think he influenced the Beatles at all?!?!?  Sgt. Pepper is not my favorite Beatle album, but it is a classic and a must have for any one considering listening to the Beatles catalog.  Because it is so far removed from MTV, it seems trite or maybe out-dated, but believe me, in 1967 it was a master piece of gigantic proportions, and is still five star listening material.  It changed the way everyone made or listened to music. Yes, there is a reason why the Beatles are still popular, but do not hate them for it.  Listen to their genius.  Sgt. Pepper is good listening because it is well produced, well written and performed, and yes...it takes you back a little if you are old enough to have been there in 1967!
B00005B1W5|4.0|I had this concert on VHS and was looking forward to the DVD version. The concert itself is great.  The settings in China and India are wonderful and the tracks are magnificent.  Yanni has brought together a very talented group of musicians and his creative writing is at it's best.  Unfortunately I was very disappointed in the production quality.  You'll have to turn down your sub-woofer on this one as the base is way over cooked. There is also a spot that actually freezes for a second on one track.  Overall the content is great.  Hopefully next time Yanni will take advantage of the latest technology. But then &quot;Hell Freezes Over&quot; by the Eagles sets a very high standard.
0441172717|2.0|This is a passable, but flawed work. My apologies to the devout, but poor pacing is an appropriate criticism to any work. You cannot claim the title of &quot;masterpiece&quot; and totally ignore that essential element to a good story.<br />I also found the society that &quot;Dune&quot; postulates to be hopelessly unrealistic. &quot;Ohhh, let's put a byzantine empire in space!&quot; I said it when I first read this book and others like it, and it's more obvious today. Technology changes the kinds of cultures that are possible. This culture could not come about. Willful suspension of disbelief is one thing, tossing it out the airlock is another.
0811826848|5.0|If you are a Beatle fan, or think you MIGHT be interested, or even just like music, you should buy this book.  It features some beatlesque humor (like lennon's closing) and some awesome pictures (can anyone say &quot;different Abby Road takes?&quot;)  This is a MUST buy!  nice book!  Get it ~ANDY
B000001FG5|4.0|In the difficult position of having to top &quot;Saturday Night Fever&quot;, the Gibb brothers surpassed themselves and created their biggest hit studio album of their careers, including three more #1 hits, making six #1 hit songs in a row!  &quot;Tragedy&quot;, &quot;Too Much Heaven&quot; and &quot;Love You Inside Out&quot; were all top hit singles.  &quot;Spirits (Having Flown)&quot; was a large hit single overseas.  All songs are Barry dominated vocals and he is at his falsetto best.  However, &quot;Stop (Think Again)&quot; is a tad long and a little bit tedious, but the following tracks go right back to their upbeat best!  Succeeding in avoiding any dance songs (disco), the Bee Gees out-do themselves.  These songs are truly funky &quot;R &amp; B&quot; numbers, a solid match for any rythym and blues band.  &quot;Until&quot;, the closing solo track may not be equal to their earlier hit &quot;Words&quot;, but Barry's voice accompanied by the electronic harpsichord makes for a delicious ending.
0944379044|1.0|This book is an interesting read to say the least.  Rambling, repetitive, incoherant at times, and always ludicrous, this book is a blueprint for genocide.  The ideas in this book are so far beyond the realm of fact that it could be considered black comedy if millions of innocents hadn't lost their lives as a result of the venom contained therein.  Anyone who cannot read this book and see past the facile solutions presented for our world's problems is ignorant in the worst way and/or a racist and anti-Semite.  There is no Zionist conspiracy, the Jews did not kill Jesus, and eugenics is the stuff of fantasy.  Anyone who says ANYTHING to the contrary or agrees with any idea put forth in this book is a hate monger and an anti-Semite.
0451524985|5.0|This was the first book by Lawrence that I ever read, and it made me want to read his other works. Something in Lawrence's style, whether it's his complete and almost unsettling way of capturing human thought and emotion, or his flawless way with language, makes you long to be 'subjected' to his words for another 300 pages.<br />Since Lady C's Lover was the first of his books that I read, I had the idea, not surprisingly, that all of his works would contain that purity and honesty of word choice (aka profanity) that this famous work is ripe with. Don't think this for a minute. When you read Sons and Lovers, Women in Love, and The Rainbow, you will get the feeling that Lady C's Lover was Lawrence's great mental eruption. These other works *tremble* slightly with allusions; VERY subtle allusions. It's as though Lawrence's mind was building up and preparing itself with his other works for what would be Lady Chatterley's Lover. Because, if you haven't read anything by Lawrence and know little about him, you will receive a MASSIVE surprise with this book...either a very pleasant (my case) surprise, or an unpleasant one. If you took offence at Holden Caulfield's language, your mind will scream at the language of Lady C's Lover. What we call 'the F word' in our more self-conscious moments, is used surely more than 100 times in this work. I don't think I've ever seen more straight-out connotations, allusions, imagery, everything, than in this book. It's amazing! At times, you will catch yourself marvelling at how Lawrence must have written it in a white hot fever, unable to stop, but surely knowing just how hard it would be to get this puppy published in his day and age. The work, then, is a brutal piece of honesty written, I feel, for the author's sake more than for the public's. That makes it priceless. It's one of the rare moments when we can view a writer's 'literary soul,' the part of their mind that usually will not surface for fear of not being publishable.<br />Whether you'd describe it as beauty, art it would be a good idea to read Lady Chatterley's Lover so that you can know for yourself what you feel about what is probably one of the greatest books ever written.
B00005AXEL|1.0|If &quot;Everyday&quot; is any indication of the rest of this CD, I would just rather pass it on by.  I was absolutely shocked to hear what has become of her voice -- &quot;kermit with laryngitis&quot; comes to mind.  My question is....does she realize how this sounds?  Apart from her voice \\"lowering\\" as the years have gone by, there is no emotion or vibrancy behind it that once was there - very flat!  She has definitely gone the way of Lindsay Buckingham, who coincidentally, has also lost it (voice-wise), but still continues as if everything were fine.  It would have been better to leave well enough alone.  How very, very sad.
B00005BL2A|3.0|Depeche Mode takes a step in the right direction, but it's a slow, small step.  I FEEL LOVED, BREATHE and DEAD OF THE NIGHT are Classic songs, but the rest are for the most part slow, light and underproduced.  DREAM ON, the first single, is a bore and very tedious after repeat listens.
6304539282|5.0|I will escape the Examples of Psychology, Philosophy etc.  To just state why I love the Star Wars Movies.  Of course they were my favorites growing up as a boy.  But the Love that Lucas has for his creation is felt in so many scenes.  With maybe the exception of Return of the Jedi. Which to me, is the slowest paced of all of the series.  The Plot is Simple (Good vs Evil) but it was never done with as much conviction and so much visualness. There is not a scene in any of the 4 movies that bore me. Some people may say that Star Wars is too commercialized today.  I disagree.  It is above commercialization and hype.  Because Star Wars in its roots is un-convoluted and basic pure fun.  Now the Matrix is hyped and commercialized.  But when you have something such as Star Wars (that is simple in its essence) it is hard to say that it is hyped too much. Episode VI Return of the Jedi is not as exciting as the other movies, but it is still excellent.  While Episode V The Empire Strikes Back is one of the most visual and inventive movies ever.  With the Exception of Jar Jar, Episode I, The Phantom Menace was excellent also. While Episode IV starts it all.  I enjoy the improvements made in
B00003CWTI|1.0|Be wary of the praise this film receives.  Are people so sick of contrived Hollywood films that they will praise anything that out of the ordinary?  This film is out of the ordinary for sure, but it is DRAMA for the sake of DRAMA with NO SUBSTANCE to this film.  Take AWAY the PLOT from REQUIEM for a DREAM and make the characters even far more from HELL and you've got Magnolia.  The beautiful music, directing, and cinematography do not make up for the lack of ANYTHING WORTHWHILE gained from this film.  Anyone that can identify, even remotely with these characters or gain anything out of this overly dramatic 'collage' would probably annoy me as much as this movie.  I wanted so much to like this film because of the quality directing, but was led by its FLASHY DRAMA into totally EMPTY STORY.  You would have to hallucinate meaning into this movie.  I didn't like Hard Eight or any of Paul Thomas Anderson's films very much--with all of the star power and otherwise good directing, why does Paul Thomas Anderson make such terrible movies?
0451160916|5.0|This book goes far beyond the genre of horror.  This book tells of the struggle of one man to overcome his troubled past and support his family.  The character development is some of the best I've ever seen in a novel, especially a &quot;horror&quot; novel.  <br />Unlike the movie, you truly feel pity for Jack Torrance.  He truly feels that he is doing what is right for his family, and how can you argue with him?  What would happen if he simply took his wife's advice and left the hotel?  His family would continue to struggle.  A potential great American writer would be reduced to, at best, a janitor.  Jack soon realized that he was indeed in a lose/lose situation.<br />Stephen King has yet to achieve what he did with this book.  I have analyzed it beyond belief, trying to find the point in which Jack Torrance truly loses all control and The Overlook takes over.  That is another crucial element in the book that most people overlook (no pun intended) probably due to the movie.  This isn't the story of a father going crazy and attacking his family at all.  And this most CERTAINLY isn't the story of a haunted house.  <br />Jack Torrance is indeed a tragic hero for the twentieth century.  This book is a must read.
B00004X01U|4.0|The highly anticipated follow-up to RAY OF LIGHT proved to be much different. MUSIC still has electronica, but what makes MUSIC   better than RAY OF LIGHT is that a few songs on this album take us back to Madonna's dance roots.<br />The title track simply rocks. It's Madonna's best dance song since VOGUE. The song reminds me of her first dance hit, EVERYBODY, but it doesn't sound dated in anyway. It's simply about the beat and dancing. IMPRESSIVE INATANT, AMAZING and DON'T TELL ME are other great songs. <br />It's not all good. RUNAWAY LOVER sounds like a typical dance song . Lyrically, ot's ok but it does not stand out. The slower pieces  (I DESERVE IT, PARADISE) are amazing songs that are totally different than anything Madonna has done in the past. <br />WHAT IT FEELS LIKE... is another disapointment. The song sound like a 5 year old playing with his toy keyboard. No wonder the song peaked at #23 in the Billboard charts. GONE is the perfect song to close the collection. <br />Overall, not her best work, but I would definitlely recommend it.<br />If your're looking for Madonna's best work, listen to BEDTIME STORIES and EROTICA. These albums are her most consistant albums.
B00003CX95|4.0|there's no doubt in my mind that if the events portrayed in &quot;braveheart&quot; were all historically accurate this would be one of the greatest movies of all time.  of course, they are not, as this is a &quot;dramatization&quot;, and gibson and the screenwriters and producers took their fair share of liberties with the plot.  wallace's first love interest, his childhood companion murron, is believable, even if it's a little hollywood, but wallace's sexual encounter with the princess of wales (which almost certainly never happened) is ridiculous.  he takes her to bed after having spent about two minutes with her.  it makes his last thoughts about murron seem less genuine.  the film also depicts richard the bruce's decision to continue wallace's fight against england, though here the battle is shown to be immediately after wallace's execution, when in fact it took place ten years later.  the movie also exhibits a rigid anglophobic sense, depicting king edward as a soulless, cruel man, and wallace as an unabashedly do-no-wrong hero.  even worse is edward ii's frailty and ignorance.  it's not surprising since this is a major movie, but given the historical significance of wallace's campaigns, it would be nice to get a more accurate picture.  for what it is though, there's no denying that &quot;braveheart&quot; is a great story.  gibson gives an impassioned performance, and leaves no doubt that he loves his country and truly believes in it and himself.  like i said, i don't like what they did with princess isabelle, but nonetheless sophie marceau is great (the scene with a dying kind edward is maybe her best).  the showstealer though is unquestionably david o'hara, who plays the crazy irishman, stephen.  some of his one-liners are quite memorable.  many critics have a problem with the excessively gory battle sequences, but they do a good job of showing just how gruesome such a fight can be without actually being there.  some of it may seem a little unnecessary to parents who show this movie to their kids, but understand that it's meant to have such an effect.  this is a great movie, that pulls off its epic aspirations admirably, and keeps you entertained and interested throughout.  don't take any of it to your history classroom, but enjoy the movie for what it is.
0140186395|5.0|This book was an assignment for my English class, I put it off till the weekend before the research paper was due to read it.  When I finally made a commitment to read it... I could not put it down!  This book made my laugh, cry and angry.  I loved every page of it, and I was always anxious to find out what happened next.  I have definitely learned a lot about mankind and the human spirit by reading this book.  Now my goal is to read all of Steinbeck's novels.  It is such a powerful story, if a person in their whole lifetime were to read one book and one book only, I would highly recommend them to read this book.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|It was.......Spectacular, Spectacular!  Nicole and Ewan's on-screen chemistry, captivating performance, and heartstopping vocal talents were awesome.  I listened to the cd two times before the movie came out and feel even more in love with the cd thereafter. I have seen the movie twice and will probably go a few more times.  My only complaint is that i am left hungry for the rest of the music to be released!!!!!!  This future DVD release will be certain to become my all time favorite!
6300184080|5.0|Personally i can't stand Cher's singing, but she's fared better as an actress. Mask is probably one of the best and most moving films i've ever seen.    No matter how many times i watch it Rocky's courage and Rusty's (Cher) devotion to her son whatever her own problems, never fails to reduce me to tears every time.     A must for any fan of a good tearjerker or a excellent film.
B00000IL31|5.0|Tool is one of my favorite bands in the world. This album is cool. I don't think the art is that good, so buying the so called edited version is good cuz my mom would let me buy it. The only thing that is edited is the art, and they let you go and get the booklet anyways, so it's cool. The whole album rules, there is a lot of metal on this album. What the heck is up with that 69 song crap though, a bunch of them are like 1 second. Just make it ten tracks. My favorite songs are prision sex, sober, and undertow. Get all the tool albums, they rule. L8r fools and bling bling.
0783226063|4.0|This was a good movie, don't get me wrong, but for the true dune fan you should deffinately go for Frank Herbert's Dune a version from the great Sci-Fi channel. Of course Herbert's is 6 hours long, so if you are not a fanatic see this one first.
0786915749|5.0|My son wrote the following mini-review:<br />A team of eight &quot;friends&quot; join together in a quest for the dragon-slaying weapon -- the mythical dragonlance! Along the way, they encounter love, magic, friendship, and a lot of fights with the ominous draconians. Will they vanquish or be vanquished?<br />Because I received the trilogy as a gift, I was obligated to finish at least one of the original Dragonlance titles. At first, I didn't really want to, but when I had fifty pages under my belt. I was hooked. I liked the sword fights, magic, and the dragons themselves. The small print and a whopping 441 pages make this book slow going but fun to read. I recommend it to anyone ten or up.
0385339100|2.0|The Partner is a bit misleading for anyone wishing to read a story that takes place in a court in front of the jury for the majority of the book. It's rather about the scheming deals that take place in the backhouse, and eventually, Patrick gets everything going in his way. Sounds great except that I already hated the character. He was a thief and a user of the criminal justice system. Obviously, the story is just too good to be true, and obviously, it will not work whatsoever. Somebody (probably most likely Jack Stephano when he raises some money) will have Patrick to end up dead no matter where he is just to take revenge on him. One of the biggest problem about the story is how leniently and well-treated Patrick was because only the reader knows what's going on, but everybody else not in the picture has to be very suspicious. There wasn't a single person raising an objection to the treatment. Why not just throw Patrick to the wolves in prison just for a good measure? That would have been a perfect lesson. The ending was typical but understandably ridiculous and more of a cheap sucker punch (really...John Grisham described Eva/Leah as a very worrisome poor gal who clutched for Patrick's life while waiting for the best outcome in the end). Another problem with the logic of the story, especially the wire transfers, don't that leave so much paper trail which can be easily traced? John Grisham, in most books, seems to have a preference for beautiful looking people while the ugly, plain looking people to lose in the end. It's a recurring theme. No wonder why he has his picture in every book he has, just to show that he is prettier than you. However, it's entertaining and makes for a quick read, which I like. All in all, why not just re-title The Partner as The Puppet Show and just blatantly mention the fact that Patrick is using strings on everybody from his hands and making conversations among themselves?
B00005BL2A|5.0|There are some that are disappointed in this album, as their were some that were disapointed in Ultra.  I feel nothing for those people but pity.  What they are missing out on is the soothing and inspiring songs off one of DMs best albums to date.  This album was able to immeadiately find a place in my heart near the towering power of Violator. After each listen, the album continues to grow into you.  With beautiful ballads like FreeLove and I Am You that make your chest quake and you itch with the uncontrollable urge to sing, this album is addictive and essential.  There is the throbbing beats of I Feel Loved and the utter serenity of When the Body Speaks.  Did I happen to mention that David Gahan's voice is more soothing, more intoxicating, more powerful, the best it has EVER been?  The instrumental links still remain uninteresting, although Easy Tiger is probably one of the best instrumentals they have done.  Martin does not loose his sultry sway with songs like Breathe.  This is an excellent album, more than I had expected and all that I had hoped for.
B000002J1U|5.0|Sure it's supposed to be an &quot;acoustic&quot; album and &quot;soft&quot; but it actually is a super, well rounded affair.  You get rockin' tunes (&quot;Immigrant Song&quot;, &quot;Out On The Tiles&quot;, &quot;Celebration Day&quot;), funky folk (&quot;Bron Yr Aur Stomp&quot;, &quot;Gallows Pole&quot;), some kickin' blues or blues influenced tracks (&quot;Since I've Been Loving You&quot;, &quot;Hats Off To (Roy) Harper&quot; which is &quot;Shake 'Em On Down&quot;), and a super ballad in &quot;Tangerine&quot;.  I &amp; II are great but I think there's an earthiness and subtlety here that are missing from their first two efforts.  IV/ZOSO is overrated because of 3 songs, and the later albums are by and large pretty damn good.  But I'd say this is the most diverse album, and apart from metal heads' perspectives, their most accessible.  I love Spinal Tap but sometimes you don't need to go to 11 to totally rock out...  Led Zeppelin III proves it.  Enjoy!
B000001GQY|5.0|Great Russian Pianist Emil Gilels who died in 1985, recorded the two brahms concerti with jochem in 1972.  What readings they are!  I have been looking for the best performance of the 2nd concerti for over 10 years and I had not found the performance that hit me until i bought this.  I've tried Ax, Arrau, Richter, and pollini.  Of coarse they are all great and should be in your library but if you can only have one, Gilels is the one.  Since I love the 2nd concerto, I recently saw it in public at lincoln center with leonskaja at the piano.  I hated every minute of the performance.  It was brahms without perfect pedaling and certainly not a flawless technic.   Gilels' imagination is incredible.  The tempos are just perfecto.  Great CD!  Jochem is a great conductor too.  Great CD.
B000000W5P|5.0|Depending on the classic rock station I've heard up to 7 of these songs in rotation at times.  So yeah I knew most of it before I bought it.  And I wasn't disappointed.  Whether it's disco or country pastiches or a Motown cover which is a great re-interpretation or all the rockin' songs it does it well. VERY WELL!!!
B00005KA97|2.0|I was disposed to watch this movie, think it was cute, and never watch it again.  I was sorely disappointed, though.  The movie follows Penelope Cruz, a girl severely stricken with motion sickness.  She leaves her cheating (but good looking) husband, and comes to the US, where she ends up hosting her own cooking show.<br />Now, I think fluff films can be fun sometimes, but this one really wasn't good.  The movie ends up following her deciding between two men, and eventually trying to get back a sacrifice she made to a goddess of the sea so she would no longer love her husband.  In the end, I felt cheated when she went back to her husband who cheated on her, and never really seemed to love her.<br />If you're looking for mindless entertainment, see this.  If you want a movie where you can at least agree with the ending, don't see it.
B000000W5L|5.0|So what if you need a lyric sheet to figure this out?  &quot;Louie, Louie&quot; was banned and got a book written about it because it was hard to deciper.  Did Jerry Lee Lewis say &quot;come on over&quot; or &quot;come all over&quot;?  Doesn't matter.  What matters is that at the height of excess, in the throes of alcohol and heroin addiction, and under exile from Her Majesty because they didn't want to fill her coffers, the Glimmer Twins slapped together the 18 songs that if the Oxford English Dictionary had its druthers would be listed as THE definition of rock and roll.
6305922756|5.0|This is such a great movie, and the DVD has great extras that make this well worth the money.  The audio commentary by Spinal Tap (in character no less) is so funny, I was laughing throughout.  This DVD also has music videos and outtakes that are also funny.  Spinal Tap alone was a funny movie, the DVD with the added extras (particularly the audio commentary) make this a stellar movie.  Also worth seeing are the other two mockumentaries by Christopher Guest (it's the six-fingered man!) and Eugene Levy: Waiting for Guffman and Best in Show.
B000003BEM|5.0|It doesn't matter that there's a lot of acoustic guitars.  Led Zeppein III has acoustic guitars and it's their best album.  It doesn't matter that Mick Taylor wasn't on board yet.  &quot;Sympathy For The Devil&quot; proved Keef can handle it all on guitar (and bass!) and every single song is a standout.  It's just as dirty and sleazy as the album cover (in a good way).  Part 1 of the best 4 studio rock and roll albums any band produced.
0380713802|4.0|Many of the negative reviews of this book point out that more often than not Bryson goes of on complaint tangents about a slew of things about his travels. I must agree with these critics. It seems obvious that if you don't like the bizzarity of red-light districts don't peruse them or if you don't want to spend an uncomfortable pair of days on a bus bound for the outer reaches of Norway don't board the bus. Simple as that! Yet Bryson does these things and finds fault with them. I believe that may have something to do with America and maybe only Americans can understand this. We are a country who, for many of us, love complaining more than not. We are not stoics. We are commenters and fault-finders. In this manner I can indentify with Bryson as I myself have been a traveller in Europe and frequently felt the same way. Another negative that stopped me from giving all the stars to this finely written book is Bryson's pervasive hate of industrialism or mass commercialism and mass tourism. I'm sorry to say it, but if we take a quick peek at the recent history of Europe we see that it may have never been the storybook/postcard destination that Bryson envisions. Maybe he had such a hard time finding his perfect Europe because its a figment of his imagination. Let's take a peek at this history- for the first half of the last Europe was rocked by the two most devestating wars ever- before that Europe experienced fifty years of instability as revolutions came and were violently supressed in nearly every country-before that were the massive invasions of Napoleon-before that was a country were you were luck to live to your twentieth birthday and not be killed by Europe's world-famous crowd diseases that spawned from Europe's history of pure squallor and lack of anything that we would today recognize as sanitization. Now Bryson complains about the culture sapping American-style commerialism and disneylandish style tourism. If that Europe's biggest problem all Europeans and travellers should thank thier lucky stars when comparing this with Europe's past history. The Europe Bryson wants is elusive in that Europe may never have been the perfect combination of unseemly commercialism and sanitation that it appears he wants. I gave the book four stars because it is one the few books that I read that made me laugh out loud. It is extremelly well written. Bryson's sense of humor even during the complaint sessions is amazing. I suggest anybody who has ever even thought of Europe to read this immediately.
B000000W5H|4.0|Not a great rep for this one, but if EVERY Stones album were like this they'd be one of the best rock and roll bands ever.  But they get blamed because 4 of the last 5 studio albums were just that much better.  Life isn't always fair!
B00003CXRP|4.0|Movie: 4.5 Stars<br />Sound: DD (4 Stars), DTS (5 Stars)<br />DVD Extras 3.5 Stars<br />I have read in various entertainment articles back when Cast Away first premiered in December of 2000, that Zemeckis's original ending had Hanks and Hunt ending up together at the end of the movie, but after careful thought and test screening, Zemeckis threw that ending away and reshot the ending that we know of today.  Zemeckis thought that Hanks and Hunt becoming lovers again after all that time would not seem believable by the audience, so he changed it to reflect a more realistic ending of Hanks moving on with life. <br />My question is, where is this \\"alternative ending\\"?  Does it exist?  If it does, isn't that why DVD's exist?  To include those deleted shots and endings that we all crave!  Therefore, without the alternative ending, the extras get 3.5 stars from me.  Overall DVD, 4 Stars.
B000000W5F|5.0|Hard to believe considering that the tracks here are strong enough to fit onto any post-Exile album apart from Some Girls (some of these are from those sessions if memory serves).  This album is great.  It jukes and jives, bobs and weaves.  It's not quite one of their 4 great late 60's/early 70's albums or Some Girls, but it's only a step behind.  Crank it up!
B00005K2UF|5.0|&quot;Sing Sing Sing&quot; showcases NYV's artistic mastery and is, in this reviewer's humble opinion, a true showcase album for anyone interested in vocal jazz. This album features jazz and big band tunes from the World War II era. The vocals are truly stunning; ensemble moments are perfect blends of harmony and vibrato, scat solos soar over the band effortlessly, and solo passages are accompanied beautifully (by the other singers and the band). The arrangements for the band are tasteful and enjoyable- the instrumentalists prominent and powerful- never overpowering the vocalists. Fans of big band music will be impressed with this backup band and can appreciate the album for both its instrumental perfection as well as the amazing singers. I had a chance to see NYV perform the music on this CD live at a jazz festival in Pennsylvania and was immediately sold on the album more than a year before its release. Particularly stunning is the last track, an a capella arrangement of &quot;I'll Be Seeing You&quot;. This track is among the most perfectly executed and beautiful arrangements you are likely to ever hear, regardless of musical style. Thanks to NYV for this disc of pure enjoyment. Everyone else... you need this CD!
0780020685|5.0|For about 15 years, whenever anyone has asked me my favorite movie, I have unhesitatingly replied that it was a dead heat between SEVEN SAMURAI and the Astaire/Rogers classic TOP HAT.<br />Many elements combine to make SEVEN SAMURAI one of the great films ever made.  For me, at least, none of these reasons have anything to do with its being a samurai film.<br />First and foremost, it is an inconceivably gorgeous film to look at.  Watching it on DVD, you can stop virtually any frame in the film and be struck with the balance and composition in the shot.  Kurosawa and his cinematographer make every shot a work of art.<br />This is first and foremost a film about faces.  After you have seen it, image after image of a person's face will come to mind.  And not just the major characters.  Most of the peasants in the village will continue in the imagination as vivid individuals.<br />The cast is utterly unsurpassed.  Toshiro Mifune is extraordinary as the false samurai, but the key character is the head samurai as played by Kurosawa mainstay Takashi Shimura.  Just as he holds the seven samurai and the village together, so he holds the film together.  But the cast is superlative not just seven or eight characters down, but 20 and 25 down.  So many of the minor characters are vividly memorable!  I think in particular of the peasant whose face looks like some of the Japanese masks you see sometimes.<br />For me, the action is actually the least interesting part of the film.  The greatness in the movie is the tension between the samurai and the villagers, as they gradually lose their distrust and dislike of one another, and become unified both in life and in death.  In other words, the greatest action in the film is in interpersonal relations, not in swordplay.<br />Trivia:  when first released in the US, the title was THE MAGNIFICENT SEVEN.  Since the Western remake of the film, it has been known as SEVEN SAMURAI.
0393317552|5.0|I simply am a terrific fan of any book that makes sense.  This one does.  It is well written covering a very complex subject that can be overwhelming.  It was not.  If you want to know why the universe is the way it is this book is superb.  Only E. O. Wilson is a comperable master of being able to accomplish this.
6300163423|3.0|The cinemotography is the highlight of this film - it is done very well, adding to the overall effect of creepiness.  It is based upon the book, Fallen Angel, and the film does quite better without the book's 'hard-boiled' detective themes.  Generally not a Mickey Rourke fan - have you seen 9 1/2 Weeks? - he comes off sketchy, but very good as the harried detective off to find out the wherabouts of an old wartime crooner, Johnnie Favorite.  Unfotunately for Rourke's character, the mystery may be better left buried.  The problem here is definitely not with the production or the acting, but the disjointed plot; not all the elements, even with the 'surprise ending' come off as good as they should.  It could come close to the type of climax seen at the end of The Sixth Sense, but too much effort was wasted on the 'sex' scene between Rourke and Bonet to actually deliver a hard-hitting conclusion.
0060207051|5.0|This is my daughters favorite book!  Every night before she went to bed she would says &quot;Goodnight Mom, Goodnight Moon&quot;.  I ordered this book in hardback and gave it to her for her 16th birthday.  She had tears in her eyes when I gave it to her and although she hadn't said it in a long time, she came up behind me that night and whispered in my ear &quot;Goodnight Mom, Goodnight Moon&quot;.  She is leaving for college in the fall but has already packed a little comfort from home; her &quot;Goodnight Moon&quot; book.
B00000IAU3|4.0|Until this year, few people had heard of Dido. But before she became mainstream she dominated the college music and Billboards Heat-seekers charts until her album finally creped its way into the top ten in January 2001.  With beautifully written music and lyrics, Dido shows nothing but pure talent. Having been compared to the likes of Sarah McLachlan and Sinead O' Connor, Dido's own unique style shines through brightly in her debut album, &quot;No Angel&quot;. As one could expect from hearing the very accessible electronic sounds of her other group, No Angel sounds like it would fit into a fairly mainstream market, with a most noticeable resemblance to Sarah Mclachlan with a touch less of an organic sound.   The first track actually starts out in a more interesting way for the first minute or so with its gurgling electronics and a subtle backbeat. Dido's voice drifts nicely over everything, but soon the pop craftsmanship comes back into the picture fully with some acoustic guitar strumming and a more steady beat. Eventually, the whole track picks up with a flourish of strings, and so does the singing. It's actually one of the more moving tracks on the album with a sing-along chorus and very nice vocals. Unfortunately, the next two tracks have almost the same beat structure exactly, and although they do some different things lyrically, they're just not different enough to not blur into one another. Fortunately, that formula ends on the stripped-down fourth track &quot;My Lover's Gone.&quot; With only some quiet guitars and some more interesting drumming, the track is more of a vocal highlight than anything else, and again shows that Dido's voice has an uncanny resemblance to Mclachlan. It's a quiet, calm track, and shows a good change  from her three previous tracks.   On &quot;ThankYou,&quot; a bit of Latin influence makes its way into the track and again adds a little bit of a different sound to the album, while &quot;Honestly OK&quot; plays around with more electronic blips and bleeps and a bigger beat than any other track on the release. The ninth track entitled &quot;Isobel&quot; plays with more interesting drumming and it does the song a great service. This is an album with a unique sound for those looking for wonderful, deep modern music. Dido is a bewitching artist casting her spell. These songs play out beautifully in that quiet zone between slumber and consciousness, where life opens all doors and the music can flow freely.
6303346367|4.0|It's no wonder that this movie is looked upon as one of Hitchcock's finest British films. With enough tons of technical acheivements (although one must remember the time that it was made) Hitch takes his audience for the ride of there life!<br />When Donat's character is told information about spys takeing information out of the country by a mysterious woman he doesn't expect her to be killed in his flat. Of course now he police think he is the murderer and noone will beleive his story of spies. Not even the lead woman. To make matters worse, he is eventually tied to Carrol's character who has betrayed him by turning him over to what she thought was the police. <br />One must check this out! It really is exellent British Hitchcock!
B00000IAU3|4.0|Until this year, few people had heard of Dido. But before she became mainstream she dominated the college music and Billboards Heat-seekers charts until her album finally creped its way into the top ten in January 2001.  With beautifully written music and lyrics, Dido shows nothing but pure talent. Having been compared to the likes of Sarah McLachlan and Sinead O' Connor, Dido's own unique style shines through brightly in her debut album, &quot;No Angel&quot;. As one could expect from hearing the very accessible electronic sounds of her other group, No Angel sounds like it would fit into a fairly mainstream market, with a most noticeable resemblance to Sarah Mclachlan with a touch less of an organic sound.   The first track actually starts out in a more interesting way for the first minute or so with its gurgling electronics and a subtle backbeat. Dido's voice drifts nicely over everything, but soon the pop craftsmanship comes back into the picture fully with some acoustic guitar strumming and a more steady beat. Eventually, the whole track picks up with a flourish of strings, and so does the singing. It's actually one of the more moving tracks on the album with a sing-along chorus and very nice vocals. Unfortunately, the next two tracks have almost the same beat structure exactly, and although they do some different things lyrically, they're just not different enough to not blur into one another. Fortunately, that formula ends on the stripped-down fourth track &quot;My Lover's Gone.&quot; With only some quiet guitars and some more interesting drumming, the track is more of a vocal highlight than anything else, and again shows that Dido's voice has an uncanny resemblance to Mclachlan. It's a quiet, calm track, and shows a good change  from her three previous tracks.   On &quot;ThankYou,&quot; a bit of Latin influence makes its way into the track and again adds a little bit of a different sound to the album, while &quot;Honestly OK&quot; plays around with more electronic blips and bleeps and a bigger beat than any other track on the release. The ninth track entitled &quot;Isobel&quot; plays with more interesting drumming and it does the song a great service. This is an album with a unique sound for those looking for wonderful, deep modern music. Dido is a bewitching artist casting her spell. These songs play out beautifully in that quiet zone between slumber and consciousness, where life opens all doors and the music can flow freely.
1583762027|5.0|This book is fantastic reading. concise, to the point, a true handbook for the procrastinator!!! I handed it to all my business associates and they love it!  Great guidelines to achieve success in business, and in life! Eat That Frog has to be the best book I've read in a long time to teach me how step by step to write goals and schedules,and keep me on track with them to build my business.  Thanks, Brian!!!
B00000BKE1|4.0|The few songs that are excellent on this album are very good.The ones that are not as good are still ok.The worst ones (3-4 of them) are still not bad.I think Iron Maiden is totaly awsome, but I like the older albums way better (I'm listening to a 1982 Maiden album as I type this).If you get this, keep in mind that the songs that sound stupid get faster and better,way better!
B000059HAI|4.0|The June 13,2001 review by Fat Joe Tomas is clearly talking about the new flick &quot;Pearl Harbor&quot; and not &quot;Tora! Tora! Tora!&quot;  Joe is correct in his comments.  The new film is more a fairy tale, not a decent comment on the battle like the classic &quot;Tora! Tora! Tora!&quot;.
B00000BKE1|4.0|The few songs that are excellent on this album are very good.The ones that are not as good are still ok.The worst ones (3-4 of them) are still not bad.I think Iron Maiden is totaly awsome, but I like the older albums way better (I'm listening to a 1982 Maiden album as I type this).If you get this, keep in mind that the songs that sound stupid get faster and better,way better!
B00005LB9O|4.0|I was a bit reluctant to buy the new Travis album because I do not particularly care for the song &quot;Sing&quot;. The chorus to the song just grates on my nerves which really turned me off but when my friends started saying how excellent &quot;The Invisible Band&quot; is well I just had to pick it up to hear it for myself. I can now say that I am glad to have gotten this cd. It is a continuation of where &quot;The Man Who&quot; left off. Asides from my disdain for &quot;Sing&quot;, the remaining album is classic Travis all the way. &quot;Flowers In the Window&quot; sounds like something that Sir Paul McCartney would write and sing, as well as &quot;Safe&quot;. Those two songs have those Beatlesque melodies and style of songwriting quality to them. Just catchy and simple. When I first heard &quot;Side&quot; I knew immediately that song would become a favorite with me. The two hidden tracks on this album are wonderful, has a very country/rockish sound to them. &quot;Follow&quot; is another classic Travis song with a catchy melody that sticks in your head.  The cover art is wonderful. I didn't notice until I looked at it for a second time to see the band down towards the bottom. How appropriate with a title like &quot;The Invisible Band&quot;. Another superb collection of pop/rock from one of my favorite bands to date.
B00000BKE1|4.0|The few songs that are excellent on this album are very good.The ones that are not as good are still ok.The worst ones (3-4 of them) are still not bad.I think Iron Maiden is totaly awsome, but I like the older albums way better (I'm listening to a 1982 Maiden album as I type this).If you get this, keep in mind that the songs that sound stupid get faster and better,way better!
0345350499|5.0|I've read many books and this one will always remain one of the best, one of the most memorable, the most favorite. I read it many years ago and I have a hard time remembering what the minuses of the book were, but the good aspects spring to mind immediately. <br /> It is a book full of magic - if you read to escape and experience a different world, you'll be literally transported by this one. If plot is your thing, this book can't go wron with its Arthurian legend that spans many decades and the protagonist's entire life. And if what you like most are characters - well, this novel Breathes. After reading, you will never forget Morgan and Lancelot. <br /> Sometimes you feel like reading a good novel and you're usure which to buy - you don't want to waste the money, or the time with a bad selection. BUY this book ... And once you're done reading, you'll want to keep a copy of it forever. Promise.
B000002H2H|5.0|OK, maybe not at their best, but still worth 5 stars because it's well above other bands...Fight Fire With Fire is a classic speed metal song and goes well into the title track, an 8 minute masterpiece of the guitar.  Fade to Black is quite possibly the best Metallica song ever, it definetly stands side by side to One as the best metal ballad.  Creeping Death is great as well...but the true instrumental masterpiece in Metallica's forte is the Call of Ktulu...simply the most expansive metal instrumental song I've ever heard.  Even beats Orion from Master of Puppets.
B00005BJ2O|3.0|I saw the movie and fell in love with it. Two of my favorite songs from the  movie, Madonna's Like A Virgin and Queen's The Show Must Go On, aren't even included on the soundtrack. Plus they add tracks that's aren't even in the movie, like a mangled rendition of Can-Can. Very disappointed they left off some of the movie's best music! The rest of the soundtrack is great. But c'mon, at least include the songs that people responded to and fell in love with!
B000002H2H|5.0|ride the lightning is the best metallica elbum ever produced. fade to black sends a chill down my spine beacause it hits the spot. this album is closely followed by the black album and in my opinion and justice for all. THIS ALBUM ROCKS, BUY IT!
B00005A1PR|5.0|I am really enjoying this CD.  My girlfriend turned me on to it recently and I can't stop playing it.  The CD is great from begining to end.  If you love to kick back and relax you must have this CD playing in the background.  Enjoy!
0767802470|5.0|This is the movie that U-571 wanted to be but couldn't even come close to equalling.  One of the best ever with a DVD to truly frame its greatness.  You've gotta get it.  Nothing like stereo sound to emphasize the sound of an exploding depth charge.  Especially contrasted with a moment of such intense silence that you can hear Jurgen Prochnow sweatting!  The DVD is the director's cut which adds a full hour of footage that it is impossible concieving where it must have been cut.  The move is far more intense at its full length and with the extra footage you get to learn more about the youthful vigor of the crewmembers as well as the Captain's disdain for the Nazi heirarchy.  My only complaint is that you have to flip the DVD over halfway through the feature but the option of listening to the movie in English, or German, with English, French, or German subtitles as well as all the other extras more than makes up for it.  I prefer the original German with the subtitles off so I can't understand a thing.  SCHNELL, SCHNELL!
0800137841|5.0|This film is the story of the revenge of a  son  against his  father . The son, who does not have a name, is the creature created by Dr Frankenstein in his wildest research. He plays God and he is punished like a plain criminal. The book is thus ethical. Yet two elements are disquieting. First the raw materials used by Dr Frankenstein to create his creature keep the memory of the people they come from. His hands are the hands of a criminal, so he remains a criminal and he kills out of habit. His brain is the brain of a university professor, so he retains his education, culture and skills. But, second point, the main question is about the responsibility of a  father  towards his  son . The father gives life and even a whole lot of potentials. But he has the fundamental responsibility to educate the  son , to tell him what to do with his potentials. Dr Frankenstein evades this responsibility and thus has to be punished for it. The people he loves are killed by the creature because the creature suffers in his absolute and cursed solitude. The Doctor finally dies as the result of his guilt because of his impossibility to kill his creature and to repair the damage done by this creature of his. The final scene is essential : the creature will die on the artic sea of ice by burning himself along with his dead  father  on a pyre of purification. So, the decision to go home from the captain of the ship that finds them is also symbolical of the possibility to go back to normal life when ungodly scientists and ungodly creatures are destroyed, when the road to unethical research is closed, when it is finally clear that one has to abide by the ethics of humanity. This is not rooted in any particular religion or religious vision, but only in the debate about medicine : to go beyond the limits of doomed life, hence beyond death, or just to preserve life against death. This debate is essential. Dr Jacques COULARDEA, Paris Universities II and IX.
B00003CXRM|3.0|Sorry, even though I love the Coen brothers I just can't give this movie more than 3.5 stars.  I'm not exactly sure what it is that didn't grab me. I was absolutely stunned, as always, by the tremendous visuals that the Coens threw up there on the big screen, but the lack of a clear, coherent purpose in this movie set me off a little bit.  First of all let's get one thing straight, this movie is not based on the odyssey.  Apart from the siren scene, the fact that Clooney's character is named Ulyssees and that his wife is named Penelope there are no similarities.  The movie does have it's highlights (a muffed KKK ralley for example where the Coens make the sheet toting idiots out to be the total morons that they are) but I think the predominance of bluegrass music really threw me off.  As with every Coen movie, every component--dialogue, cinematography, music--all are utilized to their fullest potential and injected with the maximum amount of meaning.  The bluegrass music is therefore a key component and you can't just tune it out if you hate bluegrass music like I do.  So essentially if you love bluegrass music you might think this is the best movie ever made, if not, you'll still find something to enjoy, but it will be somewhat tainted.
B00000IMCW|5.0|This is one of Romero's best. It tells a great story of survival in the most interesting setting that could bring out so many ideas for a movie... the mall!
B00003CXP1|4.0|This is the best movie that I usually tell people not to see.  The reason is that it is so intense.  Contrary to most films about drug addiction, this movie utilizes tremendous direction to create a creepy, uncomfortable atmosphere.  After you see this film you won't want to take a tylenol, or drink anything with caffene in it--it's that scary.  The performances all around are rock solid, but the major attraction is definately the direction.  An oft repeated montage that is meant to simulate a high is beyond discrption and the black spot on Jared Leto's arm leave nothing unsaid.  Check it out, unless you ever want to sleep again.
B0000542DJ|5.0|This is a great movie. The reason it became a controversy is because those scumbags behind the whole thing didn't want you to know about it. It is the truth and a common knowledge film that tells a great story. If you like any movies that are similar to this don't even wait to see before buying. It isn't worth spending 4 bucks to rent and then buy it.
0312243022|5.0|Michael Cunningham is an amazingly intuitive, poetic writer who is somehow able to tap into our deepest doubts and emotions and weave this interesting interconnected tale.  I found this book profound and heavy and sometimes too much to handle emotionally.  I saw parts of myself in it that I'd just as soon be rid of but are parts of all of us, nevertheless.  I feel deeper for having read it and would recommend it highly.  Just don't let it get you too down and have a light back-up book just in case you need a diversion!  This book has made a lasting impression on me.  I don't think I will ever forget it.
0805047905|5.0|My 5 year old first picked up this book in Pre-K. Yesterday was their graduation and the whole class sang the words to &quot;Brown Bear&quot;. Try it! It's a very melodic song.
0783235666|2.0|&quot;The Birds&quot; may well have scared its audience to death when it was realsed nearly forty years ago.  However, unlike Hitchcock's materpiece &quot;Psycho,&quot; it has not aged well at all.  &quot;Psycho&quot; is still scary, in part, because it was filmed in black and white and essentially looks timeless.  Alas, &quot;The Birds&quot; was filmed in color and not only are the styles of the times distracting, but the movie's supposedly menacing title characters look silly.  Hitchcock is, of course, is master of creating mood with his camerawork, such as the scene on the park bench in which the birds slowly collect in the background.  Unfortunately, they have lost their ability to scare to an audience accustomed to more frightening visuals and thereby the effect just isn't there anymore.  There is no doubt that Hitchcock was a genius and that this was one of his biggest triumphs.  But today it is interesting mostly as a cultural artifact.
B000002BQK|5.0|Everyone seems to fill that &quot;Butterfly&quot; is Mariah's greatest CD,I agree.After leaving Tommy Mottola,Mariah had a new freedom on this record.&quot;Butterfly&quot; is the perfect song about there relationship,&quot;If you should return to me,we truly were meant to be.&quot;The fourth cut,&quot;The Roof,&quot; has Mariah's vocals on different tracks flowing everywhere.High,low,soft,its fantastic.Prince's,&quot;The Beutifull Ones,&quot; with Dru Hill,is another great cut,but my favorite is &quot;My all.&quot; this song tears me apart.&quot;I'd give my all to have just one more night with you.&quot;Butterfly&quot; is the record fans will be talking about for year.Its Mariah's Masterpiece.
0694003611|4.0|&quot;Can a woman forget her nursing child And have no compassion on the son of her womb? Even these may forget, but I will not forget you. Behold, I have inscribed you on the palms of My hands&quot; (Isaiah 49:15-16)<br />Beautiful images fill the pages of this book. The balloon on the ceiling, the stars through the window, the fire in the fire place, the old woman in the chair...all of these are shown in the glory of their simple beauty.<br />&quot;Goodnight Moon&quot; is about the simple pleasures of being at home and going to bed among familiar things...more than that, it is about the feeling of being loved--knowing and being known.<br />Get this book. It is great for all ages.
014028009X|4.0|I haven't been single in over 20 years, but I could still relate to the escapades of Ms. Jones, especially the self-deception!  Helen Fielding captures the voice of diary prose in such a hilarious way.  I find myself imitating that style now in my own journaling, and I'm actually annoying myself, as I am neither single nor British.  When a book makes you laugh out loud and read tidbits to your hubby, you know you're being entertained.  Still rooting for Bridget!
0790749815|5.0|whoever remastered this film deserves a gold medal, stunning color fidelity, hardly any artifacts or film grain.  Wonderful print.  Buy This DVD Now if you are a Hitchcock fan, if you're not buy it anyway otherwise you're missing out bigtime.  One to keep for years and treasure! WOW
0345441184|5.0|Having been acquainted with the story of King Arthur many times in the past, I thought I knew exactly what to expect from Mists. Usually, Morgaine is portrayed as a wicked seductress, but in this book things are quite different. From the start you feel a strong bond with the tragic heroine. Something else that struck me as a stray from the norm is the portrayl of Gwenhwyfar. The Queen seems like a whiny brat, always commanding Arthur to get rid of the &quot;pagan&quot; religeon that he is sworn to uphold. I think I enjoyed this the most. Usually seen as the perfect bride it was wonderful to see her as a naive, foolish girl that ends up being the joke of the kingdom. Morgaine, meanwhile, always holds the respect of everyone she meets, which in turn causes Gwenhwyfar to be jealous of her.       Anyway, it is my extremely humble, 16 year old opinion that this is one of the best books I have ever read. It draws you in  with the first line and never lets you go. READ IT!!!
B00000K19E|5.0|When I first saw the trailer for this film I knew I had to see it, I saw images of stuff I hadn't ever seen before and I think that's why this film did so well.  It seemed to be a breat of fresh air that the sci-fi realm needed (especially with Episode I being a disappointment).  I normally don't like Keanu but he did really well in this one, and Carrie-Ann Moss was exceptional.  I really love the way this flick starts out because you don't really know what's going on and it's really mysterious.  The sound is awesome on this DVD and there doesn't seem to be any articacts on the video, if only we had a DTS sound selection.
B000007OY0|5.0|The Shawshank Redemption is simply put, the most awe-inspiring movie i have ever seen. Morgan Freeman is outstanding as always, and puts on a great performance in this movie. Tim Robbins, who plays Andy Dufresne, a man wrongly convicted of murdering his wife and her lover, really makes the viewer gain a larger appreciation for their own life. Lines such as &quot;Get busy living or get busy dying&quot; serve as a backbone for this movie about one mans struggle for freedom. In the movie, Andy Dufresne always remains hopeful, which is the sole reason he survives in Shawshank prison. The ending is spectacular, which is expected from the mind of Stephen King, the man who originally wrote the short story &quot;Rita Hayworth and the Shawshank Redemption&quot;. Thios movie has changed my life forever, and hopefully,will do the same for many others. Unfortunately, five stars was the highest rating i could give it.
B000002TYK|5.0|This is the Foo Fighters best album, and a great album in general.  This Is A Call and Ill Stick Around start off the album with a fast pace and two of the best songs off the album.  Big Me is a short, slow ballad that has a humorous vibe to it.  Other good songs include Good Grief, For All The Cows, X-Static, Floaty, and Exhausted.  Actually, every song is pretty good and is listenable.  The Colour And The Shape is also very good but doesn't quite live up to this one.  The Foo Fighters debut is definately worth the purchase.
0792843584|5.0|One of my all time favourites, American poetry is rare to come by, but here we have it in abundance, magic.  Hopefully a featurepacked disc will come soon featurein dirs commentary, documentaries etc.  I will be first in line. Also hope whoever owns this film preserves it the way it dserves to be preserved.  It rises in the mind and with time will perhaps become as revered as it deserves!
B00005BL2A|4.0|Top to bottom...this is great CD.  &quot;I Feel Love&quot; is a great club track (play it loud and let the synths do the rest) Not to mention the full gamut of tracks ranging from &quot;Freelove&quot; to &quot;Shine&quot; then &quot;Dead Of Night&quot;.  The music industry is weak -   this is excellent spirit material in a sad day for popular music.  The band has come up with some very creepy sounds and weirded me out once again - I LOVE IT!  I can only hope they will do it again sooner and not wait 3+ years next time.  DM lyrics speaks truth..........LISTEN!
B00005ASOC|4.0|After reading the good reviews this film was getting I decided to go see it, and I do enjoy a good Sean Connery film. And I was treated to a delightful and inspiring film!  I felt that both actors gave great performances, but still I feel that &quot;Scent of a Woman&quot; is superior.
B00005BL2A|5.0|I suspect the variety of these reviews is due to the variety of the tracks.  I've seen people rave about and pan the same tracks!  Contrary to some opinions, this is a wonderful ALBUM.  It is a tremendously well-sequenced pouring out of Martin Gores's soul with the aid of Dave's vocals.  Admittedly only a few of the songs grabbed me on the first listening--I'd also admit that was true with Violator and Songs of Faith and Devotion.  Before Exciter, the only DM album that I couldn't stop playing from the first was Music for the Masses.<br />I had always considered DM to have good, but not the best vocals.  The only songs previous to Exciter that I would rate as having excellent vocals were Personal Jesus, Never Let Me Down Again and In Your Room.  Dave has really captured the emotion of every song he sings on this album!  Based upon this album alone I'd place him at the top of male vocalist category with Anthony Kleidis and few others. <br />I freely admit that this CD takes very short rest breaks, being relieved by various Cure albums, Bachelor No 2 (Aimee Mann), Californication and Nevermind.  In particular, Dream On, Freelove, and I Feel Loved are well-produced and performed. The first single, Dream On, for some reason I cannot fathom, has apparently eluded the US market dominated by superficial acts who cannot write their own songs, gimmicks (ridiculous Island accents), and inane thefts of older popular songs. I suspect that I Feel Loved will fare better with American audiences because of its catchy beat and hook line.  However, arguments for some of the slower songs, especially the final two tracks, I Am You and Goodnight Lovers, could be made for being the best songs on the album.  Dead of Night, Comatose, and Breathe will likely receive uneven reviews, but given multiple listens, even these songs can be addictive.  I constantly find almost every song on this album stuck in my head at one time or another.<br />Regardless of nearly anyone's taste in music, everysong on this album demonstrates musicianship superior to every band today.  Only the Red Hot Chili Peppers (How can Flea play bass that way?) are in the same league as DM.  As a bonus, Dave has finally shown consistent excellence in his singing.  Anyone who has written a nasty review needs to take the CD out a few more times, preferably during various moods.  With several listens I believe everyone not prejudiced against electronic music will be raving about this album, too.  Based on the recent awards (Sting, Steely Dan and U2), I'm expecting one or more grammies for this effort.
B00000FZ1V|5.0|Ghostbusters is one of the scariest movies ever. And its a COMEDY. Sure, many comedies are scary (Ever see any of the Revenge of the Nerds sequels?), but this one was INTENTIONALLY scary. It starts off with the para-psychology team (Bill Murray, Dan Aykroyd, Harold Ramis) at Columbia University being taken off the University grant list, and the three men go into an unsearched frontier: PARANORMAL INESTIGATORS AND ELIMINATORS. Many may think that this is where the fun starts. Nope. Unlike many comedies (Meet the Parents, Mrs. Doubtfire), Ghostbusters starts off as extremely fun and stays there. The special effects, are still somewhat special (the ghosts are very well rendered and still entertaining after almost 20 years) and the story is briliant. This movie still could have been completely dependent on story and have no comedy in it. The entire film has a very timeless feel about it. The wardrobe, setting, and characters can still be indentified after all these years. The film grossed $240 million in North America alone, 8 times it's budget. It spawned three cartoon series, a great sequel, and a legion of fans. If you want something that will leave you howling, or something for your kids, this is the movie to get. Also, screenwriter Aykroyd WAS going to make another sequel, but fan favirote Murray definately does not want to do it (the script was reported to be &quot;very good&quot;. I'm sure there's something that should be said about Bill's attitude... oh yeah: &quot;He slimed me.&quot;.
6305181772|4.0|Distracting NTSC artifacts are apparretn on even the region 2 version.  A film less than sum of it's parts really with some blinding moments
B000002WYT|1.0|Who's with me?  I don't care if you are not, Dave is horrible. Too much makes me want to cry, it is sooooo bad.  I didn't mind #41 and Two Step, but now they just add to the agony.  Dave is regretably a &quot;college sound&quot; so you have to endure his gnarled, head-spliting, gruesomely over-accentuated voice.  Someone needs to put him to sleep, the poor thing.  I'm glad not many people liked &quot;Everyday&quot;, even hardcore Dave fans... hopefully he will keep this trash up and I will only find his music in the bargan bins, his name under the &quot;where are they now?&quot; files....
B00005LB9O|5.0|&quot;The Invisible Band&quot; is Travis' third,eagerly awaited(by Travis fans, anyways)album.<br />It's a *excellent* one.I'm biased,of course =)<br />The whole album is great,but I would have to say the standout tracks(in my opinion) are:<br />&quot;Side&quot;<br />&quot;Pipe Dreams&quot;<br />&quot;The Cage&quot;<br />&quot;Safe&quot;<br />&quot;Flowers In The Window( *very*  Beatlesque)<br />&quot;Humpty Dumpty Love Song&quot;(the baby crying in the background on HDLS is Neil Primrose's daughter Lola)<br />I also have to give special mention to the bonus tracks on the  US version- bassist Dougie Payne's &quot;Ring Out The Bell&quot; and  guitarist Andy Dunlop's countryish &quot;You Don't Know What I'm Like&quot;<br />These two men haven't had many chances to show off their writing and singing talents up until now so it's nice to see them getting that chance.<br />A fine return to form from a *great* band.The wait for this album was well worth it. I can hear the influence of a lot of bands on this album-The Byrds,the Beatles,Neil Young.In these days when all the modern artists are copying each other,it's nice to see a band that is harkening back to the great bands of the 60's and 70's.but they do it in a very original way.<br />Travis fans  will buy this album,of course,but I really hope  that people who don't know who Travis are discover it as well. They're bound to make some new fans while touring with Dido.
B000002513|5.0|The album title alone is one of the greatest ever.  This is Bruce before the working-class hero/superstar.  The &quot;street poet&quot; cover photo has been ridiculed, but the street poet on the album should never be.  A total chaotic mix of rushing drums, subtly brilliant guitar, swirling wordplay, romantic visions, blaring horns, and towering keyboards.  There's nothing else even comparable in rock &amp; roll.  The second half is one of the most flawless pieces in rock history.  Stick around just for the starry-eyed romanticism of &quot;Sandy&quot;; the perfectly timed drama of &quot;Wild Billy&quot;.  &quot;Rosalita&quot; is one of the downright most energetic, lively things ever recorded (with that great &quot;Well the record label just gave me a big advance&quot;).  There's the beautiful city drama of &quot;New York City Seranade&quot; (Walk tall or don't walk at all) This is an album like nothing else.  Magnificent.
B00005BJ2O|4.0|Moulin Rouge is one of those all around great films.  Being an actor myself and very artistic, the movie appealed to me in more ways than one.  Personally, though, I hate musicals, and while watching them They all seemed to have this corniness that makes me wish i was having a root canal done.  Mouling Rouge is an entirely different story though.  The soundtrack is spectacular (minus the &quot;Lady Marmalade&quot; song, I don't like Christina and company). The soundtrack gives me chills just listening to it, and there is only one problem with it: it is incomplete!  I was very dissapointed to see that a lot of the films songs were cut out.  Maybe the company that produced this CD will release another CD with the remaining tracks on it, or they could just cut out the &quot;Lady Marmalade&quot; track and add a few more songs.  Until then, this CD is great and I highly recommend it!
0790729628|5.0|Thia print was relased in the summer of 97.  It's not bad but is extremely grainy in places.  It mould be nice to see a SE developed from a new fine grain master for 20th year aniversary.  So Ridley if you're out there, carry on the legacy of you're great film and bring us a stunning Blade Runner SE reference release. please!
B0000025KI|5.0|Although it is hard to pick a favorite album out of all his work, this is most definitely one of them!! I believe this is one he made in his &quot;peak&quot;-years and absolutely love the intensity of the songs! Great gift too for the ones that need to get familiar with the &quot;real&quot; Springsteen...
B000002513|5.0|The album title alone is one of the greatest ever.  This is Bruce before the working-class hero/superstar.  The &quot;street poet&quot; cover photo has been ridiculed, but the street poet on the album should never be.  A total chaotic mix of rushing drums, subtly brilliant guitar, swirling wordplay, romantic visions, blaring horns, and towering keyboards.  There's nothing else even comparable in rock &amp; roll.  The second half is one of the most flawless pieces in rock history.  Stick around just for the starry-eyed romanticism of &quot;Sandy&quot;; the perfectly timed drama of &quot;Wild Billy&quot;.  &quot;Rosalita&quot; is one of the downright most energetic, lively things ever recorded (with that great &quot;Well the record label just gave me a big advance&quot;).  There's the beautiful city drama of &quot;New York City Seranade&quot; (Walk tall or don't walk at all) This is an album like nothing else.  Magnificent.
B00003CXRM|4.0|As far as Coen Brothers films go, just to give you a sense of where I'm coming from, I didn't like &quot;Fargo&quot; at all but consider &quot;The Big Lebowski&quot; one of the funniest films ever made.  &quot;Oh Brother Where Art Tho?&quot; is a very funny and entertaining film.  While it won't give you many belly-laughs the way &quot;The Big Lebowski&quot; will, it is a movie worth owning and one that you will certainly want to watch more than one time. The dialogue is rich, the humor is subtle and the film will certainly hold your attention (despite the criticisms of prior reviewers who probably &quot;get into&quot; movies like The Wedding Planner, Bounce and Dirty Dancing). For instance, the first time I saw &quot;Oh Brother&quot; I saw it at midnight after a brutal day of work and had no problem staying awake or focused. It is certainly not boring and offers up a great story intertwined with some excellent music. I strongly recommend renting and/or purchasing it.
B00005ATQD|5.0|How many times does this this film have to be misrepresented?
B00003CXDZ|4.0|Sit me down for a couple of hours to watch Nicole Kidman in skimpy outfits?  Sure!  Add a good story and a creative and enchanting production design?  Excellent.  And the actors sing their own songs.  It's a winner!
B00005JH7D|5.0|Stanley, Larry and Jaco you're all &quot;OK&quot;, but Marcus has taken the bass to another level on this CD.  A wonderful mixture of fine textures, rich melodies and harmonies and some serious old/new school funk.  Those who do not understand the roots and evolution of true funk music will not appreciate this CD.  But  those who understand will truly enjoy. I've always felt that there is something spiritual in Marcus' playing, this becomes more evident on this work of art.
B00004S35Z|5.0|Let me try to be objective here;this was STEVIE's third masterpiece in a row;a great collection of soul,funk and ballads concocted by a master chef.Just remember,1974 was the year disco music really became popular,and this guy was reinventing the dictionnary of soul music.If an artist has deserved every GRAMMY award he ever earned,it is STEVIE WONDER.Few artists have dominated a decade like he did in the seventies;his influence is still being felt today.Everything in that album is of interest,from the funk groove of BOOGIE ON REGGAE WOMAN and the political YOU HAVEN'T DONE NOTHING aimed at NIXON's administration,to wonderful ballads like HEAVEN IS 10 ZILLION LIGHT YEARS AWAY and THEY WON'T GO WHEN I GO.Bying only a greatest hits package is an outrage to this artist.Buy TALKING BOOK,INNERVISIONS,SONGS IN THE KEY OF LIFE and HOTTER THAN JULY and you'll find out why STEVIE matters.AMAZON is waiting to send them to you.What are you waiting for?
0783225970|2.0|The region 1 is disaster, get the region disc it's much better transfer and print quality is the best i've seen for scaface.  good extras on both though.  I wish De Palma would do commentary
6305078564|5.0|If I could own only 1 movie, this would be THE one.  I always feel better after watching it and I have done so way too many times to count. It allows a marvelous writer to shine through to us in another dimension of art and this dimension - the screen, in this movie version of Pride and Prejudice does Jane Austen and her work great credit. I wish the story and movie could go on forever....I would never tire of it.
0375707972|4.0|I bought this book because it was on Oprah's book list.  I found it quite an interesting story, and I really felt connected with the characters.  It was a bit difficult to get past the wordiness of this novel, and found myself skimming some parts.  Deep be the best way to describe this story, and a word of advice...while it is a good book, it's not a good choice when looking for a light-hearted book.
0393316041|3.0|This is one of those pricelss gems that profiles what you REALLY would like to know about one of America's favorite geniuses. The book is essentially all vignettes about how this humble questioner made his way from bellhop, to MIT student, to biologist, to nuclear avatar. In all you'll find yourself wanting to adopt his attitude of being just a little more curious about the world and realizing that if one person can do it--someone else can too!
6304602979|4.0|Not much to say about this, it deserves to be watched about 10 times, it certainly is well cinematogrpahed and stylishly memorable in a early to mid 90's way.  In turns memorable, cruel, decadent, funny, charismatic and distastefull, it stays in the mind, not that it really deserves to though
B00000JJQK|1.0|the beach boys had millions of fans when ps came out, flopping   like a fish. now its the best thing that ever happened, what a joke. its fans say nothing can compare, i beg to differ.lets choose pink floyds dark side of the moon ok?  while ps was still  flopping around, dsotm, from a band few had ever heared of went to number 1 on the charts, was album of the year 73, has sold about 30 million copies, stayed   on billboards top 200 for over 14 years, about twice as long as any record ever made, and is the 2nd biggest selling album on the planet. but sales dont mean anything, they simply mirror what people enjoy listening to.        lets move on to the musicians.    pf contains 4 guys, they cheated and brought in a sax player and   a 5 background singers. the bbs   needed a little help too, so they brought in 25 people. 5 of them guitarists,3 or 4 pianists, three or 4 bass players, etc, etc, wow! i am impressed, cant the bbs play?enough of that, lets get to the music. on ps you get 8 or 9 short (we need hits) love songs, mostly verse/chorus/verse format,call that cutting edge if you must.the title track is dull and lacks direction.then brian woke up, and wrote some great, meaningfull music.they are tracks 3,9,11,13.dsotm has 0 love songs,  none of the songs follow the verse/chorus/verse format. this album is far too groundbreaking for that, the song deal with little things like finding direction in life, overcoming   your fear of death,how greed effects you and those around you. taking care of each other,living in todays culture without conforming or going crazy. no comparison.
B00003CXRM|5.0|After Fargo and The Big Lebowski I wasn't sure what to expect when these guys adapted Homer. The Odyssey is my favorite book, but I wasn't disappointed. A wonderful adaptation in the spirit of Homer but with a whole lot of contemporary American humor. For instance, John Goodman in a one-eyed Klan robe is a hoot. And the music is some of the best you'll ever hear, as it harks back to when Country meant something. Excellent acting, direction, and cinematography applied to an excellent script, based on a wonderful book. You can't go wrong!
B000055ZB8|2.0|DIE Ted Turner!<br />Ted ruined forever our ability to see some movies as they are best seen and remembered.  I don't WANT Nosferatu in color.  I want it in B&amp;W.  Now i have to look for it (already) in used video stores.<br />All is Lost<br />Ricky
B000059ZLH|5.0|...by the best band God ever created. Critics can EMA&amp;B.
0783219172|4.0|Man oh man, was this an odd film. Not as weird as a lot of others I have seen before, but it explored all aspects of the dead and the deadly. It's got slasher stuff, black comedy, dark spirits, crazy murderers....it's a tough one. But it goes so fast that you can't help but follow every second of it. It captivates you right from the start.  Michael J. Fox, though? I never would have thought he'd do this type of film. Still, his positive presence helps the movie along tremendously. The part I liked best about it was fighting and stopping the grim reaper, who was actually the dead murderer Bartlett who had somehow escaped from Hell. This is a very frightening film. I'm not sure why it died once it reached the theaters. Just because it's not conventional doesn't mean it's not good. In fact, it's frighteningly impressive. You might want to get it off TV, though, because I shudder to think of what the deaths would be like if not for (in this case) some merciful television editing.
0060254920|5.0|One of the most enchanting books I have in my collection. Not many words but the illustration and the theme make this book one you will pull out to read even when the kids are asleep. My kids have a paperback copy that has been read so many times it will need to be replaced but I had to get myself a hardcover which I expect I will be reading to my great grandchildren. After every reading my kids have to act out the story lasting a couple of hours giving me a nice break.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|I wasn't sure if I really wanted to buy this CD. I really just wanted the &quot;Lady Marmalade&quot; song. But, eventually, I did buy the CD and I absolutely love it! It's amazing! The songs are fantastic, the music is beautiful, and the singing is great! These people can really sing, especially since they're not really singers. Nicole and Ewan and the rest are wonderful. My favorite songs are &quot;Lady Marmalade&quot;, &quot;Rhythmn of the Night&quot; (which is an awesome remake of the DeBarge 80's hit), &quot;Diamond Dogs&quot;, &quot;Your Song&quot;, &quot;Sparkling Diamonds&quot;, and &quot;Tango de Roxanne&quot; (or something like that, which is an amazing song). Of course, the rest are absolutely wonderful as well. This has to be one of THE best soundtracks I have ever heard. When I listen to it, I feel like I'm actually in the Moulin Rouge. This soundtrack is definitely a classic!!!
B000002HIK|5.0|this album is godly, i've never heard anything more beautiful, and abrassive at the same time.  Each track progresses like a normal song, changing constantly through different meledoies, and by the end, its an entirely different song than what you had begun with, no one does this liked RDJ and this is where he crafted his art.  <br />For those who don't like this as much as RDJ look at Alberto Basalm(the best song he's ever done), Mookid, Acrid Avid Jam Shred, and ICCT Hedral, each are some of the best songs he's ever done.  Each song is engulfed with deep emotion in the atmosphere and melodies he creates.  <br />RDJ is another brilliant work, but i think almost every song on here has a third demension, that a few songs on RDJ have.
B00000DLVA|3.0|It's a new day for swedish pop gods The Cardigans. Be warned, while this is great music, it is not the same sunny, jazzy, danceable pop. While Cardigans lyrics have always been disposed toward darker themes, the music follows along this time, being much more &quot;heavy&quot; than previous albums. Personally, I was very disappointed with the musical content of this release, as after 'Life' and 'First Band On The Moon' I was ready for more of that infectious sound. The Cardigans have however made no secret of their heavy metal roots, possibly explaining this switch.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|Incredible editing, combined with a driving musical score, make this unique, ill fated love story come alive.   Suddenly two hours have passed and the story is over, but the audience is left breathless.  Go see it.  It's marvelous.  Baz Luhrmann has created a whole new style of story telling.  Kidman is gorgeous.  McGregor is sweetly naive and masculine. His eyes show his soul.  The lavish production elements dazzle.  I'd see it again and again and again.
B00005B36H|5.0|Lateralus is, in my opinion, not only the best Tool Album but the best album as compared to that from any other artist. Lateralus can be described as the perfect blend between Tools Earlier work on nima and Undertow. It contains the agression of Undertow and the lyrics of nima, harmonized perfectly with plenty of new qualities. From the soft points in 'Parabol' and 'Reflection' to the body wrenching metal of 'The Grudge' and 'Ticks &amp; Leeches,' this album displays its greatness throughout. Lateralus in my opinion is the most lyrically and musically engaging album in the history of modern music.
B00004R7AP|5.0|This is a video for collectors, fans and anyone who likes acoustic performances. This band is, in my opinion, the greatest. Combining folk, pop and rock they have made a perfect mix. This session took place back in 1999, in which they performed in a perfect harmony along side the orchestra. Little Wing is one of my favorites. The arrangement for this song is simply the best I have heard. Don't miss the chance to enjoy one of the best &quot;unplugged sessions&quot; ever.
B00003CXDZ|1.0|Two of us did not enjoy the movie at all. Came close to walking out on it. It did get better in the middle but I do not recommend this movie.
0679746048|5.0|Girl, Interrupted is a memoir about eighteen-year-old Susanna Kaysen who is put into a taxi and sent off to McLean Hospital. Susanna will spend her next two years at McLean, the rehabilitation center she is sent to after attempting suicide by mixing a bottle of vodka with a bottle of aspirin. During Susanna's stay at McLean she turns the cold, sterile halls of the hospital into the foundation of her writing career. Susanna becomes good friends with many of the girls at the hospital struggling with problems of their own.  This is a deep, compelling memoir, perfect for high school students who are questioning their place in the world.  You won't be able to put this book down after you begin, Kaysen locks you into the head of a young confused girl, trying to find a place for herself outside of the hospital.
B00005B5L4|1.0|This is the only DVD my player hasn't been able to access (of course I tried a 2nd copy).  I do not have a DVD-audio player; however, I can access the Dolby Digital track on all other DVD-audios.  This DVD just sits in my player with &quot;loading&quot; blinking at me.<br />I have a Toshiba 2109... still waiting to hear back from Toshiba customer service on this issue and can't find anyone to contact at WB about the disc.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|Musical theater is my niche and i have basically every soundtrack you can imagine but this one is my current favorite. If come what may isnt one of the most beautiful duets ive ever heard then nothing is.
0790731452|1.0|There are certain things out there you simply cannot make humorous; one of them is the destruction of Earth, Douglas Adams notwithstanding.<br /> If there was ever a movie that needed a &quot;Mystery Science Theater 3000&quot; smart-aleck commentary overlay, this is it.  Nobody is worth rooting for, not the kid who thinks the Martians are making &quot;the international sign of the doughnut&quot; in their initial broadcast to Earth and thinks we should all live in teepees, not the trigger-happy general who gets shrunken by the Martians and then stepped on, not even the senile grandmother who accidentally discovers that Slim Whitman music causes the Martians' heads to explode.  For a film that's supposedly set in the late 1990s, the military equipment featured is from the 1950s.  It's a classic example of what James Blish called the Idiot Plot, and would slap you in the face repeatedly while you watch it if it could.
B00003CXP1|5.0|Requiem is one of the best films I've seen this year.  It's also the most disturbing.  I simply can't get it out of my head.  Though there's not much difference between the video edit (done by larger video outlets in an attempt to water down the movie experience) and the original theatrical release, I would suggest seeing the latter to get an understanding of why the MPAA refused to rate the film. It's not for the faint hearted.   I was surprised by the performances of Jared Leto, Marlon Wayans and Jennifer Connely.  This has to be a career-best for all three.  Who knew Marlon Wayons could act...for real? However, Ellen Burstyn's performance was the definite stand-out.  How in the world did she lose the Academy Award to Julia Roberts?  I've seen both movies, and Burstyn's performance, by far, outshined that of Roberts.  The only conclusion I can make is that the Academy is rigged!  I cannot put into words how I feel about this movie, but I will say that it's not for everyone.  Those who like summer blockbuter-type films will probably not enjoy Requiem, as nothing blows up and the main couple doesn't walk into the sunset.  However, if you love cutting-edge cinema that evokes every emotion humanly possible, this one will work.
B00002R0MC|5.0|This is probably the best collection of the songs of this great &quot;poet and prophet.&quot; It is basically a chronological arrangement of his songs from his earliest releases in  the '60's, through to the '80's. The booklet that accompanies the set gives an excellent,  albeit brief, background to the music, with the stories behind some of the songs. <br />While my personal favorites in the collection are Cds 3 &amp; 4, the music of the 'matured' Marley, Cds 1 &amp; 2 contain those songs that give a sense of the hurried, 'wailing' youngster he was before he settled into the mellow style by which he is remembered.   <br />After listening to all the songs, I was left with a better appreciation of Marley and a deeper conviction that indeed, good music like good wine becomes better with age. <br />A must for every Bob Marley/ Reggae Enthusiast.
0899661351|5.0|this is drunkenly beatific jack kerouac at his maddest, a breathless chronicle of the rise of zen and its influence on the groundbreaking beats.  from his earlier books, kerouac's mind has always focused on similar aspects of this odd life as zen does, namely the 'just-so' and just because of his life (if i get drunked then i get drunked, lets say no more about it). this book is of significance to anyone who wants to hear of a man who understood buddha nature in all its mind bending nakedness.  jack was on it.   please read it, you'll probably cry,failing that, it will kick start you on your journey towards a bright eyed enlightenment, making young girls happy, and old girls happier.  sit down, and bless yourself . . .
0452279488|1.0|For me, this was a painful read.  Pages upon pages of description - definitely enough adjectives to slow the pace, muck up the flow, and irritate the reader.  And for what, I'm not quite sure.  Because there were no themes in the book that warranted such detail, really.  The story line is for lack of a better term - boring.  The main character - unlikeable.  And while I recognize many enjoy this book, I was never so glad to finish a novel and move on to something better.
B0000065O1|5.0|I tried this video after making fun of my friend who is addicted to it.  Surprisingly, I found it to be very effective.  I did it all the way through and was thoroughly sore the entire next day.  I really appreciate all the breaks that she gives and I really feel as though it is working. A very good find!
B00004YKUY|5.0|Steve Perry was an excellent lead singer for Journey! Fortunately, we have a new one and a new Frontier to explore! Get ready for an Incredible Journey, and one wild ride! Augeri does an outstanding job, stepping up to the plate and knocking the ball out of the park! He also sounds like Steve Perry, although he has his own unique, and sophisticated style!   The first song Higher Place is a masterpiece. The power ballads, All the Way, Loved by You, Kiss Me Softly, are romantic, sexy, and red hot. All of the ballads are sensational, have great hooks, and are right up there with Foreigner! The CD also rocks with breath taking keyboard and guitar work from Cain and Neal Schon.   The more one explores Journey's new path, the more one becomes addicted to the songs, and embraces the new sound with open arms.   The CD definitely grows on you, but if you want the old Journey, get out your old CD's and escape. If you do so, you will never arrive and miss an opportunity to experience a great Journey! I like the new path and feel it will only get better!
B00005BJ2O|5.0|After seeing this film I had to rush over the the nearest store to buy the Soundtrak.  The film is a unique show.  It's not your typical movie.  It's like watching a Broadway Show.  The time is Paris, 1900, yet the music meshes music of today in a flawless and romantic style.  I love the music.  I think you will too.  Enjoy...and find happiness through this musical of LOVE.
B000002OG5|4.0|This soundtrack takes you into the movie itself and you can see this is one of the greatest soundtracks of all time. However it is only flawed, due to the fact that &quot;Manhattan Serenade&quot; was missing.
B000002UB3|5.0|This is without a doubt the best album ever recorded! Those who say &quot;Maxwell's Silver Hammer&quot; is a black spot on the album fail to see the humor and satire.  The references to &quot;pataphysics&quot; (invented by the ubiquitous Alfred Jarry) alone raise the song above the purely silly.  <br />The 2nd-half medley is phenomenal.  I love that &quot;Her Majesty&quot; closes out the album because, quite frankly, closing with &quot;The End&quot; would have been too easy.<br />If you don't own this album, you must stop what you are doing immediately and purchase it.  You will not be sorry.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|this was such an awesome movie.......intensely deep and you could totally get into it. I LOVE MOULIN ROUGE AND EWAN MCGREGORS VOICE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0452282152|4.0|Well written historical fiction.Tracy Chevalier brings the reader into the world of a great artist as well as his servent girl. I tried to purchase her 1st novel only to find it had gone out of print. Hopefully the publisher will reprint her first if it is as good as The Girl With a Pearl Earing.
0446677450|5.0|This is a great book that will change your entire perspective on your financial situation.  Though some ideas are controversial, you will realize how wrong you were about things all along that continually held you down such as taxes, investing, coorporations, and the true definition of an &quot;asset&quot; and a &quot;liability&quot;.
0064407667|5.0|I love this book Violet,Klaus and sunny get in so much trouble when they hear the bad news from Mr.Poe and have to to stay with the villain Count Olaf and the sequels are awesome also I can't wait until the eighth book comes out, The hostile hospital.the second,third,fourth,fifth,sixth,and seventh book are awesome it's one serie's of unfortunate events you don't want to miss.
0345350499|5.0|Many reviewers have summarized the plot, so I won't.  But I will say this:  The Mists of Avalon is a great read! I was totally absorbed in the story line and actually asked my husband to please take the kids and leave me alone so I could read!  The book takes on so many things -- change, loyalty, sex, love, intrigue -- and leaves the reader breathless and totally satisfied.  I loved viewing the Arthur legend from the female point of view -- what a wonderful writing device Ms. Bradley employed!  If you are hungry for compelling fiction, buy this book.
B00004YKY0|5.0|THE best music I've listended too for many, many a year, FIVE STARS.  It is soulful and down to earth.  It tells great stories, which is not common at all today.  In my opinion, it is a refined, upscaled beautiful 60s 70s music, he would have fit perfectly.  The talent in the playing is excelent and, to me, the singing superb.  I would recomend this to any one listening to any type of music.  I only very much hope he comes out with similar CDs and music in the future featuring such artists as Nash and Crosby as I think they would fit rather nicely with Mark Knopfler. It sounds as if he could fit with most artists of today in the folk, blues and Irish styles.  TRULY REMARKABLE!
1878424319|5.0|Although it's not the most well-written book, I have to say that this is truly a little gem. So much of this I have heard time and time again, yet never made the effort to put it into practice in my life (and what a small effort I must add!).  This book has changed my thinking (never taking anything personally) and helped me to stop beating up on myself. I have read chapters of this book to friends over the phone going thru crisis and it has touched them as well. It's a great gift to pass along to those you love.
0446677450|5.0|This is a wonderfully written book full of insight that you would otherwise not be aware.  Everyone should read this layperson's guide to a prosperous life.  Take the challenge and let fear eat your dust!
6304415346|5.0|If you like the Borg, you will love this movie. Its none stop action, with a great ending.
B00004ZELJ|5.0|For those who haven't had the treat of seeing BSB live in concert, this is as close as you can get!  Their stage presence and charisma are evident as they sing the songs off their first two albums.  They even take over the instruments for &quot;Quit Playing Games&quot;.<br />A great addition to any BSB collection.
B00003CXDZ|1.0|The movie was loud, the flashes of light hurt my eyes and the plot was predictable.  Save your money and stay at home for this one!!
B00000HZFH|5.0|The first night I heard BTS, it was a Randy Described Eternity kind of night.  I was at a party, sitting on top of a school bus (?!)which had the Ramones spray painted on its sides, looking up at the stars, when I told my friends to shut up so I could hear the record that was blaring.  I needed to completely concentrate on the best music I had heard in a long time.  Keep it Like a Secret was the first time I've ever been completely addicted to a record upon the first listen--I fell in love with Built to Spill from the very first note.  <br />In my opinion, it had the soaring, crunchy guitar of Dinosaur Jr., and the surprisingly intricate changing dynamics and tempos of the Pixies.  When I finally found out which band it was, I bought Keep it the next day.  Loved it so much I bought TNWWL the next day, and Perfect the day after that, and so on.  Keep it Like a Secret is probably my favorite, only because it has Carry the Zero, which, 3 years later I still put on repeat at least once every week.  <br />Sure, they get Modest Mouse comparisons all the time, but I think what makes BTS so fantastic is the innocence captured in Doug Martsch's voice and lyrics.  I mean, I had totally forgotten about taking your shoes off in gym class so that you could play with the parachute (see TNWWL).  Yeah, his lyrics are a bit cryptic, and some find his voice too plaintive, but I love this band.
B00003CXDZ|1.0|The movie was loud, the flashes of light hurt my eyes and the plot was predictable.  Save your money and stay at home for this one!!
0517122707|5.0|This is my favorite book!  I've read it numerous times and it never fails to make me laugh aloud. The main character, Ignatius J. Reilly, is unforgettable: his \\"valve\\", piety, and visions of a canine while masturbating and various other appalling/hilarious peccadilloes will be forever committed to memory.  John Kennedy Toole gives us a penetrative view of the world of the airy intellectual and the natives of downtown New Orleans. The book was published posthumously and my only sense of disappointment is that the author is not around to entertain us with more unique characters and tales. An absolute must read!
B00003CXRP|2.0|Tom Hanks saves this film.  Quite a bit of the problem I had watching the DVD (I did not see it in theaters) is that the plot is so incredibly simple that it has been completely given away in even the simplest of commercials.  I was hoping to see much 'more' in the movie, but felt like I was watching a very long rerun even though I had never seen it before.<br />Helen Hunt is nothing special in this film, could have been anyone in that role.  The actress in the truck at the end of the film showed more acting ability.<br />Luckily, the kids were sound asleep and I had the time to kill.  It was good, but I should have rented instead of bought.  Several shots on the island were spectacular, but they were sandwiched between average shots.<br />The themes were exactly what you expect.  Don't live by the clock, live to your real priorities, don't give up, blah blah.  Great messages, but was not executed well enough to be the foundation of a film.  They seemed trite.
B000002BSV|5.0|The Beautiful Ones must be one of the best pop songs ever, so just because of that you should buy this record, but an addition to this is that the record owns at least ten more songs that keep showing us that Bowie and Roxy Music are two of the must influential bands in the history. You will never forget Brett Anderson's voice. This is glam at its best, maybe just Pulp and Placebo can make what Suede, and an upgrade from Dog man star where sometimes they started to sound lazy. The album its fresh and you will identify the songs easily, all of them have good hooks. I think Suede its one of the best britpop bands and they keep improving with every album.
B00005BJ2O|4.0|I love the movie. I usually really hate musicals. They've just never really grown on me, but the idea of using 20th century songs in a hilarious, drug-induced, bright, colorful, frentic &quot;spectacular spectacular&quot; really made me excited. All of the songs in the movie work really well, especially the unlikely combination of &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot;/&quot;Lady Marmalade&quot; which is sung by Harold Zidler's Diamond Dogs and their patrons. The movie is great. The soundtrack leaves a little more to be desired, but it is still really good. I can't stand either version of &quot;Nature Boy&quot;, it works better within the film. The Rufus Wainwright song is really boring. I love &quot;Children of the Revoulution&quot;, but I am a U2 fanatic and I believe Bono is God. I also like &quot;Your Song&quot;, &quot;Hindi Sad Diamonds&quot; (Listen for J. Leguaizamo in that one), &quot;Because We Can&quot;, &quot;Elephant Love Medley&quot; and &quot;Come What May&quot;. &quot;Lady Marmalade&quot; is not bad, it's really catchy, but the teeny bopper appeal is really irritating. As a whole it's a really creative  CD (It lacks two of the movie's best numbers, &quot;Like A Virgin&quot; and the cast introducing &quot;Spectacular Spectacular&quot; to the Duke) from a really original movie. A CD (and a film) like this doesn't come along very often, so just sit back and enjoy the originality and spectacle of it all.
B00005B4GU|2.0|A lot of radiohead fans have been complaining about the fact that Radiohead has not made another rock album and about the the absence of guitars on the new albums . In response, fans of the new albums (kid A and amnesiac) argue that radiohead fans should be more open minded and accept that music does not require distorted guitars in order to be considered good.  I don't think the problem with the new albums is that they are too dark, electronic, or 'post-rock'.  The problem is that the music is derivative and boring. You could take the songs on these albums, orchestrate them for a rock band, remove all traces of &quot;electronica&quot; and you would still be left with two stale and uninteresting albums (by radiohead standards that is).  The music on Amnesiac and Kid A sounds like a bad rip-off of Aphex twin.  Where Aphex twin is exciting and warped, the new Radiohead is self-concious and lame.  I personally don't care if Radiohead makes another quote-un-quote rock album- electronic music is fine.  But if you're gonna make an arty techno record, do it because you want to create great music, not because you feel obligated to &quot;push the envelope&quot;. These new records don't sound inspired, they sound forced.
B00005A1VH|5.0|Gary Cooper gives an Academy Award-winning performance (Best Actor, 1941) as Sergeant Alvin C. York, a Tennessee hell-raiser-turned-pacifist Christian-turned-war hero. York's journey toward immortality (he received the Medal of Honor for his actions in France) began with a drunken brawl in a Kentucky tavern, and ended when he single-handedly captured 132 German soldiers on the fields of Flanders during World War I.<br /><br />The acting in &#34;Sergeant York&#34; is fabulous.  Cooper is simply superb as the reticent, conscience-stricken York.  He is ably supported by Walter Brennan as his pastor, Rosier Pile;  and Joan Leslie as his girlfriend Gracie.<br /><br />&#34;Sergeant York&#34; is much more than just a &#34;gung-ho&#34; war film; it explores with great sensitivity and relevance (even by today's standards) the eternal human conflict between personal beliefs and public responsibilities.  In my book, this will always rank as one of the greatest films ever to come out of Hollywood.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I haven't stopped listening yet.  However, the lyrics are a bit depressing since it's all about people leaving her -- the story of everyone's life.  Right?
B00000JGHM|5.0|...Those &#34;couple of regular fellows&#34; are Vincent Hanna (played by Al Pacino), a brilliant Detective Lieutenant with the Los Angeles Police Department; and Neil McCauley (played by Robert De Niro), an equally brilliant leader of a gang of professional hold-up men. These are the two main characters in &#34;Heat,&#34; a fabulously acted, written, and directed police drama released in 1995.<br /><br />Billed as &#34;A Los Angeles Crime Saga,&#34; &#34;Heat&#34; is one of the finest crime dramas to come out of Hollywood in a long time. It's the story of two charismatic men on opposite sides of the law, the men who work for them, and the women who love them. With its two superstar co-lead actors (Pacino and De Niro), and an equally outstanding supporting cast, this movie provides nearly three hours of spine-tingling suspense and superb action.<br /><br />&#34;Heat&#34; abounds with fantastic action scenes. The bank heist and the shootout between McCauley's gang and the police, in the immediate aftermath of the robbery, are the two best action sequences in the entire film. I think they rank among the best action scenes in any movie of recent years. As Neil and his crew depart the bank,with tens of millions of dollars in cash stuffed into huge duffel bags slung over their shoulders, and with fully loaded automatic weapons in their hands, Vince Hanna, his detectives, and dozens of SWAT and uniformed police officers (all armed to the teeth with automatic weapons as well) arrive to apprehend them. Gunfire erupts. The ensuing battle, fought over several city blocks, takes on the grim, fiery appearance of urban combat, complete with civilian casualties. This ten-minute long scene is grand in its scope, perfectly executed and positively gripping to watch.<br /><br />The acting in &#34;Heat&#34; is uniformly superb. That's to be expected with two of America's finest actors - Pacino and De Niro - heading the cast. Each of these men play their parts to perfection - Pacino, the angst-ridden, hard-as-nails, slightly burned out LAPD detective, totally dedicated to stopping and apprehending Neil McCauley and his gang; and De Niro, the coldly calculating gang leader - soft spoken, betraying no outward hint of his violent nature, and a man alone in the world.<br /><br />Perhaps the most interesting scene in &#34;Heat&#34; occurs about an hour into the movie, when Vince Hanna and Neil McCauley sit down for a cup of coffee. This scene, recently rated by &#34;TV Guide&#34; as one of the 50 best movie scenes ever, is the first time Al Pacino and Robert De Niro have ever acted in the same scene together. The scene by itself makes the movie worth watching. It's simply a marvelous display of acting. De Niro and Pacino are perfectly natural, each allowing the other actor to display his talents freely, without a trace of ego. There's no dramatic bombast, no verbal pyrotechnics ... simply a couple of &#34;regular fellows&#34; engaged in a low-key conversation just before the action REALLY begins...<br /><br />&#34;Heat&#34; is certainly well worth viewing, and more than once (especially for Pacino and De Niro fans). Most highly recommended.he angst-ridden, hard-as-nails, slightly burned out LAPD detective, totally dedicated to stopping and apprehending Neil McCauley and his gang; and De Niro, the coldly calculating gang leader - soft spoken, betraying no outward hint of his violent nature, and a man alone in the world.<br /><br />Perhaps the most interesting scene in &#34;Heat&#34; occurs about an hour into the movie, when Vince Hanna and Neil McCauley sit down for a cup of coffee. This scene, recently rated by &#34;TV Guide&#34; as one of the 50 best movie scenes ever, is the first time Al Pacino and Robert De Niro have ever acted in the same scene together. The scene by itself makes the movie worth watching. It's simply a marvelous display of acting. De Niro and Pacino are perfectly natural, each allowing the other actor to display his talents freely, without a trace of ego. There's no dramatic bombast, no verbal pyrotechnics ... simply a couple of &#34;regular fellows&#34; engaged in a low-key conversation just before the action REALLY begins...<br /><br />&#34;Heat&#34; is certainly well worth viewing, and more than once (especially for Pacino and De Niro fans). Most highly recommended.
0064431789|5.0|This is the classic of all children's books. I've read it to my two kids so many times we all have it memorized. We're on our second copy because the pages were literally falling out of the first copy.<br />Not only is it beautifully illustrated and written, I think we love this book so much because it captures the joys and fears of childhood so perfectly. <br />Max is a creative, willful child who gets sent to his room without supper. Angry at his mother, he escapes to a fantastic world full of wild but controllable monsters where he becomes the King of All Wild Things. But after a while he longs to return to where &quot;someone loved him best of all.&quot; He finds that, by leaving his supper for him, his mother still loves him.<br />I don't know of any other book that better captures the feelings of being a child (or of being a parent watching your children grow up.)
B00003CXRM|4.0|Very funny and also has a great story behind it.  I won't say it's a must-own, but it is atleast worth one viewing.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|I just got back from seeing \\"Moulin Rouge\\". This has got to be the best movie I have seen in a very long time. When I first saw the previews, I really did not want to go see it, but my girlfriend did. Being the good boyfriend that I am, I took her to see it expecting to get a 2 hour nap out of it. After the movie started, I barely blinked. The special effects and the acting were great, but what really sold the movie to me was the music. Never have I expected 80-90's music blending together to form beautiful music. After seeing it, I ran out and bought the CD. I have already listed to it 5 times, and I have only been home 30 min. Please go see it. A movie like this only comes around once in a blue moon. I am already making plans to go see it again.
0064407667|5.0|I want to start out by saying that all of the Lemony Snicket books are great.  They're funny and interesting.  One of the great things about these books is that they aren't funny in the ways that most books are, if you were just looking for humor in normal places, these books wouldn't be half as good.  However, if you read carefully, you will see how humorous they really are.  Also, things that would be mildly sad in other books are some of the things that make these books good.  Otherwise sad things can even be funny.  As a Harry Potter obsesive, I think that these books aren't quite as good as Harry Potter, but they're close.  They are good books to read while waiting for future Harry Potter books.
0783240503|5.0|&quot;Joseph&quot; is my second fav. Andrew Lloyd Webber musical. The first being &quot;Phantom of the Opera.&quot; THis is a wonderful musical with great songs that the whole family can enjoy. THere is one scene that breasts can be seen, but that is because of lighting and it only happens for a second. Besides that pure family fun.
B00000J7SS|3.0|I am a lover of Miles and of jazz fusion, but the sound on this is very mixed.  I appreciate that Miles was the seminal work in fusion, but this just does not compare to his more traditional sound.  I would prefer to keep Miles associated with &quot;Birth of a Cool&quot; and &quot;Kind of Blue&quot; rather than this.  The sounds are very discordant, often competing, unlike the sounds of the Quintets of his previous sound.<br />Overall, I think there are much better fusion sounds and I would prefer to listen to Miles for what he is best known.
B00005BJ2O|4.0|First let me start off by saying that \\"Moulin Rouge\\" is the best movie out right now. I loved it. That said, I really enjoyed the soundtrack. My favorites are all the songs that Ewan McGregor and Nicole Kidman sang. The rest kind of bites. This CD has the best love songs I have ever heard. Never have I expected to hear 80-90's music blended together to make beautiful melodies. This is on the top 5 of my fav. CD list. First go see the movie, then as the tears continue to fall out of your eyes go....and buy the soundtrack. You wil not be dissapointed.
B00000IOSU|4.0|This is a very good quality recording of some of her most beautiful works.  The only reason I don't give this CD 5 stars is that it lacks much of the feeling of a &quot;Live&quot; recording.  It's almost too clean, there are cross-fades between the tracks, rather than permitting the audience to allow a transition between tracks.  There is very limited concert-sound to the album.<br />Still, she's wonderful, whether live or in the studio, and this is a must-have CD for anyone, regardless of a die-hard fan or a complete novice to her works.  I'm neither, and I'm glad I bought it.
B00003CXDZ|4.0|Even though the setting, charecter development, plot, music, stars and Comedy were great it is not enough to make me forget the tragic ending that ruined the whole film. The film was done very well up until that point. It is especially good to see a movie of this type since there aren't many musicals out there these days. The cast was good as was the plot, and charecter development. But what I think really made it a good movie was the dancing and singing scenes. If you like sad love stories, be sure not to pass this one up !
B00005B4GU|4.0|I don't think I will ever understand Radiohead &quot;fans.&quot;  The media and critics hail Radiohead (and deservingly so) in a way that gets people excited for their new releases.  And when they buy the disc, bright-eyed, handing over their money, huge smiles on their faces, only to run home put it in their CD players and be &quot;let down.&quot;  What do you expect?  &quot;Amnesiac&quot; could have just as easily been &quot;Sgt. Peppers&quot; or &quot;Dark Side of the Moon,&quot; and the same result would have taken place.<br />So, no, I wasn't surprised to read reviews that cried &quot;injustice!&quot; for the band not to release EXACTLY what they expected.  I, for one, am NOT changing my tune about Radiohead being the most innovative, talented, and creative band currently on the planet.  And Amnesiac fits nicely along the other releases of the Radiohead cataloge.  Is it perfect?  No, and get over it....<br />How does the album stand against other Radiohead releases?   I believe that it fits in somewhere after &quot;Ok Computer,&quot; but before &quot;The Bends.&quot;  You probably don't agree with me, but &quot;Kid A&quot; remains first on the list, for no other release has been more dynamic, more creative, more envelope pushing than that 2000 release.  Not only is it the best by the band, but onw of the best in the last decade. Once again, as they did with &quot;Everything in its Right Place&quot; on &quot;Kid A,&quot; they blast off the second disc of the Kid Amnesiac Sessions with a killer keyboard piece, &quot;Packt Like Sardines in a Crushd Time Box.&quot;  Just like most of their track one's, THIS is what I want to hear when I put the album in.  Others that will eventually be Radiohead classics are &quot;You and Whose Army?,&quot; the amazing &quot;Knives Out,&quot; the ironic &quot;Dollars and Cents,&quot; &quot;I Might Be Wrong,&quot; and the current acoustic single, &quot;Pyramid Song.&quot;  I believe this album shows the bands capabilities.  They made this album at the same times as &quot;Kid A,&quot; yet they are two very different albums.  Many editors tied this release as a trip back to the band's roots, of the more accessable days.  But this is NOT &quot;The Bends.&quot;  It sounds more like a hybrid of &quot;Ok Computer&quot; and &quot;Kid A,&quot; and besides, I think the band is done with repeating itself.  Thom Yorke has said that if he can't be different and challenge the band, they may as well give up.<br />So, despite what you think, this album was not made in the 'N Sync-style to please the listener alone.  Radiohead is not writing music to appease you or the media or the critics that hail them musical gods.  If you were let down by this album, fine.  It wasn't made for you anyway.
0140074317|5.0|I'm actually the '17-year old gamer', but I love to read books, too.  This book made a huge impact on me.  I honestly believe it changed me completely...in a good way, of course.  Never before have I read a book so detailed, engrossing, and wonderful.  It's way better than the movies.  The movies are good, but not as good as the book.  As soon as I picked up this book, I was hooked.  Really, I couldn't put it down for a second.  It's a great and imaginative story about a friendless boy who escapes into a fantasy world via an old book.  Michael Ende is one of the best writers ever.  He conveys his messages well, and writes even better.  This book is wonderful, and I think you'd enjoy it very much.
B00001ODHJ|5.0|\\"My name is Ash, and I am a slave\\" is typically how a dramatic film might start, a portent for the meditation on serious matters to come.  Instead, this is the first line of \\"Army of Darkness\\", spoken by former S-Mart worker Ash who, after fighting dread spirits, lopping off his beloved girlfriend-turned-demon's head with a shovel, and being sucked into the past by a time portal, is now be being marched to his death in the Middle Ages.  Poor guy!<br />Ash's delivery of the line, spoken in a resigned, bitter tone, is a hint of things to come.  \\"Army of Darkness\\" is the third film in Sam Raimi's classic \\"Evil Dead\\" series.  While the first film was played for pure scares, the second film's scarefest had a demented humor to it that carries through and becomes the dominant trait of this outing.  <br />The film is more farce than anything else, a \\"Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court\\" for the Mel Brooks crowd with great big helpings of the Three Stooges and the Marx Brothers thrown in for good measure.  Despite the impressive and bedazzling camerawork and effects thrown together by Raimi and company, the film is truly carried by cult film icon Bruce Campbell, whose Ash has a high pain threshold exceeded only by his obtuseness.  \\"Army of Darkness\\" has no end of screwball comedy, requiring a keen comic sense of timing and physical presence.  Campbell delivers on all counts, which is why \\"Army of Darkness\\" is such a fan favorite today.<br />A caveat: I've found, in my experience, that people who like the original \\"Evil Dead\\" are not terribly keen on \\"Evil Dead II\\" and even less so on \\"Army of Darkness\\".  This tends to be because the original film was a legitimate horror movie, whereas \\"Evil Dead II\\" was part-sequel, part-remake, and part-comedy with \\"Army of Darkness\\" as its successor in both spirit and story.  So, for recommendations sake, if you are looking for a true horror film, skip over this and purchase the original \\"Evil Dead\\".  If you are looking for a stylishfilm laced with comedy and horror (and fun all-around), check out \\"Army of Darkness\\" and its predecessor \\"Evil Dead II\\".  Not for all tastes, but definitely the proverbial MUST SEE for all cult film enthusiasts.
B00004VW0V|5.0|I purchased this CD re-release about 4 years ago, perhaps a different mix than the one referred to by Mr Vincze in his review.  My CD version sounds just like the original vinyl release without the scratches.  I own all except 1 or 2 releases by CS and saw him perform live twice.  I care nothing about his spiritual quest, but his work is some of the greatest in all of pop music. Foreigner Suite is my favorite of all Cat's albums, followed by Numbers.  This was a great musical experiment.  I was in dis-belief the first 3 times I listened to the cut &quot;Foreigner Suite&quot;.  I couldn't believe that such a wonderful, musical, joyful, intense and l-o-n-g cut had been released by a major artist.<br />Foreigner and Numbers are very different from his great commercial albums (Tea &amp; Teaser) but if you are a Cat fan you should give these albums a chance.<br />This CD rates in my top-10 &quot;desert island essentials&quot;.
B00003CXQX|5.0|Rumor has it that Disney had originally planned a typical Disney epic movie with gorgeous scenery and marvalous characters and a grand story.  They got as far as the gorgeous scenery and the idea was (thankfully imho) scrapped.  So they decided to use the lovely scenery and had a bit of fun.<br />The result is a highly amusing film with a little bit of a moral (the not being selfish thing for Kusco) and a lot of slapstick comedy.<br />I highly recommend this film.  Suitable for children while still entertaining the adults.<br />Of course, we never do find out why the villainess had that switch!
6302000823|5.0|What can I say? this is the work of a master in film music. It's amaizing that the best melody of the album was written by Morricone's son. This is a must in any soundtrack collection.
B00005B5L4|5.0|This is absolutely the best DVD Audio disc that I've heard yet!  (Aaron Neville's Devotion is a close second)  I'm not going to waste your time by rehashing the music, this is a disc that finally has gotten the DVD Audio mix right.  Vocals and acoustic guitars sound luminous, the surrounds are perfectly balanced with an agressive mix (think Eagle's Hell Freeze's Over DTS).  If you want to hear the state of the art, start here.  FYI, skip the Doors, Deep Purple, and Foreigner--all pretty worthless.
0553208845|5.0|Hermann Hesse's Siddhartha is a must for anyone curious about Buddhist thought.  The story of Siddhartha's spiritual journey from Brahmin to Samana to businessman to himself is so profound that it feels strange for me to recall the times before I'd read it.  Once you've been exposed to this beautiful spiritual fable that questions everything from the self to ascetiscm to enlightenment itself, you can't forget it.
0767836286|5.0|This is an intelligent and compelling look at our government and how it has given birth to the Tim McVeigh's of the world.  Things are not always what they seem or what our mass media tells us.  This film is a wake-up call.  All the performances are great, and this is the film which made me take notice of Joan Cusack.  Watch the subtleties of her work. I was thrown off momentarily by 2 different red Ford Contours, but this was only a film-makers error, and they are meant to represent the same car.  I was disappointed that they did not address this error in the DVD commentary.
B00005LB9O|4.0|If you've ever seen Travis live, you know that they really seem to enjoy making music.  Even the somber tracks on &quot;The Man Who&quot; are performed on stage with real energy.  &quot;The Invisible Band&quot; is a sunnier album than &quot;The Man Who,&quot; but without the raucus, exuberant energy of &quot;Good Feeling.&quot;  Travis have grown up and matured, and it is evident from the first listening.  Overall, I really like TIB, despite a few cringe-worthy lyrics (I love you so/Let's watch the flowers grow).  The banjo on &quot;Sing&quot; and &quot;Flowers in the Window&quot; adds a nice touch.  I like every track on this album, but &quot;Pipe Dreams&quot; is probably my favorite.  It will be interesting to see if Travis decides to change direction with their next album, but for now, I have no complaints, because they are making great music!
B00000JGEF|5.0|I`ve seen \\"Predator\\" many times on TV and on rental vide.More than 20 times.(Yes ,yes!) I LOVED IT. If you like aliens and another monsters coming from the space this is **the movie** you MUST have.I like this SO MUCH,I decided to buy it so I can watch it whenever I want.
0767836324|5.0|This movie did not get a lot of recanission but it was directed by one of the best. Had the biggest set ever and the acting was great. The way steven speilburg directed this movie was like non other.
B00003CXDZ|3.0|At times, it was too much to take in...most notably, the first 15 minutes, immediately prior to Nicole Kidman's entrance from high above the Moulin Rouge's dancefloor.  The flyby editing, the varied film speeds, and the retina-overload of color and art direction made me dizzy.  <br />Thankfully, the entire film is not that quick or excessive, but the intermittent musical numbers do tend to flirt with the same look and feel. Even the 20th Century Fox logo at the film's start is given a new visual for the film--quite cleverly done, however, sometimes this film seems a bit too self-congratulatory about how clever it is trying to be with all its sights and sounds and stolen one-liners from cheesy pop ballads from the 70s and 80s. &quot;Love is like oxygen, love is a many-spendored thing, love lift us up where we belong, love is lifting me higher, and I will always love you...&quot;  Cute, the FIRST time it's done, after that, it borders on embarrassing.<br />What impressed me most after the sights were the sounds--I don't believe Elton John's music has received such a blatant plug since last year's Almost Famous by Cameron Crowe.  This time around, the song of choice is &quot;Your Song&quot; and everyone gets their chance to sing it by film's end.  Also, the ridiculously overplayed new version of &quot;Lady Marmalade&quot; is well utilized, as well as &quot;Like a Virgin&quot;, &quot;The Sound of Music&quot;, &quot;The Show Must Go On&quot; and other equally shocking ecclectic selections from all imaginable genres of music.<br />As for the dancing, however, our leads of Nicole Kidman and Ewan McGregor aren't seen doing much, and when they are dancing, they are filmed high up to avoid the camera's glaring eye on their footwork.  I'm not quite sure how Nicole's dance injury was so heavily publicized as she didn't do a great deal.  Plenty of dancing happens, yes, and one scene involving the Police's classic &quot;Roxanne&quot; is quite emotional, but does not involve our stars.  I guess it was enough to get Nicole to do her own singing, which she handles quite nicely.<br />Jim Broadbent and John Leguizamo are standouts among the cast, but don't expect a novel story or even a non-predictable plot.  This film is purely for over-the-top production values--costuming, art direction, visual effects, editing, cinematography, sound, music, you name it...just not screenplay.  In my book, if you don't have an engaging story, really, what's the point?<br />The story is touted SEVERAL TIMES as a &quot;story of beauty, truth, and freedom, but above all, love.&quot;  Enough already!  By the eighth time I'd heard this, I was craving some REAL dialogue!  Even the very end of the end credits makes it a point of proclaiming this ONCE MORE, just in case the viewer missed it any of the other times during the two hour film.<br />Like director Baz Luhrman's other well known work, 1996's William Shakespeare's Romeo + Juliet, the visuals take precedence over everything else.  That film received an Oscar nomination for its art direction, and I would be my early guess Moulin Rouge would receive nominations in that category as well as costume design.  <br />Final word:  see it to &quot;SEE&quot; it.  The gentlemen will most likely not like it; the ladies will like the &quot;prettiness&quot; of the sights.  This overload of sights will best be enjoyed on the big screen in the cinema, so don't wait for this to come to rental--see it now to be fully enveloped in the experience.
0767903862|5.0|This book is pure fun.  When i read the reviews of those few who gave it 1 star, I couldn't believe that they actually read the book.  It's not a heavy book, not a travel book, but highly entertaining and highly recommended for reading at the beach  or similar place.  Makes me want to go down under someday too.   Don't read it if you don't have a sense of humor.  Everyone else will smile when they read it.
0553266306|4.0|The Day of the Jackel is a fascinating look into the mind of an assassin. &quot;The Jackel&quot; kills not to fulfill a vendetta, but rather his bank account (in Switzerland, where else?). The intense preparation - identity, location, weapon - are described so throughly by Mr. Forsyth . . . it makes one wonder how he got all this information. Perhaps a tall, blond, Englishman with a love for expensive suits, afternoon tea, and only the finest luggage? Anyway, this delve into French history is an excellent read. The pace is hindered by a slow, somewhat tedious beginning but the second half is very enjoyable.
B000002U82|5.0|This CD is a must have. I have listened to it thousands of times. It is so complex and amazing. If you watch Wizard of Oz start the cd after the second ROAR and the movie will be completely sincranized with the movie. INCREDIBLE!
B000050XEI|4.0|Enya's music is so very good, I wish everyone could hear it. It is different. It has her unique personal sound in every piece. There is a flowing, almost solemn majesty and there is a deep rich joy. It is music for a person of wide and varied tastes, who makes their own decisions. The sheer beauty of her voice carries much of it, but the words and orchestration are also excellent. Only little problem, sometimes I wish there were a few more instruments in the mix.
0385335482|4.0|Sophie Kinsella's &quot;Confessions of a Shopaholic&quot; was a funny and charming novel.  Becky Bloomwood is perhaps more common than most people will want to admit.  She knows she ought to stop spending money on &quot;things&quot;, but just can't find the solution to her problem.<br />One of the most delightful sequences has got to be when Becky purchases a copy of &quot;Controlling Your Cash&quot;.  Her intent is to use it as a guide to saving money.  If only that were the case!  Her rationale for all the purchases that follow are hilarious.<br />My favorite part of the novel is when she reads that she can make a homemade curry, rather than go out for one, for under 2.50 pounds.  By the time Becky purchases a brand new pan and all the ingredients for her curry it comes to something like 72.28 pounds!  (I'm familiar with that!  Isn't that always the way?)  The tragically hot results of her curry make for fun reading as well.<br />The surrounding cast are fleshed out beautifully and have their own unique personalities.  There are a few segments where the narrative slows down a bit, however, it does not take away from the delight of this story.<br />We can only speculate what some of Becky's replies to her bill collector's were in this novel, as we only get to see their letters to her.  The letters from the bank and creditors are quite funny.<br />This is a great summertime novel.
B000002KDI|5.0|I'm a chinese younger.maybe my english has some fault.but,what i want to say is,neil is my favourate artist.though the time of listening neil's music is short,i have many of his record.i think this live album is his best.of course,weld \year of horse\rock road(i don't have this)is good too.but only heavy side be expressed in the three live,this one have both heavy and mellow side of neil.only neil at this time is greatest.that is not excellent haven't one of two side. last words,neil is always my idel.always!
B00005K2UF|5.0|Influenced by the Manhattan Transfer, not to mention hints of The Hi-Lo's and Take 6...a sound that is very contagious to say the least.  Taking all the material from the pop and jazz genres, on this album we hear more traditional and standard tunes.<br />Their leader Darmon Meader (who also plays a mean tenor sax)  joined by his rhythm section...consisting of Peter Eldridge, Lauren Kinhan and Kim Nazarian make up the New York Voices...with a harmony that is pure and clean as new fallen snow.  Putting together some of the best songs from great composers ~ Ellington, Mercer, Prima, Carmichael and Goodman, just to name a few.<br />Of course the stand outs ~ &quot;SMACK DAB IN THE MIDDLE&quot;, with a big band as their backup, reminisicent of the '40s...&quot;EARLY AUTUMN&quot;, change of pace with a Johnny Mercer classic...&quot;AIN'T NOBODY HERE BUT US CHICKENS&quot;, swing is the name of the game, as the Lauren and Kim strut their stuff.<br />We all had a swinging time, thanks to ~ Elliot Scheiner (producer), Glen Barros &amp; John Burk (executive producers), Concord Records who always puts quality into every release...special thanks to the playful, powerhouse and joyful singers known as the ~ NEW YORK VOICES!<br />Total Time: 63:22 on 14 Tracks ~ Concord Records CCD-4961-2 ~ (2001)
1559408898|4.0|I love the Criterion Collection and own about 3/4 of them and this movie is no exception to the Criterion rule. Some great features like WIDESCREEN, commentary (very interesting), making of (written - no featurette), but mixed in... STEREO??? One of the great things about DVD (especially sci-fi DVD) is amazing sound, which this completely lacks. I personally was disappointed in that. But once I got over my sound issues I LOVED the explict unrated, ultra-violent version of this film. Speaking of which, this first scene with ED-209 killing what's-his-name is AWESOME!! So wonderfully violent! A great addition to Criterion.
0780020685|5.0|SEVEN SAMURAI is one of the greatest movies ever made, but I believe classifying this as a &quot;samurai&quot; film does it an injustice.  It is a precisely crafted film that reveals more with each viewing, a film that is not about action, but rather about selfless bravery, perserverance, fraternity, and the things that make a man.  <br />There is simply no amount of praise for SEVEN SAMURAI that could ever be deemed excessive.  Perhaps THE burning building film.<br />For those who have yet to see it (lucky you!), DO NOT watch the trailer first.  Major spoilers there.  Actually, perhaps the luckiest viewer would be the one who is watching it for the umpteenth time over a span of several decades.<br />&quot;Hire hungry samurai,&quot; and buy it now!!!!!
B000050FEN|5.0|This particular movie/DVD is ultra-awesome! The story and/or moralistic value of seven is enlightening, even though Brad Pitt is in it. Nevertheless, Brad Pitt practically plays himself, a superficial cop (minus the cop) who thinks the insane are plumb insane with no further intellect. Sorry, a anti-Brad Pitt rant. Anyway, you wouldn't be thinking about buying the DVD if you haven't already seen the movie, so here's the cool stuff: The extras in this dvd set are amazing! This is one of the rare DVDs that actually allows you to see the restoration process and even allows you to choose between the two!! They did so much work in remastering this film, unlike a lot of DVDs out there that have the lable &quot;remastered&quot; and actually aren't. You get 4 (oh sure, FOUR!) very cool/informative commentary tracks including one with David Fincher, choices between SEVERAL audio options; including DTS ES Discreet 6.1, yes... 6.1!! You also get deleted scenes that are interesting and not some extra shot of someone staring off into the corner before the scene that was actually in the movie. You get to change audio mixes for the opening sequence which really rocks and what-not. Plus, to top it off, you get a plethora of DVD-ROM (not Range Of Motion for all you physical therapists out there) stuff. Buy the DVD and get CREEPY!
6304795254|4.0|I prefer this movie in its blatant psychological manipulation of the viewer to &quot;The Sixth Sense&quot;. This was also the first movie I saw with Deborah Kara Unger in it and I just wish she would make more movies. Here she has to act innocent bystander/femme fatale/con woman/ and back to innocent again. Amazing performance and well worth the price of a ticket.
0812550706|5.0|I read this book 7 years ago and it has stuck with me to this day.  I just recently realized that it was my favorite book and I reread it to figure out why.  Orson Scott Card's writing style is smooth and easy, walking the reader through the story of Ender, up until the point of destroying the character and rebuilding him anew.  It is a beautiful book.
1577311523|5.0|I found the Power of Now almost one year ago and have practiced it intensively since that time, including listening to most of the audiotapes and seeking out many workshops in order to be in the presence of this remarkable human whom I have come to love very deeply.  <br />I have talked to numbers of people who come to see him, many from strikingly different religious or spiritual paths, but all claim that Eckhart speaks the truth of their own path. He cuts right through to the essence of all spiritual teachings.  Buddhist, Christian, A Course in Miracles...it doesn't matter.  All can claim his teaching as their own.  <br />My year has been full of consistent, wonderous internal transformation.  Eckhart describes exactly what will happen, and it does. He knows the process, the roadblocks so well, there are few surprises.  And even with the aching longing to be permanently transformed, the practice itself, as he tells us, is beautiful.  Full of wonder, really, at watching your Self unfold.<br />But in order to get the most out of these simple &quot;practices&quot; you have to recognize this book's signifance and make it the most pressing priority of your life.  Trust every word this gentle teacher tells you, for he speaks from the deepest possible truth. It is necessary not only for your own personal joy, but for that of your suffering brothers.
078324228X|5.0|This is one of the most powerful films I have ever seen in my nearly 15-year-long life.  It is the true story of Rubin &quot;Hurricane&quot; Carter, and how he was put in jail for a murder he didn't commit.  The boxer's autobiography, called &quot;The Sixteenth Round&quot;, soon began selling, and it had a strong influence on a young highschooler by the name of Lesra Martin.  Lesra and his caretakers then go through a long, exhausting battle for justice in order to set the boxer free.<br />This film has a nearly perfect script, with some of the best movie quotes ever, like &quot;Hate put me in prison, love's gonna bust me out&quot;, &quot;I have committed no crime, crime's being committed against me&quot;, &quot;I'll always be The Hurricane, and The Hurricane is beautiful&quot;...okay, I'll stop there.<br />Another great aspect: the acting!  Denzel Washington is absolutely stunning in the lead role.  He really knows how to be very emotional during very emotional scenes.  Vicellous Reon Shannon is also a welcome newcomer as Lesra Martin, and I can't wait to see him in another movie.<br />This movie is quite long, and the story may feel a little slow-paced.  But if you find yourself getting restless while watching this movie, this is not your kind of movie.  You're just not patient enough to enjoy these kinds of movies.  You probably prefer mindless comedies or fast-paced action, rather than slow and touching drama.  <br />Bottom Line: Watch &quot;The Hurricane&quot;.  It will blow you away!  (no pun intended)<br />P.S. I must give credit to Ryan Capuano for his excellent review on this marvelous movie.  If I had not read his review, I would never have seen the movie, and therefore this review would never have seen the light of day.
B00000J7SO|4.0|If you believe the AMG (AllMusic Guide) review of this album, Dylan did yet another critical blunder with this      proving to be something of a mixed bag, with the big band arrangments, backing vocals, and horn section working      in opposition to the very dense lyrics that this album portrays. It seems that the critics have a heyday with Dylan's      later output, and while some of it is drek, a lot of it is underrated, even the generally panned 1980s output (mostly      EMPIRE BURLESQUE), and this is no exception.  <br />It's rather obscure to the casual listener, with only the first track and perhaps &quot;Senor (Tales of Yankee Power)&quot; will be known.  But it's a solid album.  Dylan created a very distinct sound for this album, a sound I personally dig.  Some noteworthy tracks?  Right this way!  <br />     The biggest problem with this album comes in the form of Dylan himself. When you've had a forty year career, as      one other reviewer pointed out, lesser albums which would be studied had they been in another band's      discography is pushed to the wayside to get to the real meat (with Dylan his 1960s output). You could listen to all      the officially released Dylan albums and not get finished in a day. With a body of work it tends to obscure the      lesser gems, which is a shame because this is a particularly pleasing album.<br />     Dylan's biggest pet peeve, or one of them anyway, is being pigeoned-holed. Every album has its own atmosphere,      and this is no expection. AMG says that &quot;Coming off the twin peaks of BLOOD ON THE TRACKS and      DESIRE,&quot; this album proved to be something of a disappointment. But I disagree. Personally, I prefer this over      DESIRE. Although DESIRE may have hit bigger highs it also hit some really LOW lows, especially &quot;Romance in      Durango&quot;. It has the weirdest atmosphere of ANY Dylan album, and then this transform the world-music style of      DESIRE into a very professional sounding big band release.<br />     With this ablum, it starts out with one of his better latter songs, &quot;Changing of the Guards&quot;. For this listener, it      stands as the favorite Dylan song to sing along too, trying to reach the highs the backup vocals do. Although often      criticised for backup vocals, here it works. &quot;Senor (Tales of Yankee Power)&quot; is another track often cited as the      best on here, and it does have a very enticing power too it, creating a very interesting atmosphere, moody and      distant, with his lyrics transforming his voice into a snake-like monster, creating a spell for you.<br />     &quot;New Pony&quot;, &quot;True Love Tends to Forget&quot;, and &quot;Is Your Love in Vain&quot; tends to drag the record down just a bit,      but they're still strong tracks in their own right. But after you listen to them again, you soon realise these tracks fit      into the atmosphere Dylan wanted to create on this record. Taken out of this context, they seem somewhat      strange, but with this it fits perfectly into the mood, although I'm not a real big fan of them. The best line is &quot;I had a      pony, her name is Lucifer, how much longer?&quot;, and &quot;Is Your Love in Vain&quot;, which Mark Prindle follower George      Starastin (who has since become a good reviewer in his own right), says this is the best track on here, though I      tend to disagree.<br />     For my money, the most interesting track on here is &quot;No Time To Think&quot;, which very cool lyrics and nice      insturmentation. For this listener, the three core songs of this are &quot;Changing&quot;, &quot;Senor&quot; (which, though good and I      acknowledge its greatness, for some reason like the others on the samel level), &quot;No Time to Think&quot;, and &quot;Where Are You Tonight? (Journey Through the Dark Heat)&quot;. I like to turn this album on, put it on repeat, and play this computer game called      Profitania.<br />     And for those of you who wonder why he turned to Christainity, he seems rather depressed here. And for all you      blues fans and Led Zeppelin fans, Dylan sings about the juice running down his leg on &quot;Where Are You Tonight?      (Journey Through Dark Heat)&quot;, singing about the forbidden fruit.<br />     Get it!<br />     As Dylan says, &quot;her worst is better than best!&quot; Well, perhaps not. KNOCKED OUT LOADED and DOWN IN      THE GROOVE are terrible.
0385501560|3.0|The book begins with this warning:  &quot;If you're going to read this, don't bother.&quot;  This book &quot;is a stupid story about a stupid little boy.&quot;  And many should follow that advice.  The book revels in sexual addiction, fantasies, and mental illness in a way that few will find a happy experience.  The story itself is very self-indulgent, because the core theme of the book did not need to be so filled with unpleasant scenes and language.  I graded down the book for the degree that this takes place in ugly thoughts and deeds that were not essential to the story's development.<br />On the other hand, the character development of Victor Mancini, the anti-hero in Choke, is masterful.  Mr. Palahniuk has taken on quite a challenge, and pulled it off very well.  As someone who loves character development, I was impressed.<br />If you enjoy the type of humor in the book, savage parodies of our sex-symbol-filled society, you will find yourself laughing aloud in many places.  My favorite was the section about hypnosis.<br />The novel evolves through an alternating combination of flashback and narration of what is occuring in the current time.  Obviously mixed in with the currrent narration are fantasies of an extreme nature, usually involving sexual relations.  The flashbacks relate to a little boy whose Mother moves erratically in and out of his life.<br />Victor Mancini is a drop out from medical school who now works at Colonial Dunsboro where he pretends to be an Irish indentured servant from the 18th century.  His Mother, Ida, is in a nursing home suffering from Alzheimer's, and Victor is her guardian.  Since the $6 per hour he makes at Colonial Dunsboro doesn't pay for much nursing home care, he supplements his income by pretending to choke in restaurants.  He does this with great panache until someone saves him.  The grateful hero often wants to stay in touch, often sending some money to help Victor out.  Do this often enough, and you can pay for nursing home care.<br />However, it's complicated because his Mother doesn't quite recognize him any more, and she's stopped eating.  What should he do?<br />Much of the story development will strike you as needless repetition, yet it is all carefully calculated . . . so be patient.  If you make it all the way to the end, you will like the book and the story much better.  In fact, you may find that you will want to read the book a second and third time to rethink what you believed during your first reading.  Pay close attention as you go.<br />After you read this story, you definitely should think about why you do what you do.  How much of it is simply a cry for love?  Can you find better ways to earn and enjoy love?  Perhaps.  It's worth exploring.<br />May you enjoy even more love than you give.  Be generous!ursing home care.  <br />However, it's complicated because his Mother doesn't quite recognize him any more, and she's stopped eating.  What should he do?  <br />Much of the story development will strike you as needless repetition, yet it is all carefully calculated . . . so be patient.  If you make it all the way to the end, you will like the book and the story much better.  In fact, you may find that you will want to read the book a second and third time to rethink what you believed during your first reading.  Pay close attention as you go.   <br />After you read this story, you definitely should think about why you do what you do.  How much of it is simply a cry for love?  Can you find better ways to earn and enjoy love?  Perhaps.  It's worth exploring.<br />May you enjoy even more love than you give.  Be generous!<br />
B00003CXAR|5.0|JAWS stands as one of Hollywood's most important moments, being a certified blockbuster and ushering in the age of big thrills and terrible monsters.  Although monsters had been around a long time in the movies, Spielberg, with this being only his second theatrical release (following the commercial flop THE SUGERLAND EXPRESS, although critically it stands as a very fine moment in Spielberg's career), wisely tempers the monster with a first rate story and an uncanny sense of realism.  As he has only had one directorial film theatrically behind him and one TV movie called DUEL, this stands as even more impressive.<br />Although shooting this film soon progressed into a nightmare, with the budget ending up past the 10,000,000 mark, and the fear that this would be a failure, made Spielberg very conscious of the fact that if this was not handled correctly it would abruptly end his career.  Dreyfuss got lost at sea for several hours, and the ocean did not want to cooperate.  The shark, nicknamed  Bruce, only gave the crew more problems.  After all the footage had been completed, what did Spielberg do?  He wisely cut out all of the scenes where you actually see the shark and instead built suspense around the unseen creature.  This adds greatly to this movie, because had he allowed the audience to see the shark until the very last battle it would have greatly hampered their suspension of disbelief.  When we finally do see the shark, we realise it's a mechanical shark, but by this time it doesn't really matter because Spielberg has succeeded in scaring us out of the water anyway.  <br /> Indeed, this film had such effect on the swimming habits of the USA that it literally scared droves of people out of the water.  That is a credit to Spielberg.  The story is grisly and realistic in setting and tone, although when you know the true habits of sharks you realise this is very uncharacteristic of them and they would not behave that way in nature.  But to Spielberg's credit, thisdoes not matter.  He meticulously crafts this to be a first rate thriller, and this, along with STAR WARS two years later, would pave the way for what is now called popcorn blockbusters.  Its influence on the movie industry cannot be overestimated, as it essentially invented the phenomena of &quot;blockbusters&quot;, and, according to AllMovies.com, was the first movie to return 100,000,000 dollars to its studio.<br />Just so Spielberg doesn't get all the credit, the cast turns in a great performance as well.  Robert Shaw makes a wonderful Quint, who adds that local colour to the movie, and the interaction between Sheider and Dreyfuss works magic on the screen as one who loves the water and sharks and the other who hates it.  The mayor also stands as a good post-modern character, who, although he can be viewed as a man with dubious character, is acting in the best sense of the town, or so he thinks, garnering both sympathy and dislike as well.  Truly a suspenseful movie and very well-made movie..   It also shows what a talented movie-maker can do when the technology is not there to support his vision of what the movie should be.  And it also proves that technology (read STAR WARS: EPISODE I) proves no substitute for skillful movie making and a first rate story.  <br />P. S.  The DVD version adds some nice tidbits, but nothing real substantial.  Of interest is a deleted scene between Roy Scheider and his wife, played by Lorraine Gary.  Other than that, it is nice to watch it in wide-screen format.  <br />P. P. S.  I don't know how this happened, but I forgot to mention John Williams, who has scored several of the top grossing films in our culture.  Although most will not know anything other than the classic theme, Williams turns in yet another great score.  Everyone who knows even a little about movies will recognize the main theme.  Kudos, John.
0784011176|5.0|A temperamental, mute German (?) woman travels to remote New Zealand with her daughter and her beloved piano for an arranged marriage. She has problems adjusting to her new surroundings, possibly because her husband refuses to carry her piano, her sole means of communication, from the shore to their new house. A neighbor offers to bring it up, in return for some lesons, and a love triangle develops....<br />This movie has a very original story line, good characters, and very good acting that bring up the best in the movie. The soundtrack is terrific, and combines very well with this movie since this is Ada's voice and her only way to express herself, even if she is miosunderstood by the surrounding society. This movie is especially worth watching for all music lovers out there!
B0000024RZ|4.0|Coming off the heels of what is now considered one of the single most important releases from the 1960s canon of music, THE TIMES THEY ARE A-CHANGIN', with only the title cut reaching the classic feel of THE FREEWHEELIN' BOB DYLAN, seems a bit of a let down. <br />All of Dylan's albums have a certain feel, a certain atmosphere that he works for (even the critically panned 1980s output), and this is no exception. (Even though Led Zeppelin is largely credited to perfecting the art of the album, Dylan was there long before they were, with each of his albums having their own distinct aura and atmosphere.  ....)  Dylan plods through 10 cuts, every one of them so depressing ...as does the protagonist of the second cut on this record, Hollis Brown.  Gone are the humourous edges Dylan had tempered in his works.  Now, only the deep morose of a world gone wrong stands out.  As I read once, this does not seem to be a natural extension or progression of what Dylan was doing.  My own thoughts are he had to go through the folk-protest movement and then go on to rock'n'roll, to go through just one more persona and then cut it away.  ....<br />The only problem with this album is its protest songs seem rather forced.  Here, it seems rather self-conscious.  ....THE TIMES THEY ARE A-CHANGIN' stands as one of those records you must take in small doses, because if you don't depression will rule the your world.  Its overall feel becomes very restricting, and, as this is a protest album, Dylan reaches his goal with this record.  ....There are some great compositions here, with \\"One Too Many Mornings\\" standing out (recast in the famous \\"Royal Albert Hall\\" bootleg and containing the very memorably lyric: \\"and everything I'm a sayin', you can say just as good, you're right for your side and I'm right from mine\\").  Even now, he is already hinting at his break from the folk scene, like his subconscious now he can't stay in the protest folk scene for long.  Another song I really dig is \\"A PawnIn Their Game\\", with a nice rhyme scheme going.  \\"Boots of Spanish Leather\\" and \\"When The Ship Comes In\\" are also good, although the former is a rewrite using the same melody as the superiour \\"Girl from the North Country\\".  The rest, especially the lengthy \\"With God on Our Side\\", are standard folk protest songs, save the title cut which rises to greatness, and \\"Lonesome Death of Hattie Carol\\", which becomes a memorable cut in its own right.  One of the most memorable lines from \\"God On Our Side\\" is the line about Judas having God on his side.  The song dates itself with the Russian paranoia, and for some odd reason Dylan chose this to include on his MTV UNPLUGGED record, and did not include the BLONDE ON BLONDE number floating out there in mp3 land, \\"Absolutely Sweet Marie\\".   The last cut stands as his restless farewell, and becomes one of the first cuts in Dylan's long lines of the last number on his records having special significance.  <br />For those who read the amazon.com review, saying this is just as world-weary as TIME OUT OF MIND, this is true in one sense.  But when you listen to THE FREEWHEELIN' BOB DYLAN, the album immediately before, and ANOTHER SIDE OF BOB DYLAN, the album immediately after, you can tell Dylan still has hope for life and a vital sense of humour helps him relate to the world.  But with TIME OUT OF MIND, he has lost his humour completely and honestly and is just ready for it to be all over with.  <br />Bottom line:  Really depressing, very angry folk protest album, and of all Dylan's 1960s work, excepting his debut, is the worst of the 8 albums comprising his body of work during this decade.  It would have benefited had some humour leavened the very deep morose predominating this work, but then the point would have been taken away.  Worthy addition to any Dylan collection, although not nearly as listenable as his other 1960s work (again, excepting his debut).
6304806426|2.0|Maybe I disliked this movie so much because of the 'hype' built around it as such a great movie, which I've greatly heard about before seeing it, while I had a hard time sitting and watching it, trying to distinguish it from all other on screen love stories. The title of this review says it all: the story of the patient is predictable, and there is not one original scene or situation in this movie that you cannot find in other romantic films.<br />The reason this movie deserves 2 stars is the superb acting, which is the only reason I can understand why this movie was made up to be such a great film. I just wish this set of actors and actresses would find a script to fit their great talents next time!
B00005BJC7|5.0|Por su propia voluntad extraviados en la experimentacin electrnica, Radiohead nos entrega un disco que quizs decepcione a sus viejos fans, pero que abre un inslito abanico de posibilidades para el futuro del grupo. Amnesiac no es un lbum tan intenso y perfecto como OK computer, ni tan angustiante como Kid A, pero contina comunicndonos un plcido terror metafsico. Para combatir la inhumana tecnologa que agobia a nuestra sociedad (capaz de clonar nuestra miseria existencial), Radiohead humaniza la tecnologa electrnica:  convierte los sintetizadores y las cajas de ritmos en instrumentos tan impredecibles como el corazn humano. Tan lejos de la monotona dance o house, como de los clichs rocanroleros, Tom Yorke y Radiohead se encuentran en una privilegiada posicin como artistas. Gracias a ello, podemos escuchar canciones como Packt like sardines in a crush tin box, I might be wrong, Knives out y Life in a Glasshouse: canciones que ningn otro grupo (excepto quizs King Crimson) hubiera podido ni siquiera imaginar...
630469878X|5.0|Thelma and Louise decide to take the weekend off. They plan to go to the mountains, but an unexpected stop in the way changes their plans - Thelma is almost raped, and Louise kills the guy. From then on they escape from the police, making matters worse for themselves.<br />Even though the story line is VERY predictable and cliched, the great acting makes this movie worthwhile to watch. The ending scene, where they decide to drive off a cliff and die free instead of getting arrested was very strong.
B000003CMB|5.0|Was introduced to the Allman Brothers in 1975, bought a socondhand copy of Eat a Peach which is an interesting album but not their best.  In the UK the Allman Brothers never really lifted off probably due to never having any success with single releases but that was one of the attractions for me, I loved a band that nobody else knew of.  Followed Eat a Peach with Beginnings (excellent), Wipe the Windows... (OK) and then Fillmore East, all on vinyl.  <br />I've read the last 15 or so reviews and really can't add anything to the sentiments expressed, I too share a real sadness that I never got to see the original line-up or indeed see them at all.  But the Allman Brothers and their music has stayed with me as I've delved into all kinds of different musical styles, their music still moves me more than just about anything else, it's been a part of my growing up.  <br />I always check out the Allman Brothers CD's when I'm in a store and 2 years ago I came across a new version of the Fillmore East concert, a double CD with all the original Fillmore tracks plus the full length Mountain Jam from Eat a Peach.  This may be a common occurence in the USA but in the UK I'd never seen it before and I've never seen it since, and it was at a discounted price.<br />Needless to say I bought it and it must be the best value CD I've ever bought.  <br />Fillmore East is the best.
B00005AXEL|5.0|This is classic Nicks. 13 songs with great lyrics, attitude and vocals. Favorites are the title track with its' interesting rhythm, &quot;planets of the universe&quot;, &quot;too far from texas&quot;, &quot;love changes&quot;, &quot;i miss you&quot;, &quot;fall from grace&quot;, and &quot;love is&quot;. This woman has such soul in her performances...cannot wait to see her live this summer!!! A well deserved certified hit from the lady who can continue to tell all the competition to &quot;STAND BACK!!&quot; &amp; listen to a true artist in peak form...a fan sends his thanks!
B00003CXRM|4.0|I can't really add anything to the comments people are making abou this movie.  It's a wonderful movie with some outstanding acting (Tim Blake Nelson was robbed of an Oscar nomination).<br />I would like to comment about the DVD version of this movie however.  Apparently there was some kind of problem in production as there is a glitch in one scene that causes the movie to freeze as if you've hit the pause button.  I bought one the first day it came out, took it back when I noticed the problem and the replacement copy did the exact same thing at the exact same spot in the movie.<br />I also noticed some of the color scenes seem to be out of whack.  There are some scenes where the 3 main characters look white as sheets, and the whole scene looks washed out.  I don't recall that being the case when I was watching the movie at the theater.  So I'm assuming something didn't translate well to DVD and it has altered the colors.<br />Overall the movie is great and I wouldn't let these technical problems keep me from buying it and enjoying it.
B00004YKUY|5.0|This release is a subject of great debate personally as i am a big steve perry fan. I am also a huge fan of neal schons' awesome solo work. The seller for me on this release wih new lead vocalist steve augeri is the ballads. While reminiscent of the earlier journey ballads the singer gives them his own special sparkle. He sounds very similar to perry but not identical. The guitar work by schon as usual is worth the price of the album and brings the whole project together with augeri, cain, valory, and castronovos' help. key cuts - &quot;signs of life&quot;, &quot;loved by you&quot; (awesome), &quot;world gone wild&quot;, &quot;with your love&quot;, &quot;kiss me softly&quot;. cannot wait for their show this summer to hear some of this stuff live. Highly recommended!!
B00005B4GU|5.0|While I don't really think this is quite as good as Kid A(which is one of my favorite CDs) this one is still incredible.  It has an enormous range of sounds, from Pyramid Song to Dollars &amp; Cents to You and Whose Army to Packt to Pulk to Living in a Glasshouse... if you want to hear the same boring guitar &amp; bass arrangements in every song like The Bends or older Radiohead, look elsewhere(might I suggest Travis?).  If you didn't like Kid A you won't like this.  Don't stomp all over the album by giving it 1 star just because you don't like to hear experimental music.  How anybody can listen to a song like Dollars &amp; Cents and give this album 1 star is beyond me.
B00005B4GU|5.0|Why do people always want to compare their new album with the previous ones?  Kid A and Amnesiac are recorded at about the same time, but that doesn't mean that they have to be similar style or whatever. <br />If you're fan of Radiohead, you'll appreciate and love their music.  If you like their previous albums more than the new ones, then why don't you just keep listening to their older albums?  I like all of their albums, they're innovative, persuasive and most importantly, they leave plenty of space for music listeners to think.
B000002ULO|4.0|After the excitement (and hype) of the Beatles' Anthology series,  there was great expectation for this new McCartney release.  Rumours of the involvement of George Martin and Ringo Starr added to that expectation.  High expectations are always a set-up for a letdown, and I was let down initially with this release.  <br />I've never been a fan of Jeff Lynn's muddy, midrange heavy production style.  Also, I couldn't help but note that the rockers If You Wanna, I Really Love You, and I Used to Be Bad sounded tired, using well-worn riffs and, particularly on the last two, cliche ridden lyrics.  The ballads were stronger, but did not have the rich melodicism and sparkle of Macca's best ballad work.  <br />The album's best numbers were its two singles, the mid-tempo pop-rock of Young Boy and The World Tonight.  The World Tonight is based around a durable riff, a la Let Me Roll It.  Though I don't like the production style (Jeff Lynn), this song's simple hooks make it one of Macca's best songs of the 90s.<br />My opinion of this album has mellowed with the passage of time.  With Lennon long gone and Harrison pretty much retired, a lot of pressure gets put on Macca.  We now realize that he will never again reach the Herculean heights that created his legacy, and at this point has no desire to.  We now realize that we will most likely never hear a new McCartney song on the radio.  So, I now have a keener appreciation of what we have.  This album has its simple charms.  It is McCartney writing, singing, playing.  For that alone, we should be thankful.
0060278234|5.0|I loved Sabriel, and I thought this was even better. It had even more magic, and I loved the two main characters. I was able to figure out just enough about the story but not too much.  If you have not read the summery, basically, its about a girl who lives in a community in which all girl recieve the &quot;SIGHT&quot;. The sight alllows them to see into the furture and recieving it is, while an honor, not unusual. However, Lirael, is 14 and still has not recieved it- unheard of where she lives in the Clayr's Glacier. It follows her eand her progression until she finds out her parentage.  This book was AMAZING. However if you have not read Sabriel, read that first.
B00003CXRP|4.0|Great one man movie.  Tom Hanks does a great job, this must have been very had to do, just Tom and only Tom for most of the movie.  Great adventure flick.
B00003CXRM|5.0|Set in the depressed South, this strange, somewhat mystical comedy delivers much to ponder. Such as: George Clooney's &quot;modern,&quot; &quot;sophisticated&quot; character, vain and verbose, is contrasted to the simple spirituality of his jailbreak companions, and of the era, and is found wanting; his agnosticism falters in the face of death, and, having been spared, reverts back to his unbelief; his companions are &quot;holy fools,&quot; who find their faith rewarded; a haunting scene where the KKK is doing a group dance, and the leader is singing a creepy spiritual ... full of surprises, subtle (and otherwise) humor, and some very memorable images.<br />Not to mention how the movie is infused with bluegrass, blues, etc. which captures the atmosphere wonderfully. Our heroes purported hit, &quot;Man of Constant Sorrow,&quot; is quite a catchy number, one that you might want to watch and hear over and over. John Turturro's dancing accompaniment to Clooney's crooning (near the end) is hilarious.<br />The film was also digitally processed to show the exact colorings wanted by the directors.<br />A great DVD ... if only it had a commentary track!
B000053VAF|5.0|Kevin Smith always does a phenomenal job of putting extras and whatever he can on his DVDs as he understands what fans want because he's a fan himself.  <br />I'll let the other reviews speak for the movie.  <br />Just so everyone knows, the documentary &quot;Judge Not: In Defense Of Dogma&quot; is NOT on this DVD and it will never be officially released (well, never say never) due to mob-like tactics from Disney.  The Doc was good and very informative.  I didn't think it was all that bad, but you know how Disney are...  They won't even make DVD's that are compliant to the DVD standard.  Why?  Because they are Disney, that's why!<br />Anyway.  Great movie.  Top Notch extras (again).  No Doc.<br />BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT.<br />-McHale
B00003CXRP|2.0|Not quite what I expected. Yes, the film wants to be about more than Robinson Crusoe, thus the emotional/relationship drama is given much more space than expected ... but that's not we went to see. Whether the symbolism of the title works on more than one level is clever, but the fact that it wasn't emphasized in the trailers seems to say that the producers knew that the moviegoing public wasn't too interested in that aspect either.<br />The first half of the movie works, and we identify with Hanks' character, and begin to ask ourselves how we would have fared, and all the comforts we take for granted ... but before we can witness more of his transformation from hapless modern man to wizened hunter-gatherer, he is rescued.<br />Then the second part of the movie begins ... but do we really care?<br />Spectacular environmental effects, and sense of isolation and aloneness ... if only there were more.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Gladiator has to be the best sandal and sword epic ever made! To be serious it doesn't have a single drop of camp in it! Unlike Ben-Hur or Spartacus-even though Gladiator is a send up of those past Hollywood mega productions the main difference is Russell Crowe his raw energy and stocky apperance lend a natural flow to the believability of the film. The dialouge will soon go down in pop culture history Just listen to any ranting speech that Joaquin Phoneix's character gives in the film. The direction by Scott is breathtaking i have never been a fan of his due to the fact in almost all Scott's movies outside of Thelma and Louise all the characters seem under developed and the main attraction is the violence but here there is a brilliant balance! Scott still treats the fight scenes as cold and haarsh as ever giving them a rev of heart pulsing urgency! But thanks to great acting by the ENTIRE cast never once is the fighting or personal strife unnatural. The cinematography is also great. Alot of critics dismiss Gladiator as summer fluff but it's more than that for all of the above mentioned reason and one that every critic wants to forget- IT WON BEST PICTURE AT THIS YEARS ACADEMY AWARDS!! AND RIGHTFULLY SO!!
0375703764|5.0|Watch out for the minotaur!  Do you hear that roar?<br />Finally a book for, by and about pseudointellectuals.  Pseudointellectuals are so often marginalized and generally just plain screwed over by their intellectual peers.  It's time they had their say and came to the fore.  Yes, we like games, puzzles, things analytic, and even - horror of horrors - mathematics, and now it's okay to admit it.<br />When I first saw this book at the bookstore, as I flipped through the pages, I immediately thought:  TOO COOL!  A book where you can rip out all the pages, put them in a box, throw them all out the window of your seventh story apartment, then go out and pick them up in some random order and read them.  I don't usually read fiction.  But, this I just knew I had to get.<br />This book operates on several levels.  It is a multidimensional text - just thinking about the layers at work here boggles the mind, an edited version of a text prepared from a film (i.e. the story has pased through many hands before it reaches you).  The book mocks academic writing in it's use of excessive footnotes to the point of absurdity (most of them leading nowhere), nested footnotes (footnotes within footnotes, footnotes within footnotes within footnotes, etc.), gratuitous displays of erudition, petty remarks about the characters couched in high-faluting academic garb, etc. etc.  Or to put it better, as the nondedicatory dedication has it:  This book is not for you.  (This of course being equivalent to dedicating the book to no one at all.)  There are two stories intertwined.  On the one hand you have the whacked out ramblings and sexual exploits of wannabe badass Johnny Truant, tattoo parlour extraorinaire.  These are here to provide comic relief and are tolerable only if you can get over the gratuitous porn and the annoying use of &quot;could of&quot; and &quot;should of&quot; when they should be &quot;could have&quot; and &quot;should have&quot;.  Then, you have the story of the photographer Will Navidson, who lives on a house which is bigger on the inside than on the outside, and which grows, changes, all hell breaks loose, well you just have to read it to understand.  There's more than enough here to keep you occupied for hours and hours on end.  Enjoy.<br />Other books you might like include Umberto Eco's _Foucault's Pendulum_ and Douglas Hofstadter's _Godel, Escher, Bach_.  (Of course you know this already, I'm just name-dropping.)  Do I sound overly enthusiastic?  Whatever.  It's supposed to be fun.  If you aren't having fun, you're wasting your time.  (For the PC thought police, yes that's elitist.  You know what, I don't care.)<br />P.S.  Some of the footnotes in Chapter IX have been written backwards.  At first I thought they could be read by being held up to a mirror.  But, it turns out that instead of just being reversed, they have actually been typed backwards.  The only way I can see to read them is to mechanically type them out letter by letter in the forwards direction.  I wonder if anyone has done this yet.  Hmmm?<br />P.P.S.  You'll notice the absence of the annoying oxymoronic buzzword &quot;postmodern&quot; in this review.
0671004107|4.0|This book is about more than just an invitation from Aliens: It shows what would happen, IF we got in contact with another species. It describes all the conflicts, religious problems and how the government would deal with such a unknown situation. The book is much more detailed than the movie, and that's probably why Carl Sagan (the author) didn't like the movie. I enjoyed reading the book because it makes you think. And you stop reading a lot of times just to think for yourself about the topic! Nevertheless, some scenes seem to be too unreal, like  Dr. Arroway's trip to the Space Station during such a hectic situation while planning the &quot;Real Journey&quot;. No wonder the film team left those sequences out. The book also gets some times repetitive. To sum it up: I would say it is worth reading, but don't expect any unknown wisdom in it!
B0000067L2|5.0|If you like really good music you will like this.
B00000IMCU|4.0|Well, for starters, i'm a huge zombie freak. I love most zombie films except a few. Day of the dead remains my favorite, simply beacuase i was young when I watched it and it scared the hell out of me( which is what good horror movies do). I think Dawn is an excellent zombie film worth watching. The effects were good for the 70's. I dont understand these people that compare the effects of the three movies, which were made almost 20 years apart.  Thats rediculous, they were all good for the times they were made in.  Dawn probably has the most zombie killings (definantly) then the others which is a plus in my book. You become very desensitized by the killing by the end. Dawn is really in a genre all its own, its hard to describe unless you've seen it.  The reason for 4 stars is because i prefer Day to Dawn but thats my opinion, some people think Day sucks.  I enjoy watching them all, they each have a unique qaulity. As far as acting goes, nothing spectacular, but thats not why were here, really, is it?  We zombie freaks love the visceral technicolor spewing from the television, eye candy for the brain. Dawn is very entertaining, but you have to have a strange sense of humor and love zombies.
B00003CXP1|5.0|Requiem For a Dream captures the essence of addiction on  a film portraying the evolution of drug use and abuse from the beginning stages of a habit to the final crash at the end of the dependancy.  An extremely poignant piece, Requiem For a Dream integrates the story of Sara Goldfarb, an aging widow who has been offered the dream of being on a television show, and her son Harry, who has found the perfect girl, and wants nothing more than to make her fantasy of her own clothing store come true.  From the director of Pi, an audio and visual masterpiece, that acts as  the outer layer of an intricit anecdote; which is follow through the ups and downs of a substance powered story.  Extremely realistic portrayal of the characters emotions and perspectives; very solid acting; despite the fact that the young people were played by models; a brilliant film.  Enjoy.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|This film completely overwhelmed me, both sense-wise and emotion wise. No, I didn't go blind. No, I didn't cry my eyes out. But it still flooded me, surrounded me, immersed me in its vision of life, love, and what's important.<br />Its setting is nearly arbitrary -- as Ebert has pointed out, this is the Moulin Rouge of your teenage imagination -- your teenage imagination confounded by absinthe. Gaudy, lively, bursting with colorful, creative, contorted characters, it is the kinetic center of 1899 Paris.<br />Plenty of others describe the plot. Young idealist falls in love with jaded courtesan. Courtesan falls for young idealist. Money and the future of the Moulin Rouge interfere. A mind-blowing play-within-a-movie finale culminates the movie.<br />Visually and aurally,the movie is a two-hour feast for film lovers. Luhrman and the movie's production designer and costumer have, like Tim Burton and the Gotham of the Batman movies, created an entire city, though more specifically a certain sector, entirely from their wild imaginations. Exquisitely detailed sets, textured costumes, and music, music, music come at the viewer like a tsunami of sensation. Yet once the initial crash of sound and fury hits, the movie pulls back (a bit) and allows the viewer more room and time to get to see and know this fantastic world.<br />Enough people have chimed in about the music, so I will keep my comments here short. First, you should know I generally hate musicals. And I loved this film. Whether it's because I already &quot;knew&quot; the songs (though for all intents and purposes, they are radically redone/interpreted here), or because I was swept along with the movie, the songs worked. And many of the songs are not &quot;sung&quot; but act as the soundtrack. Ewan McGregor and Nicole Kidman acquit themselves nicely, especially McGregor. Second, the songs and music are part and parcel of the heart of the film---it simply wouldn't be the same without it.<br />Both the production design and the songs all benefit from the camera work in the film -- crazed and intense, it swoops, dives and sharply cuts, sinks us into the hot, beating heart of the movie.<br />The story itself is an unabashed, unapolagetic, shout-it-from-the-rooftops paen to love. LOVE. Even with the tragic bookends of the movie, it's easy to see the theme is love is worth any price you pay--once two people connect and intertwine, nothing else is more important. And yet it's not about selfishness, about the modern preoccupation with serving one's self without regard. Integral to the plot is Satine's dedication to the theater company, and it's easy to see that Christian and Satine are both inspired by their love, and the inspiration is used to create a play for the company. Christian's openness and enthusiams affects more than just Satine--it draws the viewer in, fills you with hope and happiness, and you revel in the newfound joy of these two characters.<br />On one level, it's a very old story -- young idealist falls for jaded courtesan -- but it's done with such genuine passion and refreshing excitement that it feels new. Contrast it with the &quot;love story&quot; of Pearl Harbor -- three entirely unrealistic &quot;characters&quot; created solely for manipulating the audience. I'm a fairly cynical person, and yet &quot;Moulin Rouge&quot; still touched me, spoke to the sleeping romantic within.<br />If you like cookie-cutter plots and restrained, &quot;real-life&quot; dialogue, stay home. If you want to be swept off your feet, sing your heart out and laugh out loud, support Luhrman's creative vision and treat yourself to a great film.sign and the songs all benefit from the camera work in the film -- crazed and intense, it swoops, dives and sharply cuts, sinks us into the hot, beating heart of the movie.<br />The story itself is an unabashed, unapolagetic, shout-it-from-the-rooftops paen to love. LOVE. Even with the tragic bookends of the movie, it's easy to see the theme is love is worth any price you pay--once two people connect and intertwine, nothing else is more important. And yet it's not about selfishness, about the modern preoccupation with serving one's self without regard. Integral to the plot is Satine's dedication to the theater company, and it's easy to see that Christian and Satine are both inspired by their love, and the inspiration is used to create a play for the company. Christian's openness and enthusiams affects more than just Satine--it draws the viewer in, fills you with hope and happiness, and you revel in the newfound joy of these two characters.<br />On one level, it's a very old story -- young idealist falls for jaded courtesan -- but it's done with such genuine passion and refreshing excitement that it feels new. Contrast it with the &quot;love story&quot; of Pearl Harbor -- three entirely unrealistic &quot;characters&quot; created solely for manipulating the audience. I'm a fairly cynical person, and yet &quot;Moulin Rouge&quot; still touched me, spoke to the sleeping romantic within.<br />If you like cookie-cutter plots and restrained, &quot;real-life&quot; dialogue, stay home. If you want to be swept off your feet, sing your heart out and laugh out loud, support Luhrman's creative vision and treat yourself to a great film.
B000002JSZ|5.0|Most of the AC/DC fans I know all agree that this album is one of their best. The critics must have been ... the day they rated this poorly. As a matter of fact, they had it backwards. For Those About to Rock is not nearly as good as Flick of the Switch. FTATR has a few good songs, but is largely inconsistant. Flick of the Switch is good AC/DC music all the way through. <br />   Perhaps this album didn't get the great reviews because it didn't have any radio hits. Don't let that stop you from giving it a chance, though. This album is up tempo, classic AC/DC.  Personal favorites include the title song, and &quot;Nervous Shakedown.&quot; This is one killer AC/DC album.
B00005B4GU|4.0|I must say I enjoy this album quite a bit more than Kid A. It can't compare with OK Computer (or even the bends for that matter) but it's better than most of the pop that other bands are pumping out. In general each track has more of a \\"song\\" feel to it--that is, each song is its own entity. Some are really well done (pyramid song, i might be wrong, knives out, etc.) while others aren't. There's one track that sounds like a rip off of massive attack, at least to me. Whether or not it is, it sounds bad.<br />Radiohead said that they didn't want to make another OK computer. I hope they've had their fun and have now changed their minds. But for some reason I doubt it, and I think Radiohead are only going to increase in their strangeness until even the artsy music snobs don't like them.
B00005LC1H|5.0|What can I say? Fawlty Towers is one of the funniest British comedies out there, only behind Monty Python. No one really knows about it though. If your a true Fawlty Towers fan like me, you must get this collection. You can't beat the price. John Cleese plays a hotel owner named Basil Fawlty and is hilarious in all of the episodes. He is not the only funny one, many other of the characters are hilarious also including his Spanish busboy named Manwell. All in all, if you like British comedy, this is your series.
B000056K04|2.0|I bought this album the day it came out .When I first listened to it I absolutly hated it.But I did not give up on it yet.After a few days I began to like it. In my modest opinion Everyday is the bands worst album, but it is still good.Thats how good they are.As someone else mentioned the Lillywhite sessions are really good. I would recomend either downloading the album or you can go to ebay.com and bid for a copy of The Lillywhite Sessions.I gave this cd 2 star because it does not live up to any of their other studio albums.The song on Everyday are &quot;More radio friendly&quot;. I really hope DMB's next album they choose Steve Lillywhite as their producer .Hope this is of some help to you.
B00000DGUG|5.0|Here is an artist that has been silent for almost 2 years, and I am starting to get Alanis songs stuck in my head, I just saw the special on MTV &quot;Music In High Places&quot;, with Alanis Morissette, and watching it I wondered, where has Alanis been?  It's been 3 years since her last studio album, &quot;Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie&quot; and that's just a little too long, but on with the review of the album.  S.F.I.J(a.b.) was released in 1998 to mixed reviews, and while I wasn't as crazy about it as I was with &quot;Jagged Little Pill&quot;(Simply Brilliant), &quot;Supposed&quot; holds its own.  Like most people I bought the album because of &quot;Thank You&quot;, the album much beloved first single, but Alanis should have recieved more positive feedback from this album.  One of my favorites, is on this album.  When &quot;So Pure&quot; was released I could not stop playing this song, this is just a fun and lively song a completly different Alanis singing, but another favorite from this album is &quot;Joining You&quot; a song that should have been released to a bigger audience.  A song missing on this album, is &quot;Uninvited&quot;, this haunting ballad from &quot;City Of Angels&quot;, also &quot;Baba&quot; was a different sound and could have been released.  The song I think where this album went wrong was &quot;Unsent&quot;, it was just not needed on this album.  So &quot;Thank You&quot;, &quot;So Pure&quot; and &quot;Joining You&quot; are just a few songs on this album, that make a very good album.  As far as Alanis being away for a while, I believe she has an album coming out at the end of this year, and her special on &quot;Music In High Places&quot;, was very refreshing and musically great.  Alanis will be back, until then we have this album and &quot;Jagged Little Pill&quot; to hold us over and that ain't half bad.
B00004XQ83|5.0|I happen to be of the rap raging, hip hop pop bouncing, heavy metal crashing era, that is im 16. This CD was brought to my attention after hearing about the movie. My dad was the one who told me about the movie and the CD. just last night i watched the movie for the first time, and after hearing the music on it im excited to find the sound track. I have no normallity for types of music, and so i recommend this CD for all ages, bluegrass happens to be an appealing type of music.
0425107469|5.0|I thought this book was great with the exception being a tad on the hoakey side.  It kept me turning the pages and I read it in 3 days!
B000002GEY|5.0|If this c.d. doesn't make you wish it was 1979 again nothing will. What a classic with every cut a winner. Favorites are &quot;Take the Long Way Home, Logical Song, Goodbye Stranger, and Just Another Nervous Wreck&quot;.
B000002GGW|1.0|Wow, I was really disappointed when I got this one. The other reviewers seem to like it but I guess I just didn't get it.In comparasion with the classic &quot;Breakfast in America&quot; this is a real let down. Only the opening track &quot;Cannonball&quot; can hold your interest. The other five tracks are just forgettable songs, in particular the 16-minute title track which is like torture to listen to. Do yourself a favor and skip this one.
B00004TRD8|5.0|TERMINATOR 2: JUDGMENT DAY is the action packed sci-fi drama featuring the return of Arnold Schwarzenegger as 'The Terminator', but this time he is the 'good' cyborg from the future, sent to protect John Connor (Edward Furlong) against the most vicious cyborg ever- the T-1000 (Robert Patrick).  Winner of 4 Academy Awards including BEST VISUAL EFFECTS, Terminator 2 is an awesome Sci-Fi spectacle that is one of the greatest adventure films of all time!  (Co-starring: Linda Hamilton)<br />MY REVIEW:<br />&quot;The DVD is loaded with everything, from Teaser Trailers, to full length Trailers, Two editions of the movie, The Making of, The making of T2:3D, the making of the DVD, the filmographies for the crew, a 32 page collector's booklet, the entire screenplay, the deleted scenes added in the special edition of the movie, and more...  TERMINATOR 2 is an awesome movie!  One of my favorites!  This is a must have DVD for your collection!  Buy it today!  Because if it runs out of stock- 'It might NOT be back!&quot;- MJV &amp; the Movies.
B00003CXRM|5.0|For some reason, the previews for this movie did not make me want to run out and see it.  It wasn't until I heard raves about the soundtrack that I thought it would be worth checking out the video.  What a wonderful surprise!  Just an absolutely terrific movie!  We watched it last night and had to watch it again today -- even funnier the second time around.  Tim Blake Nelson absolutely should have won Best Supporting Actor.  I am probably going to have to buy the video -- something I almost never do -- but this is one that will be fun to watch again and again.  <br />BTW -- the music is as wonderful as I've heard.  I am not particularly a blue grass fan, but I may be now!  I'm just not sure whether to buy the sound track or the movie first!
0679879269|5.0|The Amber Spyglass not only lived up to the previous book's expectations, it jumped miles over them! From the very start I was hooked. This series is the best fantasy series I have ever read, because it is so unique. I really got into the plot, and I absolutely LOVED it. The entire situation with Dust was a bit confusing at first, but I got the hang of it. One thing that majorly confused me, though, was Mary Malone was supposed to be the temptress. I don't remember any scene where she tempted Lyra. I may have missed it, but this was the only thing that I didn't get about the book. Otherwise, this is a total must-read, and if you think you are not a fantasy fan, read this and then tell me again!
B00003CXPD|5.0|This movie is about a lot of things.  It's about a boy's triumph against all odds.  It's about a family's struggle to be self suffient despite the adversity of class struggle.  It's about communication or lack thereof between father and son, brother and brother, teacher and student.  Above all this movie is about the length to which a father will go to sacrifice, encourage, and love a son who maybe &quot;a (bleeping)genius,&quot; regardless of what others might think.<br />The movie has many levels, but due to my research on fathers, the element I felt most clearly surfaces is that one's belief (particularly a son's) in onesself comes from one's parents (generally his father), or a teacher who sees genius.  Billy encounters these believers on several levels. Billy's dead mother is still very much with him, even though it may only be in a letter he carries in his heart.  Billy's father must learn to deal with his own conception of stereotypes and learn to admire and respect his son's talent, even if he may not have an appreciation for them.  Billy's teacher must realize her belief cannot replace Billy's need for paternal approval.  Billy must also learn to speak up for what he believes--who he is, who are his friends, what he wants to do, or what he feels when he dances.  You'll get wonderfully caught up in this movie as its electricity will flow through your very being.<br />There is some strong language in this movie, but if can get beyond that, the moments will not be lost at what an important message is in this movie.  Once we learn to look at what talents our children have, we must then do everything we can to help them develop, refine, and enjoy.  This movie is by far one of the best I've seen in a long time and should be mandatory viewing for every father with a son who marches to a different drummer.<br />Rent it or buy it.  If you are a middle school teacher, preview it first (for language) but I'd recommend it as mandatory viewing for 12 or 13 year old, whowould discuss it with thier parents and then complete an essay about &quot;What if you want to be something your dad doesn't understand when you grow up?&quot;
B00003CXRP|5.0|CAST AWAY is the story of a FedEx executive who has a sudden drastic plane crash on Christmas Day and ends up being stranded on an island for four years alone, then returns home to Memphis after builing a raft.<br />MY REVIEW:<br />&quot;This movie is marvelous!  TOM HANKS deserves the Academy Award for BEST ACTOR, not RUSSELL CROWE!  Though Crowe was great, Hanks was even better!  This movie is powerful, emotional and inspirational!  One of the greatest adventure films ever, hoping to teach you a lesson, wanting you to open your eyes and cherish what you have, because it might all be gone in an instant.  CAST AWAY is a wonderful movie!&quot;- MJV &amp; the Movies.
B00003CXRP|4.0|I was prepared to dislike this movie; ever since &quot;Philadelphia&quot; and &quot;Forrest Gump,&quot; I've missed Tom Hanks: Comic Actor and never thought very much of Tom Hanks: Serious Actor.  But the truth is, he holds the movie together, and it all comes off very well.  I had heard friends complain that it was boring, etc, but that's certainly not my opinion.  I thought it was very entertaining throughout, even if the ending was kind of a downer.
6305313687|5.0|Out of all the movies I have seen with wars against whites/blacks this movie definitely has to be the best one.  It tells us the story of a young man trying to turn his brother around from being like him.  This movie had an amazing ending to it and I can't even compare this movie to any other.  Because this movie should be in its own category.
B00005IBGQ|5.0|This record is so pleasing to the ear that it awakens all the other senses and they come alive.  Rufus Wainwright is so articulate a lyricist, it brings a slight discomfort at his honesty.  This album, like his first, is intoxicating.  It's also a semester of music school - and I mean that it the most positive way.  You must hear this.
7119005901|5.0|It is an excellent novel and the translation is great. When I read the story, I felt like I traveled back to the history, and witnessed the events unfolding in front of my eyes. The story depicts the loyalty, integrity, sacrifice, friendship, betrayal, treachery and human fragiltiy. Today, I can not imagine someone  can match the characters of Lord Guan and zhao Zilong for their loyalty, integrity, courage, and sacrifice. I was also amazed , perhaps, intrigue about the Emperor Xian who somehow could not seek the service from Li Xuande and his people. Perhaps, the Chinese history would have a new twist if Emperor Xian had used Li Xuande to protect the Han dynasty.  Sum it up, the reasons or culprits that led to the collapse of the Han dynasty or any other dynasties later in Chinese history were due a weak ruler, abuses of power from eunichs, or misuse of talents in the court. The irony is nobody could imagine that, in the end, the entire realm was united by Sima Yan to found the Jin  dynasty but not by Cao cao, or Li Xuande or Sun Quan as the three main characters in the story of the three kingdoms that fought against one another.
B0000256VK|5.0|This Roxy Music's last studio album.  They have reunited in 2001, and are on tour.  Who knows, maybe they will put out another studio album.<br />Roxy Music has always had the world's greatest publicist.  Roxy Music has been credited with starting almost every type of music style from the seventies and eighties.  But they didn't create progressive rock. Genesis, King Crinsom and Deep Purple (yes, early Deep Purple was progressive) all came earlier.  They didn't create Art Rock (Yes and Emerson, Lake and Palmer came first).  They didn't create glam rock or glitter rock (David Bowie, Iggy Pop and Alice Cooper all predated them).  And they didn't create punk or new wave (that all came out of New York).  And Brian Eno didn't even create electonica.  He coined the term Ambient music, but he was following the lead of many before him (especially the style coming out of Germany).<br />Roxy Music has mostly been a follower.  Their early albums were hit and miss and sometimes sounded dated.  But, they did put out some great songs, did innovate to some extent and were constantly  maturing and evolving.<br />In this album they take in many of the influences of the time (1982). The structure and feel is a lot like the Police's Ghost In the Machine, which came out a year earlier.  They incorporate the disco/dance sound of the times.  They borrow from Pink Floyd and others.<br />They end up with a stunning album.  Except for a needless instrumental (which isn't that bad) every track is excellent.  It all has a dark, brooding sound, while being lively and enegetic at the same time.  It is the only Roxy Music album that is consistently strong throughout.  And best of all, it rarely relies on Ferry's formulatic song style (repeated one line choruses).<br />About half of this album sounds like it could be a Brian Ferry solo album.  There are many tracks that could have easily fit on Ferry's album Boys and Girls, which he put out shortly after Roxy Music disbanded.
B0000524CY|5.0|i have to say its a good movie but it is not scary at all. i don't know why people say its scary. its more like funny than scary
B000000H4V|5.0|I suppose this could be considered a &quot;sell-out&quot; album, as Sepultura went for a much slicker production with this one, due undoubtly to their experience in touring with Ministry. Also, the unadulterated thrash metal of &quot;Beneath the Remains&quot; and &quot;Arise&quot; is gone, replaced by mostly mid-tempo, industrial-tinged instrumentation, and tribal interludes (most notably &quot;Kaiowas&quot;).  Overall, there is a good deal more variety here than on other Sepultura releases, from the great cover of &quot;The Hunt&quot; to the fast-paced, ridiculously-titled &quot;Biotech is Godzilla&quot; to the rather haunting &quot;We Who Are Not As Others&quot; and the aforementioned &quot;Kaiowas.&quot; Regardless of the listener's opinion of this departure in style, it cannot be argued that this album has a focus that the others lacked - the aggression is channeled directly at injustice, specifically that present in Brazil (quite clear in the intense, blistering &quot;Manifest,&quot; angrier than anything off &quot;Beneath&quot; or &quot;Arise&quot;). There are also two live tracks which demonstrate Sepultura's proficiency outside the studio, and also Max's tremendous charisma and power on-stage. If you are only a fan of speed metal, I would not recommend this album - but if you're a fan of metal in-general, &quot;Chaos A.D.&quot; is something to experience.
B00005B4GU|5.0|Wow,what can I say. After hearing so many bad reviews I was shocked to find that this is such a great cd. I dont know if it is better than Kid A but I believe it is much more accessible. I still like OK COMPUTER the best,but this seems to be a great cd that just keeps growing on me. Trust me,it is more musically driven than the electonica of Kid A. Fans of thought provoking and emotional music will not be dissapointed.
B00005KHEU|5.0|This was on top of the UK charts for over a month in June/July 1979. Adding previously not released tracks makes this one an essential buy for anyone who likes classic pop music.<br />&quot;Don't Bring Me Down&quot; were their biggest hitsingle and added falsetto vocals previously done by the Bee Gees. The album had additional four hits,  &quot;Shine A Little Love&quot;, &quot;Confusion&quot;, &quot;The Diary Of Horace Wimp&quot; and &quot;Last Train To London&quot;. The latter the most disco influenced song they ever did release.<br />The highlights however is two great ballads, &quot;Midnight Blue&quot; and &quot;Wishing&quot;. The classy string/choir arrangements by Richard Tandy/Louis Clark really shines on these tracks. They could indeed have been single releases. This was the last group effort before Lynne got tired of it, releasing two early 80s albums that didn't have the same overall feeling. Highly recommended.
0060922583|5.0|I have been reading books of all kinds for many years and; there is not a better and more enjoyable book on my shelf then Michael's book.  A spiritual journey of the highest magnitude. He has great courage to speak out on such an important matter.  This is the plate tectonics of science and religion; and it is only the beginning of our journey  into the advanced chapters knowing where we are and how we are all connected to the cosmos.  I am now home forever, thanks Micahel. And you do know how to write! Love you.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|This movie was remarkable!  I entered the cinema expecting to see some half-baked movie toting a few seconds of 'Diamonds Are a Girl's Best Friend' and 'The Sound of Music', mixed and jumbled, smashed together by someone who was trying to make a few bucks.  By the time that the film had finished, I wanted to get up and applaud.  It really was that great!  I feel though, that to enjoy this film, one must (in this order):  (a) like or love a musical (b) like or love a romance (c) have an open mind (d) have a sense of humor. The film is great fun to watch, and even re-watch.  This movie does contain music, is a romance, and if you have an open mind, most, if not all of the humor will come to you.  For the most part, the humor isn't crude, but it comes in the form of parodies of different things, whether it be songs, skits, or expressions.  My final word of advice:  go to the cinema, and enjoy a night at the MOULIN ROUGE!
B00004RD97|5.0|If you can imagine Merzbow covering Black Sabbath, that's what this album sounds like. All of the songs are built on heavy, downtuned proto-Sabbath slo-mo riffs, but the sound is so loud, so huge, and so fuzzed-out that it borders on being a noise album. Possibly the heaviest record ever made and certainly one of the loudest. Their earlier albums are good (and almost as noisy) but this is a quantum leap forward in every direction -- sound, playing, riffs, song construction, everything -- and is absolutely essential.
B000002GVO|5.0|Have been listening to this album since it came out in the '70s.  It was great then and the music hasn't lost any of its punch over the intervening years.  It's definitely worth your money if you don't own it yet.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Seeing this for the first time today, it was greater than I could've ever imagined. For the first in a long time I felt overwhelmed, dazzled and completely in identification with the movie.<br />I truly admire the film, the writer, the director, and the crew -  They've done a superb work. Reviving a distant history tale to life is an admirable achievement I will always salute to.<br />  The thing that seized me most of all is the model Mister Russell Crowe portrayed. This is certainly not a surprise, for he was meant to do just that, being the good hero, nevertheless, the core of his being still stands out, maybe more for people like myself than for others.<br />  I'm trying to express here that the Gladiator is unique for representing the survival of the is right and honorary in a world that is crumbling apart, and that is running out of all the things people consider as good, true and justified. Despite the horrible world surrounding him, Maximus (Crowe) manages to survive - But not by completely becoming a ruthless beast. He does develop and uses dreadful skills of an animal - but only to survive. Whenever he can the man of honor in him evokes to show that he isn't completely corrupted, and forward, to show that this good side is his true self.<br />For that I'm humbled. I want to always remember this in spite of the world where living in, which tends to drag a man down a slippery road of corruption and acts that lack all honor. Our culture is degrading in a one-way direction toward decadence, and I think that anyone who objects this mainstream should stay true to what he believes in no matter what the rest do or think. It's a hard task, very hard; there are so many temptations out there, and obstacles to pass through. In here, Maximus give us an example of endurance - and for that he deserves all the credit we can give him - in return.<br />Maybe a moral of the story could be that if you fight hard you will eventually win . I'd like to believe it is true. Russell Crowe has created in me one more sincere hope it is achievable, and it's a great sucess for itself.<br />In the end, he did win the Oscar price, he earned respectively. In all the other aspects this film is magnificent . I'm glad the film has won all those Oscars, evidently, the best film of last year ,and of course - not one to be missed.ell Crowe has created in me one more sincere hope it is achievable, and it's a great sucess for itself. <br />In the end, he did win the Oscar price, he earned respectively. In all the other aspects this film is magnificent . I'm glad the film has won all those Oscars, evidently, the best film of last year ,and of course - not one to be missed.
B00003CXA4|5.0|GANDHI film is an excellent example of one man's achievement. Every Indian , to that matter everybody should watch this excellently produced movie.
B00003CXN4|5.0|I saw this film for the first time three days ago on video.  I have not stopped thinking about it since.  While all of the acting is superb, perhaps the most gripping is that of Zeta-Jones.  The change in her situation as the movie progresses pulls you in and you may as well be watching a documentary of the neighbor down the street.  Michael Douglas and family come off well, certainly not over the top as could have happened with lesser direction.  However good the acting in that angle of the movie, I felt that the coincidence of his ascension to US drug czar as his daughter becomes an addict was simply too convenient.  While it makes for a great contrast, I didn't buy into it.  Del Toro, as you have heard by know, ie the Oscar nomination, is remarkable, despite the fact that much of his dialogue is en espanol.  The movie launches with his character and the story is initially purposefully ambiguous, the more reason to keep watching.  Even non-technically-minded movie goers will be blown away when they learn that the entire movie was photographed by the director.   This movie amply demonstrates that gripping stories and realistic screenplays lead to memorable movies, not huge budgets, cheesy effects and bland actors. <br />I can't wait to watch it again.
B00005LB9O|2.0|Travissecond (commercially successful) album proves that they get far more credit than they deserve.  After conquering the world with their overrated The Man Who, Travis ease out a new album with songs that could just as well be outtakes from the man who. &quot;Sing&quot; is a waterproof radio hit with such poor lyrics and songwriting that even though youre hearing it the first time, you can guess whats coming up in the next few seconds throughout the song.  Possible future singles such as Side and Follow the Light add nothing, this is super-melodic, acoustic guitar driven stuff free of any highs and real emotions that the listener can feel attached to.  Nevertheless, I feel there is still hope for Travis.  From time to time, excellent production and sound help cover up Travis dull songwriting.  Plus, Pipe Dreams is an excellent song, which is out of character from other songs here.  Travis can and will enjoy more commercial success, but theyre still gonna be a below average pop band.
B0000021RD|5.0|This album, along with Chicago Transit Authority are two of my all time favorite albums.This album has it all. Great songs, great musicianship and great vocals.Terry Kath was definitely one of the most underrated Rock guitarist of all-time.The guy could do it all, both on the guitar and vocally.&quot;In the Country&quot; is a good track to get a feel for what he was about.This Album also contains several of Chicago's biggest hits including &quot;Make Me Smile&quot;, Colour My World&quot; and &quot;25 or 6 to 4&quot;. This album along with The first one are what I consider the &quot;Real&quot; Chicago. It's a shame that many people that have heard of Chicago associate them with that &quot;Garbage&quot; they put out in the &quot;80's&quot;.This is a must have for all Chicago fans and anyone who appreciates Great musicianship, something that has been missing in &quot;Popular&quot; music for a long time.
B000001FA4|5.0|For those saying thats the first line of &quot;Elives Presley and America&quot;...Nonono! Bono's singing Black Flash.  Don't listen to those giving a bad review of this...it's really a wonderful CD. Personally, I like it better then the Joshua Tree. It has one of my Top Five favorite U2 songs on it, &quot;Bad.&quot;  There isn't a single song on this disc that you have to skip. This CD is one of the rare ones, where every song is good, even if you listen to it all the time.
B000002H2H|4.0|I found that there are no bad songs on this cd.  From the soft &quot;Fade to Black&quot; to super heavy &quot;Trapped Under Ice&quot;, this cd has no flaws.  It is my third favorite Metallica cd (2nd is Master, 1st is Kill 'Em).  The best song on this is easily &quot;The Call Of Katulu&quot;.  It is one of their instrumental songs, and is just a treat to listen to.  If it was the only good song on this cd, I'd still love the cd.  So go out there and buy it!
B00003CXRM|5.0|You just gotta love a movie that can make a KKK rally so ridiculous.  For me, the &quot;dancing Klansmen&quot; was one of the funniest scenes in the movie. And, even better than that was George Clooney's excellent performance.
B000002LPD|5.0|Everytime I listen to this, I'm blown away at the great production of this album. With Andy Johns,Ted Templeman and Eddie Van Halen producing, you can't go wrong. The songs on this album are great. They are not just &quot;jamming&quot; songs. They stand out from the rest of the rock 'pack'. Right Now is the most original sound and song that Van Halen has ever written. Alex's drums sound incredible here. His rhythm is rock solid on this album. Eddie's playing is top-notch as usual.  In 1991, I bought this CD right before I went on a week's vacation. I never stopped listening to it that whole week of vacation. It takes me back to that summer and the good feelings of that summer before Nirvana and the Seattle scene took over and MTV told us that they had.
B000059T5O|5.0|Quite simply the CD of the year ! Dark, dark blues, dirty painful blues, beautifully sung, exquisitely performed and recorded. Songs carefully chosen to suit Hammond's powerful and rounded voice. The musicians, instrumentation and sheer heart felt performance will take you a place you've never been. Truly stonkin stuff! Wow !
B000009FHN|5.0|This is probably one of their greatest Cd's. Every song is fantastc!! this is definately a must-buy for NIN fans.
B00003CXRP|4.0|It was a good movie, but there are tiny flaws that can be overlooked by Tom Hanks performance.  I do agree with the Oscar for Best Actor Going to Russell Crowe, but that doesn't take away from the brilliant performance of Tom Hanks.
B000001EYO|4.0|This soundtrack is quite good but it does drag quite a bit. Songs like \\"Technopop\\" by Burwell and the opera track could have been avoided while \\"The Walking Song\\" and the Gypsy King's  mariachi-style cover of \\"Hotel California\\" add to the goofy moodiness that inhabits the film. There are some truly essential songs also, like the Dylan opener and Townes Van Zandt's melancholy cover of The Rolling Stones \\"Dead Flowers\\".
B00005BJC7|3.0|Loved the music (I give it 5/5), hated the artbook... come on, folks, this is just math class scribbling here, only scribbled with a typewriter and printed on a broken copier. The only thing good about it is that it has to be looked at several times, as it can't be absorbed all at once. Also, it is UGLy. Not that all art has to be beautiful, but... well, I just didn't like the artwork. Kid A's was much better~~it at least had something to identify with (that being that bear).
B00005J9U1|5.0|i like this album alot and would reccomend it highly to anyone that likes reggae even slightly
B00003CXA2|1.0|I almost feel stupid writing the 152nd review of this movie, but I couldn't pass up the chance to lower the average rating. This movie is so stupid, that I resent Robert Zemeckis for the three hours of my life I'll never get back, and I have taken a vow never to see another of his films again. Not only do I wish I had never seen Forrest Gump, I wish there were some way I could not see it twice.<br />This movie belongs in the section of Video World with Plan 9 from Outer Space, Robot Monster, and Sgt. Pepper.<br />If I had nothing better to do, I'd sit here all night, voting 1 star 151 times just to lower the average even further, but really I should be in bed, and not giving any more time to this stupid, stupid movie.
0345428064|4.0|Superb beginning - one of the few books I couldn't put down . Extremely realistic and exciting. However during the second part of the book I was put off by the heroes relationship with the little girl. I didn't find this convincing at all and so gave up interest having to skip the bonding nonsense. Stick to the action Andy, this is your strength and few can do it better - you know it makes sense!
0553213105|5.0|Like many people, I had heard of Pride and Prejudice but never cared to read it. Well, for anyone who is considering reading the book, I full-heartily recomend it to you. I previously just finished the book, and Jane Austen did a fabulous job captivating my attention and suspicions whether Mr. Darcy and Elizabeth Bennet ever truly get together. The latter is prejudiced against the handsome and &quot;supposively&quot; haughty Mr. Darcy, so until she realizes the truth does her opinion alter. Jane Austen adds humor to the story and created well-balanced characters which arouse much interest with the reader. An exceptionally written and intriguing story which anyone who has never read should.
B000002UAO|5.0|I have been a Beatles fan for over 20 years, and, throughout the years, I have collected and listened to every available song this group has ever produced.  I love all of their stuff, but, in my opinion, Rubber Soul (judged as a whole) represents the beginning of the Beatles &quot;golden age.&quot; There is no filler to be found in it at all.  If you buy only three Beatles albums, make Rubber Soul one of them:  It can safely be considered one of the three Beatles essentials.  And, if you buy it, it is worth spending a few extra bucks for the UK extra tracks version.
B00005B36H|3.0|I have been a tool fan for a while now and their first CD's are great, but this one just doesn't live up to their standards.  &quot;Schism&quot; and  &quot;Parabola&quot; are the best songs on the CD, but all of the songs on this album sound alike.  It just doesn't compare with their other CD's and maybe they should find some new sounds for their next album.  Tool is still a good band and anything they do will sell good.
B000002UAR|5.0|While Rubber Soul began the Beatles' \\"golden age,\\" Revolver simply improved on it.  As such, it sits in the middle of the Beatles best musical and artistic period.  In my opinion, Revolver can safely be ranked at number two (only behind Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band) among the Beatles best albums. If you only buy two Beatles albums, make Revolver one of them.  And, if you buy Revolver, you might as well spend a few more bucks for the UK extra tracks version--its worth it!!
B00003CXSP|3.0|A few thoughts...<br />1)  I read the book (which was not the best) and thankfully the movie doesn't follow the book too closely (especially the ending).<br />2) Julianne Moore took on a big task of taking over for Jodie Foster - it took me until half way through the movie to stop comparing the two.  Julianne did an okay job of portraying Clarice.<br />3)  The movie was slow in parts...just like the book.  Especially the scenes in Europe.<br />All in all, it's a decent movie...not the best but not the worst I have seen.  There are some really good parts and great special effects.  Anthony Hopkins really helps bring the movie to an average level.
B000002UAU|5.0|Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band is simply the best that the Beatles had to offer.  Don't get me wrong, I love all of their work, and they did produce some excellent songs after Sgt. Pepper, but, as a whole, this album would never be out done by the Fab Four.  If you only buy one Beatles album, make it this one:  It is a classic.
B00005BL2A|5.0|&quot;As your bony fingers close around me, Long and spindly death becomes me, heaven can you see what I see,&quot;<br />The amazing coalescence of Martin Gore's lyrics with Dave Gahan's voice have provided years of significant listening pleasure and mind expansion.<br />Long live Depeche Mode!<br />B.W./author/Labyrinth of Chaos
B00005K9LM|5.0|This is, without a doubt, the most underrated of all Priests releases. Until Painkiller many years later, this and British Steel were by far the heaviest Priest albums. The common critical take on Defenders was that it was a letdown after Screaming. Nonsense. It was a commercial letdown because the popsters didn't like it as well. There are no &quot;Take these chains Off&quot; or &quot;Fever&quot; travesties to shame this mighty album. It just plain smokes from front to back. I don't know what the previous reviewer was smoking, calling this &quot;the first bad priest album&quot;. Perhaps it doesn't quite live up to the &quot;searing intensity&quot; of such brutal classics as Point Of Entry and Rocka Rolla, (Sarcasm in extremis here), but any headbanger will be delighted with the far faster and heavier tracks Freewheel Burning, Eat me alive, and Jawbreaker. I must sadly concur about the remastering though. This wasn't taken from a better 2-track than the other, they just eq'd the bass to hilariously muddy levels. That said, this is better than Screaming for Vengeance, it just didn't sell as well to the 14 year old girls, and isn't that a good thing?
6305342776|4.0|Oh, the Black Hole...what can I say about this film. I have real love/hate relationship with the film. I first saw it in '79, at age 15, and at the time it both thrilled and embarassed me. Kudos goes to Elleshaw and his production design. The U.S.S. CYGNUS is probably the most beautiful (if not exotic and impropable) space craft design ever put on film. The acting in the film was a strange cross between wooden (Robert Forster) to well overblown (Max Schell), the rest of the cast seems to fall somewhere in the middle. Ironically, the robot most reviewers disliked the most, VINC.E.N.T.(Roddy McDowell), steals the show in my opinion. The writers gave him the best lines in the picture. It is unfortunate that the filmmakers and Disney chose to do a Star Wars retread, instead of really putting out a great and unique story. Too bad. What saves The Black Hole from becoming one of those films that you soon forget existed after you've seen it once is the score. John Barry is the single most reason I have fond memories of watching this film. He gives this &quot;little&quot; popcorn picture such a sweeping grand score that sometimes I feel he meant it for a bigger, better motion picture.  I still love this film in many ways, it can be very funny and well thought out in small areas of the story. It fails terribly in science though. The dipiction of the black hole is inaccurate (at least to current theories), that &quot;drain&quot; hole look to it would only take place if the hole was syphoning material from a nearby star, it would form a ring around the black hole called an Accretion disk. Another flop in the science within the film is a scene near the end, when a crushed Cygnus is falling towards the black hole, the Palomino's surviving crewmembers actually crawl along the outside of the ship--WITHOUT WEARING PROTECTIVE SPACE GEAR!! I think that scene may have came from a weird theory that I recall reading about black hole's that may contain some sort of atmosphere around themor something to that effect. Still, despite the convoluted screenplay, dull acting and bizarre ending (was that Earth our heroes were heading to after emerging back to normal space or another unexplored planet?), the movie will alway possess a warm, comfortable spot in my heart and memories.
B0000542D2|5.0|Where is it???  Does anybody know when this title will be released???
6305342776|4.0|Oh, the Black Hole...what can I say about this film. I have real love/hate relationship with the film. I first saw it in '79, at age 15, and at the time it both thrilled and embarassed me. Kudos goes to Elleshaw and his production design. The U.S.S. CYGNUS is probably the most beautiful (if not exotic and impropable) space craft design ever put on film. The acting in the film was a strange cross between wooden (Robert Forster) to well overblown (Max Schell), the rest of the cast seems to fall somewhere in the middle. Ironically, the robot most reviewers disliked the most, VINC.E.N.T.(Roddy McDowell), steals the show in my opinion. The writers gave him the best lines in the picture. It is unfortunate that the filmmakers and Disney chose to do a Star Wars retread, instead of really putting out a great and unique story. Too bad. What saves The Black Hole from becoming one of those films that you soon forget existed after you've seen it once is the score. John Barry is the single most reason I have fond memories of watching this film. He gives this &quot;little&quot; popcorn picture such a sweeping grand score that sometimes I feel he meant it for a bigger, better motion picture.  I still love this film in many ways, it can be very funny and well thought out in small areas of the story. It fails terribly in science though. The dipiction of the black hole is inaccurate (at least to current theories), that &quot;drain&quot; hole look to it would only take place if the hole was syphoning material from a nearby star, it would form a ring around the black hole called an Accretion disk. Another flop in sciene in the film is a scene near the end, when the Cygnus is falling towards the black hole, the Palamino surviving crew actually crawl along the outside of the ship WITHOUT WEARING PROTECTIVE GEAR!! ithink that may have came from a weird theory that black hole's may contain some sort of atmosphere around them or something to that effect. Still, despite the convoluted screenplay, dull acting and bizarre ending (was that Earth our heroes were heading to after emerging back to normal space or another unexplored planet?), the movie will alway possess a warm, comfortable spot in my heart and memories.
0679879269|5.0|When I finished this book my heart felt really...cold. I thought the conclusion was very sad, and I just wished that there was a way that everything could've worked out. The book is just as adventurous as the rest and it's really very well-written. I think Pullman did a wonderful job of thinking up his stories and putting them so that they made sense.  This book really had a lot of people making sacrifices. It was Lyra's parents, Lyra and Will, and I don't remember at the moment, but I am sure there were more. The friends that the two main characters had made were really very essential to the whole story. W/O them Lyra and Will would have still been kids and might've never really grown up. I just loved this book...and could read it again.
B000002MP2|5.0|After Hearing 'Time Of Your Life' from my fried, I thought that all of their songs were going to be like that, all Pop. But I decided to go ahead and buy Nimrod and boy was I wrong. After listening to Nimrod several times I went ahead and instantly purchased Dookie! It is currently one of my favorite CD's and Green Day one of my favorite artists! <br />I would definitely recommend this CD!
B000002VDW|5.0|To me it is Al's best though very underrated.This was the album which really got me hooked onto Al's music way back in 1980 and I have never got bored listening after all these years.All the  songs are great with excellant guitar work by Tim Renwick and Peter White.END OF THE DAY is the masterpiece and I would place this album above the much acclaimed YEAR OF THE CAT.
B00004XOWM|5.0|I had heard a couple of Limp Bizkit's new songs: Rolling, My Way, and Take A Look Around (MI2 Theme). I liked them and so I went on to Amazon.com and took a look at the CD. First thing I see when I get to the Chocolate Starfish CD Reviews, tons of bad reviews but why? They say that Fred Durst won't stop using the F word constantly, that they can't think of original lyrics. Despite these reviews I bought CD and right now I think it is tied for my favorite CD. I hope this convinces you to buy the album!
B00000IL1K|5.0|This is a lovely richly orchestrated collection of wide variety of songs that evoke a peaceful perfumed garden! The recording opens with a composition by the heavenly Sarah Brightman herself called, In Paradisum. The song is hauntingly beautiful,entwined with a subtle Eastern rhythm.It opens the door to a truly delightful array of selections from Ennio Morriccone, Kansas' Dust in the Wind, to Puccini. The entire recording is bathed in a magical tranquility! A must for any music-lover's collection!<br />Applause to the lovely Sarah once again!
B00005B36H|5.0|Well, it looks like everyone but me have reviewed this cd; so here it goes:<br />Tool is quite possibly one of the greatest hard rock bands ever, or will become.  I have never heard anything before as epic as this cd.  Unlike many tool fans, i bought lateralus not because i was a long time fan, but i saw good reviews and all of the hype that was surrounding it.  I always judged tool as a sort of cult band- a band for goths and people that listen to really dark and underground death metal.  Boy was i wrong.  I'm a Jeff Buckley/Radiohead fan, so i have mellower taste.  I usually dismiss hard rock albums, but this one i didnt even notice all of the screaming in Ticks and Leeches.  Every song is 8-9 minutes long, the whole album is like a symphony or an opus.  Parabol/Parabola, as with other reviewers, is one of the greatest 2 part songs ive ever heard.  Parabol is very quiet and very easy for tool.  All of a sudden, it bursts into Parabola, a hard rocking, lengthy tune.  These guys are geniuses.  No one i have ever heard has played guitar this well.  I dont think it can even be defined as music, i think i would call it ART.  The Patient and Parabola are my two favorite songs on the album, they are the ones that grew on me the most from the beggining.  There is something for any rock fan on this album-  songs like the patient are epic yet easy for tool at the same time, while songs like Ticks and Leeches are some of the hardest songs ive listened to.  Finally, a popular rock album that is actually good. Alternative is supposed to be something out of the ordinary, thats where the genre got its name.  This album can definately be considered an Alternative album, and a true masterpiece.  Easily along with Amnesiac by Radiohead are the best releases this year.  I reccomend it because i am not a hard rock fan yet this music can still appeal to me.
B00004TJTS|4.0|It's 1942 in Yazoo City, in the Mississippi Delta. Nine-year old Willie (Frankie Muniz) is a lonely kid. Small, scrawny and physically uncoordinated, he's held in contempt by his peers. His Dad, Jack (Kevin Bacon), is stern and aloof, having lost a leg in the Spanish Civil War, of all places. (Why he was there at all is never explained.) Willie's only friend outside the family, his adult next-door neighbor and personal sports hero, Dink, has joined the Army, and is off to fight the Nazis. Realizing her son needs a pal (and a bit of responsibility), Willie's Mom, Ellen (Diane Lane), gets him a dog for his ninth birthday over the strenuous objections of Jack. (\\"He's not old enough!\\") Enter Skip, a terrier puppy way too cute for words.<br />MY DOG SKIP is a classic, family-oriented, G-rated story about a boy and his dog growing up together in small town America. And whether Willie is facing up to the local bullies, running afoul of moonshiners in the local cemetery, playing (ineptly) in a Little League game, watching a Saturday picture show at the local movie palace, or holding hands with the town's prettiest girl, Skip is there to provide moral support, a friendly lick, a happy bark, and a spirited wag of the tail. Disregarding for the moment that encounter with the moonshiners - a bit of a stretch even for Mississippi - the viewer loses himself in this charming reminiscence of a childhood with Man's Best Friend. It should rekindle fond memories in anyone who grew up with a pooch of his/her own. (I didn't. Our family had a succession of cats. But you know what I mean.)<br />MY DOG SKIP, based on the true life experiences of Harper's magazine editor Willie Morris, is not a great film. But it's an eminently watchable one, mostly due to the antics of the lovable Skip. I don't think my cat liked it, but I certainly did.<br />(It should here be noted that Willie Morris, a cat-hater most of his life, later came to have a feline Best Pal - a story of adult enlightenment told in the book MY CAT SPIT MCGEE. This charming volume is available from Amazon.)in the book MY CAT SPIT MCGEE. This charming volume is available from Amazon.)
B000002HH2|5.0|I heard this album and about bjork when my sister bought this cd I loved it then and I still love it....Bjork is original in her music and in her fashion sence...(I cant believe Joan Rivers,the queen of plastic, and other so called fashion experts dissed her recently because of her swan outfit,at least she experiments and takes chances) oh well...much applause to her...and keep it up please...keep shocking the mainstream!
B00005BJ2O|4.0|Where is Like a Virgin? That's the best song in the whole movie, and they don't put it on the CD? I hope there's going to be a 3-CD set, because I need my song!
B00003CXDZ|2.0|Comparable to watching a Vegas show on acid<br />I primarily wanted to see Moulin Rouge to head Nicole Kidman sing. I should have just contented myself with the fact people say she can sing, and not wasted an evening viewing this movie. I can't say it's the worst movie I've ever seen, but it comes pretty close.<br />The plot of the movie is fairly simple, something that had the potential to expand into a good movie, but it fell short. The characters were poorly developed; in fact Christian (Ewan McGregor) was the only character with any background at all.  His desire to live the Bohemian life and write prompted him to head to Paris, even though the voice of his Father haunted him at first, but mysteriously stops, even though he fails at his goal of becoming a famous writer.<br />Satine starts out as a whiny courtesan/dancehall girl who wants to become an actress and will do whatever it takes, and through the course of the movie develops into a woman who's willing to sacrifice it all to be with the man she loves, even though she's striken with a deadly disease she doesn't know about. Kidman does make a beautiful Satine though, she looks like a china doll, and she can actually sing, maybe not like Mariah Carey or Aretha Franklin, but she has the voice of a singer in a dancehall.<br />There's very little background on Zidler, only that he owns the Moulin rouge and keeps care of Satine.  There's even less background on the Duke, how he came to be an invester in Spectacular, Spectacular is unknown, all you ever really find out is that he has an interest in Satine. <br />The film could be compared to watching a Vegas show on acid, the camera takes strange twists and turns, vibrates randomly, and then swirls the colours together even more randomly.  The contemporary music doesn't add to the movie except in a few rare spots(I nearly walked out when Zidler and the Duke sang Like a Virgin).
6305078564|5.0|I have been an active customer of amazon's for over three years, and though I've read hundreds of reviews I've never felt compelled to write one... until now.  I won't bore you with commentary on the film versus the book or any summaries.  I will say only this: if you have even the slightest interest whatsoever in buying this collection, YOU ABSOLUTELY MUST!  There is simply no imaginable way you will be disappointed by the purchase.  In fact, I think it nearly impossible for you not to be quite moved and so warmly touched by this incredible film.  Even if you've never read a Jane Austin book (I'm not an Austin fan, well, not yet) and have no interest in period films (I'm not even exactly sure when this story takes place), the fact that you've stumbled upon this page for whatever reason is justification enough TO BUY THIS FILM (I bought it)!  Trust me, I realize how strongly this is written.  I just don't want you to miss the opportunity of owning what will, from day one until far off in the future, be the most viewed and loved movie in your collection.
079075116X|5.0|This is one of the best movies that Clint Eastwood has ever starred in. The plot is pretty obvious but the avenues that Eastwood has to take to complete his assignment successfully creates intrigue and suspense. Great Movie!
6304082428|5.0|I have been an active customer for over three years, and though I've read hundreds of reviews I've never felt compelled to write one... until now.  I won't bore you with commentary on the film versus the book or any summaries.  I will say only this: if you have even the slightest interest whatsoever in buying this collection, YOU ABSOLUTELY MUST!  There is simply no imaginable way you will be disappointed by the purchase.  In fact, I think it nearly impossible for you not to be quite moved and so warmly touched by this incredible film.  Even if you've never read a Jane Austin book (I'm not an Austin fan, well, not yet) and have no interest in period films (I'm not even exactly sure when this story takes place), the fact that you've stumbled upon this page for whatever reason is justification enough TO BUY THIS FILM (I bought it)!  Trust me, I realize how strongly this is written.  I just don't want you to miss the opportunity of owning what will, from day one until far off in the future, be the most viewed and loved movie in your collection.
B00003CXE7|1.0|I believe this is one of the top 10 over-hyped films in recent years--enough hype to garnish a Best Picture from the self-lauding Acedamy.  In all of the two hours of so-called &quot;honor&quot; &quot;courage&quot; and &quot;loyalty,&quot; all I seem to get is bad acting, a contrived story, and fast-moving scenes.  It reminds me of eating a large vat of buttered popcorn, a big box of jujubees washed down with a 64 oz. soda--fills you up, but no nutrition.
0375703764|4.0|I first heard of &quot;House of Leaves&quot; about a year ago on the Internet.  Somebody said it was the best new horror novel they had read in years.  Then when I started working at a bookstore in town, one of my new friends there told me it was the scariest book he had ever read.<br />All of this quite intrigued me.  So I bought the book and read it over a period of about six months.  It's not a quick read, or at least it wasn't for me.  I had to have other, more normal, sane books going on at the same time.  &quot;House of Leaves&quot; is over seven hundred pages long and it's loaded with literary detour signs, unespected landmines (some duds, some live), and good old &quot;holding the book upside down in a mirror so you can read the words printed that way&quot; fun.<br />&quot;House of Leaves&quot; is a contortionist's daydream, and a conservative reader's nightmare.  I fall somewhere in the middle of the spectrum and found myself admiring the new unhallowed ground Danielewski was breaking, but at other times longing for a more conventional, satisfying structure.<br />This whole thing is very postmodern.  The house is aware of itself as a house, and the book is aware of itself as a book.  There is a story of a family moving into a house, trying to sort out its interpersonal demons, and finding that the insides of things (lives, minds, houses) can often be darker, scarier, stranger, and more convoluted than they would appear from the outsides.<br />That alone would have made a great book, told with inventive language and a compelling psychological subtext.<br />But that's just the beginning, the backstory really.  &quot;House of Leaves&quot; is a story inside a story inside a story, etc.  In fact, it puts the dizzying structure of Mary Shelly's &quot;Frankenstein&quot; to shame.<br />In &quot;House of Leaves,&quot; there's a young guy named Johnny Truant who's acting as literary editor, presenting the compelling and disturbing scribblings and ramblings on an old man named Zampano.  Zampano's papers, which are presented posthumously, recount, at times blow-for-blow, a documentary film called &quot;The Navidson Record&quot; of a family moving into a house which proves to be larger on the inside than it is on the outside.<br />There is also another editor above Johnny, who makes comments on top of Johnny's comments.  Johnny finds himself wondering if the old man didn't just make up the whole story about the young family moving into the house, because Johnny is unable to find any corroborating scrap of proof that the film exists.<br />Of course, add into the mix that Johnny is a self-admitted fibber and story teller extroidinaire.  He tells us how much fun he has making up completely bogus stories for the benefit of strangers her meets in bars.<br />Knowing this, the reader has to start to wonder if the old man, Zampano, even exists, or if he's just an invention of Johnny's.  And if you follow that line of thinking too far, you might even start to wonder if the heavy black book you're holding exists.<br />This is the haunted house that's in the film that the old man made up and wrote about as if it were as real as he was, but who was really just a figment of the narrator's fertile imagination, the narrator that doesn't really exist, except on paper and in the reader's mind and imagination...so maybe none of it exists...or all of it does.  Maybe the house has turned on its porch lights somewhere deep, deep inside of you, down all those twisting tunnels and swirling, dark echoing caves.<br />Maybe there's a sign out front.  &quot;For Sale By Owner.&quot;  And under that, in small print, in French, upside down and backwards, &quot;Buyer Beware.&quot;d man named Zampano.  Zampano's papers, which are presented posthumously, recount, at times blow-for-blow, a documentary film called &quot;The Navidson Record&quot; of a family moving into a house which proves to be larger on the inside than it is on the outside.<br />There is also another editor above Johnny, who makes comments on top of Johnny's comments.  Johnny finds himself wondering if the old man didn't just make up the whole story about the young family moving into the house, because Johnny is unable to find any corroborating scrap of proof that the film exists.<br />Of course, add into the mix that Johnny is a self-admitted fibber and story teller extroidinaire.  He tells us how much fun he has making up completely bogus stories for the benefit of strangers her meets in bars.<br />Knowing this, the reader has to start to wonder if the old man, Zampano, even exists, or if he's just an invention of Johnny's.  And if you follow that line of thinking too far, you might even start to wonder if the heavy black book you're holding exists.<br />This is the haunted house that's in the film that the old man made up and wrote about as if it were as real as he was, but who was really just a figment of the narrator's fertile imagination, the narrator that doesn't really exist, except on paper and in the reader's mind and imagination...so maybe none of it exists...or all of it does.  Maybe the house has turned on its porch lights somewhere deep, deep inside of you, down all those twisting tunnels and swirling, dark echoing caves.<br />Maybe there's a sign out front.  &quot;For Sale By Owner.&quot;  And under that, in small print, in French, upside down and backwards, &quot;Buyer Beware.&quot;
B000002LK1|5.0|I recently purchased this CD and recorded it on my computer with Windows Media Player. My favorite track \\"World in my Eyes\\" gets a lot of play. The Windows Media Player is just software (codecs) so the CD doesn't get worn out. There is a lot of bass in this music and I do like bass. Actually it just digitizes the analog music tracks and then copies them to the hard disk. Pretty tight too - 160 K bps. Make that 64 K bps. I guess I don't need to sample \\"Violator\\" any more.
6305076995|4.0|If you are one of those avid Yes fans like me that suffered through the bad sound and poor picture quality of the VHS tape of the Yessongs concert, you will be so happy with this DVD.  I was reluctant to buy the DVD because it seemed that all the sonic and video flaws would probably only be more pronounced in DVD. Was I ever wrong! Through digital magic, the concert has been remastered and sounds and looks beautiful.  If you love Yes, you'll love this DVD.
0790736039|4.0|I first saw this film when I was 9 and I've never been so scared in my life! But I watched IT for the second time last night, 7 years on. I realised that it wasn't scary. Although it's a good movie, and it brought back a lot of memories, it didn't scare me.
B00005JHAD|3.0|Since &quot;Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels&quot; was released in 1998, British cinema has been eager to cash in on its succes with imitators. That could be one of the reasons why &quot;Snatch&quot; is such a disappointment. Its due to the fact that writer/director Guy Ritchie hasn't built on the promise he showed. Yes, his undoubted visual perfection is still there - never so clearly than by the firey opening - but don't believe the film-maker's hype that &quot;Snatch&quot; is 'completely different' to &quot;Lock Stock&quot;. It isn't. But Mr.Madonna's effort is ultimatley damaged, while it also serves to harsh facts: for one, it is becoming very apparent that Ritchie's writing skills are no match for his directorial ones.!
B00003CXRM|5.0|I already wrote a reveiw detailing how good this movie was. This is to the person who says there is a glitch in the dvd. All dvd are duel lawyered now expect for maybe a couple like good fella's which is a flipper, this means that the movie will breifly pause at one scene in the film to pick up the other layer, This may not be the problem you had but i just thought it something you might like to know. The scene is in the last 20 minutes of the movie on my dvd. This is great considering a few years ago you had to flip the disc over halfway thourgh the movie. The only dvd now that I know is like this is goodfellas.
B00003CXN3|4.0|Hollywood has pushed us towards stories with upbeat, tidy endings, that a movie like Traffic is startling. Its subject is the so-called war on drugs, a no-win battle in which there are no heroes and precious few good guys. Rather than offering easy answers, it suggests that we are in so far over our heads trying to stem the flow of cocaine that we are not even asking the right questions.
0060926317|1.0|Unbelievable -- an author who has clearly never met an aboriginal person tells us that she, personally, was chosen as the single vehicle for thousands of years of wisdom by a tribe who has decided to die off (actually, aboriginal people are very much trying to survive).  <br />Some of the author's claims about aboriginal people are clearly New Age fantasies or misplaced ideas about Native Americans -- for instance, she has aboriginal people making &quot;dream catchers&quot; and being called by Native American sounding names -- things that are obviously erroneous to almost any Australian.<br />On top of it, she uses very insulting language to refer to all of the aboriginal people who are not part of her &quot;Real People&quot; tribe (i.e., they are all lazy, corrupted &quot;...&quot;).<br />Just search in any search engine for &quot;Mutant Message Down Under&quot; to get the real deal and hear from the people Morgan is making all her money off of.
B00003CXAR|5.0|Forget Freddy, Jason, Michael Myers or even that Scream guy.  This is the movie that scared the pants off me as a child.  I used to absolutely hate watching horror movies or any other movie that would scare me, but Jaws was so good that it was the only one that I would watch.  Back then, all I knew was that it was scary.  Now, I have a better understanding of WHY it's scary.  The way Spielberg stages the shark attacks, John Williams score announcing the approach of the shark, the fact that you care for the characters.<br />Another thing I notice now that I didn't notice when I was little, is the great chemistry between the three leads.  These are three TOTALLY different characters drawn together by this, and it's fun watching them interact.  Brody, the police chief that's scared to death of the water, yet lives on an island. Hooper, who studies the inhabitants of the ocean and is bent on understanding this shark.  And finally, Quint, the rough and tumble shark hunter who's a bit off his rocker.  Watching these three together is magic, and it keeps this movie from being yet another &quot;people get eaten by monster&quot; flicks.  But as a &quot;people get eaten by monster&quot; flick, this is undoubtably the best.  This and Jurassic Park are the top two in that catagory and it's no shocker that they both florish under the magic touch of Spielberg.  Really, there's not a whole lot to say about the movie besides the great direction, great scares, great acting and the classic score, so let's move on to the DVD, and how does it measure up.<br />Measures up pretty dang good, if you ask me.  I'm loving these hour long documentaries on the last couple of Spielberg discs.  This one is way informative about all aspects of production with interviews with the producers, actors, production designers, shark photographers, and Spielberg himself, this baby lets you in on the trials that went down to make this movie.  A couple of outtakes and deleted scenes are also in there, alongwith trailers and a trivia game, with some DVD Rom features.  These are all worthy.  <br />The only thing that's missing from this is, as with all Spielberg's films, a DIRECTOR'S COMMENTARY!!!  By danggit, we better get one if the Indy Jones flicks make it to DVD.<br />But all in all, this is a more than excellent feature to add to your DVD selection, if only to see the movie in DVD glory.
0440219078|5.0|The Giver is more than a book for young people.  Its unusual approach to a too perfect world will leave more mature readers considering some of today's social practices.  Lowry uses everyday characters in this utopia to ease the reader into her spellbinding fantasy.  After one too many murder mysteries, I found this story to be refreshing but never predictable. This book calls into question the practice of euphemizing the truth for children. Clearly, this story points out the importance of valuing all stages of human life.
6304696566|4.0|This is hands-down the best John Wayne movie ever. And that is saying a lot. It is unbelievable to me that people would take issue, take the PC stance and say that this movie protrays Native Americans in a bad light. At the end of the film, Ethan has given up his hatred and has faced up to the decisions he made in life. He has accepted his half-breed nephew and chose to not kill his niece after searching and finding her after so many hate-filled vigilante years. Why do people want to ignore that our past was filled with prejudice and hatred on both sides--the white man who came to the Americas and the Native Americans who lived here? Why do we ask that movies portray the past other than what it was? The simple, terrible fact is that the whites and the Native American peoples did not get along. It is as old as the ages. If anything, this movie portrays in a rather realistic way the problems between the two cultures. It did exist and it does no one good to ignore that rift. We learn from history by honest rendering, not from being politically correct.
B00005BJC7|5.0|After listening to this album many times I have found that it is an excellent piece of music just as I would expect from Radiohead.  This album sounds alot like Kid A but it's definitely not composed of throwaway songs from the Kid A sessions.  Amnesiac is different than Kid A because it has a different mood and if any of these songs were put on Kid A instead of this album it wouldn't sound right.  I think this album is more sombre and depressing than Kid A.  Songs like &quot;Pyramid Song&quot; and &quot;Life in a Glasshouse&quot; are so powerfully melancholic that they harken back to the OK Computer days.  Alot of people seem to like or totally dislike this album and the reason is that people are divided between those who like Radiohead's new electronic sound and those who don't.  I don't care whether it's electronic or Ok Computer-like, I just like good music.  This is good music in my opinion.  In comparing this album to Kid A I think that a couple of individual songs are better than any of the songs on Kid A (&quot;Pyramid Song&quot;, and &quot;I might be wrong&quot;) but, Kid A is more consistent as a whole than this.  If you're a Radiohead fan I don't know how you couldn't like this album.  I really don't know why anyone would give it any less than 4 stars.  The Limited Edition CD is probably not worth your money unless you want to look at some weird pictures that have showed up on Radiohead albums ever since OK computer.  Definitley buy this album if you liked Kid A.  If you didn't like Kid A I'm not sure if you'll like this one or not because it definitely has some OK Computer-like songs on it.  But, in my opinion I think it's a great album so I would reccommend it to anyone.
B00004RHZU|5.0|This is a tight album. If you like your music with a little less pop and more raw edge, pick up. It's great for anybody who liked her first hit song &quot;There U Go&quot; because you will find the same sort of flavor on here. But I don't think all the songs are the same, just listen to &quot;Split Personality. My mother loves &quot;Let Me Let You Know&quot; because she said it reminds her of Diana Ross &amp; the Supremes. Okaaaaaaay huh, but the softer songs on here are nothing compared to the dance ones. &quot;Most Girls&quot; is unforgettable. Man turn off your CD player and listen to some real music. I give it 5 stars, no questions asked.
014028009X|5.0|BRIDGET JONES'S DIARY by Helen Fielding was a hilarious, laugh-out-loud novel.  I recommend it to anyone who's not easily offended.
6301442962|3.0|Santa or not, I am not a cynic but was bored. Good actors though. I am not going to see this movie a second time if i can help it.
B00000IN5G|5.0|I had heard of CoB from several other fans of bands such as Dark Tranquillity and In Flames. I decided to give em a look, check out their early material. Man was I blown away, these guys are brutal and melodic at the same time. CoB blows the doors off of every Limp Bizkit, Korn, Kid Rock band out there.<br />To start, these guys are from Finland, which also produced great bands such as Sentenced and Stratovarius. These guys primarily use those brutal, trademark death vox. I love em, while can't understand what hes saying half the time (hey thats what the lyrics in the manual are for, even if half the songs are missing from it....)The greatest thing about these guys are they can be brutal, but keep the beutiful melodic guitar underlying each heavy, chugging riff. Even if the lyrics maybe a bit cryptic at times (&quot;I see angels burning, falling down in ruins&quot;), who cares? Just adds to the brutality of the music.<br />Standout songs on this cd are numerous. One being the brutal intro &quot;Warheart&quot;. The cd crypticly begins &quot;From now on we are enemies.....you and I...&quot;, and than your hit over the head with crushing base riff and the pounding synths come in and your off. The follow up to this song is beutiful and amazing. &quot;Silent Night Bodom Night&quot;, this is a powerful song. Its crushing at the begining with the underlying melodic guitar and pounding double bass. But than comes the chorus which is freaken amazing, the way it builds up cant be put into words. The closer to the cd is amazing as well, a truely epic song (not necesarrily long, just strong in the feeling), &quot;Downfall&quot;. It starts off with some synth-e ringing but then comes in a beutiful riff that slowly builds up just as the symbols slowly tap, as Laiho lets out a death scream, sending Raatikainen pounding like a mad man on the double bass, blistering fast. Ill also mention that the solo near the end of the song is top notch work, Laiho did a freaken amazing job on itand its one of my fav solos currently.<br />Overall, these guys are brutal and melodic. They keep the pounding agressiveness but keep that underlying melody to keep the music from going stale. These guys are amazing, and I look forward to picking up Follow the Reaper. Get this cd if you enjoy listening to crushing drums, crushing guitars and pounding overall music.
630528069X|5.0|I guess you have already seen this movie atleast once. If you haven't watch it, any action lover should be pleased the way the sequences are handled. The director John Mctiernan also directed &quot;Predator&quot; ... to me another class action movie. Both Predator and Die hard are very tight and pacy. Action here is slick, intelligent and at the same time hard-boiled. Bruce Willis looks cool as the &quot;trying my best&quot; cop, and he continued it in the next two parts of Die Hard. Die Hard 2 and D.H. With vengeance are actually very good, but comparing them with the first part makes them fell shorter. So I would say if you are looking to add a slick action movie to your collection, buy this one (or The matrix or Broken Arrow). <br />I can give you one assurance you can watch it over and over again. I have seen it 5-6 times, and never got bored with it. After all Bruce Willis look super cool in white vest and trouser.
B0000584V3|5.0|You've probably read the other reviews (or will shortly), several of which contain quite helpful information about the band and the album. I just have this to contribute: <br />If you have heard Opeth before, then you know what to expect as far as overall sound and quality. The guitars sound much more layered than before and the bass is much improved over the not-to-shabby &quot;Still Life&quot;. On certain songs (&quot;Bleak&quot; in particular)there are riffs that have a decidedly middle eastern sound to them, which works extremely well.  As far as how the album stacks up to their previous four, you needn't concern yourself. As always, I am unable to pick a favorite album, but this is absolutely top-notch in every aspect. There are several songs on here destined to be classic Opeth songs, such as &quot;The Drapery Falls&quot;, &quot;Blackwater Park&quot; and especially &quot;Bleak&quot;. Well, as there is little point in preaching to the converted, suffice to say that this album will not let you down in any respect. Big Mike is at the pinnacle of his abilities.<br />For those of you who have yet to experiance Opeth, allow me to say a few things briefly.  The fact that you are checking them out to begin with is a step in the right direction. If you are sitting there pondering whether or not to part with your hard-earned dollars for a band you've never heard, think about this: the sixteen or seventeen dollars it costs to purchase this ablum will be completely meaningless in a relatively short period of time. However, I assure you, the experiance of hearing Opeth for the first time is something you will never forget. I am not the type of guy who is particularly emotional or sentimental. But this album swirls through your mind in a way nothing else in the world can. If you are concerned about the death metal vocals, don't be. Their music is such that you can be completely drawn in without an appreciation of that type of singing. Please, if you possibly can, get this album. For yourself. I promise you will discover a beautiful new world. Enjoy.
B00003CXA6|5.0|The quintessential movie for U.S. Military History Buffs .  Sure it is the &quot;longest movie ever made&quot; , but with such heroic acts as &quot;Pickett's Charge&quot; and &quot;The assault on Little Roundtop&quot; , it is a &quot;must have&quot; for any serious history lover<br />To be fair ,  Robert E. Lee is played horribly by Martin Sheen , and it is quite clear that the author of the &quot;killer angels&quot; (which the movie is based on)  was a fan of confederate general Longstreet's version of the battle .  All in all this movie captures the awe inspiring magnitude of the greatest battle in our nations history and offers the human eye a chance to see that which has not been witnessed in 137 years . Finally , one can see what 15,000 rebel clad soldiers looked like as they formed up and marched into the jaws of death .  Anyone who enjoys this movie needs to , and i mean NEEDS TO !!!! Get there butts up to Gettysburg every summer during July 4th weekend to see and support the Reenactments they hold each year .  Three years ago I had the pleasure of seeing 15,000 reenactors there . Let me just tell you , there were no words that could describe it .  This movie is a classic american war masterpiece because it does not force you to choose either union or confederate sides , it allows you to pay homage to both sides as brave american's who voluntarily (for the most part) fought and died for that which they believed was sacred .
0425156842|5.0|If you have ever wondered why your existance is so useless or meaningfull then this book is for you, it combines a lovable story with histroy, philosophy, science, question and facts to provide ANYONE with the essential 'Beginners Guide' to finding The Meaning Of Life And Existance. WARNING: If you read this book it will force you to think for yourself and spark a feeling in you, which will fuel a desire for learning and a desire to delve into ancient to modern history literature. Your life will change with this book.
B00003CXSP|1.0|This movie is one of the biggest disappointments EVER. First of all, it is nowhere close to being as good as either Manhunter or Silence of the Lambs. In those movies, Hannibal was a smart, cunning villain who used his mind to scare you to death. <br />In this movie, Hannibal is no different that Freddy Krueger, Jason, or even that ... doll Chucky. The movie is so predictable that even a small child could pick out every character who was going to die within the first five minutes of the movie. <br />Another huge flaw was the way in which Hannibal's victims met their end. The italian cop is killed by Hannibal after he goes up to apprehend him and conveniently forgets to bring his gun along with him....then the two hitmen who do manage to remember to bring guns to get Hannibal with just seem to freeze for no apparent reason while Hannibal slashes them with a small knife. <br />And maybe it was just me, but the way Mason Verger was killed made absolutely NO sense what so ever. And what the hell was up with the killer pigs? Killer pigs?!?!?! I should  have realized at that point that the movie would be a complete mess. <br />Anyways, the movie is gory...and it will gross just about everyone out. But it is in no way scary or suspenseful at all. There is very little difference between this movie or Hellraiser....<br />Disappointing, very disappointing.....
0684857219|1.0|The day i bought this book i read it for about ten minutes and then went and got a refund from the shop where i bought it from. I realised that it was just for people on steroids so what good was that to me. Being such a legend and icon to so many people around the world arnie didn't even have the sence to consider us naturals, how can he say to train six times a week and a muscle part more than once a week when we all know that it is the wrong way to go. I reccomend a book by Zef Eizenberg called &quot;Natural Training That Works&quot; he is very high up in the company &quot;Maximuscle&quot; who are the leading suppliment company over here in England.
B00004XOWM|5.0|This is a great cd if you want great music with a great beat. Also, it is a cd to get you away from all of that \\"Boy Band\\" crap that is in the mainstream right now. Fred, Lethal, Otto, and Wes all come together to form an explosive album that gets back to the old roots of \\"3 Dollar Bill\\". And unlike Significant Other, which is also a great cd, Choc. Starfish and the Hotdog Flavored Water is well worth the money because all of the songs are longer and have a great beat. And i say ... all of the people that think that Limp is a sellout. Great cd, PERIOD!
B00003CXP1|5.0|Requiem was the first DVD I ever bought without seeing the film first. After watching it over and over, I can say that I'm incredibly happy that I did. The cast is absolutely dead on. It was an experience just to watch each character through out the three acts. Especially Ellen Burstyn, who was so robbed at the Oscars. Burstyn conveyed so much range and emotion as Sara Goldfarb that it was like she was possesed. I was also surprised by Marlon Wayans who played a somewhat serious role and showed he could be a great actor one day. (But Scary Movie 2 has gotta come first, ya know) Of course Darren Aronofsky's direction is incredible and he paces the movie perfectly. The DVD has plenty of extras to feed your need, and the commentary is insightful but I kept wanting to turn it off so I could hear the sweet music. Overall, Requiem... is the total package.
B000003S5H|5.0|Chill out comes in many forms however Air have got it down to a &quot;T&quot; with Moon Safari. Unlike many chillout DJ's who persist on using silly percusion samples and a little melody Air have got a winning formular. These tracks are chilling and have substance to them. Their long synthesiser chords carry their tunes whilst giving you breathing space to imagine. Some of these tracks are a little up beat (Kelly Watch The Stars) however even these are brilliant.<br />I would have to say just like many others that Moon Safari is their best album.
0345360338|5.0|If tragedy is the genre that depicts people triumphant in defeat, then this trilogy is, indeed, a tragedy.  If I say that Wales is the true protagonist of the triology, I may leave the wrong impression, for there is nothing impersonal about Penman's triology.  You will admire, love, and mourn Joanna and Llewelyn, Simon and Nell, Elen and Rob de Quincy, Ellen and Llewelyn II, and yes, Elizabeth and Davydd.  But, over and over, you will grieve for Wales and the Welsh people, and yet Wales and its people still endure-to our joy and admiration.  I have never been so moved by historical fiction.  Please read this triology.  Begin with Here Be Dragons and I guarantee you will read Falls the Shadow and the Reckoning.  And when you have finished them, read The Sunne in Splendour (the best historical ever written) and When Christ and His Saints Slept.  Then go back and begin the triology again--you won't be sorry.
B00003CX5A|4.0|An intense and beautifully mastered tale starring Johnny Depp and Christina Ricci. Johnny Depp plays the young detective Ichabod Crane, who is sent to Sleepy Hollow to solve a number of murders that have occurred one after another. Crane finds it awfully strange that the head of each slain human is taken, and soon finds out that the murderer is the 20 year old spirit of the Headless Horseman(Christopher Walken), a former Hessian Mercenary who had his head chopped off during the Revolutionary War. Christina Ricci offers a dull [...] performance as Katrina Van Tassel, the love interest of Crane. The movie is based on the short story \\"Sleepy Hollow\\" by Washington Irving.<br />The film offers an unexpected mystery involving the victims of the Headless Horseman (that's all I'm going to say). It also offers several scenes of fairly gory decapitations, and a cameo by former horror actor Christopher Lee as a judge.<br />With the exception of Ricci, each actor/actress offers a stunning performance. The film offers an edge of your seat plot, good special effects, and magnificent artwork and sets.
B00000J2PH|5.0|Carole King's Tapestry album has a song for every mood. If you're excited, listen to &quot;I feel the earth move.&quot; If you're sad there is a song on the album for you to sing along, and express yourself. If you're in the mood for love, (of life), you can sing just about any song on the album. Tapestry itself is so creative, expressing the general theme of Carole King's life, and how various events were woven her together to the artist she became. She'll get you through both happy times, and the down times, with  her soothing, deep expressions of life's recurrent themes: Love, happiness, changes.
B000003TA4|5.0|I wrote a review a couple of months ago on this album. I love the album but have since come to the conclusion that it was a mistake for me to try and objectify music or any art form created out of the emotions of its artists with my poor critiques.  Who am  I to call a piece of music great or horrible?  My pretentions got  the best of me.  As for the album, I like it a lot.  But then again that's  just my opinion.
B000002G87|5.0|I can't imagine what I could say about LAYLA that you haven't read or heard ad nauseum already.  I'll just point out that it is, along with only a handful of other Rock records, an actual piece of art, not just a band fulfilling a contractual obligation or a series of ineffectual attempts at charting a single in order to make money.<br />This is the real deal, an artist poring heart and soul into his music to tell a story of heartbrake, dispair and depression.  And, while everyone has heard the guitar poetry and the blind rage of &quot;Layla,&quot; it is the drunken bravado of &quot;Key To The Highway&quot; and the almost religious glorification of the other on Hendrix's &quot;Little Wing&quot; that makes LAYLA AND OTHER ASSORTED LOVE SONGS one of the classics for me.<br />This is an absolute masterpiece, one of the greatest Rock albums ever recorded.
B00003CX5A|4.0|An intense and beautifully mastered tale starring Johnny Depp and Christina Ricci. Johnny Depp plays the young detective Ichabod Crane, who is sent to Sleepy Hollow to solve a number of murders that have occurred one after another. Crane finds it awfully strange that the head of each slain human is taken, and soon finds out that the murderer is the 20 year old spirit of the Headless Horseman(Christopher Walken), a former Hessian Mercenary who had his head chopped off during the Revolutionary War. Christina Ricci offers a dull and pathetic performance as Katrina Van Tassel, the love interest of Crane. The movie is based on the short story &quot;Sleepy Hollow&quot; by Washington Irving.<br />The film offers an unexpected mystery involving the victims of the Headless Horseman (that's all I'm going to say). It also offers several scenes of fairly gory decapitations, and a cameo by former horror actor Christopher Lee as a judge.<br />With the exception of Ricci, each actor/actress offers a stunning performance. The film offers an edge of your seat plot, good special effects, and magnificent artwork and sets.
B00003CXDZ|1.0|I went into this film expecting to see exciting production numbers, great chemistry between the characters, and non-stop &quot;eye candy&quot;.  The overly-frenetic style of the editing spoiled all of that to a major extent.  Even the opening number, a creative melding of the songs &quot;Lady Marmalade&quot; and &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot; had the camera whizzing around much too rapidly for it to be enjoyable.  The plot was choppy and just plain silly.  The character development was non-existant.  The volume on the dialogue was often too soft, and the volume on the songs was often painfully loud.<br />Ugh!  Sheer torture!  If I hadn't gone with someone I would have walked out 10-20 minutes into the film.  I sent an e-mail panning this movie to my friends, and I got back two immediate responses that they, too, wanted to leave early but sat through the entire horrid mess.
B00005KB9T|5.0|Don't you love it when a record company puts out a &quot;Deluxe Edition&quot; of an album (such as is the case with &quot;Catch a Fire&quot; some) and then six months later puts out a reissue of the same album with bonus tracks? Tacking on two extra tracks to the U.S. mix of &quot;Catch a Fire&quot; gives Marley fans a dilemma : the &quot;Deluxe Edition&quot; or this edition? I don't think Bob Marley would have approved of such corporate cynicism. I can't help but rate this CD five stars on its historical and artistic merits (even though I prefer the leaner Jamaican mix on the second disk of the &quot;Deluxe Edition&quot; to the organ-drenched U.S. mix), but I feel cheated neverthless.
B000001FA4|3.0|The first major step U2 took from fashionable cult status to superstardom, THE UNFORGETTABLE FIRE seems, from the distance of more than 15 years, a muffled and mixed set of atmospheric Rock.<br />Listening to this CD now it seems obvious that there's a little too much Brian Eno and a bit too litle U2 in the mix.  The songwriting is all over the map, from solid rockers--&quot;A Sort Of Homecoming,&quot; &quot;Pride,&quot; &quot;The Unforgettable Fire&quot;--to extended riffs, like &quot;Wire,&quot; and lazy atmospherics like &quot;Promenade&quot; and &quot;4th Of July.&quot; <br />And there's &quot;Bad,&quot; a piece of brilliance.<br />At the time it was released, it seemed THE UNFORGETTABLE FIRE was a major leap forward and a pinnacle of U2's career.  Looking back, it was only the first step, and not the height of their career.
B00005B4GU|5.0|I keep replacing this album in my CD player because the songs follow me around until eventually I have to listen to them again. Packt like sardines is bizarrely catchy, Pyramid Song is utterly beautiful especially the middle section, Pulk is like a sinister nursery rhyme (and is very underrated),You and whose army is defiant but defeated, I might be wrong is honest-to-god optimism and a great tune with sweet vocals,Knives out is one of my favourites and has great lyrics,Amnesiac/Morning bell has a genuinely sorrowful air, Dollars and Cents is forceful and intense, Hunting Bears is disconnected and lonely, Spinning plates is hypnotic and Life in a glasshouse is emotion on a stick (with jazz). So yes I love it.You might do or might not but it's certainly far from Kid A rejects and more than worth the couple of listens it'll take to find out.
B00003CXRP|1.0|My wife and I watched this together and both have very different tastes in movies, we both agreed this was one of the most boring thoughtless movies ever made.  I've seen triumphant dramas that had much more substance and a well conceived plot.  This could have been written by a 11 year old. Just my opinion...
6303149200|5.0|[This is in reference to the 102-minute version]<br />Check yourself - if you don't know IN ADVANCE what the Easter Bunny is really all about, don't waste your time with Wicker Man; it's going to go right past you.  If you can't imagine watching ANY movie five or six times, don't waste your time watching this once; it's like giving yourself a two-day weekend to visit Tokyo.  And if you're not comfortable with a movie unless you've got it slotted by genre, the characters sorted by stereotype, and the two or three possible endings figured out by the end of the first reel, you're going to be much, much happier watching &quot;Swordfish.&quot;  <br />But for the grown-ups, this is an absolute treasure.  If you've read The Golden Bough, Heart of Darkness, or Anthony Burgess, you get ALL the jokes in Wicker Man, Apocalypse Now, and Clockwork Orange, where the kiddies are seeing only Willow work the wall, lots of explosions, and a couple of violent rapes. <br />I once saw a comment in print to the effect that you can't say you're a cool person until you've seen Faster, Pussycat!  Kill!Kill!  OK, if you've got an IQ that breaks into three digits, you haven't completed your cultural education till you've seen Wicker Man TWICE.  And I speak as one who passed on this movie for years, thinking it was some lame cross between the Lottery and Children of the Corn.<br />  ********************************<br />[DEFINITE SPOILER] I've seen and heard comments from some Christians who're deeply disturbed by Wicker Man.  Look again, folks, and keep your eyes fixed on Edward Woodward.  When was the last time you saw such a naked confession of faith in a general-release movie?  When was the last time you saw a Christian character made a martyr precisely BECAUSE he was acting to the highest standards of duty, honor, and morality?
0393312836|5.0|A Clockwork Orange is a story of the life of a gangster, Alex, and his three droogs (friends), Peter, George, and Dim. What the book reveals about Alex and human nature is startling and must not be taken for a tale of pure madness and ultra-violence. Unfortunately, movie-watchers were only naturally entertained, without understanding the philosophical message behind it. The theme is mixed with Burgess's 'Nadsat language' derived from various languages, mostly Russian. This is the 'lingo' of the gang. One misunderstanding is that the word 'orange' in the title does not mean an orange, it means man derived from Malay. In the preface to this book it becomes all too clear that Burgess is talking about a man who can be wound up like a clock by God or the Devil and has no free will to choose what to be. The priest in the Staja jail also says something like &quot;A man who cannot choose ceases to be a man.&quot; What lies beneath Burgess's tale of rape and ultra-violence and undergoing a dangerous treatment for it is a notion of how human nature is never all good nor all evil and to make a clockwork orange of a person is to dehumanize him.
0872860175|5.0|More that just a book of timeless ingenious poetry. It is a response to America during the late forties and early fifties, it sums up the ideas and feelings of a generation of young americans beat by the remains of a world war. It is the most influential work on the American poetical voice Walt Whitman. There will never be another poet like Allen. Buddha, Vishnu, God, may you rest his soul.
B000007T2Z|4.0|To sit through this cd is truly an experience.  Anyone who owns this cd will agree.  Whether your sprawled out on the lawn or curled up under your bedsheets, this cd will take you through the depths of your mind.  From the moment you hit play on your cd player a whole different world unravels itself with each passing second.  Everytime you listen to hit your in for a surprise.  I highly suggest this cd to anyone who likes GOOD music, anyone who is looking to try different styles of music.  This is a beautiful and disastrous cd.  It's a waste to try and sum it up into words.
B00005LLKT|5.0|man this is one of the best movies i have ever seen. Brad Pitt and Tom Cruise are great actors and the two together made the perfect pair. After seeing this movie i felt the same way Christian Slater did in the end, oh what I wouldn't give to have been the places Lewi had been and seen the things he did. It left my imagination running for days. Now I want to read the book. And Perhaps the rest of the series.
B000002I2M|5.0|Some of the most powerful music ever recorded.  Get the replica vinyl or the cd box set though as the sound quality is much improved
B000002HH9|5.0|This album is by far one of the best from The Cure. Robert Smith introduced Jason Cooper as his new drummer and brought back Roger O'Donnell. Obviously, this was another brilliant decision by a genius. With this new lineup, they made a fabulous album. Each and every song is different, beautiful, and has a brilliant message. This album truly is a wild mood swing. Each song makes you feel either happy (Return), depressed, in love (Jupiter Crash), heartbroken(Strange Attraction), discontent (Want), motivated (Gone), lonely,and lustful (13th). But those are just the moods of the album. The sound is incredible. They're fast and light, slow and dark, heavy, pretty much anything you can imagine is on this album. Even if you're not a Cure you should buy this because there is something in it for every music lover to enjoy.
B000002P5W|5.0|It's still amazing though, perhaps his most pychdelic album.  a gem of soorts
B000002GFC|4.0|The songs were great and easy to learn words to even if you are  not a Cream fan by age. My favorites were \\"Tale of Brave Ulysses\\", \\"White room\\", and last but not least, \\"Crossroads\\". The price for this Cd at amazon.com is so much lower then regular prices. I wish i could have bought my copy from here!
B000002I2G|4.0|Some of the most powerful music ever recorded.  Get the replica vinyl or the cd box set though as the sound quality is much improved
6305537798|4.0|After seeing Julia Stile's newest film &quot;Save The Last Dance&quot; I decided to rent &quot;10 Things&quot;. I saw it in the theatre when it was first released. As an adult with 2 teenage boys I enjoyed it, probably because it reminded me of my own high school days in the late '60s. Some things never change!  Probably the deepest thing said in the flick was the line  that went like &quot;don't let anyone tell you you're not good enough&quot;. Heath Ledger [was this his first film}] was great as the mysterious new kid in town [see him in &quot;The Patriot&quot;!] I like Julia Stiles. She's pretty but not too cute and comes off as smart in both this film and &quot;Save The Last Dance&quot;.  The music score is good and the band playing on the roof of the school is great at the end. If you like Ferris Bueller type films, you'll like this one.
B000002I25|5.0|Some of the most powerful music ever recorded.  Get the replica vinyl or the cd box set though as the sound quality is much improved
B00005KHJT|5.0|In Britain we have not had a release of the Tv version, but this has finally been released in America, only previously avaliable in the 2 Disc Limited edition.  With 12 mins of extra footage shot for tv, it makes the story a bit more understandable.  This limited edition is the same price as the other release but has films cells from a original Halloween, I think.  So it is worth buying this just for the freeby!
B00004SZWD|5.0|A very summery record in my opinion.  I don't like to play this out of the summer months
B000002H97|4.0|There's a few ways of looking at Metallica (The Black Album.) First in the eyes of a old school Kill 'Em All fan. Then a radio bred &quot;new&quot; Metallica fan who probably didn't know anything existed before &quot;One.&quot; Or last just a Rock and Roll fan who couldn't give a rat's ... about whether or not Metallica sold out. <br />For the first fan, you will probably not like this album. It is not Master of Puppets. Fortunately it isn't Load either. And I think ANY Metallica fan will agree that the production here is a million times better than on &quot;And Justice For All.&quot; Bob Rock did a masterful job at the controls here. There are a couple of slow songs (Unforgiven, Nothing Else Matters) but don't forget Fade to Black or Welcome Home (Sanitarium.) This is not a new thing for Metallica. There are still a few rockers on here, but nothing with the speed of Damage Inc. that so many Metallica fans depended on as they depended on air to breathe.<br />For the radio listener, man are you in luck. I think half of the songs on this album went Top 40. Enter Sandman (of course) was the most played Hard Rock song of all time. Just don't forget that life did exist before the Black Album. Once upon a time there was this great bass player named Cliff Burton...........<br /> Enter Sandman isn't the most played HR/HM song of all time for no reason. It's a killer song with a groove that will still be around for a long time to come. The Unforgiven is also a really good song. Other stand-out songs include The God That Failed, Nothing Else Matters, Sad But True and Of Wolf and Man. So my suggestion is buy this album. There is good reason that this was Metallica's break out album.
B000002I2I|5.0|Some of the most powerful music ever recorded.  Get the replica vinyl or the cd box set though as the sound quality is much improved
0887306101|5.0|Not a whole lot of information on how to, but more of an example of what others have done.  Very enjoyable to read, I couldn't put it down.
B000002I27|5.0|Some of the most powerful music ever recorded.  Get the replica vinyl or the cd box set though as the sound quality is much improved
B000021XS0|5.0|Being a fairly new drummer, I have frequently heard Mike Portnoy's name mentioned in many drum conversations.  After a while, I just had to purchase a Dream Theater CD.  I purchased \\"Awake\\" and I was impressed... but I was still more impressed by Rush.  When I purchased \\"Scenes From A Memory\\", I listened to it and I was floored.
B0000060NF|5.0|One of the most influential records on my life.  One that stays in the mind and consciousness for years
B000002UJQ|5.0|I bought OK Computer a while ago, because a friend had recommended it after i borrowed U2. I bought it and listened to it and what not, and the only song i could listen to was karma police. now after about half a year i realized that i listen to it more than any other album i own. my favorite is No Surprises. It is such a pretty song. it took a long time to get out of my critisising mode and listen to it. buy this album and just listen. it is beautiful music.
B000007S5B|5.0|Some of the most powerful music ever recorded.  Get the replica vinyl or the cd box set though as the sound quality is much improved
B00005221M|5.0|This fantasic movie with unbelivable camera-work, superb acting, and a stellar music score, make this movie one of the best out there. It is historicy accurate and the fight scenes will blow you away.
B000002ADT|5.0|Tremendously influential on my musical life, part of my consciousness
B00000K0DT|5.0|This movie is by far the best suspense film on the planet. The  fantastic acting by an amazing cast, mixed with a thick and well planned out plot, makes this movie a jaw-dropping hour and 45 min , which leaves the veiwer unsure of who really is keizer sose, and by the time the movie is over, all you can say is &quot;wow&quot;. If you want to see a dumfounded look on all of your friends, get this, now.
0790736942|5.0|William Friedkin winds a tale mischief with a tale of evil. When a normal 12-year-old girl begins a curious journey with a Quija board, strange things start to happen. From deaths related to the Macneil family, to strange phenomena occuring inside the little girls bedroom.... When released into theaters, this movie plagued peoples dreams FOREVER! USA Today nominated this movie the scariest ever made, and I have to agree with them!
B00005B4GU|5.0|I've noticed that about 90% of the reviewers on here are comparing 'Amnesiac' to 'Kid A' to 'OK Computer'. This annoys me more than anything, as all three albums are equally brilliant. It's also clear that many people are disregarding 'Kid A' completely, which leaves me to wonder just how many supposed &quot;fans of music&quot; still have their minds intact.<br />I wish people would accept Radiohead's music for what it is, and not what they want it to be! I mean, come on. One guy on here is calling the songs on 'Amnesiac' outtakes from 'Kid A', and he didn't even understand 'Kid A' to begin with. That's mind-boggling.<br />Another thing: I think the main reason as to why people were so shocked and confused with 'Kid A' is that it is generally uncommon for a band as globally successful as Radiohead to radically re-invent their sound as they did. This also proves the point that so few bands are being creative these days...well, at least few bands who are recognised on a global level.<br />Listen to 'Amnesiac' if you're going to listen to it! Listen for what's there and not what you want to hear. Hopefully there are people out there who can do this without having to be asked.
0790743132|5.0|Interesting how a film this small (in length) can still have such a powerful effect on us today. Though most would say it is a sappy, corny film for today; it is, however, a very romantic and potent film that deals with separated love and the rekindling of one's feeling for another, despite the fact that one is married with another man whom she loves, and the other has moved on with his life.<br />Directed by Hungarian director Michael Curtiz, a stock director of many Warner Bros. films, and starring Humphrey Bogart and Ingrid Bergman as Richard &quot;Rick&quot; Blaine and Ilsa Lund Laszlo, the lovers in question. With such powerful and mesmerizing chemistry, these two light up the screen as never before. Bergman shows such innocence and beauty to this role that you kind of wonder why she was nominated for an Oscar (she was, however, nominated that same year in 1943 for Best Actress in FOR WHOM THE BELLS TOLL, she lost to Jennifer Jones). Bogart, of course, brings the rugged charm and swagger of the American to the otherwise foreign country of Casablanca. (He was nominated for Best Actor that year for this role, but lost Paul Lukas.) Bogart and Bergman bring the tenderness to the film as well, when they flashed back to the time they met in Paris - dancing, drinking champagne, driving a convertible through France like lovers; all this just before Germany took over France. Then, they tried to escape together! Unbeknownst to Rick at the time, Ilsa was already married to another man, Czech freedom fighter and rebel leader Victor Laszlo, played with worldly charm by Paul Henreid. Ilsa leaves Rick for Victor, whom she thought was dead, and he takes off to Casablanca alone - well, not alone; he is accompanied by his black pianist and friend Sam, played by singer Dooley Wilson.<br />Months pass by and Rick sets up shop in Casablanca, Moracco. His bar/restaurant/casino is called Rick's, the place to be! It is the oasis in the desert! Everyone comes to Rick's, including the dreaded Nazis! Led by Major Heinrich Strasser, played by Conrad Veidt, he is on the look out for Victor Laszlo and others who are among the cause against Nazi Germany. Assisting Strasser is Captain Louis &quot;Louie&quot; Renault, played with comedic charm and sexist undertones by British actor Claude Rains, who received a Best Supporting Actor nomination for this role. You can tell that Rains is having fun with this role, smiling every so often that you can't help but like the guy, even though he's on the German's side.  <br />There are others thrown in the mix of things. Sydney Greenstreet plays the overweight and tricky Ferrari; Peter Lorre is the drowsy-eyed, sniveling Ugarte, who has the courier papers to get out of Casablanca. And S.Z. &quot;Cuddles&quot; Sakall plays Carl, the headwaiter at Rick's. (NOTE: Bogart, Greenstreet, Lorre, and Rains all co-starred together in 1941's THE MALTESE FALCON and other films for Warner Bros.)<br />There are perhaps the most memorable lines in this film than any other. Such as: &quot;Here's lookin' at you, kid&quot;; &quot;I stick my neck out for nobody&quot;; &quot;Louie, this could be the beginning of a beautiful friendship&quot;; and &quot;Of all the gin joint and all the taverns and all the saloons in the world, she had to walk into mine,&quot; (the latter has been used, altered, and changed for the years by other copycats that I'm not sure how it goes anymore); and the big speech of &quot;you'll regret it; maybe not today, maybe not tomorrow, but soon and for the rest of your life.&quot; Laszlo himself isn't without good moments, as we see him instruct Rick's orchestra to play the French national anthem and drowning out the Germans as they see their country's anthem. (A truly inspiring moment that even inspired me with my film PRISONER OF WAR!) There's also the romantic ballad that Sam plays on his piano called &quot;As Time Goes By,&quot; the song that Rick and Ilsa remember as their love song. It stirs up old memoriesand rekindles the old flame again. And there's that wonderful score by Max Steiner, who also wrote the moving score to GONE WITH THE WIND. <br />Later on, after we've established their past, Ilsa and Victor need Rick's help in getting them out of Casablanca. But love triumphs in the end, and Rick gives them the visa papers (Ugarte had them hidden in Sam's piano). It all comes to an end when they meet one last time at the plane terminal. The plane takes off and both Ilsa and Laszlo take off just as Strasser appears! Rick shoots him dead, and Louie tells the guards: &quot;Round up the usual suspects!&quot; And it all ends, Rick and Louie walk away in the foggy night as the film plays the French anthem once more before fading out this truly classic film.<br />Winner of 3 Academy Awards including: Best Picture - Hal B. Wallis, producer; Best Director - Michael Curtiz; and Best Adapted Screenplay (from the play) - Howard Koch and Philip &amp; Julius Epstein.<br />They sure don't make movies like this anymore. (What a shame!)
B0000025DT|5.0|I bought this album back in high school and just about wore it out. In my opinion, it is there best album, second only to &quot;Face the Music&quot;. While I have always liked the way Jeff Lynn melds strings and electric derived music for that beautiful and sometimes haunting sound, &quot;New World Record&quot; hits the sweet spot of pop melody and pure rock, a little more so than other ELO masterpieces like &quot;Eldorado&quot; and &quot;On the Third Day&quot;. It's got everything from FM radio pop classics like &quot;Telephone Line&quot; and &quot;Livin' Thing&quot; to funky &quot;So Fine&quot; to the rockin' &quot;Do Ya&quot; and &quot;Rockeria&quot;. &quot;Mission&quot; and &quot;Shangri-La&quot; add that special haunting magic that sets ELO apart. Just when you think they are getting too sappy, they hit you hard. They are the THE band that makes classical, synthesizer and occasionally hard edge guitar really work. Queen comes close, but from a completely different place.
B00003CXDZ|4.0|At first, I was a little put off by the sheer craziness of the film's first ten minutes. But once the film retreats a takes a break, you start to enjoy the opulent setting of 1900 Paris, the sweet and tender songs of today and yesterday, the alluring costumes, and the very good acting involved.<br />Nicole Kidman is Satine, a courtesan working at the Moulin Rouge who desperately wants to be an actress. (I can relate to that!) Ewan McGregor plays Christian, the young writer who falls in love with Satine and they begin their romance by singing love tunes to each other. There are many songs here such as: Madonna's \\"Like a Virgin\\" and \\"Material Girl,\\" Elton John's \\"How Wonderful,\\" LaBelle's \\"Lady Marmalade\\" (already a single's hit in the country) and many others! The songs are used to convey the characters' emotions.<br />Their obstacle is the Duke of Worcester, played by Richard Roxbaugh, who wants to marry Satine and help make her the actress she's always wanted to be. However, she can't stay away from Christian, which drives the Duke mad! He threatens to have Christian killed if she doesn't make love to him! She can't do it, and runs back to Christian! They have their big night at the Moulin Rouge when their musical opens. It ends when Satine, dying from an inherent disease, dies on stage in Christian's arms. A very sad moment, that, strangely, was very effective! Not like other sappy films that are manipulative with their point (i.e. PAY IT FORWARD).<br />John Leguizamo also lends a hand, playing the miniature artist/painter Henri Toulouse-Lautrec who helps Christian with his writing his musical for the Moulin Rouge. (A role previously played by Jose Ferrer in John Huston's 1952 version of MOULIN ROUGE.)<br />Directed by Australian director Baz Luhrmann, who also directed STRICTLY BALLROOM and ROMEO + JULIET, brings a new and exciting tale that has been told quite often. Luhrmann also wrote the script with Craig Pearce.<br />This is a wonderful example of a genre that is sorely missed and can still wow them even in today's cinematic society.
B00004YKUY|1.0|I have to say this new album with the NEW Steve is a disappointment to me.  All the hype about him looking and sounding like Steve Perry is nonsense.  He doesn't even compare to Steve Perry.  This is not saying he isn't a talented singer.  It is just that Steve Perry is a phenomenally good singer. After the awesome Trial by Fire I was shocked that Journey went with a new singer due to personal problems with Perry.  I think that it is a shame that can't separate business from personal feelings like other have to do frequently in a working environment.  I think Perry had a lot more to contribute to Journey if given the chance.  I went to see Journey two years back and didn't even know Perry was replaced.  Was very disappointed to say the least.  Hopefully Journey will come to their senses and realize that Perry is very important to Journey's past and future success.
0618135871|1.0|Phillip Roth has become the worst type of writer, an educated dirty old man. The Dying Animal is a stunningly misogynistic, and deeply flawed account of a man's attempts to justify his own shortcomings as a sexual being. Without the subtlety and grace of Nabokov's &quot;Lolita&quot;, the Dying Animal is a boring account of a boring, pathetic old man, and at the end of the novel we are left with absolutely no impression that Roth has any understanding of his central character, other than the fact that he obviously likes young breasts. Roth's brief peak as a writer would seem to be over, and this novel is a puerile demonstration of bad writing dressed up for the intellectual set. Truly awful...go and read Lolita.
B00004YKUY|1.0|I have to say this new album with the NEW Steve is a disappointment to me.  All the hype about him looking and sounding like Steve Perry is nonsense.  He doesn't even compare to Steve Perry.  This is not saying he isn't a talented singer.  It is just that Steve Perry is a phenomenally good singer. After the awesome Trial by Fire I was shocked that Journey went with a new singer due to personal problems with Perry.  I think that it is a shame that can't separate business from personal feelings like other have to do frequently in a working environment.  I think Perry had a lot more to contribute to Journey if given the chance.  I went to see Journey two years back and didn't even know Perry was replaced.  Was very disappointed to say the least.  Hopefully Journey will come to their senses and realize that Perry is very important to Journey's past and future success.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|I went into this movie with some apprehension.  I left the theater counting the days til the DVD release.  The musical is not dead.  I really didn't believe that &quot;modern&quot; music would work in a movie set in 1900 and that it would be at best tacky.  I was definitely wrong.  A well done story, well told.  The cinematography and music and acting were all top notch.
B00004Y6TQ|5.0|As a fellow Icelnadic, I am truly proud of Bjork Gudmundsdottir and how far she's come. This is by far one of her best works yet and she was an amazing actress in the movie from which this CD comes. These songs set the tone for the movie, but are great to be heard by themselves. These songs are spunky, modern, and in a style that is truly Bjork. I have been waiting for her next album and wasn't disappointed by this.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|I went into this movie with some apprehension.  I left the theater counting the days til the DVD release.  The musical is not dead.  I really didn't believe that &quot;modern&quot; music would work in a movie set in 1900 and that it would be at best tacky.  I was definitely wrong.  A well done story, well told.  The cinematography and music and acting were all top notch.
B00004Y6TQ|5.0|As a fellow Icelandic, I am very proud of Bjork Gundmundsdottir and how far she has come. This is truly one of her best works yet, with imaginative and modern songs. They set the tone to the movie perfectly, but are great to be heard by themselves. I have been waiting for Bjork's next album, and I was not disappointed by this.
014028009X|5.0|I really like this book.  It was different, and at first I had to get use to it, but after a while, I really got into the book and really enjoyed it.  It goes along with the plight of all women and I totally agree with it!  So..., pick up this book and read!
B00004YKUX|5.0|I think it's a great album. Permeated with melancholy and suffering. His voice is still powerful but from time to time seems to give up, and you can feel he is not only singing, he's showing you his soul, his  suffering and his tiredness. Only the biggest can do this  without falling in sentimentalism. One of the most beautiful song  is &quot;The mercy seat&quot;, but all of them are really wonderful.
B000005RFQ|4.0|This has to be the most misunderstood and maligned of all Black Sabbath's albums. First, Ozzy Osboune is not on vocals and this for many fans is enough to label it as bad. Second, the corny cover. Third, Ian Gillan's vocals are an aquired taste to say the least. But if one puts prejudice aside one will hear a good solid metal album that delivers on every level. Great songs, great performances and the trademark Sabbath sound. There is one flaw- the mix. The sound on the album is rather muddled and the drums can hardly be heard.  Even on the remasterd edition, this characteristic remains. In spite of that I still recommend it as a view of Black Sabbath's history. High points include the fast paced &quot;Thrashed&quot; and &quot;Zero the Hero&quot; with a before-its-time industrial feel. The title track as well is quite haunting, with Ian Gillan's vocals a standout.
B00003CXFV|2.0|To start with the good, Julia Roberts's performance in this film is deserving of much of the acclaim it has received.  To the degree that her performance is a result of just doing &quot;whatever Steven Soderbergh told her to do,&quot; as I heard her claim in an interview, he deserves some credit.  Otherwise this guy seems to be getting WAY too much credit for his film.<br />As a true story it is interesting that a woman with no prior law training or experience could achieve some of the things that Erin Brockovich apparently did.  And it is very inspirational how she personally knew all the details of all the clients' cases and all their phone numbers by heart, etc.  But these little tidbits are not the stuff of interesting filmmaking.  The story is way too familiar to be of any interest.  There are no surprises, there is no new revelation about corporations or about law or about human nature.  There is hardly any comedy, there is no really gripping drama, this is just a true story.  It could have been a TV movie!  Nothing is cinematically contributed to this story to warrant the jump from TV movie of the week or &quot;Dateline&quot; documentary to the big screen.  Is the story inspiring?  I guess so.  Is the movie?  As a movie?  No.  If you want stories of justice and injustice and the middle grounds between, which actually provoke thought into new directions and earn their emotional responses from the audience, look no further than David E. Kelley's brilliant TV show, &quot;The Practice.&quot;  A half an hour of which is ten times more gripping than Erin Brockovich.<br />I have the sneaky suspicion that all the acclaim of this film is due to the political value these days on telling stories about evil corporations.  I don't think it really has anything to do with Soderbergh being a genius, because this film gives no evidence he is one, or this film being rousing, because it is not.  It is simply predictable and politically correct.  I do not mean to say that thereare no evils contributed to American or global life by corporations, just that this film gains everything from what people expect to feel and want to feel about this familiar villainy and not from what it actually accomplishes in creating something truly insightful.  There are not even any new insights into the nature of corporate villainy where it exists.  This is simply an overrated film.<br />But again, Julia is worth watching.  And Albert Finney was quite likable.
0345442989|5.0|A great book based on the slow breakdown of the republic, from the behind the scenes, by Palpatine.  Takes place right before the events of Episode One. It can be slow in parts but it has a few twists and a good ending that makes this book great.  Read it if you like Star Wars and want a little backstory going in to The Phantom Menace.
B00005ATQD|5.0|I guess I should begin with the obligatory apologetic statement that the film is usually misunderstood and held to such superficial and prudish standards of such evident immaturity and shallowness of thinking that its misunderstanders should be embarrassed by themselves.<br />With that done.  I do understand that many will not like this film.  Complaints that it is lurid seem quite knee-jerk given the immense amount of taste with which the film was shot.  The orgy seen in this film had none of the gratuities of 10 minutes of the average TV sitcom's dialogue.  America's prudishness about the naked body is ironic given the excess of foul and flippant discourse about sex which seeps into every corner of the media.  <br />This movie takes sex seriously not gratuitously and explores people's emotions rather than trivializing them.  This film is not an instance of the degredation of our culture or an exploitation of our sexual drives and pleasures like MOST of the media's irresponsible abuse of these parts of ourselves but rather it is a probing exploration of the ways that people deal with their fantasies and their realities.  This movie brings to life, steadily and shockingly, modes of thought and types of experience.  If only more films could capture the sense of obsession, the motivations towards recklessness, the perversities and the pleasures of fantasies, the selfishnesses of sex and of love, and the struggle to maintain connections with other human beings inspite of these things all in two and a half hours!<br />No, this movie is neither lurid, gratuitous, propogandist, nor exploitive in dealing with issues related to sex.  It does not promote infidelity, orgies, prostitution, cultic rituals, voyeurism, exhibitionism, pedophilia, or fetishism, or any other such thing.  If anything this movie, plays off the audience's sexual interests in its stars and in its plot and visuals in order to grip it in empathy, that one can feel as nervous, tempted, disturbed, haunted,fearful, turned on and turned off as the characters.  Finally the psychology of almost-recklessness and the fascinating play of appearances and realities are worth the price of viewing.<br />The music in the film is in turns expertly selected by Kubrick and magnificently written by Jocelyn Pook.  The only regrettability on this score is that some of the jazz pieces did not make it on the otherwise top-to-bottom delightful soundtrack---but that is for another review.<br />As to complaints about length...  I thought the film was perfectly paced for one viewing but is too long to keep much of its effectiveness on subsequent viewings.  Knowing how things wind up takes much of the psychological compulsion and sting out of the film.<br />Cruise is good in this role, as with all his others, he plays it by being himself and fitting the prescription just right.  Kidman is so very real, giving a role that's powerful through both overstatement and understatement.  She's quite the marvelous actress.<br />I am no judge of where this film fits in the Kubrick corpus, having seen quite little of it.
B00005BJPO|5.0|This movie is by far my favorite anime movie. The story is great and the animation is superb. Why can't American animated movies be this good.
B000002GD9|5.0|This album was just good all the way through.  I like every tune and they all seem to flow good.  From the title tracks almost hypnotic beginning, melodic pace and great vocals to the whimsical lover boy this is a great album.  Downstream is soothing and filled with great piano, and so is From Now On.  This album (CD) is filled with great melodies, vocals and just great musicianship.  The only hit song was Give A Little Bit, which is a good tune but not my favorite here.  That might be why its not as popular as Crime and Breakfast,  but I like all of the classic Tramp albums and I listen to this one most often out of all of them and its great all the way through.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|I recently saw Moulin Rouge &amp; absolutely fell in love with the film. I automatically went to my local CD store &amp; purchased the soundtrack. Upon buying it, I felt that I would only grow to like three or four songs. To the contrary, I love the whole album. Nicole Kidman's voice is one of an angel &amp; Ewan McGregor's voice is so strong &amp; pleasing. I especially enjoy Ewan's version of &quot;Your Song&quot; by Elton John &amp; Nicole Kidman's &quot;Sparkling Diamonds&quot; medley. Of course, there's the chart-topper &quot;Lady Marmalade&quot;, which is a wonderfully put together song. I highly recommend this soundtrack, for any age, I am personally a 14 year old guy. But, you must go see the movie first, before you buy the soundtrack.
B00000K19E|1.0|Let's be honest here. It's not a good film. Number one, the special effects are good, so I won't argue with that. But dragging my entrails across THREE counties to see this peice of garbage was the most pitiful experience of my life. Cliches everywhere I look, and that ending scene where she proclaims her love for reeves and that he must be &quot;the one&quot; if she loves him actuly made me cry, becuase at that point I was so in shock that paid full ticket price to see this I had to shed a few(hundred) tears.
B0000062S0|3.0|I found this set difficult to digest; it lacks the umph that Page/Plant are capable to deliver. I've had this in my collection for over a year and listen to it every now and then. In my opinion &quot;Shining In The Light&quot;, &quot;Most High&quot;, &quot;Walking Into Clarksdale&quot;, &quot;Burning Up&quot; and &quot;Sons Of Freedom&quot; are the best tracks. The rest sounds like blues with a grunge twist....and I mean twisted!<br />Page finally shows up on &quot;Burning Up&quot; which is the best solo on &quot;Walking Into Clarksdale&quot;. The technical work on &quot;Sons Of Freedom&quot; is quite good also; Plant on the other hand....The rest of Page's performances are.....average. Plant could have picked any guitarist and arrived with the same results.<br />It's difficult to know what direction the dynamic-duo was looking for here. In some places it sounds like a visitation of the &quot;No Quarter&quot; project other times it sounds like re-hashed &quot;Kashmir&quot;. Since Clarksdale is known for blues, delta blues that is, I kinda had that in mind; there ain't no blues here. Not delta blues, Chicago blues or any other kind of blues. The only blues I felt was the money I shell out to listening to this project! I was looking for something along the lines of &quot;Tall Cool One&quot; and &quot;Heaven Knows&quot; from Plant's solo work and &quot;The Only One&quot; from Page's &quot;Outrider&quot; project. Hind sight says those are &quot;great tracks&quot;, I like them anyway.<br />If you're looking for Zeppelin, keep looking, Page's work is fair and Plant's vocals are disappointing. The only thing that would have made this set more disappointing is if John Paul Jones was on it. I guess it is a good thing Plant &quot;forgot&quot; Jonesy's phone number.<br />Speaking of Jonesy, check out his debut solo project &quot;Zooma&quot;, now that's something to talk about!
B00001NFCY|5.0|This CD almost makes me proud to be a devoted Christian. This cd excells far beyond their debut album. Powerful lyrics and sheer talent all make this CD unforgettable. Now for the Inevitable \\"name all the tracks I like\\". I like the tracks, arms wide open, higher, and what if. Notice that all those tracks happen to be played NONSTOP on the radio. You'll also notice that i'm a media junkie and a total conformist.
B00000273M|5.0|This is an absolutely fabulous collection of songs.  I am 25 years old, and I am a long time Bangles fan.  The first song I ever heard by them was &quot;Walk Like An Egyptian&quot; when I was in the 4th grade and I have been hooked ever since.  This album has 14 tracks, and I can put it in and not skip a single track.  This music brings back some great memories from the 80's when music was still fun to listen to.  All of the great tracks are here, including &quot;Manic Monday&quot;, &quot;Walk Like An Egyptian&quot;, &quot;Hazy Shade Of Winter&quot;, &quot;Eternal Flame&quot;, &quot;In Your Room&quot;, and &quot;Walking Down Your Street&quot;.  All of these are my personal favs.  This group is probably THE most under-rated girl group of all time, and I am truly excited that they have reunited and have gone back out on tour this year.  I still stand amazed at their stunning vocal harmonies, that I don't believe has been matched by any other group ever.  They also deserve credit for playing ALL of their own instruments.  If you love great music, then you owe it to yourself to pick up a copy of this MOST EXCELLENT MUSIC.  Let it blast in your car, or &quot;IN YOUR ROOM&quot;!!
B00005B7CK|4.0|While this movie is definitely not for the kids, it's a great movie.  Never a dull moment!  George Clooney at his unexpected best.  You won't regret spending two hours to watch this flick.  Got a hairnet?
B00000JGEO|3.0|True Lies is a great movie, though it has its problems. The main one being Arny's trick to his wife to test her trust. Besides that True Lies has some terrific action and set the bar during its time. A good one to test the system on.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|If you see any movie this month- or this year, for that matter, make it Moulin Rouge. This is a sophisticated, fun, visually stunning, overall GORGEOUS movie. The story is elegant... during several parts of the movie it reminded me of the love story between Jack and Rose from &quot;Titanic&quot;: simple and beautiful. It really works well to tie this film together. The actors were incredible. I had my doubts about Nicole Kidman at first, but she was perfect for the role. I can't imagine any other actress that would suit the part better. Ewan McGregor was also perfect... like Nicole, he showed just the right amount of charisma and charm in the movie. All of the actors sing in the movie, which also had me worried before I saw the film but their voices proved worthy and blended well with the feel of the movie. The costumes and sets are incredible, they truly make you feel that you are in France at the Moulin Rouge 100 years ago. The only disappointing part of this movie is the fact that not as many people are appreciating it as I had hoped: sadly, it's already below the top 5 in the box office. I can understand that in a world of untalented teen movie stars and shallow story- lines that a deeper, more substantial movie like Moulin Rouge may scare away many. Moulin Rouge is definitely a movie for sophisticated audiences with a taste for quality actors, a good story, and stunning visuals. It can easily be compared to a Broadway musical- not just because it is a musical, but because it was made with the talent and the care and the hard work that it takes to produce a Broadway show. This movie is definitely worth a try, and if you're like me you'll want to go back a second, third, fourth... time to see it again. Don't let this movie pass you by because it's absolutely SPECTACULAR, SPECTACULAR!
B00003CXRP|5.0|Blah Blah Blah, Castaway is Great, Blah Blah Blah, Castaway is a flop. You can only be on one side or another. From the people I know that have seen it, they are spit like a bananna peel (or a coconut shell.) So, probably half of you will not like what I have to say, but, maybe I can tempt that half...to come to the right side. Castaway is a three part mystery about the American Experience, from an American that has both been thickly involved with daily life, and torn from it dramatically. I bought this dvd last night, so nah nah nah. I feel like the kid that is holding that last piece of candy, you kow, the one who grabs a good thing and runs with it. Castaway, was a fully envolved project that has a very good payoff. (Spoiler!)I understand film, and I understand plot. I know that this movie could have ended when the big boat drifted along side Noland's craft. But what about those people that he touched, what kind of effect did his life leave, and what things needed to change. He had to go back, so we could see the answers. And as for the ending, It is the main character saying, &quot;I could do anything that I want. I am as bare as when I was on that Island, and I really haven't even left yet, but this time I can do whatever I want.&quot;  And there is the mystery. He is still on the raft, and the boat is floating beside him, and he can do whatever his heart leads, on the crossroads of his life.
B00004Z459|3.0|Yeah, by now I'm pretty sure everyone has heard Linkin Park. I even remember them before they were famous; vague commercials showing clips of &quot;One Step Closer.&quot; This thrashing, heavy outfit with two lead singers seemed like quite a... promising (?) band. They also looked like quite an angry band. Before I went out and bought the album I was prepared for a swearing metal band. It may surprise some, and please others, to find that Linkin Park does not swear once on their cd. This is quite refreshing as a break from the mainstream obscenity that airs on MTV and the radio. And also, despite the obvious lack of originality in Linkin Park's sound, they have definitely perfected the rap/metal sound.                       They have perfected it to the point where it becomes monotonous. You're going to buy this album and you're going to listen to it once, maybe twice, and you will say; that is amazing. There is not a song on the album I don't like. And it is true. However, you're going to listen to the album once, maybe twice more, and you are going to get absolutely, gut-wrenchingly SICK of it. I now cannot listen to the album without having spent two months NOT listening to it. <br />          Synopsis: Do not buy this album. Reviews should be clear-cut right? I don't want you to be confused by this review. Many reviews give pros and cons and you cannot decide. Well, do not buy this album. It displays an obvious lack of effort. It is like pop. They took a certain sound, manufactured and marketed and packaged and replayed and spat it out over and over again to fill the cd. And it's good. But it doesn't last. You will regret it. Burn it from someone else. Download it. Don't buy it.
B000002UEC|5.0|Took me like 30 listens to get into this album. Once you do it is such a materpiece. It is in my top 10 of fav albums of all time.
B00004SCX6|1.0|Britney Spears is an absolute fake. She has a fake voice, fake hair, fake tan, and fake body parts. The only reason why she got so popular is because she hung around *NSYNC. She is an embarrasment to the  music industry.  All of her songs sound alike and her voice is computer generated. She absolutely has no talent. What she does is wait for the writers to write the songs, then she  makes  the least effort to sing it, let the computer remake it, memorizes dance moves from the choreographer and lip synches the songs at concerts. Her backup singers drown out her voice when she sings the chorus. The reason why she didn't win a Grammy for Best New Artist is (duh!) SHE CAN'T SING!!! I'm glad Christina won. She deserved it.Another thing, this girl is butt ugly, I mean have you seen her without makeup? She wears tons of make-up to cover those zits and pimples on her face. Question: What's worse? Hearing fingernails scratching on a chalk board or hear Britney  sing without the help of computers and back-up singers? I know what mine is. So anyway do not buy this album, instead get Christina Aguilera or Jessica Simpson, at least they can sing.
B000002H6D|4.0|Last worthwhile album from these guys before they became duds. It ain't no Master of Puppets but it is better than the garbage they put out now. Lars is a lamer<br />c ya
B00000IQC8|5.0|Kevin Smith (Silent Bob) is an incredibly gifted director and writer. This movie was hilarious... not for a younger audience no doubt, but a comedic gem nonetheless. This is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen if not the funniest. The acting is mediocre but that just adds to the comedy. <br />The movie is in black and white which disappointed me at first, but you'll later learn that its really not a big deal. <br />The setting rarely goes past the convient/video store in which our clerks work. Seems odd yes, but fits with the story well.<br />All in all.. the story was great and the movie is funny. The DVD is packed with features including an alternate ending that really doesn't fit the story. Deleted scenes and more... great DVD excellent Movie, the only drawback is the price tag.
B000002HMI|1.0|These guys just plain old rot anymore. Lars should star in a remake of Gomer Pyle. The Black album was bad enuff. This is worse<br />OUT
B000007O9L|4.0|It's not &quot;Get Your Ya-Ya's Out,&quot; but then again, like the endless comparisons to &quot;Exile&quot; as far as studio stuff goes, its tough to compare their live recordings to that gem.  Given all that, this is really good.  What is remarkable is that while his peers have had to subdue their vocals with age, leaving us with Roger Daltry's less than memorable screams (during yet another Farewell Tour) on &quot;Won't Get Fooled Again&quot; and Robert Plant's &quot;Immigrant Song&quot; wail left only to history, Jagger can still reproduce his voice from four decades back because he chose a distinctively less pyrotechnical approach and filled much of his songs with affectations and falsetto.  It really works in his favor on this set where on most songs (&quot;The Spider And The Fly,&quot; &quot;Dead Flowers,&quot; &quot;Let It Bleed&quot; to name a few) he sounds as good as he did when it first hit the record stores.  Listening to Keith and Ronnie work together is nice albeit fans of the Mick Taylor years might balk at first when they hear Ronnie's bottleneck work on &quot;Love In Vain&quot; or his less than flashy solo on &quot;Shine A Light.&quot;  It's a matter of style and I like the interplay between the two well enough to give Wood some slack.  Keith sounds great and the endearing flub at the beginning of &quot;Love In Vain&quot; shows there is hope for all of us weekend guitarists.  The song selection is excellent since we are saved from the umpteenth live version of &quot;Brown Sugar&quot; or &quot;Jumping Jack Flash,&quot; greats songs both, but I need not hear one more overblown stadium recording of either ever again (unless its from the '72 tour of course).  Instead, the fellows chose to pick some old chestnuts and some of the more popular era stuff rarely heard live.  This is a great cd that only makes you wish it was twice as long.  Opportunities to hear the Stones play live in such a casual and intimate atmosphere with the confidence to play songsspanning their entire forty (!) year career are rare indeed.  Enjoy.
B00000JYGX|5.0|Such a powerful album!  One feels as if one is there in the audience listening to and following the entire story as it unfolds and not just going from song to song. The production of the sleeve/booklet is top rate with a great combination of pictures to aid in the storytelling.  The quality of the voices, the blend of emotion and acting is so REAL that I dispaired along with Qusimodo and almost cried when Esmeralda died (Danse mon Esmeralda is so moving) My French is not fluent by any means but I was struck by the clarity of the voices/production. An excellent album - one of the greatest finds! You will never listen to the English one in quite the same way after this!!
B00004Z459|5.0|This is the best cd on the face of the earth!! Take my word for it, you NEED this cd. ur life will be better with this cd. u don't have it, GET IT, AND GET IT NOW!! 12 (or 14) songs of great music. this group has what most of the popular groups lack now'a'days!--TALENT!! I've probably listened to this cd about 200 times, and i've only had it for,like, 2 months, and i'm not exagerating! RIP OUT THE DOOR, AND GET IT!!<br />Wish they 600 stars as a rating choice!
B000002KEV|5.0|Oh what can I say? this one is the greatest live album ever made, cheers for another Purple fan from semarang. he is right with his short opinion. The live versions of Highway star, Child in time, lazy, smoke on the water were appeared here for the very first time. And Ian Gillan was at that time only 26 years old guy. the whole songs are like a national hymne.   You can also checkt the triplet 3 cd set &quot; LIVE IN JAPAN osaka and Tokio 1972&quot; if you are a mad fan like me,......a must for DEEP PURPLE fans
B00005AWMT|3.0|WAY  TOO  MANY  SONGS  FOR  A  NEW  SINGER  IN  AN  ESTABLISHED  GROUP,  AFTER  A  WHILE,  JUST  GELLS  TOGETHER  GOING  IN  THE  SAME  DIRECTION,  NOT  ENOUGH  DIVERSITY  ON  THE  C.D.,  TOO  SOON  TO  TELL  IF  THEY  SHOULD  HAVE  WAITED  FOR STEVE  PERRY  TO  RETURN,,,,,
B00004XQ83|5.0|Very rarely do I  buy soundtrack CD's...but very rarely does a soundtrack so compliment and enhance the film.  When I tell my friends I've got into American Bluegrass music, they think I'm mad..until I tell them it's the music from this film, and then they comment  &quot;Yeah, we liked that film too&quot;.  The reason so many people like &quot;Oh Brother&quot; is because of the music, and the way it is used to develop the story.  Very highly recommended.
B00003CXSP|5.0|This was a great movie. Though lacking cannabalism,the movie was never boring and was surprising in nearly every scene. To call this movie bad is an insult to silence of the lams and the prequel manhunter.
0399146253|4.0|I decided about one hundred pages into _The Last Precinct_ that I really didn't like it. Scarpetta novels are not knee-slappers at the best of times, but this one seemed determined to wallow in paranoid murk. Marino is transformed into a menacing drunk. Lucy is off on a tangent so strange that nobody can follow it. Even the faithful Anna is revealed to have a disturbing past and takes even more disturbing actions in the present. And through it all, the events of _Black Notice_ and Benton's death weave like ghosts. I don't read mystery novels for black paranoia, I read them for conflict and its resolution. I was really irritated that I seemed to have bought myself into a 565 page serious bummer.<br />But it was then that it hit me-- of course the book is a paranoid murk. Her lover was killed, she was brutally attacked, she's been opposed by every important figure in Virginia for her power and insight. Without going down, there was no way to take Kay Scarpetta back up.<br />This *is* a different side of Scarpetta, and I can understand why it isn't satisfying to a lot of people. This is a Scarpetta who questions herself. Benton has been dead long enough to not be a holy ghost anymore. She's forced to deal with her real issues with Lucy's sexual orientation. She can no longer ignore the curdled attraction that Marino feels for her. It's unpleasant to read, but it would have been wrong somehow for Cornwell to have her character simply dusting herself off and going forward with a smile after everything that has happened.<br />It is this troubled Scarpetta who eventually leads the book into the way out, where she has a tiny island of trust and a new direction from which to pick up her life again. It's a manner for Cornwell to renew the series, and I believe that the time had come for that to happen. So applause to Cornell for taking some chances with a familiar character-- always a very risky thing.<br />I wish that there hadn't been such an overabundance of coincidence in the way everything tied together. I can't say anything specific about it without giving away aspects of the ending, but it was the only terribly weak point in what was ultimately a very strong book.n the way everything tied together. I can't say anything specific about it without giving away aspects of the ending, but it was the only terribly weak point in what was ultimately a very strong book.
B00003CXN4|4.0|Traffic is easily one of the most socially important movies in recent memory, and probably the most most significant major Hollywood production since, well, uh...quite a while.<br />In fact, that this was a major Holywood release is in itself a reason Traffic is so important.  This film marks a moment in time when Hollywood believes that mainstream America is willing to hear the message that maybe the war on drugs is not all it's cracked up to be.  And to the extent that this message comes through, one can forgive it for not going farther.  Even a baby step can be monumental.<br />Traffic is also a pretty damn good movie, all told.  The cinematography is awe-inspiring, and the film features many excellent performances (most obviously Benicio del Toro, but Don Cheadle and Catherine Zeta-Jones also turn in fine showings).  Although Traffic is prone to moments of melodrama, the story itself is generally gripping and well put together.<br />Overall, although the &quot;drugs are bad...mmmkay?&quot; message is somewhat annoying (I don't endorse drug use, but I don't exactly condemn it or discourage it either), I acknowlege its necessity if you are going to make a movie that ultimately condemns the war on drugs.  Overall, Traffic is a fine flick, great on DVD, and I recommend it with only minor reservations.
B00003CXDZ|4.0|I waited quite a while before seeing this movie.  I wasn't going to see it at all originally.  Not because I'm too mature to give in to hype, but because I was anti-Nicole.  It's not as though I love her now, but I guess she's not as bad as I made out...<br />The first twenty minutes of the film had me a little worried - I was afraid I'd paid to see a stinker.  But once it got going; once I was mercilessly pulled into the bizarre world of the Moulin Rouge, I was mesmerised and bound to come out feeling overwhelmed at the end.<br />The music, movement, colour and singing is extremely energetic and addictive.  The creative use of (good) popular songs that we all know is very clever, and gives the viewer a sense of familiarity in a way.  You already know the lyrics, so you don't need to grow accustomed to new tunes too often.<br />I must make note of the amazing talents of one gorgeous Ewan McGregor - boy can that man sing!!  His voice is so rich and full of life that he manages to make good, popular tunes into wonderful, spine-tingling anthems of love (truth, beauty and freedom as well).  If 'movie musicals' are going to come back in style - then this is the guy to use as the lead role in all of them!<br />Without giving too much away, this film was different to what I thought it would be.  The emotions were much different to what I thought they would be.  There is never a dull moment during the two hours or so that it runs for, that much is for certain... so whatever your tastes may be, it is definitely worth a look.
6305538018|2.0|the first part of the movie is actually okay, but the middle and ending really lack.  the middle of the movie your having a hard time staying awake because its such a snooze, the ending of the movie makes you wish you wouldnt of even seen it in the first place unless you like those endings that just leave you hanging.
6305531374|1.0|Lacking!  I would recommend that if someone really wanted to buy this movie off this site, buy it new because it costs more to buy it used for some reason.  now I would like to explain a few things.  first off if I had a choice I would give this movie a half star, but one whole star will have to do.  The beginning is pretty cool, the rest of the movie is lacking.  Not enough death, not enough blood, not enough characters, not enough Michael.  Micheal also looked really bad!  He looked the best in the first one and in the 6th one.  Watch Halloween 6
6304994540|1.0|THE BIG LEBOWSKI was more of less a movie about three guys who bowl together. One of the guys was lucky enough to die from a heart attack.  He didn't have to suffer trying to act in an actless story.  The film never got out of the gutter. By the time it was half finished, I began to realize that it wasn't an awful movie.  It was a tiresome movie.  From a bunch of guys who could make humorous FARGO I expected something, anything, funny. It was a long wait and I'm still waiting. As to the dialogue, when are New Age writers going to realize that smut lines really do distract an audience from their story . . . Hey! Authors! Writers! I spent my childhood in a poolhall. Your writing is merde.
B000002KHH|5.0|In my humble opinion, this is still Black Sabbath's greatest album ever.  Although their self-titled debut (released earlier in the same year, 1970) was/is also a great record, somehow I wind up playing this one even more.  I think I know why:  much of BLACK SABBATH was basically (or is that &quot;Bassically?&quot;) an extended blues-rock jam, albeit an excellent one.  However, PARANOID is more than that: this was the album on which Black Sabbath really hit their full stride as a band.<br />There is just as much experimentation on this record as on the first one, but there is much more variation in their sound.  (Actually, all of Black Sabbath's album's in the Ozzy years are very experimental.)  Contrary to what the editorial reviewer said, most of the songs here are QUITE complex.  Just listen to them, if you don't know them already:  &quot;War Pigs/Luke's Wall&quot; is probably the greatest anti-war song of the Vietnam War era (it's right up there with &quot;Question&quot; and &quot;Lost In A Lost World&quot; by The Moody Blues, as far as I'm concerned).  It is a complex heavy metal masterpiece, with its slow-moving introduction that leads into one of those brilliant Black Sabbath time-changes (so brilliant that they should've patented it), and Ozzy's bluesy tenor singing &quot;Generals gathered in their masses&quot;, (BOOM-BOOM!) &quot;Just like witches at Black Mass-e-ss&quot; (BOOM-BOOM!), etc.  The way that the song blazes forth into its complex-but-neat time-changes and guitar signatures is just incredible.  It segues neatly into the &quot;Luke's Wall&quot; section, which has a similar but different melody. Black Sabbath manages to remain heavy and thoroughly musical at the same time.  This album is every bit as seminal as their first, as it directly influenced many later heavy metal bands, from Judas Priest to Metallica, from Metal Church to Faith No More, from Pantera to Godsmack.<br />&quot;Paranoid&quot; is, well, what more can be said about this 2:50 song which practically sold the world on Tony Iommi's brilliant rhythm guitar crunch, not to mention his incredibly cool fuzz-box guitar solo??  Exactly.  After thousands of listenings, I STILL never get sick of hearing it.  It's short, sweet, and brilliant.  <br />The album's one slow &amp; soft number &quot;Planet Caravan&quot; with all its eerieness, shows us why this CD is best listened to in the dark.  As another reviewer said, it NEVER fails to send shivers down my spine.  So true.  Another reviewer also mentioned that it shows off the band's bluesy roots.  While this is also true, I just want to add one more thing to that: it also shows off Tony Iommi's JAZZY roots! You see, Tony Iommi (for those who don't know this) was very much into free-form jazz before Black Sabbath.  In fact, it was for this reason that he was originally picked for the lead-guitar spot in the original Jethro Tull, back in 1967-68. (Many people don't know this, either!) In fact, it is this version of Jethro Tull that wound up on the CD ROLLING STONES ROCK AND ROLL CIRCUS! Amazing, isn't it? Tony played briefly with Jethro Tull before forming Earth with Ozzy, Butler, and Ward, which, of course, turned into Black Sabbath.<br />Anyway, back to this CD: &quot;Iron Man&quot; is another all-time HM classic that all true HM fans know.  In fact, for several years, the only songs I really knew by Black Sabbath were &quot;Paranoid&quot; and &quot;Iron Man,&quot; largely because even FM rock radio wouldn't play their other stuff.  I still love &quot;Iron Man&quot; even if I have heard it hundreds of times by now. I love Tony Iommi's high-pitched guitar solo in it!<br />&quot;Electric Funeral&quot; is a darker-than-dark song that I didn't used to like, but now I appreciate it for the same reason I appreciate much of Black Sabbath's music: the brilliant time-changes, from mid-tempo to fast and then back to mid-tempo again.   &quot;Hand of Doom&quot; is another pitch-black song that has an epic scope toit (it is the album's second longest song, behind &quot;War Pigs/Luke's Wall&quot;). &quot;Rat Salad&quot; is a scorching under-three-minute instrumental, with Bill Ward doing some of his most wild and crazy drum-work ever.  Last, but not least, there is the funny &quot;Jack the Stripper/Fairies Weart Boots&quot; which has one of the most famous rhythm guitar riffs ever, plus some cool lyrics courtesy of Ozzy.<br />Each and every fan of heavy metal must own PARANOID. All-time classic!!! :)
B000000H42|5.0|Don't Break the Oath is a consistent representation of all that's good - and bad - about classic Mercyful Fate. For fans of heavy, dramatic opera metal, this is a fine disc, highlighted by long, multi-tempo compositions, riffs that blend the brutality of thrash with the delicacy of neoclassical, and vocals that run the range from grotesque utterances to unearthly shrieks. On the downside, to all but the demonically-inclined, King Diamond's Satanic ramblings must come off as a bit ridiculous. Fortunately, his voice can be listened to as just another instrument. A little longer and more refined than the (also great) Melissa, this record is a classic of underground metal in the 80s.
B00005BL2A|3.0|I just got this CD and while not their best, it is very enjoyable.  Little more laid back then some of their music.
0060977493|5.0|Lyrical and a fantastic story.  You'll be glad you acted upon my recommendation.<br />Don't blame me if you stay up all night reading this book the day you get it. ;)
B00005B4GU|1.0|Who do these guys think they are?  The Bends and Ok Computer are two of the best albums coming from the nineties.  What has happened in the new millenium.  I consider myself to have a very open mind when it comes to music styles.  Kid A and Amnesiac are simply brutal. I feel cheated. At least Kid A had a track or two with melody.  I was dissapointed at Kid A but I did not give up hope.  I heard about Amnesiac and felt relieved that the the Eno days of Radiohead would be over.  Nope I wasted another [price]on the next garbage avant garde Radiohead rubbish.  I have well over 500 discs, and I've bought some dogs.  Understandable, they can't all be great.  But I expect better from this band.  If you rate these albums a Four or a Five you are kidding yourself.  The so called critics must have been receiving favors to give credit to these albums.  Do not think for a second that you are cool because you like these albums.  I would use extreme caution before buying another Radiohead album.  I now fully understand why they called the album Amnesiac.  Only an Amnesiac could think that Radiohead still has it.
B00005AXEL|1.0|before writing such glowing reviews?  Stevie Nicks has made a career out of writing the same three songs over and over and over...Good for her, but I'm not impressed.  She definitely needs Lindsey Buckingham to rein her in as she couldn't write an interesting song if her life depended on it.  And bringing in Sheryl Crow?  Miss Crow rode on Kevin Gilbert's coattails to fame and now churns out ordinary music for the masses who wouldn't recognize Good Music if it bit them.      Stevie, hope you make a lot of money with this CD.  Seems to me it's the only reason to release such a poor selection of songs...Maybe it's me, but the whole act is getting very tiresome.  She's no longer Rhiannon, the Welsh Witch, just a  vocalist who's better days are long gone.
B000003TAW|5.0|I have only recently heard WEEZER thanks to HASH PIPE they are a brilliant new rock band which deserve more credit than they get.I bought the green album which i thought was great then i decided to buy the first after hearing &quot;BUDDY HOLLY&quot; on mtv2 and this album rocks.&quot;MY NAME IS JOHNAS&quot; IS EASILY THEIR BEST I ALSO LOVE &quot;IN THE GARAGE,THE WORLD HAS TURNED AND LEFT ME HERE,SURF WAX AMERICA AND OF COURSE BUDDY HOLLY&quot; Any one who likes blink or greenday this is a must have
0790731983|5.0|The transfer from Broadway stage to cinema is artistically precise in this dark musical celebrating the joys of decadence in a 1930s French cabaret as the World War II Holocaust looms on the horizon. Brilliant.
B00005BJ2O|2.0|I listened to this whole thing and I didn't like anything except the famous 'Lady Marmalade'.  I thought for sure there would be something more than that, but no.  The two stars I gave this was for the one song that I loved from here and that's it.  Try to get the single of Lady Marmalade if you like it and don't make the mistake of buying the whole CD like I did.
B000002UDD|3.0|This is not one of Megadeths better albumns.There are a few good songs &quot;502&quot; &quot;Hook in Mouth&quot; and &quot;set the world afire.&quot; The rest of the CD is not all that good.The &quot;Anarchy in the UK&quot; cover is prety louzy.THis CD only has 8 trax.One of the trax is a prety boring instrumental called &quot;into the lungs of Hell.&quot; They got a producer for this CD but he put in these samples of car crashes to the song 502 that I could have done without.502 is still a good song but Megadeth does not need samples to get their message across.The Lyrics on this CD are nowhere near as good as the ones on Rust in PEace,some of the lyrics are prety stupid,Just read the words to the song &quot;Liar&quot; and you will see what I mean.Megadeth made better records before and after this one.I dont understand what happened here.This line up was for this CD only and this is a good thing .Freidman is a way better guitar player than this guy is.The solos are nothing special on this CD.This CD has it's Gems but it is nowhere close to being Megadeths Best record.If you are gonna get a Megadeth CD for the first time i think you should get &quot;Rust In PEace&quot; and &quot;Peace sells...But who's buying&quot; first.
0385006896|3.0|To be a well-rounded person, you must read the wonderful stories of Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson.  You will be amazed by the number of English expressions and culural assumptions that originate in these stories.<br />The Doubleday hardcover binding was atrocious, however.  I bought this edition to read completely cover-to-cover, so I concede the edition was in for some heavy use.  But the bound pages began to separate from the cover on the first day.  By the time I was done. the cover was separated, and the bound pages had fallen into a number of chunks.  Even the title print on the spine had been struck twice and appeared sloppy.  The book was damaged beyond usefulness after one reading.<br />Read the stories, but don't get the Doubleday hardcover.
B00004XOWM|1.0|This Tiard old sound is begining to bore me.Rapcore is prety good when its done right.Three Dollar Bill was a prety good record,but this one blows.There are NO songs on this CD that will in any way remind you of how good this band use to be (for 1 CD).the lyrics are some of the stupidest ever written they sound like lyrics Weird Al Yankovick would write if he were to do an albumn of origial songs.\\"hot Dog\\" just makes me want to laugh.The real funny thing is I bet these Jokers thought they were making a real Good CD when they were in the studio.Fred Durst used the \\"F\\" word one too many times on this CD.Like he was trying to say to his fans \\"look I can say the word F word four hundred times...see Im not a sell out.\\"Freds Ego has gotten way out of control and it is begining to bore many of his fans.I wonder if these guys even realise the same people  who will go to their concert this week will be at the Britney Spears show next week.Lymp bizket is a thing of the past.The bands on fred's Label are alot better than Limp these days buy one of their CD's you will be better off.
B00004XONN|5.0|From start to finish this is an amazing CD. It's not good because it's different or because it's non-mainstream, it's good because it sounds good and works as a whole. Some may say &quot;Treefingers&quot; isn't that good, and maybe by itself it isn't, but contained within the rest of the album it adds to it. It's kind of hard to explain, but it's almost like the whole album is like one big song.
B00000JCB2|1.0|These guys have to be the single most over rated band in the history of rock & roll.I get the feeling alot of people buy their CD's just to look cool at the checkout counter.There is not one good song on this CD and Durst's vocals are some of the worst I have ever heard.His Rymes border on funny ,though he is trying to be serious.The riffs try to be hard but they sound flat.The drummer has some talent but he needs to join a better band ...one that allowes him to display his talents.This  Band is yet another MTV sellout ala- Britny Spears,NSYNK ,and the backstreet boys.This record is a joke made for posers ....but hey...Im sure it will make Fred Durst alot of money.
B00005B4GU|5.0|Amnesiac is a good album. Is it Radiohead's best? No. I'd say if you are a fan or own a Radiohead album other than this one and like it, you will probably like Amnesiac. It shows off many of Radiohead's different styles and should have something for every type of Radiohead fan (Bends era fans, Kid A era fans, etc).<br />One word of advice if you decide on buying this album: Don't believe the hype. If you go in thinking you're buying the grestest album ever, you'll probably be let down. It makes me so sad to see people giving this album 1 star just because it didn't live up to being the best one yet. If this album is worth one star, then what's Pablo Honey worth? Negative 10?<br />Bottom line: This is over all a good album with some good songs (my favorite being &quot;You and Whose Army&quot;).
B000002TPS|2.0|I give this CD two stars .One for each good song on the CD.There are two good songs on this record &quot;Train of Concequences&quot; and &quot;Youthanasia&quot; the rest is garbage.I see alot of 5 star reviews and i just dont get it.Theres no way this stuff can touch RUST or Peace Sells....come on.This CD is alot slower than albumns like Rust in Peace  Peace sells,and even Countown to Extinction,but its not the speed of the music that bothers me.The music is just not aranged well.The Choruses are nowhere near as good as the ones on COUNTDOWN.It even seems like Marty Friedman is holding back.It seems to me like this CD is Megadeths answer to the Grunge music that was so popular at the time it came out.Not that it sounds grunge.Its just a very watered down sound.IF you are thinking about buying a MEgadeth CD for the first time I think you should buy RUST in PEACE or Countdown to Extinction.Get this one to fill out your collection.
B00000JNJ1|4.0|if you're a fan of the old albums, get them (Long Player, Oh La La, Gasoline Alley, A Nod is as Good as a Wink).  You'll miss the left off songs a lot after listening to this collection.
0684803356|5.0|The complexity, depth and beauty of this book are immeasurable.  I have never read a more moving book.
B00003CXRP|4.0|First of all, this review is about the movie. All the extras on the DVD are great but bottom line the movie quality has to be there, right? Cast Away is a solid, well done movie. The special effects of the plane crash are heart stopping, and Tom Hanks is wonderful as the main (and really only) character. In fact I enjoyed the movie all the way until he got rescued. At that point the movie got downright depressing. Yes I realize that the idea was to put him into the same issues within a different enviroment, but geez, give the guy a break. The symbolism at this point became way to obvious. For instance, the final scene of Jack standing in the middle of a intersection out in the middle of nowhere looking in all four directions. As if he was at the &quot;crossroads&quot; of his life.<br />Again, I enjoyed this movie overall. However it's also the type of movie I'll never watch again. I would recommend this to any Tom Hanks fan (he's at his best here), any epic movie fan (It's pretty darn long) and any one who really just wants to sit back and enjoy the movie experience.
0060278234|5.0|This book was amazingly great.  It was like a much more complecated Harry Potter.  You really feel the emotion of all the charecteds. The only thing I hate is waiting for Abhorson!
6301790170|4.0|Awesome!  The Movie contains Tangerine Dream, bad 70's fashion and Nitro! William Friedkin kicks major arse with this remake of Wages of fear.  As with most Friedkin movies there is no hero just interesting characters inhabiting the incredible action.  <br />Utilizing techniques similar to those used in The Exorcist the director uses surreal dream sequences to represent the characters state of mind.  And to leave the movie open to many interpretations.
B00004Z459|5.0|Linkin Park is by far one of my favorite bands. They are an alternative and rap mix and are a very creative band. All of thier songs on 'Hybrid Theory' can set a mood. The only thing that could have made this cd any better would have been if they would have put thier old songs like 'Step Up' and a couple others they made on 'Hybrid Theory' that would have made this album complete. If you buy this cd you won't be disaponted....WELL!! GET IT!!  ;)
0767800958|5.0|I saw this movie on Bravo, and as soon as I had a chance I went out and bought it, I liked it so much.  The whole film is very clever and enigmatic.  The dance scene near the end with three people is spectacular.  I don't think this movie would suit everybody's tastes because it is understated and sort of introspective.  At the same time it is that simplistic quality to the movie that makes the plot all the more enigmatic.  I highly recommend this movie.
6304498969|5.0|EC is simply great.  This is music in its purist form.  Eric and his Accoustic, Good stuff!  I have watched this DVD over and over and it never gets old.  He is a musical genius.  The sound and video are excellent.  If you're a fan of EC or the Blues, this DVD will not disappoint you.
0140186409|4.0|Steinbeck's &quot;The Grapes of Wrath&quot; is a scathing look at the Dustbowl era, with its mass migration of displaced farmers out of the plains and towards the vague promise of the Californian coast.  The chapters of the work alternate between long episodes detailing the journey of the Joad family from Oklahoma to California, and short sections written from a more abstract point-of-view, about characters un-named.  Though the work is over six-hundred pages, it roars through your head as fast as any book can, with Steinbeck's fury over the plight of the migrants bursting from every page.<br />I doubt anyone can read this work and not feel pity for the Joads, and the real men and women that Steinbeck drew these characters from.  On the other hand, I felt that Steinbeck did not adequately explain the situation from the other side.  It too often seems that the troubles of the migrants stem from the greed of some heartless monster, rather than a honest person who has troubles of their own.  Sometimes, bad things happen and no one is to blame.  Steinbeck seems to forget this.<br />Overall, this is still a classic work of American literature, both for its beautiful prose and intensely important reminder of how things were not all that long ago, and how far we have come since.
0060278234|5.0|If you thought that Sabriel was good, then you must read Lirael, the 2nd book in the trilogy. Lirael is the daughter of the Clayr, and doesn't seem to fit in with there life style. She meets up with Prince Sameth, Sabriel and Touchtone's son, and they continue to fight dead hands, and many of the greater dead.  Even more wonderful then Sabriel, it is the most amazing book I have ever read. It was wonderfully written, and I don't know what else to write. It was wonderful, and all my freinds keep wanting to borrow it. A Must Read for anyone who remotly liked Sabriel or any other fantasy.
0792151720|2.0|Well - as Pearl Harbour tells us, there's always someone out to make a buck out of someone else's suffering. Overlong, corny and about as true to life as a Tony Blair election promise we have Titanic. From the Nauseating &quot;My Heart Will Go On&quot; (and on and on and on......) we have a movie in the worst possible taste. While there are some who see it as great romance there are a few people alive who'se parents/grandparents are at the bottom of the ocean and its these people who are the forgotten here. Indeed I remember reading about one real name charactor who was pictured running away when in real life he was a hero and his relatives were very distressed.  The love story was not believable, why would a great looking girl like Kate Winslett fall for an idiot like DiCaprio and why did we have to wait so long for him to die! I think perhaps Kate is the only one who comes out of this with her credibility intact turning in a believable performance in the most difficult of circumstances. DiCaprio cant act - sure - anyone who saw him fail dismally in Romeo &amp; Juliet knows that. But &quot;Titanic&quot;, did this really need making when Kenneth Moore did such a fantastic job of it all those years ago. That film was a tastefull tribute rather than this which is little short of bonking on people's graves.  So the powers that be are doing it again &quot;Pearl Harbour&quot; using a great national tragedy to write a story about inter marital nookie! <br />What next<br />  &quot;Timothy McVeigh - Superstar&quot; <br />&quot;Charles Manson - The Musical&quot; <br />&quot;Ted Bundy's Marvellous Adventure&quot; <br />Makes you wonder!
B00003CXDZ|5.0|I would have given it 6 stars but unfortinintly it only gose up to 5. This was the best movie it seemed like it just flew right by in no time at all. It kept you interested from the very beggining until the very end there was not a dull moment it was &quot;the best&quot; and I higly recommend that you see this amazing movie trust me you wont regret it.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|A wonderful love story!  Bring those kleenex boxes out of hiding, they'll be put to use during this movie.  There's great music and acting.  Nicole Kidman has a voice I never knew she had.  And if all you know Ewan McGregor from is Star Wars: Episode I, you're in for a treat!!!
B00004XQP4|5.0|All I can say of this CD, Green Day's latest, is that it's like a paralell dimension. Green Day's songs on this album are just as great and catchy and worthy of award and praise as the ones on the other album, but while changing the style in some of the songs, Green Day has still managed to keep this great acclaim. Here's a quick overrun of the tracks.  \\"Cause I'm thinkin bout a brand new hope/The one ive never known/But now i know/its all that i wanted\\"
B00004Y6RO|5.0|this cd is so awsome. the 6 new added songs rule except for get this cause all they do is curse in this song. but man all the other added songs rule man. a great heavy metal cd.<br />SCREW MUDVAYNE! SLIPKNOT IS THE KING OF THIS BUSINESS
B000059HAI|5.0|The movie, in its original form, was a masterpiece.  As a person growing up not 30 minutes from Pearl, and whose house overlooks the West Lock, its history and legacy is always a part of me.  &quot;Tora Tora Tora&quot; takes its que from the grand film making that was produced by Hollywood during the war but it adds an abstract that makes it truly unique for its time: It was joint produced.  Most of the war movies,(Red Sands, Go For Broke, Thirty Seconds..) all had American perspectives and never really explained the notion of what the opposite side viewed the US.  Even today, the notion of a joint production is hardly used.(As was shown in the debaucle known as &quot;Pearl Harbor&quot;.)<br />Tora Tora Tora maintains its historical accuracy in that it pieces together, step by step, what happened from BOTH sides, of the conflict.  You see the planning and the strategy of the Japanese forces as they practice-bomb targets in Kagoshima and Etorofu, how the conflict within the High Command eventually lead up to the war that was AGAINST the will of Hirohito,(he was left out of the loop on top information until it was too late.)  You also see the arrogance of the US Military and how the White People looked down upon the AJA Population in Hawaii simply because they were of Japanese origin.  <br />For anything, the acting and the effects, for its time, was stunning and still remain something to emulate, which &quot;Pearl Harbor&quot;(2001), has failed on most accounts.  The special features don't really add to the value but the movie alone is enough reason to buy.
B000002MU3|5.0|Frankly, I don't know why I find quite a few people rejecting this album, they must not be prone to change.  This album has the same cleverness of Michael Stipe's lyrics backed by a great hard rock sound to it.  The opening track &quot;What's The Frequency Kenneth?&quot; sets the foundation for the rest of this rockin' album followed by excellent songs such as &quot;Star 69&quot;, &quot;Strange Currencies&quot; and &quot;Let Me In&quot;, a tribute to Kurt Cobain.  It's nice to see REM experimenting and letting alone their traditional 80s pop sound for a while and would certainly recommend this CD for any hard rock fan, even those that dont like REM that much.
B00003CXE7|1.0|I first saw this movie in the theatres against my own will because I had heard it was so bad. Two and a half hours later the  bad things that I had heard about the movie were confirmed, so I dismissed it as just another Waterworld-like Hollywood flop. But several months later I saw it get nominated for and win the major golden globe. Whatever, the Golden Globes are stupid. Then it beat Traffic at the oscars also. I was wondering if i had seen the same film as everyone else. So I took another look at it, and its flaws were more present than ever. It was just too standard a film. Nothing special about it. There was the typical plot of the protagonist losing everything unfairly and then having to get it all back himself using whatever means necessary. The visuals were very good, but that's about it. Russel Crowe won the Oscar, and it made up for his loss in the previous year, but this was in such a bad film that he won. The golden age of Roman Movies is long gone. We hadn't had one in so long I guess everybody wanted it so bad to suceed and be a good movie. And everybody thought it was a good movie. With the exception of the realists who judge a movie based on its content, not its idea. Because you can have the best idea in the world for a movie, but it's all in the execution.
0393312836|4.0|Although this book was hard to read initially, I was able to get into a flow reading &quot;Clockwork Orange&quot;, and enjoyed it thoroughly. There were times when Burgess uses his invented language to describe things, and it turns out to be extremely funny. Along with this book I would also suggest George Orwell's &quot;1984&quot; and &quot;Animal Farm&quot;.
6305011575|5.0|I ADORED this movie! IT was great. And Ben Heller (young Stan) was a doll! He should have gone on with his acting career. He was talented.
B00000ILDE|5.0|ALIENS is the sequel to RIDLEY SCOTT's 1979 hit, ALIEN, in which Ellen Ripley (Sigourney Weaver) heads back to planet LB-426 with marines sent to check her horror story of a rampaging alien, only this time, there are thousands!<br />MY REVIEW:<br />&quot;This sequel is far better than the original!  The movie is spectacular!  The action-SCI-FI-effects are great!  Director, JAMES CAMERON (Titanic, Terminator 2, True Lies) is the greatest director ever!  ALIENS rocks!  This movie is thrilling with its scares, perfect with its action and spontanious with its acting and directing!  ALIENS is an unforgettable classic SCI-FI achievment!  Take my word for it, the movie is great!&quot;- MJV &amp; the Movies.
B00003CXQX|5.0|&quot;The Emperor's New Groove,&quot; an animated musical, takes place in the pre-Columbian Americas. David Spade voices Kuzco, an Inca emperor who is transformed into a talking llama thanks to the scheming court sorceress, Yzma (Eartha Kitt) and her lumbering assistant (Patrick Warburton). In his quest to regain his humanity, Kuzco teams up with a loveable peasant (John Goodman).<br />After so many &quot;serious&quot; animated musicals with &quot;politically correct&quot; trappings (&quot;Pocohontas,&quot; &quot;Mulan,&quot; etc.), &quot;Groove&quot; is an irreverent, goofy breath of fresh air. Don't get me wrong--I loved those more earnest animated epics. But &quot;Groove&quot; is pure fun.<br />The film's humor is much enhanced by the excellent vocal performances. Spade does brilliant work as the sarcastic, self-absorbed Kuzco; his terrific vocal chemistry with Goodman makes this a delightful &quot;buddy&quot; film. The slapstick antics of the film are a fun throwback to classic &quot;Bugs Bunny&quot;/&quot;Roadrunner&quot;-style animated humor. And the witty dialogue well complements the wild visuals. Particularly fun are the scenes where Kuzco breaks out of the confines of the film and directly addresses the audience.<br />As silly as the film is, there is a gentle moral to the film (as exemplified by Kuzco's character arc). Overall, &quot;Groove&quot; is an entertaining film that should delight both adults and children.
B00003CXRM|5.0|I just wondered if anyone else was noticing glitches with their dvd of Oh Brother? I have had trouble with jumping chapters and rewinding or fast forwarding parts. At times the picture will totally freeze and I have to turn off the power and turn it back on to get out of it. Also the voice track has gotten out of sync with the picture on at least 2 occasions when jumping around in the movie. Lastly, when the layer change occurs, I get a streak of color running through the picture. One of the worst layer changes I have encountered.     As for the movie, ( and a couple of plot moments will be mentioned if you wish to stop reading now) I ,like a previous reviewer, really hated Fargo, but Raising Arizona and Big Lewbowksi are two of my favorite comedies ever. This one is not as funny as either of those, but is not that far behind. Defintely merits repeat viewings. I do have a problem with the treatment of animals in the movie, especially given how the sorrier element in the world we live in now tries to emulate everything they see ( note MTV's Jackass!). My other big point with the movie, I cannot figure out why Clooney's character would just sit there asking questions after seeing Goodman's character hit Delmar with a stick and approach him with the stick raised!!      Overall I STRONGLY recommend the film, but if these glitches are existent in a majority of the discs, maybe the studio needs to reissue the film.
B00005B4GT|5.0|Besides Radiohead's &quot;Ok Computer&quot; , this is, without a doubt, their (and the music industry's)greatest album to date. Anyone who thinks or heard that Radiohead's new music style is &quot;difficult&quot; or &quot;hard to listen to&quot; is out of their minds. Also, any person who believes this is &quot;Kid B&quot; or &quot;Kid A Outtakes&quot; has simply been mistaken. &quot;Amnesiac&quot; stands alone, and stands strong. &quot;Amnesiac&quot; is a totally different album from &quot;Kid A&quot; (with two very different concepts)in my opinion. &quot;Kid A&quot; was about society's brain washing and the goverment and corporations' control over us and how we have fallen in line, we are just consumers, &quot;kid a, kid b, kid c, etc.&quot;. &quot;Amnesiac&quot; is seemingly about a man's death, after-life, and remembering of his past. The limited edition &quot;Amnesiac&quot; also has its own theme, going along with the popular novel &quot;Fahrenheit 451&quot; (the destruction of books and our past). I, personally, have no favorite song on this album, they are all equally great. Although songs like &quot;Knives Out&quot; seem to remind us of the &quot;old Radiohead&quot;, other songs like &quot;Pull/Pulk Revolving Doors&quot; and &quot;Life in a Glass House&quot; are very innovative. Other &quot;instant classics&quot; on &quot;Amnesiac&quot; are &quot;You and Whose Army?&quot;, &quot;Pyramid Song&quot;, &quot;I Might Be Wrong&quot;, and &quot;Dollars and Cents&quot;. &quot;Amnesiac is sure to please every Radiohead fan, but will also be enjoyed by people who have never even heard of them. So what are you waiting for ? Enjoy !
B000002IKR|5.0|Until very recently, I was never familiar w/ Testament. Someone recommended them to me. I must say that this and &quot;Practice What You Preach&quot; are their best albums, by far. The music is very much like that of 80s MetallicA which rules, because old MetallicA rules. The best tracks are &quot;Over The Wall&quot;, &quot;C.O.T.L.O.D.&quot;, &quot;Alone In The Dark&quot;, and &quot;The Haunting&quot;.
0679882820|5.0|What a great book for babies and toddlers. My now 21 month old will finish the sentences for me.  She has always loved this book. It has a great rhyming pattern. She especially likes the last page with all the sounds.
B000059Z8J|5.0|The DVD version has brought new life to one of the most thrilling movies ever made (along with Star Wars) during the 1970s! The sound and color on this new DVD version are simply incredible. The new footage is cool too. I am glad they put back the scene where we see a young Lois Lane with her parents(played by Kirk Allyn and Noell Neil) on the train in Smallville.      The extra features and directors commentary are also very interesting. There are also early screen tests for Lois Lane(Ann Archer and Stockard Channing).
630542845X|5.0|I can say this is one the most profound movies I ever saw in my life, and I have already seen a lot of movies, but this movie touches in every people's hearts, its mainly about prejudice when you start to watch it, but the message deep inside is even more complex than anybody can imagine...if you want to buy a movie that will teach you something about life, give a shot at this you, you wont regret it...
B00003CXP1|3.0|Aronofsky provied with Pi that he was a filmmaker to watch, bold and restless, but a bit too clever for his own good.  Requiem for a Dream magnifies these faults, but still holds promise for his future.<br />Still, no amount of razzle-dazzle can hide the fact that the film holds little interest in human terms, other than watching the director torture his junkies.  The story is your standard movie-of-the-week cautionary tale.  The performances are uniformly excellent (Burstyn in particular is put through the wringer), but to what end, exactly?  Drugs are bad, sure.  What else have you got?<br />The early scenes are promising and if Aronofsky and Selby had stuck to comparing the lonely Burstyn's addictions to food, television and longing for fame to her son's herion addiction, they might have been on to something special thematically.  What they've given us instead is little more than a manic exercise in style that finally falls under the weight of its own inventiveness.  <br />Aronofsky throws everything at the viewer but the kitchen sink (including, literally, the refrigerator), but he's trying so hard to be noticed that you quickly forget to care much about his two-dimensional characters.    <br />For a more successful riff on the same theme, try Trainspotting, which is similarly harrowing and stylistically inventive, yet somehow more emotionally resonant.
B000002LGQ|5.0|This was Madonna's first album where she dealt with controversy. Actually her first song that was somewhat controversial was Papa Don't Preach, but with this album, Madonna shocked the masses with the controversial video for Like A Prayer. Like A Prayer became a career song for Madonna, and a fan favorites. Backed with a choir, Madonna pleads love to her lover in this excellent song, one of Madonna's best. Express Yourself also became a household song for Madonna, a song that demands respect for women.<br />Love Song is an underrated song, its a gem which Prince lends his vocals to. One of the most compelling beautiful songs on this album is the simplistic Promise To Try, one of the album's best. Spanish Eyes is also an excellent song.<br />This is one of the best album's from the 80's, its way ahead of its time. Some great material here that people can relate to, or at least find something they enjoy inside of the music. Behind the music, there is a message, listen for it.
B00003CXRM|5.0|I am writing this review to counterbalance the review entitled \\"Stupid! What was funny? A waste of film\\". If your 5 year old could write a better screenplay... well you either have a genius on your hands or the rest of the world should be frightened that you are breeding.     This film is written for intelligent people. If you are not capable of \\"abstract thought\\" you probably have strayed from your element somewhat by viewing this film. You have your place. It's the aisle with the Steven Segal movies on it. Please don't come into my aisle again, let alone pretend you have the qualifications necessary to review a film.     With that said, O Brother Where Art Thou? is definately an underrated movie as some of the other reviewers have stated. Have you ever put off seeing a movie until you really had no choice (the last of the new releases in the video store) only to be blown away when you actually saw the film? This is definately the case for me regarding this film. I am still saying \\"I can't believe I put this off\\". I had to watch the film twice in two days.
B00004X01U|4.0|Madonna returned in 2000 after a hugely successful album with RAY OF LIGHT. This time teaming up with Mirwais and William Orbit, she creates a sound which can be described as a throwback to Daft Punk and other influences from the UK. The album MUSIC opens with the title track and first single which is an infectuous dance anthem with a universal message. While the album might not be strong lyrically the grooves are unmistakable. \\"I Deserve It\\" is a powerful emotive track, reminiscent of the late Dusty Springfield. \\"Amazing\\" sounds similar to \\"Beautiful Stranger\\" but it is still a fun bouncy track. The true gem is either \\"Nobody's Perfect\\", or the epic \\"Paradise (Not For Me)\\". The only track I didn't care for really were \\"Don't Tell Me\\". Overall a strong album hidden with meaning, give it a listen.
B00003CXV4|5.0|I really like this movie.  I know it sounds weird but i love movies that make me cry because they are so realistic.  I was crying my eyes out at the end of this movie.  I think that any person not to cry at the end of this movie is messed up because it was soooo touching and could touch the heart of many young veiwers like myself.
B000002NJS|5.0|After a four year wait since her last studio album, 1994's R&amp;B influenced Bedtime Stories, Madonna returns with one of her strongest albums yet. Ray of Light is Madonna's experimentation with techno and dance, a variety of music that is very popular in the UK. Let me be one to say, the wait was worth it.<br />Witness the albums first single, Frozen. A beautiful, haunting track, a ballad that soars with wings. The vocal lessons Madonna had taken for Evita have payed off. The song is hauntingly beautiful and introspective about love and life, and watching the video only opens listeners mind even more with its beautiful cinemetography. The album is a very introspective album. Madonna deals with motherhood and the joys that come with it on Little Star, which is dedicated to her daughter Lourdes.<br />The second single Ray Of Light was a huge hit, with an excellent video as well. Very danceable and fun. After this though, the singles didn't fare very well. Frozen and Ray of Light both reached #2, just missing #1 barely. However when The Power of Goodbye was released, it only reached about #26 on Billboard, and the following single Nothing Really Matters, which provided the best maxi single for this album, only reached #93, her lowest charted single ever.<br />Along with the singles there are some excellent songs here. Perhaps the worst thing about this album was the fact that Sky Fits Heaven was never released as a single. What an excellent song! Shanti Ashtangi is Madonna singing in sanskrit. Swim &amp; Drowned World/Substitute For Love are compelling tracks. Skin is another excellent song, clocking in at over six minutes.<br />One track on this album that is always overlooked is the haunting track Mer Girl, where Madonna finds her mother's grave and body. What a beautiful song, very simplistic and beautiful, its haunting to listen to Madonna's voice as she explains her mother's death and her own grief.<br />Madonna worked with William Orbit on this album, producingall the tracks. A smart move, this is Madonna's most compelling, and most complete album to date. This is far better than its preddesor Music. This is a must have, its excellent, introspective, and addictive!
0440219078|2.0|ok i can understand why this book got a newberry metal, it had a good plot and it is worth reading but i found that i didn't really like the characters and i thought that it was alittle too improbable even for a sci-fi book.  as i said before you should get this book and it is worth reading at least to give you a new idea of what life might be like in the future.
B0000296SI|5.0|Hey. This is a great CD. I mean, I'm not usually someone who's into punk music, but ever since one of my friends introduced Blink 182 to me, I've really liked them. Anyways, I think the songs are hilarious, but I can't really relate to any of them. I think it's the perfect CD to listen to when you're down and you need a laugh. Also, check out their new CD, Take Off Your Pants and Jacket. Luv ya lots!
0440219078|2.0|ok i can understand why this book got a newberry metal, it had a good plot and it is worth reading but i found that i didn't really like the characters and i thought that it was alittle too improbable even for a sci-fi book.  as i said before you should get this book and it is worth reading at least to give you a new idea of what life might be like in the future.
B000001ESF|5.0|I have always enjoyed this Rush album.  It's creative, tuneful, memorable and a joy to experience.  However, looking back I can remember buying this particular LP when it was first released, and I was so disappointed with the record's quality - warped and skipped and brand new out of the wrapper at that!  I had to return it four times to finally obtain a pressing that was playable.  Many record albums were like this back in the '70s.  Early pre-recorded cassette tapes suffered with poor sound quality.  I'm curious as to whether the record companies even cared about consumers.  Thank god for CD's!  I'll always enjoy the music of Rush, my great rockin' Canadian buddies! :)
0440219078|2.0|ok i can understand why this book got a newberry metal, it had a good plot and it is worth reading but i found that i didn't really like the characters and i thought that it was alittle too improbable even for a sci-fi book.  as i said before you should get this book and it is worth reading at least to give you a new idea of what life might be like in the future.
B00005JSGK|5.0|I remember this film so well! I never failed to see a new John Wayne movie and this one became a real favorite of mine. It was visually beautiful, raucous fun and funny, often exciting and lightly romantic, as well. The genre was refreshing at the time and will surely hold up well as one of Wayne's best films. Red Buttons is also wonderful in this film. The soundtrack is a true classic and the &quot;elephant&quot; music will be immediately recognizable, even today. &quot;Hatari&quot; is a Must for any DVD Library.
B00000JPYD|5.0|If you don't onw this album--buy it now!! There is more here than just blistering (masterful) bluesrock guitar. There is exceptional songwriting--this is not the kind of guitar album that leaves you saying,&quot;yea, yea, just get to the solo!&quot; These are songs you savor from beginning to end! James Dewar's smokey, soulful vocals were evey bit as important as Robins guitar playing. In fact, I can't think of another singer who could have pulled off these songs as convincingly and with as much authority as Dewar. I only wish I could hear this album again with virgin ears!
B00004TLN3|4.0|I've read all of Jane Austen's books and am usually very critical of the film adaptations. I have to admit though that the adaptation of Northanger Abbey sort of grew on me after one or two viewings (yes, I've owned the tape for years). I've probably seen this film dozens of times and I really quite enjoy it. Katherine Schlesinger is perfectly cast as Catherine Morland (anyone who has read the book would most likely agree) and Peter Firth has the charm and playfulness to pull Henry Tilney off. True, the film does not pretend to be a faithful adaptation of the book(there are some quirky scenes that Catherine's wild imagination conjures up) but all the same it adds a certain &quot;tongue-in-cheek&quot; element to the story.  The major points of the plot, however, are straight from the book and characterizations are pretty much on the dot (especially that of John and Isabella Thorpe). If you enjoy Jane Austen's books then you'll easily find Northanger Abbey a guilty pleasure.
B000056PWV|5.0|Hitchcock's most cinematically intricate film boasts some many wondrous images, from the exquisitely detailed apartment from which voyeur Stewart watches to the beautiful Grace Kelly to an early &quot;heavy&quot; performance from Raymond Burr.  But, Thelma Ritter as Stewart's private nurse (and aide-de-camp) adds another memorable character to her arsenal of scene-stealing performances.  Although her screen time is limited, she makes the best of it.  Another may have written her lines, but her execution is typical Ritter: sarcastic, witty, and oh-so-Ritteresque.
B0000028RR|5.0|This is by far the best album i have ever bought!!you can listen through all the tracks with out skiping one, its a piece of pure skill!! the riffs for each track blow your mind and the lyrics are so clear and amazing!! my best traks are 'killing in the name', 'know your enemy'and'fistfull of steel' but all the traks are class!! if u even think of buying this album, do. its emense!! if u have any of R.A.T.M. other albums this is by far the best one. Buy it or you should be asamed of yourself!
B000003N7R|5.0|Jazz begins with the Duke and ends with Trane.  It makes sense, thus, that this all too brief meeting between the two would generate the most beautiful music ever put on record.  Some say this is an extreme opinion, but I challenge anyone with a soul to listen to these songs and not fall instantly in love with the complete record. I have played this record for everyone from everywhere-- Call girls from the city, farmers from the country, business folks and artists alike, not a one has walked away without writing down the exact title so that they might head straight to the nearest long play record shop and put money down to own a copy for themselves.  The music is just that good.
B00003CWTI|1.0|From Aimee Mann screeching through a unending, fingernails-on-a-chalkboard rendition of &quot;One is the Loneliest Number&quot; which drowns out all of the dialogue at the beginning of the movie to the unconventional ending which frankly was way too little, way too late (most well-adjusted viewers would have called the suicide hotline by the end of the second hour), we're presented with nothing but miserable people doing miserable things to make their miserable lives even more miserable.<br />Appealing only to sheltered college student/art types who love to revel in misery and constant over-the-top profanity.  They won't be disappointed, and by the reviews I've read, they weren't.
0399128964|5.0|This is the best novel ever written, period.  Nothing more needs to be said.
B00005J6UP|5.0|I've read some of the bad reviews about the Goonies, and it's sick to think that these people are allowed to live in our society.  The first of their problems was that the (Statue) and the Rosalita (Mouth speaking spanish) scenes were too vulgar for a kids movie!  KIDS HAVE TO LEARN ABOUT THINGS LIKE THAT SOMETIMES YOU DUMMIES!  Atleast their is genuine comedy in this film.  If you don't like it then go and watch Pokemon and a Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen film and be enlightened by all their cheesiness!  <br />THE 2ND Thing people critisized was the fact that any kid would have ditched out on the adventure once that they saw that there was a way out through the well.  DIDN'T YOU PEOPLE EVEN WATCH THE FILM!  MIKE QUOTES, &quot;THE NEXT TIME YOU TAKE A TEST IT WILL BE IN SOME OTHER SCHOOL, THE NEXT TIME YOU SEE SKY IT WILL BE OVER A DIFFERENT TOWN, DOWN HERE IT'S OUR TIME!!!&quot;  THESE KIDS WERE HEROES, if any of you viewers would have bailed out in that situation then I KNOW that you PROBABLY HAVE NOT SUCCEEDED AT MANY THINGS IN LIFE DUE TO THE FACT THAT YOU'RE SCARED!  <br />The last thing is the fact that Data  mentions the Octopuss scene even after it was cut out of the film!  DO YOU THINK RICHARD DONNER, SPEILBERG, AND CHRIS COLUMBUS ARE THAT STUPID!  They knew they had a cult hit on their hands when they put out this film, and they knew everyone would be wondering about the octopuss, and they knew that everyone would pay more money one day to see the deleted scenes because of that (Hence the DVD VERSION, and previously when it was released on the Disney Channel in '87 with the deleted scenes).  THE GOONIES R NOT JUST GOOD ENOUGH, THEY WERE THE BEST.  A TRUE REPRESENTATION OF THE HUMAN SPIRIT THAT PROVED THAT IF YOU WANT TO FLY, YOU CAN!
0671027344|5.0|This is one of the best books I've ever read. It's absolutelty incredible. In a way, I relate so much to charlie, and his friends, and I think so many people could too. This book was reccomended to me by a friend, and I'm so glad. Read this book, you will not be sorry. It sheds new light on what it means to be yourself. I got so much out of it. You'll love it!
B00003CXS4|5.0|The second movie of Guy are one of the most perfects movies of the century...
B00004Z400|5.0|I was never really into the Deftones, but being a huge TOOL fan a friend told me to buy &quot;Adrenaline&quot; back in 96. As soon as I heard it the Deftones were instantly my second favorite band other than TOOL. I personally think White Pony may be a bit better than any of the other two albums. I think they have found their sound with white pony. I enjoy it because it isnt the &quot;KoRn poser&quot; some bands try to be. But every song on White Pony is Great! My favorites are &quot;Passenger&quot; (Maynard and Chino's voices go perfect together), &quot;Elite&quot; (the heaviest awesome song), &quot;Change&quot; (great song even though it has been played nostop on the radio),  &quot;Digital Bath&quot; (Awesome song), &quot;Back to School&quot; (A little too Bizkit but pretty good), sorry if I dont mention any of the others but i havent memorized the titles. Listen to it before you buy it because if you are a rap hardcore ICP listener you might not like it. If you like t check out TOOL, A PERFECT CIRCLE, STAIND, NOTHINGFACE, COLD, SEVENDUST. It is great
0385501560|5.0|Yeah, yeah. I couldn't think up any good nihilistic title. Sorry.<br />I've read everything except Invisible Monsters, and I think this is the best of Palahniuk's work. The structure, alternatively fragmented and beautifully symmetrical, lacks nothing, contributing greatly to the story. Victor Mancini is not always a believable character, but the meaning behind the story, which I found a little hard to grasp with Fight Club and Survivor, is right there, in your face. Who are we? What determines who we are? Can we ever truly redefine ourselves? I think the essence of this book is 'finding yourself' but it's hardly conventional. <br />See also: Fight Club<br />Fight Club was an amazing book. To gain anything, you have to lose everything. One of my friends said it was like &quot;warrior buddhism.&quot; Choke is even more visceral than Fight Club. This is good. The imagery is sometimes painful. Sometimes very painful. But it all works. As Mancini spirals downward, you'll follow. I enjoyed the two different narrations...Mancini speaks for most of the book, but occasionally the author cuts in and attempts to destroy his own character. I think that's neat.<br />Yeah. So. Go read it. It's short, it flows, and you'll like it. I did.
0871137380|5.0|This book was great!  The story came across so real that I started feeling emotions for the soldiers involved.  Mark Bowden does justice to all soldiers that serve in conflicts that are typically forgotten due to not being a &quot;war&quot;.
B00003CXMG|5.0|This movie is the best movie I have seen in a long time. Its music is incrediable. The acting is superb. Kate Hudson proves she is not just Goldie Hawn's daughter but a brilliant actress. Billy Crudip played the sexy Russell Hammond and did an excellent job. But the best performance was for William. Patrick Fugit is so good at this role it makes you shake. So i give this 5 stars and 2 thumbs up. Get this movie, you won't regret it!
B00005B4GU|5.0|A (slightly) more accessible album than Kid A which is nearly just as good. Pakct Like Sardines In A Crushd Tin Box is not as weird as it's title seems to indicate, it starts out with an odd percussion sound and then turns into a fairly conventional, fairly poppy opening number, faintly reminiscent of Planet Telex from The Bends. Next up is Pyramid Song, which is the most beautiful song we've heard from Radiohead since OK Computer. It features piano/orchestral backing and some nice singing (!) from Thom, quite good. Pulk/Pull Revolving Doors is the oddest song on either this or Kid A. It has a peculiar electronics-driven rhythm that makes you think it will pick up pace, though it never does. Not a bad song, but nothing extraordinary, highly experimental. The next several songs are in a far more conventional mode (for post-OK Computer Radiohead, anyway.) You and Whose Army?, I Might Be Wrong, and Knives Out (the most traditional-sounding song on either this or Kid A), are a trio of great songs that are less electronics-laden than the rest of the album (or of Kid A) but still featuring Radiohead's unique approach. Amnesiac's version of Morning Bell is somewhat different from Kid A's, and I like this one better. Stripped of Kid A's bigger arrangement, this version features a gently strummed acoustic guitar and a beautiful vocal from Yorke. Dollars &amp; Cents is a nice little ditty that was premiered on the last tour. It features some good bass and rhythm work and some fairly sardonic lyrics. Hunting Bears is a nice, short guitar-led (!) instrumental that segues into the strangness of Like Spinning Plates. The closing song is Life In A Glasshouse, perhaps the album's standout track. Including some memorable vocals from Yorke and a stuttering piano, this song is truly made great by it's horn arrangement. Perhaps the zenith of Radiohead's recent experimentation, this is truly one of the band's best songs yet. A perfect way to close the album, like The Tourist on OK Computer, nothing could possibly follow this. Amnesiac is a great, must-own album for any Radiohead fan. It doesn't take as many listens to crack as Kid A (and isn't, in my opinion quite as good) and an example of just how great and profound rock music, even in this day and age, can be if you let it.
0783229372|3.0|What's interesting about &quot;The Hindenburg&quot; is the theory of sabotage given to a tragedy that shocked human history.  Robert Wise handles the idea fairly well.  However, I was kind of disappointed to see the scenes of the tragedy mixed together with real footage of the tragedy.  I would have loved to have seen more 70's wizardry on that scene.<br />I am surprised this movie won an Academy Award for best visual effects, but I have to admit that Albert Whitlock's matte paintings are truly remarkable.<br />As for the performances, George C. Scott's performance as a German agent is quite good, in fact he stands out over the rest of the cast.<br />All in all, &quot;The Hindenburg&quot; is an average movie.  Nothing special.
B00005B4GU|5.0|I may be one of the few who actually liked Amnesiac better than KidA. Don't get me wrong, KidA was a great release only surpassed by OK Computer in artistic terms but Amnesiac was altogether different and not touted as an &quot;important&quot; CD which is usually the kiss of death for any release regardless of the band. <br />1. Packt Like Sardines In A Crushed Tin Box - Much in the same vein as &quot;Everything in its Right Place&quot;, it is a nice introduction. The differences between the two songs highlight the essential differences between the CD's. KidA is experimental and touts it while Amnesiac is experimental and ignores the fact.<br />2. Pyramid Song - Utterly haunting as if it were music filtering from the other side of the grave. A quiet despair imbues every note as Thom Yorke uses his voice to great effect. Without a doubt the best track on the entire release.<br />3. Pulk/Pull Revolving Doors - I don't understand why this track is almost universily reviled. I quite enjoyed it but then I am a big fan of Kraftwerks. I see nothing wrong with electronic experimentation and this song works quite well in this respect.<br />4. You and Whose Army? - I get the image of a soundly defeated military general not willing to cede defeat and taunting a far stronger enemy before getting utterly crushed. It's almost as if he is enjoying the dire circumstances.<br />5. I might be wrong - The second best track. It has a new wave feel to it that is hard to ignore - sort of an amalgam of The Cars and the Alan Parsons Project with a touch of Roxy Music thrown in. So damn catchy that I hear it in my sleep.<br />6. Knives Out - Excellent guiter work using laid back California surfer riffs. Nice dissonance between the easy-going music feel and lyrics about killing.<br />7. Amnesiac/Morning Bell - Having gone through a recent divorce, this version of Morning Bell could have been the theme song for the process. &quot;You can keep the Furniture - Bump on the Head.&quot;, &quot;Release me.&quot; and &quot;Cut the kids in half.&quot; (Hey, during some ugly divorces, this may be the only way of sharing custody - of course I am kidding). The errie, almost victorian feel, is in stark contrast to KidA's version which would have fit quite nicely on Alan Parson Project's I Robot - not at all bad in my opinion.<br />8. Dollar and Cents - Nicely put together song with flourishes borrowing heavily from the Moody Blues.<br />9.Hunting Bears - Filler with tinges of Spanish guitar motifs.<br />10. Spinning Plates - More electronic experimentation which vaguely reminds me of the Clockwork Orange Soundtrack. The vocals made to sound like a tape running backwards is reminiscent of some of ELO's dabblings.<br />11. What a New Orlean Funeral procession would sound like if performed by Steely Dan during the Pretzel Logic era. A nice closer to a very original release.<br />With Amnesiac, Radiohead continues to unabashadly fly the flag of prog-rock. Is the work pretentious? Honestly, yes. But that never hindered the greatness of Pink Floyd, Yes, Genesis, King Crimson, David Bowie, Roxy Music, Rush, Peter Gabriel and even the Smashing Pumpkins (I may get lambasted for adding them in the same sentence but stand by my assessment). Really, the only other current release that is even remotely comparable in terms of inventiveness is Tool's Lateralus.
B00005BJ2O|4.0|Just saw the film and came away wondering what I had just experienced - opera? - cabaret? - a campy parody?  The opening minutes of the film felt like a chaotic aural and visual assault, almost like a psychedelic collage of MTV video fragments.  As the scenes lengthen a story in song actually develops through the use of familiar pop tunes. I particularly enjoyed the send ups of &quot;Like a Virgin&quot; and &quot;Roxanne&quot;.  The lyrics of familiar songs take on new meanings in an unfamiliar context.  To really enjoy the film, one has to suspend judgement and just yield to the director's vision, and this director is obviously not familiar with the concept of &quot;Less is More&quot;. I can only describe the experience as a combination of &quot;La Traviata&quot;/&quot;Blade Runner&quot;/&quot;Rocky Horror&quot;/PT Barnum/and even &quot;Umbrellas of Cherbourg.&quot;  Yet, in the end, the performances were poignant and made me cry.  I turned to my friend and said &quot;This will probably be considered an important film in years to come.&quot;
B000059HCI|5.0|This is by far one of the best movies I have seen in years.  The reality of our lives, our addictions to love, life, pills, alcohol, and the turmoil of every day existence and our search for love and happiness -- is so realistically and beautifully represented in this film.  It will challenge your beliefs, grip your soul, and force you to look within and compare youself to the characters in the film.  I recommend this to anyone who enjoys a superbly filmed masterpiece.
B000059MEK|5.0|I'm sorry people but can you give these guys a break? It's not like most of you can go right now to a stuido and record something that can acually be put on a cd. Think about it. In my opinion this cd is one of my favorites. I listen to it all the time trying to figure out if the songs are saying somrthing or its just fooling with my brain. This cd can be listen to anwhere and in any mood. You can sing to, it dance to it. Its just that kind of music.I can see how some songs might not apeal to everyones brain. but open your mind listen to something different. Even if you think you won't like it. It's your choice. i recomend this cd to every and any one.
B00005B4GU|4.0|I was turned on to Radiohead in the &quot;Bends&quot; era (by a girlfriend) and I honestly think this is one of the better albums.  While not as fantastic as &quot;OK Computer&quot; (which will undoubtedly go down as one of the better albums of the 20th century, and certainly a good album to herald the next millenium), I thought &quot;Amnesiac&quot; was far better than &quot;Kid A&quot;, which seemed more like a &quot;music experiment&quot; than &quot;music&quot;.  <br />The songs on this disc are hauntingly sad, and Thom Yorke's voice (whether you think he's one of the most emotional singers or sounds like nails on a blackboard) carried the saddness extremely well.  The remix of &quot;Morning Bell&quot;, one of the best songs of &quot;Kid A&quot;, does the song justice, and &quot;Pyramid Song&quot; will go down as this album's reverse of &quot;Exit Music [for a film]&quot; (&quot;there was nothing to fear and nothing to doubt&quot; vs. &quot;we hope that you choke&quot;).<br />Overall, a very sad album.  Certainly not upbeat, and I can't think of a single track that's radio-friendly (perhaps something that's going to prevent sales), but if you liked &quot;OK Computer&quot; (story: &quot;technology is going to destroy us&quot;) and &quot;Kid A&quot; (&quot;technology is destroying our humanity: we now have the ability to clone&quot;) you will like &quot;Amnesiac&quot; (&quot;after technolgy destroys us, then what?&quot;)
B0000542DG|5.0|It's unfortunate that you can't get a higher rating.  This film is seriously wicked.  Normally spook films don't do much to me, but this one made me jump out of my seat, all I can say is itis brilliant.<br />Thankyou for reading.
0805062971|4.0|This book caught me by surprise. The movie set a vivid tone for the audiences but after reading the book, it's like being the narrator in the book. I loved the movie but I wish I would have read the book first. No important details were left out by Palahnuik in the book. The character, Tyler Durden, a savior or a murderer? You, yourself have to decide after reading the book.  Palahnuik threw an image about how society and generations really are to my face and beliefs. So...take my word for it, read the book, you won't regret it.
0807282375|5.0|If I could say one thing to the author of the His Dark Materials trilogy, it would be to say thank you. That is the only way I could put everything I feel about the books into words. Thank you Philip Pullman.
6305627401|5.0|this movie is well worth the money if your not a offended by vulger langange or sexaul referances... I die laughing everytime I watch it...
0780626966|5.0|I bought this DVD collection without ever seeing any of the &quot;Nightmares&quot; except for part 1. Anyways, everyone gave 2 such a bad review, but when I was watching it I thought it wasn't that bad. But it is. The middle and the ending is just horrible!! I hate it! Three is awesome, four's pretty good, five's kinda iffy, six sucks, and 7 is great. I got a DVD player just for this set, but you know, I kinda think I should've just got the VHS collection. There are lots of extra features, but not as many as you think. I mean, everything listed on the special features list is on there, but it's not as great as I thought. But, pretty good. If you already have a DVD player, get this. If you're thinking of getting a DVD player not just for the Nightmare films, get this too.  In my opinion of the nightmare films, best to worst: 1, 7 and 3 are tied, 4,5,6,2. So there you go!! Enjoy!!!!
B000002WYT|1.0|uh.... I just wan't to say that the DMB is the dumbest band i've ever had the misfortune to hear. they give all musicians a bad name, and i think Dave Matthews should just stop writing music. If your thinking about getting a DMB c.d. DONT!! now, REAL music is bands like Everclear, Nirvana, Green Day, Weezer, The Living End, Collective Soul....... and on and on.....pretty much every band except DMB. except for rap. Rappers like Jay-Z and Snoop dog, and Sisquo should all be sentanced to death. they make me want to vomit all over my dog. Rap &quot;Singers&quot; are the only acceptions on a band thats worse than the DMB. and thats all....I think you get my point. I would give them 0 stars, or   -5  but, I don't think you can.......
B00005B0PU|5.0|There's nothing I can say about this record that hasn't already been said, but that won't stop me from raving about it.  Odessey and Oracle continues to give me chills.  The songs are simple and beautiful, perhaps the most melodic I've ever heard.  Oftentimes, the band uses angelic vocal harmonies in place of mere guitar chords that give the album a unique feel.  And the lyrics are beautiful... more than once, they've brought tears to my eyes.  Once you've heard it, you'll never forget it.
B00003CXPD|5.0|Chocholat got in the way of Billy Elliot in the Oscar race this year and , as a result  one of 2000's best movies got less press-attention and smaller box-office profits than it indeed dezerved. Stephen Daldry's film is one of the best british movies i ever seen . Equally funny yet surely most touching than The Full Monty , Billy Elliot tells the story of a kid whose family life takes some stormy turns when he starts ballet lessons instead of taking box trainings like his father desires. This is a high-quality feel good movie which owes a lot of it's magic to a great cast . It's not only Jamie Bell who is excellent in the title role or Julie Walters who won an Oscar nomination ( the least the academy could do ) for her perfomance as Billy's teacher . It's also Gary Lewis who shinnes as the gifted boy's father or even smaller parts like the grandmother and the brother which makes this movie as great as it is.British cinema is not only Guy Ritchie you know...
0064407667|2.0|I've read reviews comparing the author to Edward Gorey and Roald Dahl (Gorey makes the most sense, especially since the gothic background and language seems at times an homage to, at times a a rip-off of, the past master's work).  I found the books in the &quot;unfortunate events&quot; series to be, for the most part, like a day-old cookie or pre-opened soda.  Looks promising, but ends up tasting stale and flat.  There's just something missing that greats like Gorey and Dahl never lacked - let's call it warmth.  What made Edward Gorey a classic author was not merely his use of the gothic or the grotesque, but the understated humor, the heart, with which he described his characters' pitfalls.  One feels no such warmth within these books.  Cynicism and sarcasm alone are fun, but they ultimately make for a thin read; the classics, the truly great books, have more substance than evidenced by this series so far.
B000002J1F|5.0|The first time I went to a &quot;Yes&quot; concert the whole auditorium was dark and silent. Very slowly a sound emerged becoming more and more audible. When the lights slowly came on you realized it was Rick Wakeman on the synthesizer playing the backup riff for the band. I finally knew then and there the feeling of mind blowing rock and roll. This CD really brings back some old and very intense memories.
B000056K04|2.0|I used to love Dave Matthews Band.  They were original and inspiring.  Yet as they get more famous, they seem to have forgotten about their original fan base to focus on the pop crowd.  They've lost their edge, they sound just like everybody else on this album.  This is a classic case of a good band gone bad, and letting fame and fortune get to their heads.  If you're going to buy a Dave CD, get an early one. When they still remembered what music is all about.
1577311523|5.0|Eckhart Tolle has conveyed, in his own words, the Presence of Being, which some people refer to as `Cosmic Consciousness'. This term was first coined by Dr R. M. Bucke 100 years ago and became the title of his own extraordinary study of the potential of Consciousness that we, Homo-Sapiens-Sapiens, have. The study points conclusively to the fact that we need look no further then \\"within ourselves\\". And, indeed, the time has always been NOW!<br />The 80, or so, previous reviews provide ample evidence of the wisdom, the `Presence', in Eckhart's words.  Instead of trying to say the same thing over again, but differently, I wish to provide a response to the question on page 105 re: the topic of \\"Slowing down the aging Process\\".  There the questioner asks, \\"Is there any scientific evidence for this?\\" <br />I have personally seen that there is. There are a number for studies prepared on the amazing longevity of the peoples of the Caucasus Mountains.  Within that culture there is a practice they themselves refer to as Ahmusta Kebzeh. (Europeans and Russians refer to it as `Caucasian Yoga'). When one compares the wisdom contained in Eckhart Tolles words with the teachings of Kebzeh they have the distinct \\"feeling\\" of resonating from the same source. The works of Murat Yagan are an example of this resonance. Yagan has himself prepared detailed publications around the Circassian tradition of \\"Living Life Abundantly\\".<br />Since Yagan and Tolle are literally (and figuratively) in each other's backyards I am look forward to the two of them getting together and sharing their wisdom someday. <br />Be Well<br />Ed Schulte
0471603864|5.0|Like all of Griffiths' books, this is the best place to start on this particular subject.  This book teaches many of the fundamentals of particle physics without getting heavily into quantum field theory.  The book has the particular magic of all of his books in that it makes the difficult subject seem easy.  This seems to be done in two ways.  One is that Griffiths has a wonderful casual speaking style that makes it easy to  follow. He is simply an excellent teacher.  The other is that<br />he only covers the subjects that are readily simplified.  His theory seems to be that on the first attempt one should learn the easy stuff and then later go back and learn the not so  easy stuff that may require much more complicated mathematics.  This always requires one to hit the more difficult books like Jackson, Goldstein and any advanced QFT book later in life. This has been my theory as well and this is why I appreciate his books as much as I do.  In the down side this books is <br />probably not as successful as his E&amp;M and Quantum books.  That is simply because particle physics is a much more diverse field and a newer field and also a more difficult subject and so &quot;Griffithizing&quot; it is a more challenging task.  However as usual no one else has done a better job.
0679879269|3.0|Philip Pullman has written a trilogy that is challenging and exciting and thought-provoking.  The first two books in the trilogy were excellent and left me waiting for more.  This one was somewhat of a disappointment.  There was certainly a rich plot in this book, but Pullman himself seemed to get in the way of the story more than he did in the previous two books.  I have really enjoyed his creative and critical view on religion and it's use and abuse in the previous two books - I've found that I was left reflecting on these topics for a long while after I finished each of those books.  The key to both of those books, though, was that Pullman had a certain amount of restraint in his writing that challenged the reader to think for him or herself and come to his or her own conclusions about issues.  This book felt to me like he suddenly lost the ability to speak through metaphor and had to beat us over the head with his opinion.  It was kind of like those books in which a character has to say something like, &quot;Gee Sally, we sure have learned a lot about X today.  I learned that ....&quot;  The closest parallel that I have for this is Upton Sinclair's book, The Jungle.  The Jungle spends about 300 pages spinning out a story that really convinces you that there's something significant you need to think about, and then in the last dozen or so pages it degenerates into a meeting where the author has to preach to you his views.  Duh ... we got it.  In reading this trilogy I felt like Pullman respected and trusted my intelligence and ability to think for myself as a reader all until the last chapter or so of the last book, at which point he lost faith and couldn't hold himself back from just telling me flat out his views.  It felt disloyal to Lyra and disloyal to me, and for me it broke the &quot;frame&quot; of the fantasy he had set up.  Bad writing after so much good writing.  I LOVED the first two books and much of this one, but show me some respect, please.
6300215814|5.0|I hadn't really been into the old flics, til I saw this one on television, I had to get it.  Even though it's an older movie, it's still a classic with me.  Even the comedy is cute. I love Audrey and this movie, it's zany and very much fun!
B00005LB9O|4.0|honestly, I've never really cared for the first single, \\"sing\\".  It's pretty darn cliched, and the banjo alone isn't enough to keep me excited, not to mention the pretty weak chorus.  What is impressive though is (once again) that travis' charisma somehow makes you forget how simple some of their music really is.  Fran healy almost makes \\"sing\\" seem like a revelation, even though it's not.  Singing makes people happy?  I never knew.  So he isn't a genius, but he's right that an awful lot of people need a reminder sometimes, and that's the attitude he takes to it.  The same can be said about \\"side\\".  I don't really love those songs, as they are a little \\"safe\\" (pun intended).  Travis isn't breaking too much ground, as they've simply cheered themselves up after the lonesome and quiet \\"the man who\\".  That doesn't mean that \\"the invisible band\\" is a return to the distortion anthem rock of their debut record.  Instead there is a full-fledged happiness that shines through a good number of the songs, despite the fact that the quiet, acoustic sound is still prevalent.  Listen to \\"flowers in the window\\" and you'll understand.  \\"The cage\\" is simple again, but it's so masterfully done that you'll grow to love it.  \\"Follow the light\\" is the same way.  Maybe the best tracks, however, come at the record's end and, not coincidentally, are much more somber.  \\"Last train\\", maybe the darkest of the bunch is majestic and surprisingly threatening in its tone (\\"i'm gonna buy a gun / gonna shoot everything, everyone / and then I'm comin for you / cause it was you that drove me to\\"). The atmosphere created is wonderfully ambient, much like in \\"dear diary\\" (which must be listened to with headphones by the way).  That's the true beauty of this record - the meshing of the guitars and vocals to what's going on in the background.  you can probably credit producer nigel godrich for that.  It gives the music a powerfully charming character.  The last two tracks are especially memorable.  \\"Indefinitely\\" could easily have found its place on the last album with its lowkey, cautious, but obvious optimism.  \\"Time exists, but just on your wrist, so don't panic\\" is one of the best lyrics healy's commited to tape.  My favorite song is the closer, \\"the humpty dumpty love song\\".  It starts out oddly enough, with a lo-fi awkward pitter-patter on some kind of drum before the guitar jumps in over it.  It sounds somewhat like what an acoustic u2 song would be.  When the symphonic strings start to pile up in the background, you know you've got a keeper, and what really clinches it is when the guitar \\"solo\\" comes in after the middle 8.  Every note is heart-wrenching.  I didn't think they could top \\"luv\\" and \\"more than us\\" for sad love songs, but travis amazes again.  If you don't like that song or any of the cheery songs, you certainly won't enjoy this album, but if they intrigue you, \\"the invisible band\\" is certainly worth your time.
1577311523|5.0|Eckhart Tolle has conveyed, in his own words, the Presence of Being, which some people refer to as `Cosmic Consciousness'. This term was first coined by Dr R. M. Bucke 100 years ago and became the title of his own extraordinary study of the potential of Consciousness that we, Homo-Sapiens-Sapiens, have. The study points conclusively to the fact that we need look no further then \\"within ourselves\\". And, indeed, the time has always been NOW!<br />The 80, or so, previous reviews provide ample evidence of the wisdom, the `Presence', in Eckhart's words.  Instead of trying to say the same thing over again, but differently, I wish to provide a response to the question on page 105 re: the topic of \\"Slowing down the aging Process\\".  There the questioner asks, \\"Is there any scientific evidence for this?\\" <br />I have personally seen that there is. There are a number for studies prepared on the amazing longevity of the peoples of the Caucasus Mountains.  Within that culture there is a practice they themselves refer to as Ahmusta Kebzeh. (Europeans and Russians refer to it as `Caucasian Yoga'). When one compares the wisdom contained in Eckhart Tolles words with the teachings of Kebzeh they have the distinct \\"feeling\\" of resonating from the same source. The works of Murat Yagan are an example of this resonance. Yagan has himself prepared detailed publications around the Circassian tradition of \\"Living Life Abundantly\\".<br />Since Yagan and Tolle are literally (and figuratively) in each other's backyards I am look forward to the two of them getting together and sharing their wisdom someday. <br />Be Well<br />Ed Schulte
B00003CXDZ|5.0|A fantastic piece of work,like nothing you've seen before . It's frenetic , kinetic rollecoaster style is breathtaking. The performances are all wonderful . This is the best work from Ewan McGregor since Shallow Grave &amp; Life Less Ordinary &amp; Nicole Kidman is every bit his equal. Their voices are perfect for the roles . I've heard more than 1 person say they were warned to stay away . I'll warn you this film is meant for the big screen. Well, judge for yourself, they are not you . You will Love this or hate it, there is not alot of middle ground here . I hope you love it as I did. if not, at least someone else didn't make up your mind for you !
B000003TA5|5.0|THIS ALBUM IS BY FAR THE GREATEST ALBUM OF ALL TIME AND IS A MUST FOR ALL MUSIC FANS!!!
B00003CXRM|5.0|I loved this movie,my whole family watched it and throughly enjoyed.definitely worth watching again
B000059HAI|5.0|I Really like war movies and this is the definitive version of the attack on Pearl Harbor. The effects are great and the historical background are precise. It's superior to the recent Pearl Harbor film. This is the movie!
B00002MZ4W|5.0|This CD is the most incredible thing I have ever heard...okay, not really, but it's pretty damn close.  The CD has so much variety to it, from serious and angry (like Limp) to more lighthearted (at least in my opinion Paper Bag is kind of lighthearted for Fiona), to songs that just give you an adrenaline rush (Fast as You Can...pretty obvious from the title that it's a pretty energetic song), and songs that are just beautiful and moving (I Know and Love Ridden).  Get this CD, you'll want to listen to it over and over, believe me.
B000002J1C|5.0|THE YES ALBUM isn't simply an album...it is a trip...a journey.  For those with the patience to LISTEN,  the rewards are many. Soaring vocals,  clever arrangements,  brilliant musicanship and magical lyrics will take you to another place.  Don't expect to dance or shake,  this is cerebral music.  Music about war,  peace, science,  time travel and nature. While recorded in 1970, it is as stunningly original and powerful as it was 31 years ago. One of the greatest records ever.
0679746048|5.0|I am a person who thinks in great quantities. A lot of time in my life is spent analyzing things- little things, peculiar things, random things- and this book became a part of me.  It helped me to understand myself and my thoughts.  If you are the type of person who doesn't analyze minute details of everything, then don't read this book.  Most likely it will annoy you.  But if you're like me- read it over and over and over again.  Never stop thinking, never stop learning, never stop LIVING!
B00005AQGH|5.0|Makaveli was gunned down just 2 months before this cd was released. 2pac wasnt here, but that didnt make his voice any less powerful in hip-hop culture. This release is one of his best (tied with ALL EYEZ ON ME). This is definetely a battle album, with great war tracks like &quot;Bomb First&quot;, &quot;Life Of An Outlaw&quot;, and &quot;Against All Odds&quot;. Additional hits include &quot;Toss It Up&quot;, &quot;To Live And Die In LA&quot;, and &quot;Hail Mary&quot;. You have to get this album.
B000056JYC|5.0|What a terrific album. My parents had this on record when it came back out in '76. Mom always said that I had to eventually get this one. For too long I just picked it up ; over &amp; over putting it back again. <br />One day in February I saw this new edition at the record store. I knew the time had come.<br />Tracks such as I'll Give You Money, Nowhere's too Far for my Baby &amp; It's a Plain shame (besides all the three expected hits) are just a small reason to buy this. It's packaged with the essay that Cameron Crowe wrote in late 1975 for Rolling Stone. <br />Also is commentary from Mr. Frampton, as well as a background on the recording of the masterpiece. This is the greatest thing to come out of live music ever ;)
B00002MZ4W|5.0|This is the best album in the entire world!!!!!  Try it!  And if you don't love this album for its well written lyrics, then love it for its wonderful music that everyone's bound to enjoy!
B00005B36H|5.0|Being a Tool fan since Opiate of course I bought this album a few days after it was released. I popped it in my CD player and noticed it was almost 80 mins. long, with most of the songs reaching over 6 minutes. Tool is one of the best bands that hasn't sold-out to this rap/metal thing. The instrumental songs are Mantra (actually Mantra is just some pretty creepy moaning), Triad, and Faaip De Oiad. My favorite and one of the heaviest songs on the album is Ticks and Leeches. If you enjoyed Undertow and AEnima then I know you'll love Lateralus.
B00004YRQA|5.0|So that some people get it right: The PS2 8MB Memory card works only with PS2 and that is it - no PS, PSone etc... As for games: PS2 Games can be saved only on PS2 8 MB memory cards and PS games played on a PS2 consle can be saved only on a PS memory card. Other than that the card works great and I do not understand why buy anything other than Sony for such an expensive console.
B000001DTM|5.0|This is great! the title of the album is kind of a weird but it really doesn't matter!! Album is jus dazzling. U2 is on the top as always. I am crazy about every song in this CD. they are so perfect. I promise - if you buy it, you will never regret. Remember: U2 is and will be the best rock band in the world.
0451191153|1.0|The Fountainhead's enduring popularity remains a mystery to me. Really, this novel is a fairly standard romance with a lot of heavy-handed philosophy thrown in. Howard Roark's rugged individualist shtick isn't anything we haven't seen before in other novels. Sorry, folks, but this novel is absolutely not what it's cracked up to be.
B00000IL1K|4.0|Ms. Brightman's voice can stand alone - par none. I did not care for the first three cuts on this album, too &quot;new-agey&quot; for my tastes. I found at times that her voice seemed to be over-shadowed or lost behind the music. Could do without the birds or nature sounds as well.  The rest of the CD was great!
B00004X01U|3.0|Considering Madonna is known for extreme things, this CD was way down at the bottom. With only ten tracks, i dont' exactly recomend it. I mean, most Cds come with at least 12, right? The songs are Ok, but the songs that they have been playing on the radio are truthfully the only good songs on the album. The others are dull, not what you would expect from the queen of trendstarting! I recomended this 3 stars for the the tracks, Music, Nobody's Perfect, and What it feels like for a girl. For the same price of a normal CD, an album with only ten songs and only about 4 of them are good, it's not worth it.
B000059R8Y|3.0|This is a very average cd from a very above average talent.These songs are very slow and there`s just not much to this.I was hoping for some blues,instead got this rather boring,middle of the road cd that has unfortunately become pretty standard stuff with eric lately.When you listen to stuff like blues,the live material,it makes you long for eric playing his guitar the way only he can.Make no mistake about it,eric is no great vocalist.But when he sings while playing the blues,they sort of go hand in hand and sound very good together,sort of like hendrix.Stay away from this if your looking from the blues.
B00000J7J4|2.0|I think it is VERY dissapointing that in the generations of Santana's GENIUS music, he has to produce a poppy album with artists that have a fraction of Santana's talent in order to recieve a Grammy.  I am actually sorry that I purchased this album because it is DEFINATELY not real Santana.
B000002MTU|5.0|All right...  This may not be the Clapton of the &quot;Blues Breakers&quot; era, but that's just fine.  Musicians mature.  They evolve.  Trying to corral one artist into a particular point in their career, is ridiculous.<br />Clapton is a rare breed.  Many of his peers are no longer with us.  Whether it's Jimi Hendrix, Stevie Ray Vaughan, Duane Allman, Janis Joplin - all are remembered as snapshot of the time they died.  No one knows how these musicians would have changed had they not been taken from us.  So, I don't think it is exactly fair to put the same restrictions on EC.<br />Which brings us to this album, one of my favorites by Clapton.  Released after the sorrowing death of his son, Clapton, who must have been struggling with his own inner demons - returns to the type of music that compelled him to play guitar in the first place. <br />His riffs are clean and flawless.  His vocals are meaty, but better than those on his recent albums that seem somewhat strained.  It's a good common ground.
B000001IQH|3.0|too much pop punk. ska is catchy though. Only songs like ruby soho,time bomb and maxwell murder get away. otherwise this album gets boring. finally, they sound nothing like bad religion.
0060934913|5.0|From the moment I picked up this book (lent to me by a friend who actaually attended the CIA like the author...), I could not put it down.  I am a self-professed &quot;foodie&quot; and the humour, insights, &quot;tales from the dark side&quot; and general pace of the book kept me coming back for more.  A fascinating book that will gross you out (never eat fish on Tuesday, stay away from Hollandais sauce at a buffet...), educate you (which knives to choose in a well-stocked kitchen) and entertain you (what the &quot;waitrons&quot; really think of you and why you shouldn't care!)  In between, the book is seasoned to perfection with raucous tales of what goes on behind those swinging doors (a whole lot of swinging!).  Since reading the book, I look at dining out in a whole new light---sometimes with more respect and admiration (for the chef, the sous chef and staff)and sometimes with a lot less (restaurant owners, some suppliers, some wait staff.)  You will never look at a basket of bread at a restaurant in the same way again.  This book ignited a smoldering fascination with food for me (I am proud to say I am a &quot;foodie&quot; now!) and I am also proud to say that even though I know the dangers of eating at a street vender's stand in NYC or in downtown Guatemala City---I still have done it and will continue to do it.  Food is above all an adventure---something that this book extoles.
B00005LB9O|5.0|I can't agree more with the review below this one.  British pop is so much different from American and so much better.  With groups like Blur, Travis, and my favorite OASIS, how can you go wrong?  This album is just as good, if not better than their previous.  Fran, this band's lead singer has a great voice.....not to offend Liam Gallagher of Oasis.  Do yourself a favor and get this CD.
B000003TAR|5.0|In Utero is Nirvana's third and final studio album. Recorded in 1993 with producer Steve Albini, who is credited for working with on other Kurt Cobain influences such as Big Black, and Rapeman. Most of the songs on this album Kurt Cobain wrote around 1991 and was the major label followup to Nirvana's '91 pop masterpiece, Nevermind.   The band became hugely popular after releasing Nevermind which they thought &quot;sold out&quot; the punk ethic. Having feeled strayed away from their roots Kurt Cobain and Nirvana headed into the studio to create a loud and raw sound unlike the polished sound of Nevermind. Most of the songs were recorded of the band playing live and little was changed by producer Steve Albini. Although after much controversy of Nirvana's record label rejecting the piece of &quot;anti-Nevermind&quot; they were given, eventually REM's producer stepped in and mixed &quot;Heart-Shaped Box&quot; and &quot;All Apologies&quot; leaving everyone but the press satisfied   On In Utero, Kurt Cobain displays more developed song writing skills. &quot;Serve the Servants&quot; screams out of angst and against fame, while &quot;Scentless Apprentice&quot; is influened by the subversive literature writer the late William S. Burroughs. The single &quot;Heart-Shaped Box&quot; was written by Cobain about Terminally ill children. &quot;Rape Me&quot; Mixes the chord changes of &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot; and &quot;Polly&quot; from Nevermind into a classic Nirvana verse-chorus-verse rocker with emotional lyrics. &quot;Frances Farmer Will Have Her Revenge On Seattle&quot; is written about the late Seattle born actress who intrigued Kurt Cobain. Then the pace of the album slows down into &quot;Dumb&quot;, A Beatles like pop song written about love. &quot;Very Ape&quot; is an anti-macho male song while &quot;Milk It&quot; uses Parasites as metaphors and screams of angst. The raw noisy guitar of Kurt Cobain begin &quot;Radio Friendly Unit Shifter&quot;, which basically isthe title Kurt thought he had become. Probabally the best written song on In Utero is &quot;Pennyroyal Tea&quot;, in which Cobain asks for a &quot;Leonard Cohen Afterworld&quot; so he can &quot;Sigh Eternally&quot; Leonard Cohen, being the Canadian Poet,Folk Singer Kurt admired. &quot;Tourettes&quot; is basically a loud, fast, and mean rocker with only 3 recognizable words. And finally In Utero ends with the soft melody of &quot;All Apologies&quot;, which is a very emotional song that could have been sung by the Beatles if done about 25 years earlier.   In Utero is clearly Kurt Cobain's most exceptional song writing. The lyrics to all the songs are included in the booklet maybe to show off his song writing skills or to put an end to the madness that happened to Nevermind when nobody could understand what Kurt was saying. The cover and back collage of In Utero are fetus and reproductive system models designed and arranged by none other than Kurt Cobain.   Nevermind was a tough act to followup but In Utero is a worthy succesor that keeps the listener tuned in the entire album with a song list that you don't have to skip through. I have owned In Utero for several years and it still contains the raw energy it did when first released. An essential album to all music lovers.
0060934913|1.0|I bought this book based on an interesting outline and a number of enthusiastic reviews, but it was a real struggle to finish.   I kept waiting for something to happen, anything to happen,that was either interesting, amusing or instructive, but it never did.   The book is little more than a meandering stream-of-consciousness rambling by a self-important, self-indulgent egocentric 70s flower child ...While these may be good atributes for a chef, ...they don't make for a good writer.  For those interested in more factual books, try \\"The Making of a Chef\\" by Michael Ruhlmann.
0156528207|5.0|I never expected to be so moved by such a small tale.  Read it, and share it....it contains the most beautiful life lessons to be passed along.
B000002GVO|4.0|This is truly a geat album, especially once you get through the hits.  Okay, &quot;Hotel California&quot; is a deservedly great song in its own right and needs little explanation, but &quot;New Kid in Town&quot; And &quot;Life in the Fast Lane&quot; are simply boring.  The lyrics are kind of interesting but otherwise there's nothing memorable about them.  But once you get to &quot;Wasted Time&quot; and its &quot;Reprise,&quot; the Eagles start singing some timeless ballads that are both clearly differentiable from each other and memorable.  True, none of these would have made it as a single, but &quot;Pretty Maids All in a Row,&quot; &quot;Try and Love Again,&quot; and &quot;The Last Resort&quot; join with &quot;Wasted Time&quot; to make this a seminal album of its generation.  These songs slow down the pace immensely and beautifully illustrate the emptiness of a superficial life with a superficial lifestyle lived in a superficial landscape.  The pathos tugs at the heartstrings.
B00004U45G|4.0|I have to admit this is the first Black Crowes CD I have bought. What a set, too bad there isn't a video available. I really liked &quot;The Lemon Song&quot;, &quot;Heartbreaker&quot;, &quot;Custard Pie&quot;, and &quot;In My Time Of Dying&quot;. The blues covers are nice extras. Page is in top form and has redeemed himself in my book after the dismal &quot;Clarksdale&quot; sessions.<br />The vocals on this set are incredible, especially on &quot;The Lemon Song&quot; and &quot;You Shook Me&quot;, gotta have good lungs for those trax. Also having multiple guitarist adds a depth and richness that Zeppelin wasn't able to capture live.<br />It would have been nice to see maybe &quot;Since I've Been Loving You&quot;, &quot;The Wanton Song&quot;, or &quot;Communication Breakdown&quot; on this set.<br />I would have liked to see Page involved with the production of this CD, that's why I gave it a 4 star rating. All in all, great set....buy it, you won't be disappointed.
B000002IOW|5.0|Thats just what this cd is (PERFECTION).Every song is great. This is one of my favorite cd in my collection.
6304233639|3.0|I'm so ... proud to be an American! We saved the world! And did so with Morse Code! Geesh! Feel-good no-brainer presents attractive cast in a hopelessly stupid sci-fi film. Scooby-do has more believability! Our Prez was definitley not a speech major, &quot;Today. We celebrate; our independence day.&quot; What is really celebrated is : ..., drunkeness, wild-cat nukeing, stupidity,...  After a grand opening montage of shawdows over the moon, the film sinks immediatley into a frightfully irritating scene at SETI. Fourth-gradedly, the background song is, &quot;It's The End of The World As We Know It....&quot; How prophetic! (Did I mean to say &quot;...?&quot;) The wooden characters are as dumb as mud...especially the President and his National Security Advisor, &quot;I think we should move you to a secure location Mr. President.&quot; As an elementary school student, I was taught to believe there was a huge bomb-proof bunker several hundred feet beneath the White House. Now it appears that's not true. Therein lies the problem ~~ this film offers no suspension of dis-belief. It's much less science fiction, and much more speculative fantasy (pardone moi redundancy). They smoke cheap cigars in the alien mother-craft (sure). Do you realize that Space Ghost makes more sense then this banquet of idiocy?  Put away your Sominex, and put in this tape/DVD. Worth watching once for the novelty only.
0553275976|3.0|The frank story delivered by Wolfe has a powerful message that rings true in today's society, it was just a little long - 700 pages (I often found my self sifting through meaningless paragraphs).  Sherman McCoy, who is a rich Wallstreet aristocrat, runs over a Bronx city hoodlum after being threatened.  It is a commentary of 1980s society, and can be extended into the present time.  Materialism, egotism, hypocrisy...even the middle-class assistant D.A., Kramer, is subject to these human flaws as he uses the case for personal gain and glory, as does the DA in his re-election.  McCoy sums up a major point in the book in saying to his lawyer, &quot;Your self -- I don't know how to explain it, but if, God forbid, anything like this ever happens to you, you'll know what I mean.  Your self...is other people, all the people you're tied to, and it's only a thread.&quot;  Of course, if this thread is cut, like it is for McCoy, what becomes of that &quot;self?&quot;  Wolfe's story becomes a Greek tragedy on the major flaw of humans -- finding their identity in people, possessions, and power.
6300216047|5.0|This spine-tingling inter-galactic adventure of the Queen of deprived sexual instinct is a long time favorite of illegal migrant farm workers in the US southwest. Baffled by the concept of physical pleasure, clueless, careless, and Vadimized beyond belief, our acquiescent heroine plies her considerable gifts to save the universe from forces evil. The cheesey special effects are drop-dead perfect, even by contemporary standards. What would you change? The sadistic skating dolls of Satan are glorious. I started shouting Hosanna's right away. Funny, campy, sexy, and visually stunning. Obviously French. Delisciously decadent. I hope it gets re-made soon. High camp as no other. Underated fun. Great chick film. (See, they get mad if you put in straight porn, but disguised as &quot;Art&quot;, well, you're in like flint!)
B000006NPY|5.0|I really have no clue why I'm writing this, as there are well over 400 reviews for this album.  I just feel so strongly about it, and I don't think enough people really appreciate the pure emotion that went into the creation of this masterpiece.  So I'll bludgeon you with repetition...<br />This CD does require a few slight provisions prior to experiencing it.  You don't necessarily have to be in any particular mood to get the full effect, but I think it should at least be dark out.  I can never listen to this CD during the day, just because it sounds a little odd.  'So Tonight That I Might See' by Mazzy Star is the same way with me (if you haven't heard it, I highly recommend it and if you like 'Adore' you'll love that one).  I also think you need to have about 74 minutes on your hands.  It really spoils it if you skip your way through the disc.  And finally, an open mind is a must.  You will probably not love this album as much as you think you will after the first listen.  You might not even make it all the way through.  But if you keep on listening, I guarantee that it will slowly become more than just &quot;a Smashing Pumpkins CD&quot; to you.<br />Onto the music.  I don't think this CD is depressing at all.  It's not a happy record by any means, but it certainly isn't sad.  It's about growth, and moving on.  It's about embracing the love we should all feel for each other.  It's about so much more than that too, and I really can't even do its meaning justice.  Upon your first listen, make sure to pay close attention during To Sheila, Appels + Oranjes, and For Martha.  Those are the three that will draw you in, and open you to the rest of the material; three of the best songs Corgan has written.  With time, you will probably develop an intense love for Perfect, Crestfallen, and Behold! the Night Mare.  From there, all of the gaps are filled in and from this point on the album is truly whole.  I'm suprised I remember the exact chronology, but this is how my loveaffair with 'Adore' blossomed.  Don't be suprised if it's one of your favorites not long after that last phase.        <br />I have to comment on the critical reception of this CD too.  It is beyond me why everyone felt the need to slag 'Adore' when it was released, as it is on a different planet when compared with anything else that came out that year.  The Smashing Pumpkins poured their collective souls into this, and I completely understand why they wigged out when everyone hated it.  This CD took a lot of balls to make after releasing something like Mellon Collie, and I love the Smashing Pumpkins for making it.  I always like thinking about how easily this CD could have never been released, and I am eternally grateful that it was allowed to see the light of day (or the dark of night, whichever you prefer).  <br />'Adore' is without a doubt THE definitive Smashing Pumpkins CD.  If you only own one, I believe it should be this one.  With its release, the Smashing Pumpkins became more than just an &quot;alternative band&quot;.  They became artists to the truest sense of the word, and in 10 years I hope it gets the recognition it so desperately deserves.  I do realize that a lot of the things I've said about this music probably sound exaggerated, as rock n' roll is hardly the place to discover life changing beauty.  In all honesty, I'm always quite suprised that I harbor such an intense love of it, but I never question it.  It's just damn good music.
068485015X|5.0|A Road Less Traveled helped me more than a year of therapy did. I'm so relieved that getting back on my feet is only a matter of a lot of finely focused hard work. I wish I had read this twelve years ago, as a very confused teenager, and am glad it came along as I'm going to be a parent.
B00004XQP4|5.0|I've been a fan of Green Day since 1999 when I first heard Nimrod. That was one of the best albums I've ever heard!!!!!!!!! I got the Warning CD in May,2001 and I could not stop listening to it. Here's how I rate the songs: 1. Warning- nice tune it was one of the more pop sounding songs on the album. Great Lyrics! 2. Blood,Sex and Booze- Great rock song, nice drums and great singing from Bille Joe and Mike Dirnt. 3. Church on Sunday- From the first line you can automatically tell what the song is about. Awesome sound! 4.Fashion Victim- Great song for anybody entering middle school or high school 5. Castaway- One of the best green day songs in a long time!!!!!!! This song keeps running through your head everytime you listen to it. 6.Misery- Alot different from anything on Warning mostly the lyrics and the sound. 7. Deadbeat Holiday- Great song to dance to and get's you going 8.Hold on- Hold on is okay there are more better songs then this 9.Jackass- An awesome song!!!!! The saxaphone really makes a difference 10.Waiting- The lyrics are okay Bille Joe sings great on his guitar solo! 11.Minority- The best song on the cd the lyrics are great. A great rock song 12. Macy's Day Parade- This song is the best ballad on the cd it makes me think of Good Riddance (Time of your life)<br />Over all this cd is a must buy for anybody who loves green day or who just became a green day fan! BUY WARNING TODAY!!!!!!!!!
0316776963|5.0|I am a Hard core Sedaris Fan. I have the books, the books read by author on tape and if the man is in New England, we travel to see him.<br />Like many others, NPR and Ira Glass were my first conduit into the world of Sedaris. My personal treat about this book is that I was able to see the Author doing a Public Radio support tour, where he was reading many stories from this still to be published at the time book. He tried out some different versions of these edited stories and made no bones about the fact that he was trying these out on us to gauge their effect.<br />His writing style is at times a bit uneven, but much more personal in this book than in the previous books. I did not find every story &quot;Laugh out loud&quot; funny, but I don't think that Sedaris has ever framed himself as a comedian.<br />He's just a guy who fights Obsessive Compulsive disorder who grew up in an odd American Family - likes bizarre knick knacks and happens to be a gay man, with a tremedous talent for crafting words and phrases. <br />Plus, once you hear his voice, you will never again read anything of his without hearing that reedy, oddly pitched voice humming away.
B00005B4GU|5.0|I read several reviews about this album.  One reviewer said it was a mistake for Radio head to have released the discards from Kid A.  I know that several other bands have this mistake, but Radiohead hasn't made the same one.<br />The music is definately Radiohead, and though there are less electronic instruments, this doesn't mean that the album is less electronically affected.<br />I went and bought Travis's new album yesterday and can't even listen to it after Amnesiac.  It seems like shallow pop fluff in comparison.
0385501560|4.0|the story of Victor and his unique life perspective is very interesting and very unheard of.  At times you could be wondering  why in the world is the author telling me this stuff because of the nature of Palahniuks words.  But it is a quick read and very worthwhile of reading.  Also i reccomend Survivor by Palahniuk also.  I hope my advice was useful, so long.
B00003CXD0|4.0|The cast, acting, and comedy in this film are great.  I've seen it six times, and plan to see it many more.  This is one of the best films of the 80's.  If you want a comedy with many laughs, and superior star power, buy this movie.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This is one of Metallicas best albums!!! Michael Kamen sowed together an orchrestra and rock band. Some people say that Metallica has sold out...If Metallica was still wearing high tops, jeans, and had long hair I wouldn't be writing this review right now. Metallica can't please everyone, if you don't like there new stuff don't listen to it, these guys don't need anymore money on record sales believe me. This album is amazing, it might be a little different than the 80's thrash metal but is still sweet.
B000002MP2|5.0|This is my second favourite Green Day cd, I think it has really good songs but you get sick of them after a while.  I think that Nimrod is a better album, actually its my favourite album ever.  But if you like good punk that is all screamer and actually has a good tune this cd is really good and you won't be dissapointed
0525945636|4.0|Code to Zero, while not nearly as powerful a novel as Pillars of the Earth, and not up to the standards of Key to Rebecca or Eye of the Needle, is a vast improvement over Hammer of Eden. The plot has several surprising twists and keeps the reader involved with the characters, wondering who are the good guys and who are the bad guys. Code to Zero also gives an interesting view of the cold war paranoia that existed during the late 1950's, especially as it related to the space program. Follett's views on mind controlling drugs and the state of 1950's psychological research are also fascinating. I recommend this as a quick and engaging read.
B00005LB9O|5.0|Travis have manged to produce another album that increases their standards.  The Invisible Band, was Travis's dificult album, but by the sound of it, it was easy to produce and they had great fun making it.  This album is more cheerful and fun lovin which is different to The Man Who.  My favourite tracks on this album are Sing(their most sucessfull single in the UK), Dear Diary, Last Train, Flowers In The Window and After glow.  Travis are excellent live and excellent on the stereo so if you havent had the chance to see them live then i recommend that you buy this album.
B000002VCW|5.0|A must have for the true music enthusiast and romantic, if you like a rock/jazz feel with compliments in form of spanish guitar, saxaphone and lyrics that are truly timeless and captivating. Unlike most British artists, Stewarts voice is unmistakingly British which adds so much intrigue and mystery to his lyrics that you feel as if you are flying while listening. \\"Year of the Cat\\", is the last and best cut, but serves as the ultimate compliment to the other masterful arrangements. \\"On the Border\\", another masterpiece is one you will most certainly find yourself playing over and over again. The remaining songs will satisfy even the most critical ear as Alan Parsons made sure in his production of this excellent addition to the \\"real music\\" lovers collection. Enough said. Enjoy!
6302787297|5.0|Great movie, no DVD in the USA yet. It's for sale on DVD in the UK, Denmark, France and Brazil. Now why not in the USA? I think that it deserves to be available on DVD in America. Mindless childrens movies get released on DVD here in USA and 1492 - Conquest Of Paradise can't even get released. What gives folks? Please put this movie on DVD here in the USA by Columbus day Hollywood, that's the least you could do for us movie fans. ....
B00003CXP1|5.0|I recently purchased Requiem for a Dream on DVD and was blown away...  all the originality and style of Pi (Darren Aronofsky's freshman effort) had been super-evolved to a state of near perfection.  This movie is simply beautiful to watch... incredibly striking and original camera effects.. wonderful split screens and amazing cuts.  This movie packs a visual knock out.<br />Beyond the sheer delight of how it is presented, the story is very complex and compelling... the 4 characters in which this movie centers on are all very well developed, each of their fates unfolding before you like some wicked nightmare.  Ellen Burstyn portrays her character (Sarah Goldfarb) with particular skill...  her fall into the depths of addiction is an amazingly interesting spiral.<br />Do not watch this movie and expect some uplifting message or moral resolution to all the depravity.  Requiem for a Dream presents you with all the horrors that humanity is capable of, and then walks away, leaving you to deal with it on your own.  It is extremely dark and jaded, but it is in that honesty that the movie becomes so powerful.<br />This is an incredible movie, and I don't think *any* DVD collection is complete without it.
0553579908|5.0|I was just dying for the sequel the moment i finished a Game of Thrones. I didn't know this would be even better!!! it is extremely well written and i was never bored for a second. It's hard to stand the suspense between chapters!! it's high paced, exiting action. the characters and setting are developed so well it's hard to beleive it's fantasy. the plot is nearly perfect; everything fits together and moves so fluently.i haven't read many fantasy books, but this is definitely the best of them all.
B00004T1HK|5.0|Britney Spears always comes out with something catchy! You can't help it but get up and dance! This album rocks!
B00005AXEL|3.0|I'm going to try and be fair here.  First let me say I really love some of Stevie Nicks prior work and while the die-hards may fall head over heels for this CD, that's why they call them die-hards.  I mean, if you're starving in the desert, somebody can throw you a cracker and it's conceivable it might taste like a four course meal.  When you haven't eaten a good, hot meal in a long, long time, what would normally taste just OK tastes like the best meal you've ever.  That being said, from the point of view of the average Stevie Nicks fans who like a lot of her work but don't think everything she does is gospel, this CD is ok I guess but I expected something more in line with Other Side of the Mirror and if you're expecting the same you might be let down by the small number of really exceptional tracks here.<br />Here are the songs I found I REALLY like on the CD that stand out:  Trouble in Shangri-La, Every Day and maybe Planet Of The Universe.  I highly recommend you preview this CD before buying it if you can.  Compared to Other Side of the Mirror this is sort of weak.  I found, like I said, two extremely strong MUSICAL tracks(lyrically it may be different but I'm into strong &amp; serious music, lyrics come second; music first).<br />I wish there would have been more tracks as strong as Trouble in Shangri-La and Every Day, both excellent.  Anyway, the die-hards may love it to death, and I *love* a lot of tracks on Other Side of the Mirror and Wild Heart(preferring Other Side to The Wild Heart, since pound for pound there are simply *more* of the good stuff on Other Side of the Mirror, not necessarily better), but this CD, if I had to compare, would probably (from a strength of songs standpoint) be as worthwhile as Wild Heart when you line up the worthwhile tracks side by side.<br />Let me say this, the songs that 'are' good on this CD are just as strong as anything she's ever written for the small number that there are.  To me, Planets of the Universe's chorus incorporates the same notes in the same configuration as Trouble in Shangri-La and Stand Back, but it's still different enough, I guess, to enjoy its own individuality.<br />I could go on and on about this CD, and I do indeed have plenty more to say about it but I'm limited to a thousand words so I can't, but I'll finish with this, if you LOVE Stevie Nicks and are a die-hard fan then you'll most likely fall all over this CD.  If you're an average fan who doesn't think everything she does is gospel but enjoys a lot of her work from the past and thinks much of it is really and truly very good for what it is, you're probably going to be let down by the lack of really strong material here due to expectations, although when she shines here she really, really shines.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|How can this movie be getting mixed reviews??  it is my new favorite movie of all time!!  this movie is sooooooooo incredibly amazing!!  Every single thing in this movie is wonderful!!  i hope that this movie will inspire other musicals to be made!! may i repeat... I LOVE THIS MOVIE!!!!
B000053VAF|1.0|I bought this due to the cast. I thought, Gee- with a cast like this, how bad can it be. Answer- awfully bad...terrible, in fact. I've heard so many people rave about this flick, I thought I had to check it out...I was wrong. Word to the wise, save your hard earned cash- buy something funny. <br />Linda Fiorentino- whom I adore, was awful. The problem isn't her acting, it's just that the dialogue is so poorly written that it seems to be a struggle for her to pull it off with any creditability or conviction. It's just too over the top. <br />The rest of the cast played their parts as ok as could be expected, especially considering the terrible lines. I just couldn't force myself to find this film funny- no matter how hip indie film lovers found it.<br />In sum, ridiculous story, strained dialogue and performances, and the humor was somewhat predictable- like Beavis and Butthead hijinks. Save your money.
B00005J9U1|5.0|I bought this album yesterday and have already listened to it three times. if you like Bob Marley, you will love this album.
B00000INEX|2.0|I received this video as a gift for my son at birth and was grossly disappointed.  The quality of the video was such that I could've taken my own camera and videod his toys to music.   I suppose I was expecting more...I'll try Baby Mozart.
B000002NJS|5.0|This cd is the best cd she has had in a long time. Every song is very well done.  I really loved this cd very much.  It is a must for all Madonna fans.
B00005B4GU|1.0|Yes, Radiohead, you did it, you actually made a worse album than Kid A! After listening to Kid A for a long time, I was sure it would be years before another well-established group of musicians would be able to put out a bigger piece of ... than Kid A. Ohhhh how wrong I was. Here it is 6 months later and Radiohead themselves are the ones to put out that bomb. Alas Radiohead, you didn't get a penny of my money this time. I DOWNLOADED your entire cd as I do with most cds before I buy them, but I will not be purchasing Amnesiac.
B00003CXN4|5.0|That Gladiator won best picture instead of this masterpiece is a disservice to movies. Traffic was clearly better. The academy is very confusing at times (I don't agree with the nominations of Chocolat and Erin Brockovich either). If I had a choice the nominees for best picture of 2000 would have been:<br />Almost Famous, ,Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon ,Shadow of the Vampire ,Sunshine ,Traffic - Winner<br />(with special mention to Wonder Boys)
0385501560|5.0|This is the book of the decade (so far). Chuck has a great grasp on satire and his writing has gotten better since Fight Club (not that it was bad in the first place). He takes on the taboo of Motherhood And Child (aka Madonna And Child) and puts a contemporary stamp on it. His writing may seem a bit misogynistic for the confused few, but he goes to that extreme to illustrate his point.<br />See also: Bret Easton Ellis.<br />&quot;Masterpiece&quot; isn't the right word, but it's the first word that comes to mind.
6300214044|5.0|David Lynch's cosmic black and white film of the life of John Merrick is a rewarding movie experience. Quite touching without being sensational it extracts dynamic performances from John Hurt, Anthony Hopkins and Anne Bancroft. Director David Lynch has somehow combined the grimy grey bleakness of old London with the bright hope of a better tomorrow. Black and white indeed. Some scenes, like the elephant man's memory of his mother, and the doctor's first examination of him are so moving they pain until tears swell in your eyes.
0385501560|5.0|This is the book of the decade (so far). Chuck has a great grasp on satire and his writing has gotten better since Fight Club (not that it was bad in the first place). He takes on the taboo of Motherhood And Child (aka Madonna And Child) and puts a contemporary stamp on it. His writing may seem a bit misogynistic for the confused few, but he goes to that extreme to illustrate his point.<br />See also: Bret Easton Ellis.<br />&quot;Masterpiece&quot; isn't the right word, but it's the first word that comes to mind.
B00000I661|1.0|Sellouts. The Garage Days Ep was the bestest. What is this crap and why isn't Lars under a bus somewhere? That would be great if one day they decided to be cool again. I doubt it will ever happen. Too much money in being pansies.<br />OUT
0451191153|5.0|after finishing my M.A in Political Science and reading philosophycal essays by renowned Men (and Women) of wisdom from Plato to Rolles, from Checov to Kafka, I have never met such a well written, profound challenge to my point of view over a wide array of issues both on a global level and a personal one. The Main character, Ruark, is an unprecedented both in the character bulidup (amazing writing) and the encounters follwed by relationship he has with many of the other characters in the book. Moreover, he is THE symbol of individualism and makes you think twice of the negative manner withwhich the word &quot;selfish&quot; is often viewd by. In conclusion, the questions aroused by this  brilliant novel are to be taken seriosly. Hence, read the book carefully and pay attention to every detail. I promise that if you'll do so, your name will be on the site as one of this books finest critiques, as it happened to me. P.S, this &quot;nutshell&quot; review can not even begin to describe the immense power of the Novel
B000002KHF|5.0|After the otherworldlyness of Astral Weeks, Van cut an album of singalongable sing-songs, tighter arrangements, and a concise peppy band...  Here it is, Moondance.  <br />Better than most albums, and it's Van's most accessible easy-listening album of excellent songs.
B00005K3OT|5.0|Chocolat is set in a small town in Framce, where Juliette Binoche plays Vianne and her little girl, Anouk transforms the convention upon opening their confectionary shop that threatens the local mayor (played by Alfred Molina) and his rigid hold on propriety. The movie, directed by Lasse Hallstrom falls no short of magical charm - and plays it well sublimely with a great supporting ensemble like Judi Dench, Carrie Anne Moss and Johnny depp as Roux, her love interest to branch the subplots that made the movie a tantalizing delight.<br />It is the acting that shines, Binoche plays Vianne with a subtle charm and resilience that illuminates alongside with Lena Olin as a battered wife. Judi Dench spices the screem with wit and hard emotions and Alfred Molina is aptly casted as the mayor with the prim and proper decorum. Chocolat is simple as a story that dissects the quandry between temptations and morality, and a lighthearted note on human emotions. Forgivance is seen in the mother and daughter feud, hope when Vianne sees Josephine (Lena Olin) as a friend. It is all heartwarming and yet the correct amount of saccharine to make this movie a delight. Not forgetting the passionate Johnny Depp as her love interest, yes  predictible though it may be, Chocolat is indubitably spellbinding with charms.
B000003N7G|5.0|I came up on rock, and only became interested in &quot;A Love Supreme&quot; when I heard it mentioned twice on U2's album, &quot;Rattle and Hum&quot;.  I listened to a little bit of &quot;Acknowledgement&quot; and was definitely curious.  I went to Borders and bought the CD a few days later and was blown away.  I have often heard the phrase &quot;speaking through his instrument,&quot; but this is the first time I can honestly believe it.  Coltrane's sound really does sound quite a bit like speaking.  I am able to follow it up and down as though it is engaged in some lyrical conversation with itself and the rhythym section, which is also very effective.  This CD gave me an appreciation of Jazz, and I highly recommend it to any listener.
B000007U6W|5.0|...is among the most brilliant moments in electronic music. aside from the music which needs no qualifying, i am amazed at the production quality here. i always use the last 6 minutes of &quot;autobahn&quot; to test how a new pair of speakers, amplifier, speaker cables, cd player, etc sound with old analog synthesizers. a crappy stereo system does no justice to this recording. these nerds were wayyyyyy beyond ahead of their time.
B00005K3LU|5.0|It's about time this movie is done justice with an anamorphic-format release! Never heard of &quot;Five Star Collection&quot; series, but from reviewing the specs on this DVD, it sure looks loaded with tons of bonus features - just too cool.<br />Can't wait till I get my hands on this DVD version on July 10th. Now, if only Armageddon gets released on anamorphic format, I'll be happy as a lark.
B00000J6AG|1.0|i don't have this cd, but it was playing everywhere between mid-1999 and early 2001 - in stores, on tv, at work.....<BR>this is just &quot;pretty&quot; music that takes itself way too seriously. it's nothing original either.
B00005B4GU|1.0|The disc is almost unlistenable.  I was very disappointed.  My two and a half year old son and I had to get in the van and go to the camper and I played the disc for the first time.  It is not even music and I dont no when I would even play it.  Not around friends,  not around the wife,  and my two year old made it clear not around him again.  Get the picture.<br />  I dont understand any review over one star.  Radiohead says they do not want to be pigeon holed into the &quot;O.K. Computer&quot; band.  That is fine with me.  But where are the melodies and lyrics?  I wanted something I could sink my teeth into.  After repeated listenings,  I still want to burst out laughing it is so bad.  Unfortunately, you have to buy it to get the full disappointment.  Look what &quot;Zooropa&quot; did for the four lads from Irelands career.  I will exercise more caution on the next release.
B000002GYI|5.0|...it plays a little melody&quot;!!! i can't help, but not love a german dood who would say such a thing; let alone say it 20 years ago. absolutely brilliant! no one has made synthesizer string sounds as beautiful as on the title track. the best kraftwerk album. even today, it sounds sooooo fresh.
B00003CXFG|4.0|The horror genre was thought to have died a well deserved death. The Freddy and Jason movies had driven the genre into the ground and present horrow films have been very lackluster. Pitch Black and Final Destination have been brought respect back to the genre. Pitch Black is an amazing film. It is more than just an Alien-CLone. The movie has a very smart script and dialogue. The characters are not cardboard creations. They are real people with emotions and fears. The creatures are scary, but it is the people and their secrets that make this film truly frightning. Vin Diesel is fantastic as Riddick. HE MAKES THE MOVIE COME ALIVE AND IS A MENACING CHARACTER. Nevertheless, Riddick is not what he seams, as are many of the characters. I highly recomend  Pitch Black. It is a wonderful suprise and brings life back the horror genre.
B000002TQV|5.0|This cd has spirit!  It takes you on a mental journey like only a few other albums can do.  If you like a &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot; journey through your mind get the cd immediately!  As far as pure creative genius, Thom Yorke is at the top of the heap.  Others can show genius for a song or two, but Thom can pull it off for a whole cd!  OK Computer might be a little better but both of these are better than Radiohead's later efforts, Kid A and Amnesiac, in my opinion.  So far I just can't follow Thom in the direction he's gone after OK Computer, although the critics and many fans don't seem to have this problem.  Anyway, you owe it to yourself to get The Bends and OK Computer, there really hasn't been anything in the last twenty years that competes with these two albums.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|This is a great CD, so glad to have it available, after seeing the movie, I wanted it right away. Ewan McGregor is the real star, I had no idea he would be able to sing, usually when you see a movie like this, it's all lip synched, like Michael Pare in &quot;Eddie and the Cruisers,&quot; but this is so great because of the real people singing their own lyrics. IT TOTALLY ROCKS! I know that a lot of people will be looking at this soundtrack because of &quot;Lady Marmalade,&quot; but it is only one of the many songs on here, and I like the other ones even better! A MUST BUY! Another great soundtrack is the &quot;Strictly Ballroom&quot; CD from that movie, by the same director. If you haven't seen the movie, rent or buy it today.
B00000IPAX|2.0|I'm going to try not to completely dis this CD.  I gave it two stars because I really enjoyed Adam's Song...but...that was it.  Like my title says, this CD was absolute trash.  The lyrics are awful, guitar amazingly easy and bad,and most of the chorus' are boring.  All this band is trying to do is please the majority of people out there, which I'm not happy to admit like pop.<br />This band needs to try harder.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|This is a great CD, so glad to have it available, after seeing the movie, I wanted it right away. Ewan McGregor is the real star, I had no idea he would be able to sing, usually when you see a movie like this, it's all lip synched, like Michael Pare in &quot;Eddie and the Cruisers,&quot; but this is so great because of the real people singing their own lyrics. IT TOTALLY ROCKS! I know that a lot of people will be looking at this soundtrack because of &quot;Lady Marmalade,&quot; but it is only one of the many songs on here, and I like the other ones even better! A MUST BUY! Another great soundtrack is the &quot;Strictly Ballroom&quot; CD from that movie, by the same director. If you haven't seen the movie, rent or buy it today.
B000002UEB|5.0|This band has achieved it's zenith with this album, no one has been able to even approach their excellence. Following Rage For Order, another great, this album mixes classic 80's hair band heavy metal with dark erie depression. Very saddening but excellent at the same time. I can't say enough about this album.
B00005B36H|5.0|I have been a devoted Tool fan ever since I first bought Aenima when it was released in 10/96.  From there I discovered Opiate and Undertow and became, on my music-listening level, totally consumed by these guys.  I waited patiently for 4 1/2 years for Lateralus to be released.  Tool is a band who refuse to conform.  They prove this in Lateralus.  It is a work of art.  Like each of their albums before, this one is different from the last, by taking different twists and turns that they have never done before.  The first single released to radio, &quot;Schism&quot;, is almost 7 minutes long, and they leave nothing out.  Tool is famous for keeping their sound interesting, not annoying, in any song, all the way to the end.  Track 11, &quot;Reflection&quot; is 11 minutes of mesmerizing drumming and middle-eastern influences, which leads into track 12, &quot;Triad&quot; which is an instrumental that simply put, kicks butt.  For those like myself who are open-minded devoted Tool fans, you will not be disappointed.
B000UJ48UO|5.0|The Film    War is hell.  War is Violence.  While a Hell can be personal,  vIolence comes in many forms and they all live within Full Metal Jacket.  The opening of Full Metal Jacket alone, is a torrent of violent epithets the likes that have never been since before or since.  There is the quiet violence buried behind Private Pyle's glazed eyes that guide the early story.  Finally there is the violence that claims Pyle, Hartman, 8Ball, Dock Jay and Eight Ball.  But that is what we expect and that is what we get in all these \\"war\\" movies.  While the film's stoic vision through the Vietnam carries it's own weight of originality,  it is that gatling gun soliloquy of R. Lee Ermy's Sergeant Hartman that leaves the viewer as one of the most brilliant, memorable, and totally original sequences in all of film.  I simply cannot say enough of the Paris Island section of Full Metal Jacket and though I could recount the rest of the film, I don't see the point.  And where was R. Lee Ermy's Oscar?  Biggest crime of the 20th century.    Full Metal Jacket is not necessarily a film deserving of comparison to Platoon or Apocalypse now, the obvious brethren in Vietnam cinema.  Apocalypse Now is a supreme and monster size experimental film, it is an artists muse.  Platoon is a deeply personal memoir by Oliver Stone with some greek drama thrown in.  Full Metal Jacket is another animal altogether.  The movie at large fails to match the early impact of Paris Island, and how could it?  Full Metal Jacket is neither a colorful canvas like Apocalypse, nor a soldier's account of Vietnam we see in Platoon.  I would argue that to even call Full Metal Jacket a war film misses the point entirely.  No, there is but one genre we can classify this great film as.  Full Metal Jacket is one of the very precious films to be classified as a Kubrick film.  There are few honors higher than that.        The Blu-Ray    This one looks clean, with clean and consistent grain if a bit soft.  I would say there doesseem to be a very tiny amount of noise reduction but the impact of Kubrick's vision here is to rely on ambient sources and not heavy contrasts or direct sources.  The cinematography is simply and direct.  And with a story like this, that's the only way to shoot it.    The Film:  A-  The Blu Ray:  B
B0000524CY|4.0|This movie is great.... and this new edittion really deserves to be buy, but in the box they announce spanish and portuguese subtitles, but when I saw it, it only had english and french subtitles. This is a big flaw for a big company like Warner, they should be more careful with the extras they announce. Well, about the movie: If you expect to see a lot of cool scary extras, you'll be dissapointed, there are a few scary ones (new ones), but the sound is really what impressed me, in some scenes the 5.1 really shocks you.... it's really scary.
B000055Y0X|5.0|There are many movies that I would consider funny.  I think movies like Caddyshack, Tommy Boy, and Animal House are funny.  This movie is also funny, but in a different way.  This movie has the comedic elements of the other films, but because it is a Kubrick movie it adds a touch of sophistication.  It offers many memorable performances.  Peter Sellars is great - three times.  George C. Scott proves he can do it all.  Slim Pickens offers up one of the most memorable scenes of all-time.  This is something that has been mimicked many times.  Best of all by the Simpsons, but I won't get into that.  Scott portrays the military general with great gusto, and proves his comedic genious.  He does physical humor, he shows his great timing, and also delivers many great lines.  My favorite is the one about the &quot;big board.&quot;  This is a great movie for many different reasons. It is great to look back at a time in America's history in which there wasn't a lot to laugh at, and get to see in some small way how foolish it all really was.  I recommend everyone to see it.
B00003CWTI|5.0|THIS IS THE GREATEST MOVIE I LOVED IT MORE THAN TITANIC.THIS HAS GOT IT ALL COMEDY(NOT TOO MUCH THOUGH),DRAMA,ROMANCE,SATIRE I LOVE THIS MOVIE THIS IS THE FILM TO SEE.IT DOESN'T DRAG FOR A MINUTE.THIS IS THE BEST MOVIE EVER.&quot;TWO THUMBS UP!&quot;A+++++++++++++++++++++++.ALL THE WAY.
B00003CXP1|5.0|Some reviews I have read about &quot;Requiem&quot; stated that the film had nothing to say, did not add to the dialogue about drugs or drug films, and served merely as a cautionary tale about how drugs are bad.  I completely disagree with these ideas.  I felt that the heart of this film is very socially concious.  It examines a culture where drug addicts are put in prision while drugs are handed out like candy on Halloween to solve even the smallest problems.  This film seemed less about the evils of addiction then about the evils of our cultures hypocritical attitude towards drugs and drug addicts.  More thought provoking than, say, Trainspotting, but not for the weak of heart or mind.
B00003CWTI|5.0|THIS IS THE GREATEST MOVIE I LOVED IT MORE THAN TITANIC.THIS HAS GOT IT ALL COMEDY(NOT TOO MUCH THOUGH),DRAMA,ROMANCE,SATIRE I LOVE THIS MOVIE THIS IS THE FILM TO SEE.IT DOESN'T DRAG FOR A MINUTE.
B00003CXRM|4.0|A terrific, but extremely weird movie.  Only the Coen brothers could conceive of re-staging Homer's Odyssey in the deep south (complete with a couple of foxy Sirens and John Goodman as an evangelical Cyclops), mixing it up with with a gang of pea-brained runaway criminals, the legend of Robert Johnson, some cross-burning, a weird guy with a dog, a local election and a totally impromptu - not to mention utterly gratuitous - cow-poke country song performance, which the whole film then proceeds to snag itself upon - or congeal around really - and still come up with a thorougly delightful picture. George Clooney isn't even slightly irritating, and the Soggy Bottom Boys' &quot;Man of Constant Sorrow&quot; has made instant bluegrass fans out of more people I know than probability would dictate.
1878424114|1.0|Mr. Chopra's book is a cynical blending of psychobabble, circular logic, and insidious social Darwinism designed to bewilder the gullible into believing that they have accomplished something besides make Mr. Chopra more successful.  I would suggest that these people stop gazing at their own navels and try doing some good for others in this stinking world full of &quot;spiritual&quot; predators who encourage people's worst tendencies in order to enrich themselves.  If I could give this book the star-rating it deserves, i would give it thirty-five black holes!
B000002868|5.0|This is a great album, beautiful and thoughtful. It does not have the rocking or funky elements of later Weather Report. It is a brilliant achievement and rewards intense and repeated listening.
B00005B6C9|5.0|I heard several songs from this CD on &quot;Live by Request&quot; and loved what I heard.  I bought the CD soon after it came out; it is one of the CDs I have with me at all times.  Highly recommend it.
B00004Z459|2.0|When I first put this CD in, it sounded like it was going to be a great album.  But as the songs go by, it starts to get very annoying.  The guitar and lead singer combination is great, but  the horrible (should I say) &quot;pseudo-rap&quot; mixed in just ruins it.  It is really sad.  I mean these guys have what it takes to be a great band, but the rapping makes Kid Rock look like the Master (and might I say, Kid Rock is about the lamest rapper out there).  Good rapping is very difficult, and these guys sound more like they're talking.  There is no groove or feel to the rap they do on this album.  If they were smart, they'd drop it and stick to the melodic hard rock that they're more than capable of producing.
B00003CXA2|5.0|The great quality about Drama is that it tends to incorporate all other genres of film (i.e. comedy, romance, action/adventure, etc).  Forrest Gump does this seemlessly, drawing upon simple humor, heroic heart, romance, as well as being able to tie in many different phases of life in which we all must pass through.  Phases like a first love, a first day at school, and death.  Forrest Gump maintains itself as a timepiece, or marker, showing all the turbulence of he 60s and 70s through his eyes, which remain innocent even as he ages and lives through war and heart ache.  That innocence is what helps draw the audience in and captures each and everyone's heart. I have yet to meet anyone with a negetive word to say about this film.  If everyone carried a piece of Forrest in them, the world would bea much better place.
B000002ORU|5.0|My brother gave me this box set for Christmas this past year, and it made me really start loving music. After listening to just one CD, I knew that The Who were going to be my favorite band. The box set rocked so hard. After listening to it, there is no doubt in my mind that The Who were the most exciting rock n' roll band with four members that seem very different, but combine with the best chemistry in their songs. They even have a great name for a band. I STRONGLY recommend this box set to anyone and everyone who is a true music lover.
B00003CXE7|1.0|<br />This is, without doubt, one of the worst films I've seen in a loooooooooooong time.  A sad reminder that even the best directors can have an off-day - and another, and another, and ...<br /><br />The action opens with a battle scene, filmed in the woods near Farnham in Surrey, England, which is so wrapped in gloom and haze that it tells us precisely nothing other than that the Romans had a more advanced armoury than their Germanic foe.<br /><br />Anyway, lots of noise and fire - looks like a good old-fashioned epic, right?<BR> Wrong!<br /><br />To cut a long story short, there's a really hunky good guy - whose main problem is that he can't speak clearly, so most of the time we don't know what on earth he's talking about.  But I suspect this doesn't really matter, because even when he does stop mumbling he never says much of any interest anyway.<BR> Then there's a bad guy, and he's a patricidal creep of the first water who, amongst other things, has the good guy's family killed - so you can't wait for him to get what's coming to him.  Only you do have to wait - for ages, and ages.<br /><br />Oh yes, there's also a heroine - but this is a real &quot;mano a mano&quot;-type film, so she never gets to be anything more than incidental set dressing.<br /><br />Now, you're never going to guess how it all turns out.<BR> The good guy kills the bad guy.  But the good guy dies as well, so he can rejoin his family in the great bye and bye.  Then the film ends.<BR> Bet that surprised you, didn't it!<br /><br />Actually there is one highlight in the film - Oliver Reed, proving what a very talented actor he was when in the right mood.<BR> Even so, that Ridley Scott felt it worthwhile to drag this pretentious drivel out to nearly two and a half hours simply beggars belief.<br /><br />Tip 1: Always be wary of a film where the scriptwriter is also one of the producers.<br /><br />Tip 2: If this film is so great, how come people are queueing up to sell their copy?
0060234814|5.0|this book is such a wonderful story.  I remember when i first saw the movie when i was 7.  That movie enchanted me.  I searched for the movie everywhere but i found the book instead.  And it was wonderful. After this book i read the whole series.  I still love the chronicles of Narnia till this day.  It is a wonderful, exciting, magical adventure all the way through. It does tend to have a christian-like thing to it at the end of the series.  But it also has all these interesting mythical creatures.  A wonderful fantasy book. I would recommend it to all children and adults.
B000002JNJ|4.0|THis is sheer metal. If the singer in this band was other than Anselmo, than it would be plain perfect !!! Anyway, even with Anselmo on board, this album is astonishing, a fantastic display of metal musicianship. One cannot believe PANTERA was into glam ( blergh!) someday...
B00000J6AG|2.0|Initial I loved this CD, but it didn't last. Soon the tracks started to grate and seem just a to predictable and calculated. Maybe I'm being unfair, I am comparing to Leftfields Leftism, which still sounds original and fresh 6 years on. Compared to them Moby is twiddling in the sandpit.
6302038308|4.0|A true gem, fun to watch. Bruce Campbell's performance is simply astonishing here, nearing perfection !! It's a shame his career didn't develop better after this and ARMY OF DARKNESS. As for the history, plain of fun and great technical qualities for the director.
0790729628|4.0|Unlike the countless films which have adopted this film's look and feel, Blade Runner was crafted with more tension and more dark human nature than any other sci-fi film could even attempt.  Director Ridley Scott creates a vision of Los Angeles, circa 2020, which is one of the most original and memorable future worlds ever put to celluloid.  Unimaginable skyscrapers tower over streets that are clotted with humanity; around the skirts of the billion-dollar towers, the city at ground level looks like a third-world bazaar.  Amidst this backdrop, a quiet masterpiece unfolds casting Harrison Ford as a blade runner -- a cop assigned to track down and kill &quot;replicants,&quot; who are artificial humans, built through genetic engineering.  After an uprising on an outworld, six replicants have returned secretly to Earth, where their deaths have been ordered by the Tyrell Corporation.  Ford ends up falling in love with Racheal, played by Sean Young, in probably her best performance ever, a beautiful replicant, who just wants to live the life she believes she's been given.  Director Scott never allows too much sympathy or emotion to arise in this steel-and-microchip 21st Century Los Angeles but rather allows the viewer to make up their minds about how strong their compassion is without being led on.  The bleak rain-slick streets that Ford walks on, though seemingly far-removed from our own, are, in reality, the exact same streets that we ourselves walk on.  And the corrupt and dehumanized state of the totalitarian law isn't so far removed from our own questionable ethics and justice system.  It poses several questions: Is it a crime to want to be human?  Is it moral to play God and give and take life as we please?  These all seem to be racing through Ford's mind as the film goes on, and his icy and distant demeanor is exactly what the role calls for.  He is, in essence, the prototypical cold and disillusioned lead character, whose conscience over what he knows he must do torments him throughout the film.  While this version does seem to be somewhat overwrought with self-indulgence (as is the case in most director's cuts), and while the abscence of the original narration makes it somewhat confusing, especially to a firsttime viewer, this is still a masterpiece.  Truly a landmark of science fiction as well as modern film noir.  The movie's Los Angeles, with its permanent dark cloud of smog, its billboards hundreds of feet high, its street poverty living side by side with incredible wealth, is so prophetic it's frightening.  Without a doubt one of the best sci-fi films of the '80s, and a must-have for fans of Harrison Ford and director Ridley Scott.
0195073401|1.0|Some of the positives reviews of this book are correct on one point: you don't need undergraduate economics to understand the book. Of course, one can further say that no knowledge of economics at all is necessary to understand this book. But then what is this book about?<br />Economics is usually defined as &quot;the study of how scarce resources are allocated between competing ends.&quot; But, this is not what this book or even what modern day economics is about. This book/modern economics is really an exercise in mathematical gymnastics. You will learn what economists do, but gain no insight into how the economy works (ie. what actions people on the planet earth do in order to maximize their well being)<br />What you will learn is that economics is a junk science. Take one of &quot;fundemental assumptions&quot; of microeconomics theory: preferences are complete. Completes means that a person knows the satisfaction s/he receives from every single bundle of goods available and will be available in the future. Introspection quickly reveals that this assumption is false, nobody has such knowledge of the world around them. In a real science a hypothesis/assumption that is proved to be false is discarded. In economics this does not occur. Why? Because they need the assumption to do the math. A preference relation needs to be complete in order to be represented by a utility function (ie. no completeness=no ability to solve constrained optimization problems).<br />And why is this math used? The math is used, via the social planner proposition, to show how resources SHOULD be allocated between competing ends, but then that's not what economics is supposed to be about, right? If anybody can prove me wrong I would welcome it, for I have completely lost my faith in the economics discipline.
0930289528|5.0|I found From Hell, long boring conveluted and dull.<br />I found Watchmen so-so, obviously important but not so enjoyable these days.<br />I found V for Vendetta brilliant.  It's simplicity is it's key.  The simplicity of it's tale, the power of it's message.  Even one heavy handed Deus Ex Machina element of the plot didn't spoil it for me.  A must buy of comic readers every where.
0767802659|3.0|Paul Verhoeven makes thrillers that are insidiously entertaining, they smash you in the face with their nervy visuals and often silly dialog.  This movie is no exception; however, it also boasts a mesmerizing parallel to the recruitment films used in Nazi Germany.  It has that austere, spare, let's go to war for all the right reasons feel to it. The cast is impossibly gorgeous and cut, much like Hitler youth as fashionable teens in outer space.  The special effects are nerve-jangling and robust; this is a grade-B movie with some high gloss.  For the best Paul Verhoeven film ever, see if you can find The Fourth Man, which is in Dutch -- it has the same wildly concocted imagination as this sci-fi thriller, but it also has brains.
B00004RYZT|5.0|It's about 1 hour and 2mins long with a 15min interview with the band about themselves, their music, life, and some Q&amp;A.  All the songs got harder riffs than the records themselves so it's great.  Lots of pryrotics and lots of stage presence.  3 songs with mulity angles, it's a automatic system.
0767817478|5.0|Very enjoyable, great visual effects. Not a brilliant premise, but then again it wouldn't be the first Gozilla movie not to make much sense.
B00003CXRP|4.0|Cast Away, with Tom Hanks and Helen Hunt, is a good movie.  It has a little something for everyone.  If you like movies with action, you'll love the plane crash and when Tom Hanks tries to escape the island on the raft.  If you like suspense, you're in for it the whole movie!  If you like drama, the beginning and the end sequences you'll love.  Cast Away is a movie for everyone.  The DVD is awesome!  There are quite a fre documentaries/featurettes and special effects vignettes.  Also included are the Trailers and TV Spots, and more!  DTS sound is also included.  This is a packed DVD, and a great movie, and should be in every DVD collection.
B0000072VM|5.0|Premiata was the first italian band tha join the progresive rock movement. I think that &quot;Per un amico&quot; is their best album. It goes from clasic sound (appena un po) to jazz style (generale). All songs have the italian rock mark. Really, this is one of the greatest albums you can listen to.
6304712499|4.0|Spawn is based on the popular comic book and to tell you the truth, the plot of the movie doesn't really make sense.  Otherwise, if you're not looking for a plot and just some eye candy, Spawn is for you.  The DVD is only available in the rated R director's cut version (which I don't think should be rated R anyway).  The atmosphere is dark, the effects are eyepopping, and you won't care much about a plot with effects and humor in the movie.
B00005B7CK|5.0|Three prisoners escape from a Mississippi chain gang and hurry toward a buried treasure. They must reach the treasure before a dam is completed and the treasure further buried beneath a man-made lake. Thus begins an episodic quest in which the trio confronts numerous odd and interesting characters and situations before they find a treasure more valuable than the millions they seek. The Cyclops, the Sirens, the fight with Penelope's suitors: all these adventures and more from the Oddyssey are recreated in offbeat style. The songs and music are dead on, and the movie's evocation of the rural South is realistic and idyllic at the same time. One scene where a speaker truck drove the backroads blaring out country music and political solicitations struck home to me. Riding as a child in just such a truck is my earliest remembrance of Southern politics.<br />Graphic violence, graphic sex, surreal computer generated special effects, potty mouth dialog, heavy-handed messages on &quot;politically correct&quot; issues, commercials interwoven into the plot. A little of the foregoing can be tolerated, but in much of modern moviedom these features overpower the plot. &quot;O Brother&quot; is definitely out of step with the trends of modern film making. I understand that the critics trashed this movie. The critics cannot have been raised in the rural South.
6302799066|5.0|After the travesty to film that is 2001, I was uneasy about Kubrick's other movies. However, I was willing to give this one a chance because it had the late, great Peter Sellers. Now I know that Kubrick actually made at least one good film! Sellers is amazing in three roles that could not be more different from each other. It is well deserved in its position as the greatest black comedy ever made, unlike some other Kubrick films I could mention cough...2001.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|Since the majority of the reviews here are saying over and over what the story is about, I won't go into that, since you probably already know by know what it's about. So I'll just talk about whether the movie was worth it or not. This is by far the best movie of 2001. Moulin Rouge has some of the freshest-looking visuals to appear on the big screen in ages. If you love musicals you absolutely MUST see this movie on the big screen at all costs! Ewan McGregor and Nicole Kidman have amazing chemistry onscreen, and they both do an excellent job with the singing, with Ewan stealing the movie with his singing voice. Thankfully the soundtrack has all the songs they sang in the movie, and really is the only reason to buy the cd, NOT for the song Lady Marmalade, which is very over-rated, with a horrible video to go with it. Getting back to the movie, it's definitely one that requires at least two viewings, since the first fifteen minutes come at you so quickly that it's almost too much to take in at one viewing. Watching this movie is defintely like a sugar/caffeine high, and equally as sweet. Nicole Kidman has never looked better, and Ewan McGregor was brilliantly cast as the romantic realist. You can't help but become totally absorbed in both these characters and become swept away with the uncomplicated but classic story of how powerful and all-consuming love can be. The fact that Baz Lurhman chose to take pop music songs from the 70s to the 90s and have them sung as if they were showtunes was a stroke of genius, and only shows the imagination and creativity put into this production. All of the songs totally work, and help propel the movie along, instead of just being background songs for a soundtrack cd.  They just don't make movie musicals like this anymore. Anyone who hates this movie is not a TRUE movie lover.
6304432488|5.0|In the thrid installment of the Die Hard series, we finally get to see McLane on his home turf. It takes a much different approach than the first two. This time, McClane is not physically limited but chronogically limited. Actually, expanding the area he has to go through makes the film more exciting, since there is always the chance he won't make it to the next challenge in time. You actually wonder if he can succeed at the tasks presented to him, since he doesn't succeed every time. Also, the film works more on suspense than the fistfights and gunplay of the first two. Don't get me wrong, all the films are great. Also, if you have the stamina they make one heck of a triple feature!
B00003CXN4|3.0|infinitely superior.  For the most part the series was better acted and the charactizations were more sharply defined and developed.  The motivation was presented with greater logic and the locales were more interesting.  Having said that, however, I still enjoyed the film under discussion and would actually rate it at 3 1/2 stars.  Zeta-Jones' sudden transformation from ordinary housewife to tough, manipulative avenger was just too unbelievable.  That's one of the examples of<br />&quot;motivation&quot; that I meant earlier.  Still, a decent effort.
B000002HPV|5.0|I've recently been listening to downloads of Bjork's Vespertine and I have to tell you folks. Fill up on Homogenic, overdose on Post, down your Debut, and even archive your Telegram for these four records are the last of her musical inspiration you might see for a long while.  You see, while Bjork is obviously talented she has gotten offtrack.  Her new songs are unfocused pieces of self-indulgence.  So revel in All Is Full Of Love and All Neon Like, and Joga for these are the showings of a true artist!
0064407667|5.0|I don't have too much to say, but I recomend this book for just about any one. An interestig twist between mystory, mysory and humor told by a hilarious auther (Lemony snicket.) This book is a wonderful read and a great way to learn new words.
B00004YW6I|2.0|I honestly don't know what has happenned to PJ since the release of Is This Desire?.  That brilliant album showed off her musical and storytelling abilites at their peak.  However with this release, PJ seems content with now dusting off and rehashing Sheryl Crow's outtakes and making an album out of them.  This must be the most bland piece of recorded music I have ever heard.  There is not an inch of feeling or originality in any of these tunes.  It not as if happiness or security has forced her into the artistic dolldrums.  Joni Mitchell's Court and Spark showed that artist reveling in her new found romance with tunefullness and emotion.  I hope PJ finds some new inspiration and gets back on the road as an inspired artist.  I honestly can't believe all the five star reviews for this piece of ...  I mean this record is like a female vocalist fronting some Matchbox 20/Green Day Hybrid.  I give this record 1.5 stars for the minimally stirring A Place Called Home and We Float.  A monumental dissappointment.
0064407667|5.0|I don't have too much to say, but I recomend this book for just about any one. An interestig twist between mistory, mysory and humor told by a hilarious auther (Lemony snicket.) This book is a wonderful read and a great way to learn new words.
B000001GKC|4.0|Karajan's last recording is one of his best latter-day discs. Recorded with the Vienna Philharmonic after his celebrated bustup with the BPO, it's an elegant yet often revealing reading of a work he considered one of his favourites. While Karajan could sometimes descend into mere slickness (particularly in his last decade), that's not the case here, and there's an air of intensity, particularly in the last two movements. The VPO plays with all their usual well-oiled precision. If you want intense spiritual struggle in your Bruckner symphonies, stick to Gunter Wand or Furtwangler; but if you want a spacious, highly intelligent yet unneurotic reading, try this.
B000002504|5.0|One of the greatest progressive rock bands of all time, Gentle Giant delivered album after album of tight, intelligent and stimulating music, filled with stunning musicianship and  intricate rhythms -- and boy, could they rock!  I consider this effort, originally issued in 1973, to be one of their best.<br />For some unknown reason (Look out!  The marketing monster again rears its ugly head...!) Columbia chose to replace the beautiful gatefold painting by Roger Dean with this one, depicting an octopus -- apparently dead and pickled -- floating, preserved, in a jar for viewing.  The original lp sleeve was cut to match the jar's shape (which had to make it more expensive to produce), most likely in an attempt to grab the consumer's attention.  Hey guys, how about letting the music do that?  Hello!!<br />I was fortunate enough to hear this band live on 3-4 different occasions, starting in 1973, when the opened a show in Oklahoma City for the newly-reformed King Crimson.  Much of their material that night came from this album.  My friends and I had heard of them, but had never experienced any of their music before -- we were completely unprepared for the sonic onslaught that was laid out for the crowd that night.<br />Using fairly standard rock instrumentation as their foundation (vocals, guitar, bass, keyboards, drums), Gentle Giant drew upon the immense talents and backgrounds of its various members to add  components to their sound that other bands could only manage through recording tricks or guests in the studio.  Cello, violin, vibraphone, trumpet and sax made their way into their stage act and onto their records -- influences as diverse as symphonic classical, jazz, medieval chants and baroque chamber music crept into the mix and were integrated seamlessly.  Nothing ever sounded out of place.<br />The album begins with 'The advent of Panurge', a song-tale from the work of Rabelais, of the friendship between Gargantua and Pantagruel -- not the stuff of conventional rock lyrics.  Derek Shulman's vocals, Kerry Minnnear's keyboard, Gary Green's guitar and Phil Shulman's bass enter together in a stacatto melodic line --John Weather's incredible touch on drums keeps pace.  Each musician's touch is delicate, light, perfectly in tempo, intricately interweaving, leading up to the point where the band kicks in with an even tighter, more powerful rhythm.  The track builds and builds until the listener wonders how they can sustain it.  Stops and starts occur with machine-like synchronicity -- but never cold, always with emotion.<br />Next comes 'Raconteur troubador', a thematic look at the life of the wandering minstrel of the middle ages, arranged in a style that, again, complements and illustrates the story told by the lyrics.  Particularly effective in this track is the use of the huge, deep hand drum.  'A cry for everyone' explodes with more standard progressive rock instrumentation, Green's guitar rhythms cutting bold swaths of power through the tune -- and there's a well-played, jarring keyboard break from Minnear here as well.  'Knots' comes from another literary source, writer/philosopher R.D.Laing -- the result is a piece so complex that the band admits in the liner notes that they do not perform it live.  Lines of verse spiral around and over each other, like the 'knots' of the title, coming out together on the other end.  The instrumental 'The boys in the band' gives everyone a chance to stretch out musically.  'Dog's life' is the band's backhanded tribute to their road crew, something that many bands didn't think to do.  'Think of me with kindness' is the album's gentlest track, a simple plea from a man to look at what he has done in his life in the spirit in which he intended it.  The album closes with the masterfully-composed and -executed 'River' -- one of the finest tracks they ever recorded.<br />When this band played live, the audience was presented with such a spectacle of pure musicianship that they were unsure muchof the time where to look -- everyone in the band was constantly active, and to incredible effect.  The energy with which they performed was unbelivably high -- and you can hear that energy on this disc.  At $10, this is an unbeliveable bargain -- I doubt that you'll ever find this much music crammed into album length at this price.  Talk about 'more bang for your buck'...!<br />Columbia should have left the cover intact from the original UK issue.  Roger Dean's painting of a powerful, menacing creature, almost threatening, was a much more accurate portrait of the music inside.  Far from being dead and pickled, this band was a living, breathing entity, fully capable of picking up the listener and giving them a good shake.<br />Also highly recommended by this band:  IN A GLASS HOUSE [*****], THREE FRIENDS [****], FREE HAND [****].of the time where to look -- everyone in the band was constantly active, and to incredible effect.  The energy with which they performed was unbelivably high -- and you can hear that energy on this disc.  At $10, this is an unbeliveable bargain -- I doubt that you'll ever find this much music crammed into album length at this price.  Talk about 'more bang for your buck'...!<br />Columbia should have left the cover intact from the original UK issue.  Roger Dean's painting of a powerful, menacing creature, almost threatening, was a much more accurate portrait of the music inside.  Far from being dead and pickled, this band was a living, breathing entity, fully capable of picking up the listener and giving them a good shake.<br />Also highly recommended by this band:  IN A GLASS HOUSE [*****], THREE FRIENDS [****], FREE HAND [****].
0060392886|4.0|Got it as a Father's Day gift yesterday and finished all 400 odd pages before I crashed.  Is it a literary masterpiece?  Absolutely not.  Is it hard to put down?  Absolutely yes.  If you were an 80's rocker, then this book won't shed too much light on the band, especially if you were an avid Circus Magazine or (S)Hit Parader reader.  I wish I would have kept all my mags.  Ebay didn't exist back then (oh, well).  However, the book's fun to read simply for the fact that it's cool to know about infighting and the money problems, etc.  Plus, the most interesting fact about the whole book is the relationship between Brandi and Nikki and her mother (you figure it out).  Get the book, because my wife paid a lot of bucks at the bookstore, therefore taking away from my beer cash.
0385474547|3.0|This is a good book, though not overly exciting. The African culture shown is quite interesting but the plot is rather dull. This book is well written with a lot going on for literary discussion.( i.e. strong irony.) I would suggest this book to those interested in African culture; or as a good text to be analyzed for content/author style/etc.
B000002MP2|5.0|This is the best Green Day CD, and one of the best CD's ever. There is not one bad song on this CD, they are all great and fun to listen to - this is an extremely entertaining and punkish CD. My favorite songs are: Basket Case, Longview, and When i come around.
B00003CXIP|5.0|An execelent movie.It really made me felt many emotions at the same time.It was beautifully done and all the scenes were espectacular.I like this movie for many reasons but the main reason was because it made me remaind me of myself when I use to have friends just like that.I really can't describe this movie just by writing about it,it needs more than that.I think they made a very good job,not just the actors but all the people who participated in the creation of this master piece.I totally recomend it.By the way,the scene that I like the most is when Wil take the gun to save River.It was just so touching and controversial.5 stars to this master piece,probably the best in its kind.It really has an good message and I really undersatand it just like all of you did.
B00000DFMN|3.0|The early 1980s was dominated by synthetic and sampling technology.  Brands like New England Digital's Synclavier, the Fairlight and Ensoniq could be found in many hi-tech recording studios.  Crisp, thudding electronic drum sounds appeared on so many of the single of the time.<br />This album received a lot of critical attention on its 1984 release.  A production genius -- Trevor Horn -- was on the march, and this LP was expected to give more insight into his methods.  Up to this point, he had done some staggering work for Yes with '90125', Frankie Goes to Hollywood ('... Pleasuredome') and, I think, Grace Jones.  Compressed orchestral samples -- as in Yes's 'Owner of a Lonely Heart' single -- were his trademark.<br />The Art of Noise was his backing band / production staff / co-composers -- call them what you will -- and this was their first showcase.  Every sample is polished until it shines and sparkles.  In the UK, 'Close (to the edit)' was the single that drew the record-buying public to the album, and 'Moments in Love' provided the justification for buying it.  But the rest, although a couple of years ahead of its time, now sounds dated.  The album provided a great demonstration of one possible musical future -- a future centred on sampling technology.<br />'Moments in Love' is a classic track that deserves all the praise heaped upon it by other reviewers here.  Much credit is due to Anne Dudley, who went on to write material such as the soundtrack for 'The Full Monty'.
B00003CXP1|5.0|There's a reason this is #55 on the top 250 movies on IMDB.com.  Absolutely brilliant picture, read the reviews here and at IMDB.com to get all the praise.<br />Since there is no linked DVD review here, I wanted to mention that this movie has an incredible DVD translation.  Dolby Digital has never sounded so good.  Those of you lucky enough to have a 5.1 set up, you must rent this DVD.  The back speakers get as much play as the front ones and it adds *significantly* to the experience.  It would be a wonderful showcase for home theater stores, if the movie wasn't so disturbing.
B00000C3G6|4.0|here is an album that seems to have slipped by everyone.  well worth the purchase alone are two of crosby's best songs ever recorded.  &quot;whole cloth&quot; has such a  beautiful chord progression its eerie.  and crosby's &quot;games&quot; is truly gorgeous--right up there with yes, &quot;guinevere&quot;.  the harmony during the chorus penetrates deeply.  if this man wasn't as great an artist and songrwiter as he was during the late 60's/early 70's, miles davis would have never covered &quot;guinevere&quot;.  &quot;the wall song&quot; is i believe the only studio version available and it is quite sweet with the help of jerry garcia and phil lesh.  nash is has some commendable stuff on here, but like most of nash's work, its too pop and stiff for me.  must be the brit in him.  although flawed, this album has a few memorable gems worthy of a space in your cd rack.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|I went into this movie knowing you have to forget about &quot;reality&quot; and suspend yourself in the experience.  I laughed and cried and loved it.  The music was used wonderfully, and the actors - all of them - were outstanding.  Ewan McGregor is extremely talented, and I am now going back to the stores to find his other work.  The singing was great - and it was like seeing &quot;Strictly Ballroom&quot; again.
B000002MNL|4.0|In my humble opinion, this is the best self-pity music ever written.<br />This album has helped me get through countless breakups, broken hearts, and bad days. It's not going to make you feel better about anything, nor is it going to inspire you to get up and save the world, but is perfect for when you just want to wallow in your misery. &quot;I Am Hated for Loving&quot; and &quot;Used To Be A Sweet Boy&quot; are the most beautifully sad songs on this album.
0553296981|5.0|I have seen the movie to this book. I knew what was going to happen before I read the book, but when I read the book, I felt as if I were watching the movie all over again. There are so many details that are in the book that you may not see in the movie. I highly recommend this book for anyone who is interested in finding out what really happened in that day and age.
B000002MU3|4.0|I know that there are lots of hard-core REM fans out there who hate this album, perhaps because it is a departure from their previous efforts (i.e. &quot;Automatic For The People&quot; and &quot;Out of Time&quot;).  It IS a departure from that same college-rock-ish style, but I think that's what i found to be most refreshing about it.  REM's previous music seems to all blend together for me, whereas this album has a more unique sound.  It's harder, it's fuzzier, more experimental, less 'green'.<br />If you don't like earlier REM, give this a listen.
0679746048|4.0|This book provides and interesting look at the world of the insane. Where older, more famous books look at insanity only from the point of view of the insane, Susanna Kaysen's novel provides the perspective of doctors and those &quot;cured&quot;, in addition to that of the insane. The stories of the main character's stay in the institution advance the book. They are emotionally stimulating and feed the desire to see the world of the insane. But the intermittent documentation as well as Susanna's insight into her insanity provide for the reader a measure of his own insanity. It is amazing to see how the habits and idiosyncrasies, the justification of their madness, are so close to our own behavior. This book is both fun and revealing to read.
0553208845|5.0|I had to read this book in 10th grade English, and needless to say required reading is usually not the best. When I first started out I didn't understand it at all.<br />Why is he entering the soul of a rabbit, why isn't he eating? This is dumb.<br />But I couldn't have been more wrong. The story is simple I'll give you that, but it's the simplicity that gives the story beauty. It is a touch of enlightenment.<br />I could really relate to Siddhartha, and his journey that mirrored the life of Buddha. I don't know much about eastern philosophy, but this book got me interested.<br />Its ideas have helped very much. By the end of the story the rest of my class was left saying &quot;huh?&quot; whilst I was going &quot;Ahh!&quot;. Give it a chance, and you may like what you find.
B000053ZRR|5.0|If you are a Bon Jovi fan and you have a DVD then this is the concert that you should buy. The concert star with two classics. &quot;Living on a Prayer&quot; and &quot;You Give Love a Bad Name&quot;. After that be prepared to see a lot of awesome songs like &quot;Say it Isn't So&quot;, &quot;Born to be my Baby&quot;, &quot;It's my Life&quot; and many, many more. The best songs of the concert are &quot;Bed of Roses&quot;, &quot;Lay your Hands on me&quot;. The duo that Jon Bon Jovi and Richie Sambore made with &quot;Wanted Dead or Alive&quot; and &quot;I'll be There for You&quot; are outstanding. After see the concet you have extras like behind the concert, two music videos, pictures and discography. If you like Bon Jovi and you would like to have a great concert on your DVD collection, the this is the one you have to get. BUY THIS DVD
B000003TAL|5.0|Other reviewiers have their opinions, and good for them..personally this is one of my favorite albums of all time.  I even bought a few cheap &quot;kit&quot; guitars so i wouldn't have to re-tune my store bought guitars to learn this stuff.     People talk about the &quot;lost chord&quot;.. its there..ya dont even have to try hard to find it.  (unless youre spending a lot of time trying to find ways to diss an album).
B000003S0F|5.0|Music is suposed to be the 'language of the soul,' right?  This album is the proof.  Unlike modern Crimson, this isn't background music; the musicians leave far too much space to fill in the space.  The only way to fully appreciate it is to sit right up there with your head wedged in between the speakers.  The music and lyrics compliment each other exceptionally well, and will take you for an emotional journey.  Never after will Crimson lyrics be as powerful as they were in the Sinfield era, and never after will Fripp's writing pay so much attention to them.  Just listen to the discords that creep up in 'The Letters' just as Boz is singing, &quot;As if a leper's face / That tainted letter graced&quot; and then the explosion of fury that colapses into depression after, &quot;The wife with choke-stone throat / Ran to the day with tear blind eyes.&quot;  Outstanding.  The only other Crimson album to give the same (only opposite) emotional battering as 'Islands' is 'Lark's Tongues in Aspic.'<br />'Formentera Lady' begins as a free-time piece, which evolves into a jazzy jam, and builds, through guitar and soprano, to climax with 'Sailor's Tale'.  The guitar work in the second track is fantastic, and forshadows, appropriately, the sorrow to come.<br />'The Letters' is a beautiful piece which fills you with depression.  Fripp does some nice lyrical work behind boz's unnacompanied vocals.  After its painfully depressing conclusion, the transition to 'Ladies of the Road' is a little hasty.  Four of five more seconds of silence would have been nice.  I assume 'The Letters' concluded the first side of the original LP, which would have been more powerful.<br />However, 'Ladies of the Road' is an excellent Beatles-esque tune that also tears you apart emotionally.  The humour in the music is a relief after 'The Letters', but the ever-present sexual suggestions, such as, &quot;Stone-headed Frisco spacer / Ate all the meat I gave her / Said would I like to taste hers / And even craved the flavour,&quot; leaves you with a feeling of pleasant disgust.  The sax makes a great entrance after, &quot;I smiled and just unzipped her.&quot;  Very appropriate.<br />'Prelude: Song of the Gulls' is a classical string piece brings you back to the peace of 'Formentera Lady'.  As the title suggests, it is serves, merely, as an introduction to 'Islands'.  The closing number is the climax of Sinfield's concept, which I will let you examine yourself (excellent and thorough interpretations are available on the internet).  It builds slowly through a nice cornet solo and leaves you with a wonderful feeling of peace.<br />To summarize, &quot;Islands&quot; is one of the best Crimson albums: the guitar work is outstanding, dynamic contrast is present and appropriately used, the music is confident and has plenty of space, and is written with close attention to Sinfield's powerful lyrics.<br />So get off your chair, run down to your record store, and buy this album now!  By the way, for those new to prog-rock or jazz, this album will require several listenings and undevided attention (again, wedge your head in between the speakers).
6305426651|5.0|When I first heard of this movie during the Academy Awards, I was skeptical of the plot because well, how could a person shield such horror from one's child, especially at a time such as the Holocaust? Yet, somehow, this man did. And the reason I feel that it was like that is because it was a relatively short stay. I don't think he could have pulled it off if it were longer. What I love about this movie is that I was touched by it. And each time I see it, I am more touched, and I fall in love with a certain aspect of the film. Despite the fact that I am African American, I can identify with this film, and I give it two thumbs way up!! (Personally, it needs more than five, more like ten)
0451196716|5.0|In the age of real life being sprawled all over the T.V. we seem to loose where we are going.  In this book you get to feel (I reall mean feel) what it is like to be put to the edge of both the mental and physical raod.  This book is has become my new favorite, and I don't think that any book can top the jorney I went through with these characers.  This book has got to be one of the greatest acheivemets in the litterary world.  It grips you into fallowing the raods and dosen't let you stop.  It's better than such novels as Red Sky at Morning and the Exorcist.  If you haven't read it, do it as soon as possible.
B00003CXRM|1.0|Are people kidding? After the tremendous reviews this film received I still cannot believe how awful it is. I am normally a fan of the Coen Bros. films, but this is far below their usual quality. Instead of genuine wit and the intelligent dark humor associated with their earlier works, this film relies instead on juvenile humor and \\"jokes\\" even most sitcom writers would find beneath them to pen. This film pretends to be witty, pretends to be satire, but instead relies on lines one might expect to find in a Jeff Foxworthy routine--which is all fine and good if you like that kind of thing--but one tends to expect something of far greater significance from the Coen Brothers. But for a handful of scenes the acting borders on embarrassing, the humor (particularly the nearly constant violence leveled on animals in this film attempting to pass itself off as humor) is nonexistant, and the plot about as riveting as a Hee-Haw rerun. Very disappointing. Do yourself a favor and forget this mess. Watch Blood Simple or Fargo instead. As good as those are...that's how bad this train wreck is. O Brothers What Were Thou Thinking?
0451169514|5.0|To read IT you must be ready for your worsty nightmares to come to light.  We fallow the adventures od seven kids who must face their fears to save the lives of the other children in their town of Derry.  I really liked this book beacues it gets down to what happen when adults don't pay attention to children so in the end the kids realize that they must do things on their own.  So check it out . . . if you dare.
0880293225|5.0|I particularly like this book because of the different techniques offered. This book is standard for the exercises of mnemonics, but the different methods, and how they are essential in learning different strategies for other tasks (Morse code, reading, speeches, language symbols, the memory graph) is nicely represented in this book. This book provides essential techniques that can be used with your particular memory strategy.
B0000019PA|5.0|I've been listening to music for thirty years, and in my opinion, this is the greatest album ever made: better than &quot;Sgt Pepper&quot;,better than &quot;VU 3rd&quot;, better than &quot;Nevermind&quot;, better than &quot;OK Computer&quot;. You don't believe me do you? Just listen...just learn...just love...
B00005AQEA|5.0|this cd is tite and i really like . hope u buy it cause u will enjoy it too.
B00005B6C9|5.0|An OLD Fan.This is mature and powerful work from the Gibbs, and they still rock! Sacred Trust and Wedding Day show The Brothers have weathered the storm and come through with hope in their hearts as is true for Deja Vu, Loose Talk and Embrace. The vocals are still there and a joy. There is not a cut I am not enjoying. Technicolor dreams is fun, but there is poignancy lurking. Don't take so long for the next one guys.
6305907145|4.0|Austen purists will undoubtedly tsk-tsk away at Patricia Rozema's adaptation of this classic.  Well, let them.  It may not be exactly what Austen wrote, but it is still a very worthwhile film.<br />The somewhat heavy-handed treatment of slavery and frank portrayal of sexuality and infidelity may make some Austenites squirm, as these issues were really only hinted at in the novel.  In Austen's time, a mere mention that a family was involved in business in Bristol or had perplexing interests in Antigua was enough to indicate their involvement in the slave trade.<br />But modern audiences aren't always as acute to subtleties such as this.  Thus, Rozema's film practically hits you over the head with it, making sure you understand just how the Bertram family gets their money.<br />Then there's the issue of sex.  Miss Austen would never have been published had she revealed any sexual details, and Austen film adaptations have followed suit, rarely showing more than a chaste kiss.  Although the heroine's (Fanny Price) love affair remains pure, Rozema makes sure that the audience understands the illicit affair between Maria Bertram and Henry Crawford by having Fanny walk in on them in the act.<br />No, it's not the way Austen wrote it, but we aren't living in Austen's time.  And the film is not a complete perversion of the original work.<br />The formal diction and manners remain the same; the characters are, for the most part, very true to the novel, and the underlying themes still come through strongly.  This is what matters.<br />Furthermore, the acting is superior.  Frances O'Connor gives Fanny Price a much sharper tongue than the character in the novel, but she still portrays Fanny's extreme self-consciousness, honesty, and unworldliness.  Jonny Lee Miller's Edward Bertram is not as dashing as a Mr. Darcy, but neither is the character.  His Edward is honorable, sweet, shy, and discerning, and a perfect match for O'Connor's modest Fanny.  Lindsay Duncan is excellent in the dual roles of the wealthy opium-addict Lady Bertram and her poverty-stricken sister Mrs. Price, showing two extremes of female fate in Austen's time.<br />What this film shows is that Austen still can be adapted for a modern audience.  It attests to Austen's sustainability as a novelist (as if that was a point necessary to argue), that the story can be subjected to the indelicacies of a contemporary film and still make an impact with its themes and characters.
B00003CXRO|1.0|90%(If not 100%) of showing Tom Hanks stuck on an island.
B000002UB6|1.0|i hate to say this, but, 'let it be,' is by far the worst Beatles album, and i say that with great reluctance. why you ask? let's see; the production is atrocious and the songs (most of them, at least), are insensitive, hurried, and, worst of all, shallow.<br />the beatles were undeniably a great band, but this should not be at all how they are remembered. albums like, 'revolver,' 'sgt. pepper,' and, 'abbey road,' blow away this dross. the only redeeming song on this album is the title track, which, i admit, is one of the best beatles' songs ever. but if you buy it for just that song, you're wasting money on something that is unlistenable. buy any their other albums (except, 'magical mystery tour,' which isn't as bad but could have been better.)
B00005BJ2O|5.0|Amazing is all that I can say.  The movie is amazing (although my husband hated it), I LOVED it.  If you love musicals and BIG productions you will LOVE this movie.  I could watch it over and over and I have already listened to the soundtrack over and over.  I am amazed at the performances and the way the songs were intermixed within each other.  All combined they make a wonderful and fun compilation.  I love the song by Bono, Beck and David Bowie, they are perfect additions.  I could have done without Rhythm of the Night and would have liked to have had Like A Virgin, Teen Spirit, Spectacular Spectacular.  I am Ewan McGregors newest biggest fan.  He was excellent in the movie and his singing was meant for the broadway stage.  I am one of Nicole Kidman's least biggest fans but I was turned around by this movie.  She is excellent as well and the chemistry between these two is beyond anything I have seen in a movie in a long time.  Baz Luhrmann is a genius, he worked magic with the movie and with the soundrack.
0452282152|4.0|I bought this book after catching a few words on the biograghy of this famouse painter Vermeer. I wanted to learn more on this whole pearl earring thing. This book was so good I didnt want to finish it and that is why I give it a 4 out of 5. It ended too quickly as if the author gave up or ran out of ideas. It was a good read, but not enough to make me happy.
B000056IKU|4.0|I remember my older sister having this LP, when I left home I stole it and never told her! I can't believe it's taken over 20 years for it to be re-issued! For me, &quot;Fur Immer&quot; is the definitive Neu! track, the definitive motorik track if you prefer. Unlike &quot;Hallogallo&quot;, which it superficially resembles, it has that distinctive clean rhythm guitar sound which is as recognisably &quot;Neu!&quot; as the relentless get-out-of-my-way drumming style (just ask Stereolab). Again, this track seems more dynamic and better thought out than &quot;Hallogalloo&quot;, the crescendos and de-crescendos work better and the overall sound is lusher - tho &quot;Hallogallo&quot; has a punchier feel. Of the other tracks on this release, &quot;Neuschnee&quot; has a lovely Rother melody set to a punishing Dinger beat - another perfect Neu! track! &quot;Super&quot; and &quot;Lila Engel&quot; simply invent punk rock - monstrous beats, insane guitar and Dinger's extraordinary strangulated retch of a voice. Unfortunately, the rest of the album is taken up with mere space-filling noodling: the record player distortions of &quot;Super&quot; and &quot;Neuschnee&quot; could be some sort of dadaist anti-art precursor to the modern-day turntablism or else they could just be a cheap and quick way to fill up space (I tend towards the latter argument). Nonetheless I have always found 'Cassetto', the warbly warped-tape version of 'Hallogallo', a perfectly acceptable way to fill space when making up a Neu! compilation tape for friends - of course, now the Neu! albums are all available on CD my compilation tape days may just be behind me....
014028009X|5.0|Bridget Jones is one of the funniest books I have ever read. We have all had our &quot;Bridget moments&quot;. She is a thirty-something who writes down everything she eats, her weight gain and loss, her daily intake of fags (cigarrettes) and alcohol consumption. The diary starts off detailing Una's New Year's Day Curry Buffet where she's asked &quot;How's your love life?&quot; She thinks to herself, &quot;Oh God. Why can't married people understand that this is  no longer a polite question to ask? We wouldn't walk up to them and roar, 'How's your marriage going? Still having sex?'&quot; This is just one example of her engaging humor. While at  the party, her parents try to set her up with Mark Darcy, a boy that she used to play in the wading pool with as a child while she was running around naked. She sees him and immediately disqualifies him as a potential candidate because he is wearing a V-neck diamond patterned sweater. &quot;As my friend Tom often remarks, it's amazing how much time and money can be saved in the world of dating by close attention to detail. A white sock here, a pair of red braces there, a gray slip-on shoe, a swastika, are as often as not all one needs to tell you there's no point writing down phone numbers and forking out for expensive lunches because it's never going to be a runner.&quot; And so the diary goes. She later talks about her moments at work where she has ongoing e-mails with her boss's boss, Daniel, about the length of her skirt. This book is a must-read! I have already purchased Edge of Reason and can't wait to begin reading it.
B000056IKS|3.0|I've had this album on vinyl for years and am delighted that it is at last getting a CD issue. Some clever person (Eno?) said that hardly anyone listened to the Velvet Underground but everyone who did formed a band: similarly, it seems to me, that everyone who listened to Neu! and was in a band ripped them off. But you get fed up telling people that Stereolab have based their entire career on the fact that not enough people had heard Neu! to pull them up for blatant plagiarism. There are basically 3 tracks on this CD. The title track defines the Neu! style, Dinger's metronomic but aggressive drum style is mesmerising, Rother adds subtle simplistic guitar, there are no chord changes - the track obviously owes a lot to the Can of \\"Father Cannot Yell\\" and \\"Mother Sky\\" (listen to Jaki Liebezeit's drumming on the latter) but still has enough of Stooges/Velvets rock propulsion to remain original. \\"Weissensee\\" merely slows down the beat, allowing Rother's melodicism to peek out. \\"Negativland\\" is maybe even more astonishing than the title track, again Can is in there somewhere, but the wailing detuned guitars are so reminiscent/prescient of Sonic Youth you'll scarcely believe this could have been recorded in 1971!! Much praise is due, as ever, to Conny Plank, whose clean and powerful production is world away from the sonic sludge that some so-called \\"Krautrock\\" gets bogged down in. Having said all that, unfortunately the rest of the album just noodles along distractedly, it was never terribly interesting and it isn't anymore interesting on CD! (Hence the 3 stars)
B00005BJ2O|5.0|The soundtrack is awesome! I haven't seen the movie...yet, but I couldn't wait until after I saw the movie to buy the CD since I've heard a song or two before. At first I only bought it for \\"Lady Marmalade\\", but now it seems so over-played I've fallen in love with some of the other songs. \\"Elephant Love\\", \\"Your Song\\", \\"Come What May\\", and \\"El Tango de Roxanne\\" are my personal favorites. I'm a Ewan fan, go figure. But he is *absolutely* splendid on the soundtrack. Nicole isn't too shabby herself. Is it just me, or do accents end up making voices sound so much better when singing? Anyway, the rest of the CD. <br />Nature Boy- What Ewan said in the beginning is what caught me. It just gives me goosebumps!<br />Lady Marmalade- Much too over-played. I think a lot of you agree on it, and I'm not much of a fan of Christina.<br />Because We Can- I like it. Faced-paced, it gets you moving...<br />Sparkling Diamonds- \\"Diamonds are a girl's best friend!\\" Ain't that the truth!<br />Rhythm of the Night- Dance! Dance! Dance!<br />Your Song- Ewan sings it. 'Nuff said. =<br />Children of the Revolution- Not exactly one of my favorites...But it's cool.<br />One Day I'll Fly Away- One of my favorites. Nicole really does have a nice voice.<br />Diamond Dogs- Same thing with \\"Children of the Revolution\\"<br />Elephant Love Medley- OMG! This is the *ultimate* song (besides \\"Come What May\\")...10 of my personal favorite love songs. You wouldn't think they could combine all of them, but they pulled it off and it's *awesome*!<br />Come What May- AAIIEE! Both Ewan and Nicole sound *amazing*. When Ewan sings, it just makes me melt. ::sigh::<br />El Tango de Roxanne- A very good one. Has a ballroom-ish tome to it. Hence the word, tango, in the title, but it makes you want to grab a partner and tango across the room.<br />Complainte de la Butte- French...Sooo romantic, even though I have no idea what it all means. I take Spanish, not French.<br />Hindi Sad Diamonds- It has a great techo-ish beat to it. Another one you'd like to dance to.<br />Nature Boy- Eh...Personally, I like the first version better.<br />Over all...I LOVE the CD. It's one of my all time favorites. I haven't been able to stop listening to it for the past week or so. I reccomend buying it. As for watching the movie, I don't know yet since I haven't seen it, but it should be good. Heck, Ewan being up there on the screen is enough for me :)
B000002N2N|5.0|I saw the Ramones several times in the past, and this live album is the apex of their live experience. I saw that tour and a few others, but that one was the best. If anyone is who is thinking of buying just one Ramones album, and just can't decide which one, take an old familiar fans word for it, and buy this one. All of their albums are great, but this one is the essential Ramones. One of the all time best live albums ever recorded, bar none!
B00003CXPD|5.0|Billy Elliot is the heartwarming tale of eleven year old Billy Elliot who in the hard scrabbled world of Northern England circa 1984 finds that he has a talent for of all things, ballet.  Both his father and brother are toughened miners who are involved in the contemptuous and sometimes violent strike.  Billy's father sends him to boxing lessons, but he is taken with the ballet students in the next room.  The ballet teacher, Mrs. Wilkinson sees that Billy has real talent and she pushes him to higher limits.  Billy hides the fact that he taken ballet from his family as he feels they will look down on him.  Ballet after all isn't for real men, it is for women and poofs.  after his father finds out that he's been taking ballet lessons instead of boxing, he forbids Billy from ballet.  Defiantly Billy continues private lessons with Ms. Wilkinson and eventually his father sees that Billy truly loves ballet and has a chance to try out for the prestigious Royal Academy of Ballet in London.  But due to the strike, the Elliot's are low on money.  In an act of true love, Mr. Elliot, crosses the picket lines to try to earn money to send Billy to the audition.  He is stopped by his oldest son from actually working, but his actions show that he really loves his family.  In the end, Billy gets into the Academy and triumphs in the face of huge odds.  Billy Elliot could have turned into a deliberate melodrama, but first time director Stephen Daldry doesn't allow that to happen.  The main reason is Jamie Bell who does a tremendous job as Billy.  With a glut young actors out there, Mr. Bell is often overlooked.  This will change as his performance shows great depth as he applies comedic and dramatic touches to Billy.  Julie Waters is excellent as Mrs. Wilkinson as is the rest of the cast.  Billy Elliot is a winner all the way.
B000002IOJ|5.0|This album sounds almost exactly like 80s MetallicA, which is not at all a bad thing. On this album, more than any other Testament album, Chuck Billy sounds almost EXACTLY like James Hetfield. If I was just hearing this for the 1st time w/out knowing who it was, I would guess it was some MetallicA from the &quot;...And Justice For All&quot; or &quot;Master Of Puppets&quot; sessions that didn't make it on to a record. The best tracks are &quot;Practice What You Preach&quot; and &quot;Nightmares&quot;.
B00005BL2A|3.0|Exciter is Depeche Mode's first album in three years and it finds the band recording some of the most personal music of their careers.  Songs like &quot;Comatose&quot;, &quot;Breathe&quot;, &quot;The Dead Of Night&quot;, &quot;When The Body Speaks&quot; and &quot;I Feel Loved&quot; take on the various problems in lead singer's David Gahan's life from drug addiction to attempted suicide to his recovery.  The music incorporates the classic Depeche Mode sound while updating it with some electronica sounds. While the album is a solid work, it doesn't measure up to their earlier albums and falls short in certain places.
0465068359|2.0|Perhaps it should have been predictable to find Chinese nationals in deep disagreement with others (particularly those from Japan) on how to interpret this controversial book.<br />It is a positive step that people of all nationalities and perspectives are becoming aware of this tragedy.  However the discourse must be kept focused on the merits of the argument.  Pointing an accusatory finger at other reviewers based on their supposed ethnicity (Chinese claiming Japanese bias and vice versa) is thoroughly counter-productive.<br />One surprise to note is some reviewers' claim that the number of civilian casualties (put at 300,000 by Chang, in the tens of thousands by most scholars) does not matter.  Yes, a tragedy is a tragedy, and a civilian toll of, say, 10,000 would not excuse the Japanese military for what it did.  However numbers like this do matter in the context of inflammatory (and false) claims such as &quot;forgotten Holocaust&quot; and attempts to trivialize atomic incineration of Hiroshima and Nagasaki in comparison.
B00003CXRP|3.0|Cast Away reteams director Robert Zemeckis and Tom Hanks for their first film together since the Award winning Forrest Gump.  The film tells the story of a Federal Express employee, Chuck,  who is stranded on a deserted island in the South Pacific.  He is forced to use his wits to survive.  The survival scenes are sandwiched in between Chuck's life in Memphis pre and post island.  The pre-island scenes show Chuck as a time obsessed man, whose main goal is to make certain packages arrive on time.  He shows off his tyrannical devotion to time in the movie's opening scenes where he is training people at a new depot in Moscow.  Back home for Christmas, we meet his girlfriend, Kelly, played by Helen Hunt.  On Christmas day he is called off again and he promises Kelly he'll be home for New Year's Eve and at the airport they exchange gifts.  Kelly gives Chuck a pocket watch and amongst his gifts is an engagement ring.  On this flight, the plane encounters turbulence and goes down.  The crash is a fiery spectacle that shows off Mr. Zemeckis' skill as a director.  Chuck is the lone survivor and he washes up on the island.  Armed with only a few items (ice skates, videotapes) from Fed Ex packages, he forced to adapt to live on the album.  His lone companion is a volleyball he names Wilson (the ball's maker).  Wilson is really an extension of Chuck himself as his &quot;face&quot; was created a bloody palm print of Chuck's own hand.  It is on the island where we see the acting skills that make Mr. Hanks the best in the business.  Through his struggles to make fire, eat, drink and eventually build a boat to leave the island.  He literally all by himself, with only Wilson to interact with.  Mr. Hanks' draws our sympathy and we share in his frustrations.  We feel his desperation and the scene where he kicks Wilson out of a cave and then desperately searches for him in the dark is utterly heartbreaking.  After four years Chuck leaves the island and is rescued at sea.  Upon his return to Memphis, he finds that he was of course left for dead and even buried.  Kelly has married and has a child.  In a tearful reunion, Kelly declares she still loves him, but they both know their relationship can't work.  Cast Away suffers in the scenes off the island as they filled with movie cliches and are stiff.  The scenes on the island are worth watching to see this generation's greatest actor shine.rn to Memphis, he finds that he was of course left for dead and even buried.  Kelly has married and has a child.  In a tearful reunion, Kelly declares she still loves him, but they both know their relationship can't work.  Cast Away suffers in the scenes off the island as they filled with movie cliches and are stiff.  The scenes on the island are worth watching to see this generation's greatest actor shine.
0465068359|1.0|There is no question that far too many civilians were killed in the Sino-Japanese battle in Nanking and that this tragedy marked a dark chapter in Japan's military history.<br />There is also strong evidence to suggest that Ms. Chang's documentation of the incident in Nanking is deeply flawed.  Not to mention the unsubstantiated death toll of 300,000 (today's international consensus is ~20,000), the book relies heavily on anonymous &quot;eyewitnesses&quot;, mislabeled photos from Chinese wartime propaganda and the now-discredited Japanese newspaper articles (on the &quot;beheading contest&quot;, which was concocted entirely by circulation-seeking Japanese journalists at the time and never took place in reality).<br />That the book is of questionable quality is one thing.  That it carries possible political motivation is quite another - and deeply disturbing.  Ms. Chang's sources are skewed heavily towards mainland Chinese &quot;scholars&quot;, and her accusations (most notoriously the Nanking casualties of 300,000) are today closely echoed by Beijing's authoritarian regime and its nationalist supporters.  It is well-known that Beijing never hesitates to exploit this Nanking card to its political advantage.<br />All in all the book casts light on an important incident that took place during the Pacific War but should be treated with extreme caution.
0679746048|1.0|Personally, I don't get this book at all. I guess you can say I didn't like it. Ms. Kaysen talks at length about one topic and then in the next chapter talks about another. The actual experiences of being in the hospital were only in a few short chapters. Or maybe Ms. Kaysen just writes in a VERY unique style that I just can't get used to. Anyway I didn't enjoy this book and was pretty disappointed. Maybe the movie will turn out better.
B00003CXN4|4.0|Traffic is of a rare breed.  The film is something different, something unique.  This film is captivating, funny, and intriguing.  I believe that someone should take the time to watch it more than once, because it becomes so much more after an initial viewing.
B000000OQF|5.0|Dude, if you are into metal, or rock, or any other type of music like that, you need this album! I just got it and it rules! This is one of the most classic records of all time! You have to get this, go on a road trip, and blare this out the window until you are there! I can't say enough about this cd. Axls vocals rule (I love the line \\"I'm gonna watch you Bleeeeeeed!\\") and Slash's guitar solos rule. Welcome to the Jungle is the best song, of course, but other notables are rocket queen and Sweet Ol Child O Mine. Get this record and if you like it, get Use Your Illusion 1! Axl is a sell out!
6304708491|5.0|This was the first Beatles film I saw.  From the first minutes of the film I was hooked!  I became an instant Beatle fan.<br /><br />A religious cult is after Ringo because he is in possession of thier sacrificial ring.  There are several failed attempts to obtain the ring:  stealing it at night as he sleeps, grabbing it when he posts a letter, the elevator scene, getting the ring at a restaurant and even sawing around his drum set so he will fall through to the basement as the Beatles record &quot;You're Gonna Lose That Girl&quot;.  Despite these failures, Clang (Leo McKern), the cult leader, is more determined than ever to get the ring from Ringo!<br /><br />Ahme (wonderfully played by Eleanor Braun), a priestess of the cult is secretly working with the Beatles to keep them out of harms way.<br /><br />Added to the mix are two bumbling scientists Professor Foot and Algernon (Victor Spinetti and Roy Kinnear respectively), and a Scotland Yard superintendent played by Patrick Cargill.  To Cargill everything is &quot;famous&quot; (the famous Ringo, famous Beatles, famous plan).<br /><br />John, Paul, George and Ringo are all charming as ever.  The settings run from England, to the ski slopes of Austria to the Bahamas.<br /><br />There are so many funny things in this movie that you can't just watch it one time and catch them all.<br /><br />The soundtrack to this movie is awesome:  &quot;Help!&quot;, &quot;The Night Before&quot;, &quot;I Need You&quot;, &quot;Another Girl&quot;, &quot;You're Gonna Lose That Girl&quot;, &quot;You've Got To Hide Your Love Away&quot;, &quot;She's A Woman&quot; and &quot;Ticket To Ride&quot;.<br /><br />It's such a shame that MPI is no longer producing this movie.  I truly hope another distributor will be able to gain the rights so it will once again be available.<br /><br />It is well worth the trouble of hunting a copy of this movie down because everything about it is timeless.
B0000019PA|5.0|I had the absolute privilege of hearing Jeff play several of these songs live, it is one of those out-of-body experienced when you forget to breathe. although the album cannot reproduce the beauty of the live show, it is a suitable replacement. this album is not so much a collection of songs as much as a cohesive body of work, almost theatrical in its range and emotion. A great, rainy day, melancholy, album with bursts of elation and poetry to run you through the gamut. a true masterpiece.
6300185311|5.0|I can't imagine not loving a movie with such a perfect trio as Doris Day, Rock Hudson and Tony Randall.  I could watch this film again and again and laugh hysterically each time!<br /><br />George Kimball (Rock Hudson) is a hopeless hypochondriac who, after overhearing his doctor speaking with a specialist about another of his patients, believes he 'could go at any minute'.  He convinces his best friend and neighbor Arnold Nash(Tony Randall) of his impending demise causing Arnold to immediately immerse himself in a drunken stupor.<br /><br />Deciding to keep his coming death from his wife Judy (Doris Day), George and Arnold set out to find a new husband for her.<br /><br />Enter Burt Powers (Clint Walker).<br /><br />George is trying to convince Judy that her old school flame is the best thing in the world.  When Judy sees George being kissed by a newly divorced woman she immediately jumps to the wrong conclusion.  To calm her down George is forced to tell her of his condition.<br /><br />The fun of this movie is watching Rock dig deeper and deeper into trouble.  Doris Day's character completely belives her beloved is near death and will go to any length to help him.  That is, until she learns the truth!<br /><br />Paul Lynde who appears as a well-meaning funeral director is a hoot!  He brings a whole new element of funny into the film.<br /><br />I highly recommend this movie.  You certainly will not regret it.  I can only hope it will be released onto DVD VERY soon!
B00000I9MK|5.0|If you are at all a fan of this Scottish band, their first release is a MUST. Perfect for when you are feeling melancholy. What a treasure to have this re- released for us. Stuart Murdoch's voice is all natural without the over production that often taints 'If You're Feeling Sinister' (not that it makes me love it any less)  this is an absolute must for any self - described indie pop fan.
B00004XQP4|5.0|Green Day have been classified as &quot;Punk&quot; ..but if u really think about it they have always been slightly Pop music. With their first 5 cds they were 2 parts punk and 1 part pop. With Warning they have shifted to 2 parts pop and 1 part punk. Warning is Punk just not as fast and loud as Green Day used to be heard, this is not a bad thing! If you like Green Day's older stuff, u should like this ..to most people Dookie is and will always be Green Day's #1 cd ..i think that too, but if you want upbeat,witty and catchy pop-punk-rock get this NOW!!
B00005BJ2O|4.0|after seeing the much-anticipated moulin rouge last week, i came to the conclusion that the best description of the film was a good movie that had had its first half-hour stuck in a blender. it was a mish-mosh of nonsensical farce that left me breathlessly murmuring, &quot;they did NOT just do that.&quot;<br />the attendants of the fictional whorehouse broke out into nirvana's &quot;smells like teen spirit.&quot; don't get me wrong, i love the tune, but i don't fancy its inclusion in french period piece.<br />however, i did spend the money on the cd, for some reason, and was pleasantly reminded of how much i enjoyed the music itself. ewan and nicole's voices complement each other in fantastical ways, and the other artists put a new spin on the old classic for a heart-thumping, awed-grin reaction. splurge on this one... it's worth it.
B00005B7CK|1.0|The only good thing about this entire movie is the song by the Soggy Bottom Boys called Sorrow..<br />Don't rent it...dont' watch it at a friends house
B00003CXDZ|2.0|Being a lover of musicals, I felt compelled to see this movie as soon as possible, not believing my eyes and ears when I heard that a musical love tragedy was hitting the big screen.  What I witnessed was blasphemy against some great classic hits that should have remained just that: classic, grouped with a handful of not-so-classic songs that should have never been unearthed.  They were all twisted into a ridiculous and unbelievable array of visual lavishness (which, I admit, was pleasing to the eye if you have a penchant for Luhrmann's dazzling directing style).  The beauty of the explosively colorful sets was soured as I lost count of how many times I audibly groaned at the cheesy covers of once original songs.  The movie was visually stunning thanks to Luhrmann's imaginative eye for the fantastic, but the script was painfully unoriginal, and the characters were ridiculously embellished walking stereotypes (or crawling...see Kidman in the faux duke seduction scene).  I felt embarrassed for the actors and monetary supporters behind this overdone, overhyped, and overrated mocking tale of sugary passion.  The love story or &quot;plot&quot; (which was as transparent as Kidman's complexion) was over before it began with a stale flashback format and events as predictable as each new cheesy cover song.  The onslaught of badness left a Nutrasweet residue in my mouth the rest of the weekend that's still with me today as I write this review.  Moulin Rouge is the worst of new era Disney and the very worst of contemporary Broadway combined into a colorful nightmare that will haunt any viewer with an inkling of artistic ethics.  If you're longing for pure eye candy with little substance, then see the movie.  It is worth a look solely for the visual circus Luhrmann leads us through, but I'd recommend renting or buying the DVD down the road, kicking back with your favorite cocktail or hallucinogen, and firmly pressing the MUTE button before the movie begins.
0060278234|5.0|Lireal was a wonderful sequel to Sabriel. I think that the story plot was wonderful and very unpredictable. I like the way he made the family fit in such Lireal and Sabriel beings sisters (in a way) and how it all fits together perfectly. I was a little disappointed to find out that Abhorsen the third book of the trilogy might not come out till April or September of 2002 but in waiting for it my school-year will be filled with anticipation of the upcoming book. The plot in some ways tends to get a little bit confusing. If you have read the Golden Compass trilogy by Philip Pullman you would understand how the main characters stories seem to go back and forth until they meet. I have emailed the author to find that he is an even more wonderful person than he is an author since he emailed a nobody like me. He has taught me things about the books that I would have stay confused with otherwise. I think my biggest joy in the book is the diffrences that Lireal and Prince Sameth have to put up with all the way to Lireal's talking pet is a Charter-made dog and Prince Sameth's Mogget is a Free-Magic cat.The conflicts are many and I think that is what keeps the story going. All in all it is a great book to by but i would suggest that you read Sabriel first.
B00003CXDZ|2.0|Being a lover of musicals, I felt compelled to see this movie as soon as possible, not believing my eyes and ears when I heard that a musical love tragedy was hitting the big screen.  What I witnessed was blasphemy against some great classic hits that should have remained just that: classic, grouped with a handful of not-so-classic songs that should have never been unearthed.  They were all twisted into a ridiculous and unbelievable array of visual lavishness (which, I admit, was pleasing to the eye if you have a penchant for Luhrmann's dazzling directing style).  The beauty of the explosively colorful sets was soured as I lost count of how many times I audibly groaned at the cheesy covers of once original songs.  The movie was visually stunning thanks to Luhrmann's imaginative eye for the fantastic, but the script was painfully unoriginal, and the characters were ridiculously embellished walking stereotypes (or crawling...see Kidman in the faux duke seduction scene).  I felt embarrassed for the actors and monetary supporters behind this overdone, overhyped, and overrated mocking tale of sugary passion.  The love story or &quot;plot&quot; (which was as transparent as Kidman's complexion) was over before it began with a stale flashback format and events as predictable as each new cheesy cover song.  The onslaught of badness left a Nutrasweet residue in my mouth the rest of the weekend that's still with me today as I write this review.  Moulin Rouge is the worst of new era Disney and the very worst of contemporary Broadway combined into a colorful nightmare that will haunt any viewer with an inkling of artistic ethics.  If you're longing for pure eye candy with little substance, then see the movie.  It is worth a look solely for the visual circus Luhrmann leads us through, but I'd recommend renting or buying the DVD down the road, kicking back with your favorite cocktail or hallucinogen, and firmly pressing the MUTE button before the movie begins.
B00005B4GU|5.0|I just bought Amnesiac a few days ago, and it has been an addictive listening experience.  Radiohead is a truly innovative band....  Part of the beauty of buying a Radiohead CD is not knowing exactly what you're going to get but knowing that whatever it is, it will be exciting and challenging.  Amnesiac is just that--it is not \\"Kid B\\", as some will refer to it.  This album is markedly less electronic than Kid A.  Amnesiac has some truly beautiful, powerful moments.  Pyramid Song is my personal favorite.  It is a beautiful, haunting song that sticks in my mind and warrants repeated listening.  All in all, Amnesiac is a rewarding listening experience, and I highly recommend it for all Radiohead fans.
B000002B7M|5.0|Anyone who gives this CD less than five stars is a jackass and or douche bag.  This is no less than some of the best rock material ever produced.  Randy Rhoads is a phenomenal guitarist, and this is one of the few musical gems he left on the earth before he died.  He blows Jimi Hendrix out of water, I highly suggest listening to this material.
B00005B36H|5.0|Lateralus is my first Tool CD, and I am so glad I bought it.  I had heard a couple of Tool songs in the past and really liked them, &quot;Sober&quot; being the main one that I can remember, so I decided to take a chance on this one.  Lateralus is a fantastic album.  I have listened to little else since I bought it a week ago because it is an addictive experience--emphasis on the word experience, because that is what this album is.  The lyrics are actually meaningful, rather than some manufactured tripe that some other bands come up with.  I like the cohesive feel of this album--how one song flows into another.  The tracks are long, but they are worth every glorious minute.  Grudge, Patient and Schism are my favorites.  Tool has produced some truly beautiful music on this CD.  The songs are very complex and intriguing.  The cover art is also amazing.  I've never seen a CD liner like that before.  Lateralus is an awesome album, and I would recommend it highly.
B000002B7O|5.0|The last work of the late and great Randy Rhoads.  ITS RHOADS! RHOADS! Not Rhodes.  RHOADS! Anyway, some of the best material on the market.  Simply blows away any bands out there today.  Rock on, Ozz.
B000001IQH|5.0|While the first CDs I ever got were Throwing Copper by Live, Smash by The Offspring, and Vitalogy by Pearl Jam, I never actually knew what the hell punk was. Sure, like everybody else, I knew songs like &quot;I Wanna Be Sedated&quot;, but I didn't know about punk at all until fall last year. Then I was introduced to big time punk bands like Dropkick Murphys, Bad Religion, and RANCID. The very first time I heard the CD, I found myself singing along to &quot;Roots, Radicals&quot;, doing all those uniquely masculine motions known as air guitar to every song, and realizing that Limp Bacon is not a real musical band, just like N*Sync.... Wes Borland, I'll take Lars Frederiksen any day! <br />This album is easily the crowning achievement of Rancid's career. After all, it's sold something like 8 million copies...for punk? Eesh! That's like superstardom! But it is deserved stardom. With great ska-punk hooks, very catchy lyrics, and songs that don't express mindless rage like the aggro rap-rock... scene does these days, ...And Out Come the Wolves is far and away my favorite sing-along punk experience. Buy this CD (or burn it...it's cheaper!) now, plug in and enjoy. I guarantee even non-punk fans will love this, and possibly be converted to the &quot;other side&quot; as I was. <br />*If you're already an established punker, then check out Lars Frederiksen ... another addicting album.*
0553277472|5.0|At first, I picked up this novel because i was curious as to what it was about.  Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance practices the zen it professes.  It was reading for one of my classes, but the professor decided to teach another book instead.  For this I am highly grateful.  It definately wouldn't have had the impact it has had on me if I were required to read it.  I wouldn't have paid as much attention to what it had to say.  It is a book that must read itself.  You can't pick it up and force yourself to read it.  It should be savored like a moist piece of tiramisu.  I found that at some points I had a hard time reading some of the philosophy, and that was when i needed to put the book down and get a fresh start on it the next day.  Pirsig does a fantastic job at building up the plot and the theory until it all finally lets loose on the second to last page (before the afterward).  I say that if you begin reading it and don't like it, put it down, give it some time, pick up where you left off, and you might get something out of it.
B00003CXRP|2.0|I heard a lot of great reviews about this movie and, being a huge Tom Hanks fan, I couldn't wait to see it.  So we went out and bought it, instead of renting it, and all I have to say is thank god it was on sale!  When we first starting watching this movie I was completely in love with everything, the characters, the actors, the story line, the effects.  Then came the scene where Chuck returns to meet his ex-girlfriend, Kelly.  From this point on the movie started to go very sour.  I felt that the ending left you with absolutely no answers.  Aside from the fact that there is no way I would be married, with a child, after my ex-soon-to-have-been fiance was thought to be dead.  Maybe, I would be in a serious relationship by then, but not married.  And what was up with the very end of this movie?  Did Chuck go make a new friend?  Maybe I'm just not getting it, but I wasn't the only one.
078401213X|5.0|I gave this one five stars because it was so imaginative.  If you are not into indie films, however, you may find it to be boring (some of my friends have).  I like it quite a bit though.  A guy uses the hebrew torrah to try and figure out an algorithm to the stock market and to solve Pi. It's a great concept, and it's a very tense movie.  It's complicated and can be somewhat confusing.  You'll love it if you like to think, but if you want alot of action you'll have to stick with crap like &quot;Gladiator.&quot;
B00004XOWM|3.0|When I first picked up this album I thought it was good, but the more I listened to it the more I realized that it wasn't all that inspired. While I thought Significant Other was a step forward, this was a step back. Granted there are still some catchy tunes and riffs(Wes Borland is still damn good) but nothing really stands out. The problem maybe the lyrics. Some of Fred's rants don't really seem to lead us anywhere we haven't gone on the first two albums. Another problem is it seems like he says f*ck just as kind of a filler(ex. &quot;Hot Dog&quot; where he says he just said f*ck for the 46th time). In an era of wannabes these guys need to be better than everyone else. Which means the next album they put out better be a hell of a lot better. If you liked the first two albums, by all means pick this up. Just don't expect anything all that different.
B000002GFC|5.0|This Cd covers the band's very brief but extraordinary career. Cream was made up of three super talented musicians, Jack Bruce, Eric Clapton and Ginger Baker. Formed in 1966, They were the first of what later became known as a &quot;Super Group&quot; and also the first Power trio in rock.Although their stint was very short lived indeed (1966-68), Cream left an impact on the Rock world that is still felt to this day.Songs such as White room and Sunshine of your love still hold out thirty-plus years later.Every one knows of Eric Clapton and what he has done for music, but the other two musicians were just as important to the success and the sound of the band. Ginger Baker is in my opinion one of the greatest drummers of all-time and Jack Bruce is with out a doubt one of the Greatest(And most underrated) bassists and vocalists in rock history.This Cd is a must for any Cream fan and anyone who appreciates great music.
B00004LN16|5.0|I went to my first AC/DC concert in March for the Stiff Upper Lip Tour and we were blown away. So what if they're old? They sure don't act like it on stage and they put on a better show than most bands. Brian J being swung out over the crowd on a huge bell durring Hells Bells and Angus, well, just being himself, running up and down the stage and rocking out while being raised 15 feet in the air on a platform, they put on a great show and I can't wait till they come back. I think this is there best album since Flick Of The Switch and it has many great song, like Satellite Blues, Meltdown, Hold Me Back, Come And Get It, and the title track. Now all I need is a Stiff Upper Lip Tour CD or DVD and i'll be set.
6304109318|5.0|When I first saw this film at the video store I wasn't sure if I should rent it. Especially since it didn't hit the theatres. I was glad I did though. This is a excellent film. Julia Roberts adds lots of spice to it. Shes sexy &amp; mysterious. Definitely a good late night flick.
0790740443|5.0|Soldier is a rare experience that is far more than the plot, which has been outlined by the editorial comments.  This is a journey taken by a strong warrior into his own humanity.  I cannot even count the number of times that I have watched this movie, but I know it is more than twenty.  I see more each time.<br />Kurt Russell's extraordinary and powerful acting skills make Sergeant Todd real.  Successfully creating a character without dialogue is an art -- and he mastered it.  This movie provides insight into today's violent world as well.<br />Todd has known nothing but war or training since he was born.  He was conscripted in the hospital; he never knew love, or laughter, or how to play.  He obeyed orders and did not speak unless spoken to.  The perfect soldier could not have emotions.  If the only way to kill an enemy was to kill innocent victims, then he did what was required.<br />Todd is the best soldier of the &quot;old timers,&quot; and he has been bested a new, genetically engineered soldier.  One of the most poignant scenes is on the world where he was dumped for dead.  The survivors that created a life on Arcadia are nervous to have a soldier in their midst, and ask Todd why he is there alone.  He stands, no expression on his faces, and says, &quot;I was replaced by a better soldier, Sir.&quot;<br />Although he acknowledges that he is no longer good enough to be a soldier, as his body heals he works to grow stronger and returns to the training rituals that have ruled his entire life.  As he sees the interaction in the group that saved him, he is conflicted by emotions that he never experienced.  When asked what he thought about, he says, &quot;Fear.  Fear and training.&quot;<br />It is extremely painful for him to be exiled from these people because he is too strong, and his violent training is too dangerous.  He does not understand what he feels.  This is my favorite scene.  He is alone in his exile, sitting in a concrete drainpipe with tears running down his face.  He wipes the tears away, and with the skill of a great actor, Russell shows that he does not even know what they are.<br />The arrogant commander of the new soldiers considers Arcadia the perfect first &quot;war.&quot;  Anyone on the planet was considered hostile.  Three soldiers attacked the small group, killing without provocation.  They have no hope until Todd returns and saves the group.  When he is asked what he would do, he says,  &quot;Kill them all, Sir.&quot;  He will not let the group help him because &quot;A soldier deserves a soldier.&quot;<br />Good writing means that the hero must have an enemy equal to his abilities, and this has great writing.  In facing the final soldier, Todd's intelligence wins the battle.<br />I am passionate about this movie.  The acting, plot, special effects, and depth earn five stars.<br />Victoria Tarranidown his face.  He wipes the tears away, and with the skill of a great actor, Russell shows that he does not even know what they are.<br />The arrogant commander of the new soldiers considers Arcadia the perfect first &quot;war.&quot;  Anyone on the planet was considered hostile.  Three soldiers attacked the small group, killing without provocation.  They have no hope until Todd returns and saves the group.  When he is asked what he would do, he says,  &quot;Kill them all, Sir.&quot;  He will not let the group help him because &quot;A soldier deserves a soldier.&quot;<br />Good writing means that the hero must have an enemy equal to his abilities, and this has great writing.  In facing the final soldier, Todd's intelligence wins the battle.  <br />I am passionate about this movie.  The acting, plot, special effects, and depth earn five stars.  <br />Victoria Tarrani
6305311463|1.0|Even the folks who rated this a 5 admit to it being a dumb movie.  Go figure.
B000001EUL|5.0|THIS WAS THE FIRST ALBUM THAT INTRODUCED GUITARIST MATTHIAS JABS TO THE SCORPIONS FORMULA AND HE TURNS OUT TO BE A PERFECT FIT. RUDOLF SCHENKER'S BROTHER MICHAEL CONTRIBUTES TO THE MIX MAKING LOVEDRIVE A TRIPLE THREAT GUITAR SHOWCASE. THE SOUND OF THE SCORPIONS WAS BECOMING MORE MELODIC YET IT RETAINED THE HARD CRUNCH OF PAST EFFORTS. THE MUSIC ROCKS WITH A DIGNITY THAT THE BAND WOULD LOSE AS THEY  EVENTUALLY ENTERED INTO THE REALMS OF SELL OUT COMMERCIAL METAL. THIS ALBUM HAS ALL THE GOODS FROM THE FRANTIC NEAR SPEED METAL THRASHINGS OF &quot;ANOTHER PIECE OF MEAT&quot; TO THE MENACING SLOW BURN INSTRUMENTAL OF &quot;COAST TO COAST&quot;...BOTH SONGS FEATURE THE AWESOME INVENTIVE FRETWORK OF MICHAEL SCHENKER AS HE TAKES THE LEADS. &quot;ALWAYS SOMEWHERE&quot; IS A POWER BALLAD WITH RESPECTABILITY THAT RETAINS AN INNER INTENSITY FROM THE FIRST NOTE TO THE LAST AND FEATURES MATTHIAS JABS ON LEAD AS WELL AS KLAUS MEINE'S HEARTFELT OPERATIC VOCALS. &quot;I CAN'T GET ENOUGH&quot; IS A ROOF RAISING MIND MELTING METAL ASSAULT THAT DOES NOT LET UP WITH HAIR RAISING FRANTIC LEADS AND MALICIOUS DEMONIC VOCAL SCREAMS. THE ALBUM CONCLUDES WITH THE MEDITATIVE MAJESTIC BEAUTY OF &quot;HOLIDAY&quot; WHICH FEATURES MULTI VOCAL HARMONIES AND SOME SPLENDID ACOUSTIC FARE. METAL AT ITS FINEST. O.F.
0783241569|5.0|I saw this movie the first time and wasn't as impressed as I thought I might be. Then I bought it and watched it again and now claim it among my favorites. It's a comedy with lots of laughter and plenty of moments of masterful acting.  You'll grow to love the group of friends who face adversity leaning on each other's shoulders. There is a moment or two where you actually even feel pity for them. Watch it again and again, you'll fall in love with it.
630419143X|5.0|I bought this video for my grandson who is 2-1/2 years old and was born in Spain.  He doesn't speak Spanish, but I want him to learn with me.  He knows the English Version by heart.  So he understands the Spanish Version.  I was very impressed that this Spanish dubbing was so well done, including the songs.  We have watched the movie a couple of times already and have thoroughly enjoyed this version.  I would highly recommend this version to anyone who speaks Spanish or wants to learn.
6304109318|4.0|This movie is a little criptive for my taste, but Julia gave a wonderful performance. It reaches to the depth of her unending talent as an artist.  The movie keeps you in wonderment and doesn't exactly end as you would have it to, which gives it an interesting twist.
B00000IAU3|5.0|Dido is simply incredible. Her unique voice is relaxing and calming. I can't imagine anyone not liking dido. Dido is really for everyone whether you're into rock music or classical music. For example, I, a Limp Bizkit and Blink 182 fan consider Dido one of the greatest singers. There is not one song on this cd that i don't like. they are all unique and emotional, I've even cried while listening to some of the sadder songs. Dido's song THANKYOU has an awesome beat and great lyrics. THANKYOU is also in Eminem's song STAN, Dido and Eminem (although it sounds odd) are fabulous singing together. This is perfect for listening to after a hard day, it will cheer you up.  Trust me, this cd is certainly worth buying. DIDO ROX!
B00003CXFU|5.0|This movie leaves you rooting for Julia Roberts, despite her sometimes smutty mouth. She leads a crusade to help small town people who have suffered needlessly at the hands of a large corporation. She doesn't really have time to fall in love, but she gives it a try. You'll find yourself wanting to open doors for this gutsy lady who dresses like she's about to step out on the corner and solicit herself.  This is a Juila we haven't seen before, but you'll be glad you did.
0802136834|5.0|This is one of my all time favorite books...and I'm a voracious reader.  This was the first Tudor period history book I ever read, and now I'm hooked.  It gives a wonderful overview of the personalities and politics surrounding each wife.  It's almost seven books in one, since it gives a biography of each wife and Henry VIII as well. By the time the author is finished, you have a very clear impression of each woman's character.  If you're on the fence about whether or not to get this book, go for it.  You won't regret it.
B00005JCA9|4.0|NOT your typical romantic comedy.  A SMART film instead of one with predictable plot and dialogue.  Hugh Grant is adorable, his roommate is a scream.  (Do I even need to mention Julia's performance, which is of course, great.)  Very enjoyable story and characters.  A notable, funny cameo, and the best part - a movie that tells you how it ends up!!
B00005BL2A|5.0|As with most of DM's work, you definitely won't hear much of \\"Exciter\\" on mainstream radio. Musically, DM gets deeper into its own style while lyrically making a dissertation of the emotion love. \\"Exciter\\" is an evolving story from the first track to the last.<br />Just like the \\"Black Celebration\\" album was an evolution from darkness to light, \\"Exciter's\\" lyrics start with a yearning for love and flesh in an adolescent fashion and evolve into a deeper understanding of the emotion. It's impressive how each track brings into focus a single chapter of the larger story, yet no two are alike.<br />The sound is unmistakably DM, but like any band that has been around for more than a few albums, their style evolves and matures from the unique sound that made them famous into something far more sophisticated and even cerebral. Only 2 tracks in Exciter are fast tempo, but none are really slow enough to be called ballads. &quot;I Feel Loved&quot; (track 9) is a candidate for your local club, but it's the only track of that genre. The production in the whole album is crisp and dynamic, which is surprising given the depth and richness of the bass. They've finally discovered the bass drum!!! Yeah, okay, so I like it.<br />A must for any DM fan. Expect a bit of a &quot;Violator&quot; vibe, while musically it is completely original from anything you've heard by DM - which is the idea when you put out a new album. They nailed this one.
B00003CXAA|1.0|I've wanted the Godfather DVD ever since I bought my player.  One and Two are among my favorite movies of all time.  But Coppola made a lousy movie with Three and now he wants us to pay for it.  I mean its a shame his kid can't act worth a dime (have you seen her in anything before or since?) but why pick our pockets for it.  So that leaves us paying at least 75 bucks for 2 (albeit great) movies.  Please, we've all waited this long, wait a little longer and they'll have no choice but to split them up and we can all buy the movies we want rather than having an aweful movie cramed into our collections.
B00005ARDC|4.0|I first saw BRMC in St. Louis when they were opening for the Dandy Warhols (If you're a Dandies fan, you must own this).  They started playing before we were even let in, and when the double doors opened, this wall of fuzz and melody his us, and we were hooked.  I immediately went out and got it as soon as I could.<br />  For three men, they put out a lot of sound. Comparisons to Jesus and Mary Chain are pretty close, although BRMC has a bluesier, more agressive drive than older JMC albums.  The vocals never rise above conversation level, which makes it very intimate and is perfect for headphones at night.  While some songs drift into repetition, this is an extremely solid and worthwhile album to own, especially if you're into headphone rock.
B000001EGE|4.0|This was originally released in LP form in 1972. This recording is a remastered effort, which I bought recently. I absolutely ADORE &quot;Mona Lisas and Mad Hatters.&quot; &quot;Rocket Man&quot; and &quot;Salvation&quot; both win big with their swinging jazz/rock piano melodies. EJ did it again!
B000058T5E|3.0|THIS IS ONE OF JEFF BECKS BEST DISC FROM START TO FINISH BUT IT IS ONLY 35 MINUTES LONG. I LOVE THE VERSION OF ROLLIN &amp; TUMBLIN.I WOULD GIVE THIS DISC A 4 1/2 IF IT WAS LONGER.
0525457585|4.0|Micheal Ende wrote a fantastic book. (Taking place in the land of &quot;Fantastica&quot; no less.) It's no wonder this book was made into THREE (poorly done) movies. It's not only great for children, but I reread recently, and it's still great. The story is richly told, with plenty of detail for the imaginative and the &quot;believers&quot; in miracles. Great book!
B000050XEI|5.0|I discovered Enya's new CD a few weeks ago and will probably wear it out at the frequency I'm playing it.  My favorite track is Only Time but I love the entire CD.  It has a relaxing, airy quality.  I alternate between A Day Without Rain and the Moulin Rouge soundtrack (also great).
B00005B4GU|5.0|Radiohead have been at the cutting edge of music for some time now and with their move to rock fused electronica of late, they are cementing themselves in music history as innovators and not just one dimensional rock musicians. The success of The Bends and OK Computer has allowed them to experiment with new sound and production; they seem to be putting this money to good use as they have released what is another pushing-the-boundaries album.<br />The variety of sounds, styles and influences on this album is extraordinary. From samples and eclectic electronic sounds to their more typically renound guitar, piano and lyrical brilliance. Radiohead have continued with the added dimension of complex sound mixing, excellent bass and voice altered soundover. Thoms voice as always is fragile yet powerful, combining smoothly with the bands sound.<br />There is not a weak link in this chain of great tracks. Some might find the unusual sound of &quot;Pulk/Pull Revolving Doors&quot; and &quot;Like Spinning Plates&quot; a little too much, but they just show the bands outrageous talent to push the envelope. &quot;Pyramid Song&quot;, &quot;You And Whose Army?&quot;, &quot;I Might Be Wrong&quot;, &quot;Knives Out&quot; and &quot;Dollars And Cents&quot; are all awesome songs. But, for me, the best song on the album is the last one &quot;Life In A Glasshouse&quot;, with its 1920's feel horn and clarinet melody, mixed with jazzy flute and piano, and Thoms magical lyric voiceover, this track completes this masterpiece of an album showcasing the true diversity and talent of Radiohead.<br />Its easy to want album after album of OK Computer or The Bends quality rock, but that would be too easy and straight for Radiohead, who seem hell bent on exposing us to new and experimental sound, keeping themselves at the forefront. No other band is quite like Radiohead. A must buy!
B00005BJ2O|5.0|Although I loved Moulin Rouge, the idea of this review is not to review that movie, it is to respond to someone else's review. And that person is Starr from California. First of all, she wrote in her review that in the song Lady Marmalade, singer Pink grunted &quot;uh uh uh uh&quot; when the singers are all called to have little solos. Pink does not do this at all, it is rapper Lil Kim who grunts.  And she is a rapper, so she cannot sing loudly like the rest of the singers.  Grunting and going &quot;uh uh uh uh&quot; may not concide exactly with Starr's favorite kind of music, but she (or he) should learn her facts before publicly annoucing her dislike for someone's music.  Thank you for letting me say my opinion.
B00003CXC7|5.0|Alfred Hitchcock's &quot;Rear Window&quot; is one of the best movies he has ever made. The new restored version is perfect. The picture is excellent, the sound is perfect, and the movie is the best. Grace Kelly and James Stewart are the best couple. The set for this movie is the coolest set anybody will see in a movie. I recommend this movie to everybody that likes suspense. If you are going to buy this film, get the DVD, it has an hour long Documentary, which shows how it was made and about the actors and actresses, and the people that worked on the film. If you have a DVD-ROM you can print out the entire movie Script.
B000002UJQ|5.0|You will not feel let down if you buy this album.I may be just a tourist be i feel lucky and privileged to own such an album. This album oozes class like Michael Jordan, Don Bradman and Pele' rolled into one. Paranoid Android is such an immense track it has taken six months of getting over the shock of listening to it for the first time. They say music is the food of love, so if that is true Radiohead are the nectar of the Gods. I would quite literally be climbing up the walls if someone were to take this album away from me. No surprises they say you will be surprised if you listen to this album. This album still gets better with every listen and i just can't stop playing it. If you don't like  this in the words of Thom 'I hope that you choke, that you choke'. Vote Radiohead.
0792839730|5.0|I can easily recall the Summer of 1976. This Summer marked the making of A Bridge To Far in my hometown Deventer. A city situated 20 miles North from the location the film actually takes place. During this Summer I was in town every day as the crew was shooting evrywhere. I was there all the time with my parents and brother especially the nite they set the actual IJSSEL BRIDGE over the river Ijssel (doubling for the Arnhem Bridge) on fire on June 17 was a night to remember. It was breathtaking. The cast of the film is unbelievable. these days a film with a similar cast would be unpayable. Hopkins, Connery, Caan to name a few were there and I looked at them and years later I actually realise I saw all these stars in my hometown. Eating in the restaurants where we ate, walking in the streets I still walk these days. It is a great piece in my memory. Maybe that's why I really love this film as I remember seeing it being filmed. The DVD lacks a making of but The Making Off is in my head and when I look in my scrapbooks of newspaper reels and to the original film reels and stills I have, that were simply thrown away on the spot, it all comes back. It is a very underrated masterpiece that should be in the collection of any serious DVD collector! At least rent it, you'll have a very enjoyable evening watching this classic!
B000006OS2|1.0|I love this movie and I was hoping for a good DVD version which wouldn't get tired like VHS. WRONG.  The quality of the cut is very poor, with many white and dark bits flashing and hanging around on the screen, similar to VHS drop-outs and a dirty film projector.  While some of the sceens are sharp many look like a third generation VHS copy. Even all of that could be forgiven, or at least tollerated, for the inexpensive price I paid, but this movie screams for widescreen, or at least a good pan and scan, this cut has a fixed center frame, often with two noses or a nose and an ear talking to each other!!!  I have an old, tired, VHS cut, with minutes missing, but a good pan and scan which I took off broadcast TV and will continue to watch instead of this DVD.
B00000253N|5.0|Dylan's Blood On The Tracks remains one of the most poignant and enduring albums of the confessional singer/songwriter era. Rarely before or since has Dylan wore his emotions this openly on his sleeve, and it is something to behold. It's not direct confessional songwriting, as some of the songs focus on dialogue and wordplay, but this is still obviously a very personal album. Songs like If You See Here, Say Hello, Shelter From The Storm, and Buckets of Rain are great songs of this type. Tangled Up In Blue and Idiot Wind are two undisputed classics that focus on the same subjects, with truly great lyrics and hardly subtle wordplay. Many would say this is Dylan's best overall album, and it's a good place to start if you haven't any of his albums.
B000002MP2|5.0|Yes, they've sold millions of records, but so what? Green Day is still a great band, and Dookie is a great album. Green Day took the inane lyrics of the Ramones, and the pop-punk sounds of the Buzzcocks and Descendents and created a fun, loud, punk album with a sound of the band's own. &quot;Burnout,&quot; &quot;Chump,&quot; and &quot;She&quot; are all great, fast, three-chord punk tunes. Unlike the slew of cookie-cutter punk bands with tired riffs and incredibly stupid lyrics, Green Day can be fun without annoying immaturity and can write more &quot;mature&quot; songs without sounding forced. &quot;Welcome To Paradise&quot; captures the pain of leaving home and setting out on your own in a rough town. &quot;Emenius Sleepus&quot; talks about growing up and thus growing apart from a longtime friend, something that lots of people (including me) can relate to. &quot;Pulling Teeth&quot; deals with an abusive girlfriend while the hit &quot;Basket Case&quot; is an anthem for when you think you're losing your mind. With &quot;When I Come Around,&quot; Green Day showed that they were capable of writing a great pop tune. I listen to The Clash, Minor Threat, Fugazi, Sonic Youth, Descendents, Bad Brains, Buzzcocks, Pixies, Husker Du, etc., and I still like Dookie. It's not the greatest punk record, and Green Day is not the greatest punk band. But Dookie is a great album, and that's all that matters.
B00005AFVR|5.0|One of his best &quot;Live&quot; albums yet - if you haven't got any of his pre-River bootlegs.
0553106635|3.0|I surrender - I couldn't get through this volume.  After devouring Books 1 &amp; 2, I was eager to immerse myself in Book 3.  But the death, misery, horror, cruelty, despair, and mercilessness is too much.  I love you George, but there's no escapism here, not a scintilla. I know escapism is &quot;out&quot; these days, but have some pity on your readers!
B000002BFL|5.0|Listening to this album feels like eavesdropping on a solitary mourner, who whispers tales of loss to the vacant sky on a starless night.  It is quiet, intense and riveting.
B00005B4GU|5.0|I'm not going to pretend that I know what the band's aim was with this album. Nor am I going to compare it to it's counterparts. The only concievable way to justify comparing Amnesiac to any other Radiohead album is if they all sounded the same. They obviously do not. This CD however, continues with the radiohead tradition of exploring new musical styles. I'm not at all let down by this release. The first time I listened I felt a bit like some of the previous reviewers, by the third time I really was able to appriciate all the thought that went into this. It is just a hauntingly beautiful album start to finish. <br />PS the limited edition version is awesome.
014100018X|4.0|Chocolat was delicious!  Light fare but good story.  Great summer reading.  The chocolate descriptions made my mouth water. Liked it a lot.
B000002H8F|5.0|That's how good the Pixies were. Even their &quot;worst&quot; album is amazing. Out of all the Pixies studio albums, Bossanova is my least favorite, and I still really enjoy it. Surfer Rosa and Come On Pilgrim were more raw and unconventional, Doolittle is untouchable, and Trompe Le Monde was more unpolished, but Bossanova still has lots of great songs. &quot;Velouria&quot; alone is reason enough to buy this album. &quot;Rock Music&quot; is a great song to scream to, &quot;All Over The World&quot; is very good, and &quot;Dig For Fire&quot; is a Pixies' favorite of mine. On Bossanova, the sound is more polished than their previous efforts and the conventional sound of some of the songs (&quot;Dig For Fire&quot; and &quot;Allison&quot; come to mind) can be shocking at first. But the Pixies, in my opinion, never released a bad album. Actually they never released an album below a 9 out of 10 in my opinion. So even though I might not enjoy Bossanova like their other albums, I still really, really like it.
B00003CXRP|5.0|Well how do you feel after seeing this movie?  I felt great to be able to talk to normal people, I know if I went through this ordeal I would never be the same.<br />I just got my copy on DVD and I am very happy to have all the extras that come with it, I'll let you into a secret the DVD so far isn't Enhanced Region Encoded so you Aussie might want to snap up a copy while they last.
1573226521|4.0|I saw the movie. I thought that it was pretty decent. I did not know that it was a novel, but when I found out I had to read it.  It's easy to dismiss the Leo-factor since Richard in the book is English not American, and dark with dark hair. It's easy to dismiss the cheesy romance factor, because hardly any of those things happened in the book. It was more like a fan of Vietnam movies and video games personal vacation. The ending was a bit more intense than the movie, at at least that's what I thought. It was a very good read, not overly descriptive, and there is hardly a dull moment. Whatever you do don't think of the movie when you're reading it, and you'llenjoy it.
B0000004V2|5.0|man, what a great album.  everything i type has already been said - things like &quot;i never get tire of it&quot; and &quot;pure pop brilliance&quot; - but all these things are true.  so, instead, let me just say that this album invaded my life in every way when i discovered it in 1990.  ian brown's voice made me long for travel and pretty girls.  squire's guitar made me wish i could play (i've sort of learned since).  and reni's drums just made me want to move.  i dressed like these guys.  i wore out 3 cassette tapes in 4 years.  i turned on countless friends to this album.  it is such a huge part of how i grew up, and such an influence on the music i write for myself today.<br />on a weekly basis, i dream about these guys getting back together.  but until then, we have this ethereal, masterful, spacey and melodic collection of songs.
B00000IPAX|3.0|I listen to this one over and over again, but a lot of you will agree that their style is too pop on this album.  Yeah, there's the whole debate about, are they considered punk band or not, etc, etc, etc, but that's not the issue I'm attacking, it's that they sound better when they DO sound more rockish.<br />I listened to Enema after hearing songs like \\"What' s My Age Again,\\" and then one day on a bus ride my friend had Dude Ranch and I started listening to that.<br />Their style on Dude Ranch is definitely more punk rock- geared, and I think that's the way they should be; they should concentrate on bringing out their sound more instead of acting like college freshmen and making a spoof out of everything.  <br />However, as for reviewing Enema, I like \\"Adam's Song\\" best, I think it shows their musical talent overall without aimless immaturity or gross sexual innuendos, and they don't sound like a high-pitched boy band on it.  I wish there were more songs like that on Enema.  <br />The music is catchy; \\"All the Small Things\\" is a favorite of mine.  But pointless songs like \\"Dumpweed and \\"The Party Song\\" are just a waste of time.<br />Listen to the end of \\"Dysentery Gary\\" when he gets all frustrated...It cracks me up every time.<br />As for their  humor,  you gotta love it and it works well when used the right way;  but I hope their next album is more of what they're really capable of.
0385484518|5.0|I have had teachers that treat me in the monor that Morrie Schwartz, treated mitch.  I truelly loved this story.  What makes it so much more real and touching is that the story is true.  I think that it takes a lot to write a story or even make a movie of something this painful, death may happen all the time, but it still hurts.  I think that this is a truely moving story of a teacher and student, and how they showed each other how you learn and teach with roles reversed.<br />For someone who took sociology and liked it I think I would have liked morrie as my teacher.  Mitch you are truley blessed to know this man.  I give you 5 stars for this book!
B00003CXMG|5.0|This movie is fits in every genre possible without it being a complete mess, and it works so perfectly. THe story, which centers around a 15 year old who writes for Rolling Stone, is very interesting, and even more intriguing when you know that this story is based on the Director's life. The music is way cool, and captures the era well. Francis McDormand is very outstanding as the know all mom who has to deal with her growing son. Billy Crudup is great as the guitarist/star of the ficticious band: Stillwater. The movie is worth the price itself, but the DVd contains many interesting extras like articles written by Cameron Crowe back when he was kid, that were published in Rolling Stone. There's a making of documentar that's standard and interesting. There's also a cool Stillwater video. If you are &quot;iffy&quot; about buying this forget it, and just by it, it's got it all.
B00004Z459|5.0|When I first heard \\"One Step Closer\\", I was thinking, \\"What the heck?  Did Fred Durst leave Limp Bizkit?\\"  Chester Bennington sounds just like Fred, but that's a good thing.  The song started to grow on me, and I started to like Linkin Park.  But it wasn't until I saw the video for \\"Crawling\\" when I told myself I had to have \\"Hybrid Theory\\".  I fell in LOVE with Linkin Park as soon as I got the opportunity to crack open the case and listen to the CD.  There are great tracks on this CD such as \\"Papercut\\", which has the easy emceeing of Mike Shinoda, and \\"In The End\\", which I cried to when I first heard it.  Other good songs would include \\"Points of Authority\\", (of course) \\"Crawling\\" and \\"One Step Closer\\", and \\"A Place For My Head\\".  That is my absolute favorite song on the CD.  I highly recommend that you purchase this CD.  It won't let you down...even if you have to pay a good $... for \\"Hybrid Theory\\", it's worth every penny.
B000002J7U|5.0|Just buy this album , put it in your CD player and enjoy in this peacfuly and grandious songs.It is very memoriable album full with calm and  meditative songs like 'Voices,Come To Me,P.S,Ask The Mountains,Prelude,Messages and Dream in the Open Place'. There is a lot of gentle piano played in this album with many calm synthisizer sounds,coverd vith beautiful voice section on 1-st ,2-nd,3-rd,5-th,7-th and 8-th track. Good work Vangelis
0385335482|5.0|This book hit pretty frighteningly close to home but it still made me laugh out loud.  Very light reading along the lines of &quot;Bridget Jones&quot; but quite entertaining.  Reading about shopping has never been so much fun--I want to go shopping with this woman!!!  The ending seemed a little too perfect but how else could it end without being too depressing?  I highly recommend this book to anyone who has read and enjoyed Bridget Jones and the books of Marian Keyes.
B00003CXRP|5.0|Having just watched Cast Away for the first time, I am left numbed, speechless, and a little down. Don't get me wrong, if a movie leaves me like this it means it's a hell of a good movie. When I'm left in this disposition I am always at my most thoughtful.  Cast Away for those of you who don't know, and to be honest I didn't know much about it previously, is a powerful story which tugs hard at the emotions of even the most hardened movie goers.  It's the story of Chuck Nolan, a succesful Fed Ex System's Analyser who's job it is to travel the world in a bid to strengthen the reputation of the company. To cut a long story fairly short, his work is demanding. So demanding in fact that he at times neglects the relationship he has with his girlfriend. One Christmas Day he's called away suddenly on important business, and whilst flying over the Pacific is involved in a plane crash from which he survives.<br />The rest you will surely find out for yourselves. Dialogue after this point is few and far between, Hanks' particular relationship that he forms with a Volley Ball of all things is one of the most defining elements of this movie - you may laugh if you haven't yet seen it, but an actor has far, far gone beyond the call of duty when he gets the audience to care about an inanimate object. It's a tale of isolation, 4 years of isolation in fact, 4 years without human interaction - his only inspiration to perservere being a photograph of his beloved girlfriend.<br />There are some fantastically directed scenes in this movie which will force you to choke back tears - ironically, the most significant one being when he loses &quot;Wilson&quot; the volley ball. Interestingly, we see how, on Chuck's return, society is so willing to neglect it's new cast away. The only bad point I can possibly think of would be the BIG ADVERT for Fed Ex, but then again it adds an element of reality.  If you buy one DVD this year, make sure you get this.
B000001Y79|5.0|Tragic Kingdom is a great Cd and I can listen to the whole thing. No track skipping. It's cool because some of the songs make me wanna jump around a whole lot and then when I hit my head on my little ceiling I can cool off to some of their smoother songs. Now those are the Cd's that everybody needs. IT's a classic cd that everbody needs.... And Gwen Stefani has the best vocals ever. Snootch.
B00000K0DT|5.0|I just finished watching this film for the second time and I must say that it is one of the absolute best movies I've ever seen. The entire cast gives a fantastic performance, and the non-stop plot will twist you into a pretzel. An absolute must in any movie library. This is truly a 5 star film.
0399230033|5.0|We got this book from my step-father-in-law and my son loves this book so much he has to read it everynight. He giggles and laughs everytime he reads it. My son learned how to spell &quot;Zoo&quot; from reading this book. I highly recommend this book to all parents. A great book to have.
630451087X|4.0|In a single word, this movie is: UNBORN.
B00005BJC7|2.0|Yes this is the good guys of radiohead that made Kid A, even though you can find really nice jewels such as Knives out (definitely a really cool song), pyramid song or you and whose army? wich have nice textures along with the atmospheric music........COME ON!! WHERE THE HELL ARE THE GUITARS?!?!?!?! There is 3 guitar players (including Thom of course) a bass player and a drummer....come on this album could have made by thom york in his most drugged and weird moments, I can't think of a dang thing like this they could made together...and well, they promised this album to be the &quot;real&quot; album with a more guitar driven music...well....IT'S NOT, it's just the same choking electronic crap atmosphere, I don't really know how can someone claim themselves as radiohead fans from the first CD if PAblo Honey or EVEN Ok COmputer have nothing to do with this crap.....so if you are an electronic music fan..get this damn CD it will be nice..if you are a good old radiohead fan that expects that really awesome guitar combinations and riffs...forget it..I think we will wait a couple of more CD's before the band get their feet on the ground.
B000021XR5|4.0|In an industry dominated by N'Sync, Britney Spears, The Backstreet Boys, Destiny's Child, and a whole assortment of cut rate, whiny, teeniebopping, zit-faced, bratty, Blink 182-type bands, Stone Temple Pilots stand alone as talented musicians. Their music is more than just open chords on 7-string guitars or generic, computerized drumbeats, it's soulful. In my opinion STP is the only worthy rock band of the 90's. Of course you've got a bunch of has-beens like Aerosmith or Pearl Jam, but STP continues to grow as a band, which is why they continue to sell records.
0944379044|5.0|When you read this book, you can understand why Hitler started the WWII.  This book was written by Hitler, after WWI, while he was jailed.  You must read this book with an open mind, because it explains, with details, the origin of hate Hilter felt to the jewish and russians.  If youre a lover on History, you must read this book.
B000059PPN|2.0|Let's start by saying I am a huge fan of City of the Living Dead and the Beyond.  So even thought I have never seen this movie, I bought it...mistake.  This does not have a fraction of the atmosphere as the for mentioned films.  And while I don't mind the thing we overlook in a Fulci movie (lack of concrete plot, bad acting, awful dubbing) where was the monster(s)?  It's like watching a Godzilla movie where the monsters are only in the last five minutes of the film after watching an hour and a half of nonsense!  And the DVD....  While the print is clean I have to say that Anchor Bay's job is a shadow of what they did on the films I mention above.  The sound is 2.0!  I was going to pre-order Anchor Bay's Demons/Demons 2, but after the job they did on this...no way.
B00005B36H|3.0|Okay, this is the album that i thought would renew my faith in 21st Century rock.  I thought that after 5 years Tool would come out with with something fresh and devestating... but they didn't.  People are so full of praise for tool because they have 'their own sound', the problem is: that it is their only sound.  Tool have become their own worst enemy as far as creativity goes because here is an album where the same guitar tones, the same chords, the same song structures occur over and over...  Even the most fluid songs on this album seem forced, it's almost as if Tool have to keep reminding themselves &quot;We're an intelligent rock band&quot;.   This is a very subjective topic I know, but I like a band to evolve with every album to the point where after 3 albums they sound sonically and emotionaly detatched from the band who made the 1st.  Others like a band to stick to their guns and essentially that is what tool have done here. The trouble being , it's just getting a little trite.
B00003CXRM|5.0|When O Brother came into theaters last year I thought it looked pretty cool. But when the critics started trashing it, I decided that I was going to wait untill it came to DVD.This Friday while at work,I got pretty interested in the film when I saw that the DVD's were selling like hotcakes. So I said what the heck and bought the last one. Boy were the critics wrong! This is a superb movie. It is rich and vibrant with color along with humor and a great story. Since it was based on the Odyssey by Homer, (which we read in Englis class), I found it fun figuring out who all the charachters were. Not only is this film fun, clever, and exciting, but it also has a deeper, less notable undelaying theme mocking todays society. I hope you go out and buy this movie no matter what anybody says. The only problem with this film is some of the charachtor's southern accents are hard to understand (me being from connecticut and all) so I had to turn on the sub-titles one in a while. But otherwise A damn good movie. I learned only one thing out of all of this. Screw the critics, just go with your gut feeling.
B00005B36H|5.0|This is the best album Tool has released to date. What makes this there best album is that every song is equally great and the amount of musical changes that each song goes through. This album came at the right time. It shows what REAL MUSIC is all about, not stupid rap/metal bands playing rehashed Black Sabbath riffs and shouting a bunch of catch phrases while doing a completely moronic dance to it.
081541028X|4.0|In &quot;Carrying the Fire&quot; Michael Collins has given us a very unusual picture of the manned space program: a human and a humble one. While many of the astronaut autobiographies have been marred by shameless self-promotion (&quot;Off the Planet&quot; by Jerry Linnenger, or &quot;The Last Man On the Moon&quot; by Gene Cernan to name two), Astronaut Collins gives real warmth to his coming of age in the Gemini and Apollo programs. He is surprisingly honest about his own anxieties and fears, as well as candid about his role as &quot;the one who didn't get to walk on the moon&quot; on Apollo 11. Offered command of a later lunar landing, Collins demured, both out of respect for his family and out of a fear of pushing his luck. Collins often comes off as cranky and irritable, but never lets you forget that he started as an &quot;outsider&quot; amd had to climb his way to the top of the Astronaut hierarchy. <br />I was especially impressed with his candid assessments of the other astronauts. <br />Overall, a great read. Not as dramatic as some other books of this type, but probably more honest.
0375418407|5.0|Political intrigue, action, mystery, suspense, this book has it all.  James Luceno is fast becoming one of the top writers in the SW universe.  Palpatine simpley shines in this novel as he subtly influnces everyone to do his bidding even though no one suspects him of doing so.  Even the Jedi council is at a loss on who is truly behind all the political upheavl.  This book clearly explains the reason behind the taxation in Ep, 1 and gives much needed backround developments.  It was refreshing to read or in this case listen to a SW book that didn't focus so much on the shoot-em-ups but on plot and character development.  Being a palpatine fan, i devoured this book and hope more in this style will be written.  The early years are truly worth reading about.  It was also exciting to see the members of the Jedi council get off their lazy behinds for once and take part in the action, though i didn't much care for a female version of Yoda.  This book is a must read if one is to fully grasp the events of Ep, 1 and the upcoming Ep, 2.  On a personal note however, this book demonstrates how flawed Return of the Jedi was even though I've seen it about 500 times.  Palpatine is such a master not just of power but of manipulation and strategy that it was hard to swallow the empires defeat, though the ending of the film is great. Random house audio once again did a superb production and Alexander Adams read the book nicely, even doing better with it then the previous one Edge of Victory 1, Conquest.  I can't wait to see more of Palpatine in action but alas I will have to settle for enjoying the next installment in the equally brillaint New Jedi Order series which is the next one up.  Highly recommended.
6302054982|5.0|A fanastic tale of Mafia life is incredible. the camera shots are state of the art and a large part of improvisation makes the film very real
B00004NRUM|4.0|All these reviews point to many aspects of this album...good or bad.  Plain and simple, this album is a triumph.  Musically, it is deeply textured and diverse, creating an atmosphere of sound that paints a vivid backdrop for the theme.  Vocally, Hogarth hits home.  He delivers the lyrical content with a true balance of emotion and power.  There are some parts that could be removed without missing them...but not enough to detract from the over all strenght of the album.  If you didn't see it in the initial Marillion albums with Hogarth, then this album, by far, punctuates the fact that this band is capable of so much more, leaving Fish behind.
B00005LB9O|5.0|I am madly in love with 'The Invisible Band'. Ever since day one, this album received mixed reviews. Some said it was a fantastic album to be listened to again and again. Others simply said that yes it was good, but not to listen to it too carefully, because it was shallow. Well, what a load of... what's that good ol' fashioned English word? Poppycock! What a load of poppycock! This album is without doubt Travis' strongest outing yet. Without one weak track whatsoever, this album just can't be faulted. The first five tracks including the first single `Sing' are absolutely superb, and although the quality does `sort of' tail off from there, it is still good all the way through, and you certainly won't find yourself getting bored anywhere in the album.  The majestic charm of `Flowers In The Window,' the sheer playability of `Sing,' the class of `Follow The Light,' and the pure quality of the rest make this album one to buy this year. `The Man Who' was one of the biggest selling albums of last year, and it was considered that if you didn't have it in your collection, then there was a  hole in your collection, type thing. Well, I can assure you that this album WILL be held in the same light as the second album.  If you're a music fan, you're a Travis fan. And if you're a Travis fan, \\"The Invisible Band\\" is a mandatory purchase. Oh goodness, I love it soo much! I ORDER you all to go out and buy this album IMMEDIATELY! Heh heh. &quot;...and it all boils down to the same old thing...&quot; Sheer class indeed. Okay, they may not be in the same class as my fav band of all time Queen, but hey, Queen were the greatest rock band of the 80's, arguably the best Rock band of all time, and are still going. They recently re-recorded &quot;We Are The Champions&quot; with my arch-nemesis Robbie Williams. Perhaps they could have chosen a slightly less egotistic singer, but even I will admit that he does have a great voice, perhaps not on a par with our own dear Freddie, but hey, who is?
B00005B4GU|5.0|Radiohead did what anybody who has ever seriously written music would have done there position.  After the release of OK Computer, a media blitz ensued with such force it sent the band into dis-array.  Thom would write a note for another two years.  As a result of the high profile and the mostly agreed upon genius of the album, a wave of Radiohead sound alikes flooded the market; Remy Zero, Kent, Coldplay, Travis...etc etc.  These bands gianed there momentum from the simple fact that Radiohead was mentioned in every review or comment made about these bands.  They were selling behind the strength of the ever coveted radiohead comparison.  So great was this phenomenon that Travis and Coldplay were outselling the very band that lent them the inspiration to write these albums. So why write another cleverly catchy guitar album when Travis had already done it?  Radiohead was doomed to drown in there own wake; unless they moved on.  They did move on, and now they offer something that these other bands cannot...yet...but I believe the cycle will continue, which will continue to Force Radiohead to either move on or become obsolete.  I prefer the former.
B00005A1PR|5.0|This is one of the best CDs I have heard in a long time. The entire CD is a JAM.  I love her versatile style. If you are looking for a little sumthin sumthin then you must add this one to your collection.  You won't regret it!
0679735909|3.0|Reading Byatt's Possession will make you feel like you are reading four different novels at once. In terms of style, there is no doubt it is in a category by itself -- this novel is one part biography, one part poetry, one part adventure, and one part romance. English majors will have fun studying Byatt's ability to write in varyiing styles in just one novel. However, in terms of plot, it is paper thin. It will make you wonder whether all the verbage is necessary to advance the plot. The main plot is about two long-dead poets whose letters to each other were discovered by one Roland Mitchell. To uncover the relationship, Roland seek out the help of Maud Bailey and the two went in search of undiscovered letters. Along the way they met a few characters who helped them get closer to the truth and the truth does get revealed at the end. There are a few interesting characters who weren't really fleshed out such as Val (in relations to Roland) and Fergus (in relations to Maud). It make you wonder what purpose they serve in the novel. For those who are more interested in plot than style, I would say to skip this behemoth novel and wait for the movie that will be out by the end of the year.
B00002Z88D|5.0|With the possible exception of Ride The Lightning (which I personally just didn't enjoy as much as other Metallica albums), Metallica's first four albums were basically metal masterpieces. Kill'em All was a wonderful first album, even if a bit on the immature side. Master of Puppets was the album where the band really took off, seemlessly blending thoughtful melodies with the speed and aggression that made Metallica famous, producing one fantastic thrash album. While And Justice For All only improved on Puppetz, using mature themes and amazing solos while pioneering the more &quot;riff driven&quot; style of music prominant in Metallica's later albums (listen to Blackened and you'll see what I mean). Then came the Black album, which unfortunately, did not live up to the standards set by the band's previous two albums. It wasn't so much the change in style as it was just the fact that the music didn't really seem as exciting or interesting. Then came Load, where I feel Metallica bounced back and gave me something that ranks next to MOP and Justice as their three best albums ever. I just couldn't force myself to dislike that album the way I feel at least 60% of these so called &quot;Former Fans&quot; do to prove how cool they think they are for listening only to speed/thrash metal. It's a good album to listen to when the sky is blue, there are almost no clouds in the sky, the sun's shining, and you're hanging out at the beach or anywhere in the outdoors. It certainly isn't James Hetfield's favorite Metallica album for nothing, you know. Then came ReLoad which, while good, just didn't have the excitement nor emotion of MOP, Justice, and Load. It was still a great album nonetheless, though. And with all these great albums Metallica released, a greatest hits collection was just what they needed. They &quot;sort of&quot; delivered with S&amp;M, playing some of their best known songs with the San Francisco Symphony Orchestra in the background.<br />Of course, this album still had its critics who even criticized their covers of &quot;older material&quot; but I have one question in response to that: Did Load's shift from E minor to E Flat Minor have something to do with your problems with new Metallica? I'm amazed nobody else seems to have complained about nor complemented this, especially since it was one of the first things I noticed when listening to Load and is prominant in the band's covers of both their older and newer songs on this CD, giving the older songs in particullar a more &quot;bluesy&quot; sound to them (Which I like). Otherwise, Metallica's covers of their preLoad music still have the raw power and aggression of their originals, while the San Francisco Symphony Orchestra only improves upon them by delivering a whole new sound these songs that is bound to make them sound fresh regardless of the fact that they're really nothing new. The best song cover (both 80's and 90's) IMO is Battery (I guess Metallica wanted to save the best for last on this CD). The amazing aggression and guitar work of one of my all time favorite Metallica songs is in full force here. While the San Francisco Symphony helps to breath new life into an already great song with its own version of the original's tear shedding accoustic intro and its amazing background music. Other excellent covers include Fuel, Nothing Else Matters, Call of Ktulu (which succeeded in turning what I thought was originally a mediocre instrumental into something truely great), and The Thing That Should Not Be. <br /> Unfortunately, two songs (Until It Sleeps and Devil's Dance) somehow just didn't sound right with the symphony orchestra IMO (They just aren't those types of songs that fit such a thing). I think they really should have left those songs off the setlist and played something like Orion, To Live is To Die, Sanitarium, or The God That Failed instead (which I feel would have made great symphonic orchestrations). <br />  The two new songs, Minus Human and No Leaf Clover, are unique in the sense that even without the symphony orchestra they (especially Clover) manage to mix the amazing guitar work of Puppets and Justice with the mood of Load creating two fantastic songs that are sure to have your head banging and hair standing in no time. The Solo in Clover is especially great, somehow sounding very similar to some of the solos in Metallica's preLoad albums.<br />So overall, I recommend this album to fans of both eighties and nineties Metallica. Most of the song choices are excellent. While the symphony orchestra once again helps to breath new life into what are already great songs.<br />P.S. Sorry for the rather long review.
B00003CXDZ|4.0|This was a beautifully created movie. Stunned again by ROMEO AND JULIET's Baz Luhrmann! A movie filled with messages of love and hate and such, Luhrmann created a masterpiece, a heartfelt story. In what was assumed to be a group of women dancing in trashy lingerie was an amazing poetic tale. Nicole Kidman and Ewan McGregor's overnite singing prodigies were astounding. I bought the soundtrack in a heartbeat. The scenes of song and dance truly told a story. The Moulin Rouge was like Heaven to some and Hell to others. Entering this French town and into the Moulin Rouge something was said about entering the underworld, how the people of the Moulin Rouge were the people of the underworld. With the humorous covers of songs the audience, including myself could not help but sing a long. I will admit, I was not dying to see this movie but I am so glad I did. With the uncanny appearances of the darker characters and the club itself, the pain of wanting to break free was seen. Although the Moulin Rouge was the center of attention in the town its inhabitants lived in a world of darkness. With hopes of arrising from her burrowed feelings Kidman is faced with her death and loss of her love. Ewan McGregor cannot understand what causes he and Kidman not to love, but he can love endlessly and like he says in the movie their is no greater feeling then to love and be loved in return. Filled with beautiful quotes and proverbs, Moulin Rouge is a must see.
B0000584V3|4.0|I won't get into details here, because everyone else already has, but let me just say that I am by no means a fan of death metal (or any metal for that sake), but the music on this record is just incredible and completely transcends any genre that it could be placed in. Anyone who says that they're a fan of music should check out Opeth. Despite the death growls and the double bass drums, this is beautiful beautiful music, and these guys should be stars.<br />I've only heard this one and Still Life, and I think Still Life is a little better (the blues riff in the middle of &quot;Moonlapse Vertigo&quot; is worth the price of the entire record). My only big gripe on Blackwater Park is the transition from light to heavy on &quot;Dirge For November&quot;--I think the vibe they have going at the beginning is amazing, and I wish they could've drawn it out longer or something, because I always feel let down when the heavy guitar comes in.<br />Despite that small snag, this album is pretty much perfect. Buy it, and buy Still Life, and buy everything else these guys have ever touched. Serisouly.
6305358613|5.0|I have seen the DVD many times, at least 3 times before I purchased it for myself.  It is beautiful, like a painting or a poem but on screen.  Cate Blanchett is amazing.  If you like period pieces -- or incredible acting, visual and auditory effects -- get this DVD!
0812932293|5.0|Possibly one of the most enjoyable autobiographies one would come across. The life of Branson is indeed a roller coaster of a ride with his own ups and downs. What is amazing are his beliefs and determinations in ensuring success when it meant thinking outside the box... or the law for that matter when he so nearly got himself in jail.<br />I believe Branson gave an 'honest' account of his life so far but maybe some exaggeration. His near death experiences should have taught the gentleman to appreciate life better but it seems there are nothing in stopping this man in achieving what he wants. From the tiny operation of the student magazine to the today's Virgin Empire, one has to admire his approaches in innovation, tactics, and customer satisfaction. Branson's belief in \\"bankers\\" is also a notable mention - being blood-sucking people.<br />In my twenties... should I have experienced a quarter of what Branson had experienced, I think I would have probably been hospitalized or have suffered numerous heart attacks. Overall, a great read and a great keep.
0671027344|5.0|In a modern day novel that relates back to the story the Catcher and the Rye, The Perks of Being a Wallflower is a wonderfully depicted novel about teen years. A child who is becoming a man. The boy in the story learns about the harsh realities of growing up out of the lime light of popularity and into a darkness of drugs. With sex, drugs and classic drama Charlie's diary entries give you an overview of what it is like to not know who you are. In a search for his identity, Charlie runs into love and hate and cannot escape the shadow of his peers. When Charlie finally  understands his long time hidden hardships he understands his identity. This story is amazing and I have yet to read a book in its genre that matches its magnitude and prominence.
B000002B35|5.0|This album is possibly the best I've ever heard. The live renditions of Shine On You Crazy Diamond, Sorrow, and Wish You Were Here leave me with a very happy and nostalgic feeling. In my collection, I listen to this album more than any, simply because I think it's the best. I think this album gives a great feel of the Pink Floyd experience, though I long to see them in concert. On a furthe note to an above review, I liked The Final Cut.... but I like every Floyd I hear.
B000002OX7|5.0|This is a truly amazing album, with different styles of what The Who was used to at the time, inventing a new style, Pre-programmed quasi-synth rock with \\"Baba O'Riley\\" & \\"Won't Get Fooled Again.\\" Some acoustic gems with \\"Behind Blue Eyes\\", \\"Going Mobile\\", and \\"Love Ain't For Keeping\\". Some of The Ox's Genius with \\"My Wife\\". Some Nicky Hopkins Piano Concertos with \\"The Song Is Over\\" and \\"Getting In Tune\\".<br /><br />It makes you think, \\"Wow! This band really has something going for them.\\" But that was 1971, when The Who were at the pinnacle of their career, now it is 32 years later, and \\"Who's Next\\" is considered probably their best album to date.<br /><br />Now a new CD version with 7 new bonus tracks, \\"Pure and Easy\\", a leftover from the Lifehouse sessions, \\"Baby Don't You Do It\\", a Marvin Gaye cover with Leslie West on lead guitar, \\"Naked Eye\\" and \\"Water\\" 2 tracks from the Young Vic shows of early '71, \\"Too Much Of Anything\\", an unreleased track, \\"I Don't Even Know Myself\\" a b-side of the \\"Won't Get Fooled Again\\" single, and the 1st version of \\"Behind Blue Eyes\\" featuring Al Kooper on organ.<br /><br />There's some great stuff on here, just buy the album you'll love it.
6305205620|5.0|There's not much consumer guidance necessary here. If you like the band, you'll enjoy both the concert and all the extras. (I got my money's worth from Hetfield's Cowardly Lion impression alone!) If you're thinking of getting it for the headbanger on your Xmas list, slap down your plastic with confidence.
B00003CXRP|5.0|How can Gladiator win Best Picture?  Gladiator was entertaining and the effects were great but the acting was standard and average. Cast Away DOES have incredible special effects but it's not makes the film amazing, it was the genuine emotional content and Tom Hanks' outstanding performance! It made me cry and it made me realize how many things in life we take for granted.  Enjoy your life and Enjoy this film!
B00000IMCW|3.0|If you want to see Tom Savini dish up gore, you'll get much more viscera for your buck with the (to my mind) under-rated &quot;Day of the Dead&quot;. If you want a satire on consumerism, watch &quot;American Psycho&quot;. (The admittedly great line about why the zombies come to the mall - &quot;It was an important place in their lives&quot; - is about as trenchant as Romero's satire gets.) And if you want real haunt-your-nightmares zombie chills, nothing has ever come remotely close to the original &quot;Night of the Living Dead&quot;.<br />But &quot;Dawn&quot; is worth watching for its great premise and skillful direction, even though it's half an hour too long (the condition now known as &quot;Tarantino-itis&quot;) and undercuts its effectiveness with silliness like having bikers attack the zombies with cream pies. In particular, the end credits - though not half as powerful as those in the first film - are memorably creepy.<br />(The DVD extras are just as paltry as everyone says and should not be an added incentive to purchase.)
B000002ITM|2.0|Perhaps the most boring Testament album for me. Everything sounds uninspired. As if they were not sure of their own directions musically. Any other album by them is fine.
B000002H2H|5.0|This may not be Metallica's heaviest record. (I would vote for &quot;And Justice For All&quot;.) It doesn't have their very best collection of songs, although it comes close. (#1 is &quot;Master of Puppets&quot;.) It doesn't have Hetfield's best vocals (&quot;Unforgiven II&quot;), Ulrich's best drumming (&quot;Blackened&quot;) or Hammett's most intense solo (&quot;Disposable Heroes&quot;). But if you had to make the case for the band's greatness on the basis of just one of their CDs, this would probably be it.<br />&quot;Fight Fire With Fire&quot; is rivalled only by Slayer's &quot;Angel of Death&quot; as the most evil-sounding album-opener in musical history. When the gates of Hell opened for Pol Pot to begin his eternity of torment, he must have heard something like this. The title track actually manages to produce a musical equivalent to being electrocuted. &quot;For Whom The Bell Tolls&quot; and &quot;Fade To Black&quot; are two of the ten best songs in all of heavy metal. And this is just Side One! Side Two begins on a weaker note, so to speak, but ramps up to the thunderous riffing of &quot;Creeping Death&quot; before climaxing with the majestic &quot;Call of Ktulu&quot; - one of the all-time great album closers. This is some serious HM goodness we're talking about here!<br />Whatever you think about the post-&quot;Black Album&quot; Metallica (and I happen to think they're pretty nifty), you can't deny the enormity of the band's accomplishment here. Along with Nirvana's &quot;Nevermind&quot; and The Psychedelic Furs' &quot;Talk Talk Talk&quot;, it's one of the best second-records ever made.
1892065290|5.0|I came to this series from the ninth book of Jordan's Wheel of Time and I must say that the two stories are extremely different in approach.  Whereas Jordan's world is obviously more fantasy with Aes Sedai and the like, Martin's world is more realistic and almost to a fault.<br />While the book ending with you seething for more, it begins a bit slow and he jams many characters at you from the beginning.  Once you are able to digest the different people and what House they are from (around mid-book), the plot thickens and becomes difficult to put down.<br />A few problems I had with the book are the slow start, then numerous characters and the often times brutality of his description.  First of all, the characters speak in a way that is sometimes not believable (for instance using the word bunghole).  Persoanlly I also feel that there is too much emphasis on sex...not that sex offends me by any means it simply doesn't fit into the story.<br />The book is wonderful regardless of what I have said.  I cant wait to get &quot;A Clash of Kings&quot;.
B000002MJC|5.0|Songs of Faith and Devotion, the follow up to 1990's mega-hit Violator, finds the Mode at the top of their game.  A band once derided as synth fluff proved with this album they were more than just a bunch of synth weenies.  <br />While this album had a difficult birth, it is nevertheless brilliant.  A landscape of biblical lyrics and sonic variations not seen in years, it takes the listener on a journey through lust, condemnation, and redemption.  The album opens with a screetch, a lusty guitar riff, as well as a pounding beat.  &quot;I Feel You&quot;, which leads off the album (and was also the lead off single) is a study in lust, obsession, and love.  &quot;You take me there, you take me where, my kingdom comes... You take me to Babylon.&quot;  These are some of Martin Gore's best lyrics to date.    The amazing &quot;Walking In My Shoes&quot; is a plea for understanding and forgiveness.  &quot;I would tell you about the things they put me through, the pain I've been subjected to, but the Lord himself would blush...&quot;  These first two songs laid the ground-work for an album which would prove the Mode were more than just Fast Fashion.<br />The darkness culminates with &quot;In Your Room&quot;, a song of domination, submission, and wanton depravity.  The song is absolutely the best the Mode has done.  Alan Wilder built a sonic masterpiece to match the lyrical genius crafted by Gore.  Everything from backwards sounds to dark textures colour this song.  <br />The album does end on a high note.  The final two songs, the string-driven &quot;One Caress&quot; and the passionately hopeful &quot;Higher Love&quot; bring in the tone of redemption to a great album.  If you are looking for a GREAT ALBUM which was overlooked by the masses, this is one for you.
0767817478|1.0|The American Godzilla looks like Dennis Rodman in a lizard suit, despite the much-vaunted CGI trimmings. Jean Reno and Matthew Broderick are totally wasted with this vacuous plot. Maria Pitalo, as Broderick's girlfriend, is irritating beyond words to say.  I kept hoping she would end up getting eaten, or stomped or something.<br />The thing that destroyed this movie for me was the ham-handed, brain-dead, typically American &quot;reconstruction&quot; of the Godzilla legend.  They cheated him out of his fire breath, and they gave him a sex change.  The addition of Jurassic Park/Aliens style little Godzillas that chase everyone all over the place was...well, just dumb.<br />Independence Day was fun and stupid.  In that movie, Emmerich and Co. took all the biggest cliches of UFO attack movies and created a loving, loud and ridiculous tribute.  Here, they miscalculate.  There's too much stolen material (particularly from Alien and Jurassic Park), and they obviously don't &quot;get&quot; the Godzilla legend, nor can they figure out what to do with it. They failed to understand the truth that in every Godzilla movie, Godzilla is the hero and the main point of interest.  Here, Godzilla is just a monster, and the movie tries to distract us with subplots and people.  Emmerich &amp; Co. didn't understand that nobody really cares about the humans in a Godzilla movie; they're secondary, only there to react to Godzilla himself.<br />I was totally disappointed and irritated by this poor attempt at a Godzilla film. Fortunately, after this movie's disappointing box office performance and critical reviews, the studio dropped Godzilla like a radioactive rock.  Toho quietly revived the fallen and disgraced King of Monsters, and brought him back in fine style with &quot;Godzilla 2000,&quot; which I would recommend wholeheartedly over this terrible, boring, annoying movie.
B000002UD7|5.0|Pet Shop Boys, the purveyors of perfect pop songs in the 80's, are at their best on this, their second studio album. Their Sophomore effort shows they were no flash in the pan, one hit wonder band.  In fact, this album contained 2 US Hits (It's a Sin and What Have I Done to Deserve This)and 2 more songs which were hits in the UK.  <br />Whether it's the pounding beat of One More Chance or the emotional Kings Cross, this album is perfect.  I truly enjoy the fact that the songs cover a wide range of topics from the honesty of Rent to the confusion of What Have I Done to Deserve This... I can't imagine a collection of 10 songs which is better than this one.<br />The over the top It's a Sin, is, in my opinion, the best song the Boys ever made.  It has a perfect dance beat and wonderfully emotional melody.  The deadpan delivery of Neil Tennant hides an amazingly emotional set of lyrics detailing the difficulties of dealing with emotions one is told he shouldn't be feeling.  <br />Although the album has aged better than the boys themselves Actually is a perfect example of 80's pop and will be a jewel in anyone's cd collection.
0767903862|3.0|Bill Bryson's unqualified and unquantified enthusiasm for Australia is never in doubt.  Therefore, it is puzzling why it seems he slotted his visit between more pressing duties like book tours, taking a hike in the Middle East, and attending to business in London.  I felt curiously stranded when I was left at long-gone Surfer's Paradise in Queensland while Bill winged off to Africa cheerily telling me he'd be back in a while.  When we next met up, we were in an entirely different part of Australia.  These departures and arrivals make reading the book a disjointed experience.  You never know exactly where you are.<br />The writing is vivid, clever and frequently humorous-what we expect from Bill Bryson.  He describes the capitol Canberra: \\"-reminded me less of a city-much less-then say, a preserved battlefield.  There was that sense of spaciousness and respectful greenness that you would expect to find at Gettysburg or Waterloo.\\"  This was delightful and gave an instant picture.  His keenness for the small oddball wonders and places is always diverting.<br />Bill travels happiest when alone.  He meets with a few old friends and travels awhile with a buddy who mostly annoys him, but seems truly content when solo.  As a reader, I felt marooned from the day-to-day encounters one has with real live people when traveling.  I would have liked more interaction with the people who are justly called the \\"friendliest on earth.\\"  Instead, there is far more natural history and botany than I bargained for.  I was informed, but not particularly entertained.<br />I think Australia is too enormous and complex to cover in such a haphazard manner.  He needed to spend less time on his homework and more time being there, feeling it, and absorbing its uniqueness.
B000007T1M|5.0|This band is what absolutely has to be the very best in hard rock.  Just take one quick listen to &quot;Sugar&quot;, &quot;Spiders&quot;, or &quot;PLUCK&quot; and you'll know what I'm talking about.  These guys are just soo crazy, and soooooo absolutely out of their minds that it gets scary sometimes (Sugar), but, yeah, definetly pick this up.  Also, their new album will be coming out pretty soon, and you all need to pick that up.  Just check out some of the new songs (&quot;The Metro&quot;, &quot;Marmalade&quot;, and &quot;Shame (Wu Tang cover)&quot;) that they've done off soundtrack albums and the such if ya don't believe me.
B000003N89|5.0|I'll keep this short.  The first time I heard Diana Krall was just a couple weeks ago.  What I heard was &quot;Hit That Jive Jack&quot;, I knew immediately I had to have this CD.  It's better than I had hoped for.  This is really a fantastically enjoyable CD.  I recommend it highly!  My favorite is &quot;Deed I Do&quot;, it swings just the way I like it.
B000002MZ6|5.0|...is how I listen to this album. Sure, it's rather new-age, but hey, I LIKE it.  Personally, it's one of those albums that is best for a contemplative mood...pondering science fiction or the physics and wonder of the universe. Not nearly so complex as Tubular Bells 2 (wonderful!), nor as intrusive to thought, TSODE is melodic and interesting, and well-suits its chosen theme. Mike Oldfield displays his wide range of talent in an album sure to delight the fan of new-age music and science fiction.<br />By the way, to the reviewer who thought the album contained a Stephen Hawkins [sic, Hawking] soundalike....huh?  Dr. Hawking has had no larynx for years, and uses a speech synthesizer for speech.
B00003W8NM|1.0|All I could think duirng this movie was that the hero should really have been at the psychiatrist's officer gettign Prozac. This is a great movie for guys with serious reality issues. You wade through this entirre film only to relaize that nothing in it ever really happened. I gave it a 1 becasue there were no allowances for negaitve numbers. This will one day repalce &quot;Plan Nine from Outer Space&quot; as the worst moive of all time.
0812523334|5.0|This is my favorites.  This book is about four sisters, Meg, Jo, Beth and Amy.  These sisters are very differnt.  Meg, who dreams of having a husband and a family.  Jo, who is a tomboy and who dreams of being a published writer.  Beth, who is nice and sweet and loves to play the piano.  Amy, who is vain and a good artist.  Everytime I read this book, I cry.  If you have or do read this book you know why.  A very touching story.
B00002Z88D|5.0|this is the best metallica album yet.  it is a mix pf all their best hits. from call of kulto to 4 whom the bells and every good song.  i wish they had fade to black though. ....
0380788624|3.0|This is a fun read IF you focus on Robertson's numerous asides that he sprinkles in everywhere.  The actual main story arc of the book isn't all that interesting - certainly not worth the 900 or so pages spent on it.  What I liked most about the book are the little, strange tangents that Robertson writes as he tries to talk about his characters.  Some of the more scientific forays left me uninterested personally, it was more of the character-specific off-shoots that just sparked a lot of smiles on my part as a reader.  <br />Robertson clearly stores a tremendous amount of knowledge on random and trivial things and lets these all come out through the book - I just wish the book's main story was more interesting.
6305079900|5.0|&quot;The Terminator&quot; is one of James Camerons earlier films, and one can say his earlier movies were more &quot;personal.&quot; The Terminator is a masterpeice on film, especially considering the incredible low budget it was filmed on, $6 million. The special effects can't hold a candle to the sequel, but the story is stronger here, and the characters are more easily identified with. <br />Here is the basic plot (although I don't want to say too much). In the future, a supercomputer starts a nuclear war to destroy mankind. The resistance is led by John Connor, so the computer sends the Terminator (arnold) back in time to kill Johns mother before he is even conceived. The John from the future sends Kyle Reese back in time to protect his mother. <br />Arnold is perfect in his role, even though his screen time and his lines are limited, his impression is easily made. The acting here is superb, and the mood of the relentless killing machine makes this an incredibly thrilling movie to watch. The chase scenes are incredible, as well as the other action segments, including the ever famous police station shoot-out (I'll be back...). But along with the great action is the whole mood of this film, especially the relationship formed between Sarah and Kyle (resulting in a suprising plot twist that you'll have to watch the movie to find out). You connect with these two people, and feel their emotions, their fear; and that element is perfectly combined with the thrilling suspense of the story. Also thown in is a little bit of black comedy to lighten the veiwer from the intensity of the film (including one scene cut from TV. For years I only watched the copy I taped off of TV, when I saw this one scene after I finally bought the tape, I laughed for minutes on end).<br />I don't own this movie on DVD, but from what I've read the sound is supposed to be fairly poor. In my opinion, though, this film is so good that even if the sound doesn't take full advantage of the DVD system, it is still an incredible movie experience nonetheless. I first saw this movie when I was 11 years old (I'm 16 now), and since then it has been my favorite. If you enjoy this movie, I suggest these movies as well, and vice-versa. Aliens, Terminator 2, The Matrix, Blade Runner.
B000002GBB|5.0|With The Grand Illusion, Styx created a chef-d'oeuvre that is, to the knowledge of humanity, unsurpassable. If any album dares to rival it, the only feasible contender is this subsequent release. Still at their artistic and creative meridian, Styx composed another flawless collection of songs in Pieces of Eight, extending \\"the perfect synartesis of art rock and arena rock. . .\\" (pythia) and proving once again their peerless mastery of both energetic rock and seductive melodies--and all with just the right amount of embellishment. Moreover, Styx delights the listener with excellent vocal work in perfect equilibrium with the instruments, which themselves contain a satisfying blend of keyboard and guitar. Well-balanced delicacies served fresh. <br />For one who wishes to hear Stygian hard rock at its finest, Pieces of Eight is the most logical purchase--boasting such tracks as \\"Renegade,\\" \\"Blue-Collar Man\\" (I find this one particularly enthralling), \\"Queen of Spades,\\" and \\"Great White Hope.\\" Those observant enough to note the track listing may ask, \\"Really, pythia, three in row?\\" An explanation for this ordering is that \\"Queen of Spades\\" is initially dominated by a soft, lovely melody before suddenly bursting into the heavy part (was not Styx the master of this structure?), which eventually breaks down and regresses--but in a good way. <br />\\"I'm OK\\" is written in an exalted musical style which, if one stops to think, possibly seems malapropos for the<br />not-quite-Emerson lyrics--though, personally, I find that it is OK that way. . . and did I mention that this song includes a cathedralic pipe organ solo? \\"Sing for the Day\\" is just the type of playful, felicific song that might inspire the urge to frolic jovially in the meadow, tossing freshly-picked flowers and shouting \\"Cantate diem!\\" \\"The Message,\\" a brief instrumental consisting of synthesizer imagery of an imposing spacecraft emerging from a primordial swamp (if you envisage something different, fine), quickly gives way to \\"Lords of the Ring,\\" whose fanciful arrangements provide a fitting milieu for the legend of the magic ring. Indeed, Pieces of Eight is perfect in every song, but if one song outshines the rest, it is the title track. From the dismal but hauntingly beautiful melody to the urgent keyboard segment to the uplifting refrain to the final heavenly notes, this song is intoxicating! The album closes with \\"Aku-Aku,\\" a simple but relaxing and rather sensual instrumental (well, instrumental except for a whispered \\"aku-aku.\\" I'm not sure what that means; if I am correct in thinking an aku to be some tropical fish, then that is quite a silly thing to say.) As this track fades, the listener is left tranquilized and satisfied. . .  <br />Styx would proceed write a decent number of other outstanding songs, continuing to display unmatched versatility; however, never again would they fully recapture the spellbinding artistry of this album and its predecessor. Listen to these albums, and it becomes easy to understand why the Olympian gods used to swear by this band.<br />~pythia~
B000000OAN|4.0|If Queen had had any intention of this CD being taken seriously, then it would have to be labelled a complete failure.  There are too many songs (from &quot;Lazing on a Sunday Afternoon&quot; to &quot;Bohemian Rhapsody&quot; itself) of such ridiculous pretensions that it would be absurd to claim for it rock classic status.  But Queen has no intention of being taken seriously, which brings the CD to its well-accepted classic status.  &quot;Bohemian Rhapsody&quot; is a rock classic precisely because of its overblown lyrics and production, and this self-mocking style can also easily be seen in &quot;The Prophet's Song.&quot;  &quot;Lazing on a Sunday Afternoon&quot; and &quot;Seaside Rendezvous&quot; have no business being on a rock CD, except that they are so ludicrously campy that they work.  &quot;I'm in Love With My Car&quot; is so cheesy that it makes Meat Loaf's &quot;Bat Out of Hell&quot; seem profound, but its over-the-top production and lyrics are such that it makes you laugh whilst you are nodding to the beat and guitar riffs.  &quot;God Save the Queen&quot; is not quite the equal of Jimi Hendrix's Woodstock &quot;Star Bangled Banner,&quot; but it remains a great closing piece that always brings this Canadian monarchist to attention.  Lastly, &quot;Love of My Life&quot; may be one of the most beautiful ballads I've ever heard.  Freddie Mercury was at his finest with this song.  It can be an immensely personal song, and the thrill that audience's felt singing along with Mercury at concerts must have been immense.<br />P.S. There are bonus remixes of &quot;I'm in Love With My Car&quot; and &quot;You're My Best friend&quot; on the remastered CD.  Can anyone tell me what the point of these are?
B000002518|4.0|Going back a few years to fill in some blanks in my Dylan collection I found this little gem. Quite apart from the &quot;Knockin on Heaven's Door&quot; brilliant track, there are some terrific instrumental numbers and afew more vocals that took me all the way from Oz to the Wild West. Makes you realise how important music is in a movie.....Now I need to see the film itself. Feel the zeitgeist.
B00000IQUT|2.0|I Spit on Your Grave (Meir Zarchi, 1978)<br /><br />Meir Zarchi took Craven's idea (with Last House on the Left) and paid homage with a film that, while not all that good, is a sight better than Last House. It's also become something of a cult classic for reasons that I'm not sure I understand (nor want to). Again, the plot is simple and savage: Jennifer Hill (Camille Keaton, who actually HAS managed to find a few other roles, mostly in what seem to be Italian giallo flicks given the titles) has rented a secluded house on a lake to get out of the big evil city and runs afoul of three of the local miscreants and their toady, a twentysomething seemingly retarded virgin. The miscreants develop a plan to get the toady laid, and, as is to be expected, a bloodbath ensues, starting with an almost forty minute long scene punctuated by three different rapes. I mean, we're talking nasty here (but by the time Miz Hill gets around to stalking her attackers, I have to say, the viewer is definitely rooting for her).<br /><br />What about this particularly nasty movie makes it more effective than Last House on the Left? One definite reason is that Zarchi's scenes of brutalization are a whole lot more explicit than Craven's, and as such, the viewer has a deeper gut reaction to what's happening. When Hill starts wandering around like a zombie in the aftermath of the aforementioned forty-minute scene, it's realistic post-traumatic stress. Also, Zarchi gives more of a human dimension to the attackers; one has a wife and kids, one likes to play the harmonica, that sort of thing; details which cause a viewer to see the bad guys as something more (a little more, but still) than cardboard cutouts. Also, the film itself has a kind of endearing shoestring quality about it. Grainy stock, handheld-camera shots, that sort of thing. Zarchi probably had a budget of five hundred bucks and spent it half and half on fake blood and beer for the crew.<br /><br />It's not the best film you'll ever see, but if you follow IMDB's recommendation and double-feature it with Last House on the Left, it certainly won't be the worst film you ever see, either. **, but if you follow IMDB's recommendation and double-feature it with Last House on the Left, it certainly won't be the worst film you ever see, either. **
B000000WJZ|5.0|Without a doubt this album holds a special spot in my heart.  the one song that i cannot go a day without is mayonaise.  it is the most well-crafted song i have ever heard.  the two guitars playing off each other for the opening of the song, then the heavy distortion that just makes me reflect on the good or bad thing that just happened to me.  its a song that makes me lament, and gets my frustrations out through the music.  but at the same time thankful for what i have.  during this time in my life, this song surpasses my old favorite &quot;everlong&quot; by the foo fighters because of the emotions that are triggered right with the opening notes. there are only a few songs that have ever done that to me, the aforementioned mayonaise and everlong, and the masterpiece &quot;babylon&quot; by david grey.  the rest of the album almost follows suit with the emotional balance of mayonaise.  everyone knows the songs today, disarm, and cherub rock.  its the unknown songs like mayonaise and soma that hold this album miles above any other album created.  i hope this album sparks as much emotion as it does for me.
079284632X|1.0|The Last House on the Left (Wes Craven, 1972)<br />When was the last time you saw a movie that was the very definition of the word &quot;pointless?&quot; If you need to shut your brain off for an hour and a half, this is a good way to do it. I'm amazed anyone in Hollywood managed to let Craven direct another film after this ninety-minute waste of celluloid. And yet, somehow (probably because &quot;hey, it's the guy who directed Scream!&quot;), it was re-released with new box art and everything last year. It should have faded into much-deserved obscurity, instead.<br />The plot centers around a girl named Mari Collingwood (Sandra Cassel, one of many people in this flick who never got another role-- hmm, I wonder why) who goes off into the big evil city with her best friend to see a concert. On the way, she and best friend are waylaid by some escaped prisoners, who do very nasty things to them (all artfully shot, of course, to preserve the film's R rating). Well, that's the first half, anyway. The second half hinges on the climax to the first half, and in case you've been living in a cave hundreds of miles from the nearest newsstand that carries Fangoria, I'll leave the second half to your imagination.<br />The main problem with the movie, aside from abysmal acting, a horrible script, amateurish direction, bad lighting, etc., etc., is that the movie loses its direction time and again. In the hands of a better director-- perhaps even if Craven were to remake his own film-- and with a better script (again, Craven could probably do his own rewrite, as he's often shown he's capable of better than this), this could be a tight, punchy thriller with enough extremity about it to still appeal to the shock-flick underground. But what we have here is a film whose sole purpose, it seems, is to say &quot;hey, we have this ratings sytem now, and I'm determined to abuse it in any way I can.&quot; The result is a mess. *
B000000WJZ|5.0|Without a doubt this album holds a special spot in my heart.  the one song that i cannot go a day without is mayonaise.  it is the most well-crafted song i have ever heard.  the two guitars playing off each other for the opening of the song, then the heavy distortion that just makes me reflect on the good or bad thing that just happened to me.  its a song that makes me lament, and gets my frustrations out through the music.  but at the same time thankful for what i have.  during this time in my life, this song surpasses my old favorite &quot;everlong&quot; by the foo fighters because of the emotions that are triggered right with the opening notes. there are only a few songs that have ever done that to me, the aforementioned mayonaise and everlong, and the masterpiece &quot;babylon&quot; by david grey.  the rest of the album almost follows suit with the emotional balance of mayonaise.  everyone knows the songs today, disarm, and cherub rock.  its the unknown songs like mayonaise and soma that hold this album miles above any other album created.  i hope this album sparks as much emotion as it does for me.
0790751143|5.0|Not many fans here. Well dont worry, its still a great film. Its not art in the classical sense, but its great to watch. The dialogue is pure class.The actors Mitchum and Eastwood have a genuine rapport on screen, as DiGiorgio seems to understand what is required to work with Harry (besides a vest, if only he would wear one)    at the armed robbery of a liquor store in the first 10 mins    Fatso (DiGiorgio) \\"what do they want?\\"    Harry \\"A car\\"    Fatso \\"what are you going to do\\"    Harry \\"Give 'em one\\"    and so he does. I dont want to spoil it by telling you how if you havent seen it. Harry gets moved to personnel and records, his view on that department is most edifying. There he interviews his partner to be, with some interesting legal questions involving a donkey and a lady sitting in on the interview board. DiGiorgio is badly hurt trying to stop a robbery at an arms factory, so Harry wants back on homicide. A poignant moment for the film comes when DiGiorgio's wife Irene pauses to tell Harry \\"its a war, isnt it.I guess I never really understood that\\", which is how most people have reviewed this film, critically. A lot of the issues in this film are just as relevant now, political correctness, women in combat roles, black oppression and militancy, kidnapping extortion and ex military guys going nuts and planting bombs (contemporary enough for you?), 66mm anti armour rockets, tazer guns.    Harry takes revenge in the usual spectacular fashion, I wonder if the guy who thinks Harry has a .357 has even watched any of his films. Complete the line \\"this is a ** magnum, the most powerful handgun in the world\\" etc. Its a .44 in case you read this far.    Anyway, The Enforcer may not have the plot of dirty harry, or the paranoia of magnum force, but it does have plenty of action, revenge, and even gives us a clue to the sadness Harry carries around with him. Just watch it and remember, \\"eat at luigis\\"
B00001OH7P|5.0|Inconceivably under-rated, this tour of 70's rock sensiblilty stands up high as a monument to the creative spirit of the times. Bowies androgynous alter-ego Ziggy Stardust represents the permissive and rebellious edge that defined an era. Much more importantly, this recording ROCKS! Celebrating instant gratification, selfishness and despair, and self-indulgence, this musical tribute to hedonism remains one of the finest rock recordings ever assembled. It assaults both your ears and ego. Just fu...'n get it! Do it right now!
0671024256|5.0|Writers are notoriously fickle and impatient. We don't like anyone to tell us how to do our job, and we especially don't like to read so-called &quot;experts&quot; figuratively shouting at us from up on high about things like &quot;proper characterization, the importance of theme, the over-(or under-) use of adverbs. It's just annoying, and it can also sap what little confidence a budding writer has. But, when Stephen King tells us these things in &quot;On Writing&quot;, it feels more intimate...like an old friend who has been there with us when we have had those incredible bursts of creativity, and perhaps more important, when we have struggled with single sentences (and indeed, single words), looking for that perfect shade of meaning into the wee hours of the morning. He's like the little angel AND the little devil who sit on your shoulders, whispering the finer points of right and wrong just when you need a healthy dose of both. As always, King injects his writing with humor and warmth, while managing to sound urgent when urgency is appropriate and humble when humility is appropriate. This is perhaps one of the greatest strengths of &quot;On Writing&quot;. King, as knowledgable and wise as he is on the subject of writing, knows he is not the &quot;final word&quot; on the subject. He simply and without arrogance or pretense eschews his experiences and, in many cases, a few personal embarrasments, in order to enrich the writing experience of his fellow creatures. He recognizes, in fact, that writers are unique creatures, and he is one of them along with anyone who has ever been committed to putting ink on a page. We are unique, fickle, and impatient creatures indeed, and when we need a little bit of inspiration (strike that, a LOT of inspiration), King is there to walk with us on our journey into writing. Hail to the King, he's done it once again, showing us that he is as comfortable writing clean, instructive prose as he is with tickling our funny bones and scaring the bejeezus out of us.
0783244320|3.0|Ignore the advertising which claims that the DTS version of the DVD has the Galaxy Quest television series &quot;Mockumentary&quot;.  It does not.  Amazon has been informed of this, but has neglected to update the catalog.<br />It was supposed to have been included on the DTS release; but apparently the studio has decided not to include it, and failed to update their release information to reflect the change. <br />If you don't have DTS audio capability, buy the standard version, because they have the exact same features aside from the DTS audio.
B00005J73X|5.0|Listen folks, this isn't rocket science, what we have here instead is just a great all american rock 'n' roll band performing live in Bon Jovi. 15 solid tracks, they all capture the moment well, + this cd rocks and what more do you really want from this??????  E=mcsquare_blah_blah_blah, oh sorry, - Rock music = Bon Jovi. Just sit back and have fun and play these tunes and enjoy yourself. Is that so hard to do? Naw. All the hits are there (It's My Life, Wanted Dead Or Alive, Keep The Faith, Livin On A Prayer). Just enjoy the music and don't worry about image or what may have you. Most of this stuff here is better than what they are playing on MTV and the radio regardless. Bon Jovi knows how to give their listeners something to listen to and enjoy. This is it. Rock on!
0064471837|3.0|I was anticipating this book, had waited for weeks to clear my reading calendar.  Now that I've struggled through it, I have mixed feelings.<br />On its face, Sabriel seems heavy on character, light on story.  Later I'll explain why that's not necessarily true.  It also requires a tremendous investment into &quot;Old Kingdom&quot; world elements.  I read this very carefully, and I'm still baffled by terms such as charter magic, charter stones, charter mages, the charter, mordicants, free magic and on and on.  Garth Nix has created a vast world, but in my opinion, has failed to convince the reader of the world's solidity.<br />Sabriel's plight is fascinating, but Nix never allows her to breathe and reflect on what's happening to her.  What does she realize about being an abhornsen, other than you get banged around a lot and visit death frequently?  Why is she head over heels for Touchstone after being with him for a few weeks?  What has she connected with in terms of her history?  All of this is extremely murky.<br />Good ideas, but it would have benefitted from more editing, more clarity, and deeper explorations of Sabriel.  In the end it's just a series of fights at various locations.
076790382X|4.0|Bill Bryson has the wonderful ability to take the mundane and make it hilarious. If you're a blue-blooded American, and unwilling to accept criticism and laugh at aspects of American &quot;culture&quot; then perhaps you shouldn't read this book, but I find his poking and prodding charming. This book isn't as funny as &quot;A Walk...&quot; or &quot;In a Sunburned...&quot; but it's still hilarious and had me laughing out loud time and time again. I'd highly suggest purchasing this book.
B00005BIIP|5.0|Though I am a fairly new fan of Porcupine Tree, I have managed to buy all of their commercial releases in a matter of months, and none of them have disappointed me yet.  Neither did this one.  This is a collection of singles from the Lightbulb Sun and Stupid Dream periods, so it doesn't really have the ebb and flow that's typical of a Porcupine Tree release, but then again, it's not really supposed to.  I think it's very cool that the band released these songs all on one CD so that people would actually get a chance to hear them without having to hunt them down.  However, if you have hunted down all these singles, you're still missing out if you don't buy Recordings, mainly because there is a full length version of Even Less, and a few other previously unreleased tracks on this CD that are quite good.  I personally feel like I have a treasure here because I am finally able to hear all the singles that I can only read about on the internet.
0312979479|4.0|I'm a big Agatha Cristie fan and this is one of her better ones. Not only does it include some wonderful suspense, but it has a stunning surprise ending as well.
B00005ASOC|4.0|This is a heartwarming movie with fine performances by Sean Connery, newcomer Rob Brown, F. Murray Abraham, Michael Nouri, and Anna Pacquin. Well directed by Gus Van Sant, the film revolves around the two main characters, William Forrester, played by Sean Connery, and sixteen year old Kamal, played by Rob Brown.<br />William Forrester is a writer who, battling his own inner demons, has remained reclusive after writing a Pulitzer Prize winning novel some forty odd years earlier. Living alone in a changing neighborhood in the Bronx, he makes the acquaintance of Kamal, an intellectually gifted inner city kid, who plays street basketball, loves to write, and does both well.<br />A mentoring relationship springs between the two. Under Forrester's secret tutorship, Kamal blossoms. When Kamal's scholastic test scores come to the attention of a local prep school, school officials offer him a scholarship to attend and, if he chooses to do so, play basketball on the school team. The school also turns out to be William Forrester's alma mater, where he is revered and his prize winning novel is required reading.<br />There, Kamal encounters rank racism, all the more insidious because it is covert. F. Murray Abraham plays a teacher who is very similar to the character, Salieri, whom Abraham portrayed in the film &quot;Amadeus&quot;. A failed writer who became a teacher, Abraham oozes racism as he contrives to destroy Kamal whom he accuses of plagirism, as he clearly believes him to be just another inner city, black basketball player who is incapable of anything more. He cannot seem to fathom that this kid could possibly write as well as he does, because he has Kamal stereotyped.<br />Yet, Kamal is actually all that he puports to be, a gifted writer who just also happens to play basketball. Truly scholarly, he shows up his teacher in class, only to further exacerbate his emnity. This teacher's dislike and covert racism manifests itself in the exclusion of Kamal's entry in the prestigious writing competition sponsored by the prep school. This situation comes to a head when the teacher's racism is exposed for what it is in a stunning, surprising climax.<br />Kamal, however, is not the only one to have a moment of redemption in the movie. Forrester, too, has that moment as he comes to grips with his past, the past that made him shut the world out for so long. It is his friendship with Kamal that illuminates his return to the very world from which he had withdrawn long ago.<br />This film is about a friendship that is borne out of a shared passion. It is  about the old nurturing the young. It is about passing the baton from one generation to the next. It is a film the transcends age and race. It is a film for everyone.tigious writing competition sponsored by the prep school. This situation comes to a head when the teacher's racism is exposed for what it is in a stunning, surprising climax.<br />Kamal, however, is not the only one to have a moment of redemption in the movie. Forrester, too, has that moment as he comes to grips with his past, the past that made him shut the world out for so long. It is his friendship with Kamal that illuminates his return to the very world from which he had withdrawn long ago.<br />This film is about a friendship that is borne out of a shared passion. It is  about the old nurturing the young. It is about passing the baton from one generation to the next. It is a film the transcends age and race. It is a film for everyone.
630512065X|5.0|&quot;CATS&quot; is a great musical!  Filled with great music and dancing, it is surely entertaining.  It is wonderful to see these talented people put on such an outstanding show!
B00003CXRP|4.0|Russell Crowe was, without a doubt, very good in &quot;Gladiator&quot;, but Tom Hanks in &quot;Cast Away&quot; is superb. It is in this film, that one finds the actor whose performance was truly Oscar worthy. Those who voted Crowe over Hanks as this year's recipient of the best actor Oscar had their heads in the sand, as Hanks gives a performance that I do not think that even he can equal.<br />This film is like a play in three acts. What life was like before being cast away. What life was like as a castaway. What life was like after being cast away. After having seen the film,  the title of the movie is somewhat ambiguous, upon reflection. It could easily refer to the status of Hanks' character during either the middle or ending sequence of the film. I leave it to the viewer to decide this conundrum.<br />Hanks flawlessly plays the role of Chuck Noland (Was there a pun intended here?), a highly energized, time obsessed, systems engineer for Federal Express. On Christmas Eve, he makes a last minute decision to board a flight and escort some packages on a run to their destination. He pops the question to his girlfriend Kelly, played by Helen Hunt, and presents her with an engagement ring just seconds before he boards his ill fated flight. What then happens on that flight is no secret. Suffice to say that it is a wonderfully filmed disaster scene that is sure to strike terror in even the most blase of travelers.<br />The second part of the movie is the crux of the film. For nearly an hour, Hanks is the only living human being on film. He totally carries the day and sustains the film with the power of his performance. We watch as he survives the rigors of his days and copes with the solitude that comes with being marooned on a deserted island for four years, sustained by a photograph of his fiancee, Kelly. Hanks captivates the viewer with his sense of joy and wonder as he creates fire. We watch as his loneliness drives him to invent a friend, Wilson, out of a volleyball that washes ashore. Hanks' performance is such that the viewer mourns the eventual loss of Wilson and experiences the poignancy of that moment when Hanks and Wilson are irrevocably parted.<br />The third part with the film has to do with his being rescued. Having withstood four years as a survivalist on the island, Hanks' character decides that no life is better than the life that he was leading. Making a raft, he makes for the open seas, taking his chances. He is rescued, but after four years the life he left behind has all but disappeared. Kelly has moved on with her life, and he, in effect, has been cast away. It is here that the picture falters somewhat, as there is no happy ending and the film ends somewhat unresolved. Still, it is an excellent film, and Hanks' performance is definitely award calibre.l that washes ashore. Hanks' performance is such that the viewer mourns the eventual loss of Wilson and experiences the poignancy of that moment when Hanks and Wilson are irrevocably parted.<br />The third part with the film has to do with his being rescued. Having withstood four years as a survivalist on the island, Hanks' character decides that no life is better than the life that he was leading. Making a raft, he makes for the open seas, taking his chances. He is rescued, but after four years the life he left behind has all but disappeared. Kelly has moved on with her life, and he, in effect, has been cast away. It is here that the picture falters somewhat, as there is no happy ending and the film ends somewhat unresolved. Still, it is an excellent film, and Hanks' performance is definitely award calibre.
6304826133|3.0|This is an intersting movie about a man's fight against the folies of an apparently police-run (party-)state, and how in the end the good wins. It is quite entertaining. As always, reality is worse than the fiction. or is it ?
B00003CXN4|5.0|Traffic is a must see.  Benicio Del Toro is riviting.  As the drug war ever so closely resembles the mileue of Vietnam, Traffic offers a much needed and fresh perspective with regards to US drug policy.  Traffic takes a pessimistic view towords the drug war in general; a view point that some americans share but one that is often ingored.  Regardless of one's viewpoint, director Steven Soterbergh is at the top of his game.  Traffic can be seen both as an important time piece and also for its cinimatic success.  As a collage of three stories, Traffic's message is applicaplbe to all facits of society.
B000002BE9|5.0|Teen chanteuses seem to be all the rage today, but as songs like &quot;Oops, I did it again&quot; fill the airwaves, I am struck by how far the quality of songs has sunk since Fionna Apple's Tidal debuted several years ago.  Though the same age as singers such as Britany Spears and Christina Aguilera when her cd was first released, the music contains a much more mature and complex mixture of adult insight and youthful naivte then is currently available with today's teen music scene.  Unlike many teen artists today, I consider Fionna a true musician.  She wrote and played the piano on all the songs on the album and she sings with incredible emotion and maturity far beyond her eighteen years. <br />Though it has been several years since I first purchased the album, I still consider it to be one of my best purchases and favorite among my collection. Every song is strong and poignant and I play the cd straight through everytime I listen to it. Her songs display a wide variety ranging from the flat out angry &quot;Sleep to Dream&quot; to the delicate &quot;Never is a Promise.&quot;  Other highlights include the seductive &quot;Slow like Honey&quot; and my personal favorites &quot;Shadowboxer&quot; and &quot;Criminal&quot;. Both of which display Fionna's pure raw emotion and voice.
B00003CXDZ|2.0|All of the &quot;Love&quot; songs were delightfully sung and fun. Cinematography was often dizzying.  At times the film was like a trip back to the acid-tripping 70s. Weird.  Moments of greatness mixed with tediously dizzying camera work. If you love Nicole Kidman, you'll love it. She's beautiful and charming. As Satine, she sings quite well,(sounding something like Helen Reddy)even though she's in the throes of TB. Jim Broadbent and John Leguizamo were engaging and quite believable.Generally, a strange creative attempt.  But I do admire Baz Luhrman for trying to bring his vision to life.
B00005B6C9|5.0|I enjoyed this album very much.  The Bee Gee's are still an amazing musical talent and are FINALLY getting the recognition they have always deserved!
0790743221|5.0|There's a peculiar viewpoint working here.  What contemporary movie would position the working class hero, he who pulled himself up by his bootstraps and became a wealthy self-made man, as the titular villain?  Or have a cynical writer, seemingly wound up tight by his morals and ethics, wind up falling in love with the stuck up rich girl?  Or make its hero an unsympathetic yacht designer, who lives in a mansion and has a history of (violent?) alcoholism?  Doesn't sound like a recipe for a successful romantic comedy, does it?  Well, damn if it doesn't all just work perfectly here.<br />The film tackles a plethora of issues.  Class differences, human frailty, love, money, power, and identity all get a run through its mill.  But it never feels like you're being preached at.  The writing is deft, dry, and frequently hilarious.  And the story, ostensibly about a man looking to get even with his ex-wife by letting a celebrity tabloid in to her very private wedding, moves along at a crisp pace, managing to turn over surprise after surprise along the way.<br />Such a story would survive the casting of any number of actors in its three leading parts.  But the troika of legendary stars we have here is probably never to be equaled.  Katherine Hepburn is quick-witted, self-aware, lithe but powerful as the bride to be.  Cary Grant is charming, smart, a tad devious, highly moral, and having heaps of fun playing her ex-husband.  And Jimmy Stewart is cynical, armed with a wicked wit, but able to pull off high romance as the tabloid reporter sent to cover the wedding.  These three have perfect chemistry together, and are a joy to watch in any situation.  Such a team could easily overshadow the ensemble charged with supporting them, but special mention should be given to Ruth Hussey, who plays Stewart's photographer partner/prospective girlfriend.  She gets a tonne of superb dry lines, and pulls them off remarkably well with wicked timing and sharp wit.<br />The middle third of the movie, set in and around a pre-wedding party, offers most of the cast a chance to exhibit some fine drunken acting.  Stewart and Grant get a terribly funny scene in Grant's mansion, where Stewart tries to give a piece of his mind through his foggy haze and bad case of the hiccups, while Grant looks on with amusement.  Later, Stewart and Hepburn have a midnight picnic, both three sheets to the wind and behaving ridiculously.  These sequences are some of the funniest I've ever seen at the movies.  It's a joy to watch these actors play silly with such great material. <br />Every great drunken scene must be followed by a good hangover scene.  This film has one up to the task.  The sun is shining bright, headaches abound, and the blinds have been opened to reveal the realities of the situation the characters have found themselves in.  It's a perfect compliment to the early moments of hilarity.  And it nicely sets up the ending, which nearly heaps on too much romantic melodrama (there are -- at least -- two wedding proposals in the quick denouement), but is saved by one final joke that makes one wonder: \\"What happened after the credits rolled?\\"    <br />This is surely one of my all-time favourites, the epitome of what I call \\"Stop-the-Remote\\" movies.  For whenever it pops up on television, I'm compelled to watch it to the end.  And smile the whole way through.
0399146253|1.0|I read some of Cornwell's earlier books but grew tired of them for some reason. I decided to try this one and got to page 85, at which point she was still recapitulating what happened, I surmise, in the previous book. But readers read to find out what happens in the current book, not in some earlier one. I stopped reading.
6304595247|5.0|I've read this book three times...for three different literature classes, so I am well-versed in the story.  It is EXCELLENT.  How much better can Ralph Fiennes get?  I know some people don't like it because it is depressing, but that's what it is!  Read the book!  It's depressing!  Ralph just steals the movie---with his torment, all-consuming love/hate, smoldering eyes that speak more than mere words.  He IS Heathcliff.  Juliette Binoche is also good.  RUN, don't walk to buy this!  Don't let the bad reviews prevent you from watching this.  Maybe you should hold a potted plant under your eyes.  Something should benefit from the tears you WILL shed from this movie.  Bravo!
B00005KARK|4.0|A great little movie about individuality and uniqueness.  A celebration of diversity and strength of character.  From Dumbo believing in himself as the world's only flying elephant, to Casey Jr, the circus train who \\"thought he could\\".  A playful and mischievous tale to captivate children and delight adults.  Witness it's ability to elicit a tear from the military, in Steven Spielberg's wartime comedy \\"1941\\".  It's full of beautiful and catchy songs, and clever characters, with the politically incorrect black crows, and some of the most inspired animation ever, with the non-PC \\"Pink Elephants on Parade\\".  Enjoy it through the eyes of a child.<br />But \\"Dumbo 2\\"?  The big question is: WHEN WILL DISNEY STOP MAKING SEQUELS TO THEIR CLASSICS?! Please stop now!<br />We DON'T want to see \\"Snow White & the EIGHT Dwarfs\\", \\"Bride of Hunchback\\", \\"Pinocchio Hits ...\\", or a live action version of \\"Pocohontas\\" (wasn't it that anyway?).. and \\"288 Dalmations\\" is definitely two ...! (yes, bad pun intended)<br />Stop messing with our memories!  Stop making sequels!  Stop making remakes!  Stop making sequels to remakes.  Did the Disney company ever hear the phrase \\"happily ever after\\"?  That's when a child's own imagination is meant to take over.  Leave it at that!<br />Some things were meant to be keep in a state of suspended animation (maybe even Walt).  Yes, you're one of the biggest corporations in the world.. but how much more greedy can you get? How about concentrating on your new material?  Warners has caught up already and outclassed you with \\"The Iron Giant\\".  Develop fresh ideas and reward originality and creativity.. or you'll run out of back-catalogue to plunder!
B00005B36H|5.0|Tool is my favorite band, and I have been waiting for this CD for quite some time.  Although it doesn't have the hard edge that Aenima had, it's still excellent.  It's softer and more ethereal and gorgeous.  The songs are almost trance-like, and Maynard guides you with his voice... it travels.  Songs such as Disposition and Parabol/Parabola take you places.  It's a beautiful album, and I highly, highly recommend it.  Words can do no justice to Tool.
B000002H70|5.0|i first listened to this album in the summer of '89 when i was 16.  i remember i bought the tape, came home from school, layed down in the living room, and listened to the entire album with one break (to flip the tape).  it was by far one of the most incredible listening experiences i have ever had.
0375703764|3.0|As another reviewer has mentioned, it is a great undertaking to read House of Leaves.  I, as a lot of other readers of this book, was prompted to read it because I am a fan of Poe. (The singer, not the writer, although I do like Edgar Allan.  Heh.)  There are some incredibly mind-blowing parts to this book- some parts that are so well written you have to stop yourself to remember to breathe.  But the format does get in the way, and the constant reference material that is thrown in between chapters, and the page flipping back and forth to keep up with both narrators gets very frustrating at times. Pretty soon the beauty of the book is lost in the chaos and I could not faithfully finish it because I was so disappointed with the development of the story.  However, it is an experience, and maybe if you are more patient than I, you will enjoy this book.
B00000G3PA|1.0|I thought TWISTER was the worst movie that was also a huge hit I'd ever seen. But, unbelievably, I found a hit movie that was even worse: ARMAGEDDON. Literally, I think it would be hard to make a worse movie even if you TRIED. And I mean that!!
0553278398|5.0|A compelling story that took me a couple weeks to read because I couldn't put it down. The character, plot, action, and love in this story were very realistic and has a great surprise ending!<br />This is a definite!
6304938241|5.0|I loved this film. It's based on a Henry James novel, and I hate Henry James's contrived writing. So that I loved this film is a minor miracle. But I loved this film.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|I saw this movie yesterday, and since then I've read a bunch of reviews of it, many of them negative.  Well, it takes a lot for me to really like a movie, and Moulin Rouge is one of my favorite movies ever.  Even if you didn't like the movie, you can't deny Luhrman's courage as a director.  McGregor and Kidman were fantastic, in roles that were not exactly easy performances.  I thought hands down the best part of the movie was the Roxanne &quot;segment&quot;.  If you think that you're going to wait for it to come out on video, I don't think that you should.  This is a big, in your face movie and you need to see it on the big screen.  Go see this movie.
B00005ATQE|5.0|...Kubrick's masterpiece seems a lot more like the era that I remember; it's also a much better reflection of the attitude of GIs I knew who didn't know or care what they were fighting for and resented the people they were supposedly helping as much as those people resented them. And Lee Ermey is, literally, the real thing. His DI would tear off Berenger's and Dafoe's heads...This is war without the heroism, romanticism, and High Ideals of all the other dreck that has been evacuated out of the bowels of Hollywood. The best movie about war that I've seen since Kubrick's earlier Paths of Glory.
B0000029J5|5.0|I could write several thousand words about Keb Mo's talent but that would be wasting everyone's time. Just buy this album and invest the time to play it once and you will become a Keb Mo disciple. This album is incredible, I just don't understand why we dont hear more about him
6304696566|5.0|John Ford's classic still stands the test of time
B000002UAR|5.0|This is it - the definitive album that marked the transition of these four great musicians from just a talented pop group to an inovative force that permanantly and irreversibly changed the face of modern music.  The lyric s are powerful and deal with much deeper issues than boy/girl relationships. Tracks as diverse as Eleanor Rigby and Taxman compete with the chemically induced Doctor Robert. Influences from their  TM/Indian period are there with interesting use of many different instruments<br />People often think of Stg Peppers LHCB as the &quot;big album&quot;...its not - listen to Revolver and you will recognize all the cues.<br />If I could own only one beatles album this would be it - it's the best and I dare say that if it was issued today for the first time, it would be very succesful.<br />Buy it - its a classic
0767818040|5.0|It's Hichcokian, but it's still unique De Palma.  One of those movies that you stay up late to watch and end up getting wrapped up in the atmosphere, mystery etc
080017948X|5.0|The idea of Groundhog's day is an excellent one. The question is raised, &quot;What if you had a second chance.&quot; To make things right, to clear your conscience, or even to say I love you. But, what if you were given not only one chance, but three then four. Slightly drastic?<br />What if you lived every day over and over again until you had achieved the mission of that day. Confusing? (I always say that when I get jumbled.) Well, don't be confused. If I was in the position to relive my life, knowing what I know now, by jove I think I would be a tad more towards the bright side. (As Monty said) It is true that this is a comedy, because you wonder as time goes by, &quot;When will it all end!&quot;<br />The character Murray plays is a perfect one for him. Someone who thinks they have it all together, then when they take a second look, then a fourth, realizes he is really more in the dark than he ever expected. But there is a deeper, and very serious side to the story (As there should be in atleast one out of ten comedies)...when you love someone, and don't tell them, what is the result?<br />Time after time He bumfundles his days trying to learn the every waking fact about the girl he's fallen in love with. I liked this stuff, and if you ever wondered what the same day twice looks like, see this baby. (Plus, if you have the kinda crush I have on Andie Macdowell {next to her being Geena Davis} then your gonna like it.) 5 stars for good questions, answers and a great story...<br />The idea of Groundhog's Day is an excellent one. The question is raised, &quot;What if you had a second chance...&quot;
6305132984|5.0|West Side Story has never looked better!
079073639X|2.0|I am giving an updated review on the dvd version of this film, so here it goes. The dvd, as far as quality, is great. I hate to be just another person that says the book was better...but it was. Sphere, the movie, is housed with wonderful talents...but what I may say now will probably shock you. Even though the book had more than enough dialogue for the characters...they didn't use it. In the audio commentary, Samuel L. Jackson says that they would make up the dialogue right before shooting, sometimes while shooting. They did good. But, I think an 86 million dollar production could suffice for a few screenwriters. If I had 86 mil I think I could probable squeeze it into my budget. I will give one area of the dvd 5 stars, and that would be the theatrical trailer. It does wonders for suckering you into wanting to see the movie, and rattles the stuffins outta your sound system. I hate being decieved about things, such as the back of the dvd which reads: \\"Audio commentary by Dustin hoffman and Samuel L. Jackson!\\"  But only the absolute reverse is true. I think Hoffman, though I am sure he had measure, didn't say 4 lines, while Jackson talked the entire time about everything. If it had said \\"Jackson, with Hoffman\\" (even though you can tell they aren't together) I would have made allowances. I liked listening to Jackson, he was excited about the movie, and seemed blessed just to be there. Hoffman Explained why the movie failed. 5 stars for Jackson.  There is still a movie to be made, when enough time has passed for hollywood to be allowed a remake. I may be old and gray be then, but by golly, I will go and see it.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|This is one of the Best musicals there is. I hope to see it on Broadway someday! I love the music and the way it went well together. Nicoal Kidman can sing very well... i would love to hear more from her too. I was blowin away by this movies/musical... The album as a mix of everything... From rap  to classical stuff. It is all around wonderful. I mean a musical done w/ music of my time. Its great. I think everyone one should have this album. Go buy it :)
0894803123|5.0|This is a great ice cream cookbook - it's easy &amp; funny to read.  The recipies turn out quite similar to the products sold in the store.  Definitely an easy-to-use cookbook.  Simple.
B00005BJ2O|3.0|Like many people I went to see Moulan Rouge in the theater and was absolutely blown away.  This is what movie making used to be all about.  A dynamic visual and aural extravaganza.  On a high I rushed out to purchase the soundtrack to only be utterly dissappointed.  One of the things that made the film so remarkable was the manner in which it took sachrinal pop songs which we are all familiar with and crafted them into the structure of a musical theater experience.  You would never know that about the film by listening to the soundtrack.  The album producers compromise that musical theater experience in favor of assembling what comes across as your typical, run of the mill soundtrack of a film.  You have your sprinkling of obvious radio fodder by pop stars with the filler of actual music from the film.  Take for example the decision to not include some of the songs from the film (most dissapointing of which is the missing rendition of Like a Virgin).  Also recall the poiniant flow in the film of Kidman's One Day I'll Fly Away into the duet between her and MCGregor of Elephant Love Medely.  Well now we have one of those radio fodder, pop star songs between them.  Also, repeatedly omitted is the spoken introductions/segues into the songs (most missed of which is the begining of Tango Roxanne).  Finally, we find ourselves deprived versions of the songs as they appear in the film such as the masterful melding of Lady Marmalade and Smells Like Teen Spirit.  I can't imagine what the producers were thinking.  Maybe they figure if we don't give them what was so magical about the film on the soundtrack then they'll just have to keep on seeing the movie again.  Whatever the reason maybe we can hope for a More Mulan Rouge soundtrack in the future which will remain truer to the film.  Until then I suppose this soundtrack will have to do.
B000002H33|5.0|Like many younger Metallica fans (read teen to early twenties)I started out listening to their &quot;Black&quot; album, which I thought to be probably the best album ever made (this from a life-long rap  &amp; hip-hop fan).  However, the more I listen to their earlier stuff, the better it sounds.  I would have to say that Master of Puppets surpasses teh &quot;Black&quot; album in almost every way.  The guitar riffs and solos are masterful throughout the album and lyrics (particularly on Welcome Home (Sanitarium)) are just sick.  What makes Metallica so great is their ability to mix speed metal with slower, &quot;relaxed&quot; interludes, and Master of Puppets highlights this perfectly.
B00005ASHM|5.0|Yes it is a strong statement.  What about the Beatles?  They released unbelievable albums, no doubt, but this is miles ahead of anything the Beatles did.  Yes, the Beatles can and are considered the greatest pop/rock group of all time, but Pet Sounds is the greatest album of all time.  The reason it's on a higher step than any of the Beatles album is that not only does Pet Sounds have lush and beautiful songs, its production is mind-boggling.  <br />Brian Wilson's production is just unbelievable.  Everytime one listens to each song more and more, more instruments, noises, and sounds become apparent.  Who would have thought at the time to use bicycle whistles, dog barks, locomotives, and car horns in a pop album?  Not to mention that the production technology available to Wilson at the time was no state-of-the-art.  With only a 4-track available, Wilson somehow created an album that prevailed as a lush, orchestra-like pop record that managed to cram a huge number of instruments with such little technology.<br />&quot;Wouldn't it be nice,&quot; the charming, beautiful opener, is filled with classic Beach Boys harmonies, but plenty of instruments and a sense of maturity.  Horns, accordians, organs, and more, this song has it all.<br />&quot;That's Not Me&quot; is one song that doesn't include the lush orchestrations of most of the songs on the album, yet the Beach Boys harmonies pretty much propell the song into greatness.<br />&quot;I'm Waiting for the Day&quot; is definitely one of my favorite tracks on the album. The strongest instrument of the nine instruments found on the song (there is a english horn, organ, ukulele, for example) is the drums.  Some of the greatest percussion I've heard on a song.<br />&quot;Sloop John B&quot;, another outstanding track, has a thumping bass, as well as a unique use of the glockenspiel.  Great lyrics, harmonies.  Its an obvious standout in the album.<br />&quot;God Only Knows&quot; is quite possibly one of the most beautiful pop songs of all time.  The Beach Boys included God in a song, which was not exactly done at the time.<br />&quot;I Just Wasn't Made for These Times&quot; sums up Brian Wilson's and the album's misplacement in 60's pop music scene.  Its the musical representation of Pet Sounds being totally out of place and ahead of its time.<br />The instrumental &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; is one of my favorite tracks, just because its a lush, lounge-like, laid back track.  An unbelievable use of horns.<br />This album is phenomenal in every way.  Having more innovations than any album at its time, as well as today makes it truly wonderful and remarkable.  The stereo remix that was done on the album is great, and, unlike the Beatles stereo remixes, doesn't have listener feeling as if the album is being cut up for the listeners ears.  I know it's strong statement to say this is the greatest album of all time, but I strongly support it.
0385335482|5.0|My friends would call me somewhat of a cynic, so the fact that I enjoyed this book is already quite an achievement.  Even more astonishing, I absolutely adored this novel with its insane main character Becky focused so intently on shopping.  I have never laughed out loud so much at a novel.  Becky had so many intricate lies to diminish her debt; much as is the case in my personal life.  The ways Becky manages to rationalize every purchase and life choice is so farfetched, but I know I've thought those things before as well.  One of my personal favorites is the part where Becky gets a job in retail and spends her time shopping instead of working.  Then when she is asked to work in the dressing rooms, she sees a shopper walking in with the last pair of the pants Becky was going to buy.  The scene that ensues is pure comedy.  The underlying romance was a fairytale come true.  I don't think I have ever read a novel where the narrator addressed the reader, until this one.  These asides managed to force the reader to care about the character on a more personal level.  It was fabulously funny throughout.
B00000ILDE|5.0|Aliens, the best sci fi action movie ever!!!The cast is the best,the plot actually sticks to the whole story,and the  marines were badass or, state of the badass art I should say. Everything about the movie was great!Having the extra 17 minutes doesnt really make a big difference.In the Aliens Trilogy the order of best to worst(not saying any of them was bad at all)Goes,1.Aliens 2.Alien 3.Alien Ressurection 4.Alien 3
B00003CXRP|5.0|To say this film is great is an understatement! The thought of one actor on screen almost the entire film is what really scared the audience away. And especially when you have to sit in uncomfortable seat for 2 hours and 20 minutes. But Tom Hanks (Forrest Gump, Philadelphia) give another oscar worthy performance as Chuck Noland, a FedEx employee whos always on the go. Leaving very little time for his girlfriend Kelly, Played by Helen Hunt (What Women Want, Twister).<br />As their family sits down for Christmas dinner Chuck is sent out on another business venture. Leaving on a ill-fated plane, which crashes, Chuck must put everything he knows to use as he is stranded on a deserted island. You will feel this movie deep down.<br />From the diffrent hard ships Chuck must face all obstacles in the riveting look at how one man beat all odds. As obstacle after obstacle Chuck meets up to the challenge.<br />If you loved Forrest Gump, your in suprise for another superb film by Robert Zemeckis, as he teams up once again with Academy Award Winner Tom Hanks. A film that will touch your heart and elightened your soul! <br />I have seen it 11 times and counting!
0060934913|5.0|When I decided to become a follower in this industry there were three things I vowed:<br />1) Not to become an alcholic,<br />2) Not to become a drug addict,<br />3) If I married, that it would survive.<br />#1 and #2 some how are in place,  but #3 I am a casaulty. You work when people are playing, you play when people are sleeping, and just maybe, you get some sleep before you do it all over again!  The chapter &quot;A day in the life&quot; tells the truth of what it is all about, no matter how big or small the operation is.<br />&quot;his heart sunk&quot;; when the waiter did not know what proscuitto was! This truly is painful. It is painful when those in the real world of the buisness don't understand what it means when it is said &quot;what ever it takes&quot;<br />Thank you Chef!
0780622553|2.0|I gave this movie one star for the incredibly freaky, yet artistic setting of the movie. I gave it another star because the overall story IS good. Unfortunatly, Hollywood has again succeeded in messing up a movie that had potential. This movie was a total and complete waste of my time. It's so confusing that it gave me a headache. Not only that, the characters aren't developed enough, the acting is lousy, and the ending was totally and completly stupid. It didn't scare me; it bored me to tears.
B00005A1PR|4.0|Judging by the Album cover I thought it was going to be along the lines or Ladysmith Black Mam... whoever! I was watching MTV and saw &quot;Video&quot;, totally swayed me, this album is a must, very similar to Jill Scott in terms of, put it on, sit back and enjoy the ease of listening... very calming &amp; soothing music.
B00005B36H|5.0|Unlike Korn,Limp Bizkit,Coal Chamber,Spineshake,and Slipknot who's albums are very poorly written Tool is the real deal.If you like Radiohead or Depeche Mode you will most likely love Tool.At first it is about a minute of music that makes you feel confused and makes you wonder what the song is going to be like then when the words come in you are just blown away.Some of my favorites are &quot;Schism&quot;,&quot;Lateralis&quot;,and &quot;Reflection&quot;. Tool's &quot;Lateralus&quot; is the album of the year and i highly recomend this CD to you.
B00005B36H|5.0|... somewhere along the way, Tool have lost the unique subtlety that made Aeanima the fantastic and breathtaking experience it is, and replaced it with something heavier, more pompous, gloomier. Something more Lateralus.<br />But dont forget, Lateralus still is by far the best thing on the charts right now. So, if you know Tool already, go out and buy it. Play it and don't forget to give it some time. I was disappointed at first, complained about it to my friends, but finally it grew on my. But still Aenima is favorite.<br />However, if you don't know Tool, I wouldn't recommend Lateralus as an introduction. First get to know Aenima, then get Lateralus. Or better yet, buy Aenima first, then Undertow and Opiate and finally Lateralus. Spoiling yourself with Salival somewhere along the way.
0553062182|2.0|I was disappointed in the book. It didn't tell me much more than I already knew. I was hoping for some solid coping skills or other ways to survive in a noisey, smelly, rude world. I learned that I was probably born being highly sensitive. I knew I had  this trait from an early age. So? What is the solution??? Ear plugs? Padded rooms? (yes, I padded my room). It is easy to write about the problem. How about a few suggestions to de-sensitize our nervous systems (medication apparently doesn't work well for me anyway), or something besides avoidance, which is pretty much impossible without moving to a deserted area. Not  practical, even if it were available.
B00004VWA7|5.0|Speechless, breathtaking. I remember vividly. 1977. The true music world has already accepted(with three open hands) fussion of jazz with rock(though this definition is not always true, better to say &quot;music with more truth&quot;). It  was wintertime, and i received a call from my friend Gordan for joining him and taste some new LP records. And history begun. After first tones and chords, we did not realize that we had the most divine  experience in our simple and stupid high school lives. JACO. Jaco.  Emotions. Heavy and oblique, and dark and lucid, and lyric and fender(ish)and sweet and misterious, and definite and classical, and hystorical and joyfull. Life. Oh, thanks god i was alive and young that time and I was not then with my definite taste about music. Jaco changed my views about music, improvisation and composition. And I think , the most important he changed my way of feeling particular tones of music. The &quot; F&quot; tone on Jaco's fretless 1960 jazzbass (with four of five famous scratches and fissuraes) is not the same tone on any electric bass in the world ever recorded. You immediately know----&quot;It's Jaco&quot; And what a tone. Is any medical or psichological explanation about the feeling of Jacos walking fretless , full of false harmonics melody line. Is there any medical explanation why you fall in love with a woman? Of course not.<br />Buy this album, accept the electric bass god, look into his cool(cat) sometimes tired floridian face. Try to feel him. Dont judge.Only listen.<br />Welcome neophyte listener. Welcome into new world.
B0000069NM|5.0|This album is outstanding.  The mix between Sco and MMW is insane.  It gives you a great lesson in the subtle complexeties of simple grooves.  The song forms are simple, but the group expands and contracts, adding tension and releasing, and responding to each other, which all helps to form great musical communication that is hard to come by.  They all listen so well and have a great understanding of where the pocket is.  Get it, you will be very happy with it!
0380788624|4.0|--------------------- The Good --------------------- <br />Gut-bustingly funny at some points, knife-sharp wit at others, sometimes both together.   Proves it's possible to have compelling (fun!) reading about Ultra Mega Geek topics: cryptography, computers, cyberspace infrastructure, and (of course) Manual Overrides.<br />Plot grabs you and doesn't let go -- page-turner with eclectic carnival of concepts beyond immediate story. <br />Real stuff is real, rest is plausible -- enormous amount of research with whip-smart detail.<br />Resonance patterns require and reward second (third, fourth, nth) thought.<br />--------------------- Where's the Editor / WTF??? --------------------- <br />910 pages (thud) -- 200 to 250 of which should have had one of those Nipponese bayonets taken to them. Writing is consistently facile (you will be entertained on every page), but spirit is diluted. There is a better, shorter book inside this one, even for fans of the Victorian by-the-pound school.<br />Plot relies on overly-logical Catch-22ish scenarios (if X does A, Y _will_ do B, Z _must_ do C), some of which are never resolved satisfactorily. <br />Y-chromosome saturation -- featured subspecies of male are nailed to the wall, but zippo for broader male and female perspectives. Given historical/subject context, females are necessarily on outside, but just making them unsolvable ciphers to Lawrence/Randy (irony with a brickbat?) -- and by extension the reader -- doesn't cut it in such big terrain. Don't have to be a PC pomo deconstructionist to want more varied character range, even given a believable America Shaftoe (who still periodically comes annoyingly close to Lara Kroft zone). Perhaps a Beryl in larger role would have helped.<br />Coincidometer goes DEEP into the red.<br />150 km/h brick-wall ending. *WHAM*  Dnouement? At least some kind of (literal) payoff? Not in a sequel, but here please!<br />--------------------- What Hurts --------------------- <br />Two-thirds of thisbook's DNA is extracted directly from Gravity's Rainbow. Intentional or not, repeated similarities at deep levels are unavoidable and at times painful.<br />Snow Crash and The Diamond Age both were massively influential because of their trailblazing conceptual freshness -- each page practically had machete marks. Cryptonomicon is wider and deeper than either, and obviously draws on many other  resources, but ultimately feels like big shoeprints inside still bigger dinosaur tracks. I love it, but fervently wish Stephenson had chosen a different path to the final product. Maybe that was impossible, but he owes Pynchon at least one royalty check.<br />------- Recommendation -------<br />Read Cryptonomicon for amazing experience about encryption. Then read Gravity's Rainbow to experience amazing encryption.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|First off - DON'T buy this CD unless you see the movie. You won't appreciate it as it should be appreciated. I thought it was a fabulous film and the love story was breathtaking. The music - incredible. Especially love #6,10 &amp; 11 because they take me back to those magical moments in the film that give me hope for a love like that. I love this CD!
B000009EHU|5.0|When America's favorite paperback of recent times, &quot;The Exorcist&quot; premiered as a movie in 1973, it was carnival time in theatre lobbys and Hollywood corporate headquarters. The film took in big profits and patrons were behaving as if they too were possessed by the devil. Long lines waited to see swirling heads, defrocked priests and a little girl who was no Shirley Temple. People freaked, ran from the theatre, got sick. The news press reported of ambulances arriving at theatres to escort ill patrons to the hospital. I remember many a cold night standing in the snow waiting to get another look at this ... show. When those lobby doors closed it was like being trapped in a cage with a ferocious animal. The chaos on the screen was only matched by the chaos in the theatre where people alternately laughed and genuinely screamed at the ridicolous horror, sometimes in the same breath uncontrolably.  As kids, we couldn't get enough of it. I must had seen it five times in it's premier week, every show a packed house of 'Rocky Horror' responses that were never planned. &quot;The Exorcist&quot; was the tabloid 'catch phrase' of the day. It seems every church group in America was protesting the movie. There was talk that the story was based on the demonic possession of a Hollywood celebrity's child, we all knew who and we all believed it! We were told the real Catholic priests who played themselves in the movie were being ex-communicated from The Catholic Church, and yes, it's true, the Catholic Church rarely performs exorcisms. It was a glorious media ... circus and it retains that manipulative capitalist soul sucking spirit today. And to some of us it remains very dear. You see, the youth in 1973 could point up to the screen to a puke discharging, head spinning, foul-mouthed little girl with a fondness for crucifixes and say, &quot;You know, some days I feel like that.&quot;
B000001Y5J|5.0|there are only listed on the back six songs but when you put in the cd it says on your radio 99. and between the 99 not much but still are a couple more songs. a really good one to try is #99 last track its awesome. anyways just had to inform people who know or dont know but 5 star cd.
B000009QPK|5.0|This is one Hell of a record.One of the only TRUE live CD's ever made.No fan trax.No overdubbing whatsoever.Just Pure live Slayer.Slayer IS the best live band in the history of metal,and this CD makes you fell almost as if you are at a live show.There are 21 trax on this CD and every one of them is a Slayer classic.They cover every Albumn to date.This is the last Slayer record with Dave Lombardo behind the drum kit.Dave is probibly the best Heavy metal dummer out there,and he is on point on this CD.His work is amazing on this record.If you have never seen Slayer live I recomend you buy this CD.If you are thinking about buying a Slayer Albumn for the first time You should get this CD.I promise you that you will find yourself heading to the record store to Buy all the Slayer Studio albums you can get your hands on after hearing how good they are live.
0783240236|5.0|This is the first &quot;WHEN NATURE GOES CRAZY&quot; movie (or at least the first one that was good.)  It's a classic and I recommend it to anyone.  It paved the way for films like JAWS
B00003CXBK|5.0|Honestly, I think that this is a terrific film. Not only because of the pictures, but the plot really got me engrossed into it. It delivers the truth between humans and nature (i being a &quot;tree-hugger&quot; myself). The story touched my heart and I am positive that it will touch yours.
0783225849|5.0|but PSYCHO is perhaps one of the greatest movie's ever made (Due to the fact that it was directed by the Greatest director that ever lived.)  The acting is great, especially Anthony Perkins and Janet Leigh.  The story is great (and much better than the book.)  And the suspense is great.  This movie opened the door for all of the horror movies we have today, but still none of them come close to being half as good as Psycho.
B000006TRV|5.0|Wow....<br />What can I say about this album that hasn't been said already?  I DO, however disagree with many of the die-hard Floydians that hail &quot;Wall&quot; as the bands best work.  Yet I cannot ignore the fact that this is one of the most creative, original, and artistic concept albums in the history of music; and that fans and critics alike concure with this notion insures that this work will be looked to and emulated for as long as music is a part of human existance.<br />First off, the downfalls.  This is NOT Floyd at its &quot;musical&quot; best.  Creative best, maybe.  But &quot;Meddle,&quot; &quot;Dark Side,&quot; &quot;Wish You Were Here,&quot; and &quot;Animals&quot; are far superior in the COLLECTIVE effort of the band.  Instead, by 1979 the release time of &quot;Wall,&quot; Roger Waters had pretentiously taken over the band; all songwriting, all lyrics, all orchestrated arrangements.  Just as with the Beatles, the sum of four is greater than the individual works combined.  The band worked beter when they were ALL contributing, specifically David Gilmoure.  In fact, Waters had become so controlling of the bands output, that he almost excluded &quot;Comfortably Numb&quot; from the album because the music was written by Gilmoure.  Only after the band threatened to walk out on Waters did he agree to let it stay, on the condition that he would write the lyrics.  Not believing in his bandmates abilities, Waters wrote the words for &quot;C. Numb&quot; in a matter of 20 minutes and then they recorded it, just in time for the album's extrication.  Well, that song remains for many radio stations the most requested song of all-time.<br />Now lets not put down Mr. Waters TOO much.  It was his confidence and arrogence that made him the incredible songwriter and musician that he had become.  Creatively, WATERS (himself) is at his best.  The rest of the band just wasn't allowed to be....  Waters in two years (&quot;Animals&quot; being released in 1977) composed all but four of the album's 26 tracks by himself (he co-wrote the other four), created a story about a worn-out, druggie rock star named Pink and his life's events that isolated him from society, and even directed the stage-play and movie that would accompany the album's concept.  Quite a feat, by any means.  And the music, words, and images that are conveyed by this classic double-album from one of the biggest, most successful, and yes BEST bands the world has ever seen will help it stand the test of time.  It's been 22 long years and &quot;The Wall&quot; is still something to behold.  The story will be no different in the next 22 years.  So, *kodos* to Waters, Gilmoure, Wright, and Mason on one of the most influential albums of all-time.
B00003CXC7|5.0|This classic film is recognized as not only Hitchcock's most ingenious achievement, but as one of the most ingenious films in the history of Hollywood.  It's the best example of Hitchcock's brilliance, and Hitchcock made it at a time he hit his creative peak in the 50's, which spawned a number of classics like Vertigo, The Man Who Knew Too Much, and North By Northwest.<br />On a psychological level it causes the audience to feel what James Stewart feels for the most part because you see what he sees; and therefore, the audience feels guilty for being curious like James Stewart, sometimes, feels.  The voyeurism drags the audience in from the beginning right until the end, but the audience can't help but be captivated by what they (or James Stewart) sees out of the rear window.<br />The way Hitchcock puts his audience into an unusually enjoyable seat from beginning-to-end, is remarkable.  Though he makes the audience feel guilty for being voyeurs, Hitchcock saves his audience from all of the shame and guilt with humor and comic relief that's added by the strange love-hate relationship between Grace Kelly and James Stewart.  Thelma Ritter also adds humor to the film with her charm and, sometimes, brash honesty.  She is the character that the audience wants to relate with the most because she's quite loveable and easy going.  In a classic line, she describes her husband and herself as \\"a couple of maladjusted misfits.\\"  However, most of the audience can only bond with Grace Kelly and James Stewart because, like most people, they lead complicated lives and are very different maladjusted misfits, who aren't proud of it. <br />Sexuality in this film is also rather strangely unique because it's there, but it's not all there.  Between the two main characters, the sexuality in Rear Window is still considered the most unusual in any film, which is once again, because of the odd love-hate relationship between Jeff and Lisa.<br />In terms of suspense, the master doesn't fail.  In fact, some people argue that Rear Window is the most suspenseful film Hitchcock ever created, while others say it was Psycho.  Either way, this film is one of the most thrilling pictures ever made, even by today's standards.  The suspense is uniquely based around the most basic human action.  The reaction.  It's very simple suspense, and Hitchcock doesn't use the brilliant camera angles or pans that he uses in other pictures.  The camera shows James Stewart watching a neighbor.  The camera shows what the neighbor is doing.  The camera shows Stewart's reaction, and Hitchcock's use of guilt adds tension to the suspense, which builds and builds until the climaxing moment when Lisa gets caught in the neighbor's apartment.  Even the extraordinary climax uses the same suspense, James Stewart watching, James Stewart reacting.  The genius story, wonderful actors, amazing set, stylish clothing, and the simple use of the cameras makes this film more suspenseful and terrifying than any other film of its genre, with the exception of a few other Hitchcock films.  This film represents the genius in Hitchcock.
1558801871|4.0|This movie by Spike Lee demonstrates why he is one of the leading directors of ethnic movies today.  His combination of  Denzel Washington and Wesley Snipes was a treat for females of all ages.  The chemistry they exuded was magical.  This film had some of the film industry's best saxophone playing ever.  The music was electrying and hypnotizing.  The story was very moving and realistic as it follows the rise and fall of  a musician and the people that come into his life when he's at the top and when he hits the bottom.  An adult movie that will stay with you long after the movie ends.
B00004Z459|5.0|First time I saw the commercial for the CD, I thought it'd be another Limp Bizkit type band, almost wanna-be's. Then I heard 'One Step Closer' During ECW on Farmclub.com, and thought the song was amazing. So I picked up the CD. I think it was the best 15 bucks I've ever spent. I've never heard a CD when I liked EVERY song! The Vocalist don't even swear and pump out excellent and meaningful lyrics, instead of sayin f**k every other sentence. Don't get me wrong, I like bands like Limp Bizkit and Disturbed, but these guys are simply the best. They also manage to succesfully blend Rap, Rock, Hip Hop, and Electric together. also, these guys speak their minds and point out the emotions of teens and some older audiences. Each song simply: Papercut - Great opening, gets you pumped, and great rapping, plus Chester Bennington does the chorus great.<br />One Step Closer - Awesome, what got these guys our attention. somewhat calm during the verses, then great chorus action. The whole 'Shut up when I'm talking to you' part was a bit unneeded, but otherwise this is my favorite song (besides Crawling, I'll get to that soon)<br />With You - Lots of electronics, then calm verse followed by excellent 'Yelling'. Pretty kewl song<br />Points of Authority - Dunno what the point of the title is, but this is one of the medium song (Not alot of yelling, nor softness) and is a pretty kewl song.<br />Crawling - My favorite song, one of my top favorite songs from ANY band or singer, and the most beautiful song I've ever heard. It's soft, then gets loud (In a very good way), and has beautiful lyrics and is done great. Awesome.<br />Runaway - Another really good one, and probaly one of the best when you see Chaz Bennington's talented voice without yelling. The lyrics are great and kind point the fear in some teens. Great song.<br />By Myself - The most aggressive song on the CD, but pretty kewl song.<br />In The End - Another really beautiful song with awesome lyrics, and show's Mike Shinoda'stalents minus rapping.<br />A Place for my Head - Ok, This shows of Mike Shinoda's great talents as a rapper. Great song with more cool lyrics.<br />Forgotten - Most Hip-Hop of the CD. Decent stuff here.<br />Cure for the Itch - Obviosly they were jus messing around here, but its in a good way, and show's of Joe Hahn's talents as the DJ/Sampler. Kinda reminds ya of a Dark (emotionally, not physically) place.<br />Pushing Me Away - AWESOME closing song and leaves you with the feeling that that you're 15 bucks was well spent.<br />So basically, awesome CD. Linkin Park, Keep up the great work.
B00003CY3W|4.0|Best friends Enid and Rebecca graduate from high school and find themselves forced to enter the real world.  Enid (more than Rebecca) is a counter-culture rebel who hates this world of frauds and losers, and she subsequently has trouble getting and keeping a job.  One day the girls decide to play a prank on a lonely middle-aged loser named Seymour.  Their plan backfires, though, and Enid becomes a little obsessed with the man.  First she feels sorry for Seymour, then he becomes something of a hero to her, and she resolves to help him at least find a girlfriend.  &quot;Maybe I just cant stand the thought of a world where a guy like you can't get a date,&quot; she tells him. Meanwhile, Enid seems to be avoiding the challenge of getting her own life started.<br /><br />Terry Zwigoff (&quot;Crumb&quot;) directs this film based on a script by Dan Clowes, who also created the original comic book.  &quot;Ghost World&quot; attempts to be a kitsch-free, counter-culture coming of age film, and for the most part it succeeds.  The characters are very believable, honest, and engaging.  The downbeat Seymour is wonderfully played by Steve Buscemi, and Thora Birch in her striking performance as Enid follows up her &quot;American Beauty&quot; role with another discontent, misfit teen character.  Perhaps the greatest disappointment in the film, however, is that Scarlett Johansson as Rebecca is marginalized midway through the film.  Regarding the story: It is debatable whether the film is entirely free of kitsch.  As with &quot;American Beauty,&quot; Seymour's sudden romantic options smell of middle-aged wish fulfillment.  Also, one might ask for a slightly tighter ending, as the film finishes without much resolution--except for one rather simple but touching scene between Enid and Seymour.  On the whole, however, the film is a delight, producing some very memorable characters to whom, in the end, the audience will be sorry to say goodbye.
B000002TRM|4.0|Out in l.a. would be a welcome addition to any Red hot chili pepper fans collection. It is an unusual mix of demo tracks, remix's and live recordings, the amazing castles made of sand being among the latter. The title of this c.d. Out in l.a. is also the name of the chili's very first song which is a track well worth listening to along with the quirky Flea fly. In conclusion, anyone used to the bands brand of enthusiasm, origianality and talent will not be dissapointed with this 19 track disc.
B00005AAFS|5.0|If you can get over the ghastly cover art (not to mention the pictures of the band), this is Rammstein's best work to date!  It is melodic, musical, shocking and spellbinding.  The album starts off gently with Mein Herz Brennt, which is a good thing, this disk requires this type of introduction. It immediately picks up with a quick marching paced Links 2 3 4.  By the time Ich Will starts up on track 4, you are pulled into the void and being thrashed, but you'll like it.<br />My personally favorite track is Spieluhr, the background techno-vocal tracks on this track are haunting.  Mutter is horrifying!  If you like Rammstein's earlier work, you'll love this CD.  It feels a bit less edgy than SeinSucht, but the polish is accompanied by a deepness and a hauntingly complexity.
B0000085N4|5.0|If you must buy one recording by The Cult, this is the one.  I would give very few records 5 stars, but 1989's 'Sonic Temple' is one of them.  Emerging from the late 1980s era of glam metal and mindless dance music, this was the welcomed return of rock music - a perfect combination of the ethereal elements of The Cult's major label debut, 'Love', and the bombastic rock of their sophmore outing, 'Electric'.  Of course, everyone knows &quot;Fire Woman,&quot; the record's catchy jam, and &quot;Edie&quot;, the tribute to Warhol's muse which defied the contemporary power-ballad circa 1989.  All the familiar Cult themes are here - peace (&quot;Soldier Blue&quot;), Native American (&quot;American Horse&quot;), drug-culture (&quot;Medicine Train&quot;).  But unlike their other efforts, this record is top-notch from start to finish - the Zeppelinesque &quot;Soul Asylum&quot;, the anthemic &quot;Wake Up Time for Freedom&quot;, and the manic &quot;New York City&quot; (with appropriate backing vocals by Iggy Pop) - putting the ROCK back into Alternative Rock with the help of producer Bob Rock (who would go on to produce Metallica's eponymous and most successful record, as well as the new Cult album).
0783226063|2.0|In a lofty gesture, the Emperor of the Known Universe has granted sovereignty over Arrakis to Duke Leto Atreides. Little does Leto know, however, that the Emperor secretly conspires with Baron Harkonnen to wipe out House Atreides in a surprise attack. None suspect, though, that dessicated Arrakis - &quot;Dune&quot; - the sole source of the penultimate asset, &quot;spice&quot; - has its own legendary defender: the messianic leader of the desert-dwelling Fremen, Muad'Dib, Kwisatz Haderach - the Supreme Being.<br />Never having read &quot;Dune&quot; in the first place I was unsure whether I would be able to absorb the film properly. My worries were groundless: anyone with a pair of eyes and half a brain can see that this film adaptation is horrible. Lynch's &quot;Dune&quot; suffers from plasticky sets, make-up that makes every actor look sweaty, awful camerawork and lighting, and campy special effects. The overall impression of the plot is that the highlight scenes from the book were filmed and then strung together in the most inept way imaginable. Lynch attempts to give the viewers a feeling for the book's depth - by telegraphing and just plain telling everything that is about to happen, and then reiterating it by making us listen to what the characters are &quot;thinking.&quot; The acting is even worse, if that is possible: everyone seems intent on stealing the scene, declamating and overdramatizing instead of acting well.<br />&quot;Dune&quot; does have a measure of raw, perverse power - though this is to be expected from a film with a lot of explosions, shouting, simulated sex and gallons of ketchup blood, swordfights, nasty grimaces and all sorts of slimy monsters. A good-enough incentive to read the actual book, this film's own merit is essentially nil.
B000007VCM|4.0|For those of us who discard the Dreamtime/Southern Death Cult material as not worth mentioning, 1985's 'Love' was the first major release by The Cult.  At the time, they were considered a Goth-Alternative band (1987's 'Electric' would change that), and songs like &quot;Brother Wolf, Sister Moon&quot; and &quot;Black Angel&quot; definitely echoe that imagry.  To be sure, the vocals and guitars are much more subtle and effect-laden than their latter records, as songs like &quot;Nirvana&quot; sound much like early U2.  Nonetheless, it was the get-up-dance tunes like &quot;She Sells Sanctuary&quot; and &quot;Rain&quot; that put this record on the map, and the wah-wah guitar of &quot;The Phoenix&quot; that placed The Cult firmly outside the genre of Goth and more appropriately in the category of Alternative-Rock.  Still, the record has a major weakness that many first records have - that is, some of the songs suffer from lyrical blight (&quot;Love&quot; and &quot;Rain&quot; being the most obvious examples).<br />HINT:  It's worth the extra money to track down and purchase the import version of this record, which features two additional tracks, &quot;Little Face&quot; and &quot;Judith&quot;, one of which cannot be found even on the rarities collections.
6304298285|5.0|Jack was the funniest movie I have ever seen.  I remember when my son was that age and I could really relate.  I love a good movie that can make me laugh until I cry and then cry because it's sad!  Love this one!
0618135871|2.0|think rambling, jekyllian Hemingway.  IN and OUT, UP and DOWN, but going nowhere.  Mercifully short though, I must say.  Should have been a magazine article.  The cover eludes to some erotic undertone, but I couldn't find it.  &quot;Memoirs of a whiny old man&quot; should have been the title...
6304298285|5.0|Jack was the funniest movie I have ever seen.  I remember when my son was that age and I could really relate.  I love a good movie that can make me laugh until I cry and then cry because it's sad!  Love this one!
B000005IU1|5.0|This Recording is required listening for any guitar student,and anyone that just gets into GREAT MUSIC!
B000056K04|1.0|What has happened to this band?!?!?  I find it amazing that these guys could produce four awesome albums and then totally flop with this last one when they recorded an album's worth of awesome material like &quot;Grace is gone&quot;!  This album sounds like it was thrown together in two weeks; oh wait it was.  That is the problem.  The Black Crowes were able to put an album together in two weeks with &quot;Southern Harmony...&quot; but DMB does not pull off the same effect as the Crowes with this effort.  It just doesn't sound like them at all.  Even their live shows have been below par recently.  I ask again, what went wrong!?!?!?!?
B00005BJC7|5.0|Well, though this is not a shock to most people, Radiohead has come out with another stellar album. Based on the same rocky wierdness that we found in Kid A, Radiohead has beat themselves again. Get the record folks
6305363668|1.0|Admittedly, I'm a fan of the book...  The film, however, No.  When they finally gave Ridley Scott the chance at a &quot;director's cut&quot; edition he should have done the world a favor and put it through a shredder.  The sets and special effects: pretty enough.  The acting: uninspired (as if under heavy sedation.)  The screenplay: heinous!  For the life of me, I can't see how anyone ever let Scott make another film, let alone have a second shot at this one.
B00005B4GU|5.0|After listening to Amnesiac I personally think it is the best album by Radiohead to date. I feel the music has a maturity that albums like Pablo Honey and The Bends don't have. I don't own either one of those albums either, I disliked them. The Bends and Pablo Honey have a more typical pop, rock, and grunge sound. I feel Kid A and Amnesiac and even OK Computer, to a certain degree, have a wider variety of sounds. From pianos and synth-strings in Pyramid Song to tribal/primal beats in Pulk/Pull Revolving Doors. The lyrics are more abstract than songs like Creep and Nice Dreams. People criticize abstract art but what they don't realize is that abstract art is more open and free. It lets the listener/reader interpret the lyrics and chord progression for themselves instead of being told how to feel and what to think. Abstract art takes more intellect and emotional maturity, than pop, to create and admire.  N'Sync and Britney Spears are so popular with younger, more immature crowds, because it is pure pop and no art. I think Radiohead has taken the best parts of rock and mixed it with a little jazz, classical, electronics, and free-verse poetry. The result is a more artistic and mature piece of music. Of course with any art it is left open to personal opinion. If you like more straightforward pop/rock music and poetry/lyrics then you probably will not like Kid A or Amnesiac. If you tend to prefer abstract poetry/lyrics with less of a pop/rock sound then you will love Kid A and Amnesiac like I do.
B00005J73X|5.0|Bon Jovi are still rockin.  They deserve more respect.  They have survived the ever changing trends in rock and they are the only band of their &quot;genre&quot; who came out smiling.  <br />This collection of live recordings has &quot;party album&quot; written all over it.  First and foremost, we get the live version of last Summer's megahit &quot;It's my life&quot; back to back with &quot;Livin on a Prayer&quot;.  We also get old favorites like &quot;Keep the Faith&quot;, &quot;Bad Medicine&quot;, &quot;You Give Love a Bad Name&quot;, &quot;Something For the Pain&quot;, and &quot;Wanted Dead or Alive&quot;.  There is a truly awesome version of &quot;Someday I'll be Saturday Night&quot;.  This may be one of the best live records I have ever heard.  Neil Young's &quot;Keep On Rockin In A Free World&quot; gets a first class treatment.  The cd closes with an amped up version of &quot;One Wild Night&quot;.  I thought the original version was good, but the 2001 version blows it away.  There is not one bad moment on the whole album.  I would have liked to have seen more songs done live, but I can't complain.  It rocks.
B00005BL2A|5.0|The first time I tore the plastic off of this and let it play from start to finish, my immmediate reaction was a 3 star review.  Yes, I was a little bit dissappointed.  I don't really know what I was expecting to begin with, but when you get word that one of your favorite bands has a new album coming out, anticipation sets in and you start to get a little ecstatic.   Now that time has passed and I have listened to it a few more times, I'm glad I bought it.  <br />This album may take more than one listen, but that's the beauty of it all.  It's very smooth and mellow and perfect for a breezy Summer day.  I usually play the whole thing about twice a day and it's great for winding down from a stressful day on the job.  I really enjoyed the accoustic sounds in &quot;dream on&quot; and the NIN-esque sounds of the harder songs.  This album may not be for everyone, but if you're a DM fan, you know what you're getting.
0375501851|3.0|I've read quite a few of the other reviews of White Teeth and I found merit with each one, however, these reviews often contain spoilers.  This book should be read for enjoyment, and you will find its overall structure shies away from traditional novels.<br />Let me say that my observations of Zadie Smiths book should not be taken as criticism, but as my own observations.<br />1) The characters are phenomenal.  The myriad of cultural backgrounds divided amongst genders equally makes for some very humorous and real situations.  While many of these characters 'quirks' can be outlandish, at the same time you believe them to be true, and you know you have crossed these peoples paths in your own life.<br />2) Cultural commentary.  With such a diverse cast the reader is exposed to various cultural ways and ideologies that were prominent during the late 70's through the 90's.  While White Teeth's setting is England we are reminded much of Jamaican, East Indian (Bengali), English lifestyles while mixing in various religious and educational beliefs.  This make the characters even more dynamic, as each is much different from all the others, even the twins Millat and Magid.<br />3) Time frame.  As mentioned above this story, or should I say vignettes of characters lives take place predominately over the last 25 years of the 20th century.  However, there a few flashbacks to 1945, the 60's and else time.  But the story does jump around a bit, bouncing between years and decades, back and forth.  While this doesn't detract from the overall story, it can throw off the pace of the reader.<br />4) Plot.  Imagine a book that is roughly 450 pages long, and you only become aware of the plot, or the climax within the last 100 pages.  It seems that while the characters are very rich, and their individual stories are entertaining, there is no apparent plot for the majority of the book.  Surely by the time we get to the climax where all the characters are present (for their own selfish motivations) can the reader thread together the loose connections.  Don't get me wrong, it does all make sense at the end, but the 1st 300 pages will have the reader wondering what the overall story is and if they are just reading very long character sketches.<br />Despite my three star rating, I do highly recommend this book.  I was laughing hard at times, and could identify with the characters as real people.vations) can the reader thread together the loose connections.  Don't get me wrong, it does all make sense at the end, but the 1st 300 pages will have the reader wondering what the overall story is and if they are just reading very long character sketches.<br />Despite my three star rating, I do highly recommend this book.  I was laughing hard at times, and could identify with the characters as real people.
B00005B4GU|4.0|This follow up to Kid A is a neat album to listen to loud and up close.  Definately not intended to be car tunes - accidents can happen if you accidentally nod off from some of the slower numbers.<br />This album is not as good as either Kid A or even OK Computer.  But it is still worthy to be in my collection.  The songs themselves:<br />Packt Like Sardines.... is a cool song and the best opener for this album.  Definate must listen.  Sounds like a standard Kid A song.<br />Pyramid Song.... is a classic.  Great song to crank up with the earphones on.  I love the way it blends with Pulk/Pull because it almost made me fall out of my chair.   <br />Pulk/Pull Revolving Doors.... my favourite song on this album.  The sound and beat are what I look for in a song.  Strange vocalization on this song are classic Radiohead<br />You and Whose Army?.... one of those songs not to be listened to while you are driving.  Beautiful melody, slow singing, good for putting people to sleep.<br />I Might Be Wrong.... Another great tune.  Love the guitars.  Yorke sounds like he is singing in a porta-potty.  This will be a standout at concert.  Funky stereo on this song - great with earphones.<br />Knives Out.... The real single from the album.  Need to be able to listen to Radiohead on the radio sometimes.  This is a good track for it.  Like Paranoid Android without the awesome guitar breaks.  Sounds a whole lot like Richard Ashcroft on this one except instead of singing love songs Thomas Yorke is singing about cooking mice (amoung other things).<br />Morning Bell/Amnesiac.... OK version.  Prefered Morning Bell on Kid A.  But this one is nice too - plus it blends in with a very similar song &quot;Amnesiac&quot;.  Reminds me of Beatles outtakes when they have many versions of the same song.<br />Dollars &amp; Cents.... Another good song.  Think &quot;surfin party&quot; at first then &quot;surfin party in India&quot;.  Terrific vocals - man, does he sound cool on this one.  Most unique song on this album.  Sound so unlike Radiohead but it is exactly what you would want Radiohead to sound like.<br />Hunting Bears.... Who cares.  Weak song that taints the ending.  Shorten the song to 30 seconds and bust in with a drum break would like Pulk/Pull would have sounded cooler.  This song is a 2 minute waste of time and will be skipped often.  Half a star lost because of this dumb song.<br />Like Spinning Plates.... Wow, they can play with keyboards and make a song sound like it should have been in the Twin Peaks soundtrack.  Cant listen to a singer singing like the little midget - talking backwards and putting it together to make it sound normal.  Painful song to listen to - lost a star because of this awful song.  Radiohead's worst song of all time - sounds stupid, dont like the singing, and has no meaning.<br />Life in a Glasshouse.... Now there is some cool sounds.  Heavy jazz background with incredible singing.  Great clarinet and trombone happening here.
B00004Z459|5.0|This CD is great. Linkin Park is one of my new favorite bands. Lots of people think that they are like Limp Bizkit, but that is not true. Their style has a cleaner, stronger, clearer sound than any Limp Bizkit song. Their style of music is so diverse it's hard to put them in a category. I thought the best song on here would be &quot;One Step Closer&quot; but it definently isn't. If you want to buy this CD for that song that's fine, but that's not all the good stuff you'll be getting out of this album. I think it's great how Linkin Park has shown that you can make great rap rock, better than Limp Bizkit in my oppinion, but not have to cuss to do it. Definently buy this album. It's worth every penny and it will never get old.
B00003CXP1|5.0|this film made me feel every human emotion possible. i am 15 years old and yes i have already tought of taking drugs.of course my parents taught me that drugs are bad but im unsure that in a situation i would have turned drugs down because of my curiosity of drugs that every teenager has.i watched this movie with my mother ,she knew that it was rated nc-17 but since it was about drugs she tought it   it would frighten me from taking any  drugs    .she was right.every teenager who ever tought of taking drugs should see this movie because in our society drugs are commercialised as fun to take (like in the movie next friday)and that of course arouses our curiosity. requiem for a dream showed me the pain ,the horror and the lost of  using drugs.this film should be shown to adolescents!the mpaa rated the film nc-17 making it unaccessible to anyone of the adolescent age.the mpaa must be afraid that it will destroy our fragile little minds,when in reality a film like the r-rated next friday can do much, much more damage.to any parent reading this if you have an adolescent at home make them watch requiem for a dream ,you never know it may one day save their life.
B00005BCOJ|4.0|Although many say that this was not Natalie Woods best work, I truly enjoyed the movie. The technical instrument that they invent is astonishing.  To be able to experience other peoplke's thoughts, their adventures, or your past would be amazing.  If someone was dying they could rememeber the good times and leave it to their family.  If you've never experienced a certain condition, feeling, or thought, you could through someone else's mind.  I for one would love to be able to experience this type of adventure.
B000000I02|5.0|This release and their second album, &quot;Rotters Club&quot;, are the only examples I know of where every musician can easily be called a virtuoso writer and performer, and despite all the enormous talent the music itself is still perfectly unified, original, coherent and moving. With everyone showing off, this is no small accomplishment. Want incredible bass playing: listen to Richard Sinclair.  Percussion: Pip Pyle amazes.  Keyboards: Dave Stewart moves from style to style without ever sounding contrived. Guitars: Phil Miller defies description. The list goes on: Robert Wyatt lends some singing, as do the Northettes. Geoff Leigh weighs in from Henry Cow.  The net result is a who's who in the Canterbury scene, delivering one of a kind music with a very light touch, a lot of self-depricating humor, style, endless depth and substance. How good is it? After the switch from vinyl, this was one of the first CDs I bought, and with it I proved that CDs are not built to last forever: it was played so often that I finally wore it out.  And the music still sounds fresh, and probably always will, since its complexities are such a joy to discover.  Nothing close has ever come along to replace Hatfield, and probably nothing ever will.  Buy this CD, and their second album.  Track down the solo releases by Phil Miller, Pip Pyle, Richard Sinclair, Dave Stewart and the others. Get your hands on everything ever released by National Health. Go back and get all the Caravan and Soft Machine you can find. Then listen  to Hatfield in context: carefully, whimsically, seriously, casually. People that care this much about the music they create deserve your ear.
B0000584V3|4.0|Well well well,I don't know what I was expecting when I bought &quot;Blackwater Park,&quot; but this definately exceeded my assumptions! I think the best way that I can describe this album is that the lead singer will thrash and wound you with ferocious death growls, but then heal you with soft, melodic, haunting vocals.Hehe, kinda seems he's leading you into a false sense of security 'cause then you'll be hit with more crunching guitar riffs and vocals that sound like the singer is the cookie monster. My favorite band is the german-industrialists Rammstein, and if any of you have ever heard the lead singer of Rammstein, well, let's just say that he sounds like a backstreet boy compared to the lead singer of Opeth. So, I'll leave you with this, if you're looking for something that is engeneously composed of terrifying, growling shreiks,but then followed by healing and soft ballads, then click on that order button right now.
0553062182|5.0|I would just like to say that I recently purchased this book and love it.  Being a highly sensative person myself, I know what it can be like going through the world.  While reading this book, I had to keep saying, &quot;This is me!&quot; outloud because it made me so happy that there were other people, just like me.  Anyways if you know that you are a highly sensative person, or even think that you may be, buy this book, it may make you feel better about yourself.
B00003CX97|5.0|I recently bought this DVD.  It is outstanding, a disk every war movie buff will want to own.  At first I was a little leary of the price, but it is well worth it.  Besides being a fantastic copy of a first rate movie, the additional features on disk two make it a must have for fans of David Lean's work.  For those who only know Alec Guiness as Obi Wan from Star Wars this will give you an entirely new appreciation for his work as well.  Incidentally, for anyone undergoing POW resistance training (I've been through the US Air Force course) this movie presents an excellent study of the psychology of captive and captor and how even prisoners are not without power.
0790751305|5.0|In the years since seeing this movie at the theater, I have been dumbfounded by the negative responses to it when it comes up in conversation. But then I realize, much of the moviegoing populace generally wants movies that create and preserve their fantasies, not those that deconstruct myths and challenge their thinking. What amazes me in retrospect is that such a brilliant and subtle movie like this could have been such a hit at the time. Its staying power will always be as a historic retelling of the classic Western in such a way to make it impossible to see the old ones the same way again.
0684847817|5.0|I love this book. On one side you have good fairies and the other bad fairies. I have always loved Brian Froud's work and am glad to have this one in my collection.  His artistic imagination is incredible, not to mention his talent!  Any one who likes fairies, will love this book1
B00000G5VI|5.0|This album features the original version of the song&quot;strangers when we meet&quot;. This album is a lot better than some of bowie's more recent stuff( i definitely rank this effort better than black tie,white noise,outside, or even his most recent studio effort, hours)
B000051VWW|5.0|Is it possible I could feel this good? I could really love her the way I do??&quot;Flow!&quot;The 2nd and one of the best songs on this cd Just blows me away from start to finish. Sade has been around for quite sometime and her music has never ceased to amaze me. She is an incredible artist. From &quot;Diamond Life&quot; to &quot;Lovers Rock&quot; I have always welcomed her back no matter how long of a break she takes in between CDs. That voice, cool sultry voice. Goes so well with her music. She sounds even better live. Lovers Rock is filled with great music and lyrics. &quot;King of Sorrow&quot; another of my personal favorites, though sad is my life right now. I feel her on this particular cut. The entire cd is relaxing, sit back, pour yourself a glass of wine, chill out music. HIGHLY reccomended. Listen to &quot;Every word&quot; and tell me if you have never been in this situation before. The best way to describe this cd is UNFORGETTABLE! If you are a SADE fan, This cd is a must have. No doubt about it.
1577311523|5.0|Eckhart Tolle opens his book with; &quot;You are here to enable the divine purpose of the universe to unfold. That is how important you are.&quot; When we accept that fact, what more do we need to get  our own lives in order?  Eckhart tells us how. I have added his teachings to my personally exclusive list of real and authentic teachers of Truth. One is the late Vernon Howard. Another is A Course in Miracles. Only One Truth is real and  constant and until we learn to understand that absolute fact, we have no choice but to continue living with our own ignorance, fakery and self-imposed idiocy.  I intend to keep trying until I get it right. Eckhart's words bring me closer to that.
B00005B4GU|3.0|I checked out this folk music CD and its a fine collection of tunes, but really doesn't sound much like folk at all. You can barely hear the pedal steel guitars or the harmonica. The singer does some fine yodeling, though.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|I saw this movie twice in 3 days and will see it again! If you want to see a movie that moves you and stays with you for DAYS this is it!  The bottom line here is love, and the filmmakers use music from &quot;across time&quot; to illustrate love's timelessness. The images of Toulouse-Latrec's Moulin Rouge are vibrant and exciting, and the story is told with such honesty that it is moving beyond belief. I can't wait to own the DVD.
0807014265|5.0|Wow. I work at a bookstore and have always been interested in the psychological and spiritual elements of life, so it was admittedly humbling when a young girl asked me to help her find this million-selling book which I had never heard of. Upon locating it, I looked at it in my hands and asked her what it was about----besides the obvious, that is. She didn't know that much about it herself, except that it had come highly recommended. I made a mental note to pick it up a copy, and did so. I dunno. There was just something about it.... Maybe it was the fact that this book just reeks of brilliance. And even more importantly, LOGIC!!! For something so short, it's amazing that Victor was able to cram so much insight and genius into such a small, riveting piece. From page one, you are enraptured, totally drawn into his grueling first-person account of what it was like to spend years in a concentration camp. Of special interest is it to note that Victor takes great pains not to &quot;overglorify&quot; the events, but instead chooses only to document accounts that were relevant to his learning.<br />The second part of the book illustrates logotherapy, logos actually meaning the word &quot;meaning&quot;. He discusses the existential vaccuum (TV, sex, etc), among other issues. Although enthralled by psychology, I was of course worried this segment would be drier and/or difficult to understand. Fortunately, Frankl is much better at explaining himself than the likes of other fascinating minds (e.g. Jung, etc.), and this part of the book was just as entertaining, since he not only speaks in a language we can all easily understand but also discusses behaviors and scenarios we each face (and struggle with) all the time.<br />One example really stood out to me. He tells of an older, educated man of society who comes to him for help. Apparently this man's wife had died two years prior and he was still having difficulty overcoming the grief and loneliness--the utter depression---he was experiencing. He didn't know what to do. Victor simply asked him what his wife would have done had HE died first. The man quickly assured Victor that she would have been equally distraught and would have suffered greatly. Victor then commended the man on what a tremendous gift he was able to give to his wife in saving her all of that tremendous pain. The expense was, of course, his own pain and suffering, but he was still able to save his beloved wife from going through such a traumatic ordeal, and instead had gone through it FOR her (since one of them was bound to do it at some point!) This man, in five minutes, was healed. And beaming. My grandmother is going through this EXACT scenario, and you can be sure I am sending her a xeroxed, enlarged copy of that part of the book, to say the very least.<br />His work is as equally philosophical as it is psychological--he speaks---NOT &quot;preaches&quot;---of changing one's outlook, which was perhaps the only thing the Germans couldn't rob the Jews of. And afterwards--although he's very careful not to tell anyone that they &quot;should&quot; in fact change their perspective, you can't help but look at things differently---with more acceptance and analysis than you might have otherwise done so. It's very enlightening, riveting, and insightful, and I look forward to exploring more of his mind and works. <br />There is now not a doubt in my mind that the aforementioned customer at the beginning of this review came up to ME looking for that book for a REASON--and that I was supposed to read this book. And the next time she came in, I thanked her profusely as we discussed the book in total awe of what we had read. I can't recommend this book enough---to anyone and everyone. It should be required reading! In fact, I already bought a copy for my friend Rebecca, who just received her masters in psychology, although it would make a great gift for just about anybody.<br />--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
B00005LMBK|2.0|Rather a compilation, than an actual album full of somebody's, under the guise of being nobodies. Confused? Good. This album/art project is a confusing muddle of tracks with, little direction, cohesion, or even purpose. Drum machines, lovely quirky little loops, insert vocals, and we'll mix it all together, and give you a call. It might have just been put together exactly like that.<br /> Now, this disk is not without its charms, and having a decent sub will undoubtedly wrench whatever this effort has to offer. There are quite a few decent tracks, and Damon Albarns voice lends the whole cd some bit of relevance. Slow Country, Tomorrow Comes Today, Clint Eastwood, and Dracula (has sort of a English Beat/Specials feel to it). There is such a mix of sounds that I'm sure most will find something they like. However, it has its fare share of throwaway tracks as well. M1A1 comes to mind. In the end, Gorillaz self titled debut sounds remarkably like a movie soundtrack with no movie. <br /> Of interest is the link to a special web site, apparently only accessible if you have the disk. I've not yet checked it out, but it promises to be full of goodies. I hope it's not the slight disappointment that this cd has been. 2 stars are for creativity and effort. 2 Stars also represents what I think the value of the end product is. Cartoons are cool, weak muzik is not.
B000002UAU|2.0|The Beatles were great. In the greater scope of their work, I don't think this album is so much better or worse than the others. Much to the contrary, I don't like it. It has so much studios gimmick running around, we can't possibly know who is playing what in each track. Boring, indulgent and mindless album.
B00003CXE7|1.0|This is undoubtedly one of the worst movies of all time. I am totally shocked that Ridley Scott directed it, since he is one of my favorite directors (e.g., Alien, Bladerunner). ...<br />Some of the moronic things about this horrible movie that drove me up a tree follow.<br />The opening scene shows the Romans using something akin to napalm against their enemies. I thought napalm was invented by Dow Chemical in WWII! The main character rides from Germany to the Mediterranean coast of Spain on a horse - in one day. Did you know that tigers live in Africa? The Roman gladius (the sword they used) could not be used for hacking only for stabbing due to its fragility because of the metallurgy of that day. A Roman emperor entering the Colliseum to fight a gladiator??? Sure. Reed gives a truly horrible and cadaverous (fittingly I guess since he died during production) performance. There are continuous nauseous flashback sequences of Crowe's son that made me ill. There's absolutely no evidence that Marcus Aureleus decided to make anyone other than Comodus emperor!<br />Did I mention that the plot is totally boring and predictable, being a typical Hollywood formula with no surprises?<br />The only good thing in this movie was the historically accurate reproduction of the Colliseum. I admit to being impressed with that.<br />For the rest of the movie: feh! I'd give it no stars were that possible.<br />This loathsome movie could only appeal to morons who have no grasp of history, plot, acting, geography (I still can't get over those tigers in Africa), or metallurgy, and who have taken a dramamine to combat the nauseous flashback scenes.
B00004XOWM|1.0|Success has gone to Fred Durst's head. Gone are the good ol' days of Three Dollar Bill, Y'All [EXPLICIT LYRICS]. Poser mainstream pop disguised as  nu-metal, hidden behind a wall of foul lyrics and distorted guitars.<br />What caused me to write this review is due to the dissing of a great band, Taproot, which has been heavily criticized by mainstream &quot;poser metal&quot; listeners who claim them to be clones of Limp Bizkit.<br />This stuff is not unlistenable, however. Fred Durst's high pitched whine is rather amusing, and it's great at trashy parties full of &quot;badasses&quot; who think they're cool listening to Limp Bizkit.<br />Disappointing for a band which used to write decent songs like &quot;Counterfeit&quot;.
B00003CXP1|5.0|Some scenes in this movie will stay with a person for the longest time especially those last scenes.  Can't wait for BATMAN 5!!  Darren Aronofsky is one of the greatest director's I have ever seen.
B000002GQE|4.0|This IS one of my all time favourite CDs, however the remastered version is not really an improvement over the older CD so save your money.  In fact in some places, the voices sound a bit distorted as the producers have tried to liven up the sound.  The sleeve notes in this edition are very interesting however with some details of the background to the composition and production of the album.
B00004YRQA|4.0|What can I say? It a memory card! Do not get a playstation2 without one of these! Stupid me, I got my playstation2 without a memory card, big mistake.  You need one of these to save.  The price is a little high but it saves a lot.  Get one!
B00005B36H|4.0|Okay, if you picked up Lateralus expecting to find more of the same alt-rock radio-ready tunes that populated the band's last effort, you are going to be sorely disappointed. It looks as though Maynard has found an outlet for his &quot;pop&quot; impulses through the Perfect Circle project, meaning that he and his Tool bandmates can settle in and create the kind of music that Tool hinted at on Aenima--namely, reshaping the Progressive Rock of the 1960s and 70s into something that us GenXers can appreciate. If King Crimson, Pink Floyd, Yes and Rush were around today in their '70s incarnations, this is the sort of music they would be making--complex, tribal ryhthms, virtuoso (sometimes overblown) guitars, and dark, sometimes obtuse lyrics sung by an distinctive (for better or worse) vocalist. Lateralus is not for everyone; if you are one of those short-attention-span types who compulsively reaches for the tuning button when a song goes over four minutes in length, you will get bored very quickly with this CD. There is almost nothing on it that is radio-friendly; even the so-called &quot;first single&quot; (Schism) is a reach; frankly, it even sticks out like the proverbial sore thumb from the rest of the CD. It is almost as if the band has gone out of its way to make an anti-radio album (given the deplorable state of most radio in the US these days, I can't say I blame them). One could even say that Tool is giving the Music Industry a giant &quot;Up Yours&quot; with this effort. Lateralus probably won't do as well as Aenima did. But if you are the sort of fan who is open-minded enough to let your favorite artists grow, you will enjoy this record. Is Tool the Pink Floyd of 2001? Put Lateralus in your CD player, dim the lights, slip on your headphones, close your eyes, see where it takes you, and judge for yourself.
B00004YRQA|4.0|What can I say? It a memory card! Do not get a playstation2 without one of these! Stupid me, I got my playstation2 without a memory card, big mistake.  You need one of these to save.  The price is a little high but it saves a lot.  Get one!
B00005ATQE|5.0|Many war films have come, and many war films have gone. But Stanley Kubrick's film about Marine basic training and the Vietnam war will always have a lasting effect on the public. The  film begins at Parris Island, South Carolina. Here men are trained to become Marines. Gunnery Sgt. Hartman (R.Lee Ermey) introduces himself to the new recruits. The real first person we meet is Pvt.Joker (Matthew Modine) who has joined the Core to kill! Right along side him is Pvt.Cowboy (Arliss Howard) who is from Texas. But Pvt.&quot;Gomer Pile&quot; (Vincent D'Onofrio) is an over weight young adult that should have known better to join at his situation. From the get go, Hartman rags on Pile non-stop. It's  here and for the next 40 minutes we get the most realistic view of bootcamp and Kubrick's best work. Ermey is so mesmerizing that he should have recieved an Oscar for his performance. Joker and Cowboy get through basic with a few but not to many problems. But for Pile it's hell on earth, and Joker must take him under his wing so he can make it.   After graduation the film shifts to a busy city in Vietnam. This is pretty much part two of the film. Joker who's job in the Core is working for &quot;Stars and Strips&quot; is not that happy. He would much rather be with some of his former friends he made at basic. But not to worry to long, soon after the Tet Offensive begins and all hell breaks loose all over Vietnam. Joker who is working on a  story runs into Cowboy in his infantry unit. Here we meet the last memorable character since the opening scene's. Animal Mother (Adam Baldwin) is a gun-ho Marine. He carries around a machine gun and if he is not being shot at or shooting at someone else, he is not having fun. The last focus of the film is turned to a patrol that is searching for a sniper. What takes place after that I'll let you find out. But Stanley Kubrick's film is not easy to forget. It has several lines that stay in your head all the time. But most of all he has given us the best view of bootcamp then on to war, that any movie has attempted to do. It is by far his best film. Many will argue but thats because this is his least family movie out there. Even more than (Eyes Wide Shut) R. Lee Ermey gave the best performance he ever gave in front of a camera. Kubrick's filming and his skill to shape this film is no less than that of excellance. (Oscar nomination went to it for Best Adapted Screenplay.) Grade:A
B000002UB3|5.0|It is hard to believe that in the year 2001, Abbey Road still outshines all other rock music out there today. If you want to understand the influence of the Beatles, this is it. It is one of the finest works of art ever made. Nothing will ever come close to this album. It is that good. If you for some reason have never heard it, get it. Listen to it. Love it. They went out on top. &quot;And in the end the love you take is equal to the love you make.&quot;
0783110928|5.0|I love Angelina Jolie. She is an amazing actress with an unimaginable range. She can make you believe she is the person she's playing. She steals the show. This movie...is what really set her career off.  This movie is not for the faint of heart. It is only for the open-minded. I'm 16, and I love this movie. I can't explain how breathtaking it is. It really impacted me in a huge way...Angelina makes you laugh...cry...<br />It was amazing. To say the least. After watching this movie, I hold the highest respect for Angelina Jolie. :o)
0789723107|5.0|I'm so jealous! After years of reviewing sites for usability, I still didn't think I had what it would take to write a book. Well, I think I was wrong because as I read this book, I'm shouting &quot;yes, yes!! I've been trying to tell people these things for the longest time!!&quot; If you ever read any book about usability, read this one.
B00005BCNC|4.0|Evreyone was telling me that this movie was not that grate plus it did not get that many good reviews so I really din't know what to expect. I din't think it was going to be that grate but I got it anyway. And it was a really good movie it was worth the 3 dollers you spent to rent it. I say take it or leave it but if you take it you wont be sorry.
B00005B5L4|1.0|This dvd-audio disc will not play on my Toshiba 3109. I tried 2 others, same problem...but it will apparently play on other players. Boo Hiss! I waited for months for this release and still can't listen to it!
B00004Z4WQ|2.0|Similar in spirit to Wayans' cult classic &quot;I'm Gonna Git You Sucka&quot; (which, it should be mentioned, was clearly influenced by the Abrahams-Zucker-Zucker brand of spoof comedy (Airplane!, Naked Gun)), but updated to satisfy the Y2K hunger for low-brow humour.  Despite the numerous moments of hilarity in the film, I found Wayans' exuberant over-reliance on toilet humour to be too tedious.  I, by the way, can't wait for this brand of humour to fade away.  I love low-brow humour as much as the next intellectually-stunted guy, but being crude for the sake of being crude is not the same as being crude for the sake of being funny.  For example, I am bewildered as to why anyone found the flatulence bits funny.  Maybe it could be funny if it was set-up and paid-off in a comedic situation, but flatulence by itself is not funny.  Another example: A man in denial about his sexual orientation coming across a glory hole can potentially be very funny.  However, a phallus protruding from the said hole and perforating the said man's head is not funny.  In fact, it's darn near disturbing.  And I was also bothered by all the mimicry of other movies.  They were funny when they developed naturally from the plot, but dull and stupid when they didn't.  In the latter case, those scenes mostly just sit there and preen, waiting to be acknowledged.  I realize these films are nearly impossible to make well, but maybe the reason Airplane! and Naked Gun were so successful was because their creators did not limit themselves strictly to grossing out their audience and spoofing as many films as possible.
0156528207|5.0|Please don't be duped into buying the dreadful new translation. The original Katherine Woods translation is poetic and graceful, full of delightful and memorable phrases. The new edition reads like a service manual for a chainsaw. [...]
B00004Z4SD|5.0|Unbelievably good considering it is such a simple film in a well-worn genre.  David Lynch proves he can be one of the all-time great directors if he wants to be.  And it features a salvation theme that will have devout Christians looking for a Christ figure.  The ending is perfect too.  Heck, this is a masterpiece.
0156012197|5.0|Please, please, please seek out the original translation instead of the new, &quot;improved&quot; edition. Yes, an occasional line from the Katherine Woods translation may sound strange to modern readers, but the new translation is artless by comparison. I shudder to think of the generation of children who will be cheated out of the poetic beauty of the original. Few things are ever improved by being &quot;Americanized.&quot;
6304346107|5.0|i bought and watched both this and the Paltrow one. The latter has to be considered unbearable compared with this A&amp;G version.
B00005LMBK|5.0|OK, so they're a cartoon band. But they're a cartoon band with attitude and style, who also know how to do good music. And what music! So many styles... From the lo-fi hip-hop digs of Clint Eastwood, to the real hardcore punky grooves of er, &quot;punk,&quot; to the very atmospheric dark mood of m1 a1, to the poppy 19-2000.... I could go on. And I will! There is something here for everyone. People wanting solid track to track Blur, Cibo Matto (apologies for spelling) or Dan the Automator will be a bit disapointed, because this album is a fusion of just about everything.  This is by no doubt THE album of the year. From the cool media image- after all, how can you not like a 10 year Japanese girl, a laid-back drummer (from the USA no less) and two English pale interesting guys- to the cool tunes, how can you be in doubt that this album oozes cool and charisma?
B00004ZAV3|5.0|It was great to hear the good old tunes again, back to back.
B00005B6N7|4.0|This movie is a fictional tale about a daring mission to capture a top secret Nazi coding device from German submarine. This movie is inspired by a composite of events that transpired during the Battle of the Atlantic in World War II. an American submarine crew's battle against time-and their own fears-while carrying out a daring mission to capture a top-secret encrypting device (ENIGMA) from a Nazi U-boat. <br />This movie is very exciting and thrilling!! After watching this movie, you may think something about war.<br />AND... Jon Bon Jovi did a great job!! He became a hip actor! ...
B00005B6C9|5.0|So good. So refreshing! Sounds just like the early years with a different kind of style.
B000023X9W|4.0|By now if you're reading this you've heard the comparisons to Harvest, and After the Gold Rush. You've heard the praise, and you've heard the scorn. So I'll try for a fresh angle...It's almost a great cd folks. Almost.    The song &quot;Daddy Went Walkin&quot; is nearly note for note the song about Old King the dog on Harvest Moon, and it hurts the song's sweet message considerably. The lame lyrical line &quot;My software's not compatible with you&quot; sounds woefully out of place with the cd's rustic tone, and ruins the song &quot;Without Rings&quot; for me. In addition to that, this is just about the most melancholy music I've ever heard in my life. That said, if you're a Neil Young listener, this is a MUST-OWN cd. It contains a bounty of beautiful, magical music from a great musician. --Just for goodness sake, don't put it on when you're feeling really depressed-it just might finish you off!
0767903862|5.0|At ...recommendation, I ordered this book. Not one for \\"travel books\\" (I'd rather be traveling then read about traveling) I am now a Bryson fan.  He puts you right there, down under, and is a wonderful traveling companion.   Mr. Bryson finds the absurd and you go along with his astonishment of finding this absurdity.  While this journal is chock full of interesting and factual information about Australia you will be surprised to find yourself laughing out loud at some of his observations especially about the inhabitants of this great continent. I look forward to more, more, more from Mr. Bryson!
B00005LMBK|4.0|A phenomenal recording: Cream of the modern scene, if you know what I mean.
B00005LMBK|5.0|Gorillaz takes the Monkeys to the next level.  Basically, a record company takes 4 talented artists (&quot;talented&quot; being the most important distinction), have them collaborate on an album and give them cartoon characters with a made-up history to hide behind.  You can find the &quot;histories&quot; of these characters on their web-site and elsewhere, designed with the help of Jamie Hewlett of &quot;Tank Girl&quot; fame.  Of course this whole gimmick wouldn't work if the music wasn't any good (look at the pathetic Canadian band, Prozzac, who did this first), but this is not a problem.  THIS MUSIC IS AWESOME!<br />The only member of the band I am familiar with is Damon Alburn from Blur, and with his distinctive vocals dominating most of the songs it is impossible to fail to note his influence.  As with most Blur singles, you will have difficulty trying to determine if Damon is trying to sound happy (see &quot;Clint Eastwood&quot;), or if he is purposefully being sarcastic.  Because of his influence, I can't help but compare the album to Blur's &quot;13&quot; which is equally ecclectic.  The song &quot;Punk&quot;, for example, reminds me of a toned-down &quot;B.L.U.R.E.M.I.&quot;  However, there is a funky beat to most of the songs that easily blow Blur's pathetic &quot;Trailerpark&quot; out of the water, so the influence of the other artists should not be underestimated.<br />Most of the songs are an interesting hybrid of trip hop, hip hop, the blues (especially the pieces with strong harmonica parts like &quot;Tomorrow Comes Today&quot;) and British guitar pop, and range from the dreary but funky to the bright, poppy and funky.  Because of its eclecticism and the fact that no particular song stands out as the strongest, different listeners will have their own favourite songs as well as maybe one or two they hate (I personally hate the minimalist dub of &quot;Double Bass&quot;).  But at the same time, I'm not a fan of hip hop but I find myself enjoying it on this album because of the many levels to each song.  I am amazed at how much of the album works well with its many clashing influences.  No lesser talent could have pulled it off.<br />This album is also great for both lying around by yourself or partying.  While the heavy bass beats straight out of Massive Attack on most songs are great for tapping your feet, the songs also work on multiple levels and can be enjoyed while you are just relaxing.  And while most of the songs are cheerful on one level, there is enough sarcasm to keep it from becoming annoying. And, yes, the whole cartoon gimmick is cleverly done and you will enjoy exploring their web-sites.<br />I would still recommend giving it a bit of a try before you buy it.  This hybrid sound takes many people a bit of time to get used to.  But I've owned this cd for a month now (it was released earlier in Canada) and I've not grown tired of it yet, which means that it is not just its novelty that makes it great.  This one's destined to become a classic.
B00003CXRP|1.0|I what they were trying to do. But they didnt get there. This movie is pathetically slow paced. 2 weeks before the guy decides to make fire.<br />dont buy it, rent. if you absolutely must.
6300213803|4.0|I have all the Star Trek Motion Picture Videos.  I guess I can be considered a &quot;Trekie&quot; since I watched every episode as a kid and have continued enjoying reruns into adulthood.  When I want to sit down and pull one of the movies out, I usually grab Star Trek II, The Wrath of Khan. It's just sheer fun.  The opening Training Sequence is a gas and sucked me in the first time I watched it.  When Ricardo Montobaln hit the screen and was re-revealed in the movie,I was transported back to the past &quot;Demon Seed&quot; episode, which was one of my favorites.  I loved it all over again.   You just got to love 'ol Ricardo's  pumped-up chest, his philophosizing egocentrism, and his pulsating desire for revenge!  The killer flesh-to-brain, burrowing, snapping  worms were a hoot.  The &quot;Project Genesis&quot; special effects were impressive at the time.  The comedy actually worked.  It just all flowed well. It was the best in my opinion, of blending the old with the new.  It is the favorite of the series with my kids.  My wife doesn't care for  Star Trek, but liked this particular movie.  If you buy only one, get this one.  And don't forget, &quot;Revenge is a dish best served cold!&quot;  Bon Appetit!<br />JW
0375707972|4.0|I really liked this novel, not just because of the content but because the size of the column of text on each page is so narrow that it can be read in just a few hours. Kept me interested and made me think.
B00005LB9O|4.0|While the subtle British invasion stormed across the Atlantic over the past few years most Americans were only aware of Radiohead and then Coldplay. For some reason, American radio all but ignored Travis, not realizing that they were making some of the most interesting warm pop records we've heard in decades. While &quot;The Invisible Band&quot; may not be quite as instantly captivating as &quot;The Man Who&quot;, it still has the same charms - lots of acoustic guitars and soaring melodies that get under your skin after just a few listens. Nigel Godrich offers his typically beautiful production but leans more towards R.E.M.'s &quot;Up&quot; album rather than the cold treatment he gave the last few Radiohead albums.  With the opening banjo riff on &quot;Sing&quot;, the melody interweaves itself with guitar, and we're immediately reminded of a similar arrangement from Fleetwood Mac's &quot;Say You Love Me&quot; from 1975.  The formula works wonders at getting this song implanted in your brain for good. The same can be said for &quot;Pipe Dreams&quot; and &quot;Flowers In The Window&quot;, songs that would have fit comfortably as Buckingham or McVie tracks on Fleetwood Mac's mid to late 70's records. Now if only radio were as friendly to this wonderful pop sound as it was back then, Travis would be taking the music world by storm.
0380973650|5.0|After two very good but not mind blowing novels, Neil Gaiman has really found his stride. American Gods is as good as Gaiman's classic Sandman series. It is smart, occasionally funny, sometimes scary, often moving and consistently brilliant. If you liked Sandman, buy this book. If you like reading, buy this book.
B00004X01U|4.0|I like this album more than her last one. This album is her most emotional one, which shows some real growth from her norm. I especially like the last track 'Gone'.  All the songs are fairly catchy and quite listenable.
6300214753|4.0|One of the most delightful movies that I have ever seen. My only complaint is that the characters constantly swear and/or take the Lord's name in vain. There is a website that cleans up movies. Can anyone tell me what it is so I can get this cleaned up for my grandsons?
0789723107|5.0|This is a well organized, easy to read book with tons of good information and excellent real-world examples.  Make this your first book on interface design / usability.  You'll be glad you did.
6300215741|5.0|What else is there to wish for; Kelly, Grant, Hitch and his #1 collaborators, South of France in the fifties! Greatest atmosphere ever to be captured on film. What are they waiting for to put it on DVD??? Please!
B000002OX7|5.0|In short, \\"Who's Next\\" works because it's still as relevant today as it was back in 1971. The themes of love and anger, alientation and frustration with authority, and spiritual searching hark just as loudly today. It's an album that indicates the direction rock music SHOULD have taken (and hasn't really taken to this day): one that challenged its' listeners both lyrically and sonically, and yet still remained true to the roots of rock music. \\"Who's Next\\", perhaps the most concise album the Who ever made (and believe me, the same argument can be made for 1973's \\"Quadrophenia\\") is that rare record that you can both act out your rock star fantasies (who hasn't ever unleased a windmill while playing air guitar?) and still make you feel as if you've just listened to something that may have just changed and saved your life. I felt like that when I first heard this some 15 or so years ago, and I still feel that way today.
B00003CX5P|4.0|Pretty good movie and for those of us who have been waiting for a DVD version, our wait is almost over.
B00003CXSM|4.0|This movie was cute. It was no Casablanca, but it was funny. It is good for renting on a boring Saturday night when there is only weird movies left at the movie store. Jennifer looks really fashionable! i lOVE her clothes. I mean who wouldnt love a women whose work bag is GUCCI. RENT IT!
B00000FBRE|5.0|Santa Barbara's pride and joy, LAGWAGON, plays an infectious blend of pop and hardcore, lyrically tackling an array of personal politics. This punky quintet has secured a massive worldwide following with their four FAT full lengths and a touring schedule that would make the Stones blush. <br />So, this is another magnificent album by one of the best bands around. Only 12 songs this time, but surely worth your money. In typical Lagwagon style, it takes you about 3 times listening before really loving those songs. You just have to take a little bit of time to let these songs remind you why you like melodic punk music.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|This movie instantly became one of my favorites of all time when I saw it in the theatre.  It really is spectacular; there's so much to look at and listen to!  The acting is superb - Ewan MacGregor's charming innocence (he's just adorable!!) next to Nicole Kidman's jaded-showgirl persona is captivating and interesting.  The music really is daring, and I think Baz did a GREAT job bringing the musical genre into the 21st century.  It's so much fun to be surprised by the way he's woven so many familiar songs into the plot of the movie.  All the songs are kept close enough to their original form to be recognizable, but they are changed enough to fit together seamlessly.  <br />The cinematography, the costumes, the sets, are just gorgeous.  The movie could be a silent slide show of images and still stand on its own.<br />Ewan MacGregor is wonderful.  He can sing!!  And his earnest-ness is so convincing -- a testament to his acting, especially when you compare it to his portrayals of such opposite characters in Trainspotting and Velvet Goldmine.  <br />See this movie!  And catch it in the theatre while you can!  It's brilliant!
B00003CWL6|5.0|To be sure, &quot;American Beauty&quot; will strike some viewers as weird and moribund, but no film before it or since prepares one for its utter familiarity as it hits closer to home than most anyone I know expected.  While not every character here feels identical to anyone I know (and thats a good thing, trust me) more often than not, Spacey and Bening are stand-ins for our friends, neighbors, families and even - ourselves.  The simple theme that &quot;everything is not as it seems on the outside&quot; carries tremendous weight, and I dare the viewer to not see themselves and the people they know behind the curtain that separates truth from fantasy.  Kevin Spacey proves why he is THE actor of our generation, while Menu Suvari, Wes Bentley and Thora Birch cast vivid characters likely roaming our neighborhood high school at this very moment.  The four are uniformly grand.<br />However, this is Annette Bening's shining moment.  Nothing this actress has done before prepared me for a monumental performance that literally shook me to the core.  She is at once in control of all around her and yet desperate to experience her own truest self, free from what she knows, who she lives with, and where she is headed.  Bening captures her character's soul and sends it to the stratosphere, long suffering one moment, and kissing up the next.  Her scenes with the &quot;King of Real Estate&quot; show a desparate range of emotion.  Bening deserved the Oscar, though in a year dominated by Hilary Swank's superlative &quot;Boys Don't Cry&quot; Bening was a deserved first runner up.  <br />A movie that actually makes you think twice about your own existence and how your actions affect the world around you in  unexpected ways.
B00005AXEL|5.0|I am a second generation Stevie Nicks/Fleetwood Mac fan.  My mother got me started listening to her music at the tender age of five.  I own every CD by Fleetwood Mac and Stevie Nicks and I can honestly say that Trouble in Shangri-La is definitely not a disappointment!<br /><br />This CD was a long time in coming and it is every bit worth the wait.  Stevie's voice is better than ever and the songs in this collection are proof as to why she is one of the most respected and celebrated singer songwriters.<br /><br />I have heard many critics say this is Stevie's best work since Bella Donna.  Personally, my favorite album was &quot;The Other Side of the Mirror&quot;.  Trouble in Shangri-La is an extremely close second.<br /><br />The title cut starts the CD off brilliantly and leads into a classic Candlebright.  Any Stevie fan who has managed to get their hands on a copy of the much-circulated &quot;demos&quot; should immediately recognize and love this song.  Age and time have taken nothing away from this song,<br /><br />Nor have they taken anything from the third on the CD Sorcerer.  It is a real pleasure to hear Stevie on vocals on this song for a change.<br /><br />Planets of the Universe is one of my favorite songs on the CD.  Every Day should already be familiar to anyone who is a radio listener.<br /><br />Too Far From Texas is a very good song that blends the wonderful voices of Stevie and Natalie Maines from the Dixie Chicks.  These ladies sound great together and I certainly hope they record another song together in the future.<br /><br />That Made Me Stronger, It's Only Love, Love Changes, I Miss You, Bombay Sapphires, Fall From Grace and Love Is round out the CD with strong performances by Stevie and her guest musicians.  Sarah McLachlan lends her velvet voice and piano talent to the beautiful ballad Love Is.  Macy Gray's smokey vocals provide the backup for Bombay Sapphires--a very good song you will catch yourself humming.  Lindsay Buckingham joins Stevie by playing guitar on I Miss You.  (It is a shame that he lended no vocals to the song as he and Stevie are magic together.)<br /><br />There has been a great deal said about the influence of Sheryl Crow on this CD.  She brought a lot to it.  Her vocals are clearly heard on Sorcerer.  She also plays guitar on many of the songs.<br /><br />I am very happy that Lori Nicks and Sharon Celani are with Stevie once again.  For me, Lori was missed on Street Angel.  That album would have been much better had both of her backup singers been with her through all the songs.<br /><br />I highly recommend this album to any Stevie fan or to anyone who enjoys great music.Stevie by playing guitar on I Miss You.  (It is a shame that he lended no vocals to the song as he and Stevie are magic together.)<br /><br />There has been a great deal said about the influence of Sheryl Crow on this CD.  She brought a lot to it.  Her vocals are clearly heard on Sorcerer.  She also plays guitar on many of the songs.<br /><br />I am very happy that Lori Nicks and Sharon Celani are with Stevie once again.  For me, Lori was missed on Street Angel.  That album would have been much better had both of her backup singers been with her through all the songs.<br /><br />I highly recommend this album to any Stevie fan or to anyone who enjoys great music.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|Ewan MacGregor carries this movie.  His singing is awesome!!  He carries this movie.  It is campy!  It has the feel of a &quot;Rocky Horror Picture Show&quot;, but I loved every minute of it.  Ewan knocked my socks off.  I am old enough to be his mother, but if I were 28, I would become a serious stalker.  Watching MacGregor in this film is a delight.  Listening to him sing is truly intoxicating.  I was truly disappointed to discover that not many of his songs were on the soundtrack.  I cannot wait to own a copy of this movie so I can watch it over and over.  I am a fan of Nicole's, and I went to this movie because of her, but Ewan stole the show, and my heart.  See it!!  Soon!!  You will not regret it.
B000021Y77|5.0|A nice break from the average boring flick.  Simple, and easy to watch, even for non-native English speakers.  I originally saw it subtitled in Japanese, which mine is far from perfect, but still thoroughly enjoyed this film.  A nice look at the random nature of life, and how one event can change many others.  Soundtrack is top notch as well.
0380973650|5.0|American Gods is truly a crafted story, which is to say it is true to the craft that is writing.  A satire on the American condition, it rings true to many arenas of thought, from philosophy to religion to the American dream.  It was difficult to put down; it catches the reader in it completely, creating a view of the world you may have not seen before.
B00005JGAB|4.0|Great nugget from a time (1976) when &quot;popular&quot; music was at a low point.  Recorded for $6,000, the original LP was about 30 minutes, but this re-issue adds all sorts of bonus tracks.  Unfortunately, I feel that Rhino should have lowered the price somewhat since this LP was previously available on a single CD with &quot;Leave Home&quot;, the groups 2nd LP from 1977.  While in hindsight its hard to overstate the impact of &quot;Ramones&quot;, I would advise interested persons not familiar with the group to check out &quot;Rocket To Russia&quot; or (my personal favorite) &quot;Road To Ruin&quot; first as these two efforts represent the band at its creative peak.
B000003S5H|5.0|This cd is a great cd for anyone that has ever wanted to fall in love, or for anyone that is in love. I myself am a sophomore in highschool and I lve this kind of music, slow, sweet, full of warm fluffy emotion.  No cheese here, only deep down love.  It's really great, i'm not going to do track for track reviews, i'm only going to tell you that if you enjoy or have any interest in electronic synthesizer driven music, this is a must have, it's a must have for anyone really, just a great showing that keyboards can present emotions that other instruments have given to the world of music in the past.  I love it love it love it. Please do yourself a favor and add it to your shopping cart, you WONT regret it, come on, it's only like 13 dollars, it's really worth it, you'll get alot of enjoyable times and memories with it.  I know I will
B00003CX5P|3.0|On October 16, Lucasfilm Ltd. and Twentieth Century Fox Home Entertainment will begin the worldwide release of Star Wars: Episode I The Phantom Menace on DVD. The highly anticipated arrival of Episode I marks the first film of the Star Wars saga to debut on DVD. <br />Enthusiastic fans of the film will be rewarded for their patience. Clocking in at about 480 minutes in length, it features over six hours of additional bonus material, including brand new visual effects sequences executed just for the DVD release. <br />Here's what the two-disc set will feature: <br />The Phantom Menace, mastered by THX for superior sound and picture quality, presented in Anamorphic Widescreen and Dolby 5.1 Surround EX (English), Dolby 2.0 Surround (English and Spanish), and Dolby 2.0 Surround (French, for Canadian release)  Audio commentary by Writer-Director George Lucas; Producer Rick McCallum; Co-Editor and Sound Designer Ben Burtt; Visual Effects Supervisors Scott Squires, John Knoll and Dennis Muren; and Animation Supervisor Rob Coleman, offering personal insights into the making of the film.<br />Seven never-before-seen deleted scenes with full visual effects completed just for the DVD release.<br />&quot;The Beginning&quot; -- an all-new hour-long documentary culled from over 600 hours of footage offering unprecedented access inside Lucasfilm and ILM during the making of Episode I.<br />Multi-angle storyboard to animatic to finished film feature, that lets you flip through the various phases of development of key action sequences.<br />Five behind-the-scenes featurettes exploring The Phantom Menace's storyline, designs, costumes, visual effects and fight scenes. <br />The popular &quot;Duel of the Fates&quot; music video that debuted in 1999  All 12 parts of the Lynne's Diaries, the web documentaries that first appeared here at starwars.com.   Galleries of theatrical posters, print campaign, and never-before-scene production photos.<br />Downloaded by millions from starwars.com, the original theatrical teaser and launch trailers, plus seven TV spots including the &quot;tone poems&quot;
B000056K04|5.0|I have always loved DMB.  Didn't really enjoy the crowded streets album all that much.  Fell in love with the rolicking good time that was &quot;Crash&quot;.  This album follows that sound a little bit more than crowded streets did.  Definitely like this one more.  I think it's a great CD to listen to and sing along with.
0553106635|1.0|All g.r.r Martin has done is taken the War Of The Roses and set it in a different world. Where the Yorks are the Starks and the Lannisters are the Lancasters.The entire trio of books are abysmal not worth the paper they're printed on. The world Martin created doesn't seem real and doesn't grip you as Jordan's does. The amount of medieval intrigue is over the top and not enough magic or action to counter it. The plot gets all confusing with too many characters all over the place (who's the hero who's the baddy?).No central character, and those he concentrates on are very unlike able.
0783219172|2.0|This movie is an exercise in manic excess. The special effects are entertaining to a point, but without any human characters to care about, this movie descends into eye-candy quicksand. The plot is bizarre and uninvolving (some may say quirky), the humor is juvenile, and it's not very funny seeing ghosts doing pratfalls that would elicit groans if humans were to do the same. Some scenes were inventive, but they're drowned under reams of gratuitous action and computer effects. Michael J. Fox would have been interesting as a sort of grown-up version of Joel Osment in &quot;The Sixth Sense&quot;, but his character takes a backseat to paranormal chaos. In the &quot;Sixth Sense&quot;, what the spirits can do is sharply delineated (and their appearances more sparce), which adds awe and terror to the story. &quot;The Frighteners&quot;, on the other hand, doesn't play by the rules, allowing apparitions to walk through walls and yet get splattered by trucks for the sake of clever special effects. One gets confused trying to understand what the hell hurts these ghosts, when in one scene a car can usher them away while in another a fist or weapon does no damage. The result is a contradictory and undeveloped script.
B00003CXSM|5.0|This was a cute movie. The movie is basically about the Wedding Planner, Mary(Jennifer Lopez). She makes everybody's dreams come true (those who are getting married, of course), but her friends can never understand why she can't make her own dreams come true. Her response to this is:<br />Those Who Can't Do, Teach. Those Who Can't Wedd, Plan!.<br />Now, Mary has the biggest case for a millionare girl, and her  fiance (Matthew McConaughey). But, one day when Mary is walking home, her shoe heel gets stuck in a sewer hole, and a dumpster is coming right toward at her. Matt saves her. He is a pediatrition, and takes her to the hospital. They have sort of a romance that night. Then, the next day, Mary, and the couple she is working for go to the same dance class. The rich girl has to take a phone call, and asks Mary to dance with her fiance. When Mary says she will, it turns out that the same pediatrition who she romanced with last night is the rich girl's fiance. This starts comedic battles, and a surprising ending.
B00001NFCY|5.0|This is in my opinion the best modern day rock album out there. The great riffs and meaningful lyrics are two of the reasons this album is almost certified diamond.(10 million copies) Creed has shown that they can make quality music by having seven consecutive number one rock singles. I gave this album five stars because it combines heavier songs like &quot;what if&quot; with ballads like &quot;with arms wide open&quot;. If you like this album then you should definitely check out My Own Prison, their debut album. It's darker but still great. I'd also recommend the Scream 3 soundtrack which has &quot;what if&quot; and &quot;is this the end&quot;.
0780628551|1.0|Imagine that you are out in the woods on a humid summer day.  You have to move a log that has been on its side for at least a few weeks.  Underneath the log are these grotesque bugs that look like a hybrid between insects and worms.  They are enough to make you call for Ralph on the big white porcelain phone, if you know what I mean.  Then imagine something repulsive enough to offend the bugs, multiply it by a million, and then you may have an inkling of how bad TAW is.<br />It is one those movies where all the people have bubbly personalities, fine clothes, nice homes, and not a hair out of place.  The couple in this movie are two great-looking people who look even better together.  What it all boils down to is tasteless icing applied to moldy rotten cake.  The cake in this case is the plot, We're-being-invaded-by-aliens-and-nobody-believes-me.  The plot in TAW is also a direct rip-off of SPECIES 2, a very bad movie.  But at least SPECIES 2 had a few good special effects going for it. TAW has nothing.<br />This is so bad it does not even belong in the elite category of &quot;so bad it's good&quot;.  When those movies try to be serious, it's funny.  Sometimes excrutiatingly funny.  But with TAW, it's painful. EXCRUTIATINGLY painful.<br />And one more crime it commits (I could go on all day) is that it tries to appeal to science fiction/horror audiences.  TAW is neither science fiction or horror.  The closest thing I can compare it to are those daytime soap operas that try adding supernatural elements to the storylines when the writers run out of ideas.  Only they stretched this soap opera out a half an hour longer and infused it with a lot less imagination.<br />So if you are a video store wanting to rent or buy something original, then check out just about anything else except for this stinker.  But if you want to witness something truly unoriginal, poorly acted, and just plain bad, then check out TAW.  Heck, it may just be your cup of tea- if your cup of tea is the same cup that your aunt Gertrude drops her cigarette ashes into to go along with the rancid, decaying, badly iced cake that I mentioned earlier.the same cup that your aunt Gertrude drops her cigarette ashes into to go along with the rancid, decaying, badly iced cake that I mentioned earlier.
B00001U0E1|5.0|I highly recommend this DVD.  It is wonderfully entertaining, while also mildly intellectually stimulating.  Be careful of the review by Sean Ares Hirsch, as it is merely an act of self-flattery by someone who is more impressed with their own knowledge of Shakespeare than they are with the art of film-making.
B0000033TE|5.0|this album is amazing!! this where the band really exploded with thier talent. the past albums are all brilliant, but this album really kicks!!  keith emerson is amzing. greg lake still can write great songs, and its carl palmers most furious album. GET IT!!
0380789019|5.0|First off, this book is terrific. I found the story and characters imaginative and mesmerizing. We never had the TV series in the US, but without having seen it, I feel the book stands on its own as a complete work of fiction.<br />One quick bit of advice for non-British readers: the story relies heavily on wordplay based on the names of London tube stations. If you are unfamiliar with the London Underground, get yourself a good map and familiarize yourself with it before you read the book. If you have friends who've lived in London, ask them to tell you about the tube stations mentioned in the book what the stations look like, what the reputation is, what the neighborhood is like.  Knowing a bit about the Underground will greatly deepen your appreciation of the book.
B000024D4R|5.0|This album is a must have for floyd/prog-rock fans.This is Pink Floyd's darkest album.Roger Waters couldn't have come up with more darker lyrics than these.David Gilmour just plays phenomenaly on guitar, Nick Mason still jams beautifully on drums with Roger Waters on bass beside him, but where is Rick Wright? His keyboards in the album are almost like background organs, piano and other effects. This album is a must have!!!
B00005B4GU|4.0|It's a CD of Amnesiac leftovers.  Period.  True Radiohead fans will appreciate it for what it is.  Definitely not the CD to choose if you're trying to turn someone on to Radiohead-The Bends  is more appropriate for that.  Even true Radiohead fans will have to listen to it several times to get the feel for it.
B00005LMBK|4.0|A trip-hop/alt-rock outfit outsourced by Dan the Automator, with reps from BLUR, CIBO MATTO and DELTRON 2020.  Not since MR. BUNGLE has a band that doesn't actually exist been so worth your while:  You won't know whether to put it next to \\"How to Operate with a Blown Mind\\" or \\"Pa Rappa the Rapper\\".
B00005AR3G|5.0|Best Disney cartoon ever!  Funny, smart and entertaining for little kids and big kids.  The cast and animators produce some great, fresh characters.  A treat from beginning to end!  6 stars!
0312979479|5.0|If you have never read any Agatha Christie or if you have not really ever been interested in mysteries, this book is a must.  It will really get you interested in an entirely new genre of literature that you didn't think would spark your interest.  I first read this book in 8th grade reading class (so that should tell you that it's not overly difficult to follow or comprehend), and I was hooked.  The plot revolves around a group of people who go on an island vacation together...but if I told you anymore, I might have to kill you (joking of course, but it would happen in this book!).  This story is extremely captivating.  You'll never guess what's going to happen next, and that's one of the best aspects of the book.  The title of the book suggests what's to come, but the plot of the novel is cleverly entertwined with an old Indian rhyme...you have got to read this book.  You won't be able to put it down, even when your 8th grade reading teacher threatens you NOT to read ahead!  Great summer reading, a way to kick yourself in the butt and do the reading you promised yourself you'd do.
B00003CXE7|5.0|this movie brings us back to the old time big screen blockbusters like Ben Hur Spartacus and the Robe. Russell Crowe desreved the Acadamy award for this performance each of his films get better and better Joaquin Phoenix outdid himself as the jealous and paranoid leader after his father dies this is a must see movie
B000002UR7|5.0|This is an excellent album.  The great thing about Radiohead is that they can change and still make good music.  I listen to this album all the time after having owned it for over 5 years.  My favorite tracks are &quot;Ripcord&quot;,  &quot;Anyone Can Play Guitar&quot;, &quot;Vegetable&quot;, &quot;Blow Out&quot;, &quot;Lurgee&quot; and &quot;Creep&quot;.  The absolute best song on this album however is &quot;You&quot;.  In my opinion &quot;You&quot; is one of the best songs ever written, period.
0553103547|5.0|A Game of Thrones is quite simply the best fantasy I've read in a long, long time.  I can scarcely think of a single serious criticism to levy at it, so let me mention some of what I love about this novel.<br />Characterization, characterization, characterization.  Martin does a good job of imbuing each of his viewpoint characters with life and depth.  No one character is the designated hero; instead we have a cast of believable, not necessarily perfect characters through whose eyes we watch events unfold.  Despite some initial reservations, I grew to like Martin's style of switching viewpoint characters after each and every chapter.  Instead of making the story disjointed and hard to follow, it comes together into a multi-faceted gem.<br />I also appreciate the absence (for now) of earth-shattering sorcery and city-devouring behemoths.  The world of a Game of Thrones has its own identity.  It contains magic and monsters, but these are sufficiently rare that when they do appear it means something.  Instead the world is rich in legend and history, from the old gods to which many of the protagonists still keep to the the millennia-old Wall of ice that stands between the known world and the uncharted, lurking north.  This novel is so gripping not because of impossible flights of fancy but because of its convincing authenticity and depth.<br />With these characters and this world Martin constructs a compelling plot with both political intrigue on a grand scale and rivalries and love on a character level.  Note that this novel makes no pretense of arriving at any sort of conclusion at its end: the plot thickens significantly in the last chapter, making it less a novel and more simply the first volume in a saga that is not to be missed.
0767836286|5.0|WOW this was a chiling story! How the pesky nieghbor frames this other guy and the FBI jsut blames one person. Everyone thinks this guy is crazy about his nieghbor being who he really is a terrorist. He tries to prove he is but still. And whatat the terriostist does at the end...oh my. I never expected it, it was scary!! Thought it was well acted, a must see for all movie lovers.
B00005BJ2O|3.0|This movie absolutely blew me away, mostly because of the amazing music. Of course, I rushed out to buy the soundtrack without even reading the back, and I must say, I am very dissappointed. Whoever looked at this movie, and then put together this cd should be fired. Though the David Bowie songs (1 and 15) are very nice, they are redundant with each other, and are mostly filler. I personally do not care for Lady Marmalade, but I am aware that is the only reason some people bought this soundtrack. Fat Boy Slim gives a strong performance, though the song is not as good as it was in the film. And now we come to the heart of this soundtrack: Nicole Kidman. I must say, I was satisfied with everything she sang, though Diamonds are a Girls Best Friend is definitely my favorite of hers. Ewan McGregor sounds even better on the CD than he did in the movie, and Roxeanne is unbeleivable, though it was even better with the visuals. Now, for the complaints: Where did all the music go? I don't understand how someone could put together a CD this short when so much music was available. Like a Virgin is gone, Spectacular Spectacular as well, even the Sound of Music Medley was left off. Nirvana is nowhere to be found. This CD is a mere 57 minutes, when there was so much more music to be included. Personally, I can't wait for the movie to come out on DVD so I can make my own soundtrack with all of the songs. The only thing that saved this soundtrack is the incredible qualiy of the songs that were included.
B00005ATQF|4.0|<br />I just wanted to correct some previous user reviews and set the record straight. <br />Full Metal Jacket was recorded in Mono so there is no stereo, Dolby, or DTS sound available unless sobebody goes in a creates it. You are not getting cheated on the sound. <br />Also, regarding the aspect ratio. This DVD is NOT pan and scan. There is a difference between Pan and Scan and Full Screen formats. Full Screen is when they shoot the film in 4 x 3 and matte the top and bottom in the theatre to make it widescreen. They do this so they can transfer the movie to full screen format on VHS without losing any of the image. Pan and Scan is used when the movie is actually shot wide. They transfer it to 4 x 3 on video and then pan across the wide image to show you the most &quot;important&quot; part if the image. The remaining image is chopped off. <br />Kubrick shot Full Screen and chose to matte the top and bottom for theatre presentation. He chose NOT to matte the image when transfering the films to DVD and VHS. You are not losing any of the image on this DVD.
B00005214X|5.0|Perhaps the fact that George Harrison has always kept himself out of the spotlight is the reason why his musical genius has long been overlooked. Working in the shadow of rock n roll's two greatest figures, Lennon and McCartney, Harrison was always seen as the &quot;quiet one&quot;, and indeed he was. But there is nothing sub-par about his musical talent. 31 years later, All Things Must Pass is still perhaps one of the greatest spiritual rock music masterpieces ever created. Songs like &quot;My sweet Lord&quot;, &quot;Hear me Lord&quot; and &quot;Awaiting on you All&quot; are wonderfully prayerful and really portray Harrison as a deep thinking, soulful person. In it's entirety, this is perhaps one of the best and most unjustly underrated albums of all time. From beginning to end, Harrison pours his heart and soul into the music. And &quot;a little help from his friends&quot; Dylan, Clapton , Badfinger, Dave Mason, Ringo, and others doesn't hurt either. This is a must have...in fact, buy two and save one for your children or their children. It's music, and it's message, are truly timeless.
0440539811|5.0|Forget being tied up in mental pretzels, this book (series) ties your mind into more complex knots, and just when you think you've gotten sorted out and untangled, it turns out that they're just leading to into another configuration of knots.<br />I don't think I've ever read a book that made me feel so ignorant.  The authors draw on so many historical, cultural, and mythical references that I knew I'd never get half the references.  I fully intend to go through the book, read every (real) publication they refer to, and go back to read it again.  Maybe *then* it'll make some sense.
B00005AXEL|5.0|\\"Trouble in Shangri-La\\" is probably Stevie's best work yet since \\"Bella Donna.\\" This is a terrific blend of country (Too Far from Texas), R&amp;B (Bombay Sapphires), techno rock (Planets of the Universe), and the same acoustic rock sound (Sorcerer) that made this gold dust woman the queen of her craft. Stevie Nicks has no \\"Trouble\\" spots ahead with this platinum beauty, though I personally wonder if the other performers featured on the album (Sheryl Crow, Natalie Maines, Macy Gray, and Sarah McLachlan) kept popping up in order to revive their own dwindling careers.  But whatever the case, keep on rockin', Gypsy!
0380788624|5.0|If he's as brilliant and entralling as this book...then, sign me up baby! I love books like this, books where you learn as much as you enjoy the plot, the characters, and the lovely language. If you like Umberto Eco, or Godel, Escher,&amp; Bach, you will love this book. I can't wait to read more from this author. Absolutely fabulous.
079213690X|5.0|Mel gibson performance is the rock-solid anchor of this great historic movie. The story captivates you from the very beginning. English oppression, followed by brief part about Wallace's friends, his love-life, battle to avenge the murder of his wife, which then turns out to be the greatest wars in Scotland history with Mel Gibson leading the charge. The famous speech given by William Wallace to his scotish warriors is well acted out by him. Everytime I hear that speech it gives me goosebumps. It is filled with everything: Scottish-history, Fight-for-Freedom, ligth humor, romance, patriotism, sadness and of course a great war! <BR><BR>This is my favorite movie. I like watching movies and usually do not watch a movie again. I have probably seen the entire Braveheart movie 8-9 times. It is a great motivating story. I suggest that you go to the nearest rental store and watch it, and if you like it you might as well buy one. A great great video for your collection.
B00005B36H|5.0|Please give it a listen... the louder, the better.  Each listening will provide new layers, new nuances to savor.  It will grow on you, until one day you will say to yourself, &quot;Wow, this is un-freaking-believable!&quot;  If you don't get something out of Lateralus, then I truly feel sorry for you...
0553579908|3.0|The author has an unbelievable ability to craft complex and believable characters.  Moreover he can really make you hate the bad guys and love the good guys in this book, while making you worried about the fate of the good guys.  There are even fascinating grey characters who are quite likeable, such as Tyrion.  They are plenty of plot twists here, with major characters getting killed, changing the landscape of the story. The story appears to be building to some great climax that makes you want to read more.<br />I would have given this book 5 stars, but I have one serious gripe.  The author is perversely obsessed with sex.  He feels compelled to describe various illicit sexual situations in many chapters in great detail, adding nothing of value to the story in my opinion.  There is also unnecessary foul language.  It's a shame because I'm still looking for good novels that I can allow my 10 year old son to read.  This isn't one of them.
B00003CXAA|5.0|- Disc 1 THE GODFATHER (with Coppola commentary)  - Disc 2/3 THE GODFATHER, PART II (with Coppola commentary)  - Disc 4 THE GODFATHER, PART III (with Coppola commentary)  - Disc 5 THE GODFATHER BONUS MATERIALS <br />Disc 5 contains the following: <br />- Francis Coppola's Notebook: an inside look at Coppola and the creative process, taking The Godfather from book to screen  - On Location with Academy Award-winning production designer Dean Tavoularis, who goes back to New York's Lower East Side for a look at some of the original locations where `The Godfather films were shot  - The Godfather Family: A Look Inside: a 73-minute documentary on the films' origins, including original screen tests and rehearsals  - The Godfather Behind the Scenes 1971 - a featurette from the original theatrical release  - Additional scenes: scenes that were added to later versions of the original films, presented within a timeline of events from 1898 forward that chronicles the Corleones' rise and real-life events  - The Cinematography of The Godfather featuring Gordon Willis  - The Music of the Godfather: two featurettes looking at the unforgettable musical contributions of Nino Rota and Carmine Coppola  - Coppola and Puzo on Screenwriting: the collaboration of the novelist and filmmaker adapting the book to the screen  - Storyboards from THE GODFATHER PART II and animatic storyboards from THE GODFATHER PART III  - The Corleone Family Tree: character and cast biographies  - Academy Award acceptance speeches  - Photo galleries with captions  - Theatrical trailers  - Filmmaker biographies. <br />The DVDs of THE GODFATHER, THE GODFATHER PART II and THE GODFATHER PART III are presented in widescreen format enhanced for 16:9 televisions. The audio tracks feature Dolby Digital English 5.1 Surround and French Mono. All three films are closed-captioned and sub-titled in English. <br />THE GODFATHER has a running time of approximately 175 minutes, THE GODFATHER PART II is 200 minutes, THE GODFATHER PART III is 170 minutes, and ``The Godfather Bonus Materials Disc'' has approximately three hours and 20 minutes of bonus video features and nearly 300 informative menu pages and still images.
B00005B36H|4.0|After listening to Undertow, I can tell you Lateralus is a different experience all together. The four great songs on this album, &quot;The Grudge&quot;, &quot;Schism&quot;, &quot;Lateralis&quot;, and of course the masterpiece that is &quot;Parabola&quot;, make this albumn everybit as good as Undertow. Don't stop reading now though, not all of the songs on Lateralus are great, in fact many of them aren't even half good. Some are long and drawn out songs which never seem to reach their climax (The Patient, Reflection) while others (Eon Blue Apocalypse, Mantra, Triand) are &quot;instrumental&quot; pieces that offer nothing, no amazing guitar riffs or drum solos here. The last song Faipp de Oiad is in a word weird, but completely understandable for a Tool CD.
B00005LB9O|2.0|with the exception of a few decent singles (Side, Sing, Flowers in the Window),Fran Healy and company deliver a staggeringly generic set of tunes here on their third album.  the lush, alluring arrangements that propelled  &quot;The Man Who&quot; have been all but abandoned... instead, Travis now blesses us with tedious acousting strumming and consistently dull chord sequences. the fact that a lifeless clunker like &quot;dear diary&quot; would be sequenced as the album's second song speaks volumes (such a song would probably not even have been included on &quot;The Man Who&quot;).  <br />as if this isn't dissapointing enough, the usually brilliant Nigel Godrich turns in the first dud of his production career. inexplicably, most of &quot;Invisible Band's&quot; tracks suffer from extraorinarily high levels of compression, giving the album a rather flat and uninspiring sound.  let the buyer beware...
