B004LOMB2Q|4.0|i want to take handwritten notes with my kindle. i want do it through  something like the skribble apps where you draw the letters. thank you!
B0063IH60K|4.0|Great way to stay busy while waiting in line or when you are just bored.  Easy to use as well.
0743298020|4.0|I found this book to be along the lines of Daphne du Maurier novels. Gothic and a nice twist at the end. My mom was of the opinion that the twist at the end came of out left field but I felt there were plenty of hints along the way that allowed the twist to make sense.
B0063GORYU|5.0|great app easy and fun. keeps me busy for hours. works great on my kindle fire. don't know where the spider fits in
B000YDCFRE|5.0|GREAT PAIR OF BOOTS, GOT THEM FOR MY SON   HE COULDNT WAIT TO GET THEM HE LOVES THEM   HE SAID THEY FIT GREAT AND FEEL REALLY GOOD  NOT TO METION THAT THEY LOOK COOL
B005K17RU0|3.0|occasional lag, trouble updating, battery drain...quite accurate, just make sure to disable gps whenever possible. Otherwise I do recommend this app over all others.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|In my opinion, this is the best Bible app out there.  I have been using it every day for over a month.  I am enjoying using some of the reading plans too.  It is easy and fun to highlight verses in different colors  and the audio feature is wonderful.
B0013527I4|2.0|We ordered this for my 4 yrs old who loves Swedish Chef thinking it would be a great gift. Overall it has been, but there has been some adult language in some of the jokes that is not appropriate for children.
B0000E6I1J|3.0|The same old pals, yes, they are the masters and the same old good tunes but not very fresh.Just a few new breath.
B005NQ5LQ4|5.0|My family loves these movie.  We are all into Martial arts.  There are three IP MAN movies, be sure to get them all.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Excellent CD. I have a few of her songs though I have followed her through the years. I haven't yet bought one of her CDs since she won American Idol. I'm disappointed in myself as I often sing along with her on the radio and turn her music up with the Windows down.  I didn't just buy her CD for her mentioning Ron Paul, I bought it because she has been on my music list for far too long.<br /><br />She has a beautiful voice and a personality to boot! In this album, she brings back her style she has kept with every album. There are songs to let out your inner rock star along with songs of passion and heartbreak. She reminds me of a younger Celine Dion when Celine was singing songs that were on pop stations. Throw in some spunk and you've got Kelly.
0897500482|5.0|This is one of the best books I've read on Martial Arts.  Not only was Bruce Lee an awesome Martial Artist he also had the ability to teach, write and to lead others long after his death.  This is a must have book for all Marial Artist.  It is full of quotes and ideas applicable not only to Jeet Kune Do but American Kenpo as well.  I imagine most other styles as well.
B003Y5HWMW|5.0|I will keep this short because the other reviews are far better written, and go in to way more depth than I will. If you are a fantasy fan this is a must see, the story and plot develop slowly, which allows you to actually get to know the characters. I highly recommend you read the books, as a precursor you will catch little things the show just does not have time to go in detail for. If your not a book reader I strongly recommend using a guide of sorts to better help you understand the story, game of thrones Wiki helped me a lot because when I began watching the series had read none of the books. Now after just finishing Clash of Kings, and beginning A Feast for Crows, I feel as though I will get so much more from the Season 2 (which starts in April... Hmmm wonder why the BluRay is coming out in March...)I highly recommend the series and the books! One of my favorite HBO shows (it has surpassed True Blood.... Shhhhh don't tell my fellow TB'ians).
B005OK722U|4.0|GREAT FILM! Great storyline,writing,acting and directing. Not the best in the series but for shure worth the buy especially if you liked the first 2.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Lots of fun.  Easy to play.  Easy. to. win. I love the colors. on my Kindle Fire.  Its very enjoyable.
B005WFWVL4|5.0|5 star film in my opinion brilliant script writing A +++++ Acting, great directing andddd MATT EEFN DAMON. Overall this is a near perfect film and will leave most people overly satisfied with the end result. CANT GO WRONG WITH THIS BUY.
B0063IH60K|4.0|Good classic solitaire but there is an add before most games and is an annoyance to close.<br />I wish it would let me zoom in or out.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|This is a great album, there are no filler songs they are all good. Kelly has a beautiful voice and sings with a passion on this one.
B005K2XRYE|5.0|Perfect case to put your Kindle Fire! I always travel with my kindle and I needed to make sure that I didn't scratch my Kindle!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|We are so blessed to have a device that offers us thisgreat oppurtunity. down load it and take time to draw. closer to Lord.
B003VS0CWO|5.0|I have loved this movie since the first time I saw it in the movie theater when I was very young! I always enjoyed singing and dancing with this movie! Perfect movie for movie night with friends! Not just for Halloween!
B006BDHAX0|2.0|Love the graphics, first game that I didnt hate the background music, but every 5 to 7 minutes of game play and the game crashes. Erik change rating when new update is available. For now it's a two.
B005M5OSBK|5.0|Following all their music, this one has all the best song arrangements which I love in one Cd.  Magnificent music.
B000002OMN|2.0|The CD and case look like they were used as a hockey puck.  The case is cracked and to say the CD is scratched is an understatement.  The condition advertised was very good.  If this is very good the poor must have been used for target pratice.
B004JZBGWI|5.0|I love this app!! it is so simple, but it works perfectly!! I use it all the time on my kindle fire :)
159102594X|5.0|Just when I thought I couldn't get excited about any sword and scorcery I found this series by Joe Abercrombie.<br /><br />I loved them and look forward to anything new by Joe.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|it has a lot of games and they can be challanging. there are some small glitches. but overall, good game
B005I6EU48|5.0|The cover is super soft, and the red is a deep brick and the cover embossing has a truly vintage feel to it. The cover folds all the way back for easy reading. The micro-suede  is super soft and easily protects the kindle when its closed and stored. The corner elastics very securely stores the kindle and keeps it a good 1/2 inch, above the bottom edge of the cover so you don't accidentally bump the on/off button.
B006BDHAX0|1.0|I would love of give a review of the game, but anytime I try to open it, it just flashes black screen then I'm back to my home screen. I never even make it to the game menu. Acer a500
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|Idk why people are complaining about the ads, if they are there I haven't. even noticed them. And as for those who say it doesn't. run well on the KindleFire, well I've. had this app downloaded since the first day I got my Fire, and have never had a problem. But anyways, this game is great, super addicting, and best of all it's free, so why not take advantage of it!? :)
B0009U5DD0|5.0|I bought this CD for my hip but picky 68-year-old brother. He was skeptical at first, but soon he was singing cuts from the CD, and then later he told me he planned to make copies for all four of his vehicles.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|I must admit I have not really followed you. I don't watch American Idol, but i knew you did well on that show.  Therefore, I knew you were talented. However, your recent stance on Ron Paul made me check you out.   Talented AND principled?  That's a singer i can listen to!
B0063GORYU|5.0|I never get tired of playing. It's a great mental warm-up. I play on my laptop, kindle, and Touch.
B004SBS8LA|4.0|I love this game but where is the last update?? Five stars if you quit holding out. needed more words. there
0439023521|4.0|The similarities between this first book of the Hunger Games (I haven't read the follow ups yet) and the Battle Royale *NOVEL* are far too many for me to believe that there was no inspiration drawn from the latter whatsoever.  The structure of the game, and the basic premise of its rules and function, are uncannily alike.<br /><br />However, the similarities stop there.  Hunger Games is more of a romantic adventure at its core.<br /><br />It was a page turner, thanks to chapters that almost always ended on a cliffhanger.  The relationship between her and the main lead boy was the kind I found myself engaged in, even if the characters kept making decisions that drove me nuts (though that's the usual way with most YA fantasy/adventure books I've read).<br /><br />I knock off a star and a half for what's missing.  The characters are fun enough for me to want to continue to read their stories, but they're far and few between.  Twenty four children are pitted in a fight to the death, and the only character whose motives and feelings I'm really given insight to are those of Katniss.  The story would have much more emotional pull if we were privy to the deeper thoughts and backstories of almost all of the other characters.
B00005LOUP|5.0|it was sent to me  very fast, at a great price. in great condition thank you very much .  great buisness!!
B004LWZW4C|5.0|this movie is the business!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! seriously greatly entertaining and the quality? its blu ray duh! quality was amazing...and shipped sooner than expected
B005HIBWFW|4.0|Many thanks to Amazon. I have been waiting such a long time to finally get this Ken Russell masterpiece on DVD ! Considering \\"The Music Lovers\\" was released on the big screen 41 years ago the DVD transfer is great and - thank God ! - on widescreen. Tchaikovsky music gives wings to Chamberlain and Jackson's incredible performances. This is a 'must have' for Ken Russell fans. We're still waiting for a DVD release of \\"The Devils\\", THE Ken Russell masterpiece.
B00428CPUY|5.0|How can you go wrong with this stellar cast of guitar slingers?  I have all 3 Crossroads DVDs, and have been very pleased with all of them.  Thanks, Amazon.
1400079144|3.0|I predicted how this book would end about 1/3rd of the way through the book.  It was exciting at times, but mostly felt like a reincarnation of other Brown novels.  Overall, I wasn't impressed with it at all.
B002KSPKRS|4.0|Im gonna start saying that this headphones are way better than the x31 that i had before i had to buy these ones because my new tv doesnt have optical analog out so i need it something with the optical input that being said i have to say that this headphone are great  unlike my x31 you can hear where the sound is coming from also another thing that i like a lot is that i get not interferience between my router and my x41 receiver even know they are next to each other the only thing i didnt like was that turtle beach forget to put my optical cable in the package so i couldnt use it for a few days but amazon took care of it amazon customer service is the best thats why i buy all my things from here and this headphones everywhere else are $159+ tax so you they are way cheaper here in amazon definily a must buy
0743289692|5.0|This book is definitely a great read.  It reads very well, not at all dry or slow.  Great descriptions of social and cultural differences that exist in Somalia and its neighboring countries.<br />I can't believe that Ayaan has lived the life she writes about, makes my problems seem miniscule.<br />I would highly recommend this book.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Music never sounded so good as it does with an intelligent-liberty-loving-patriot vocalist.  Thanks Kelly.  You really made my day!  These Album CDs are really going to make great gifts for my friends and family.
B003Y5H53S|4.0|Rango(released March /11) features the voice talents of,among many others,Alfred Molina,Ned Beatty,Bill Nighy,Harry Dean Stanton and of course Johnny Depp.Depp takes the lead voice as the chameleon who takes on the Rango name and ultimately becomes the unwitting hero in a town that badly needs one.The film is not a release from a major animation studio like Pixar but made/financed through Nickelodeon & GK films,along with Blind Wink.However it has every bit the quality of any other animation studio going and is beautiful and rich in its detail.<br />The film opens as a chameleon is standing in a terrarium,acting out a strange play with inanimate objects that surround him.This is definitely an animal without a life.Suddenly his whole world changes as a sudden stop sends his terrarium crashing onto the hot black tar road,where he is left abandoned.There he meets up with an armadillo who has recently been run over,evidenced by his middle,which has been flattened to the road.The armadillo is a sage of sorts who offers the chameleon some words of advice in his quest for his true self.<br />the chameleon makes it across the road to the desert,where he wanders until he meets an iguana driving a wagon called Beans.She takes him to the town of Dirt.In Dirt water is like gold and the populace there long for the day when it becomes plentiful as it once did.In the local saloon,he has a confrontation with a tuffy there and he adopts the name of Rango from then on.He is also given the job of Sheriff by the towns mayor,a tortoise.It seems the mayor thought he could control Rango,but Rango takes his position with the utmost seriousness.<br />The only source of water left in town is in the bank vault.One night Rango intercepts two prairie dogs digging to get into the bank,caught far short,out in the street.Not twigging on to their real intent,Rango ends up giving them the proper equipment along with the proper digging permit.Next day the water has disappeared out of the bank vault(no surprise),and Rango organizes a posse to find them.<br />They all end up underground following a huge water pipe.This eventually brings them to the home of the prairie dogs and the huge water dispenser that was stolen.It turns out the dispenser is empty.Someone got to it before they did,but who? More detective work takes them near Las Vegas where the valve from which the underground pipes lead to,has been turned off.It seems the mayor and his cronies who have been running Dirt for years,have been hoarding the water for themselves and using it as a control carrot on the rest of the townspeople.The valve is turned back on and before you know it the entire town and surrounding area is water saturated for the first time in years.The mayors control,and life,comes crashing down around his ears and Rango becomes Dirts hero.<br />Deft in script and animation,the film does start off rather slowly as we start to learn about this strange actor wanna be/chameleon.Once he hits the desert,the film picks up considerably and never stops until the end.There is alot of humour here that would go over the head of youngsters and as it comes in at 111 minutes in length,I doubt whether the younger set could sit still long enough to stay with this film.There are alot of neat touches though like the Mariachi Owl band that comes in and out of the film,singing of Rango and his imminent death,and Rango's meeting with the Man with No Name or the legendary Spirit of the West.This is,of course,Clint Eastwood's famous character(voiced by Tim Olyphant).He is dressed in his Man with No name regalia from his 60s movies,with a metal detector in hand and driving a golf cart with his OSCARS in the back!Now I know there are few if any younger than twenty years old that would get that reference.<br />Technically speaking the film is clear and crisp,the animation just awesome and it is in its original w/s a/r.Extras include a featurette on the real denizens of the desert,the original theatrical and extended versions and 10 deleted scenes.In point of fact,the deleted scenes here are just those extras from the extended version.<br />All in all a recommended animation charmer.Depp is wonderful as the lead lizard here,and the world of Dirt and the intrigue of the films plot,keep you interested from the moment he enters the town to the end of the film.Above all the animation is superb.ted scenes.In point of fact,the deleted scenes here are just those extras from the extended version.  All in all a recommended animation charmer.Depp is wonderful as the lead lizard here,and the world of Dirt and the intrigue of the films plot,keep you interested from the moment he enters the town to the end of the film.Above all the animation is superb.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I love it! lots of options. no in game ads. smooth play with great Ai. hints included and options too deal a winner.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|After re-viewing Avatar(released Dec/09),not having seen it since its initial theatrical run,I am still impressed beyond words with the films epic scope and sweep.It is a dazzling combination of real actors combined with digital S/FX and animation.Of course the metaphors abound here as the planet Pandora refers to the infamous box when once disturbed releases all manner of troubles for man,the box here being the populace of the planet.Then there is the precious Unobtanium the mining company is after,as in unobtainable.In fact that along with the dialogue could be considered low grade stuff on a quality scale if put under the critical microscope,but it is the journey of its protagonist and this magnificent new world and its inhabitants that we come to discover,that raise the bar right into the stratosphere.The Na`Vi themselves,blue and 10 feet tall with cat like eyes and a tail,the plethora of strange creatures that inhabit the ground world and world of the air,the small touches like the bio-luminescence of forest floor when they walk on it at night,the small white floating creatures with wavy tendrils,the sacred floating islands of the air and so much more.It all adds up to a spectacularly wonderful and epic spectacle not seen on the screen before,that one cannot seem to get enough of.It is not surprising then that they re-released this film with far more footage.They did a three disc edition that I reviewed,with three different versions,including the original theatrical version.However its`faulty packaging that made the discs severely prone to scratching kyboshed that release,bigtime,and I sent mine back for a refund.But recently I thought I would pick this one up just to at least have the original version,and I`m glad I did.<br />The story involves a former Marine named Jake Sully who is sent to the planet Pandora,who is a wheelchair bound parapalegic.He is replacing his dead brother in the avatar program,which has been seeking to bond with the planets inhabitants,but so far with little success.The humans in the program lie in an electronic tube and they remotely operate/enter a genetically produced Na`vi,a native of Pandora.These avatars have been ``grown`` with DNA culled and combined from humans and Na`vi.The mining company on the planet also has a security contingent there who are just a trigger pull away from going in with guns blazing if things don`t move ahead faster.<br />Sully is initially used by the security firm as a mole and to provide inside intel on the progress with the Na`vi and their intentions.As Sully gets farther and farther involved with the Na`vi and even falls in love with the local tribes chiefs`daughter,all bets are off.The company has become impatient and now are on the move to forcibly evict the Na`vi from their homes,under which lies the precious mineral the company seeks.Sully is now with them in mind and spirit and he helps to defend the Na`vi.`Several instances almost cause a break between Sully and the tribe but in the end he is in there,uniting many tribes on the planet and actually leading the fight against the company.The showdown comes to its inevitable conclusion and the Na`vi regain their freedom and planet back.The humans,except for a chosen few,are expelled from Pandora.Jake is transformed into a real Na`vi with the help of the peoples sacred tree.<br />Technically the film is in its original w/s a/r of 1:78:1 and is clear and crisp.There are no extras in this single disc edition.That`s why I say it is served straight up.<br />All in all a highly recommended Sci-Fi fantasy of epic proportions.You will revel in the fascinating flora,fauna and peoples of Pandora and the protagonists` winning over and eventual joining with its people.It doesn`t get much better than this.so far with little success.The humans in the program lie in an electronic tube and they remotely operate/enter a genetically produced Na`vi,a native of Pandora.These avatars have been ``grown`` with DNA culled and combined from humans and Na`vi.The mining company on the planet also has a security contingent there who are just a trigger pull away from going in with guns blazing if things don`t move ahead faster.  Sully is initially used by the security firm as a mole and to provide inside intel on the progress with the Na`vi and their intentions.As Sully gets farther and farther involved with the Na`vi and even falls in love with the local tribes chiefs`daughter,all bets are off.The company has become impatient and now are on the move to forcibly evict the Na`vi from their homes,under which lies the precious mineral the company seeks.Sully is now with them in mind and spirit and he helps to defend the Na`vi.`Several instances almost cause a break between Sully and the tribe but in the end he is in there,uniting many tribes on the planet and actually leading the fight against the company.The showdown comes to its inevitable conclusion and the Na`vi regain their freedom and planet back.The humans,except for a chosen few,are expelled from Pandora.Jake is transformed into a real Na`vi with the help of the peoples sacred tree.  Technically the film is in its original w/s a/r of 1:78:1 and is clear and crisp.There are no extras in this single disc edition.That`s why I say it is served straight up.  All in all a highly recommended Sci-Fi fantasy of epic proportions.You will revel in the fascinating flora,fauna and peoples of Pandora and the protagonists` winning over and eventual joining with its people.It doesn`t get much better than this.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I wanted to read these books before I allowed my daughter to and have fallen in love with them! There is a ring of truth to what I saw as the underlying message in the books. The things that we do or watch for entertainment and how it affects our children.  I would highly recommend these books to anyone of any age.  Can't wait for the movie to come out!!!
B001HN694K|3.0|Alice in Wonderland(released Feb/10)stars Johnny Depp(as the Mad Hatter),Helena Bonham Carter(as the Queen of Hearts),Anne Hathaway as the White Queen,Crispin Glover as the Knave of Hearts and Mia Wasakowska in the title role as Alice.Depp of course has collaborated with Burton on more than a few of his projects and,as usual,Depp steals every scene he is in.I must say off the top that I am no Tim Burton fan at all.He has had some real stinkers like Cabin Boy and Mars Attacks,his animated films do absolutely nothing for me and he usually directs with a very heavy hand,Pee Wees Big Adventure being a prime example;a movie that should have been much better if it had been lighter in tone and faster paced.So to get me to see a Burton film,let alone review one,has got to take some doing.A friend of mine got after me repeatedly to watch this,so I finally caved.I found Burtons heavy hand again and a totally miscast and uninteresting Alice in Mia Wasakowska.The movie only really starts to come to life once she is down the rabbit hole under the tree,before and after is sheer boredom.But I found it interesting enough to give it at least an average mark.<br />The story involves Carroll`s beloved character of Alice here betrothed to a rather obnoxious society Lord.As he proposes in a gazebo under the scrutiny of all at the huge garden soiree,she spies a rabbit and excuses herself to run after it.She finds a large hole underneath of a tree and tumbles into it.After attempts at growing and shrinking she finally enters Wonderland.She apparently has been there before but it takes almost the entire film for her to realize her strange dreams over the years were based on real events.She runs into a plethora of Wonderland characters including Tweedledum and Tweedledee,the White Rabbit,the blue Caterpillar,the Dormouse,The Cheshire cat,the March Hare,among many,many others.What she discovers is this land is ruled by the psychotic Queen of Hearts,she of the bulbous head and deadly swift temper.<br />At one point Alice comes upon a long table at which sits the dormouse,the March Hare and the Mad Hatter.Depp is a master of the exotic and strange in his characters and this is no exception,as he embues the Hatter with the right mix of madness,a marvelous vulnerability and pathos,all wrapped up in a kind heart.Over time Alice becomes mixed up in the ruling Queens court and finds the Vorpal sword which is the only thing capable of killing the Jaberwocky(a dragon like creature),a venture she is destined to perform.She escapes with it to the White Queen,the Queen of Hearts nice sister,who previously ruled wonderland.In the meantime the Hatter has been arrested but he escapes and provokes an uprising against the Queen of Hearts.The resistance,for the moment,is quashed but the `rebels`escape to the White Queen.There they amass,regroup and return in a final epic battle with the Queen of Hearts troops.<br />It is now Frabjous Day,the day of the final battle and the day Alice,with Vorpal sword in hand,and dressed in battle armour,confronts the Jabberwocky.In the end all is returned to normal as the Queen of Hearts and her consort,the Knave of Hearts,are banished from the kingdom.Alice says a farewell to her friends and returns to the ``real`` world above.Little time has passed since she left and she returns to the gazebo,refuses the request for marriage and enters into a mutually beneficial business partnership with her uncle.<br />Technically speaking the film is clear and crisp and is in its original a/r of 1:78:1.Extras include three featurettes on the making of the film.<br />All in all just an average Burton entry.It would have gotten higher marks if the film had been more interesting in the pre and post Wonderland sequences.Also Mia Wasakowska is totally miscast and a bore as Alice,with little or no life in her portrayal.Depp is the entire show here,along with Carroll`s wonderful Wonderland characters and with Helena Bonham Carter coming in in third place.For Depp fans this is a must.For the rest of us...the usual.a must.For the rest of us...the usual.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|luv this game! it is so fun! I like that u have 2 earn points 2 unlock games! on top of that the app is free
B002SJIO4A|4.0|District 9(released Aug./09)is a film  presented and produced by Lord of the Rings wonderkind Peter Jackson.Sony thought by putting his name conspicuously on the trailer credits it would entice the movie goers to give up their bucks at the box office...and it worked.What the tease trailer didn't show however was how long the film was going to be.I saw it on first release,and my opinion then,and after just having re-viewed it on DVD now,is the same...it is a little long.Having said that though,it is a compelling movie and if you stick with it you will be rewarded.<br />The story starts out in /82 when a huge spacecraft came to hover over Johannesburg,S.A.The locals waited and waited and finally moved on the ship and entered it.Inside they ran into alot of ETs...in fact over a million of them.They put them into nothing more than interment camps below,which was overseen by the MNU,a private security firm.<br />20 years come and go and the aliens,referred to as prawns because of their facial resemblance to them(they are bipedal),are rubbing the human population the wrong way.Finally comes the day when the MNU goes into the alien slums and tries to evict them for relocation away from the capital city and the peoples wrath.One Wikus Van Der Merwe(Sharlto Copley)is the desk jockey put in charge of the entire operation by the big boss of MNU,who just happens to be his father in law.Der Merwe is totally green and ill at ease at trying to deal with the situation.As we follow him and MRU around vis a vis a you-are-there type of camera style,we see and learn alot about how the aliens survive in the camp and how they are exploited not only by their own kind but by hard human outsiders,specifically a local band of Nigerian thugs who buy,sell and exploit them ad nauseum for their own wicked ends.<br />During what was supposed to be just another alien eviction Der Merwe encounters a father and son alien.Inside their shack he discovers a cylinder containing an unknown liquid.It accidentally sprays him in the face and after wiping it off he goes on with his job.The cylinder is bagged as evidence and sent to MNU headquarters for examination.As Der Merwe continues on he displays ever increasing signs of a terrible sickness coming on.After a couple of days his symptoms,such as losing fingernails and vomiting a yucky black ooze,he eventually finds he has grown an alien arm.The infection seems to be bent on turning him into a prawn.Back at the shack from whence the cylinder came from we learn that the father of the father/son aliens has been distilling a liquid for many years to be able to propel a spacecraft,which sits underneath his shack,up to the mother ship so they can leave.Der Merwe's confiscation of the cylinder has kyboshed  his plans.<br />Der Merwe's sickness has not escaped the watchful medical arm of MNU however.In fact with his father in laws permission,they want to eventually dissect him and harvest his body parts.Before they do this however,they want him to try and shoot several alien weapons which have been bio-engineered to work only with alien DNA.Against his will Der Merwe is forced to test fire the weapons,even on an innocent prawn.When they start to try and cut him open he is able to break away from the table and escape the building.He returns to the father/son alien with his dilemma to ask for their help.The father tells him if they had the liquid they could take him to the mother ship to return him to normal.With the aliens help they plan a break in of the MNU facilities,and they actually succeed in regaining control of the all important cylinder of liquid propellant.<br />Returning back to the settlement,and when all is in place,the alien tells Der Merwe that the process to return him back to normal will take three years(a trip to his home planet and back!).Der Merwe is in shock and as MNU troops close in on them Der Merwe commandeers the ship,but it is taken down shortly after take off.Der Merwe is taken hostage by the Nigerians and at the same time the alien has activated the mothership to move and hover over the downed ship on earth.Both father and son make their way to the ship while Der Merwe barely escapes with his life from the Nigerians,with a walking alien battle machine.Der Merwe battles the MNU troops,protecting the alien as much as he can.The aliens reach the ship and the mother ship,right on cue,lifts the smaller ship into the air until it is safely inside.<br />The battle ends and the film comes to its conclusion as we see Der Merwe,now fully turned into a prawn,sitting on a junk pile making flowers out of bits of scrap metal,which he deposits on the front doorstep of his home,for his wife to find;waiting for the three years to end.<br />The film is a definite metaphor for apartheid,coincidentally(?)situated in the very country it originated from.As the film opens we see the tell tale signs throughout Johannesburg of Humans Only or No Aliens Allowed. But this theme has a twist to it,as the very black population which was oppressed by the white minority,which resulted in the apartheid term in the first place,is now oppressing,along with Afrikaners,a new minority in the aliens.<br />When we first encounter the desk jockey Der Merwe,now put in charge of an operation which is clearly out of his league,we see him as a weak kneed and condescending company man,smiling and talking uncomfortably as the camera follows he and his team from MNU HQ and into the alien ghetto.When he gets violently ill and eventually starts to change into an alien,our original feelings,along with Der Merwes condescension towards the aliens,also changes.In other words as he becomes more compassionate towards them(in fact turning into one),we become more compassionate towards him.Finally,as I stated earlier,it is an overly long movie and it is this along with the directors slight over attention to details(that possibly should otherwise have been left out) that are the two main things that I find that work against it.The rest;the story,the pace and the S/Fx,is all good.<br />Technically speaking the film is clear and crisp in its original a/r of 1:85:1.Extras include deleted scenes,commentary and a three part featurette on the making of the movie.<br />In conclusion,though a long and at times an unnecessarily detailed film,the movie as a whole is pretty good and if you stay with it it is worth watching.Recommended.e time the alien has activated the mothership to move and hover over the downed ship on earth.Both father and son make their way to the ship while Der Merwe barely escapes with his life from the Nigerians,with a walking alien battle machine.Der Merwe battles the MNU troops,protecting the alien as much as he can.The aliens reach the ship and the mother ship,right on cue,lifts the smaller ship into the air until it is safely inside.  The battle ends and the film comes to its conclusion as we see Der Merwe,now fully turned into a prawn,sitting on a junk pile making flowers out of bits of scrap metal,which he deposits on the front doorstep of his home,for his wife to find;waiting for the three years to end.  The film is a definite metaphor for apartheid,coincidentally(?)situated in the very country it originated from.As the film opens we see the tell tale signs throughout Johannesburg of Humans Only or No Aliens Allowed. But this theme has a twist to it,as the very black population which was oppressed by the white minority,which resulted in the apartheid term in the first place,is now oppressing,along with Afrikaners,a new minority in the aliens.  When we first encounter the desk jockey Der Merwe,now put in charge of an operation which is clearly out of his league,we see him as a weak kneed and condescending company man,smiling and talking uncomfortably as the camera follows he and his team from MNU HQ and into the alien ghetto.When he gets violently ill and eventually starts to change into an alien,our original feelings,along with Der Merwes condescension towards the aliens,also changes.In other words as he becomes more compassionate towards them(in fact turning into one),we become more compassionate towards him.Finally,as I stated earlier,it is an overly long movie and it is this along with the directors slight over attention to details(that possibly should otherwise have been left out) that are the two main things that I find that work against it.The rest;the story,the pace and the S/Fx,is all good.  Technically speaking the film is clear and crisp in its original a/r of 1:85:1.Extras include deleted scenes,commentary and a three part featurette on the making of the movie.  In conclusion,though a long and at times an unnecessarily detailed film,the movie as a whole is pretty good and if you stay with it it is worth watching.Recommended.
1577314808|1.0|While doing research on Amazon today, I accidentally clicked on this book instead of the one below. Having read the book shortly after it was published, I was surprised at the large number of comments.  Out of curiosity, I scrolled through them, and was amazed by what I read.  Hence this review.  A very heavy reader of both Eastern and Western spiritual books, for more than four decades, I have studied, worked with, counseled, and taught personal/spiritual growth programs.  It has been a primary focus, both for my personal development and in my professional life as a licensed interfaith minister and holistic practitioner. I originally purchased the book and CDs after noticing some very less than positive changes in a client of our holistic wellness center who had begun studying The Power of Now.  Having earlier received some quite negative feedback from other practitioners, friends, and acquaintances, I decided to review the material.  After managing to plow through it, I can only say that the book is incredibly poorly written, filled with erroneous statements, and is a virtual diatribe of vague, oftentimes nonsensical, theories. I could only shake my head at the unsubstantiated and non-life affirming mish-mash of Eastern/Western thinking.  While there are some lovely, inspiring phrases -- most of which are simply non-acknowledged, re-phrased concepts and statements that \\"true\\" spiritual leaders have written about since ancient times -- the underlying negativity and many unproven, off-the-wall theories totally negate the book's value. As for the CDs? A speaker E.T. is not!!! Between his heavy accent and laboriously slow monotone while reciting the book verbatim -- the experience was so useless and the content so repetitive and boring, I trashed the lot of them, and suggested that the client do the same, which she did.   After more than four decades of studying and working with spiritual understanding and personal growth, both personally and with the thousands of patients with whom I have had the honor and joy of working, it has been my experience, as well as the experience of clients and students, that true enlightenment does not come from the overly dramatic, instaneous events as described by the author.  Moments of Grace -- yes, many are blessed with those; True, full awakening and enlightenment, as described by the writer -- Highly Unlikely, at best.   While meditation and guided imagery are wonderful tools, and introspection is a significant part of awakening -- the process goes far, far beyond the vagaries of the author's writing.  The experiences of almost all of the masters, from ancient times to today, and even my own my personal journey, suggest that \\"enlightenment\\" is not an instant end point, one which descends upon us in a flash-of-the-eye.  Yes, Buddha awoke in an instant -- but that instant came after many years of dedicated work and deep thought, study, training, and commitment. None of which seemed to have been required of Mr. Tolle, or so he believes.  The dictates of wisdom suggest that true spiritual awakening is a life-long process in which we continue to explore, discover, change, grow, and commit to living each day more fully, more authentically, more lovingly, more joyously, and more compassionately throughout our lives.  True spirituality is about both being and doing; it is not about denying, ignoring, supressing, and disconnecting with ourself and the world by retreating into a mindless, limbo state of no-thought, no-thing escapism in an attempt to suppress our true nature and power, relieved only by brief sojourns into intense periods of extreme highs when feelings of powerlessness induced by depression become intolerable, (as also experienced by individuals western medicine labels bi-polar).  True wisdom writings say we are here so that Life may experience Its' Self in physical form. I believe deeply that we come to expand and contribute our own unique gifts to this magnificent and awesomely intelligent universe. Sadly, this author seems to perceive a different world, and neither fosters nor provides any real guidance of value.  Many yogas, nuns and monks have and continue to spend long, cloistered lives in earnest meditation in an attempt to obtain a mind empty of all thought so as to attain enlightenment, and it eludes all but a very few, such as the Dali Lami. There is no quick-fix, no magic bullet of a non-thinking mind, that results in enlightenment which pops in and saves us from a lifetime of deep, chronic depression and anxiety.  To take away that which we have held onto for a lifetime, would be to take away the free will given us at creation.  Even those of us who have had accidents resulting in one or more near-death experiences, which are beautiful beyond description,none to my knowledge would even think of calling ourselves \\"enlightened.\\"  We still have to do the work of letting go of that which does not serve our true being, make the changes, and learn day-by-day to live the insights gained from those experiences.  And it is still a lifetime process. Desire, work, and commitment are required. We come to this magnificent jewel of the universe -- this awesomely intelligent natural living library to stretch, learn, and grow, through gaining understanding of the many messages and gifts hidden within our life experiences.  While the writer's \\"enlightenment\\" experience makes for good copy, a good \\"story\\" although some of the descriptive rheotric is over the top, at best -- those perceptions are perceptions, yet, or still. Truth (Reality)and Perception (beliefs about the nature of reality) are not one and the same!  For example, decades ago during the Haight-Ashbury days, thousands of young people frequently had mind-blowing experiences similar to Tolle's reported experience, simply by using LSD. Did their experiences result in \\"instant enlightenment?\\" Did it give those many young people the insight and wisdom of true spiritual leaders? Did they suddenlybecome oracles of truth? Did it enable their bodies to go without food or physical movement for -- not days -- but years? Did it solve their problems, did it remove the uncertainty, the fear, the depression, the anxiety and feelings of impotence at the gap between the world they perceived and the ideal world they envisoned. Now older and wiser, numerous clients have told me it simply resulted in chaotic \\"flashbacks\\" oftemtimes for many years, and various physical/emotional problems that were denied and buried, only to return even stronger, which had to be dealt with later in life.    Another interesting observation was made on scrolling through the very lengthy list of comments. I noticed that the author had removed one, which apparently was not to his liking -- something I have never seen another author ever do, even though I regularly purchase large quantities of books from Amazon, Barnes & Noble, and other bookstores who post comments/ratings.  Moreover, unlike virtually every other book review on Amazon's site,including many, many best sellers wherein all of the ratings from comment to comment include many 4s and 3s, along with the 1s and 2s, that is not the case with this book.  It is by no stretch of the imagination world-shaking in its design, content, or new knowledge, and one seldom even hears his name any longer.  And yet, the comments are an endless list of page after page of all 5-star ratings. Yes, there are a tiny smattering of 1 and 2 stars by purchasers, most of whom seem well read and knowledgeable about many spiritual writings. Most are not even moderate/mediocre liked reviews -- but posted by individuals who saw through what one could only consider smoke and mirror content. Even the law of averages would say that about half or 40-50% would rate the book other than 5-star. In all of humankind's history -- I believe we would find nowhere a 99+% agreement on anything . . . much less on the viewpoints of one writer. What the annals of history do show, however, is that down through the ages, the majority opinion has always ultimately proven to have been incorrect.  In spite of this uncomplimentary review, if indeed any of the glowing 5-star ratings have resulted in a joyful life of zestful living and well being, and  TRUE, LASTING change -- Blessed Be. If not, even though the detours along the paths are many, and I have taken more of them than I can count, I believe that we can trust that our destination is one, that it is certain, and that the soul leads each of us to the path that is ours at exactly the right and perfect time.  Rarely do I write a book review and almost all are very positive. Sadly, in the case of this book that is not possible. As there is no rating of -3, I place it at a \\"1.\\"  [[ASIN:1577314808 The Power of Now: A Guide to Spiritual Enlightenment]]
B006PKQQJS|1.0|Bought the App but now I can't get it to install. Bought it two days ago and now the price has gone down. Does anyone have a solution?
B006QPVH6O|5.0|Really gave an authentic experience, made me feel like I was really part of the crew.  Really an awesome movie in it's own right.  Special effects, the suspense, and the soundtrack all blended together well.  No, it's not Aliens by any means, but that's not what it purported to be.  I'm now truely convinced we faked the moon landings.  But only the even numbered missions.  The odd numbered missions did go (except for that unfortunate Apollo 13 thing) and fight space hermit crabs.
0307593312|4.0|Great stuff! Typical of Murakami with many interesting tales being told at the same time.  Of course it tests the limits of your imagination, but that is what makes it fun. Story of a very fun cab ride!
B005MYEQ4U|1.0|I'm going to keep it and use it as punishment for the kids...\\"Eat your veggies or I'll make you watch Midnight in Paris again young man\\". I'll bet my kids will do anything to avoid that kind of boredom.
B004EPYZQC|5.0|It is another one and I like them all, they are what they say fast and always lots of action.
1933492929|5.0|This book went straight up near the top of my list of favorite art books. I'm an artist who's been having a go at drawing all sorts of creatures for most of my life, so I wasn't after an in-depth written explination of what's going on in the pictures, I just want to look at the art style and ability of someone who knows what she's doing. (This book has lots of pictures and very little text, just a short intorduction to each chapter and sketched notes.)  The Author/Artist's scientific knowledge of animal anotomy is way over my head, and is obvious in even the most bizarre of her creatures. There's a great mix of realistic and cartoon drawing styles, heaps of skelleton/muscle/fully-fleshed comparisons and colour paintings. There's plenty of everything. I love it.
B003Y5H5BK|4.0|The only exciting thing about this movie is seeing the hot actresses running around. I'd give 5/5 stars for that, less 1 star for the anti-climax. At the closing scene, I'm still left wondering if the aliens will ever be defeated. While it may be inferred that the aliens will meet their match sometime in the future, we've yet to see if the survivors will even make it safely to shore! I don't really like endings like this that leaves too much room for speculation.<br /><br />There isn't enough action or suspense in this movie, just a handful of humans running around, trying to hide, and figuring out how to outwit alien invaders.
1451627289|5.0|I feel like Stephen King gets a bad rap by a lot of readers for the assumption that he's nothing more than an overpaid horror writer who churns out books about telekenetic girls killing everyone at their prom, killer clowns hanging out in the sewer and rapid dogs. Okay, yes, and they wouldn't be wrong on any of those character counts. But there's something about this latest novel that I would recommend it to anyone no matter how snobby their taste. It's that good. You just have to give over to one magical caveat of the novel: That a mild mannered schoolteacher is shown by a dying friend a portal to go back fifty years in time. When you return to the present, no matter how long you've been gone, only two minutes have passed. What you do over there can obviously change the future. Finally, if you happen to go back again, everything resets, and you're right back in that same place fifty years ago. With me? Here's the kicker: He goes back to stop Lee Harvey Oswald from assassinating Kennedy. It's long, I'm not gonna lie, but man oh man is it good. Talk about imagination! Fans of King will be rewarded with a nod to said killer clown and the children of 'It'<br />I guarantee it's one of the most original plot lines you're bound to read, and one of my top three books this year. If you've never read him, give over and give this one a try.
B003UMW68O|5.0|We just love this movie and were so thrilled to have it come out on BluRay. It's one of our all time favorites to watch together as a family.
B004J4WKUQ|5.0|Great read, hard to put down.  Really took me back to my younger days....  Also, I was extremely impressed with all the details and arcana from the 80's....  Worth a read for that alone.
B0060V1WJ6|4.0|Steve Carrel is really starting to grow on me. In fairness to me, he's taking better roles. Of all his work so far, this one stretches him farthest as an actor...and he was equal to it.  All the cast meshed in this. It helped to have dialogue that made sense without sounding 'written' by someone else. As a writer myself, I appreciate a script that isn't predictable or cliche'. This one stood out.  Direction was paced well. Fast when it needed to be and slow when listening was important.  I cared about the characters. I cared about what happened to them. Essentially, it just sucked me in, which is what storytelling is supposed to do.  After renting it, we went out and bought a copy. It deserves to be viewed again.
B005WTR4ZI|4.0|This is really more of an essay than a complete book, but the price was right as an ebook. The authors get to their point and don't stick in a lot of filler.   The authors argue that the pace of change in computer technology is affecting the world economy in ways that are not fully appreciated or measured. They predict that the changes soon to come will greatly exceed what we have already seen.  These changes have made some people very wealthy while costing others their jobs and giving us all gadgets such as smart phones.
B004J4RQIM|4.0|This CD/Blu-ray combo is awesome! The picture and sound quality are superb, not to mention the various artists who gave great performances. I particularly love Charice who have that tremendous voice! Nice job David Foster! Can't wait for the 3rd edition of Hit Man.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I like this app because when I have to share my kindle. fire with my sisters that is fun enough that they don't do anything else.
0345505387|5.0|I really love downloading my books and always having them with me without have to worry about damaging the cover.
B0063IH60K|4.0|One of the best free apps.  Lot's of options to customize card backs and table background...classic fun for all ages.
0470901071|5.0|I recieved the book I order faster than I exected. The book also had the CD that I was hoping to use.
0385522401|3.0|Reading \\"On Chesil Beach\\" in a post sexual revolution world, this hilarious and sad little novella is mostly a meditation on sexual ignorance in 1960 England, and the consequent lack of communication that dooms a just married couple to a tragic honeymoon night, divorce and an implied lifetime of reflection on their failed relationship. It falters in its faint allusion to sexual abuse, which if true changes everything about the book and its theme, and then its too tidy ending that basically says all of this couple's problems could have been overcome with time and patience. It is hard to believe that time and patience could have solved their problem, particularly if sexual abuse is in the equation. The fact that sexual abuse is only slightly dangled to the reader makes it even more difficult to understand why this book was even written. It totally invalidates the ending, which is simplistic and silly in the context of sexual abuse.  \\"On Chesil Beach\\" is a talented writer's equivalent of a walk on the beach. I doubt McEwan barely broke a literary sweat writing it. Let's hope next time he works harder to write something with a more integrated theme that ties up every loose end and gives the reader a more profound insight into the human condition.
B0052UZIFA|1.0|As entertaining as this game is I certainly do not want to spent all that time doing the same things over again..  Never liked popcap should have saved my time and money.
B004MC8CA2|1.0|I downloaded app and was never able to read the Bible, or even sign in.  This app does not have all the options it offers and and would not even let me sign in after I signed up.  It's a fraud.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Easy to play and entertaining.  Games are quick when you only have a few minutes to play. I like the choice of card backs but wish there were more background options. The ads are annoying but go away with one tap.
B005KELQEU|5.0|I purchased the newest Kindle for my mother for Christmas, and because she always has grand-kids at her house, I thought it was important to provide her with a protective case to store her Kindle when she was not using it. This case is perfect! The case zips up all the way around, so there is no way the Kindle will slip out. The case has a significant amount of padding, and the Kindle fits perfectly, so even if it was dropped, there should be relatively little-to-no damage. Also, because the case is small and compact, my mother can slip it inside her purse to carry her Kindle with her when she is traveling - be it across the country or to the park. We are both very happy with this product.
B000HC2LI0|5.0|I ordered this series collector edition for my mom for Christmas and I was very pleased. Not only did I find it at a great price (almost $50 less than anywhere else) but it also came in 4 days...during the Christmas season!! I was amazed it got here so fast!! All in all a fabulous experience. And I have ordered many other things from Amazon and had fabulous results as well!
B001NLKT60|4.0|I really enjoyed reading this book. In fact, I actually liked it more than dragon tattoo which I also liked. I thought that the pace was much quicker and I don't think it was a long either. I thought the first book was about 300 pages too many so it did tend to drag a bit. However, I'm happy to say that the second book was a page-turner from start to finish. I understand why some of the reviews for this series are negative. Some of the subject matter can be a little difficult to stomach, for example the scenario with the 16 year old boy or the rape from book 1. It certainly was not a delightful experience to read certain chapters in this series so far, but it did not deter me from continuing to the end.<br /><br />If you like reading intense, gritty mysteries of the 21st century then you really should start reading these books. I found \\"the girl who played with fire\\" to be a riveting story from start to finish!!! Highly recommended!!
B005OOL1IC|1.0|If you are looking to receive a digital copy to watch on your iPad or iTunes like EVERY OTHER DIGITAL MOVIE you own, then think again. The only way to view digital copies with Warner Brothers new  \\"Ultraviolet\\", \\"Flixster\\" mess, is to download yet another app and view the movie through that app. It can't be imported to your iTunes library which for me = WORTHLESS DIGITAL COPY. Not to mention the fact that if you read about \\"Flixster\\" on Wikipedia, after you sign up for an account, the company automatically emails everyone in your address book to get them to sign up for Flixster. What a joke.  I will never buy a Ultraviolet Digital Copy again.  I'm all for competition but, I should still have the choice on which program I would like to use.  In my case, iTunes. I did after all purchase a movie that says \\"includes digital copy\\" so you would think I could watch it on whatever program I see fit.
B005EVVESM|5.0|If you like Maroon 5 then this is worth getting.  There is only two songs on it that I don't care for and even now they are growing on me!  GET IT :)
B0054R6BFM|5.0|As a parent of two teenagers, my daughter strongly encouraged me to read this book.  I realize that there is not much more to add as far as detailed reviews of this book goes, but I will just restate again:  This book is also recommended reading for parents, too.  Seriously...if your teen is asking you to read a book, you should be happy they are letting you in their world.  Read it!
B001P06GX4|5.0|this is a VERY easy game to learn and fun for 4 people (we've only played it with adults.) It plays relatively quickly and would be good for older children, teens, and adults. Wish we could get it in a travel version.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|This album sounds a hundred times better knowing that the artist is actually a politically-educated person.<br /><br />I like listening to this album while donating to Ron Paul.<br /><br />Ron Paul 2012.
0064430227|3.0|This is a wonderful story. I got this as a gift off a wish-list, and unfortunately it arrived with a deep crease in the paper cover on the bottom right corner.
B001EC3JME|5.0|I love this flashlight holder.  I carry this holder on my duty belt and it gets constant use.  I use it to hold a Fenix TK12 (awesome flashlight).  The flashlight is very secure and has never come out unintentionally.  I have been using it daily for about six months with no noticeable signs of wear.  I was able to fit a Fenix TK40 in it, but would not recommend using it for such a large flashlight.  To difficult to get the light in and out.  I bought a second one to hold a Fenix LD40.  It does not work great with oblong shaped handle of the LD40, but still very usable.  If it ever breaks I am definitely buying another one.  I have used several different holder and have found nothing that works better.
B005O30Y5Y|5.0|Great picture - very clear. Story is fantastic and true to the book. This is the final movie in the Harry Potter series.
B0010SKUYM|5.0|I felt as if the Author stared into the depths of my heart and took note of everything that I love - down to a mystery in my own backyard - and wrote a captivating novel that had me laughing and crying, often simutaniously.  Others may find this series simply fascinating, and it is. For me - it was more. Rothfuss harnessed the deep, hidden, heroic rumblings of the heart that are lost somewhere amungst life's responsibilities and brought them to the forefront of my mind once again. Like an 8 year old gobbling up his first L'amour novel I found myself full of adventure and boldness when reading about Kvothe. I'm not an author - I'm a 32 year old married father of four who wouldn't trade the world for the riches that I have in my wife and children. After finishing up the first two novels in this series - I am a much more adventurous dad, and a husband who was reminded that in me lies a hero who has the potential to impact those nearest to me in profound ways. My 3 year old boy likes to be called \\"dash the dangerous\\" and my wife is about to cut her teeth on her first fantasy novel because she saw her husband relate to a character in a book and it changed him in a very subtle but powerful way. Thank you Mr. Rothfuss - and come along with book three!
B0034G4P9E|4.0|I loved this movie b/c it portrays the \\"warrior\\" in a rather unique way. A math teacher, average Joe, down on his luck. His brother, who I thought was the \\"warrior\\" from previews is a Marine, brave, has a secret, and an awesome MMA fighter with alot of baggage, but he is quite redeemable...almost a Byronic hero. Then Paddy, the dad, Irish, past alcoholic that loves his sons, but , has a past w/ them that could destroy them all (not molestation). All in all ....I loved this movie, it is awesome, not as good as the iconic Rocky, but still entertaining.
B000TGCR3S|5.0|This story is about 2 youths growing up in a city that has somehow escaped the progress of civilization called Treasure Town named Black and White. They are 2 delinquents who survive by commiting crime and have no family. Obviously, the characters are opposites, but at the same time totally complementary, as each one has was the other one is lacking.   The basic premis of the story is a new Mob Gang is moving into town, and Black and White do what they can to stop it.  There are some \\"magical\\" elements to the movie, but presented so well that you wont question the realism, but you will just wonder where it comes from. The story does not give you tons of backstory for each character, but most viewers can fill in the blanks themselves, and it adds to the entire production in my opinion.   The movie has an aggressive feel to it, but also peaceful at the same time. I recomend it for a more mature cerebral viewer. Most teenie bopper anime crazed kids probably wont get it, or be able to appreciate the unique art style. With that said, you do not need to be an anime fan to enjoy this.  The one complaint I have is the final scene... its drawn out about 5 minutes too long. I know its the important, climatic moment but it kills the flow of the entire film. Outside of this, its perfect.   I only watched the English version, and felt all the actors did an exceptional job - especially with White.
B006G2NVCA|5.0|This is actually really good. It reminds of ghosts I-IV.. If you know what I mean. It's downtempo in every-way, Atmospheric, Sorta creepy. Not John Williams at all, but movies of this type usually arn't. It's great to put on an entertain. Not something to focus on, But be in the backround. I like it and I've heard everything he's ever done.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|I bought the album for your support of Ron Paul - I didn't know I'd like it so much. Great work! Keep it up!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I enjoy how u have to earn points for each game. even though they aren't too hard it still feels like an acheivement when u advance.
B0000797IO|4.0|A great film on a centuries-old topic: the boredom of small towns and the trouble people get into when they try to spice up their lives a bit by doing something radical -- like having an affair with a work-mate under the nose of their unsuspecting spouses.<br /><br />Justine (Jennifer Aniston) is a small-town department store clerk bored silly with her job and domestic life. She is married to the house painter Phil (John C. Reilly) who seems to be living in his own stoned-out world with his cynical buddy Bubba (Tim Blake Nelson).<br /><br />Into this picture enters the newly hired cashier Holden (Jake Gyllenhaal) who keeps his nose buried into J. D. Salinger's CATCHER IN THE RYE. Just like Justine, he also thinks life is not treating him fairly. Soon the two alienated characters get close to one another at lunch and coffee breaks and start a torrid affair. What Justine does not expect is the way Holden takes their affair a bit too seriously and starts to make demands that Justine cannot meet.<br /><br />Their relationship is eventually discovered by others in the small community, and different additional demands (including straight forward blackmail) start to pile up on Justine. At this point Justine is in a full panic mode.<br /><br />Just when you think the plot cannot get more convoluted, Justine realizes she is pregnant even though her husband is sterile. It's clear that she is carrying Holden's baby. What gives?<br /><br />At the end of the third act, the story resolves on a sweet note after one of the key players eliminate himself from the scene.<br /><br />In the end Justin learns her expensive moral lesson and life goes on just the same but with a deeper understanding of the gift that any status quo usually is. As Joni Mitchell says in her famous song: \\"You don't know what you've got 'till it's gone...\\"<br /><br />John C. Reilly is one of those much-neglected B-list actors that I like. If a movie has JCR in it, I go for it. Never been disappointed so far. That's why this film is no exception.<br /><br />Good entertainment with a gripping and suspenseful story line. Recommended.ping and suspenseful story line. Recommended.
B005FMZVLQ|4.0|Let me start by noting this is not really my taste.  There's no accounting for taste, so if this looks good to you, knock yourself out.  Also, if you're left handed, it's cool that there are great watches for you too.  I don't see that very often.  The stopwatch function is the first analog one I've ever found actually useful.  It's actually better than my digital stopwatch.  It's very easy to read precisely and it's very easy to use, and more importantly, it's actually very accurate.  The buttons are also responsive.  This isn't just a showy feature to help the watch look cool.  This stopwatch is designed and intended for serious use.  The watch is huge!  And thick!  I actually got used to wearing it within a few hours... it's substantial, but the leather band helps keep the weight on the sane side.  That band is not leather on the outside... some sort of cloth (and it's a durable cloth) but is soft leather on the inside.  Comfortable and durable.  The date function (it's that little spec of white by the 4) could be a little more obvious, but it's as easy to set up as you'd imagine and works fine.  I wore this watch while helping do a lot of home improvement over the holiday break and I banged it up.  To be honest, I figured this was a good watch to wear to sacrifice that way, to keep my other watch pretty.  Surprisingly, after whacking this about, getting it wet, even grinding it into drywall on accident, this watch looks *exactly* as good as it did when it came out of that ostentatious yellow gift box.  Bottom line: this watch won't let you down.  If this watch is your taste (it's not mine) then you have nothing else to worry about.  --- a final note: I don't know why they do that thing with the pricing where they claim the real price is many hundreds more than it always sells for.  That's silly.  But for the actual price, this bargain is hard to beat.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I've always enjoyed playing solitaire so when I got a Fire this was the first game I downloaded.  It works great.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Very easy to play on Kindle Fire! One touch is all you need to do.  Great at helping time pass when needed.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|great to be able to access evermore from my new kindle fire. cant figure out how to clip but still great!
B005ZUR724|1.0|what happened to the update I want to play its was all good and fun but then they go and screw it up
B00003CXSM|5.0|THE FILM IS DELIGHTFUL AND IT CAME PROMPTLY AS HOPED FOR.  YOUR SERVICE IS EXCEPTIONAL AND THANK YOU FOR MEETING ALL MY NEEDS AND EXPECTATIONS.  V. CHURCH
0801896940|5.0|This book did a great job of connecting subtle aspects of classical mechanics, calculus of variations, why tangent spaces are so cherished (also why group theory plays such an important role) etc., for me. Prof. Neuenschwander has focused on getting the philosophical message and beautiful imagery conveyed using appropriate examples while not getting lost in the examples or mathematical machinery. Thanks
0793518326|5.0|Great book!  All the songs I have tried are right on.  I bought this copy for my son, but I have had my copy for years.
B000OPPBEQ|5.0|Well, it's the matrix and it's one of the titles made that can utilize bluray to its full potential. As far as how well the discs work, haven't had a problem and they all work great!
B0063IH60K|5.0|As a free download,  this cannot be beat! highly recommended got everyone. cool time waster with good selection of options.
0307595579|4.0|the Millennium series is just purely awesome!! personally, i think it was a little dry at first, but then after the first 100 pages or so i couldn't help but dive into the story with the characters. the plot was so intricate that if you think about it, you'd notice a lot small details that seem at first unimportant but they actually link the threads together and make the story complete. the subtle way Larson planned the story and the the development of each character is just speechlessly exceptional. it's hard to imagine that any human being can actually create something so exquisite. so yeah, the plot and the story are extremely well-done and the writing is nothing less captivating than the story itself. the way Larson wrote it and how he put in different POV's and kind of switched between the different perspectives made the books much more sophisticated, intense, and mesmerizing.   however, there are things that i think sort of make the books less good. for example, the sexual aspects of the books sometimes seem unnecessary and way too graphic. maybe Larson did put those scenes in the books for a purpose, but personally i don't see why and i think some of those scenes should've been taken out. and it's obvious that he put his personal opinions about sex in the books as well, and he made marriage look like something that doesn't require a certain amount of serious consideration and well, something less than it is. like marriage is not important. it's just like a \\"status.\\" while i know everyone has different opinions on things like this, i think the way he put it is just going to raise the divorce rate and stuff, which is not that all good for our society to my opinion.   so yeah, basically i think everything except for some of the concepts are all great and very impressive!! recommend to people who don't mind sexual + violent content and those who like solving puzzles!!
B003XF1XOQ|2.0|What a disappointing ending to a great trilogy! Without giving away any spoilers, I'll just say that the final chapters do not show the same quality and attention to deail that underscores the rest of the series. It is as if the author had a tight deadline and simply gave up on quality in the name of completion. Too bad, too, since it has been many years since I've been so completely engrossed in a series.  Oh well, at least it was cheap!
B000OPPBEQ|5.0|Great video transfer to Blu-Ray and HD audio is excellent. Good purchase price and definitely worth owning if you are a fan of these movies. The concept of a reality that is completely computer-generated while your electro-chemical energy is siphoned off like a human battery is freakin awesome! The final battle with the machines in Zion is mind-blowing.
B0042RJWTC|4.0|This was recommended by a friend as I seldom do TV.  Wonderful and rich in detail.  The racy sex scenes are actually part of the character development. I would recommend this to history buffs as well as for sheer entertainment.
B0063IH60K|5.0|My daughter and I really enjoy this version of solitaire.  It's fun and easy to play together or just by yourself.
B006JPS1OM|5.0|its  very fun! perfect for anytime! especially for when you're just sitting at home with nothing to do. I deffinitly recommend it.
B005ORVMT2|5.0|I have read all the reviews that state there are problems with the Fly By Night CD from this set.. My wife got me this set for Yule, and the first disc I listened to was Fly By Night my copy sounds great, no problems, and I just ordered Sector 2, and as soon as I can Sector 3.. Will there be a Sector 4?? Anyway, I had forgotten over the years how great Rush is and these sets are helping to bring back the greatness for me.. Getty, Alex, and Neil are great together.. If you have ever been a Rush fan at all grab these sets.. NOW!!!  I have to say that I didn't order my sets 1 or 2 from Amazon and there are no problems with either set.. I have listened to both sets of CD's and the two DVD's and I am very impressed. These CD's have brought back many great memories for me as a Rush fan..
0307593312|5.0|This book is an interesting exercise in genre writing--a science fantasy thriller. I felt compelled to finish the book simply to discover the world 1Q84--a fantastical place strangely scary and sexy at the same time. The characters did seem to me more characteristics than characters--this is not objectionable though in genre writing. Sherlock Holmes and Alice are not particularly full characters. The characters did hold my interest and sympathy though. I highly recommend this wonderfully written book as a piece of genre fiction.<br /><br />It is not perfect on this level though, since Murakami has to resort to explanations to further his plot. Telling, not showing, is always a flaw in fiction. He even resorts to a deus ex machina figure (the Leader) half way through the novel to intervene and tie together loose ends.<br /><br />However, I assume Murakami has pretensions to more than just genre fiction and that his fan base looks to him for actual literature. Here things get a little stickier. This book doesn't seem to achieve the resonance with reality required from fiction--however, I don't know enough about post-WWII Japanese religious cults, Shintoism, Buddhism or Japanese folklore--or for that matter the Ainu--to know if the book might not have very deep resonances I have simply missed.<br /><br />Generally speaking I would recommend this book to a male lover of fantasy fiction. As a work of fantasy fiction, it is exceptional and wonderful. I would be leery of recommending it to a female, since the sex seems almost male chauvinistic, or to someone with an aversion to violence.
B0055SWM08|4.0|A very peaceful, yet mildly challenging puzzle whose levels are set within panes of stained glass that adorn the outward looking wondows on a coastal Maine home; complete with rain spattering from outside. Lovely &amp; relaxing. Won't be much replay here; however, I find it very zen-like to do so.
B005V20JKI|5.0|Absolutely wonderful game (despite its age) here is the original review I made when I was 11 (typos and all!):<br /><br />this is an awsome game it is soooooo amazing. Here is how to beat the boss. you need to dodge the fire balls and then let them hit the boss . anyways it is so cool you need to get it. it is very eddicting. you can become a lot of different people. it used to be 15 but now it is 16 because it has a yeti and more are coming. if you beat the boss then you become the prince after that I do not know what you become. so now you know how much fun this game is.
B004VMUS9G|5.0|I have had none of the problems others reported. my guess is they installed to an sd card.<br />I have 3 stored alarms and select whichever one I want to go off. The installed ring starts quietly and ramps up. just make sure you leave the volume set high before you leave it. I leave it asleep but plugged in to charge while I sleep.<br />As long as it keeps working I will invest in the paid version.
B005I6EU7U|5.0|I tried a cheap cover made by another manufacturer which held the Kindle Fire in place with some type of adhesive plastic. It worked for about two days, and then the adhesive started losing its grip. You get what you pay for, I guess. So I started looking through the covers again and decided on this one. It has a nice, leather retro book look and holds the Kindle Fire in very securely. It took an hour or so for the cover to lay flat, but no problems there. Just work it a bit with your hands. I do like the fact that it looks like a leather book cover, with nice stitching and an engraved design, feels very solidly constructed, but the thing I like the most about it is that it makes the Fire much more comfortable to handle when the cover is folded back. My fingers do not drift past the bezel of the Fire as much and accidentally register as an input, feels like holding a real book almost. Cost twice as much as my first cover purchase, but I would say I am twice as pleased as well. Buyer beware when it comes to cheap accessories. You do get what you pay for.
B004JK61K0|2.0|Was easy enough to set up my email accounts and compose an email, but once I finished writing the email there's no SEND button!  I've looked thru all the program settings, tapped everywhere on the screen, tried everything I can think of, and can find absolutely no way to actually SEND.  With so many positive reviews for this app, there must BE a way to do it.....so why can't I find it???
B0009HAHD4|4.0|My D3000 was missing this eyecup and the SD card cover was broken.  So I got this cup and the replacement door: Nikon Genuine SD Memory Card Door Cover For D40 D40X D60 D3000 D5000.  Now I'm good to go.  The only complaint I have is the cup shouldn't fall off so easily in the 1st place!  Plus the hard plastic of the viewfinder scratched my glasses ($800 bifocals!).  But I do love my camera.  All's well that ends well....
B0067Q42BY|4.0|Great game when you have time to kill ... more fun than regular Manning.  Highly recommended for all age groups.
1904994679|5.0|what you see is what you get  as you would expect this product to be and to do. My son loves it and it does keep his attention nicely while promoting reading!
B0063GORYU|4.0|This is a great game it works great. But when u start a new game an add pops up. But over all it is great!! :)
B001DHXT2A|4.0|Edward Norton did a credible job portraying the tormented scientist Bruce Banner.  His fugitive status of hiding out in a soda bottle factory in Brazil was well done.  Liv Tyler gave another stellar performance as Doctor Elizabeth Ross.  Her relationship with Leonard Samson quickly changed when Bruce Banner reentered her life serendipitously.  You have to feel for Leonard who sadly realizes that he has lost the girl of his dreams to her old love.    William Hurt gives a fine performance as General Thaddeus Ross who helped create the Hulk with his daughter Elizabeth and Banner.  Of course his character is presented as the bad military who want to use everything as a weapon.  The General does show some compassion here and there.  Perhaps, the best performance is by Tim Roth as Emil Blonsky, the tough as nails Special Forces commando, who is driven by the ultimate desire to be the super soldier. Unfortunately, with the help of the General and Dr. Samuel Sterns, played brilliantly by Tim Blake Nelson, Blonsky becomes the ultimate weapon.  Lou Ferrigno, the original Hulk from the television series, has a cameo.  The late Bill Bixby, who played Bruce Banner from the television series, is briefly shown as well on a television set playing in the background.  The special effects are excellent.  The tragic elements of romance between Elizabeth and Bruce are well done.  The story by Zak Penn takes some liberties from the comic books and television show, but it is a compelling story.  In addition he wrote the story for the Avengers movie which is due out in the Summer of 2012.  Unfortunately, Edward Norton will not reprise his role in The Avengers.  Mark Ruffalo will play the tormented scientist who is brought into the S.H.I.E.L.D. fold to help save the earth.    In addition I chose not to compare this film to the previous 2003 film. The only complaint is that the digital copy was not in the case.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is SOOO fun its great for when you have nothing to do...and I'm addicted! its fun..make more apps!!!! (:
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Kelly Clarkson has the voice of an angel, the intelligence to see whats going on, and the guts to speak up!
B0058VW36U|5.0|I really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really like nachos! P.S this wasted your time.
B005DOKIYG|5.0|Very Satisfied with this purchase.  Item fits perfectly around the Kindle and adds extra protection.  Shade of blue is nice.
B0014I4KH6|5.0|Taylor has a unique gift of writing.  Her songs are easy to sing to and makes sense.  Every song is a great song.  I love this cd.  I love Taylor.
0307593312|4.0|There are many diverse views on the book here on amazon. Personally, I almost loved it. I will not describe anything related to the plot. This review is mainly for me to endorse the book with four stars.<br /><br />Some various comments:<br />- I liked many formulations in the text so that indicates a pretty skilled translation.<br />- Some reviewers have complained that sex scenes are described at all or in a pubertal male way. Let's just face facts by noting that Japan has a much more open view on sex than the US. Calling the scenes adolescent is ridiculous. Men are interested in young women even if they are old.<br />- I didn't find this book to be a total page-turner, but pretty close. I would say that the first 70% of the book is a page turner. Then the book slows down, but picks up towards the end. So I agree with the reviewers who consider the book too long, but somehow the story was still too interesting to stop reading.<br />- The UK edition of the book is much nicer than the US edition. Content is the same, but the UK edition has a very sturdy binding and not the flimsy dust cover made of parchment paper.
B0063GORYU|4.0|basic game. But I find myself playing at times when I have nothing better to do.  worth the download if you like spider solitaire
B005KP7EK4|4.0|Just a good, entertaining movie. Good story and well-acted. Also, the cinema photography was excellent and the natural beauty of Bolivia was amazing.
B005K0HDGE|3.0|I couldn't wait to read this book; the premise was fascinating! You get a little bit of everything with this book. . A little bit of suspense, a little bit of science fiction, of romance, of page turning anticipation, and unfortunately a little bit of fluff and disappointment. The ending was very anticlimactic and empty. Too much leading up to the event, then not enough after. It was just \\"okay\\" for me, Constant Reader.
0140120416|5.0|I bought several other books before I found this one.  With this you can actually learn basic Russian on your own, without having to consult a Russian speaker for clarification.
B000SO7OM0|5.0|Bought this for a friend. She LOVES it like I do!!!!!!  The concert at Alhambra castle with the music is simply magical! I must go see the place in person some day!!  Quality product with fast shipment.
B006BDHAX0|2.0|Game crashes everytime. Cant even get through first level.  Using a Vizio Android Tablet. Seems like a good game while it is working.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Love playing this game. Random deals are spot on in regards to game difficulty and overall playability. Would highly recommend.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Easy to play, love that you can make all moves by tapping rather than dragging! Solitaire is my favorite way to kill a few minutes, though it can really suck you in for &quot;just one more game...&quot; Did I mention that it is free?
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I have Essential Tremor and turning pages in my Bible has gotten too hard. I have this app on my phone and Kindle Fire. Easy to use, carry it everywhere, was able to chose my &quot;translation&quot;, and plenty of cool settings (like text to speech) and reading plans. I put it on my son's phone, mom's phone, and all my nieces' ipods. I suggest it for everyone!
B0025UHKNS|5.0|I was after simple features.  I wanted to know how far I have ridden my bicycle or walked, how many calories I burned and most importantly what my pulse rate is while I am exercising.  I know this does more and as I use it more I might use the other features.  I really like the product.
B003Y5H5AQ|5.0|Purchased item as XMAS gift for daughters.  They love the movie.  The Christmas extra is an added bonus. Price was very good.
B004V6MWFU|5.0|I could listen between this CD and Into the Wild- both solo E. Vedder works, almost daily. Have loved Vedder and Pearl Jam since the beginning,and this is a mellow reminder of the greatness therein.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This classical game is fun with ours of intertament.  I enjoy playing the game when home . This is an outstanding free app for the kindle fire. I have played this game hundreds of times on my kindle without any problems.
B0063IH60K|5.0|less ads would be nice. winning hand is a nice feature.  be nice if u could change the cards. for free its great.
B005K0HDGE|5.0|As a lifelong Stephen King fan, I can honestly say this is one of his best books to date. I highly recommend it. I can't wait for the movie.[[ASIN:B004Q7CIFI 11/22/63]]
B005MYEQ4U|5.0|After an artistic and commercial surge that lasted from 1969's 'Take the Money And Run' through 1987's 'Radio Days,' Woody Allen's creative powers began to noticeably flag in the late 1980s. His comic films seemed repetitive and were no longer very funny, his dramas were murky and superficial, his productions began to look shabby (1993's thread-worn 'Manhattan Murder Mystery' being a good example) and, where Allen once commanded the finest acting talent the industry had to offer, his films began to be populated with second- and third-tier performers.<br /><br />The Mia Farrow/Soon-Yi Previn scandal, which broke in the early 1990s, further alienated the general public, and, with the commercial failure of his projects, Allen began having trouble finding financing for his films.<br /><br />Still, when Allen, who had rarely made a film outside of New York City, decamped to London to make 2005's critically and commercially successful crime drama 'Match Point,' New Yorkers were aghast, since they appeared to be losing their city's greatest ambassador. But Allen went on to celebrate the city of London in the mediocre 'Scoop' (2006) and both the underrated drama 'Cassandra's Dream' and the equally underrated comedic 'You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger' (2007 and 2010, respectively).<br /><br />In between, Allen stopped over in Barcelona to film the internationally acclaimed comedy 'Vicki Cristina Barcelona,' a film which, as 'Match Point' had done for London, did for the Spanish city what Allen had done for New York City decades ago in 1979's 'Manhattan,' still one of the jewels in the crown of his career.<br /><br />How wonderful for Allen, and for movie-lovers everywhere, that Allen, at present in his 70s, has now done the same thing for the French capitol with 2011's 'Midnight in Paris,' which, among things, is the first authentically warm film Allen has ever made.<br /><br />There have been moments of human warmth in earlier Allen films (the poignant conclusion of 'Manhattan,' some of the scenes between Cecilia and Tom Baxter in 1985's 'The Purple Rose of Cairo,' or those between Eliot and Lee, or Mickey and Holly in 1986's 'Hannah & Her Sisters'), but 'human warmth,' as such, has never been very high on the list of subjects Allen has chosen to explore, despite his obvious romanticism.<br /><br />The literally magical 'Midnight in Paris' has a very simple plot, a fact which works in the film's favor throughout: Gil Pender (Owen Wilson), a successful Hollywood screenwriter who would actually prefer to be a successful novelist of literary merit, is visiting Paris with his beautiful but shrewish fianc&eacute;, Inez (Rachel McAdams), and her wealthy, conservative, and materialistic parents. Enchanted by his knowledge of Parisian history and the Parisian streets themselves, Gil makes excuses and breaks away from Inez and her entourage.<br /><br />Unable to find his hotel as midnight approaches, the slightly drunken Gil is picked up by a mysterious vintage automobile of boisterous bon vivants; before long, he finds himself drinking, dancing and conversing with F. Scott and Zleda Fitzgerald, Cole Porter, Ernest Hemingway (Corey Stoll, who steals the film with a dynamic and subtle performance), Gertrude Stein (a not very believable Kathy Bates), Djuna Barnes, Pablo Picasso, Salvador Dali (a hilarious Adrien Brody), and other literary and artistic legends in the distant Paris of the 1920s, a 'dream period' in which Gil imagines life would have been full of meaning, beauty, purpose, and endless, but realizable,  potential.<br /><br />Finding himself cast adrift in the present again the following morning, Gil attempts to recreate and share his secret with Inez on the next evening, but vulgar and petulant Inez, bored with waiting, leaves before midnight, the magic hour in which the car appears to escort Gil into the past. In his nightly revels in 1920s Paris, Gil eventually falls in love with Picasso's mistress, Adrianna (a gently stunning Marion Cotillard), a woman who is as lovely in spirit as she is in person. Much to his surprise, however, Gil finds that Adrianna cares little for her own era and instead romanticizes turn of the century Paris---the Belle &Eacute;poque.<br /><br />Unable to explain his preoccupied mental state or his midnight wanderings to Inez or her family, Gil, who thinks Paris looks best in the rain, takes again to the daylight Parisian streets, where he encounters young antiques dealer Gabrielle (L&eacute;a Seydoux) and strikes up a promising acquaintanceship, though Adrianna and the 1920s continue to haunt and lure him on.<br /><br />Stunningly photographed by Darius Khondji, 'Midnight in Paris' not only ends warmly and happily, but the film is full of life, dimension, and figurative color to a degree never attempted in an Allen film.<br /><br />Though Inez and her family, as types, have appeared recently in other Allen films, they are in no way the focus of the film: they are present merely to show what Gil has to fully realize and reject before he can move on with his life in a truly satisfactory manner. The script makes some rather lowly and cumbersome digs at the Republican party and the Tea Party movement, but the remarks, which flow from Gil's mouth, feel so tacked on and superfluous that they are easy to overlook.<br /><br />Warm in tone and color, beautiful to look at, wonderfully written and acted (Owen Wilson is by far the best 'Woody Allen stand-in' since John Cusack), and powerfully scored and edited, 'Midnight in Paris' stands alongside 'Love & Death' (1975), 'Annie Hall' (1977), 'Interiors' (1978), 'Manhattan,' 'Stardust Memories' (1980), the underrated 'A Midsummer's Night Sex Comedy' (1982), 'Broadway Danny Rose' (1984), 'The Purple Rose of Cairo,' 'Hannah & Her Sisters,' 'Bullets Over Broadway' (1994), 'Match Point,' and 'Vicki Cristina Barcelona' as one of Allen's most creatively successful, joyous, and visionary films.<br /><br />More than midway through the film, Allen has Gertrude Stein telling Gil that the artist's job is to provide meaning in a meaningless world, something 'Midnight In Paris' itself does in poignant and touching fashion.otillard), a woman who is as lovely in spirit as she is in person. Much to his surprise, however, Gil finds that Adrianna cares little for her own era and instead romanticizes turn of the century Paris---the Belle poque.<br /><br />Unable to explain his preoccupied mental state or his midnight wanderings to Inez or her family, Gil, who thinks Paris looks best in the rain, takes again to the daylight Parisian streets, where he encounters young antiques dealer Gabrielle (La Seydoux) and strikes up a promising acquaintanceship, though Adrianna and the 1920s continue to haunt and lure him on.<br /><br />Stunningly photographed by Darius Khondji, 'Midnight in Paris' not only ends warmly and happily, but the film is full of life, dimension, and figurative color to a degree never attempted in an Allen film.<br /><br />Though Inez and her family, as types, have appeared recently in other Allen films, they are in no way the focus of the film: they are present merely to show what Gil has to fully realize and reject before he can move on with his life in a truly satisfactory manner. The script makes some rather lowly and cumbersome digs at the Republican party and the Tea Party movement, but the remarks, which flow from Gil's mouth, feel so tacked on and superfluous that they are easy to overlook.<br /><br />Warm in tone and color, beautiful to look at, wonderfully written and acted (Owen Wilson is by far the best 'Woody Allen stand-in' since John Cusack), and powerfully scored and edited, 'Midnight in Paris' stands alongside 'Love & Death' (1975), 'Annie Hall' (1977), 'Interiors' (1978), 'Manhattan,' 'Stardust Memories' (1980), the underrated 'A Midsummer's Night Sex Comedy' (1982), 'Broadway Danny Rose' (1984), 'The Purple Rose of Cairo,' 'Hannah & Her Sisters,' 'Bullets Over Broadway' (1994), 'Match Point,' and 'Vicki Cristina Barcelona' as one of Allen's most creatively successful, joyous, and visionary films.<br /><br />More than midway through the film, Allen has Gertrude Stein telling Gil that the artist's job is to provide meaning in a meaningless world, something 'Midnight In Paris' itself does in poignant and touching fashion.
B004SBB0LU|5.0|I bought this for my husband for Christmas, he LOVES them!  There are so many songs we've never heard, and of course the ones we know and love. Very happy with this purchase.
B0028OF7TA|5.0|All his greatest hits!! Love this. What a talented man. There all full songs, and I didn't realize he had so many great hits!!!!
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|I have been a long time fan of Kellys and am very glad to have supported her on idol and by purchasing her other CD's! Compared to her other CDs, this is possible her greatest yet. She is an absolute great artist, and will be known as a legend of an artist in her time long after she is gone. God bless you Kelly!!!
B000PMLFRA|1.0|I'm going to keep my review short. What George Lucas has done to these original films is shameful. For me, it's like Claude Monet going back to one of his original, innovative, beautiful paintings and adding is some junk that shouldn't be there. Another analogy I like to use is David Gilmour, guitarist from Pink Floyd, going back to \\"Wish You Were Here\\" and adding in guitar parts that never existed in the original recording.<br /><br />The fact that Lucas would even allow CGI to be inserted into the original films is completely moronic and uncalled for. What he's done is he's thrown all of the hard work the production staff, costume designers, set designers, etc. have done down the toilet. I can't imagine what these people who worked on these films thought of their work after seeing these butchered versions. Lucas should have learned his lesson by now. You don't tamper with the movies that made your name and brought you millions of dollars. It's as simple as that.<br /><br />Lucas, if you have any shred of sympathy in your body, then release the original theatrical versions of these films. Nobody cares what you think of the films now or what direction you think they should go in. Leave your art alone!!!
B005O64VH8|5.0|As Hymn to Hope is one of my all time favorite Secret Garden tunes, I couldn't wait to put Winter Poem on my Christmas list for hubby to buy. I was NOT disappointed.  Unlike some, I see Winter Poem as a return to the creative joy that I felt at the beginning of listening to Secret Garden. I would have bought this CD simply for 'Mary's Lament'. The beauty of the tune and lyrics create a powerful song that explains the reason for Christmas to me. Yes, it is very much a Christian song, but rather than 'preachy' it simply states the true reason for this season with its beautiful lyrics by Brendan Graham. The combination of lyric to melody is a representation of light and dark that should resonate with  even to those with other beliefs just as 'Powered by Nature' speaks to those who may not represent themselves as New Age. You don't have to agree with a sentiment to acknowledge the creative genius that goes into making it. In Winter Poem I hear and see the Irish leaving their home in The Dream while kicking up their heels to Finonnulala's Cookie Jar. And as always we have some of the gentle songs like Song For A New Beginning that leave me with the promise that no matter how dark my world, hope will eventually emerge.  This is a perfect musical card to winter. Curl up on your couch with a good book and let the music transport you as the cold and snow rage. You won't be disappointed. Secret Garden and its artists again reward us with a musical card and sense of renewal that will touch body and spirit.
B0052VUNHC|5.0|Travis, quite simply, is one of the most interesting and honest characters I've read in a long time.  Ask yourself...what would happen if a hero of old, say 300 years ago, was suddenly stuck in the 21st century?  Seventeeth century values and mindset, 21st century rules and societal expectations.  That's Travis.  He's aggressive, protective, quick to fight and unapologetic.  He's a young, truly 'alpha' male in a modern society that doesn't quite know what to do with these guys anymore.  They can't go out on the battlefield and lop off heads with a broadsword.  They don't fit in.  So, what does he do?  He brawls in bars.  He fights.  He obsesses over the woman he loves and is always watching over his shoulders for another attack.  This book is not your typical doe-eyed happily ever after.  Abby and Travis are both young,unique, and somewhat messed up.  But they love each other, deeply, and figure out a way to work it out.  The whole story was intense.  I read it in one day.  It was a train wreck, a 'Beautiful Disaster' that I couldn't turn away from.  I loved this book.  I loved it.  But love it, or hate it, you will want to talk to someone about it.  Most unique love story I've read in a long, long time.  I hope she writes stories for Travis's brothers!
B005FITIGO|3.0|Don`t be fooled by the reviews -- this is a good film about the 2008 Wall Street crash, not a great one. The main challenge for the director is that he has to keep us engaged even though much of the audience will surely delight in watching a bunch of greedy financial operators try desperately to avoid a meltdown of their firm which was caused by their love of money and disregard for the risks. The problem here is that none of the characters are particularly likeable or so horrifically over-the-top as to be mesmerising. Instead we have a mixture of innocent youth combined with clapped out bosses with a few cynical high-level people flitting through the action. The movie starts strongly -- a young analyst discovers the firm is about to go bankrupt, sparking a series of panicked meetings through the night -- and speeds towards the tipping point. Are the bosses going to take a risk by keeping some very risky assets on board, or are they going to get rid of them in a fire sale, even though this will wreck the firm`s reputation? Without giving too much away, we don`t really care, since we have so little invested in the actors we`re watching. Kevin Spacey does what he can with a script which portrays him as a good-hearted almost honest boss with a weak character and a need for money, yet it isn`t enough. Jeremy Irons half convinces as the chairman, a cynical old Brit who doesn`t give two figs for tradition or what`s right. At the end he and Spacey have an unconvincing discussion about the nature of markets and how even if you started from scratch, the losers and winners would quickly rise to prominence. It doesn`t feel realistic and helps produce a very flat ending. This movie needs more engaging characters.
B004FGMDOQ|4.0|This book was one that I discovered by chance. With my two kindles, I've been a big reader for years now and I am always looking for new titles.  I really enjoyed Ransom Riggs' novel. Some parts were a bit dry, and I felt that deux ex machina was used in the end. Besides the ending, I thought it was a charming science-fiction read.
B004LWZW4M|3.0|This is an intermittently amusing yet rather incoherent prequel to the original 1968 Planet of the Apes movie, which you have to see first. There are so many references to the Charlton Heston version that your enjoyment of this film will be seriously affected if you don't recognise them.     The plot, as far as it exists, focuses on a super intelligent chimp baby that the scientist hero of the film adopts. He's been experimenting on chimps to see whether a new drug can help reverse the effect of Alzheimer's. As time goes by the chimp (called Caesar) grows up into an unruly animal and eventually finds himself locked away in a nasty primate camp.     The movie is marred by stupendously inept characterisation. I saw it 12 hours ago and can't remember the name of the hero. It doesn't really matter, since he and his chimp-loving girlfriend are mere props. The hero works for a nasty boss who is determined to press ahead with the development of the drug -- tested on innocent defenceless chimps, naturally enough -- despite evidence it might harm humans. Boo to the evil one-dimensional boss!     Without giving too much of the plot away, I can reveal that Caesar quickly knocks sense into the rest of the apes in the sanctuary and helps them escape, whereupon they wreak havoc in downtown San Francisco before trying to flee over the Golden Gate Bridge to the famed redwood forests. Blocking their way are hundreds of armed police, just waiting to shoot down the pesky simian escapees. I won't give any more away, save to say it all ends in cliche.     The special effects are great and Andy Serkis walks away with the movie. If only they'd put half as much effort into the script.
B005OCFGTO|5.0|The package was set to deliver after the 28th of Dec. and that was disappointing... it was going to be a Christmas gift for my son.  I was surprised when I got an email the next day saying the movies would arrive the 22nd.  The movies arrived on the 20th of December, Wow!  Thank you so much for you for the quick shipment,the movies were in perfect condition.
B004JZBGWI|5.0|I really hope this I really fun to use on the kindle fire and it is going rock out the house.
B005W3G2D4|5.0|I have been a Kelly Clarkson fan for many years, however this is the first album I have purchased of hers. I am doing so to show my appreciation of her support for Ron Paul. I am hopeful that her continued support will allow other artists to show their support as well! RON PAUL 2012!
B006RUJST6|5.0|The first book I've read in a long time and I thoroughly enjoyed it. I think this writer has a promising future -- I look forward to reading more of her work.
B000L212HC|5.0|Ever since this movie came out, I've been in love with it.  I received the DVD as a gift as soon as it came out.  After leaving for college, my family was disappointed I took the DVD with me.  After two and a half years of pleading, I finally bought them their own copy on Blu-ray.  Excellent quality in picture and sound, and the special features are informative and well made.
B0025UHKNS|2.0|Sorry but had to return this item. The whole touch functionality of this watch is such a gimmick. Prefer something much more reliable, having buttons is a better alternative for navigation.. I'll either buy the forerunner 310xt or wait for the 910xt to come out.
0743243153|5.0|This is perhaps one of the best books I've ever read in this genre, although Peck seems to create his own niche, and perfectly.  I have read this numerous times since its publication and have learned something new every time.  No need for a literal review of the book, there are many here, but I do want to be counted as a fan.   I still remember the first time I read this.  I was coming out of a very difficult situation.  Everyone had advice for me.  Nothing made sense.  One person suggested I read this and I did.  I was completely changed by Peck's discussion of original sin (for those of us lapsed Catholics life can be difficult to cope with when the Church is hounding you along with family) and his explanation of love being an action.  Perhaps for a more modern generation, with all that is available in the market, there is a belief that self-help books are silly and pointless and even self-indulgent.  The Road Less Traveled, and Peck himself, rise above anything trivial and trendy.  This is a soul changing and life affirming read and sales and statistics proove that.  The best proof is in the read and in Peck's exemplary life.
B000HEWEJO|5.0|I`m 77 years old. I`ve seen this movie many many  times in my life. I`ts  a clean movie, a very good movie  for a good  moral example and a hopeful life ahead.  I bought this dvd to give to my son so he could show it to his family as a good example to live by.
B005K2XM94|5.0|I got this sleeve for my husband's Fire. It is a perfect fit for it!! It is just thick enough to protect his \\"toy\\" and not to the point where it is too bulky or odd. It is slightly larger than the Amazon Fire, and the velcro on it is strong and durable, to coincide with the case itself being strong and durable itself. We would highly recommend this to anyone.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|A Ron Paul supporter here :0) I always thought Kelly Clarkson was a country singer. LOL Glad I checked out your facebook page and listened to your songs. Love \\"Stronger\\"!
B0063IH60K|5.0|easy and fun to play. nice options. not too many ads. quick download. it is solitaire at its simplest and enjoyable.
B001FD5KJM|5.0|I personally am not a superhero comic book reader, nor am I really a fan of the genre.  This movie changed my perspective on all of that.  I had been skeptical of even watching this particular film.  Before this movie I honestly didn't find Robert Downey Jr. to be a compelling actor.  Boy was I wrong.  Downey is spectacular as Tony Stark and has proved to me to be a very capable iconic character actor. (His portrayal of Holmes was great too but that's another review).  He's funny, snarky, flawed, and not the traditional hero that we are all so used to, which made me root for him even more.  He makes us love Tony despite the fact that the character's demeanor is meant to not be liked.  The graphics are great, the story is strong, and kudos for Gwen Paltrow. Her role as Pepper Potts is also nontraditional.  She's not the damsel in distress we're all use to, and is the perfect opposite for Downey's role. This is a refreshing new take of a superhero story and has thrown me head first into the whole Marvel universe as a new fan. Strong Cast and just a fun movie to watch.  Highly suggested for everyone, even the non superhero types out there.
B0063IH60K|4.0|Enjoy playing solitaire while you are waiting to pick up your kids from school. It is quick and easy to play. I like the feature that allows you to play your hand over and over again.
B0040Z9H5K|5.0|Sure it's not an academy award movie or it's not something of pure intellectual value, but Iron Man 2 proves to be a great pop corn flick to enjoy with the whole family.  Robert Downey Jr. owns the role of Tony Stark.  The supporting cast, and even Sam Jackson's portrayal of Nick Fury is very entertaining and works together well.  I personally found the 2nd installment of the Iron Man series to be more fun than the first, which is what these movies are all about.  It's about kicking back and enjoying a story that takes you out of the grips of reality into possibilities unknown.  Highly suggested.
B006C1DH92|5.0|This is the first Fruit Ninja game I've played. I have heard of the game before, and have seen versions available for other devices, but never thought they would appeal to me. However, I have a new Kindle Fire and have been using Amazon's daily free app to try new things-and this game is a winner! It is challenging and addictive, and I've been enjoying playing quite a bit.<br /><br />There are two types of games--one is a sort of free for all of falling fruit that you need to cut without slicing a bomb until your lives run out. This is more difficult than it seems! The other game is multiple levels, with four different challenges. You receive points based on how well you play. You have only three lives to get through all the levels, and if you run out of lives, you start over.<br /><br />As you earn points, you unlock new backgrounds and cutting swords, which keeps things interesting as you can try out different devices. I haven't completed the game yet, as I am trying not to rush through it. This is probably the most enjoyable game I've found since Plants versus Zombies, and if I had known how much fun Fruit Ninja: Puss in Boots would be, I would gladly have paid for it.
1439192812|5.0|\\"The Magic of Reality\\" is very well written, and it is wonderfully illustrated.  Anyone should find this book a joy to read.  This book should be made a part of our education system, and should be required reading for all High School students.
B00141HPBQ|5.0|I was very surprised when the book arrived. For a 70 year old book it is in good condition. Thank! My husband loved ie.
B004499LWQ|4.0|We didn't finish the movie; more explicit sexual content that we wanted.  Select the audience carefully to view the film.
B001HN690O|5.0|I loved the first movie, the second did not come up short on AWESOMENESS.  Jack Black mimics my own speech patterns with precision!  Only those who are awesome can truly understand how not being special can be the most special thing ever, then use it to kick a Peacock in the butt!
B006BDHAX0|1.0|this app is compatible with my phone but still continues to not download. It is stuck in my notification bar and again continues to do nothing. Think twice before installing this bogus app.
B005IGDW24|2.0|The movie itself is what it should be, no problem with the Blu-ray or DVD media, and the kiddies love it so my own opinion of the movie itself is only slightly relevant.<br /><br />Instead I'm going to rip into Sony over the way they've implemented their version of Ultra Violet digital copy.<br /><br />I'm no stranger to Ultra Violet digital copy.  My first experience with it was Universals version which was really cool, it gave me an Amazon download along with other cool stuff when I bought [[ASIN:B004EPYZSU Cowboys & Aliens (Blu-ray+DVD+Digital Copy in Blu-ray Packaging)]].  It was mostly smooth, some confusion since it was my first experience with it, but overall it was a positive experience.<br /><br />Not with Sony.<br /><br />First of all I found a code inside the Blu-Ray box that gave me Sony points, but every time I tried to create an account for the Ultra Violet copy (with Ultra Violet you have to create an account with each studio separately) I kept getting this error message:<br /><br />An Error Was Encountered<br /><br />A system error occurred. Please try again later or contact customer support. (848ecb5f-912f-43d2-a2dc-b06bad3b837b)<br /><br />I figured hey, it's Christmas, the servers are overloaded due to an influx of Christmas time registration and no one is around to fix the issue, so give the admins a break.<br /><br />I tried registering several times a day for the next several days.  Always the same error, even on Tuesday, I figured they should have it fixed by then.<br /><br />So then I have a hunch, I start up my Windows XP virtual machine and try to create an account.  It works.  Instead of saying \\"Go away Linux hippie!\\"  They say (848ecb5f-912f-43d2-a2dc-b06bad3b837b).<br /><br />That's not cool.<br /><br />I get the account created.  Turns out the code from INSIDE the box doesn't work for the movie.  I do some searching online, I find more than one account of someone throwing it away, turns out it was on a sticker ON THE CELLOPHANE. The very sticker you could pull off in the store with no one noticing and the movie would still be sealed.  My cellophane and sticker were thrown away in a bag full of snotty tissue days before.  I could have figured it out and rescued it had I gotten a more descriptive error message than (848ecb5f-912f-43d2-a2dc-b06bad3b837b).  After reading my account of what happened one of my friends said his wife threw their code away also.  Really, who's idea was it to put the number OUTSIDE the packaging?<br /><br />I emailed Sony the full story I have detailed above, and they were kind enough to give me a new number.  Using my virtual Windows XP machine I was able to register the movie.  I hit download but it insisted I install Silverlight.  I really don't like installing even more security hazards onto an already security hole riddled OS, especially when it's Sony asking me to do it who never did admit wrong doing in the whole root-kit fiasco, even though they're paying the fine for it.<br /><br />So, I have the Ultra Violet copy working on my emulated Windows machine.  I decide to get fancy with it, I go back to a browser running on my native Linux OS, I log into the Ultra Violet site, I see my movies from other studios, click on them, they work.  I click on the Smurfs, it sends me to the Sony website and it gives me another long horrendous string of numbers.<br /><br />I tried playing with browser user agent strings.  Instead of working or giving me numbers it gives me a blank screen when I pretend to be IE, when I use Firefox but tell it I'm using the Windows version it lets me attempt to log in, but it still errors out.<br /><br />When they say you had better pay your taxes unto Lord Microsoft to watch a Sony movie they mean it.<br /><br />Universal has a far superior implementation of Ultra Violet, as it stands the Sony version only works if you're an MS sheeple, or possibly if you own a PS3.y sticker you could pull off in the store with no one noticing and the movie would still be sealed.  My cellophane and sticker were thrown away in a bag full of snotty tissue days before.  I could have figured it out and rescued it had I gotten a more descriptive error message than (848ecb5f-912f-43d2-a2dc-b06bad3b837b).  After reading my account of what happened one of my friends said his wife threw their code away also.  Really, who's idea was it to put the number OUTSIDE the packaging?<br /><br />I emailed Sony the full story I have detailed above, and they were kind enough to give me a new number.  Using my virtual Windows XP machine I was able to register the movie.  I hit download but it insisted I install Silverlight.  I really don't like installing even more security hazards onto an already security hole riddled OS, especially when it's Sony asking me to do it who never did admit wrong doing in the whole root-kit fiasco, even though they're paying the fine for it.<br /><br />So, I have the Ultra Violet copy working on my emulated Windows machine.  I decide to get fancy with it, I go back to a browser running on my native Linux OS, I log into the Ultra Violet site, I see my movies from other studios, click on them, they work.  I click on the Smurfs, it sends me to the Sony website and it gives me another long horrendous string of numbers.<br /><br />I tried playing with browser user agent strings.  Instead of working or giving me numbers it gives me a blank screen when I pretend to be IE, when I use Firefox but tell it I'm using the Windows version it lets me attempt to log in, but it still errors out.<br /><br />When they say you had better pay your taxes unto Lord Microsoft to watch a Sony movie they mean it.<br /><br />Universal has a far superior implementation of Ultra Violet, as it stands the Sony version only works if you're an MS sheeple, or possibly if you own a PS3.
B006BDHAX0|4.0|I have not had problems with the forced close as of yet, I just played 7 levels in a row with no problems. The music is OK, not too annoying, I like being able to change the backgrounds. I deducted one star because, for me, it is difficult to tell the difference between the ''seasons'' and the ''plants'' tiles, I just keep trying to make matches till something takes! Would be nice to have those two sets in different colors or something for those of us who don't speak the language - even a short tutorial that shows 'this goes with that' would be helpful. Thanks Amazon, for this FAOTD!
0553801473|1.0|I struggled through books 4 and 5 somehow, each one getting worse and worse, only to discover the stories do not end. I knew there were 5 books in the series, so I expected some conclusion. Sadly, none to be found. The level of writing and story telling kept getting lower and lower. In short, just don't bother! The Kindle facts that book 5 is even more expensive ($14.99) and these books cannot be lent just add to the misery.
0446573019|3.0|...that Jason Bourne, Mitch Rapp, Jack Reacher, John Wells, Scot Harvath and other fictional 'super' action guys make money. So Baldacci has conjured up John Puller who is a decorated warrior and uncannily gifted military investigator. For some back story color, we find out his Father is a legendary leader in the US military and his Air Force brother is serving a life sentence for treason. The problem is John himself is just a bit too flawless which takes away from an interesting but ultimately unsatisfying mystery. But there is an entertainment here especially if you are fond of the genre and/or accept it as a thinly veiled comic book. I think all the aforementioned heroes would work well in graphic novel treatments because their outings are not deep but they can be fun.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I don't understand how people are getting scores of 50,000+ But I really like the game.  It works really slick.  I would pay a buck to not have to look at the ads.
B004EPZ06Q|4.0|2 words...Loved it! It's for sure NOT for children.  I hope they make a 3rd one just as hilarious.  It was worth the purchase.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This is a great version of Solitaire. The ads are only at the very beginning and are easy to skip.
B005HSL626|5.0|fun quick and totally adictive, fruit ninjas is a game for everyone. I think every should play this amazing game at some point in life
B0063IH60K|4.0|good app...not addictive but keeps you entertained...only wish there were not ads between each new game, but I guess that's s small price to pay for a free game
B000002VSN|5.0|Amazing find! One thing my mom requested for Christmas! Excellant..Listens to it everyday!Speedy delivery . arrived earlier than expected in time for holiday. Beautiful music; hard to find CD in new condition. Aaa+++.  Top selling Whitney Houston CD.
B0063IH60K|5.0|You have to love an easy card game All solitaire lovers will enjoy using this application on their kindle fire
B005UBNL0A|1.0|Purchased this processor for a Christmas gift for a friend who was having some computer trouble, which was diagnosed to be a bad processor.  His mainboard was is only socket AM3.  Unfortunately none of the item details state that this item is indeed, Socket AM3+.  I am sure the product will work fine, but Amazon needs to be on the ball with their product titles, even if it is a 3rd party seller (which it is not).
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|I've never really listened to Kelly Clarkson, but once she endorsed Ron Paul, I took a listen and bought the CD. Sounds great! I'll be listening as I watch the numbers come in from Iowa - Ron Paul's first primary victory.  Ron Paul 2012!
1612130585|5.0|How can the second one be even better then the first one that I love so much? I am not sure, but it happens here!   I have read this one over and over and still LOVE every word EL James wrote. I could could barely contain my sqeals while reading...Fifty is fifty shades of perfection and kinky!! Laters baby and the emails...get me every single time!!!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|this is a great app. Very useful for a mobile Bible. Love how many versions are available.  would recommend this app to everyone
1466401885|5.0|Simpily put...this book is amazing! I have read it several times and still find my self laughing, blushing, groaning and biting my lip. Jaime McGuire created a dreamy bad boy you can't help but love and want and a leading lady that stands on her own and hold her ground. I enjoyed how the couple wasn't wrote as a \\"made for each other\\" couple...they worked through the issues they each had and became the couple were you are cheering on. Not to mention the H-O-T and steamy parts that had me grinning from ear to ear! A must read...worth every penny!!
B006BDHAX0|1.0|I can not even get thru 1 level without a force close. sucks. seems like a nice set up though
0385534639|5.0|I LOVED this book. It was so fun, imaginative, and creative. Beautifully written, the charactors were so real, I was totally drawn into the story. I wanted the heros to succeed and really disliked the antagonists. I read alot and can be picky. I LOVED this book and was sorry when I turned the last page.
B0066W1AZK|4.0|i recommend this game.. it is very easy to use.. I like the undo button... I wish the computer was a better opponent
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I like this game because it is some what funny,colorful, surprising. in order to play you need to get monney to unlock the different games, each time.
B00012FXAE|3.0|Aliens was a great film,when you compare it with Rambo 2,Terminator and Terminator 2.The film when watched without knowing or seeing the first Alien,would give anyone their money's worth and popcorn.I enjoyed it when thirteen years old and saw it in a cinema.Nothing was better than blowing away xenomorphs after being scared witless by Ridley's vision.  The film score by James Horner is topnotch and I think is his best.  However,after watching Alien 1 and 3,I have a new respect for those films and feel Cameron's Aliens,which put Kyle Reese into space to protect Newt instead of Sarah Connor that the film lacks original ideas.The miniatures very similar to T1 and T2 and this film would make a worthy sequel to Terminator 1.Cameron injected action instead of atmosphere,military themes instead of blue collar workers and Ripley like a female version of Rambo.  If he (Cameron),wanted to please studios and generate money at the expense of original ideas he accomplished that.He borrowed alot of Ridley's ideas like the dual plover that rocks back and forth in beginning scene of Alien on Nostromo.He referenced the Derelict ship on the planetoid LV 426,a synthetic robot,a reckless Weyland Yutani,and a scalped alien head.If anything he did well he painted women marines the equal of men and kept a female hero.Bravo!!  Cameron's Aliens killed the franchise by dumping excessive action into an atmospheric idea of being stalked by an eight feet Alien that bleeds acid.  After this release the studio decided to follow Vincent Ward's prison/monk planetsing again the Ridley Scott formula.Camerons' collaborator Jon Landau did everything to protect JIm at the expense of David Fincher's film and the Alien Franchise.He undermined every idea by Fincher to protect Cameron's vision/version of Alien.There may have been jealousy on Landau's part towards Fincher's talent and ability.If you don't believe me check credits on Titanic and Avatar,both films produced by Jon Landau .Cameron raped and pillaged the franchise for his gain into more expensive ventures.  Aliens is more suitable as a companion to Alien Resurrection which I know is its equal.In fact Jeunet did more with the Xenomorph and Ripley than did Cameron.Cameron exploited Newt with this surrogate mother/daughter relationship.  Aliens in my opinion, far better to watch than Avatar and 3D together.
B000OPPBEQ|5.0|All Matrix in HD in an affordable package!  Total awesomeness!  Must buy!  I already have them in DVD, but blu-ray is totally better!
B002VPE1AW|1.0|Would love to say first that if there was a rating below one this movie would have got it.<br />I was highly excited by the release footage,especially the combat scenes between Marines and Navi prior to film's release.But the Star Wars films, especially the battle scenes were and are, far better still!!!!!<br />The dvd is well made especially the THX sound and picture quality on dvd and Blu Ray but that is it.Oh,Sam Worthington and Stephen Lang are great protagonists in film,but everything ,especially a wasted Sigourney Weaver,Michelle Rodriguez, and those pathetic Navi turned me off this franchise forever.<br />The film promised so much after seeing the list of films directed by Jim Cameron on the trailers but the film sucked everyone into watching it with a smart advertising campaign and the release of 3D.<br />WETA and ILM are masters at CGI,but I feel the indigenous characters and the planet Pandora  left the film flat.These visual effects companies were expected to blow air into a rotting corpse.<br />Cameron hired young and old actors(great mostly) except Zoe Saldaana and wasted everyone of them with needless deaths.I really wanted to embrace this film but felt deflated,angry and empty save for 3D experience.<br />To think that this film made over 2 billion dollars shows that there were many people duped into watching this film through the hype played on all media counts,remember Batman 2/ Dark Knight?<br />Stick with the Star Wars franchise and hope that George Lucas and ILM come up with some brand new tales set in a galaxy far,far away.
B004XJRQUQ|5.0|i love these books, and i have reccommended them to all of my friends. they are fantastic. i bought them in the &#34;package deal&#34; becaue it is cheaper to but them together. i love the hunger games!!! :)
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Kelly Clarkson hit it out of the park with Stronger. Her talent is formidable, her voice is breathtaking, and her courage is heroic. Stronger is an empowering musical experience. I'd like to add that Clarkson's support for Dr. Paul only increases my respect for her as an artist, and a visionary.   Keep it up Kelly!
B006BDHAX0|5.0|Set up like Angry Birds levels. Nice layouts. Should be fun for a while, and FREE today! Thanks, Amazon! Great game on the Kindle Fire.
B006FS22Y8|4.0|This is a good album - very heartfelt. People who love Amy and this album should also listen to Nancy Wilson, very similar styles. The shame is that Nancy Wilson was never considered a musical genius. I guess it pays to be drug addicted.
038533348X|1.0|Don't waste your time on this book.  After reading in Palm Sunday that Vonnegut considered Cat's Cradle his finest work, I turned to it with anticipation.  I had enjoyed Vonnegut's style in Palm Sunday, his irony, and was expecting something equally stimulating.  What a disappointment.  The \\"plot\\" is pointless, and leads nowhere other than to an abrupt and sudden ending.  His coining of new words and concepts along the way attempts to mask the absence of any serious message.  I lived through World War II and the Cold War and kept looking for something I could relate to either of those 20th-century challenges to Western civilization, but I found nothing here--only flights of Vonnegut's fancy that I couldn't relate to any real world I know.  His characters are shallow and undeveloped and his dialogue much the same.  If you like pure fantasy that isn't related in any way to the challenges of our lives in the real world then maybe you'll find something here.  For me, the lesson I take away from this is to approach any other Vonnegut novel with extreme caution and scepticism.  Time is too valuable to use on shallow ramblings like this one.
B004SBQGHS|5.0|Got the free version on my phone, and bought 99 cent on kindle. Totally worth the money. Game runs faster and smoother and you can't accidentally click the ad when you mean to get those pesky pigs. If you are thinking about the free version, pay the 99 cents and have a better quality.
B005HP2J66|4.0|An interesting documentary by Werner Herzog about the Chauvet cave, discovered in southern France only in 1994, that has some of the earliest and best examples of prehistoric art (paintings on the cave walls almost exclusively of animals). An avalanche blocked the entrance about 30,000 years ago, helping it reach the late 20th century in pristine form. The cave is closed to the general public, available only to a few scientists for the purposes of research, to avoid the contamination of a fragile place. Herzog has been able to get permission from the French government to film inside, though with some severe restrictions (although he is not the first one to do so, there has been previous films inside the cave made by French crews). Herzog filmed it in 3D, and for once, this decision seems justified: since many of the paintings were done over the very irregular, curved walls of the cave, you will have a much better idea of how they look on three dimensions. Watching it on DVD, the lack of 3D makes it an still interesting (if overlong) TV documentary.  The movie includes some interesting interviews with the scientists involved in the research of the cave. Most of them seem slightly eccentric. There is one scientist showing us (badly) how the cavemen would throw their spears to catch game. Another is dressed in cavemen-like animal hides, and plays the US anthem in a bone flute. There is a young scientist (one of the few since most of them seem to be quite old), who says that he was a circus performer before deciding to become an archaeologist. He also tells us that one way to know what the Paleolithic people were trying to do by painting the cave is investigating the Australian aborigines, who were practicing rock art as late as the 1970s. Another scientist claims that the cavemen didn't live in the cave but elsewhere. The cave, according to him, was just a place for the occasional ceremonies. I wonder how he knows. A cave is an excellent protection against the elements. And while it is true that they find a lot of animal bones in the cave but almost no human bones, there is an alternative explanation, that these Paleolithic people decided to bury their dead outside the cave. They probably, like many cultures, find it a bit unsettling to live among the remains of their dead.  Herzog makes many philosophical points, but most of them, in my opinion, tend to drift towards the obtuse and the pretentious. Towards the end of the movie he shows us a nuclear power plant that is near the cave, and a sort of greenhouse they build nearby, using the heat and steam generated in the plant, to create a kind of indoor zoo for tropical animals. One of them is a young albino crocodile, and Herzog claims, without offering any proof, that this condition came from the radioactivity generated in the plant. He then spews some nonsense about how the crocodile must feel about the cave or something like that.
B004SBS8LA|5.0|Great twist on already great game :) somewhat more difficult than normal version but still super fun to play and a great time burner if your bored at a relatives house ;)
B0063GORYU|5.0|this game is one of the best it's so much fun but only if you understand spider solitaire if not you might get very frustrated
B0034G4P9E|5.0|I watch a lot of movies and as of now 12/31/2011, the best movie of 2011 is WARRIOR.  I first watched this movie in a local small movie theater and I was moved, stunned, and it was hard to leave the theater because my eyes were full of tears.  It haunted me for the next few days and I watched it again for the second time in a big movie theater with a huge screen and the best sound systems in the city, the same, I was moved again even though I knew all the stories, all the exciting scenes, and ending.  Nobody watched this movie while running in theaters and most people doesn't even know a movie called WARRIOR exists. Oscar 2012 should go to WARRIOR in my humble opinion.  It's so sad that a great movie like this doesn't catch any attention from huge audience.
B0055SWM08|5.0|this is a big time strategy game its gr8 I'm a kid and I love it it is gr8 for the kindle fire to think that I'm only ten
B005WLQQ4Q|5.0|I received the product on time and good conditions.  Definetly I will consider to buy again in amazon in the future.  Regards.  Ron.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|I love Kelly's voice. Ever since I saw her on American Idol, I was very impressed; this latest album shows her evolution as a singer and the dynamic range of styles she can pull off. Bravo, Kelly!
B0054JELS4|5.0|NCIS is the best of the best. Each episode in my humble opinion is better than many feature movies.  This set is great so far. 4 episodes per DVD. no ads. just plays perfectly.  Looks good on 60\\" TV.  would definitely recommend to those who are still interested in DVD collections.  Netflix and digital media will make this DVD format obsolete probably but I am invested in DVD's.  Worse case is I could convert them to digital media later and save on cloud storage.
1439153663|5.0|Such a wonderful book.  I stayed up late several nights in a row reading it.  It was a haunting tale of slavery, and its characters were wonderfully crafted to be so believeable.  It was the best book I have read since The Help.
0553801473|1.0|After 5 books and nearly 5000 pages of GRRM's childish prose I have come....where? Nowhere it seems. Dozens of characters continue to wander aimlessly around the landscape achieving nothing. But hey, the journey itself must be the payoff right? It was (sort of) in Game of Thrones, but how many rapes, murders, floggings, flayings, stabbings, burnings and disembowelments can one author conjure? Quite a few it seems but none to the purpose of actually telling a story. Martin is a sadistic author who glories in the ghastly. His books consist of long passages describing torture, disease and cruelty for no reason other than to vicariously participate in the thrill of barbarism. This is snuff porn more than literature. I feel unclean after having read it.<br /><br />When he's not spending pages describing new ways for a character to die (always horribly) he's pouring out words like the bloody flux to educate me on the finer points of medieval cuisine. How many times do I have to read that 'grease and blood' ran down someone's chin? Or that the meat was 'charred outside and bloody inside?' And I don't care to hear again about the foul stew ladled into the stale trenchers. After a while this is just pointless.<br /><br />And what about the characters themselves? At this point I don't care about any of them. The reason that conventional stories have a protagonist is to give the reader some way to identify with the author's vision. But Martin eschews conventional protagonists (although he has a few antagonists) and replaces them with a motley crew of brigands, thieves, rouges, murderers and fools. Perhaps a great writer could pull this off but GRRM is far from great. If you strip out his tiresome knowledge (and descriptions) of medieval armor, battlements and seige towers he appears to have the vocabulary of a young teenager.<br /><br />He also has no vision -- certainly no moral center. He seems to write only for effect. Many years ago (25?) I read a story call 'A Song for Lya'. I'll never forget it. It told the story of a man and woman who were deeply in love but the woman makes a choice to give up her human life and become part of a great collective being. The man cannot bring himself to follow her and his sorrow at the abandonment is rendered so strongly that I felt wounded as if the pages had bitten me. This author seemed to me to be a new Poe -- able to create a powerful sense of horror in a few thousand words. He was, of course, George RR Martin. I have read nothing else of his until Ice & Fire. But he has not grown. He's still Poe -- all affect and no purpose. But now he's lost his compact style and become more bloated than any Dickensian.<br /><br />Perhaps the final insult is that these books never conclude. Martin continues to string readers along with no intention of offering a resolution. At this point I no longer want to be subjected to what might really be a long, cruel, sick joke.a'. I'll never forget it. It told the story of a man and woman who were deeply in love but the woman makes a choice to give up her human life and become part of a great collective being. The man cannot bring himself to follow her and his sorrow at the abandonment is rendered so strongly that I felt wounded as if the pages had bitten me. This author seemed to me to be a new Poe -- able to create a powerful sense of horror in a few thousand words. He was, of course, George RR Martin. I have read nothing else of his until Ice & Fire. But he has not grown. He's still Poe -- all affect and no purpose. But now he's lost his compact style and become more bloated than any Dickensian.<br /><br />Perhaps the final insult is that these books never conclude. Martin continues to string readers along with no intention of offering a resolution. At this point I no longer want to be subjected to what might really be a long, cruel, sick joke.
B00164EAC8|5.0|you guys need to get out.  IT IS A MOVIE.  A MOVIE.  SOMETHING TO WATCH AND LAUGH AND ENJOY.  the first godzilla, way back when was a joke but for its time it was ok.  i saw it again not long ago, i laughed till it hurt with the rubber feet.  this new godzilla, it doesn't mock anything it down right puts it to shame.  enough of that, now i am becoming like you.  ug   this movie is great, it is funny, well written, the fx are out there.  look at it as a entertainment.  not statements or mocking anything or anyone.  i can't see how people can become so critical over a movie.  i can see commenting on fx, story line, acting, lack of entertainment, lack of humor when purported to be humorous.  anything other than that says you need to get out more.  lighten up.  great flick, remove the past and enjoy it now.  it's a new story and leave it like that.  geeeez
B003H9MSPG|1.0|This was the only toy my grandson asked for. It would not fire over half the time and when it did it would only go for about 6 feet. I can not return it because the box was thrown out by mistake. Please save your money. It was advertised to fire up to 35 feet. I guess   6 feet is in that range!
B0063IH60K|5.0|Its addicting I totally enjoy it!!! When I got my kindle fire it was one of the first games I got.  Easy to use and new games load quickly.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Great stuff, Kelly sounds better than ever.  I love the second single, \\"Stronger\\".  It's an awesome, rockin anthem to resilience and independence.  My other favorite song from the album is \\"Honestly\\", which is a drowning, heartbreaking atmospheric ballad.  You can't go wrong with this purchase.  Away from the mic, I appreciate her willingness to butt heads with the entire establishment, even if she hasn't set out to.  Just think, all the rock acts that wear the counter-culture on their sleeves just got out punk-rocked... by Kelly Clarkson.
B0052U59F4|5.0|I can honestly say this is my new favorite book series!  I read everything imaginable & while romance is my genre of choice I don't usually care for the darker romances.  I was a little leary beginning the book because of that.  However, from the 1st page I was sucked in.  The characters are deep, well conceived and their flaws along with their overwhelming emotions are all there for the reader to get lost in.  I cried, I laughed and by the end of the book I could not wait to read the next.  There are many books that have touched me, or that have stuck with me... this book has imprinted on my soul.  It is so heart wrenching, depressing, and yet beautiful that you can't help but be moved by it.
B003NFM3JU|5.0|An Exellent, darker telling of A Christmas Carol definitely not for young children.  But, one of the best examples of 3D.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Literally, I've stayed up until 5am some nights because I just could not put the book down, which is rare for me! The book is so original and interesting, not your typical book at all, there's no stupid love story line like Twilight. Just real adventure. The main reason I initially loved the book was because Katniss really reminds me of myself with her attitude! This book is a gem, and now I've got to get started on the second book! I'm hoping it's just as good, if not better!
B004NELBPC|2.0|Yes, surprise, surprise, Huffington Post has a left-of-center filter on their news. Get over it. I, personally, love their content.  But there are two reasons I'm giving it two stars : 1) Every single slideshow (and there's lots) is pictures if the cast of HBO's Entourage. Seriously. 2) None of the videos work. At all. They're just pictures where a link to a video should be. You can push your finger at it all you want and nothing happens.   Frankly it's gotten  so annoying their content is the only reason it's not getting one star.
B0002A2WDQ|5.0|Item was in good condition and arrived in a timely matter.  Husband was very pleased. This is a hard to find product.  I am glad I could get it here.
B000T05R8Q|4.0|If you're at all a Pink Floyd fan chances are you already have this on CD (and vinyl, if you go back as far as I do). What you are getting here is the \\"Piper At the Gates of Dawn\\" with Syd Barrett in stereo and mono. And you can definitely pick out some differences in the mixes, one of them being organ in the beginning of \\"Interstellar Overdrive\\". Quite nice to have both mixes in one box set if you don't have it already on CD.  So let's just get this out of the way and say that myself being the very jaded Floyd fan, when this first hit the streets I was more than a little cautious about taking the plunge and grabbing it. First reason was the price tag...second reason is because I already own the MONO mix box set that came out around 1997 or so. OK, so what are they going to dangle in front of this fan to warrant this purchase? Well a third disc of outtakes and previously unreleased tracks...hmmmm this deserved a closer look. I checked out the song titles and saw some tracks I already had, a few a haven't. The price tag though kept me away.  A few months later a local record store by me was going out of business (which is scary because now all I have is a BestBuy by me to buy CD's at) and they were slashing prices on their entire inventory. My girlfriend at the time gave me a gift certificate to that store so I splurged and grabbed this set.  As I mentioned you are getting the remastered \\"Piper...\\" album in mono and stereo. Now what about the third disc, the one which really made me purchase it? Here we go  Disc 3 -  Arnold Layne, Candy & A Current Bun, See Emily Play, Apples & Oranges, Paintbox  These singles vary on rarity but most (if not all) can be found on CD's, but it is nice to have them since this is supposed to be an all inclusive set from the Syd era. And not including them would really be shame, especially Arnold Layne and See Emily Play.  Interstellar Overdrive FRENCH EDIT  This is from a very rare EP which only came out in France and has not been available on CD before. However, it must be pointed out that there is an extended 10 minute version of this same track that has been on underground releases, so it would have been nice if EMI had used that unedited track.  Apple & Oranges  STEREO VERSION  This includes the slate at the beginning stating the name of the track. Yes it's previously unreleased but to my ears there's not much of a difference from the MONO version...apart from a little more guitar feedback in the middle of the song.  Matilda Mother  ALTERNATE VERSION  WOW! Now we're talking! This version features totally different lyrics from the album, seems to be an early version before the lyrics were finalized. Never before released and definitely deserving a place in this set. Bit of a different guitar sound than the released version as well.  Interstellar Overdrive TAKE 6  Seems to be an early take of this, a bit shorter than the original (clocking in at 5:04). Totally unreleased and definitely a nice addition to this disc to round out everything.  The only thing I will nitpick is why the tracks \\"Vegetable Man\\" and \\"Scream Thy Last Scream\\" are not included on here. In my own (humble) opinion they really do deserve a proper release at this point, and this set would have been just the place for it. Not sure if the estate of Syd Barrett or the rest of the Floyd will not consider releasing it, but really at this point they do deserve a proper release.  This set also includes a booklet of Syd Barrett's college from 1965. In it you'll find drawings, typed poems and the like. An interesting addition to be sure to some, a waste of paper to others.  OK so obviously the question is should you buy it. If you're a Floyd completest (which dare I say who this set was marketed to by EMI) then I say obviously, if only for the disc of outtakes and singles. If you're a more casual fan you can just stick with the newest remaster of their first album. Unless another set comes out with more outtakes (like the two I have previously mentioned) then this should remain the ultimate \\"Piper...\\" set you'll ever need.
B005TZFYNE|5.0|I've bought a few Rihanna albums in the past and have been disappointed, so I was initially worried that I'd only like 2 or 3 songs. However, Talk that Talk is the best album I've heard from any artist in a while and encourage others to spend the $10 for it..
B004A8ZWXS|3.0|Perhaps it is me, but I find it extremely difficult to enjoy movies directed by Stephen Spielberg. Yes, Spielberg is a legendary filmmaker, whose films have grossed billions of dollars over a four decade span. He has won loads of Oscars and brought joy to billions of people; and his achievements have made him one of the most influential people in earth's history. Yet despite all of that, I usually cannot bring myself to watch a Spielberg film in a movie theatre. Why is this? Well, apart from \\"Schiendler's List\\" and \\"Saving Private Ryan\\", the majority of his films are steeped in treacly sentiment, and I cannot abide it any longer. Spielberg's purpose as a filmmaker is to provide the movie goer with a conduit to their childhood. In order for him to successfully do this, he directs films that are centered around a chaste love story of some kind; or there might be a film where a \\"cute\\" relationship between a child and a pet/robot/alien will be longingly examined. Some of you may remember that the direction of the movie \\"A.I\\" was inherited by Spielberg after Stanley Kubrick died during the making of that film. The half of the movie that was directed by Kubrick was excellent and lauded by fans and critics alike. Instead of continuing Kubrick's vision, Spielberg usurped the film, injected his own sensibility into its direction, and crafted a second half of a movie that confused and disoriented critics and movie goers. The end of \\"A.I\\" was too sentimental and cloying, and engendered some enmity towards Spielberg. As a movie lover, I like to watch dramatic movies that are emotionally honest even if the subject matter is fantastical. Apart from the two period pieces that I mentioned(which are based on historical events) he seems incapable of doing so.<br /><br />The film \\"Warhorse\\" is a typical Spielberg film.  Set during the period of the first World War, the movie begins as a story about a boy(Albert) and his horse(Joey). Albert's father and mother are wilting beneath excessive financial burdens. However, the father fails to take these financial responsibilities into account when he purchases Joey at an auction.  There is just something about that horse that compels the father to continue bidding at his own peril. He buys the horse at a price that is way beyond his means, and after the initial euphoria at the purchase of the horse wanes, he realizes that he has spent all of his money on a horse that cannot plow the field. Upon seeing the horse, Albert also falls in immediate love with the animal and firmly resolves to take it under his wing. The purchase of the horse has left the family without money for rent, and their cruel and callous landlord will soon be coming to collect.  The only hope for the family is if the boy can teach the horse to plow so that the land on which the family lives can be cultivated for crops.  After much effort by Albert, and derision and doubt from the father and the landlord, Albert is able to teach the horse to plow the farm.  The land is subsequently cultivated, the family has hopes of selling the crops for profit, and paying of the landlord and keeping their farm.  Unfortunately, there is a rainstorm and the crops are washed away in the storm.  With no hope left, the father absconds away with the horse and sells it to the British army.  It is the advent of the 1st World War(1914)and horses are of great value to the British army. Devastated, Albert begs his father to rescind the transaction. He even offers to enlist as a soldier in the army so that he may stay with his horse. But Albert's youth makes him ineligible for service, and he is forced to say a tearful goodbye to his beloved pet.<br /><br />Joey becomes a \\"War Horse\\" during WWI. He is originally used by the officer who purchased him from Albert's father as a cavalry horse. That is until the officer is killed by the German army, and Joey, along with another black horse, effectively becomes an orphan during the war. Not to worry though. As a tandem, Joey and his friend melt the hearts of the people with whom they come into contact as they wander aimlessly through war torn Europe. Some of these caretakers are soldiers, others are civilians. It doesn't really matter who because all who come into contact with the two horses immediately succumb to their charms. The horses bring out the best in their caretakers during this war, as they all exhibit courage, love, and sacrifice during the most difficult circumstances. The horses act as a common thread in this film, a thread that when touched by human beings transforms them into better people.<br /><br />Joey's equine friend eventually dies of a lame leg, but Joey marches onward. During the war's duration, Albert is able to enlist as a soldier in the British army. After Albert is injured during a firefight that temporarily blinds him, and Joey is brought to a military camp by a soldier who rescues him from being entangled in barb wire, the two friends eventually reunite. As a consequence of their reunion, Albert and Joey are able to go home together after the conclusion of the war.<br /><br />I watched this movie after having previously watched \\"The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo\\" in the same movie theatre. These movies could not be more dissimilar except for one similarity: they are both long movies. \\"The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo\\" runs for 2 hours 38 minutes, while \\"War Horse\\" runs for 2 hours 26 minutes. That said, the \\"Girl with the Dragon Tattoo\\" felt like a shorter movie than \\"War Horse\\", and that is part of the reason why \\"Dragon Tattoo\\" was so much better.  \\"The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo\\" seems to zip by while \\"War Horse\\" seems to plod along like a Clydesdale towing a romantic couple through the park. \\"War Horse\\" feels like a movie that is all of 2 hours 26 minutes long. The excessive length of this movie caused me to repeatedly stir in my seat, and I began to wonder when and if it would ever end.<br /><br />Don't get me wrong. \\"War Horse\\" is well made. The acting is very good by all who are involved, and I am a sucker for adventurous and/or epic period pieces.  Still, the movie reeks of convention and that signature Speilberg sentiment. The movie's ending wraps everything up too nicely, and I was left unfulfilled as a result.  Still, if you are a fan of Spielberg's more sentimental work, this is the movie for you.nd melt the hearts of the people with whom they come into contact as they wander aimlessly through war torn Europe. Some of these caretakers are soldiers, others are civilians. It doesn't really matter who because all who come into contact with the two horses immediately succumb to their charms. The horses bring out the best in their caretakers during this war, as they all exhibit courage, love, and sacrifice during the most difficult circumstances. The horses act as a common thread in this film, a thread that when touched by human beings transforms them into better people.    Joey's equine friend eventually dies of a lame leg, but Joey marches onward. During the war's duration, Albert is able to enlist as a soldier in the British army. After Albert is injured during a firefight that temporarily blinds him, and Joey is brought to a military camp by a soldier who rescues him from being entangled in barb wire, the two friends eventually reunite. As a consequence of their reunion, Albert and Joey are able to go home together after the conclusion of the war.  I watched this movie after having previously watched \\"The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo\\" in the same movie theatre. These movies could not be more dissimilar except for one similarity: they are both long movies. \\"The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo\\" runs for 2 hours 38 minutes, while \\"War Horse\\" runs for 2 hours 26 minutes. That said, the \\"Girl with the Dragon Tattoo\\" felt like a shorter movie than \\"War Horse\\", and that is part of the reason why \\"Dragon Tattoo\\" was so much better.  \\"The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo\\" seems to zip by while \\"War Horse\\" seems to plod along like a Clydesdale towing a romantic couple through the park. \\"War Horse\\" feels like a movie that is all of 2 hours 26 minutes long. The excessive length of this movie caused me to repeatedly stir in my seat, and I began to wonder when and if it would ever end.  Don't get me wrong. \\"War Horse\\" is well made. The acting is very good by all who are involved, and I am a sucker for adventurous and/or epic period pieces.  Still, the movie reeks of convention and that signature Speilberg sentiment. The movie's ending wraps everything up too nicely, and I was left unfulfilled as a result.  Still, if you are a fan of Spielberg's more sentimental work, this is the movie for you.
B003DT19F0|5.0|Wonderful movie.  My whole family watches it...my, husband, 5 yr old boy and 3 yr old daughter.  It's such a cute movie.  My 3 yr old is now in love with Tinkerbelle!
B004J1DBJI|5.0|I really like this app but wanted it for work.  I am a chemist working for an Access Control company and thought it would be nice to use the math functions.  The only problem is that I do not get WiFi at work and this app must have WiFi to do anything.  That is the reason it gets only 4 stars.  All other times this app is a good thing to have.<br />I found the web site for this and can get that at work.  Thank you to other reviewers!
B002TLSSXO|4.0|These utensils are awesome!  I love that they don't leave food on my counters when I set them down, and they are so darn fun looking!!  The spatulas scrape really well.  They are a bit chunky and have to lay JUST SO in the drawer so that it shuts correctly.  I wash them in the dishwasher with no problem and am careful not to leave the handles touching a hot pan for a long period of time (based on other reviews) which isn't a problem, because, did I mention, they don't leave a mess on my counter ;)  Enjoy these cool looking functional utensils!
B004EBZX6W|5.0|This is a handy little app for the Kindle.  I was out buying coffee and could park in the vicinity of several restaurants to see where the best WiFi is.  Then that's where I go to get my coffee.  By the way, Wendys won over McDonalds.
1594744769|2.0|I picked this book for my book club because it sounded so different.  I read the first chapter online and was hooked.  The book continues along well written and in the real world for awhile, then takes a complete turn and loses adult readers.  It also gets extremely dark.  I'm not even sure I'd let my 13 year old read this.  I gave it two stars because I did finish it and it is mildly entertaining, but I think that was the most anyone in my book club would have given it.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|This is the best Bible app that I have yet to find. I love the notes and bookmarks. The reading plans are super easy to access and you can download just about any version of the Bible you can imagine. The only issue I have came across is lately it has been force closing very frequently. The force close is the only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5
B005J7K964|4.0|A few thoughts --  1.  Giorgio Moroder introduced me to the classic film METROPOLIS.  Not personally, mind you, but via this fascinating version of the film.  At the time of 1984 I wasn't a fan of silent movies, but having Donna Summer's producer at the helm -- the man who penned some top ten feature film soundtracks -- ABSOLUTELY grabbed my interest.  And if Freddie Mercury had signed on for a song, this warranted a looksie.  The film simply blew me away.  It was everything I felt that ever needed to be said in any movie -- all in one.  Some believe the music is painfully dated now, but I can tell you half of it was even cringe worthy in 1984.  What most critics don't get -- and let's be frank -- the film itself has as many cringe worthy moments.  Maria grabbing her boobs, the factory man grabbing his crotch (?), Fredor running around like a boy pretending he's the Flash.  And so the music -- at times -- isn't any odder than the music.  2.  If you've never seen this version of the film and are willing to give it a try, let me assure you that some music moments -- once heard -- will stay with your memory of the film for good.  I've seen the two theatrical releases of the restored METROPOLIS and during each sitting I mentally ignored the repetitive as hell tepid 'classic' track for Moroder's score.  When Maria is stalked in the catacombs, when Maria first meets Freder, the 'Here She Comes' number, and the final chase scene are highlights of what new music can do to classic images.  It's absolutely riveting.  I promise you that the moment Rotwang extinguishes Maria's candle is the worth purchasing the Moroder version.  3.  The crime of this release is that it doesn't make use of the recent restored/remastered versions.  Since Kino apparently owns both, you have to wonder why. I only fear they'll release a restored Moroder in two years and make even more money off this film.  (Kino released a restored version, and then two years later released a restored/restored yet again.)  Having waited a LONG time to get this film in HQ (as it were), I'm not going to gamble missing this again.  For the uninitiated, this film never was released on DVD until now.  Only VHS and Laserdisc.  Yeah... talk about last one out of the gate.  Sheesh.  4.  If I wished to introduce METROPOLIS to a person under 30, despite the crappy film quality, it would be the Moroder version.  The pace is faster, the color tinting helpful, and the embedded subtitles preferable.  That said --  5.  -- I must make a comment about the theological politics of this version VS the recently restored versions.  I am a screenwriter and my eye is all over story, and I noticed something very odd about the Moroder version.  It's hard to put this delicately because it is controversial.  In this version, the message of the story is that there must be a Mediator between the minds that dream up society and the hands that build it.  Sound familiar?  No?  I'll give you a hint:  the %1 vs. the %99.  Got it?  Good.  Well, in the Moroder version, this message comes through loud and clear.  However, in the recently restored editions, a tangent message grows in strength -- being -- and that Mediator should be the Son of Go-- I mean, the son of Joh Frederson.  Let me put it another way.  A lot of the 'lost' footage that was recently restored is packed with more blunt Biblical references.  You'd think cut footage included nudity and violence, but the lion's share of footage that was 'lost' was particularly Christian.  Here's the interesting part:  as a screenwriter, I'd make the same cuts.  There's no point in referencing one Bible and faith when the film can work better from a universal and agnostic perspective -- as the Moroder version delivers.  So, overall -- this Blu-Ray is a wretched film stock version of a surprisingly superior story cut of Lang's Metropolis.
B005OCFGTO|5.0|was really pleased with what I got. Came in the time told it would and came perfectly in tact. Made my girlfriend very happy for christmas!
1419702238|4.0|For me, every new Wimpy kid book got less funny, with the original being by far the best of the lot. This one, however, rivals the first. Greg is at his most obnoxious, selfish self! And Rowley is especially in rare form here. Very funny stuff. Kinney came up with some really clever ways to show the ridiculousness of family life. Looking forward to the next one!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This app works great on my tablet. I especially like the bookmark feature. Thanks for the app. I recommend this app for everyone. It has many versions to choose from.
B0063IH60K|4.0|this game is a lot of fun. I could play hours.this is ok for all ages to play good game
1451627289|2.0|I know that SK has a huge and faithful following, so apologies if I don't offer a raving review of 11/22/63. I read this with anticipation, but was largely unmoved...I tried to be persuaded, but maybe I'm just to...obdurate. After 800+ pages of prose, all I can think is that SK decided to write a novel built around a single word.
B0063IH60K|4.0|I would've gave it five stars if there were not any advertisements.  Otherwise it is a very good app.  Thanks that it's free!
B000Z9PYJS|3.0|I honestly cannot understand why this novel is supposed to be a better book WITH the final five chapters than it would have been without it.
B005KELQEU|5.0|I bought this case not knowing much about it because I needed something to put my kindle in to protect it whenever I put it in my bookbag or my purse and it turned out to work great. I have the $79 5 button kindle and it fits in there great with a little room to spare around the edges. I have no problem zipping it up and the zipper does not touch my kindle so there is no need for me to worry about my kindle getting scratched. It is lightly padded on the inside to keep my kindle safe if it gets a little tossed around in my purse or bookbag. I also like holding my kindle without anything getting in the way or attached to it like some of the other cases or covers are so this case is great because I can just unzip it, slide out my kindle and start reading. I am loving it so far and glad that I picked this case to protect my kindle.
B006C1DH92|5.0|i love the game it is a awesomely awesome twist on the classic fruit ninjas if i was u i would get this with NO doubt!!!!!!
B000VDDDVO|5.0|I  bought this as a gift for my daughter. We love this movie and now it will be a tradition we can share each Christmas Eve!
B005HSG3TC|2.0|Although this case seems to be a sturdy one that would protect the Kindle Fire, it is lousey at standing up.  There is a slight groove on the rear of the cover in which you are supposed to insert the end of the folded flap into to hold the Kindle upright.  If you put any amount of decent pressure on the Kindle, the flap comes undone and is no longer standing up.  I'm considering sending it back for a better version, something to hold the Kindle upright.
B005EVVESM|5.0|This album is extremely well done. While showcasing a variety of styles, ranging from the basic rock of Misery, to the pop/dance-beat driven Moves Like Jagger (with Christina Aguilera), to the country-esque Out of Goodbyes (with Lady Antebellum), the album still feels like one cohesive set. While the hit singles (lister earlier) are easily the strongest songs on the album, there are few, if any, weak tracks. While Maroon 5's sophomore release, It Won't Be Soon Before Long, did not live up to the expectations placed by their first album, this album returns to the strength and solidity of Songs About Jane while giving us new and exciting sounds to enjoy.
B000W93CHC|5.0|I haven't found anyone who didn't love this book.  I haven't been able to get into another book since--always a sign of a good book!
B000I8G5NA|5.0|I know a lot of people don't agree with me, but I rank MIB II among the very few sequels that do just as well as the originals. MIB is one of my favorite movies of all time, and MIB II is just as good.
B0049P1VHS|5.0|Best TV show since The Sopranos season 1-5.  Happy/sad that the series ends after the upcoming season [III].  Maybe AMC learned something from HBO & The Sopranos about hanging on too long.  IMHO
B005TBWN0K|5.0|I love this app. it's simple, easy, and fun. you can annotate quickly to get your point across with little effort. good job.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I really like this app! it helps me read more of the Bible, and it's free! And it has good graphics and the devotions are great for all kinds of poeple! :)
B006QPVH6O|3.0|For this type of film style, this was pretty good. Better than many other docu-horror/lost footage style films. Was kinda creepy.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|this Bible app is an amazing app. it helps u find insperational verses and look up your favorite verses or even read the whole holy testament._
B00015YVDG|5.0|This is for sure the best movie I have seen Mel Gibson in so far.  I did enjoy the Legal Weapon films somewhat yet Ransom is more entertaining I thought.  It kept my attention well from beginning to end and never got bored watching it.  Not sure why it is not available on blu-ray format since it should be.  A very well rounded movie that you would probably enjoy watching more than once.<br /><br />Peter J. Miller
B005DF2QMC|4.0|I received the DB Tech Audio USB Portable Cassette Tape to MP3 player Adapter with USB cable and software CD cable in time with no delay. I was very happy with the product specially the auto reverse features.
B000069HZP|4.0|The game is a very unique film and really can't compare it to anything else I have ever seen.  It is almost a combination of a horror, suspense, action and drama movie put together in one.  Very entertaining to watch yet thought the ending was a little off.  It should keep your attention well from beginning to end.  A more middle of the road role for Michael Douglas to play but still a good fit for him.<br /><br />Peter J. Miller
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I thought the game was gonna be boring, but its actually pretty fun! I'm so up for the challenge of unlocking every level!
B004WGGQPQ|5.0|I am so impressed by the thoughtfulness that went into this app. It is so much fun and the options are endless. Being able to save your creations to a virtual album is a nice touch. Only thing missing is a text tool.
0240815807|5.0|I've read just about every book there is on the subject and this is easily the best. I love it how he has left out a lot of technical but unnessary information to keep it focused on the most important thing, the music. This is a must read for all aspiring sound engineers.
B002KSPKRS|5.0|I bought these headphones after using the Turtle Beach x11's for about a year. Below I will list the pros and cons of this headset just to give a straight forward answer to those that don't want to read a review that's a page long.  Pros  1.Great sound for a wireless headset  2.Very convenient setup for use with pc, xbox, and ps3.(Without having to unplug any cords.)  3.Actually has a good amount of bass with the booster on.(Not just a cheap gimmick involving lower treble to simulate more bass.)  4.Affordable   5.Can hear footsteps well  Cons  1.Batteries run out quickly (Usually in about 3 hours)I fixed this by going to the 99 cents store and buy tons of batteries.  2.If it's too close to your wireless router you will hear constant popping and hissing from the headset. (I fixed this by moving the transmitter further away.)  3.Uncomfortable after very long gaming sessions (Usually like more than 3 hours)  4.Can't hear footsteps as well as the x11's (And the x11's cost about 50 dollars less.)  How to figure out if these are for you-  Overall I would say these are well worth it IF you want wireless, if you just want to be able to hear footsteps in games and have great sound, just buy the x11's they are the king of Turtle beach headsets. If you want AMAZING blow your mind sound quality I would actually suggest buying a headset from a company called \\"Audio Technica\\".   Hands down BEST way to hook these up (Not even Turtle Beach knows about this)   Use the optical audio cable to go straight into the back of your tv (Not just the back of your xbox) and all you have to do is switch the input on your tv and the headset will play anything. Tv,Ps3,Xbox,Pc, all of them.  I hope that this review was straight to the point.
B004A8ZWVK|3.0|the book was so much better than the film.  i am disappointed in the  story line.  it just wasn't as clear to me as the book was.  dew.
B005VPSEK2|5.0|Thank you Kelly for voicing your heart and making a difference. Keep up the great work.  \\"Whatever action a great man performs, common men follow. And whatever standards he sets by exemplary acts, all the world pursues.\\" Bhagavad-gita 3.21
B0067QPVD2|4.0|This prequel to John Carpenter's '82 remake is a really good horror film, one of the best I've seen in years. I will definitely be buying this one. It was freaky and unpredictable, which is rare with horror nowadays. I thought it was very well done and I recommend it.
B00020HEG6|4.0|I originally got this CD for the musical portion where Harry Potter sees Peter Pettigrew on the map. This was, of course, nowhere to be found on the CD. Online, there are different versions, including one for Europe and one for America. I have no idea why and honestly think that is another way of milking the audience for more money.<br /><br />I do enjoy this music and think it is a nice addition to my Harry Potter collection. I love Gary Oldman and think he is such a versatile actor (Sirius Black - Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Commissioner Gordon - Batman Begins).<br /><br />All in all, a great CD, but just be sure which version you get.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I'm halfway through this book and I just can't put it down. So much drama and suspense, and lots and lots of action. I love this book and will finish the entire series in about a week.
B005TZFZJC|3.0|I am a huge Rihanna fan, but this CD does not deliver.  I expected much more.. especially after her last album (definitely my favorite)!  1/3 of the songs on this album are great, 1/3 are okay and the other 1/3 are true disappointment.  Her music is all over the place in this album, no consistency in songs.
B002TLSSXO|5.0|The Joseph Joseph 6 piece elevated utensils are great, exacatly what I wanted. Rate them a 10 out of 10. Recomend for anyone.
B0063IH60K|4.0|haven't played solitaire for awhile but once I started I cant stop. its addictive! keep trying to do better so I have to keep playing.
B000YIGNKE|5.0|This movie is not the novel but I found it to be a great love story in its own right.  It is one of my favorite movies to curl up on the couch to watch.  The ending comes too quickly, it feels as though they are rushing to tie up the story...maybe that is because of all the running she does through Bath at the end.  The sister Mary is over played, as others have mentioned, but in some ways I find this humorous...she is the sister you truly want to role your eyes at and say OMG!  If you haven't read the book, you will enjoy the movie, if you are a die hard Austen fan looking for the novel, you will be disappointed.
B001P3OMY6|5.0|This was a really great book! Once I started reading it, I couldn't put it down and finished it in a little over a day. Hale is one of my favorite authors and I read this after reading \\"The Actor and the Housewife\\" (AMAZING book, read it too!) and \\"The Princess Academy\\" (also great!) and was so pleased to find this equally as good. Hale is a chick-lit author that comes up with original plots that you don't figure out within the first chapter. This book was funny, sweet, and accessible. As a lover of Jane Austen, this book was truly a delight. I can't recommend it enough!
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Thank you Kelly for being such a wise and talented young Lady. I purchased 4 of your albums and a copy of your single \\"stronger\\"   RON PAUL 2012
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Wouldn't have tried it if not for your Endorsement of Dr. Paul! You have my recommendation. I'll be keeping up with your work.
B0055SWM08|5.0|i really like quell! the game is relaxing and the graphic are nice. quill is a wonderful addition to your gaming list.
B002ZG97EC|3.0|I got a blu ray, dvd digtal copy movie. The digtal copy came in the movie with a cd case instead.
B003L20IHO|5.0|I really loved the book, and the movie did not disappoint. This story is great.  As someone who loves sailing, I really appreciated the attention to detail in this film.  Overall the movie is cute, suspenseful, and has a (mostly) happy ending.  The entire cast did really well, but the biggest surprise was Zac Efron who did a really good job acting.
B005UKJX4E|5.0|This film is first a masterpiece of cinematography.  Secondly, its a post-card of a certain american-family reality.  So many universal themes in this - and relatable if you have lived through ups and downs of life, especially family life.  To me, its a must-see.  Loved it.
B005OCFHHK|5.0|I bought this set because I didn't want all the extra scenes, special features, etc.. If you want all the extras, they are certainly available. If you enjoy the movies then this set allows you to dive right in. It meets my needs, the blu-ray is fabulous and it's everything I expected.
B0053KWDES|5.0|I use this amp with my iPhone to run Grado Sr80i headphones.  What a great combination!  Use the Fiio L9 dock connector to 1/8\\" mini-plug to feed the unamplified line level signal to the E11.  The sound is discernibly cleaner and more vivid than the iPhone's internal amp. The Fiio E11 is about 25% smaller than the iPhone and significantly lighter weight.  Fiio includes a silicon rubber strap to conveniently bind the two devices together.  Buy the E11 on Amazon with confidence. The street price is pretty much the same no matter where you get it.
B000002AQQ|4.0|Rcvd very swiftly & happy with it, but I thought this was new & it was not sealed. Was I wrong?
1419702203|5.0|My wife is a lifelong fan of the \\"Quiet Beatle\\".  She describes the book as most poignant and informative... a loving portrayal of a most fascinating person. She's read it cover to cover three times.
B005HSG3VK|5.0|Pretty and functional.  Does exactly as it states.  Bought a pretty pink one which I love.  You can use the attached band to hold case closed or use the stand to prop it up horizontally to watch videos. Great protection for your Kindle Fire!
B0063IH60K|5.0|l have this game on my kindle fire, and I play it all the time. I recommend this game for everybody. just like playing with cards, only better.)
B005H0IW6W|5.0|I got this for Christmas and I love it.  True, the material is not new but the way he sings it and with his big band style he makes these like new.  It ranks right up there with my Bing and Andy Christmas favorites.
1439181780|5.0|Fast Service and a good read, also recommend Mind Power by Atkinson for a complete understanding of laws of attraction.
B0030IIYWA|5.0|This is great!  A true classic!  You definitely must have this among your collection.  My  son was ecstatic!!  A terrific buy!
1582701709|5.0|Fast Service and a good read, also recommend Mind Power by Atkinson for a complete understanding of laws of attraction.
B000VDDDVO|5.0|5 stars+! The package came exactly as described and in perfect condition! Very prompt delivery. No problems at all...I'm very happy..and now I own my absolute favorite Christmas movie at an amazing price!
0756404738|3.0|I would gave the previous book 5 stars and was drawn in much more to Kvothe's days with his traveling theater family, street urchin life, school/university trials and the climax at the end saving the village. This book was messier and a lot of it seemed to have little lasting point in the overall story, IE the Adem training - it was cool but a lot of detail, or the mayor story. I hope book three brings this together mroe clearly and gets somewhere with the Chandrian!
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Hey Kelly, Breakaway has always been a favorite song of mine, but I hadn't checked out any of your stuff lately.  When you tweeted about Ron Paul, I decided it was time to look into your work again.  Fantastic album and I love Ron Paul, too.  Oh, and don't worry about the haters...their minds haven't been freed, yet, but we won't give up.
057809665X|5.0|The author does a great job of detailing techniques that are useful in developing relationships. It is especially useful if you find yourself to be shy, socially awkward, or reserved, this is a great book to help you develop transactional skills. It is an easy read which delivers practical nuggets you can immediately test and validate. As the book convincingly demonstrates, it is definitely not about us but rather about them. Mr. Dreeke makes it look easy even though he himself struggled early on to master the art of being persuasive. For those interested in rapport building and pro-social engineering, this is your book: substance with little fluff.
B0041YI4ZO|4.0|Ip Man - The Prequel,  well that's what it should have been called. The action and choreography are top notch in this movie, and there is a lot of action here. My girlfriend loved the romance aspect. Liberties have been taken with the historical facts. But unless you are really hung up on the details of kung fu history, this shouldn't bother you in the least :-)
B0052VUNHC|4.0|I liked this book, Beautiful Disaster.  It was an easy read about college love.  Takes you back to your youth and the silly games you might have played with a boy/girlfriend.  Don't expect any deep thinking on this one.  Just enjoy the simple story line about a bad boy and good girl falling in love.  I bought another book from this author, so it can't be too bad 'eh?
B006H8BIIM|4.0|Defend your space station.  Create defense turrets etc to repel the enemy fleet inbound to your mining colony.  Very enjoyable with survival and campaign.  Pricing is right on the money so give this one a whirl.
B003MC5N28|5.0|When I was in 8th grade five years ago, this book was assigned for the class to read. Never, up until that point, had a book made me cry as when I read this book. I can truly say that this book is one of my all time favorites.
1400052181|5.0|This is an amazing story, beautifully written that entwines good science reporting and the human story expertly, sensitively, humorously, and understandably. Progress is not always made by standing on the shoulders of giants, but also on the shoulders of ordinary people. Read it.
B000W9DSVW|3.0|I bought this because it was $18 for a blu-ray trilogy, which is pretty crazy.  I had actually never seen all the movies.  I was sure the third would be the worst, but that is actually my favorite, and that was the one I'd never seen before.  So the movies are great; I really enjoy them.  EXCEPT for the quality.  People aren't kidding when they say this is the worst blu-ray movie quality they've ever seen.  I don't know what the DVDs look like, but they might look about the same as this.  But if you think about it, $18 is still an ok price for 3 DVDs.  The third movie is definitely the best quality.  Some scenes have some pretty impressive Vegas scenery.  So bottom line, I still think the price is worth it, if you're paying around $18.  Under no circumstances should anyone pay over $20 for this.  It's just not good enough quality to warrant that.
0307990788|4.0|I've had to have been persuaded to read Jane Austen; despite the enthusiasm of some friends for the 19th Century novelist, I have been put off by her high style and the brittle world she builds of English class distinctions at the end of the 18th Century.<br /><br />I was anticipating the next police procedural of P.D. James, a modern stylist and great crime writer, and I admit to some disappointment when I read the advance publicity for _Death Comes to Pemberley_: an amalgam of a Jane Austen novel and a crime thriller.<br /><br />Elizabeth Bennet has married Darcy and settled at Pemberley. They have two sons in the nursery and their marriage is a happy one. Each year, Pemberley Hall is the scene for a grand ball, named in honour of Darcy's late mother, Lady Anne. Pemberley is thrown into disarray on the night before Lady Anne's ball by the bloody death of an army officer in the estate woods. The scene needs much untangling as Wickham, a man never to be received at Pemberley is found kneeling over the body, drunk, and exclaiming that it is his fault that his friend is dead. Wickham is married to Elizabeth's sister Lydia, and causes ongoing distress to the Darcys by living irresponsibly beyond his means.  Darcy as a paterfamilias has in the past been obliged to pick up the tab.<br /><br />In the subsequent investigation and trial, family loyalties are stretched to breaking point, and Pemberley looks set to be shamed for generations to come, until the final resolution, which - in Jane Austen fashion - is a set of happy outcomes for all.<br /><br />James's writing is so good that I was drawn into this complex web of family relationships and intrigue and enjoyed this novel almost as much as her other crime novels. (I don't think she can better _Death in Holy Orders_, but then, I'm a priest of the Anglican persuasion!)<br /><br />I was amused that Darcy consulted his wrist-watch and Elizabeth her bedside alarm clock: they were needed to establish times of alibis. The year in which Death Comes to Pemberley is set is 1803, well before the mass production of wrist-watches and the miniaturisation of alarm clocks. Darcy, as a gentleman, would much more likely have a pocket watch, if any time-piece on his person, and Elizabeth would more likely be used to consulting a maid who might know the time from a large hall clock. I can't help feeling there's a joke element here. P.D. James is too careful to have simply made a mistake.<br /><br />The incongruity of the time-pieces emphasise how complete the world is that James has created. I believed her portrayal of reactions to death among the British upper-class of the time. I suspect Baroness James has some nostalgia for a time when gentlemen lived on their estates and as magistrates kept good order throughout the realm.<br /><br />The downside to this nostalgia is that _Death Comes to Pemberley_ lacks some of the social edge of James's earlier novels. This has been a divertissement, a thoroughly enjoyable one at that, but I do hope she returns to more modern settings if we are blessed with future novels.s 1803, well before the mass production of wrist-watches and the miniaturisation of alarm clocks. Darcy, as a gentleman, would much more likely have a pocket watch, if any time-piece on his person, and Elizabeth would more likely be used to consulting a maid who might know the time from a large hall clock. I can't help feeling there's a joke element here. P.D. James is too careful to have simply made a mistake.   The incongruity of the time-pieces emphasise how complete the world is that James has created. I believed her portrayal of reactions to death among the British upper-class of the time. I suspect Baroness James has some nostalgia for a time when gentlemen lived on their estates and as magistrates kept good order throughout the realm.   The downside to this nostalgia is that _Death Comes to Pemberley_ lacks some of the social edge of James's earlier novels. This has been a divertissement, a thoroughly enjoyable one at that, but I do hope she returns to more modern settings if we are blessed with future novels.
B0063GORYU|4.0|This is a very tough game to win.  You feel like you have accomplished something when you do win once in a while.
B0030DHPGQ|4.0|A pretty good book that keeps you interested.  The writing is clear, the examples are helpful (although a bit too numerous), and the suggestions are insightful and counter-intuitive.  The authors' approach is hard to argue with because they make constant use of \\"close to home\\" examples that make us see common behavior in new ways.  They also make good use of repetition and imagery to help the reader retain the content.  Their use of psychology is spotty, though.  Sometimes they unquestioningly accept the precepts of psychology, but other times they dismiss them (when they don't fit with their framework).  One reviewer put it well: \\"Switch oscillates between the citation of psychological research and the slightly-suspect relaying of 'inspirational anecdotes.'\\"  Still, this book is very insightful about what humans realistically have to do to implement and cope with change, and I like how both the concepts as well as the examples are not limited to the business world.
B006DJ2JSI|5.0|This is what a dictionary is supposed to do. When trying to search for a word on the Oxford dictionary that comes loaded on the fire I was presented with a list of every instance of usage - not the definition. Plus this app includes synonyms so it doubles as a thesaurus.
B0060ZJ74O|1.0|This release uses Ultraviolet for the digital copy.  As it states in the description it requires the Silverlight client for downloads to be viewed.  Do not be surprised when there is no iTunes compatible downloadable file and you will have to, yet again, have a special client to view the digital copy.  So, now we have what?  Flixster and Silverlight required to view Ultraviolet digital copies as well as the client WE CHOSE (in my case, iTunes and Windows Media)?  I wonder how many more trojan horse applications we will have to install in order to watch the digital copy WE PAID FOR.  Of course, it's only good for a year as well so...<br /><br />BEWARE.<br /><br />Ultraviolet is the worst.
B0063GORYU|5.0|I really enjoy playing this game. It is very easy to play and use. Great to play on my kindle fire and keep me busy in between books
B004FGMDOQ|5.0|I was creeped out by the cover photo and decided to read it because of that!  It continued to creep me out and kept me hooked for a day & a half til I finished it!  Can't wait for book two!  The photos enforced the creepiness and I can totally see how this story will translate well to the big screen.  I read it on my Kindle DX and had no problem seeing the pics well and the hand written notes. I LOVE how the author took mostly 100 percent real old photos and created this story around them.  Buy it - you wont regret it!
B0058VW36U|5.0|This game is so much fun. It's. addicting. It can be very challenging, which I like.  I play it every day. I definitely recommend getting this app.
B003204MQS|1.0|Absolutely nothing of interest happens for the first two hours. Much like Blair Witch everyone keeps acting freaked out by everything.  Feels like a homemade movie.  The director of this movie is genius for creating something so incredibly lame but giving it that underground \\"cult\\" feel to it so people feel like they are cool if they like it.  I'd prefer to watch paint dry than waste another two hours of my life I'll never get back.
0374275637|5.0|Daniel Kahneman got the Nobel Prize in Economic Sciences in 2002 for his work in psychology that challenged the rational model of judgment and decision making. In Thinking, Fast and Slow, Kahneman explains the two systems that drive the way we think and decide. System 1 is fast, intuitive, and emotional; System 2 is slower, more deliberative, and more logical. System 1 jumps to conclusions, unaware of alternatives, effects and root causes of problems. System 2 is lazy, will provide substitution with simpler answers whenever possible. Most of the times these two systems take care of our survival as humans, but on decision making, gambling, etc. they're dead wrong quite often. Kahneman's book is not a standard text book to be used in college or university, but takes you along his lifetime journey of research and collaboration with fellows like Amos Tversky (Judgement Under Uncertainty: Heuristics and Biases) and Gary Klein (Conditions for Intuitive Expertise: A Failure to Disagree).<br />The impact of loss aversion and overconfidence on corporate strategies, the difficulties of predicting what will make us happy in the future, the challenges of properly framing risks at work and at home, the profound effect of cognitive biases on everything from playing the stock market to planning the next vacation--each of these can be understood only by knowing how the two systems work together to shape our judgments and decisions. He proves concept like planning fallacy, the discrepancy between Econs (homo economicus, as I learned this super rational being during my years of economics study) and Humans, and what the rational agent model / utility theorem, promoted by John von Neumann and Oskar Morgenstern fails to support. Other minefields are Bernoulli's expected utility concept and the indifference map. You learn what the denominator neglect, mental accounts, the sunk cost fallacy and framing comprise. Thinking, Fast and Slow is accurate and actual, not only the 60's revive with renderings from Herbert Simon, but also contemporary concepts like Groupthink, and the wisdom of the crowds, best sellers like Malcolm Gladwell`s Blink and  James Collins` Good To Great are digged. Simon's definition of intuition: \\"The situation has provided a cue; this cue has given the expert access to information stored in memory, and the information provides the answer. Intuition is nothing more and nothing less than recognition.\\" is right, Collins' great companies prove dead wrong, when looked at a couple of years later. Each chapter is stuffed with experiments, statistics and finished with quotes to underline the main lessons. Some examples are: \\"Let's decorrelate errors by obtaining separate judgements on the issue before any discussion. We will get more information from independent assessments.\\" Conclusions from experiments like \\"Subjects' unwillingness to deduce the particular from the general was matched only by their willingness to infer the general from the particular.\\" are clarifying and provoking. And, what a pity: even Kahneman's own psychology students don't apply the principles just learned in a Good Samaritan like exercise. We're human after all.derings from Herbert Simon, but also contemporary concepts like Groupthink, and the wisdom of the crowds, best sellers like Malcolm Gladwell`s Blink and  James Collins` Good To Great are digged. Simon's definition of intuition: \\"The situation has provided a cue; this cue has given the expert access to information stored in memory, and the information provides the answer. Intuition is nothing more and nothing less than recognition.\\" is right, Collins' great companies prove dead wrong, when looked at a couple of years later. Each chapter is stuffed with experiments, statistics and finished with quotes to underline the main lessons. Some examples are: \\"Let's decorrelate errors by obtaining separate judgements on the issue before any discussion. We will get more information from independent assessments.\\" Conclusions from experiments like \\"Subjects' unwillingness to deduce the particular from the general was matched only by their willingness to infer the general from the particular.\\" are clarifying and provoking. And, what a pity: even Kahneman's own psychology students don't apply the principles just learned in a Good Samaritan like exercise. We're human after all.
B006QKKMBA|4.0|Great special effects in beginning. No-name actors do a decent job. Can't say \\"events\\" are all that creative but as all Final Destination, keeps you interested as you know something is coming.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love it!!!!!!! I dont need to say anything else this is a really fun game.  I love that there is a variety of games.
B004EPYZXU|2.0|Apollo 18 was in my opinion a waste of my time and money. The acting was \\"B\\" rated. The sopposed live action was staged and the dialog was not what our astronauts would ever use. The spider creatures were not a main part of the action as they should have been. Where did they come from and why were they attacking this mission? What was their purpose? That was never known. Why didn't the other Apollo missions see them....lmao!  What a piece of dribble. Screenwriting was poor and the cinematography could heve been done by a group of imaginative 5th graders.
B0058VW36U|5.0|my kids have this on their 3ds highly addicting and the main character is adorable game runs flawlwssly on kindle fire.
B005G81726|1.0|I ORDERED THIS ON 31 NOV---AND STILL DON'T HAVE IT.  WHITE CLOUD SAID THEY SENT ANOTHER PRIORITY---AND STILL DON'T HAVE IT.  HOW DO I GET MY MONEY BACK?
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Great album.  I remember you from American Idol in 2002 and thought, \\"She's going to go places.\\" Now with your props for Ron Paul I listened to some of your new tunes and I'm sold.  Your a great artist and thanks for your support for Dr. Paul!
B005I6EU48|3.0|I love the look. The red is nice with the brown and gold detailing. You can stand it up by flipping the cover open back on itself. However, I was surprised that the fit is so tight for the Kindle Fire, the magnet doesn't function to keep it shut when closed, the elastic straps go over the speakers and the camera pin hole. I'll keep it, but will also keep my eye out for the re-designed version. Maybe add a small leather strap across the middle edge like the old diaries used to have to keep it closed and move the elastic straps further to the edges to accomodate the speakers and camera.
B002ZG976U|4.0|OK, a small town girl from Iowa goes to the big city to make good. Original? No. But in the hands of director Steve Antin, and a cleverly assembled cast of A-listers, the film is quite entertaining.<br /><br />I'm not a fan of Aguilera's voice, but she is a capable actress, and her singing is less \\"stylized\\" than usual, and it works. Cher is enjoyable, as always, and Stanley Tucci and Alan Cumming bode well, as well as a snotty performance from Kristin Bell.<br /><br />I especially enjoyed newcomer Cam Gigadet, very engaging in the male lead. His career should flourish.<br /><br />The idea is so old, but some fresh approaches, some good original tunes, mixed with oldies, and a strong cast that buys in to the narrative, collectively make this a most enjoyable film.<br /><br />Don't dismiss \\"Burlesque\\" too quickly. As entertainment, it succeeds on many levels.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Good app. Lots of options to customize to your liking. Easy to use format. My 7 year old plays it too!
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I'd been looking for a good app that allowed me to take notes and make to do lists that was simple, clean, and synced across multiple platforms and Evermore is it! I've tried many, many applications and this one is the best. I use it on my Kindle Fire which it works beautifully on btw, and then I can bring the notes up on my Iphone and computer. I write out my shopping lists at home on my Fire and then have them at the store on my phone. I share a notebook with my husband who can then pull it up on his Iphone and know what I have going on. I wish I'd found Evermore earlier!
B0061S073A|5.0|With the most recent Kindle Fire update (which includes a wifi lock - finally!) this app is a huge help in controlling access to kids-only apps. A must if you have kids who want to use your KF.
B004EPYZU8|4.0|I was very curious about this movie when I saw the previews for it when released to theaters. I never got a chance to see it till now when I purchased it for my sister for Christmas and finally watched it. It hooks you with the intense opening scene which sets the plot for the film. This film is filled with intense very well done action sequences and a vivid, intense, and very well put together tale of heartache and despair among women of a mental institution. If you are curious like I was, see the film, you may either love it or not. Don't understand why it has such a average rating for all these reviews! Regardless,this film is definitely worth a view!
B0042MEQVG|3.0|Overall, another miss for me with this movie series. I should point out, I haven't read the books so my opinion is based soley on what is on the screen.<br />It was a let down for me, in two major areas. First area, the characters were a downer. I didn't burn for them, I wasn't captivated and riveted to the screen. In fact, the only character that I found compelling was Taylor Lautner's performances. Added to this, that the \\"bad guys\\" didn't come across all that bad. I wasn't repulsed or made afraid by them, and I feel I should have been. That's why you have the \\"bad guys\\", because they are really bad dudes. It's what helps with the conflict and tension of the story. Now, to be fair, this lacking could very well go back to the author of the books and not to the director or scriptwriter.<br />The second area that I found lacking, was the visual portrayal of the story, which I also had an issue with on the first movie. Make-up bothered me again.<br />I'd watch it again just for Lautner, and to be reminded how not to tell a story, but that would be about it.
1451627289|3.0|This book was wonderful, I read it in four days.  Can't understand why King would taint the hero by writing in some pro Obama propaganda for the main charac. of the book.  I feel like I get this from every angle of the culture these days and wish King didn't inject it into this masterpiece.
1451627289|4.0|I'm going to be pretty harsh on 11/22/63 (starting with that godawful title), so readers should best keep in mind the four stars I've given it.  This is a rollicking read, 900 pages that absolutely fly by.  King has created an interesting narrator who actually manages to stick out from others he's given us in the past.  And the premise, of course, is highly interesting, if not at all original: what if you could go back and change something in the past?<br /><br />In the case of Jake Epping, that something is the Kennedy assassination, mainly because the time-portal his friend Al finds takes him to Maine in 1958.  Same day and time, no matter how often you go through.  When Al can no longer continue his mission to stop Oswald, he recruits Jake, who sees an opportunity for his first adventure and goes for it, ramifications be damned.<br /><br />The novel starts out strong and builds to a bloody crescendo about a third of the way in (Jake has one stop to make before heading to Texas).  But then it slowly peters out.  By the time he falls in love (with the totally two-dimensional Sadie, who seems like her sole purpose is to make the novel longer), we're yawning, waiting for the action to kick in.  When it does, it's methodical--he has five years to kill after, and that means following Oswald around, spying on him, all the while wooing Sadie.  (I'll admit, their relationship has some interesting scenes, but in hindsight, they're only entertaining when compared with the number-crunching he's doing on Oswald.)  The climactic scene is predicable and a let-down; then comes some nice espionage-ish stuff (as you would expect in a novel about a man trying to prevent a presidential assassination), followed by a few final acts.  (Remember how many times the movie RETURN OF THE KING ended?  Yeah, like that.)  Don't worry, none of these are spoilers; King throws in a few nice surprises here and there, but in 900 pages, a \\"few\\" surprises is a too little, too infrequently.  Plus, once you get past the first third (which remains the best part of the book, in my opinion), you pretty much know how things are gonna go down, if you've ever read any Stephen King before.<br /><br />Why so harsh, if I clearly enjoy the book?  Precisely BECAUSE I enjoy it.  It bothers me whenever a book or movie is hindered by its own artistry, and such is the case with 11/22/63.  It's twice as long as it should have been, and places a lot of emotional weight on a character (Sadie) we just don't care enough about; we care about Jake, but our empathy doesn't extend to his outer circle.  There's also a promising trip to Derry in the first third, which resonates nicely with his novel IT (remember your dates, Constant Reader), but the novel doesn't follow that road for very long.  Jake's destination is Texas, and King seems a bit too emphatic about making us understand that he did his research (there's a lengthy Afterword about just that).  11/22/63, like its lengthy predecessor UNDER THE DOME, just isn't what it could've been.  It's one of King's weaker novels.  And yet, yes, there are those four stars, meaning that you will probably enjoy this book.  Just try to ignore the bitter aftertaste it leaves.  King will hopefully take care of that with his next doorstop.irst third (which remains the best part of the book, in my opinion), you pretty much know how things are gonna go down, if you've ever read any Stephen King before.  Why so harsh, if I clearly enjoy the book?  Precisely BECAUSE I enjoy it.  It bothers me whenever a book or movie is hindered by its own artistry, and such is the case with 11/22/63.  It's twice as long as it should have been, and places a lot of emotional weight on a character (Sadie) we just don't care enough about; we care about Jake, but our empathy doesn't extend to his outer circle.  There's also a promising trip to Derry in the first third, which resonates nicely with his novel IT (remember your dates, Constant Reader), but the novel doesn't follow that road for very long.  Jake's destination is Texas, and King seems a bit too emphatic about making us understand that he did his research (there's a lengthy Afterword about just that).  11/22/63, like its lengthy predecessor UNDER THE DOME, just isn't what it could've been.  It's one of King's weaker novels.  And yet, yes, there are those four stars, meaning that you will probably enjoy this book.  Just try to ignore the bitter aftertaste it leaves.  King will hopefully take care of that with his next doorstop.
B0063IH60K|5.0|The program works wonderfully. It is very responsive and smooth. I could spend hours in simple games or adjust the settings for a more difficult game.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Great game! Very easy to play. I love solitaire and play this game all the time. So very happy I found this app for my kindle.
B0063IH60K|5.0|i love picking my own card design. ads are minimal. no glitches so far. play it all the time on my kindle fire.
B0030V0PEW|3.0|A nice compilation of stories but mainly focusing on the WHO and it's attempt to make surgery safer. The CMS should pay attention to this book for the future of healthcare.  Didn't really help out my views in the business world.
B001OQCV6A|4.0|If you like [[ASIN:B000JQU1VS The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes]], I think you will like this movie.  Robert Downey Jr. does a great job portraying Holmes (in my opinion).
B006G2ZEV6|5.0|A lot of people's Kindle Fire must be outdated because all the apps that &quot;don't work&quot; work just fine on my Kindle Fire.
B0053KWDES|4.0|I rate highly 4 stars, but after tweaking and playing around with the amp for few days, I've come to realise it's no better than my boostaroo 3-outlet amp.  Keep in mind everyone will get their own results, everyone has their own preferences, headphones, players.  Using cowon S9, ksc-75, and audio technica ahd700 phones, I finally determined the boostaroo does a better job at plain old amplifying and making for richer sound.  Yes the E11 has bass controls, gains etc, but with a good player, those controls are just unnecessary, IMO.  So I'm back using my boostaroo, lets me plug in up to 3 phones or speakers, along with my fav koss ksc 75.  The cowon S9 is the key in my book, wayy customizable in bass and trebles, huge # of sound tweaks!  So yes 4 stars, great product, but to my ears with listed equip, the boostaroo is half the price, and sounds a little stronger, richer, and clearer.  TY
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I think this app is really cool because you get more than 100 games in 1 app! Also it has fun,fifteenth,and creative games.
B0055SWM08|5.0|Very relaxing! Great if you like puzzle games. Quell has beautiful graphics with very peaceful music. I really enjoy this game!
B0063GORYU|5.0|I absolutely love this game. I have not had any problems what-so-ever with the app. (knock on wood.) I'm so addicted to this game.
0385504225|2.0|I didn't like this book. The story line was weird, full of overdone references to science, religion, and everything and anything that might remotly look intriguing to an average mind. Brown exploits some science notions and wiggles them in front of your nose like they wiggle noise-making toys in front of babies. I loved Da Vinci Code and maybe I am just saturated with Brown's style. This book, being the II one I read by Brown, reminds of watching \\"Something About Mary\\" the II time: first time it was great, II time (II book in this case), it fails to impress completely. I will say that I didn't dislike the book to leave it half way through. I finished it and I am glad I did but it left me with this \\"what the hell\\" bitter \\"taste in the mouth\\".
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is fun to kill time but some games are confusing and some take a while to load up
B0065NPI5I|3.0|This album has alot of good selections on it but unfortunately, like many of his regular albums, the songs you may be buying the album for are re-makes, not the original versions that you fell in love with on the radio. Be warned!
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|This Cover does exactly what it promises. It is remarkably easy to fit, fits perfectly,  adds very little weight to the Fire tablet, and protects it from dirt and damage. Other reviewers seem to suggest that the lightness of the case makes them perceive it as flimsy; this is not so, as the shell seems tough and as protective as one can reasonably expect. Indeed, I didn't at all want a case that added additional weight for me to schlep about! The elastic that holds the cover is springy, strong and is convenient to use; I'm very glad that the cover can be kept out of the way when one is reading. The felt-like lining of the cover keeps my touch-screen clean and dust-free. In short, this case represents good value and fulfills its purpose admirably.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I recently received my Kindle Fire and this has been a great app to have on hand. I downloaded the free one and I am enjoying it!
0307891372|5.0|I read all of the reviews about this guide and I agree with all of the positive things said about it.  It is incredibly informative about all aspects of the game.  For those who complained about the spoilers - I don't understand their problem.  Any section that contains spoilers had a mild or major spoiler alert icon, so you could choose to read it.  I agree that the print is very small, but the book is large enough already - it would have been huge with bigger print.  It's really only a minor inconvenience.  My only complaint is that the quests do not have a recommended level requirement noted.  It is possible to cross-reference with the area, which does have a recommended level requirement listed though.  I am so glad that I got this book!
1419702238|5.0|my daughter just got this for Christmas and shes already done with it and she said she loved it..Thats an A+ in my book.
B005URRCUY|5.0|The Black Keys achieved their `high watermark' with 2010's Brothers, winning a Grammy for Best Alternative album for the critical darling.  Like the old saying goes, `if it ain't broke, why fix it?'  The Black Keys intelligently take `this road' when following up Brothers with its equally excellent (arguably stronger) follow-up El Camino. Produced by the band (Dan Auerbach and Patrick Carney) and standout producer Danger Mouse (member/producer of Gnarls Barkley, Beck's Modern Guilt), El Camino is easily one of 2011's best and most alluring efforts. A mix of garage rock and vintage soul, El Camino is a must-have.<br /><br />First single \\"Lonely Boy\\" opens the album remarkably with distorted, grimy sounding guitar and smart, tasteful use of synths and keyboard effects.  The groove is a welcome anachronism, hearkening back to a 1960's rock groove (think The Doors).  Frontman Dan Auerbach's vocals are incredibly soulful and the vocal production is well conceived, much like Brothers was.  The addition of supporting vocals on the chorus help make the sound more gargantuan and anthemic, which is a highlight.  The refrain is nothing less than addictive: \\"Oh, I gotta love that keeps me waiting/I'm a lonely boy/I'm a lonely boy/Oh, I gotta love that keeps me waiting.\\" \\"Lonely Boy\\" is instantly one of the best songs of the year.  The Keys don't stop with \\"Lonely Boy,\\" keeping the momentum propelling through the pummeling drums and fat, full bass line of \\"Dead and Gone.\\"  Subtle use of organ creeps into the mix, amping up a retro-soul vibe.  The cut is as consistent as the opener, yielding yet another catchy, well penned refrain.  The Black Keys start off the effort `on fire.'<br /><br />\\"Gold on the Ceiling\\" possesses an exceptional rhythmic scheme, featuring a driving sound.  An array of synthetic and vocal effects help to add some shimmer to this well written cut.  The `garage' oriented sound is superb yielding yet another strong cut.  \\"Little Black Submarines\\" opens wit solely Dan Auerbach's soulful, plaintive vocals supported by acoustic guitar.  Slowly and surely, the track evolves to include more expansive instrumentation, including electric piano patch and drum thud/tambourine combination beginning on the second verse.  Again, more expansion of the scope and sound occurs as organ whirls sneak their way in upon the second refrain following the second verse.  After the slower, more unplugged portion of the song fades away, the track becomes a raucous, gritty old-school rock and roll cut with pummeling drums and killer guitar riffs.  The Black Keys just keep the hits coming and coming and coming.<br /><br />\\"Money Maker\\" benefits from more superb production and songwriting, particularly it's simple, though catchy refrain. \\"Run Right Back,\\" similarly, benefits from the much of the same with the bluesy, edgy guitar sound being a highlight.  The timbre of the lead guitar on \\"Run Right Back\\" is particularly notable and creative. \\"Sister\\" rolls right along, yielding some great drum production where the thud of the kick drum is quite prominent.  The rhythm guitar is panned to the right in the mix, something that inhibits overproduction or too many masses of sounds. As always, Danger Mouse includes synths, organs, and accessory sounds to put the already excellent cut `over-the-top' in quality.<br />\\"Hell of a Season\\" is a valedictory cut, notable for its noisy rhythm guitar alongside one of Auerbach's best vocals of the album. The harmonic progression featured here is simple, though suits The Black Key's `ideal.' The refrain definitely stands out: \\"In this hell of a season/give me more of a reason/to be with you, be with you/say you'll be better/I'll keep waiting forever/you know I do, you know I do...\\" \\"Stop Stop\\" is certainly not to be usurped, with the most overt ode to retro-soul exhibited here.  The harmonic progression is great, and the overall sound can be likened to that of a 1960's Motown song. Most impressive is Auerbach's vocal performance, which is laden with falsetto and unrequited soulful passion.  The groove is not to be undersold either - the track is buttressed by a fat, full bass sound and well produced drums.<br /><br />The album closes as consistently as it began. \\"Nova Baby\\" plays into the 60's garage rock sound like a charm.  The refrain is dynamic thanks to increase of instrumentation and of mere increase of intensity and energy.  Closer \\"Mind Eraser\\" opens with a Motown-alluding 4-on-the floor beat that quickly evolves into a more driving, soul-rock groove.  The only quibble might be that the bass is a bit too loud in the mix, ever so slightly covering Auerbach's vocals.<br /><br />Overall, El Camino is superb.  There are no misses to complain about and very few quibbles to chastise the veteran indie-band for.  The Black Keys deserve every bit of acclaim that is being issued their way.  In a time where originality and authenticity seem `on-the-low,' The Black Keys keep it alive.  Highly, HIGHLY recommended to all music lovers!falsetto and unrequited soulful passion.  The groove is not to be undersold either - the track is buttressed by a fat, full bass sound and well produced drums.   The album closes as consistently as it began. \\"Nova Baby\\" plays into the 60's garage rock sound like a charm.  The refrain is dynamic thanks to increase of instrumentation and of mere increase of intensity and energy.  Closer \\"Mind Eraser\\" opens with a Motown-alluding 4-on-the floor beat that quickly evolves into a more driving, soul-rock groove.  The only quibble might be that the bass is a bit too loud in the mix, ever so slightly covering Auerbach's vocals.    Overall, El Camino is superb.  There are no misses to complain about and very few quibbles to chastise the veteran indie-band for.  The Black Keys deserve every bit of acclaim that is being issued their way.  In a time where originality and authenticity seem `on-the-low,' The Black Keys keep it alive.  Highly, HIGHLY recommended to all music lovers!
B004K8WPUQ|5.0|I bought the Rode Videomic Pro after wasting time with the Azden SMX-20 which I promptly returned because it was tinny and hissy--worse than the stock mic built into my Canon T3i.    As I found out from a helpful video blog, the Canon Rebel suffers from a poor audio input circuit leading to a great deal of hiss when most brands of external mic are used.  The workaround presented in that video is to employ a headphone amplifier in series with the low gain external mic.  This lead me to believe the cure is to use a mic having high gain natively, and the only mic I can find with gain is Videomic Pro.  All mics, at least the ones over $100, should have high gain option, IMO.  Seems to me that a mic which is powered anyway should be designed to also output line-in levels with a switch or tweak of a pot and not limit itself to standard mic levels.  I unpacked the Videomic Pro, popped in a 9V battery, turn it on with +20dB gain, and plugged it into my T3i.  It took me a few minutes to decide the optimal manual mic level for good amplitude and lowest hiss, in between 25-30% maximum.    This mic has virtually no hiss and excellent frequency response.  Even with the high pass filter turned on, it has great bass response.  Voices sound natural.  It illustrates the rotten acoustics of a typical room however, the curse of high sensitivity and low directionality.  It would be nice if it was more highly directional to prevent picking up echoes and non-content coming from the sides and back.    My complaints are that this mic too big and heavy, and the rubber shock mount is too weak for the suspended mass thus making it too bouncy and wobbly.  Despite protruding out a ways, it still picks up lens noise (manual focus is widely recommended for that reason).    To make it perfect, move the battery to the shoe portion of the suspension, perhaps replace it with a lighter battery (stack of button cells), make it much more directional, make the mic body shorter, and the wind screen smaller and removable.  But then it would be a lot more expensive, right?  I'd give it 4-stars not considering price or competition, but have to bump it up to 5-stars because it is such an excellent value for the price and performs so drastically better than a mic list price only $75 less.  Purchased this 'used' (nearly 20% off new price), factory-sealed, dented box and fulfilled by Amazon.  Very fast ship, in perfect condition.  Great savings for a great mic.
B005ZUR724|1.0|I would recommend buying this game if it were updated properly, but if this nonexistent update is any indication of how gameloft is going to run things, Order &amp; Chaos Online is definitely a waste of money. It has been saying that there is supposed to be an update for at least a week.
B005PTQPU0|1.0|I've been a lover of Kate since I played a promo copy of \\"The Kick Inside\\" relentlessly on a Pacifica Radio station in Houston in the 70's as a volunteer DJ. One of the reasons I love her, is that she seemed to cater no one but herself. She was very privileged having her talent recognized at 19 and being put into an artist development program. But that was a double-edged sword.   She has created some of the most wild and wonderful musical moments, but also shared some clunkers that are frankly not that interesting. (Sensual World, The Red Shoes) From a very young age, her reality has been that people are willing to pay money for whatever is going on in her head.  The real problem, she didn't seem to put a lot of effort into this album. It's like she's reading her Costco shopping list while mindlessly improvising on a piano. When she gets too bored with her own music and wants to have someone over for lunch, there's a guest vocalist or two.   \\"Aerial\\" was genuinely moody, quiet, etherial, calm energy, a different direction for Kate. And I loved it. The natural evolution of \\"Cloudbusting\\". This is just laziness. And like the reviewer who called it \\"50 Words for Crap\\" I'm gonna call you on it Kate, this album is BS. A huge disappointment. Seriously! I can't believe this came from the writer of \\"Coffee Homeground\\", \\"Wow\\", \\"The Man with the Child in his Eyes\\", \\"Wuthering Heights\\", \\"Violin\\". WTF is that interesting about 50 words for snow compared to \\"Hammer Horror\\"?  I could do a double-disc album - 100 words for snow by including a few more languages. Maybe add a song about how folding towels reminds me of my mom.    You should hear Lene Lovich 2006 \\"Shadows & Dust\\". An artist who started out as a new wave gimmick, as you did, she has done nothing but grow. With this album, you've shown your true colors as completely self-absorbed and astoundingly privileged.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Hi, there, Kelly. I've never bought one of your albums before, but after listening to a few samples, I realized: you got some skill! So, this album is a late Christmas gift for my wife. :)<br /><br />I hope more talented people like you will stand up for Ron Paul! Thanks for being truthful when so many people just want to keep their heads down.
B006C1DH92|2.0|this game works Great, no freezing glitches none what-so-ever but its definetly not as fun as the original fruit ninja. I don't know what it is about it but the regular mode is just not fun (compared to fruit ninjas since ive played both.) As for the Bandito mode is pretty fun. the bandito mode is a mode that lets you play a variety of fun differebt fruit slicing puzzles (not exactly puzzles but you get my drift) I must admit is very fun but I only play it once a day because of how monotonous and dull it can get. I was able to purchase this app when it was the free game of the day and am very glad I bought it but if I hadn't gotten it then 99 cents is WAY to much for this game,l mean come on two game play options? seriously your better of with fruit ninjas. I personnaly think their just jacking up the price because it has some stupid character from shriek.
B004SBQGHS|5.0|simple game play, attractive graphics, and a habit-forming ease make this a must-have app. the jury may be in on this, but count mine as another vote in favor.
B002OSY2T6|4.0|this toy is very cute! My grand child loved it! You can make it loud or soft which is a nice feature for the adults!
B005E83Y06|1.0|This Kindle edition has necessary illustrations missing, making it virtually impossible to follow the story as Christie wrote it.  Shame on you, Amazon!  The negative review is for this edition only, not for the novel as it was intended to be published and read.
0316010669|1.0|Virtually every supposedly analytical utterance is just an assertion with little logical basis. One could easily have interpreted the presented facts in any of a dozen other ways, drawing some other type of lesson.  Basically, the author lays out dozens of anecdotes and then makes highly dubious remarks about decisions that were made. But it simply doesn't hang together in any coherent way. This is way, way over-hyped.
B004EPYZQ2|5.0|I wont bother with spoilers or a long winded written version of the movie, the trailers are good enough to get an idea of what the movie is about.  Instead I will simply say that this movie is a classic and will be considered so for the remainder of film watching history.  I watched a preview of it recently on Time Warner Cable where the announcer said, \\"Reminds us why we go to the movies,\\" and I cant express how true that statement is.  Though there are mixed reviews on this movie it is important to remember that these are kids taking the place of the main characters in this film and that is no easy task.  Regardless the characters are well drawn and each of them hilarious in their own right.    Aside from the awesome characters and wonderful story there are more technical reasons that make this movie great.  J.J. Abrams' ability to use color and a wide angled shots are abilities that are unrivaled in today's film making community.  When watching this movie look at his amazing ability to use the color blue.  He also seems to have an affinity for the Mid-West and that classic American lifestyle from the sixties and seventies.  His ability to showcase and romanticize that lifestyle is also unrivaled.    Like \\"Star Trek\\" J.J. Abrams has showcased his ability to rejuvenate what made the original so good, and while this movie is no remake it almost feels like an homage to \\"The Goonies.\\"  What made that classic film so fun and memorable are what drive this movie to its five star rating.  This is simply my opinion but I urge anyone looking to have a fun movie night to watch this movie.  It is both fulfilling and exciting.
B001O2S7XA|4.0|My 5 year old really enjoyed this toy! It was fun counting how many flips the cars would make. However, it came apart too easily and wasn't easy to put back together.
B005F3XV62|5.0|MY GRANDCHILDREN COULDN'T QUIT LAUGHING AT THIS MOVIE. IT IS FUNNY AND ENTERTAINING. WE THOROUGHLY ENJOYED THIS ONE. HAD TO HAVE ONE FOR EACH HOUSEHOLD. RECOMMEND.
B0058VW36U|5.0|this game is a cute way of having a monster that loves candy for every meal and every snakwell as we all have sweet tooths. but the things that makes it a game is the rope your finger the candy and last but not least the little green monster.
B0063IH60K|4.0|I play solitaire all the time. I'm so glad it was a free app. I play the game more than I read any of my books.
B0055S348W|4.0|finally compatible with the fire! a few problems with it on fire so far but they seem to be working quickly on fixing them. loved it for my android phone and once the bugs are fixed will love for my kindle fire!
B0066W1AZK|2.0|I started with this product with the the hopes of getting better at chess... I soon found however, that this app sometimes wouldn't allow me to make certain, 100%  legal moves when it would put me at an advantage to the computer. infinitely frusturating.
B004C43F52|1.0|i wold not buy this book if i  were you.        (dont buy this book)
B0063IH60K|5.0|Great game!  Very addictive!  I didn't really know how to play this game until learning on this app.  Thank you for the help and fun at the same time!
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|this game rocks I wish there were a million of them  :).  this game is awesome keep it up you guys.    :)
B004UUKDNA|4.0|A bit bubblegum, very young, low-maintenance for a group (and mastermind, Mark Foster) more than a bit indebted to MGMT, Of Montreal, Destroyer and, yes, Todd Rundgren's early stuff. But perfectly good car-player rolling-fodder on the way home from work, when after all MGMT etc, seem as much effort as the job you just left. A highlight is \\"Waste\\" with nice production and soulful chord-changes ala some of Rundgren's most endearing work. Can't wait to see what Mr Foster does next; he seems to be a rising star.  ****/of 5 stars. Perfect pop. Keep going, bro !
1451627289|2.0|Truthfully, I liked about 3/4's of the book. I liked following the character's life in the past and the love story involved. What I did NOT like was the cop out he took after the big day. Instead of exploring probable repercussions of JFK not dying, King decids to play with the Space/Time continuum and the earth unraveling. I wish I hadn't wasted so many hours to finish it.  I came away feeling unfulfilled and disappointed. First Stephen King novel and last.
B004SJ3BCI|4.0|Love this app. I downloaded it on my KIndle Fire on Christsmas. The whole family loves taking turn playing it.
B0063IH60K|4.0|this app. is cool...just don't like the pop up ads. it is a great way to pass the time,,other than the annoying pop ups.
B004SIP9E2|5.0|I had recentley bought scary movie 1. i love that movie. i got and it was great. i give it 5 stars *****
B004EPYZQ2|5.0|JJ Abrams and Steven Spielberg bring their movie directing talent together for a great adventure which will take you back to the days of great movies like Close Encounters of the third kind, ET, and Goonies.  Enjoy the the adventure they take you on.  My family did.
1439512965|1.0|What is this, Amazon hires Netflix for marketing advice?? This may be fine for its intended audience: college students who use Cliff Notes for their English Lit. courses. But I will never, never buy a re-write if I haven't been duped into doing so. I hope Amazon will take note and change this deplorable marketing strategy. I also hope they will make the original story available. Black eye for Amazon.
B004J4WKTW|5.0|I loved this tale of binding responsibility and love. Here, two kids are chosen to compete in a magical duel, unbeknownst to them! In the book, the characters are delightful, especially the twins! I could see myself in that big magical circus competing against an unknown opponent! Very lyrical writing by a talented author. Just immensely enjoyable. A plus. Go buy it and immediately read.
B003OJBWGK|5.0|This band's sound and lyrics haunt me like the ghost of how my wife felt towards me before we fell out of love with each other. That is why I listen to it nonstop. This might be off-base, but I get a Misfits/Sonic Youth feel from it.
B005I6EU7U|5.0|This is a great cover. It fits with the fire and the people saying otherwise didn't read the product description. The straps cover some of the speakers but it hasn't really affected the sound for me.
B005K17RU0|5.0|app runs perfectly on my thunder bolt.  Gives me great extended outlook and easy to navigate. display is visually appealing as well.
B004EPZ08Y|4.0|Ah, wasn't FD4 the Final?  Not in Hollywood, Baby! Death comes full circle for 5 back to where it all began a decade ago on Flight 108. These not so lucky 8 survivors of a bridge collapse. Find that you can't cheat deaths list or can you? From start to ending 5 doesn't disappoint on the 3D screen with shocking realism!   Must own for any Blu-ray 3D Fan.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|I had not heard about Ms. Clarkson before her endorsement of Dr. Paul. Listening to her music now, knowing there is a heart AND a brain behind makes it pleasant music in my ears.   Be proud my american friends. Be a patriot with your head up high, and please consider Ron Paul.   New Kelly Clarkson fan from Norway.
B006BDHAX0|1.0|Repeatedly crashes my galaxy tablet. Please fix this. It has crashed my tabled 3 times now. Glad it was free or I would be really mad.
B0063IH60K|5.0|responsive,  easy to do.  Has a nice cheat feature that gives you a possible winning combination to keep you from getting frustrated.
B006O5XYWG|5.0|Maybe I'm like hormonal...hit that point in my 20's. I dunno. But the apes were more human to me than the humans. Even Franco. Loved Ceaser. Heard he is up for an Oscar and I really think he deserves it. again, the \\"apes/animations\\" were way better than many human actors out there today. Really really really good. Worth the money.
B002K0WBXW|5.0|Set in New York, Sandra Bullock is a hard-nosed, no-nonsense, heartless boss with no life. Ryan Reynolds is her underling secretary. An INS agent harrasses Bullock. Her out is to be married to stay in the States & not be deported to Canada.<br />Therein begins the romantic comedy. Set mostly in Alsaka, the movie becomes as good as the beautiful Alaskan scenery. Some of it is downright funny; some is tongue & cheek. The ending in inevitable. But, how they arrive there is what makes the story.<br />The two leads are backed up by Craig T. Nelson, Mary Steenburgen, & Betty White in supporting roles. All are good. White is her typical shiny self.<br /><br />Bullock is typically excellent, as is Reynolds. The movie is by no means a chick-flick at all. Anyone would find this 21st century version of the romantic comedy funny & enjoyable.<br /><br />In the end, two adversaries eventually become weak kneed for each other. As mentioned, how they get to that point makes the movie shine. The cast may shine even brighter.
B005IZLPME|5.0|Captain America is the best super-hero movie of 2011. Not only is this a smart and sometimes emotional film, but it's nice to see a hero actually be a hero. Even when Steve Rogers turns into Captain America, he still holds onto his morals throughout the movie. The special effects were very convincing. The movie is set in the 1940s but also has a futuristic feel to it. If you are a die hard fan of Captain America you will not be disappointed. I would rank this movie as one of the best super-hero movies right under The Dark Knight. Make sure you watch the credits because there is a trailer for The Avengers which comes out in 6 months. The Digital Copy for this movie expires on October 25, 2012.
B005KELS6Q|4.0|This is a case that you will find is quite durable and nice and cushy.  It just barely fits my kindle but does fit my tablet nicely.  The kindle I had to wiggle a bit as it is really really tight but it stretches some to make it.  I do like the double zippers and they are not the cheap cheesy ones that will come apart easily which makes this case more reliable.<br /><br />I really thought the color was going to be something bright and not quite me but it's a nice suttle fushia pink that's not to bold.  The gripy part it ultra fantastic so that there really isn't a way for this to escape your hand unless you drop it trying to grab something else.<br /><br />I've come to like the Belkin name quite a bit and this just confirms my acceptance of products that are well made by a company that cares.  Nice thickness, decent color, good grippy section with zippers that really work.  Could have been a smidge larger but I'm not going to complaign.
B004SBQGHS|4.0|This App is just like I thought it was going to be, very addictive. Once you start it is hard to put it down. It's a great time waster. :-)
B0058VW36U|5.0|I have had this game for a few weeks.  I love it!  It is so fun.  My husband is addicted now,  too!
B005LY4B0A|5.0|Have to say I really enjoy this game! The lil bug noises are funny, and runs smooth. Can get frustrating only due to poor foresight on my part. Make sure you take a second to see all the bugs sometimes they are not all in view on screen.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this is very good ex except some of the games didn't make no since to me it was alright and cool
B002ZG981E|5.0|This was a good movie. Manipulating dreams. Manipulating your own and even more scary of a thought influencing others thoughts through dreams. Keeps you interested all the way through.
B000AGTPUU|5.0|This was a great addition to our house for the holidays.  Our kids can watch this over and over they love it every time it is on.
B006BDHAX0|4.0|Executes without issue on Motorola Droid2. I love to play Mahjong. Thank you Amazon for offering this for free app of the day.
B00336C3EY|1.0|Weak boned main character whose disastrous life deteriorates over the course of this odd film.  Everything in this film is mediocre.  Beginning and end of the film bear no relation to the story whatsoever.
B005KAJPY2|5.0|This is a great and fascinating cd. as all of there album are. i think this is the only band that i can honestly say that ronan really put his effort and time into his work. you can hear it with each release. you can hear it in the voice, the lyrics, and everything. VNV Rocks!!!
B0063IH60K|5.0|This game is a lot of fun. It saves you from getting a  deck of cards out. You don't have to play several rounds before you win.
B002MQYOFW|4.0|I read it in 3 days. A page Turner for sure wanting to know what happens next. Lots of stuff is unbelieveable even set in the future.  Some things i was able to semi predict before they happened.  A mix of The Running Man and The Long Walk by Stephen King.  Glad to be able to lend this out for free using the Prime Lending Library.  Will be reading the next one in the series for sure and looking forward to the movie in March.  A good quick read. Not too difficult as it is a youth /teen level book but subject matter is hard to swallow if it was to come true.  May not be appropriate for some kids under 13 due to violent theme and sexual inuendoes and content but its not blatant ir cried ir anything.  A good one in my booklist and yes addicting.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Great album, nice to work to.  I purchased this on iTunes after hearing about Kelly Clarksons support of Ron Paul.
B0058VW36U|5.0|Challenging enough for adults yet simple enough for a 5-year-old.  Fun and addicting.  z z z z z z z
B000001EHS|5.0|Very good cd i am glad i got this one i was looking at a couple outhers and this had all the song i wanted and even a few more than i was looking for so it was a good buy for the one who got it for me for christmas thanks again for haveing it on hear
B006BDHAX0|1.0|Not good. Forced closed on my first game. Turned sound off but would not go off. Lots of work to do here.
B005ARYEPK|5.0|Very very good movie if you do not owen it you should get it will never get old to watch it it is like a good pair of jeans it will never got out of style
B0063IH60K|1.0|I'm with e.long btw we are not sisters were brothers.were both 56 and live in a Sumatra I. Hollywood ahahajajajajahahaha just kiddifng I'm a super model in rome
B002ZG976U|5.0|Very Very good movie this to is a good movie and should have been on more list to get for the holidays and it to is like a good pair of jeans it will never go out of style to have
B0058VW36U|5.0|ilike cheeeeese but I love macho cjlheese oh and this game sucks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,! jk it doesn't its rewlly good like the sun on a cold day hehehehehehe
B0063IH60K|5.0|Great app; five stars; download now. lots of nice options. four score and seven years ago our forefathers said to play this game to pass time
B0063IH60K|4.0|It's got good graphics and I love that you can use your own images for the cards and the background.
B0058VW36U|5.0|very addictiaddictive!!  and just a bit frustrating ... but very fun!!  worth it!  get it! hope you enjoy it!!!!!! :D
B005V2EVBQ|4.0|Positive: Slim profile, looks sharp, stand function seems to work well, feels \\"good\\" in the hands and should offer balanced protection considering how slim it is  Negative: Slim profile thus offers limited protection (mostly abrasion protection), elastic strap useless as hand strap.  I can't be sure but I speculate that the soft material used to \\"hinge\\" the front cover will be the first fail point.  Summary:  Nice looking Fire cover that feels good in the hand.  If you are looking for some protection but are minimally concerned with impacts and other environmental protection this may work well for you.  For example, I will mostly be carrying my Kindle Fire in my work bag and not while mountain biking or something.  I don't expect this cover will last forever but it should do the job nicely for a good while.  Oh, and the stand feature seems to work well!
B0064X7FVE|1.0|If you're in an area where you don't have much need to view weather radar, then this app is as good as any other.  But honestly, you can check current weather and forecasts that are just as accurate with any weather app.<br /><br />The standout value of the Weather Channel has always been the quality of their radar.  If you live in a severe weather area, often the main reason you open your weather app is to see what's happening on radar.  On iOS, Android, and the web, the Weather Channel has always been the clear leader in radar quality, in my opinion.<br /><br />One of the first things I did after opening the Kindle Fire was to grab this app to see how the radar looked on its screen.  After a few minutes of confusion, I searched the web only to find that the maps aren't included on the Kindle Fire.  I'm not sure why this is the case yet, but I have a feeling it has something to do with the walled garden environment of the Kindle Fire.  It may sound like an overstatement, but this really devalues the Kindle Fire in my mind.<br /><br />One other reviewer referred to this app as a port of the iOS Weather Channel app, but it isn't.  It's the Android version of the Weather Channel app, which has a completely different interface.  But WITHOUT MAPS!  Just awful.
B002WJI66C|5.0|Bought this for my daughter who loves Mario.  She loves King Boo and loved this stuffie.  He was a little smaller than I thought but she still enjoys him.
B0063GORYU|5.0|this is a fun and addictive !!! Makes you think and use your brain!!! Not hard to learn and easy to understand
1419702238|5.0|My Daughter requested this for Christmas.  She read it in a few days because she loved it so much.  Great buy!
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|this game is great on kindle fire! you don't even notice the ads.smooth and seriously addictive;) download button is up there, angry adorable birdiez await!! lol
1419702238|5.0|I pre-ordered this book for my 8 year old son for Christmas. For weeks, this book was the only thing he wanted. He even tried to talk relatives into buying it for him. :-) But, We all held him off until Christmas and his smile was HUGE when he opened it! Best part of Christmas Morning. He read it in about 2 days. (He likes to look at the pictures first and then he reads.) He still takes it everywhere we go....just in case. This series if the only series so far that he will read over and over again. He Loves these books. Thanks!
B005ZUR724|1.0|wow i just started playing the game bout a week ago. awesome game the next day a phantom update comes and no1 can play it. thanks gl. i was really expecting better.
B004J4WKTW|5.0|Loved this book. Got to the end, and promptly started it again, because yes, the chronology is sort of confusing, especially when reading on a Kindle. But the 2nd reading just made it a better story. Still loved the fantastical world created by the author. The complicated circus acts, the food, the costumes, the awe-inspiring energy that the Night Circus engendered in its fans. Set aside expectations for traditional literary fiction, and let yourself be carried away -- and have fun reading this. I also purchase a hardcover copy as a holiday gift.
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|This case is all that it is described as being.  It is light, it fits the Kindle Fire nicely and adds little bulk.  It maintains a fairly sleek profile and adds the protection I wanted for my reader.  I also wanted a case and not a sleeve - I hate having to find a place to store a removable sleeve, especially when reading on an airplane.  The stand feature works fine as many others have indicated.  There are some that will prefer a leather-like finish, but my preference is for how it performs, not how it looks.  It is also one of the lower-priced covers available.  If you prefer function over form, this is a good purchase.
B006JPS1OM|4.0|Sometimes have to tap objects several times.  Graphics are good, but a little grainy.  Like that u have to interact w/  some objects.  Overall, a pretty good game, but not sure if it's worth the price for full version.
0783219695|5.0|This was an xmas gift for the family gift exchange. It was exactly what was requested. So I guess it was okay.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|this app has been great and enjoyable for me. I love it. smile like I am right now! reach for the stars.
B004T5K3OK|5.0|Make decent, readable Acrobat-Compatible PDF Documents from your Android phone: How cool is that? Working as a Realtor, sometimes I have surprise documents pop up at closings. Without using my laptop computer or scanner, I can make a very good copy of those documents with my Android smartphone and then email them to our corporate office for review. That's really convenient. I subsequently upgraded to this paid version to avoid the advertising and document restrictions on the free version.
B006BDHAX0|1.0|this app sucks it said error when i tried to install it on my cruz tablet dont get this  game.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Fresh and inspiring, great music, and a perfect voice!  Good Luck, Kelly, we love you and support you in all you do!  Keep up the great work.
1594202842|1.0|.  The problem with Ms. Chua's method is that it works; if you get it into a child's head that achievement is the only way to elicit affection from a parent, and verbal abuse and neglect are acceptable responses for any shortfall, they'll do fabulously in school.   They'll be fantastic at understanding assigned tasks, following directions, and getting results in structured environments. Because all the parameters are clearly defined, and they can compare their results to all other participants. Even better, they'll have a primal drive to succeed that keeps them in line for reasons they don't question. So they won't procrastinate, misbehave or lose their composure. Not as long as the grades are fair, the work is decipherable, and the link between effort and reward seems direct.  And then they leave school.   It takes a long time for them to learn that they never made their own mistakes growing up because they weren't allowed to.    If they're lucky, it only takes a disastrous turn or two at work, in friendships or romantic relationships, before they begin to understand that they're targets in the real world. Not natural born suckers, but made ones.  The unlucky ones never figure it out, and for the rest of their lives, all any bad manager, shady friend, or awful romantic partner has to do is push the same buttons the Tiger Mother did. Charm or command your way into power, mix in a little praise/affection between long spells of indifference or capriciousness, and these poor kids will never stop trying to please. Because it's never your fault. They just need to work harder to solve the problem.  By the way, does that sound like Steve Jobs or Aung San Suu Kyi to you?  Of course not. Tiger children are beautifully behaved in youth, but without a lot of traumatic experience in their early adult years, they never stop being children. They're conditioned to be dependent on whomever grabs the authority role in their lives. And the bad news is, in a competitive world, some pretty rotten people can see these poor souls coming from miles away.  I say this as a person with two degrees from Ivy League schools, and someone who has tutored and managed children of Tiger Mothers in business environments. I have seen how deluded they are, watched them unravel and contend with adolescent struggles for identity in their mid-thirties. They come from all walks of life, both genders, all social classes, and I have great sympathy for them, because they worked so very hard to get so very lost, and it's an awful realization for them to discover that their whole childhood was spent in a reflection of their caregiver's goals and personality.  What Ms. Chua is dealing isn't new, and the results are predictable. Go watch The Royal Tenenbaums, Shine and The Devil's Playground. The children's answers to the Tiger Mother's ideas are there, and they aren't pretty.
B0034G4OVS|5.0|This little gem escaped me I suppose. I'd heard some people tell me about it and decided to check it out when it came on television. I really, really enjoyed it and that's something to say because I am very picky when it comes to films and I am a very tough critic.  At first glance this movie looks like it's gonna be another one of those 20 something flicks with no real point. But it quickly proves me wrong. There is only about fifteen minutes of intro then this movie thrusts into the action and it's nonstop. Once Parker, Dan and Lynch get trapped on the sky lift you're in for an amazing ride.  I won't go into any spoilers because the film's twists is what makes it so good. It's a little gory in some spots and I found myself turning my head constantly whenever someone was in jeopardy because it seemed so real.  The acting is very good and I was impressed by Emma Bell with this being her first film. I think she has the makings of an A-list actress. What I really enjoyed was how the film kept raising the stakes. Every time you thought there would be a boring part coming up (because it usually happens between action) there was something else that happened! Either the trio was fighting amongst each other or their lives were threatened. One way or another these characters force you to put yourself in their shoes. You actually feel your heart pounding with theirs. You feel the fear they have and you feel the terror as if you are right there with them. This movie was amazing and even I am shocked I enjoyed it so much.  This movie will knock your socks off and you will be biting your fingernails at what happens next. Even the calm moments will send tingles up your spine. If you enjoyed films like Twister, Cliffhanger and Alive then you will definitely love this movie.  I recommend this movie to anyone who loves, constant action, compelling acting, tension, terror and excitement. It might seem like I am pouring it on thick but believe me, give it a chance. You will not be disappointed one bit.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I like the Android version of this software better than the ios version.  I mainly use it as a recipe book.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Kelly, I want to let you know I've been a fan for a long time. I've been listening to you since you won on American Idol. I truly love your voice and the passion in your songs. Your voice is exceptional!My kids love you because of me. Also, thank you for voicing your \\"opinion\\" on how you feel about Ron Paul and why. It's awesome to know that you are real and aren't afraid to voice what you feel and what you believe in. Stay true to yourself always. :) I can't wait to receive my CD! Yay!!
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|I think this case sounds great and I'm excited to order one- I was just wondering if the side of the Kindle gets scratched when it is placed in the case.  Thanks!
B004XZ99LO|5.0|Watched this in 3D and I really wish they will make more.  I love Cirque du Soleil and have watched many shows when they in town or in Vegas when I travel.  This one is pretty good visually.  I would definitely prefer this one in 3D over 2D.
B005HSL626|4.0|I would've given this app five stars, but now I just cant get on it. whenever I try to get on, it just takes me back to my Kfire's homepage.
B000FC13E0|5.0|Scary, but very lovable ebook; proud to have it in my FIRES library.
B006JPS1OM|5.0|Great App!! Great find! Well worth my time and fun to play! Recommend to anyone who likes I spy or look and find games.
0553801473|4.0|I really enjoyed the series a great deal.  However, it is as frustrating as it is brilliant and entertaining.  For the series in general, you spend lots of time meandering with characters you don't care about that often end nowhere.  That trend gathers steam as the books progress.<br /><br />You will live to read that next chapter about the character you do care about, only to get some new character that broadens the focus instead of moving it along.  Someone who reviewed one of the earlier books wrote something like \\"you can read these books, but they won't make you happy\\".  The characters you want to read about either die or are ignored, and that is a little painful.<br /><br />In the last two books specifically, it is amazing how little can happen in roughly 1200 pages.  At this pace, it should only be about another 40 years or so until anything is resolved.  The timeline is really strange and just adds to the other annoying things about the series.  I would combine the last two books and cut out about 50% of the stuff.<br /><br />So why the 4 stars?  I am not entirely sure, but I did stick with it.  I will read the next one.  It is often insightful, brilliant, and unique.  If he would just reduce the breadth a little, focus a more on the remaining characters from the first 3 books (and stop killing them off!!).  Then of course give us more of the remaining Starks (especially Arya) it would be one of the best reads ever.  It still may be, but boy am I frustrated to know that it will most likely be another 5 years before I get to be frustrated again!!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love this app. It helps me stay in the Word any where I go and is generally very easy to use.  Very encouraging support to help you stay on your reading plan. The only problem I have with the app is in the 'support' for readers/users who are not behind but actually ahead of their readind plan. The suggestions are inappropriate as they are all focused on helping you get caught up. This is a minor detail in the overall quality of the app and it's priced right! Great ministry; great service to believers!
B004L03B3S|2.0|This film had so much potential but simply did not live up to it.  First off the musical score is the absolute worst, like something from an early '80's movie of the week.  Next too much time was spent in childhood with emphasis on the parents, who have little to no impact on the incestuous brothers in adulthood.  So one has to ask why such time was spent on them in the first place.  The subject matter of the film could have been really interesting but in that this film exists in some bizarro-world where pretty much everyone involved in the brother's lives seem just about 100% ok with their relationship that shatters social mores of both homosexuality as well as incest.  That alone makes it seem too unbelievable, especially all the family members.  Of course some of this can be forgiven whenever the two incredibly attractive leads romantically cavort, but overall does not make up for the films flaws.
B001C46P2K|5.0|What a beautiful story of love and romance.  After the first time I saw this movie I couldn't wait to see it again.  This is one I will watch over and over for years.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|wonderful app. I keep everything in here. and it's backed up on line. wish it had a smiley face arson.
B006NHRN86|5.0|This was the best episode yet on the edge nail biting excitement!  Bravo Primeval writers!  Keep up the good work you are on the right track can't wait for the next one! Way to go !
B0066W1AZK|5.0|this is a good app for beginner chess players it shows how they move and how they attack did you know chess was invented in the 1800 hundreds!!!
B0063IH60K|5.0|Really fun game. I start playing for &quot;a quick game&quot; then suddenly a couple hours just fly by. heehee!  Easy to just kick back, relax &amp; get lost in the game.
B005OK722U|1.0|This Hostel is just plain bad. Does not have to Eli Roth touch, and Mr. Kelly said it very clearly without elaborating. He really got to the point. This movie is simply a waste of time without any good qualities. Not suspenseful and a mish mash of a story does not add up. Finally the end to the franchise. At least it should be.
B000UD08HW|5.0|I own a lot of Pink Floyd video and audio... and quite a few Blu Ray concerts.  This performance is amazing...simply amazing.  The sound and picture are unrivaled.  Crystal clear superb definition.  The setting is fantastic, just classy.  And David Gilmore's performance is one of his best!  Not as encompassing and riveting as the Momentary Lapse of Reason tour, but more like an almost unplugged laid back feel.  David's guitar licks are much more to the point and natural.... and the man is infallible!  Just mesmerizing perfection.  Not to mention one of Richard Wright's final performances making it all that more special.  Definitely one to add to your collection... or maybe make you a fan!!!!
0061191981|5.0|I read this book years ago and really enjoyed it. I was reminded of it recently, and so ordered a copy so my girlfriend, who is a fan of Chef Ramsay, could read it. Anyway, this book really takes a look at the life and times of Chef Ramsay, from his childhood until modern day (at least modern day circa 2006/2007). I like the fact that it is written in Chef Ramsay's own voice, seemingly. You really learn to appreciate how his upbringing in a dysfunctional family with an alcoholic musician father and a junkie brother had an impact on his own choices. It really drove him to pursue his dreams regardless of how difficult or unlikely those dreams might be to achieve. It is truly a story of perseverance and dedication, and i consider his story to be an inspirational one. You may love him or hate him, but after reading this book, you will see him as the genuine human being that he is. I highly recommend reading this book.<br /><br />Enjoy!
B004DLPXAO|1.0|Like a few others, I've found that this app is way too big even after moving it to SD. I have a phone with very limited internal memory, and thus have no choice but to uninstall. Please fix this, as I did love this app before it became bloated.
B001KZOUQE|4.0|And I say it's a great movie in spite of the fact the half the movie appeared to be filmed with a hand-held camera being operated by someone suffering from the dt's.  The annoying jerkiness of much of the movie aside, everything else was top-notch.  The character development in this film was one of the most appealing things about it.  I'm not the biggest football fan in the world, but I thoroughly enjoyed this movie.  It's filled with both heroes and villains, and a couple of villains who turn out to be heroes.  You won't go wrong in making this one your entertainment choice for the evening.  The blu-ray transfer was excellent.  From reading some of the 1 star reviews, it looks like the filmmakers took significant - and in many cases - completely unnecessary liberties with the actual, real life storyline.  As someone who was unfamiliar with the actual storyline, this didn't detract from my enjoyment of the film, but if you know the real story or have read the book, your own viewing experience will likely be diminished as a result.
B001UV4XIS|3.0|But if it had been broken down in to 4 parts, you would have bought it, wouldn't you? And they know that. Yes, the book was long, but that's the book. (I thought that dragged on more than necessary as well, but I'm not the author!) For the sake of moving it along, parts 1 & 2 SHOULD have been combined. Let people complain that parts from the book were missed: THIS IS A MOVIE! So, move it. Hated part 1. Part 2 definitely better. They missed the chance to make 1 fantastic movie. Didn't miss the chance to make money, did they? Oh well, nothing to do about it now. We all knew we'd buy it!
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|I have always loved the music of Kelly Clarkson, she's extremely talented and she has such a beautiful smile, now she's a hero to millions for her courage in speaking out in favor of Ron Paul. Kelly is a friend of Liberty!
B00402FGEE|5.0|SGU is spectacular on blu-ray, and is a must have if you watched the series or love stargate. Star Gate Universe must be watched on blu-ray if your a fan.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Not much to say. If you like solitaire you'll like this app. There are ads but not to the point where it ruins the game.
B004LUHQ1G|4.0|Love the Foo Fighters Cd! Its awesome   I didnt like the Cd cover it came with   I wish they made Cd in Jewel cases again
B005HSL626|5.0|I can't stop playing this game.With three modes,the the fun never ends!Also,the dojo is cool with the blades and backgrounds.
B005V2EVBQ|1.0|This is the worst, most terrible, horrible, difficult to use, expensive, overpriced, misleading, piece of lala, junkie, dunkie, terrible, horrible (oh I already said) that, might break your Kindle if you take it out because it is so hard to use, waste of plastic on the planet.<br /><br />Did I mention that I hate this product?  First of all, the instructions are on a little piece of paper, impossible to understand with no writing.  For the $29+ price tag, you'd think we could get some decent instructions here.  Ok, you say, it's not that hard to insert a Kindle (true), but it is hard to take it out, and you can possible DROP your Kindle because it is so difficult to pop the darn thing out.<br /><br />Second, it is very flimsy to stand up your Kindle.  It is a miracle of modern engineering that this cover is both too rigid in terms of putting the Kindle in / out and too flimsy in terms of standing it up.<br /><br />Third, because we have multiple Kindles, my girls ordered a different type - which was cheaper AND far, far superior.  (Read my review on those - just click on my profile).  So, Daddy is sending this puppy back to Amazon and wherever naughty, bad, terrible, no good, rip off, horrible covers live, and getting the much more durable, easier to use, and cooler Kindles that his daughters (who think this is hilarious) have.<br /><br />I hate this product.  It makes me feel inferior (impossible to get the Kindle in/ out), insecure (my daughters' Kindle covers are way better), and misled (it seemed so good based on the reviews of people who evidently only have had one cover experience.).<br /><br />Don't believe me?  Order it, but don't blame me when you break your Kindle by popping it out so hard that it flies onto the floor.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|great app so many options and all for free. I would even pay for this Bible. I have it on my cell, Pc and kindle fire.
B000M341QE|5.0|My husband rented and raved about this film, which of course made me think it would be nothing but bloody, mindless action but on a grueling, 39-hour trip back from the other side of the planet this week, I ran out of movie options on the last flight. On the last 3 hours back to the States, after making it through about 5 disappointing minutes of Sherlock Holmes, I killed it, bit the bullet and played this movie. I never moved from my seat for the entire length of this flick. This is by far the best action movie I've seen in a really long time, with an actual plot, and everyone in it delivered a top shelf performance. The soundtrack was perfect also. I saw one disparaging review on this site; my advice is to ignore that and rent the movie first if you have any doubts.
B006LRUVUA|4.0|The only reason I give it four stars is that unlike the full computer versions, the Android App version uses tcp port 5938 by default (not tcp/80)and cannot be changed.  I have already encountered two wireless networks where this port was blocked, so the App would not work.    An e-mail response from Teamviewer indicated that it could change in future versions, but there is no guarantee.    [...]
B005V1WZ10|1.0|So, this album has an average 4-star rating here on Amazon. That's right. The effort put forth on this album is regarded to be as strong as \\"Follow the Leader\\" and \\"Issues\\".<br /><br />Really?<br /><br />Seriously, people, are you HONESTLY going to tell me this is even in the same zip-code as either \\"Leader\\" or \\"Issues\\"? Here you have a collection of ten three-minute tracks that are no more unique than any of the garbage that came off of Korn III, yet people are willing to call it a 'bold experiment'? All that rizz-razz funky techno nonsense is alarmingly annoying, but at least it covers up some of the terrible choruses that JD must have settled on as \\"good enough for who it's for.\\" Believe me, it's YOU, the listener shelling out your hard-earned money to afford this album who is the subject of \\"who it's for\\".<br /><br />I would have given this album two stars because \\"Get up\\" and \\"Sanctuary\\" are at least tolerable if you need something to listen to while clipping your toenails, but since I'm embarrassed that Amazon listeners have ranked this up there with two iconic albums from a burned out band, I gave it one in an effort to bring it back down to reality.
B0055SWM08|5.0|Creative traps and interesting game mechanics make Quell a relaxing play while keeping one's mind active. Fallen Tree Games gives us another keeper.
B003NHRIUW|1.0|I read the book from Nicholas sparks some time ago ,which is a great book with unique  love ,rare description of characters , of thought ,way of life, 4.8 out of 5.<br />The film does not resemble the book in most of its topics, the story is twisted around ,the cast does not fit the characters described in the book at all, performing and selection of cast to the film is out of place and their acting is shameful and miserable.<br />I read Dear John before seeing the film and I saw it 4 times thereafter ,a great performance a great acting geniuses selection of participants-Amanda Seyfried  is brilliant and so is John's father and the rest of a crew,5.1 out of 5<br />The director July Ann Robinson and screenplay Jeff Van Wie needs to look for a different job.<br />This film is a shameful feature to the his !
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|love it :) but I like the regular version better :( sorry but that is my opinion I still love angry birds :)
B0042U94UQ|5.0|My husband I are were reluctant to watch this movie, but I am so very glad that we did!!! It was one of the cutest movies, full of laughs! We could watch it over and over and over again! Sooooo not a waste of money
B004MC8CA2|5.0|very useful to compare translations.  also like the reading plans which help to develop the discipline of daily reading.  also useful to see other languages.
B0063GORYU|5.0|spider is one of the most chalanging games I play.it is a great way of passing time.I really enjoy it.
B004FOA84A|5.0|If u have a couple hours to kill, this game is a lot of fun.  For a dollar, don't go looking for 30 hours of game play, just s little time killer.  The ending is goofy but the puzzles are fun.  It was worth my buck.  It was better than anything u would find at dollar tree and no tax!  lol
B006KX3GXO|4.0|this one looks pretty neat even tho i have not got the app yet as i can see from the photos looks easy 2 use I'm gonna get this when i get my money it reminds me of pics from my fav site weheartit.com
B0063IH60K|5.0|I really like this game.  I prefer playing games on my own, so this one is great.  It's so much easier with a touch screen.
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|Love this cover for my amazon fire! I love that it has a stand so I can set on a flat surface to watch movies. I would reccomend this cover for your fire.
B005ORVMT2|2.0|I was going to purchase the 3 Sector box sets but I was trying to figure out just exactly how these discs were done. The product details here at the Amazon site as well as on the official RUSH website were a bit confusing. So I sent and e-mail to the lovely folks at the RUSH site and was presented with the following information:    Thanks for your email.      All the technical information we have from the production company, is as   follows:      All of the CDs were transferred from the analog tapes and mastered at   44.1kHz/24-bit by Andy VanDette at Masterdisk.       We also transferred and mastered the audio at 96kHz/24-bit and will be featuring   the entire Rush Mercury Records catalog at HDTracks.com for digital download in   this high resolution audiophile format.      The DVD discs in each Sector will feature newly mixed 5.1 surround sound   transferred from the original multi-track tapes and mixed by Richard Chycki   under Alex Lifeson's supervision.  The DVD discs are playable on both DVD-Audio   and DVD-Video players, the former as audiophile 96k/24-bit uncompressed 5.1   surround and stereo and the latter as 48k/24-bit Dolby Digital 5.1 surround and   stereo files.      Thanks and have a nice day.      Yours,   --   Customer Service Team   Showtech Merchandising Inc.   [...]    They are on STANDARD CD's which can only be played at 44.1k/16bit...even though the CD's were mastered at 44.1k/24bit they were dithered down. The only TRUE Hi Def albums in this set are the ones done in the 5.1 format. Though it's nice to see them offering all the albums for download in 96k/24bit, which is what I'll wait for.    Once again, another truely disappointing boxset which should have delivered the goods in one shot as advertised.     The reason I did this research is because I recently purchased the two Pink Floyd Immersion sets for Dark Side and Wish You Were Here. Both advertised as HI DEF REMASTERS only to find that the only way to listen to the HI DEF remasters is toown a BLU-RAY player, which I don't. Though I do own an OPPO Universal disc player that plays DVD/DVD-A/SACD/CD and just about everything else sans Blu Ray. Instead of putting the HD remasters on a DVD, like Rush did they only but standard resolution DOLBY versions on those, very lame. I know the whole FLOYD catalog was REMASTERED but these sets were the only ones advertised as HD versions. And, honestly the only reason I bought them was for the original Alan Parson mixes for Dark Side and the Quad mixes for both albums.    Honestly, all these albums should be on the SACD format, which kicks ass over any other format I've heard. Wish You Were Here on SACD is far superior to anything else. Would love to hear 2112 or Hemispheres on SACD.
B006NXIO7O|5.0|I saw the reviews and was unsure if I was going to like it. But this is a great, fun flick.
B004DLPXAO|5.0|this app turns your android tablet into a kindle right when u click on it!!!!!This app is awsome i would rate it 15,000,000 stars
B006BDHAX0|1.0|for no apparent reason, mid game, the app will close and go back to the &quot;all apps&quot; screen. uninstall. glad i didnt waste money
B0063IH60K|5.0|fast, simple, and easy to use. which is exactly what a solitaire game should be... and it is free... you can't beat that.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|I don't normally buy music, just what I hear on the radio or Pandora. However, I was telling my wife about how Kelly Clarkson supported Ron Paul on Twitter. My wife suggested that we buy this album for our daughter who is a Clarkson fan. So, here we are, buying it to show some love back to Kelly Clarkson for her support. My daughter is stoked to know she is getting this album.
B0011Z52EW|5.0|This is my favorite MCR album. There is not a bad song on it. It is their powerhouse album. The vocals and song style improved tremendously from their last album. A must buy!
0385737955|5.0|Dashner does a great job of introducing the characters and the plot. I loved how short the chapters were and how at the end of each one there was a cliff hanger to make you keep reading. I encourage others to read this book. I really liked Theresa, Minho and Newt, more than I liked Thomas. It's an easy read for kids 11 and up.
B0015DROBO|4.0|I got a Kindle for Christmas, and instantly wanted to read this book before watching the movie. I have talked to other people who have read this book, and they recommended it. I have to be honest and say that I was 40% into the book before it really hooked me. I almost gave up on it several times, but was really glad I stuck with it. Very interesting story!
0385738773|3.0|Although the story kept me interested throughout the whole book, I was disappointed. I did not like how Dashner killed off one of my favorite characters Newt. I thought it was unecessary. I also thought that it would have been better if Thomas had undergone the quick surgery to get his memories back. I felt that it would have answered more questions. The ending felt rushed and I still felt like I was hanging at the end. The first two books were excellent. I have given this three stars, because I liked the first two books and having a family member that is a writer, I know that endings are hard to write.
B0011Z5IIC|5.0|I bought this album for myself. I love MCR, and this album is excellent. It is raw and passionate. I bought it for the song \\"I'm not ok\\", but fell in love with the rest of the album.
B003MC5N28|5.0|The Giver is a book about a boy, Jonas, living in an idealistic society. I enjoyed this book because it made me think. It was also, in my opinion, well written and quite interesting. Other people who wrote reviews stated that the book \\"was boring,\\" \\"wasn't appropriate for children,\\" or \\"was poorly written.\\" One even said that this book would turn kids off from reading. Some books are written to make you think, not to make you go off and buy the sequel. I liked the simplicity, too, and thought it reflected the society in which the book took place. Personally, I would recommend this book to a person who has the ability to think about somewhat deep topics. Regardless of your age or gender, The Giver is a book that will leave you thinking.
B003UIRWAU|3.0|Side One<br />1  She Knows Gorham, Lynott 5:12<br />  2  Night Life Lynott 3:57<br />  3  It's Only Money Lynott 2:47<br />  4  Still in Love With You Lynott 5:38<br />  5  Frankie Carroll Lynott 2:02<br />Side Two<br />  6  Showdown Lynott 4:31<br />  7  Banshee Lynott 1:26<br />  8  Philomena Lynott 3:42<br />  9  Sha-La-La Downey, Lynott 3:25<br />  10  Dear Heart Lynott 4:31
B005HQ5S3G|4.0|Thank you for your support of Dr. Ron Paul. As you can see by the album sales we fully support you. Life, Liberty, and Freedom are well worth standing for. You should consider a song for Doctor Paul. We will see to it making number one. We love you too!
B006BDHAX0|3.0|i have this app on Android kyros and its a good game except the random shutdowns every 3 mins into the game...when they released monopoly it wouldnt even load :/
0307888681|5.0|Purchased this book for my 13 yr old son.  He doesn't enjoy reading but loves this book.  It is a great book for boys who dislike reading.
B005EWDA9M|2.0|Started with high hopes and willing to suspend disbelief in fanciful plotting but it was an effort to complete the third book of the trilogy. Disappointing denouement. Characters came to life but the whole thing was fairly pointless.
B005PTQPU0|5.0|Some of the reviews in the music press have not raved about this album but I love it. Just about every song has something to say. I love the collaboration with Elton John (Snowed in at Wheeler Street) - it works brilliantly. This album complements earlier releases such as Aerial.
630463949X|5.0|I bought The Dance and the Live in Boston dvd's at the same time.  The Dance is ...  A W E S O M E.  Fleetwood Mac in the 1970's were so over promoted- I liked them, but they had almost become bubble gum pop (to me) after all the incessant radio play.  But!  Now! This is one of my top 3 dvd shows (in my collection of 20+).  If you ever liked just ONE Fleetwood Mac song- then you need to get this dvd.  And according to my research- Christine Perfect (maiden name) McVie is around 53 years old-- and her presence on stage gives me thrills.  Christine is not in the Live in Boston show and her absence became obvious- by comparison with The Dance show.<br />BTW: the other 2 of my top 3 are-- Joe Bonamassa at the Royal Albert Hall and Tina Turner One Last Time (Wembley Stadium).
B00004RFCM|5.0|I am pleased with my purhase. It came in a timely matter. The dvds<br /> were in great quality. Will buy again from them
B005DOKK7Q|5.0|It was pretty tough picking which sleeve or cover I wanted for my new fire - something not too pricey and something that will protect my kindle well.  This sleeve fits the bill.  The kindle fits quite snugly inside the sleeve, so there's no slipping around, and the inside is lined with some kind of thin foam covered with what appears to be stretch cotton.  The interior is smooth and has no rough spots, loose hard threading or anything that will scratch my kindle from the inside.  The outside zipper is easy to use, and it's easy to remove the kindle without running the risk of it falling out once you unzip (unless you're holding it upside-down, I suppose).  The only downside is that it's not a sleeve made to endure rough wear and tear.  It appears it will be able to survive a short drop on to carpeting, but without a hard shell exterior, it probably wouldn't survive some more extreme accidents.  With careful handling, though, this sleeve really gets the job done.
B004EPYZXK|2.0|We ordered this on pay per view last night!! I agreed because I knew my husband really gets into space stuff and NASA.  This movie was not what I thought it was going to be.  The last 10 minutes was best oart and honestly those were not all that great.
B005ZUR724|1.0|1 star because of crappy information, no call #, no indications to customers of updates, if they would at least post something to show that they are working on fixing the problem with the Kindle Fire, than I would have no complaints.....work on customer support. good game when working don't ruin it!!!! :P
B004SBQGHS|5.0|We read the reviews and decided on the 99 cent version for our Kindle Fire, understanding it wasn't exactly ad-free.  So far we're pleased.  The play is very much like the version on iPad, and the graphics are really clear.  The ads (which are exclusively angry bird-related) appear only in between levels and they are static and unobtrusive.  We didn't try the free version, but we are perfectly pleased with our low-dollar purchase.
0316056863|5.0|Absolutely LOVE this book... Tina's ability to provide insight into the angst of childhood -- and finding your way in the world is truly unique. Her brand of humor and sarcasm is not for everyone... have to chuckle at the negative reviews, cause it makes me think \\"hello, obviously you don't get it!\\" What she's saying in this book is soooo F-king funny and sooo real to me and my own life. I relate so much to her experience -- the challenges that she faced in making her way in the world. She made it all incredibly interesting and funny, with her ability to craft the perfect phrasing and expression of what it must've felt like to be in her shoes, experiencing where her life was taking her. I could relate to it all... it was so refreshing to learn that many of my own struggles in life were shared by a woman who I admire for having made a place for herself in a good-ole-boy network of show bidness. Go for it Tina baby. You rock, girlfriend.
0321544080|3.0|This is Joe McNally's most recent book.<br /><br />I was disappointed in it. Sure, Joe is an amazing photographer, and a decent teacher. But the \\"secrets\\" were not all that enlightening.<br /><br />Plus, the images, while beautiful, were old. I've got several of McNally's earlier books, and I've seen the images before. Some where from his earliest days as a professional. I was expecting more fresh images and fresh ideas.<br /><br />Not his best book.
0802473156|5.0|The 5 Love Languages is a must read for all couples (yes, that means the husband, too!)  Recommended by our Christian counselor.  Gary Chapman has written \\"Love Language\\" books for all...really good to know information that can be applied for any relationship...parent-child, husband-wife, family.  Interesting to learn what my love language is and that of my husband, and what it takes to keep our love tanks full.
B006BDHAX0|2.0|I downloaded this game for free, thinking it would be better than the free mahjong app I had already downloaded. Other reviews claimed this app had a freeze/shutdown issue, but I didn't experience this issue. the graphics are just not as good and the interface is not as fluid as other apps available for free in the market. If you get it while it is still free, you might like it. But definitely don't waste your money on it.
B006J420UE|5.0|It's not the fastest, but it's the funnest! I haven't been inspired by a new computer in quite a while. But this paired with a beta of Windows 8, and several new Linux/FreeBSD distributions has been the most fun that I have had in nearly forever. As far as what I would have wanted to know before I purchased the product??? Are the best AMD processors from 2012 going to fit in the same motherboard, namely the ASUS F1A75-V Pro Socket FM1 AMD A75 (Hudson D3) HDMI SATA 6Gb/s USB 3.0 ATX AMD Motherboard??? I don't know, but I'll let you know when I find out.
B0063IH60K|5.0|its a very good game. it works for the kindle fire. its really good and u get to customise the card deck and backrounds.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is my favorite game on my kindle fire! I love how you can always just go and play another game when you get bored with the one you're playing
B000XUBFE2|2.0|I was hesitant about the price of $9.99, but got it anyways. I opened to the first chapter and it was very confusing. I figured I would push through it and maybe the next chapter would be better. For me,it was very hard to understand. Especially when the boy died, that made no sense whatsoever. His lips were in need of repainting? Why did he put his hand over his mouth? Why did he die? Never told us. I read through part one and didn't finish it. Worst waste of 10 bucks ever.
B0055SWM08|4.0|fun game challenging and addictive Good times lol recommend to friends and family many different levels for loads of game play
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|I bought my daughter the Kindle Fire for Christmas and was looking for a case.  I read the reviews and saw some that were not so favorable.  I went ahead and bought it.  It turns out that it was a pretty good case.  I don't think that it was cheap looking or anything.  I liked it because it was thin.  The Kindle snapped right into it.  I also like that it gives a book feel.  I like the strap that keeps it shut also.
B00631VJIC|5.0|This CD just like the series Sons Of Anarchy is awesome. As you listen to each track it brings you back to a past episode and draws your back in. Each track on this CD is as different and interesting as the characters in the show. Just awesome.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|the game is just ok nothing more or less, and now I'm outing in words to fill he minimum requirement
B001N26GFM|5.0|I really enjoyed this movie.  It's very brutal at times.  But the actors do a brillant job telling the story.  In part of the story the mother has to choose what she knows is right against her husband who runs the camp where they gas the jews.  But what I really thought was brilliant in the movie was the friendship and the how you never know what going to happen unless you walk in someone else's shoes.  I would recommend this movie and let your teenagers watch it for history and to appreciate the life they live  here in the United States Freedom.
B0060AY6FO|5.0|I am a PD James fan, so at first was disappointed that her latest was not a new Dagliesh. And while I enjoy the Austin films on Masterpiece, I have not read her since teen-hood; a recent attempt at Mansfield Park ended in the third chapter. But I enjoyed this book tremendously. James manages to mimic the Austin style without being tedious, the characters are lovingly updated and the story engaging. I expect most would find the mystery isn't that intricate, but I found it stimulating enough and could not put the book (rater, kindle) down.
B00001QEE6|5.0|Lady and the Tramp is one of Disney's finest films. My daughter has wanted to get this forever, but I couldn't find it. Finally, it is being re-released in February of this year (2012) and I just pre-ordered it for $24.99 from Amazon. Not sure why this seller is pricing it at 3x that.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|We downloaded the free version for our tween's new Kindle Fire and everyone (from age 9 to 74) has had a blast playing the game which has many levels and challenges.  The graphics and sounds are great too.
B004SUWR2C|1.0|Just downloaded this game and I can not even click to play one single game. Its not responding to me clicking to start any game!! this really sucks because I payed for it and I can not even play it! hope they fix this soon!!!
1609611543|5.0|Excellent book.  Dr Davis connects wheat and other glutenous grains to a wide range of health problems, and provides lots of guidance and encouragement for cutting addiction to gluten.
B000OZ0NXA|1.0|This was my first attempt at a \\"Jack Reacher\\" novel, and my last. The overwhelmingly great reviews it has achieved motivated my purchase. What a mistake. Reading it is like plodding through wet Georgia clay on a hot, steamy summer day. Relentless and not worth the effort. First, the writing style--amateurish beyond belief. Consisting almost entirely of short, simple sentences; as if his audience would not be able to grasp anything more complex than \\"He stood up.\\" Then, there's the use of the word \\"shrugged.\\"  No fewer than 120 times in the 200 or so pages! It gets so you dread turning the page, lest another \\"he shrugged\\" slap you in the face. It's a sign the author has neither the patience nor the vocabulary to give adequate descriptions to his one-dimensional characters. And what characters! \\"One-dimensional\\" is being kind. The men are either bold, strong, tough lawmen, or weak, sweaty, fat villains. Guess which ones the women go for? The story line is predictable to a fault. After all, the main character, who has to go on to more first-person adventures cranked out at breakneck pace by this author, is not going to succumb to a mere 3 or 4 three-hundred pound attackers. Save your money and your time; go for the likes of Nelson deMille and Daniel Silva, if you want to see what a well-crafted thriller is all about.
B004EPYZQ2|5.0|Great movie for the whole family. Feels like Goonies and Close Encounters of the 3rd Kind. JJ Abrams has refined his craft and made his best movie to date.
B000VNMMQG|5.0|Very satisfied with the seller!!!  AS for as the Movie, I only watch portions of it.  I keep falling asleep on it.  Don't keep my attention.
B003TXSF5C|4.0|The best description of the historical development of science I've read, from the Greeks to M-theory. Unfortunately it's limited to a materialistic view of the universe. The god that Hawking \\"eliminates\\" is a small god, limited by his own creation. The God he aimed at (and missed) exists outside of, and separate from, the M-theory multi-universe he has created. For a further discussion, I recommend \\"God and Stephen Hawking\\" by John Lennox.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love this Bible app.  I downloaded onto my Fire  several weeks ago and liked it but it was difficult at times until the update.  All the little issues I was having are gone!  Great app highly recommend.
B005ZUR724|1.0|this game.deserves 5 stars unfortunately it requires an update to play that is strangely unavailable.  will change review to five stars when the update is fixed and I'm able to play.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|fun game! one of the best free games out there although some games are too hard. I recommend this game for all ages
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Sadly, I haven't really given thought to Kelly Clarkson or her music. When I saw that she came out in support of Ron Paul, I bought her CD on principal -to show my support. However, after buying the CD, I can honestly say that I really like her music. I would have never known this, had she not shown the courage to come out in support of Ron Paul. I will be buying my children a copy each and maybe even her other albums as well. Kelly, you are not alone in your support of Ron Paul, regardless of how the media tries to downplay his popularity and that of the message he espouses.   Of course there will be strong opposition from those who are benefiting from the gravy-train that is our current corrupted status-qua. However, this kicking and screaming should not deter us, as it is natural and should be expected. Just like with heroin addicts who will lie, cheat, steal, kick and scream to keep feeding their greedy habits, even at the expense of everyone else, so too will the entities, interests and people who are currently benefiting from the corruption of our current system. For far too long, the pillaging of this country has been relatively easy and only becoming more so with the passage of time, as is evident with the unbelievably bold TARP robbery (among everything else). Now however, a man with principals comes to the forefront and the gravy-train is threatened. Ron Paul, who isn't so easily bought off or eager to game the system at everyone else's expense, starts to look like a real wrench in the cog-wheels of the all too familiar machination.   The media, unfortunately, is part of that machination. Need one be reminded that this is the same media that contributed to the deaths of thousands of our brave soldiers in Iraq, by perpetuating the lies spewed by both of the so-called \\"left\\" and \\"right\\". First, the lie that Iraq was behind 9/11. Then the lie that Iraq had WMD and now the lie that Obama has ended the war in Iraq.   Anyway, I would definitely recommend this album!   Ron Paul 2012!!!!
0439023513|4.0|It was hard making it through the book, simply because it is quite depressing, very realistic, though still depressing. At the same time I never knew how the book would end! You read and have this gut-wreching feeling that ask's \\"will this story end the way I want it to end?\\" and in many ways it did, though the journey wasn't that easy. I actually shed a few tears when I read the final two sentences before the epilogue. Will reread for years to come!
B0052UYJDC|5.0|This book is an inspiring collection of articles. It has truly changed my life! I'm so 'over' the consumer lifestyle. I was the person that was always looking for what to buy next. It's exhausting and not at all fulfilling. I am so glad I have rid my home of the useless 'stuff' that once laid around! I have no clutter!   I'm so grateful that I picked this read.  I (obviously) highly recommend this one!!
030746363X|5.0|I had that slow-gain, middle-aged 20 lbs.  that was very difficult to lose.  I tried the slow carb diet in this book and it worked great.  The cheat day is awesome.  I don't feel like I have to wait 6 months to eat something I crave.  I only have to wait a maximum of 6 days.  Mr. Ferriss is correct, if you follow it, it works.  Highly recommend if only for the diet!
B002BSHXJA|5.0|For the last few years, money has been tight.  So understand that I'm basing this review strictly on hearing the recordings, borrowed from my local library.  Unfortunately, the artwork is not available to me yet until I plunk down the money for it.  Which I will.  A number of years ago, Pink Floyd released a very nice (and very pricey) edition of Piper Of The Gates Of Dawn, with both stereo and original mono mixes.  That was mindblowing.  I kept thinking, \\"how much better can the mono be, really?\\"  Well, quite a lot as it turns out.  The stereo mixes sound like experiments, with all the instrumentation widely separated.  The mono mixes sound like a band playing together.  Lots more oomph, lots more atmosphere... you can actually hear them responding to each other as musicians.  And the same is true here, although to a slightly lesser extent.  Not as dramatic as Pink Floyd's, but still dramatic nevertheless.  The mono mixes SOUND like a band together, as opposed to sounding like a bunch of experimental songs just stuck together because they sounded \\"neat\\".  The mono mixes give you more punch, period.  The bass and drums, not separated now, sound like they're working together.  The pieces sound coherent, there's just a warmth to them that doesn't come across in the stereo mixes for me.  And The White Album sounds so much like Sgt. Pepper's Part Two now, which sounds better to my ears as well.  You can hear continuity between the albums, where before they sounded like a free-for-all just all jammed together.  And the mono version of Helter Skelter has so much more power and grit to it than the stereo version.  I'll miss Ringo screaming at the end, but it's not enough for me to forego the superior mono bash.  And Revolution 9 sounds more coherent to my ears, too.  Without getting distracted by noises on the extreme left or right, it's easier to hear it as one holistic experience.  Where the stereo mixes tend to accentuate and exaggerate the little things they put in tomake it interesting, the mono mixes put everything back into the proper context.  I'll take these over the stereo mixes any day.  The \\"spaciousness\\" of the stereo versions do not hold a candle to being able to hear more clearly the energy of the band in mono.    Bottom line:  If you like your sound effects, get the stereo.  We've been listening to them for years, they're not bad.  But if you want to hear a band working and playing together, which the stereo does not capture very well, get this.  It will provide you with more insight into the Beatles' relationship with their music and each other far more than the stereo will.  And snag up Piper At The Gates Of Dawn (mono) while you're at it.  Pink Floyd were doing it at Abbey Road while The Beatles were hammering away at Sgt. Pepper's.  Both are outstanding examples of Abbey Road's contribution to musical history.
B004VD3YIM|5.0|Very good and easy to use multi-camera app. Support for most popular security cameras.<br /> Works well with my Kindle Fire.
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|Love this cover! Compared to others, this cover is very light and thin. It's very welll built and solid. This case is the best on the market for sure. A must buy considering the Fire's weight itself.
B006O5XYWG|2.0|On the one hand, it's better than the Tim Burton mess a few years back - on the other, it has a horrible plot, terrible dialog and large excesses of stupidity.<br /><br />An evil bio-science company (is there any other type?) apparently run by one guy makes a smart primate. John Lithgow tries his best with a non-existent script and we can only presume the checks from Cliffhanger have run dry. At one point they rip off the \\"damn dirty ape\\" line in a way that will make your eyes bleed. The CGI varies between very good and completely amateur (check out how apes can jump out of 5-floor buildings and land like butterflies). There's a big fight on the Golden Gate Bridge that makes the ending of A View To A Kill look like high art - basically a zoo-full of apes whips the SFPD, which may be the most realistic part of the whole film.<br /><br />This movie is a perfect example of how Hollywood is running itself into the ground - we really don't need another installment in the Apes franchise. I can't understand how anyone over the age of 10 would enjoy this.
B0052VUNHC|5.0|Beautiful Disaster was recommended to me so I decided to give it a try.  I was not disappointed and, in fact, this story is one of my favorites I have ever read.  I love that the story kept me guessing the entire time.  I never was completely sure the direction the story would go.  Would they be together?  Would they go their separate ways?  I went from wanting to punch Travis to wanting to hug him.  The love these two shared is one that many would not understand, but McGuire draws you into the story so you wish it was you in the relationship.  I would highly recommend this story to anyone wanting a beautiful love story that keeps them wondering if it could really work out.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game has great features. it is fun to play and easy for everyone. my four year old loves this games as much as I do.
B0063IH60K|4.0|great app for passing time. i find myself on this app  all the time on my tablet. more chances to win.
B005HSL626|5.0|I love this game! I play it all the time, and honestly I don't see any difference so far between the free and paid version. so honestly, I suggest getting the free version. the ads aren't that bad, I mean you just have to press 'skip'. is it really worth a dollar to not have to press a button?
B005PTQPU0|5.0|I heard a review of Kate Bush' new CD titled \\" 50 words for Snow.\\"   Never having heard of Kate Bush I asked around and was told she was very good.  I ordered this on Amazon.com as a Christmas gift for a friend.  She is very pleased and I've listened to the CD with her and agree that it is better than anticipated.
B005W3G2D4|5.0|Omg at all these people buying this because she supports Ron Paul...   She's bringing joy to many more people's lives <3
B002ZHKZEM|5.0|The end of David Tennant and the beginning of Matt Smith... you can't go wrong with these DVD's.  Any and all Whovians will love this.  Buy some tissue too, guys, you're going to cry your eyes out.
B004W2UBYW|2.0|This book was very disjointed and must have come out shortly before he died because it discusses his thoughts in the summer of 2011 and then just ends. I can' t believe he was dying and still such an awful person especially to his children. Just really bothered me.....not sure I even want another Apple product.
143911000X|5.0|This is the funniest book since \\"The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy\\".  Reading the various articles is so spot on with Barney Stintson that it feels as if he's right there recitig each article to you.  If you like \\"How I met your mother\\", if you favorite character is Barney, you need to buy and read this book.
B0055SWM08|5.0|this game is really fun and there are a lot of levels. It's only 99&cent;, just go and buy it already.
0393051587|5.0|Much of what we now think of as a traditional Christmas has its origins in the Victorian era.  Charles Dickens' A Christmas Carol is probably one of the best known of those traditions, but I suspect that most people know it through its innumerable TV and movie dramatizations rather than through its actual words.  The Annotated Christmas Carol, edited by Michael Patrick Hearn and using Dickens' original text, will reintroduce the story's many fans to its actual words.<br /><br />The great charm of an annotated classic is the insight it gives the reader into the minds of its author, its first readers, and the society in which it was born.  Charles Dickens' tale is remembered today for its theme of redemption through love and memory, reminding us that even the most unpleasant old Scrooge can be reformed.  But Dickens wrote A Christmas Carol in order to expose and indict much of Victorian England's worst failings: religious hypocrisy and a cold hearted refusal to deal with social problems, especially grinding poverty.<br /><br />Hearn's excellent annotations do much to recreate the world in which A Christmas Carol was born.  They enhance the text without smothering it, and make this well beloved classic ever more invaluable.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|this is the best app I bring it to church and use it during the service even my preacher asked where I got this app I love this.app
034552554X|5.0|As I am both interested in botany and a volunteer court appointed special advocate for a child in foster care, I found this book delightful and insightful.  I strongly recommend this book!
B003UBTX72|1.0|A barely articulate ramble by a highly disorganized mind through a train wreck of a life. Proof positive that there is no justice in the world. Granted, Keith Richards comes across as a bit more human than I had previously thought, but this book wasn't worth a minute of my time. Can I please have my money back&iquest;
B005Y1B3Q0|5.0|I agree with everything that has been said... the character development is much better, the additional time and different music really tells the story in a much deeper and understandable way.  The action sequences are still difficult to follow (with the exception of the Li/Lundgren fight), but all in all THIS is the version I was hoping for last summer.  It really is worth seeing, and even purchasing.  I'm glad I bought it even though I own the first version.  It really is that big a difference.  If they just clean up the editing on the action sequences this could be the greatest action franchise of all time!
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Creative, thought provoking, and riveting. Loved reading every page! WOW! I immediately read the next two books in the series and I am anything but disappointed. Her writing reminds me a lot of Ayn Rand. Best novel I've read in a long time.
B0063IH60K|5.0|using the one touch feature is awesome! being able to choose which mode makes the challenge that much better.  I would definitely recommend to those who love this game.
B006LS7DQE|1.0|I'm getting really tired of programs that expect you to figure everything out for yourself.  If you're incapable of creating a help file for your software, you should either get a job working for Apple or find another field of employment - there are plenty of people writing incomprehensible software as it is.<br /><br />The actual gameplay is great.  But how do you save?  How do you exit?  How do you access a freaking menu?  Once you've launched the game, the only way to get out of it is to shut down the Kindle.
B00004WIDQ|5.0|The movie was new and unopened.  It is full screen, which I enjoy since it gives me a larger picture.  The sound and picture quality is very good and played flawlessly.  I was concerned about quality.  It seems many movies you rent these days skip, stop, and freeze through-out the show.  I chose the standard movie over Blue ray.  It seems to me that often movies that did not originaly come out in Blu ray can be grainy and fake looking.
B0009XNUK0|5.0|Highly recommend this collection. Didn't seem to be missing any songs I could think of. Has all the early Jackson 5 songs which are AWESOME!!!! Couldn't be happier with this CD!! Micheal Jackson is a genius. No one will ever top him.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I have spent hours enjoying this game.  would recommend to all who enjoy a challenge.  Time flies by in a flash.
1400067936|3.0|Taleb's argument is that people often believe that random events are actually the result of design. Many investors and analysts are obsessed with perceiving patterns (technical analysis), but whatever seems to be there is actually meaningless. Academics such as Burton Malkiel, Princeton economist, have shown this to be useless. Further, stock research is also useless, per Malkiel, and others - though famously not Warren Buffett.<br /><br />Malkiel's explanation - the value of stocks in the future depends on unknowable and random events. Taleb writes 'one can make money in the financial markets totally out of randomness,' just like a monkey can write the Iliad, given enough time.<br /><br />Taleb also describes 'survivorship bias' - well known to the mutual fund industry. Assume a group of investment managers whose success depends totally on luck. Each year, half are winners and half losers, and the losers are fired. At the end of five years, only 3.125% of the original managers will remain, but their skills will be no better than that of a drunkard picking stocks by throwing darts at a financial page.<br /><br />'Long tails' are another problem. Models based on past history may conclude that certain events are extremely unlikely - yet, history has often shown those assumptions to be overly optimistic, as happened with Long-Term Capital Management in 1998 despite it guidance by two Nobel Prize winners.<br /><br />Author Taleb owes his prominence to being highlighted by Malcomb Gladwell, in The New Yorker. Unfortunately, Gladwell's insights are worth about as much as the average output of a typing monkey.
B000008LOV|5.0|I had one of the original cassettes of the Wilburys and ruined it -- so then I went on a search for the CD and found it on Amazon.com -- the CD is blairing right now.
B005V2EVBQ|4.0|Not much to say thats different.  Very solid but light. Should be around $20, but not hard to figure out why it is more.
1451627289|2.0|I finished this book. it held my interest, but that's about all I can say. It was really a love story, but the lovers were so two dimensional, I didn't really feel anything for them as they met their many cahllenges. In addition to the ending being ridiculously predictable, King,  after writing and writing and writing,  seems to  lose interest at the end and just shuts the book down without really explaining anything. So many loose ends. The Dome was strike one, this was strike two ... I guess I'll give the master one more chance.
B004EPYZU8|1.0|Now, don't get me wrong, I get the story, the twists(s)(s)(s)... but despite the over-budgeted Cinematography and ridiculously moralistic message, the film is essentially a polished turd. Its story is laughable, the acting is deplorable, and the fantasy scenes the main character has are so surreal and out there I felt like only a large quantity of party drugs could make the film bearable. I want to make it clear that I am not a film-flamer. I watch B movies to D movies without feeling the need to flame them.  But there is no excuse for the ridiculously long amount of time I wasted my life on this film. It was cool, I'll give you that... but it's so flashy and twisted that it loses any form of storytelling and instead wastes hours explaining a very simple point that frankly... by the end of the film was so PAINFULLY obvious you had to have a lobotomy NOT to know where the director was going with it.  Point is... if you're high, or you want a good party movie to play to drunks... this is your thing. If you're looking for story and substance, go watch something else for the LOVE OF GOD
0545265355|5.0|I've been waiting for this series and I was so excited when I saw it for such a low price! I am very pleased and I recommend this series to everyone!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|each game is entertaining in its own right. so far I have unlocked the entire first page and some of the second and enjoy every moment of it.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I really enjoy playing this game its fun but with some strategies involved to it I highly recommend this app for others
0060555661|5.0|One of the best books on investing I have ever read. Just wish I'd had it 20 yesrs ago!  Planning on buying copies for each of my children. A gold-mine of solid investing ideas. One of the best \\"investments\\" you'll probably ever make!
B004SH40BQ|5.0|used it to pair my ipod nano with the jabra wireless headset for my daily runs. it's compact size and feather-light weight was perfect for my tiny nano. sure, it is an additional piece plugged into the nano but it didn't get in the way so i didn't really mind. highly recommend it.
B0063IH60K|4.0|I enjoyed the game very much, I like that it is not as complicated as other solitaire games I have tried.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Just ordered 2 cd's bc of your support for Ron Paul. I liked you alot but now your my favorite ofcourse lol
B005ANZN3G|1.0|Lang Lang's an excellent and passionate pianist and can be very entertaining, but this BR is an utter disappointment. If you have Lang Lang Live in Vienna, don't expect the same level of satisfaction. This performance was at the London Round House festival which was intended to spread classical music to non-classical music fans or rock concert goers. Although his piano performance is good, the visual background (a la music video) is very distracting. It surely will disappoint many classical music fans. Half of the disk is filled with \\"virtuoso\\" piece which is really a self promotion of Lang Lang.
B0063IH60K|5.0|love this game, fun,I win using random deals. Easy to download, played it for 3 hours one day. Like that you can tap to move cards and not have to drag them.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|but why do you guys at Rovio not make Angry Birds &trade; cases/skins for kindle fire? I would love to see those!
B005IZLPMY|4.0|Great effects ... Especially, the Blu-ray version!  However, I wanna dope-slap the bonehead who cast Tommy Lee Jones as an active WWII Army Colonel.  Don't get me wrong ... I have no gripes with Tommy Lee as an actor.  As a fellow South-Central Texan, Tommy Lee is absolutely A-OK in my book!  However, in this movie, he looks as if he's 80+ years old!  He don't look like no active Colonel I've ever served with!  The bags under the eyes and the wrinkles made him look as if he should have been wearing a VFW Legion Post cap, instead of the cap of an active duty Army Colonel.  You would think that, at least the folks in the Makeup Department could have tried to make him look at least 10 years younger!  All-in-all, though ... Another great MARVEL Comics movie for my collection!
B003ZSJ212|5.0|Great Collection I enjoy blue ray because I can skip all the anakin amedalia scenes!  If you watch the star-wars periodically it is worth rebuying
6301971272|5.0|I have seen many westerns over the years, and The Good, The Bad, And The Ugly is the best one I have ever seen. This movie is a true masterpiece.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Classic fun and a great way to relax; love the different card backs and background options, no hiccups. -  Vsonic Gtablet
B004U52VPS|3.0|This is a really fun, simple concept, but it is too difficult to hit the target with the launcher.  I'm a coordinated grown-up and I couldn't figure out where the bird was going when launched.  In the first game, after about 1 1/2 hrs none of my 3 kids completed any \\"mission\\" by knocking down all the pigs.  I realize it must be difficult to make a real-life launcher that is easy and accurate, but it makes me wonder if they tested this game.  You are supposed to build a new castle each turn whether you hit it or not, but we had to change the rules so the next player must hit the castle if not hit already.  Otherwise we would have spent 95% of our time building castles.
B006O5Y0SS|5.0|This is the best Woody Allen film in a very long time. A love letter to Paris, this romantic, time travel fantasy is beautifully filmed, directed and, for the most part, acted. Owen Wilson is a bit stumbling in his role as Gil, but he does well overall. Rachel McAdams is good as the annoying Inez and Michael Sheen does well as a boring, overbearing know it all. Loved Kathy Bates as Gertrude Stein. There are some wonderful cameos, including Corey Stoll as Ernest Hemingway, Alison Pill as Zelda Fitzgerald and Adrian Brody as Salvador Dali. The Paris backdrop makes me want to go there on vacation immediatelly. All in all, this is a funny, romantic and thoroughly entertaining film. After I saw this in the theater, I mentioned the basic plot to one of my co-workers. When I mentioned some of the writers and artists that Gil meets in this film, she said to me, \\"I know I should know who those people are, but I don't.\\" What has happened to education in this country????
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|What more could you want from an app that shows you information about the phases of the moon?  Unless, you're a NASA scientist, I can't think of a single thing that this app doesn't provide.  And, in the process of providing this great information this app also makes it extremely easy to find and use.  I love the intuitive way you navigate on this app to enter your specific location and other \\"what if\\" information.  I was literally up and enjoying this app within less than five minutes.<br /><br />Who knows...when I become a NASA scientist maybe I won't like this app, but until then I'm going to stay inside (you go out in the cold MichaelH) and enjoy all the neat stuff this app has to offer!
B005HV6Y5W|1.0|I've never written a review before, but this movie wasted 90 minutes of my life (actually the movie runs for 2hours and 18 minutes but I couldn't take much more of its nonsense).  There is virtually no dialogue and it is boring to the extreme.  I have to admit the visuals were stunning, especially the creation sequence.  However, I feel that any positive reviews for this movie come from self-deluded people who consider themselves intellectuals and feel that they have to state their love for their movie or else appear stupid. Well I freely admit my stupidity because I HATED this movie.  0 stars!
B0066W1AZK|1.0|tried the free version, thankfully, because I can't move my own pieces! too bad, because the app looks beautiful and others have given it a high rating. I tried rebooting, reinstalling, all to no avail. maybe some other time perhaps...
B000V5Y2E4|3.0|This Episode should not have been made.  I LOVE STAR TREK.  But I ended up playing solitaire through half of it, and really wanted to scene skip, but also wanted to write a review. I sat and watched all of it again.  It's pretty boring, and has nothing to do with the story of Deep Space Nine.  It's about Kira and her transitions, and more about Nog.  I would not pay to see this episode.  2.8/5 Stars.  Keep On Trekkin'
B003UESJDI|4.0|TAMARA DREWE already had a following from her appearance in the best selling graphic novel by the same name by Posy Simmonds, an so it was probably not too difficult for the talented Stephen Frears to direct a pitch perfect cast to bring the delightful story to the screen.  Filled to the brim with excellent actors this strange little story has many levels of meaning, but the main story is very well served.<br /><br />Tamara Drewe (Gemma Arterton) was historically a face to forget in the town of Ewedon, but she leaves for the city and plastic surgery and returns with a new nose and facelift that makes her as attractive as any lass in the town. She plays on the talents of married highly successful crime novelist Nicholas (Roger Allam) to polish her writing skills - the cost is an affair that leaves Nicholas ready to divorce his perfect wife (Tamsin Grieg).  She also attracts the interest of her childhood solid friend Andy (Luke Evans) and the rather superficial and silly rock star Ben (Dominic Cooper) and eventually, with the running of interference by two loathsome little girls (Charlotte Christie and Jessica Barden), and it all turns out with many surprises!  It is a dissection of relationships a la Thomas Hardy and Frears know how to make it all work very well.<br /><br />It is always a pleasure to be in the company of fine British actors in a lovely English countryside setting and this is no exception.  Everyone in the cast is excellent - and it continues to be a pleasure to watch the very talented Dominic Cooper grow in the challenging roles he assumes.  There are many reasons to enjoy this film, and among them is the sheer craftsmanship of the British cinema.  Grady Harp, December 11
0061537969|5.0|This was one of my favourite reads of the past year, and Enzo was one of my favourite characters.  There were funny moments, sad moments, touching moments, and moments that made you think.  I enjoyed Enzo's somewhat innocent -- yet insightful -- view of the world and the people he crossed paths with throughout the course of his life.  While I could have done with a little less racing talk, I understand why it was included.<br /><br />Overall, this was a very enjoyable book, and deeper than it might seem on the surface.  I'd recommend it to those who like a good story with a memorable narrator... especially if those people also like dogs.
B006O5Y0SS|5.0|In looking at the reviews, it's obvious most people are are going to love this movie or hate it...count me among those who loved it.  For me, this is Woody's best film since \\"Match Point\\". This movie was such an unexpected surprise...one of the few movies I've ever seen that I didn't want to end.  I wanted more of Owen Wilson's character, \\"Gil\\" interacting with the Fitzgeralds, Hemingway, Gertrude Stein, Dali, et al.  I'm not a huge Owen Wilson fan, but this is one of the best, if not THE best, movies he's ever done.  If you think the idea of time traveling back to the Roaring 20's of Paris for an evening to meet F.Scott and Zelda Fitzgerald, Cole Porter, Pablo Picasso, Gertrude Stein and Alice B. Toklas, Dali and the like is a terrible idea for a movie, and you don't appreciate Paris as a city of romance, do yourself a favor and skip this movie.  (For those reading this review who have already seen the movie, I keep thinking that the Rachel McAdams character and her parents would HATE this film, which earns it my highest praise;)  The rest of you sit back, relax and enjoy the ride!
B000OPPBEQ|5.0|I have been fascinated by the Matrix series since it first came out; the storyline's originality caught my attention. I had never encountered the Matrix concept in any other book or movie I had ever seen and was pleasantly surprised by its premise.<br /><br />I had originally purchased the three DVD's and had enjoyed watching them for several years when this Blu-ray ultimate collection came out. In addition to the three movies there are several worthy extras on three extra discs that make this edition a must have for collectors. There are actually six discs, 4 Blu-ray and 2 DVD, in this set but one DVD is recorded on both sides; by comparison with the DVD 10 disc set which runs 618 minutes this set runs 113 minutes less at 505 minutes.<br /><br />Under special features one finds a treasure trove of extras including \\"AN INTRODUCTION FROM THE WACHOWSKI BROTHERS\\" which examines the underlying philosophy of the movies and their reasons for including commentaries by both philosophers, Dr. Cornel West and Ken Wilber, and critics, Todd McCarthy, John Powers, and David Thomson, which can be selected to play while the movies are being watched on all three discs. This is clearly a feature for the dedicated fan and should be left off if one wants to simply watch the movie. Commentaries by the cast, Carrie - Anne Moss, Zach Staenberg and John Gaeta, and a music only commentary by composer Don Davis appear on disc one only.<br /><br />There is a booklet which comes with the set that provides a written copy of the Wachovski introduction a scene index to all three films and an assortment of other information. The two-sided DVD disc includes interesting background on the making of the movies. One feature on side A is the white rabbit logo, the viewer is told to click the enter button for more information about some aspect of that particular scene.<br /><br />The Animatrix Blu-ray disc is interesting in that it provides, among other things, two sections which describe life before the life-changing final battle with the machines and their control over the human condition. While this is referenced in the movie there is vastly more detail given in \\"The Second Renaissance Parts I and II.\\"<br /><br />All told this set will provide many hours of entertainment for the Matrix fan; I'm really glad to have it.achines and their control over the human condition. While this is referenced in the movie there is vastly more detail given in \\"The Second Renaissance Parts I and II.\\"  All told this set will provide many hours of entertainment for the Matrix fan; I'm really glad to have it.
B005OCFGTO|5.0|Great product and quick service. Just what was needed for Christmas present. Very satified with everything. Thanks. Still waiting for the enhanced edition later in the year.
B000V5W8Q8|5.0|If you are watching Star Trek: Deep Space Nine (TV Series) for more than the 2nd time, then this should be episode 2 of the story arc.  It is where we first hear the word \\"Changeling.\\" It is the tale of Odo, and how his journey started in the Dominion War.  It is great Star Trek!  New Alien Species, First Contact, Space Battles, The Gene Lesson in Humanity, and Series Plot development. It has it all. Thumbs Up from a lifelong fan.  4.8/5 Stars.  ~Keep On Trekkin'!
0143120581|4.0|In defending the \\"Tiger Mother\\" model, on in which parents have total dominion over their children's actions, Chua reveals a lot of fear, insecurities, and power-worship in her somewhat flawed albeit entertaining, and at times humorous polemic. However, at the same time she does generate an important discussion about America's blind worship of self-esteem, an esteem disconnected from responsibility, discipline, and high achievement.<br /><br />Chua's book made me, a new parent, consider that the best parent approach is more balanced, neither Chua's \\"Tiger Mother\\" model nor Americans' cheap self-esteem model. Reading her book, in which she evolves from strident Tiger Mother to a more mature, flexible one, made me consider that I need to struggle to find a balance between a child's discipline and a child's freedom.<br /><br />I recommend this book because it brings up an important debate in a highly entertaining memoir style.
B006RED4GA|5.0|It's fantastic. Perfect combination of funny and scary. It doesn't beat you over the head like most horror films out today. Pacing is perfect. Acting is perfect. Ti West takes the ingredients of classic horror films and scary stories you used to hear as a kid to create something fresh and original.
B0060ZJ7BC|4.0|I know very little about baseball or other sports, but I found myself staying interested during the whole movie, watching Brad Pitt and Jonah Hill try to put together a winning baseball team, with trades, firings, and other conflicts.  This should be entertaining enough for most, even if they are non-sports-fans like me.
B004A8ZWXS|3.0|I am not a big admirer of Steven Spielberg overall but I respect his vast technical skills as a filmmaker and I'm always happy to see another of his productions. He hasn't directed a film since 2008's \\"Indiana Jones 4\\", a movie that got a lot of flak from critics and audiences. I thought it was an entertaining summer adventure film that ultimately didn't capture the magic of the terrific Indy trilogy from the 1980s.  Now Spielberg is back with two films that were released in the span of one week in December 2011. I haven't seen \\"Adventures of Tintin\\" just yet, instead I opted to watch \\"War Horse\\", the more serious of the two pictures. Spielberg is really going for the classic Hollywood look and feel here. Partially inspired by David Lean with it's Englishness, the main parallel in style would seem to be John Ford. Sweeping vistas, landscapes and the glory and toil of the farm life. The film is also one of the most blatant, emotionally manipulative Spielberg has ever made. Think of E.T. but with a horse and you've got the outline of this film already. John Williams turns in one of his most heart tugging scores. Every little moment and plot point is underpinned by a musical touch to bombard the audience with the message. I didnt enjoy E.T. when I saw it as a child or when I saw it as an adult. I understand that many in the audience do enjoy this kind of manipulation but I'm not one of them. War Horse has the same underlining feel but it's expansive and visually diverse enough to hold one's attention.  The cinematography is stunning throughout. Almost too perfect, a kind of postcard quality. The acting is on pitch for every character. The pacing is taut and judicious, the action scenes thrilling. The technical aspects are always A+ with a mature Spielberg movie. The film is very episodic however as we follow the birth and life of \\"Joey\\", the war horse. Raised on an English farm, then sold to a British captain... Joey is then captured by the Germans, later he finds hisway into the life of an elderly man and his granddaughter living on a farm in the French countryside... then recaptured by the Germans which leads to a harrowing escape scene, which is one of the most dramatic sequences in the whole film. Like a present wrapped in a neat ribbon, all comes to a happy conclusion in the end.  The film reminded me a little bit of \\"Au Hasard Balthasar\\" a French film from the early 1960s directed by Robert Bresson. In that film, a donkey is the star and goes through life from one owner to another. It's the human condition as viewed through the eyes of an animal. War Horse has a similar feel to it, as if Joey is suffering humanity's sins, a Christ like figure. Of course Bresson and Spielberg are like night and day. Bresson's film is depressing, heartfelt and honest... Spielberg's film is manipulative and sentimental but exciting. I just make a note of it for audiences... if you want to see another take on this story structure but from a \\"high art\\" angle, check out \\"Au Hasard Balthasar\\".  Putting negatives aside, I would say that War Horse does it's job and is exactly the kind of film it aspires to be. This is the first WWI movie for Spielberg so that gives him plenty of room to film trench warfare and chaotic battle scenes. All expertly done as one would except from the director of \\"Saving Private Ryan\\". Don't expect any blood as this is a strictly PG-13 portrayal of the conflict. Ultimately I don't think that War Horse will be remembered as a Spielberg classic in years to come but it's a solid picture in the crowded holiday marketplace and worthy of your time and money.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This is exactly how solitaire should be.  The game is simple and fun.  The ads are in between hands which is nice.  Great game!
B000V5UDIS|3.0|This episode is fun.  But that's all it has going for it.  It's one of those light-hearted \\"filler\\" episodes that doesn't have to do with anything.  To be honest, I'd almost forgotten this episode.  But it was fun, and did keep a smile on my face.  So I'm giving it a 3.4/5 stars for that.  But if you're not a Trekkie, you can skip this one.  I'm afraid most of Season 1 doesn't have much to do with the overall story arc.  Keep On Trekkin.
B005QUQRE2|1.0|This movie sucked. I lost 92 minutes of my life watching this stupid, moronic, miserable, idotic, excuse for a story. If I was waist deep in pig slop I would have had a better time.
B0063IH60K|4.0|title says it all.  I play all the time while waiting for the bus or train. easy controls and nice game play. like the replay deal as I can then try a move I did not do the first time
B005MYEPXC|5.0|Woody Allen once said: \\"If my films don't show a profit, I know I'm doing something right\\". And boy, is he ever right. Why would he want to settle on being an ordinary filmmaker, incapable of directing a film like this? Shudder to think!  It was this past summer that I visited the theatres to see this film at the urging of a friend. I have enjoyed most of the films he's done in the past 10 years, so I was game. I wasn't even half an hour in before I fell head over heels in love with this film.  First thing to note - the city of Paris is a character all its own. Glittering, beautiful, rich & elegant, Allen's cinematography brings the City of Lights to life. If you've ever been to Paris - or have longed to go like yours truly - watching this movie will make you want to return (or cash in your life savings to make the trek). Woody Allen has always had a long love affair with Paris, and his affection shows up in every shot of the city. Everything is awash with color and light. No washed out tones to be found anywhere.  Paris aside, the film is absolutely magical. Owen Wilson is an actor who has never appealed to me. I have routinely found his comedies lacking humor, substance and style, and he's never been believable to me. I was completely surprised to find him not only charmingly genuine here, but completely loveable and relatable. Rachel McAdams is always fabulous, and this movie is no exception. There are many other wonderful actors showcased, most of them being unknown. Two standouts are Alison Pill (an extreme talent - watch out for her) and Corey Stoll. I won't spoil the story by telling you who they play; that's half the fun. If you're like me, you'll watch it for the first time and squeal with delight with each character's reveal. Let's just say you might want to brush up on your literature and art history prior to watching the film. I must say that immediately after leaving the theatre, I was ready to book my Air France ticket. Then I was brought back to reality when my finances came up and bit me in the nose.  Well, I could go on and on, but I will spare you. Just do yourself a favor and watch this movie. If you're ok with suspending belief to enjoy a magical two hours, you will love it. If not, then you might as well numb your brain on another insipid, uncreative Hollywood big-box release.
B005HSG3U6|5.0|We bought this cover in white and it is really nice.  Protective and very stylish.  It has the feature of a flap that folds around back and props the Kindle upright for reading.  We love it!
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I like that I can jot down a note or make a list and access it from anywhere I may be as well as email it to anyone and not worry about formatting or copying and pasting.  I use this app a lot!
B000V5W8H2|4.0|This tale is about the destiny of Kai Opaka and Prophecy. More plot development here for Season 1, but really inconsequential to the entire story arc. Come On, get to the Dominion Already!  The only reason to watch it is to see what happened to the Bajoran Kai.  It looked kind of low budget though.  3.7 Stars.  Keep On Trekkin'
B0010SKTRA|5.0|Neil Shubin's \\"Your Inner Fish\\" is one of those rare science books that combines a personal tale of discovery with an excellent grounding in the discipline as a whole.  Even rarer, Shubin's book is a superlative example of science popularization.  He takes a complex and technical field and makes it accessible and universal without ever making you feel that he is \\"dumbing it down\\".  The field here is evolutionary biology and Shubin's discovery is an astounding proof of the theory; a story so famous as to need to recap.  But here it is:  Shubin noted tetrapod-like fishes in older strata, and limbed-fish-like early amphibians in later strata and identified exactly the age of the rock he expected to find a transitional form of early amphibian / limbed fish.  He used geology maps to find an area of the world that had rock of this age exposed and found it on Baffin Island.  Then he organized expedition after expedition for 5 years until - lo and behold - he found exactly the transitional form of tetrapod / fish that evolutionary biology led him to expect: Tiktaalik.  Tiktaalik has the head of an amphibian, with a neck, but on a fish-like body with fins.  The fins have the skeletal features of tetrapod limbs.  It's a tour de force.  The chapters where Shubin describes the fossil discoveries and the analysis of these fossils are riveting.  But even more riveting are the chapters where Shubin explains the broader biological context for tetrapod evolution - ultimately tying it to a deeper understanding of who we are and where we fit in the tree of life.<br /><br />This is a worldview changing book.  Every educated person needs to read and understand this material.  I have never seen the subject of evolutionary biology presented better than Shubin does here, and I'm hard pressed to come up with a more entertaining or engaging story of discovery.  Highly recommended.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I like it because unlike other solitaries, it's. really simple to use. and it dosen't cheat on you. it's just like regular solitaire exept without the mess. and it saves your game aromaticly even if you just crashed.
B0058VW36U|5.0|This game offers a lot of fun and really hard puzzles. All you people complaining about Amazon not having the update: 1. It is Amazon's problem, not this game, and 2. The update is out now.
B001UV4XIS|5.0|If you are a fan of wizards & wizardry and have read and or seen the Harry Potter books and movies...this is the movie that brings it ALL TOGETHER.....
B006BDHAX0|3.0|ok so is supposed to be compatible with the fire but after a few minutes of playing it closes by itself. other than that its good.
B0064X7FVE|4.0|Wonderful App, have it on all of my devices. Radar not currently available for Kindle Fire but I'm sure there will be an update for it.
B0063IH60K|4.0|I've been playing this solitaire game on my new Kindle Fire this week. It's a great game. Very intuitive interface.
1594202842|1.0|Were you people raised by wolves?  What about your parents' method of raising a child?  Why is everybody looking for a new and better way to raised the PERFECT child?    Let's start off by saying, no matter what you do you will make mistakes.  When the baby is an infant you will give him/her a bottle that is too hot, cold or forget a jacket on a cold day.  Babies are resilient they will survive.  As the child grows you will make mistakes.  They will survive the not so great Pre-K, First grade, etc.  They will survive eating peanut butter, gluten or sugar.  They will survive not being invited to a classmate's birthday party, or having a birthday party of their own that does NOT have a clown, an elephant and give away swag bags filled with toys from Hammacher Schlemmer.  They will survive being a teen and being unhappy or that you told them NO to something that everyone else was doing.  They will survive spending a Saturday morning helping to clean the house and a Saturday afternoon that they just laze away doing nothing that will go on their college application resume.  My parents raised me in the 1950's mold.  I was NOT the center of their world.  They loved me, they disciplined me and they provided for me.  Guess what?  They made a few mistakes along the way and yet I survived.  When it was time to raise my son, I didn't change much and I made some mistakes, but when he became a father I watched him raise him kids pretty much as he had been raised.  He made some mistakes, but my grandkids are pretty neat kids.  Go ahead and read Tiger Mom, Lamb Mom or Octo Mom if you want but remember, you're probably not a serial killer or a bum and that is because you were raised by some people who made mistakes but you survived.
B006BDHAX0|5.0|This works fine on my Kindle Fire. Great Mahjong fun. It was a good deal at the old price, and a wonderful free app of the day.
B0063GORYU|4.0|I really like this game because it's just the same from my computer to my fire. the only thing that becomes tricky is moving the cards sometimes or having the auto-move put the cards in a different place then you intended. overall it's a great game and a perfect game to play for unwinding the day.
B0063IH60K|4.0|Its not a bad game at all and keeps me playing more.  Only thing I would like to see is that when you win there is an automatic button asking to play another hand instead of having to tap on the deck and then select wining hand.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|I love Kelly Clarkson and this album is awesome! If you haven't really 'listened' to her before, you've missed out on something great! I proudly add my support for her public support of Ron Paul.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Great game. My kids and I love this game. We play it all the time. We are addicted to Amazon Apps.
B001QOGYBI|4.0|Fantastic Mr. Fox is a pretty good film but the animation takes some getting used to.<br /><br />Apparently using some kind of stop motion, the star-studded voice actors and the story is quite fun to watch though I thought it went a little bit long for a family picture.<br /><br />Mr. Fox and his girl are aces at raiding hen houses and farmers are not too happy about it.  When they find themselves in an inescapable trap (which they do escape from), Fox promises never to do the old henhouse stealing ever again.<br /><br />Except one day, years later, he just has to do that one last job.  That one last job, in three parts, to hassle the worst humans ever.  With the help of a possum, they make their moves undetected.  Meeting the disapproval of his family he promises never to do it again.<br /><br />Too late!  The human farmers are the epitome of bad manners, obsessive dolts ever.  The story gets into their efforts to root out the foxes and destroy them.  This is where the story dragged for me.  The antics of the farmers and how the animals fight back is fun, but could have been trimmed down a bit.<br /><br />Themes:  The themes of accepting who you are (after you find out what that is) was an interesting lesson in humility and personal fortitude.  I enjoyed that a lot.  And I think kids watching this will get that too.  It's OK to be different rather than pretend to be something you're not.<br /><br />I did enjoy the way the animals lived like people - the athletic field, the complex rules of some sport games, the parodies of lawyers and crazy corporations - but it tries to cover too much.  An edited approach I think would have been better.<br /><br />The film is based on the story of the same name by Roald Dahl.<br /><br />Recommended!<br /><br />Cast:<br /><br />Directed by<br /><br />Wes Anderson<br /><br />Writing credits<br /><br />Roald Dahl<br /> (novel)<br />Wes Anderson<br /> (screenplay) &<br />Noah Baumbach<br /> (screenplay)<br />Cast (in credits order)<br />  George Clooney<br />...  Mr. Fox (voice)<br /><br />  Meryl Streep<br />...  Mrs. Fox (voice)<br /><br />  Jason Schwartzman<br />...  Ash (voice)<br /><br />  Bill Murray<br />...  Badger (voice)<br /><br />  Wallace Wolodarsky<br />...  Kylie Sven Opossum (voice) (as Wally Wolodarsky)<br /><br />  Eric Chase Anderson<br />...  Kristofferson Silverfox (voice) (as Eric Anderson)<br /><br />  Michael Gambon<br />...  Franklin Bean (voice)<br /><br />  Willem Dafoe<br />...  Rat (voice)dger (voice)    Wallace Wolodarsky  ...  Kylie Sven Opossum (voice) (as Wally Wolodarsky)    Eric Chase Anderson  ...  Kristofferson Silverfox (voice) (as Eric Anderson)    Michael Gambon  ...  Franklin Bean (voice)    Willem Dafoe  ...  Rat (voice)
B000HT3PPG|5.0|We must watch this movie every holiday season.I mean why not it is a true Christmas classic and with more than one version available this is my favorite one !
B004SBS8LA|5.0|My opinion for this app would be 10 stars and I love it because of the characters and the settings -)
B003Z2LAAO|3.0|The cinematography is good.  I would have liked more shots of the canyon and fewer of the \\"expedition\\".  The 3D is just ok. It could have been better had there been more moving shots of the canyon, but the 3D is probably difficult to capture for such a large landscape.  The narration is a wet towel on the whole film.  It is nothing more than an expression of a very left wing political view. There are definitely issues with the canyon that should be explored but there are statements made that make you want to scream as they totally defy logic or ignore the obvious.  For example, yes it would be nice to have the river flow in its natural state, but the fact is there are very large cities in the southwest that use the river and the filmmakers choose to ignore that fact.  A straightforward, balanced documentary would have been preferable.    Having visited the canyon last year, I would have enjoyed a more balanced approach. The reason for purchasing an IMAX blu-ray is to enjoy the spectacular views, not to listen to a self-rightous point of view.  This disc is diminished by the narration.
B0058VW36U|5.0|Has many levels that supply hours of fun for all ages, and is also fairly easy. I highly reccomemd this game.
B006OOHYIC|5.0|This game is just the right mix of interesting and challenging. Can't wait for more games from Fallen Tree Games!
B005HSG3U6|5.0|My kids love this Kindle case! It looks sharp, and they like that the Kindle can stand up.  My son dropped his and it protected the Kindle well.
B000HEWEJO|5.0|My second favorite Christmas classic.When dreams come true and you get a second chance it truly is A Wonderful Life.Enjoy another classic movie of all time.
B004DLPXAO|4.0|Love my Kindle Fire, and very much like the android app. However, there's a feature in the PC version of the app that is invaluable and is blatantly missing from the the app on the Fire and android app for my LG Optimus S: the ability to copy and paste quoted text into a document or email with the book citation automatically included. Please roll this into the mobile app as well.<br /><br />Some additional ideas from another users review that would be awesome:<br /><br />1. Whispersync problem. If you switch between devices  . . . the Whispersync feature is very important. It tells Amazon the furthest point to which you've read. If you later want to pick up your reading on another device, the Kindle app will prompt whether you want to go to the \\"furthest read\\" point within the book. This is an invaluable feature, but it fails way too often, and without any way to fix it. (Examples: i. you accidentally click a Table of Contents link that takes you far into the book or to its end, as I have done by accident, ii. you click a superscript that takes you to the index, and the app fails to give a back button, then proceeds to mark the index as your \\"furthest read\\" point.) This feature has failed on my a number of times, and there is no way to reset the \\"furthest read\\" point. From then on, it becomes very tedious to page through a book and find where I left off each time I switch devices.<br />SUGGESTION to Amazon: A simple \\"Set current location as 'furthest read'\\" option would resolve this issue.<br /><br />3. Allow ability to name bookmarks.<br />4. Allow categorization/grouping or tagging of bookmarks and notes. Perhaps the ability to match a 'highlight color' to a specific categorization in a given book.<br /><br />Much appreciation.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I have had this game for a week so fun my daughter loves it she has prittey much beat them all me and her love all of the games
B002MQYOFW|4.0|I really enjoyed this young adult dystopia novel. It reminded me of why I loved Lowry's The Giver so much. I just could not put it down. I wasn't thrilled with the predictable ending, however Collins does know how to write a page turner.
B005OCFGTO|5.0|This includes all of the Harry Potter movies. It's priced well, and packaged nicely, and the dics are good quality. But if you are looking for something with the special features in it, you will want to get a different set.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|its a good game because u can earn points and use those points to buy more games on their and if u beat a game u get bonus points which lets u buy more games.
B004WGGQPQ|4.0|I think that it was a very good and fun app its just that if I go back to a saved picture and write something on it and erase it erases the whole picture but I will say it is worth 1 dollar.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|One of the best games out there! Runs great and looks great on the Kindle Fire. Very addictive game, can't put it down once you start playing.
B00275EHJG|5.0|This is truly a great story for all ages. If you like Toy Story you will be very pleased with the 3rd one.
B004H4XLR4|5.0|My son loves this toy. He stores many of his hot wheel sized cars 2 figures inside the airplane.  He wants to take this toy everywhere we go, maybe because he can sneak many other Cars 2 friends inside!
B006BDHAX0|1.0|would be a good game but black screen.comes up or bounces out of level.  Too bad would have liked to keep.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I love the game solitaire, so this game is perfect for me. It's a good pass time. Thanks to my grandma, I feel addicted to solitaire!
B0055SWM08|5.0|A great game with a smooth learning curve.  I highly recommend it for casual gamers.  screenshots are not very descriptive.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|The purpose of music is to put the emotional state of the performer into the mind and heart of the listener.  Emotion is the true Universal language.  From the cry of a mortally wounded animal to nearly deaf transcribed Beethoven's Moonlight Sonata, you are hearing the emotions of another.  That is the beauty and purpose of music.  And that being said, is why I haven't bought anything from the industry in quite awhile.  Their self-absorbed, deluded, and destructive emotions make me sick.<br /><br />I have just purchased this album.  I have not purchased an album or a movie since the DMCA was passed, with the help of the RIAA/MPAA.  But more truthfully, I could not stomach supporting artists that's only goal in life is to inflict their communist views on the rest of the World.  I despise and loathe them from the deepest core of my being.  They are a poverty on humanity.<br /><br />I bought this album because Kelly spoke up for an anti-socialist/Constitutionalist and got the usual NAZI commentary sent back to her.  The National Socialist Worker's Party has been very active with their mouth's.  So I'm helping her with my wallet.  Because that's how real men roll.<br /><br />Kelly, the next time you speak the truth, do not apologize.  That's all that I hold against you.<br /><br />The people you are surrounded with are not the people that run this Country.  We are.  You are a creator, like us, and they are socialist parasites.  What are they without you?  But we, my dear, can stand alone.  Keep singing and standing up for what you believe in.  This is me standing up for what I believe in.  You.  Best Wishes and Deus tecum.  Take care.
B005KDWUFA|3.0|I wish I had played some of the preview cuts so that I could see that there were so many redos of other people's hits.  I have enjoyed hearing new things (to me)from Il Divo previously, so this was a big disappointment. I frequently listen to those tracks in languages which I don't speak just to hear their remarkable  voices. Even that doesn't make this album up to par for me.  I hope their next release will have more new material.
B006GKHE6G|5.0|This game is addictive and so FUN! It has amazing graphics and great customizable controls. This game is extremely fun and you should buy it tor SURE!!!!!!
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|I am thinking about buying this...but I have a question. Is this case strong from the front to where if I drop it my Kindle Fire won't crack?
B006O5XYWG|5.0|From the beginning to the end credits I was hooked. The scene I shall never forget is when John Lithgow and James Franco are having Dinner with Ceaser showing how the balance of power between humans and apes is about to change. The bewildering moment is when an ape is teaching a human how to do something basic like use a fork, and the tender way he shows that he is more than just an ape and more capable than the old man.  What a fantastic movie from Direction, Casting and Special effects I was impressed. My only regret is that I never saw it in the theater. Best movie 2011
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I think this is awesome I played all last night and ive played this before in the computer but I just think this app is really awesome.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|This is easy to play games for family fun! no problems after downloading this app. My kids enjoy playing this!
0316056863|5.0|I'm not a book critic, and I'm not even a huge Tina Fey fan, but I am a big fan of \\"funny\\", and that's just what this book is.  Don't overthink it.  She doesn't tell the reader every detail of her life, but enough funny stories that you get a good understanding of why she's so darn successful in her career.  I laughed so hard in some places, I actually cried.  It might not resonate as well  with men, but I think any woman will get a kick out of it.  So bottom line - don't expect Stephen Hawking's \\"A Brief History of Time\\".  It's just Tina's observations, stories and insight, and it's just plain funny.
B004EPYZXU|1.0|If you don't mind jumpy, shaky, broken and distorted camera footage, edits and inaudible audio at every single moment that something \\"important\\" is supposed to be happening then this movie won't bother you and you'll probably enjoy it. Also, were we supposed to forget or ignore the fact that there is less gravity on the moon and in the Lem? They don't even TRY to give a sense of the difference in gravity. How could astronauts have forgotten to bring a flashlight with them to the moon? The only thing they can do to see in the dark is use flashes. How lucky for the director - another good excuse to create a bad film. If this was made by a high school student for their graduation project I'd give it an A, but since it isn't I say shame on the director for not taking more care and pride in their work and settling for cheap gimmicks and tricks.   In their defense, they did create a pretty good \\"moonscape.\\"   Don't waste your money (or time)!
B004VMUS9G|5.0|I had this app on my android, I used it as my daily alarm clock. I loved it! My phone just died, and I was elated to discover I could download it for my kindle fire. I can even set up a playlist of my own music to wake up to in the morning! A definite must have on any device I use now.
0375703764|5.0|I read House of Leaves in a week. While at first unapproachable, once you get into it the book is riveting.<br /><br />I remain disturbed.
1400049628|5.0|This book is hilarious! I bought it for my brother who jokes about a Zombie take over. Its very funny and he actually read it cover to cover! Well worth the $10!
B004P98QZ8|5.0|This is an amazing building set, bought it for my Granddaughter which is 8years old, thought it would take her forever to build, however had it put together in one day, the picture instructions step by step was awesome, it helps kids build self asteem, as I did that?? my Granddaughter was amazed at herself that she could do this with no problem.This product is not too easy and not too hard as the step by step pictures are a huge help, she so enjoyed tackeling this project. the out of reach was not so out of reach for her. she has learned that she is a hands on child from this experience.
B005KDWUFA|5.0|The voicess of these 4 men blend wonderfully. They have a good choice of songs but do seem to repeat the same songs on more than one album.  Love them  Great stage presence. I have always had good service with Amazon.  M Saunders
0805079831|4.0|This is what serious readers who want to be informed about economic policies in the world should read, rather than lame conjecture (The World is Flat) about where we are and where we're headed.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Very nice app. Looks great on my kindle fire. No problems or concerns. Fun to play and free, what more could you ask for?
0877180121|5.0|As a former John Thompson Piano Student--during the 1950's, I am happy to discover John Thompson' Easiest Piano Course.  I am currently teaching piano and this book covers the basics in learning how to play the piano in a fun, but comprehensive way.  My students are progressing well.
157421327X|2.0|I bought this book for my 10 year old after seeing a similar book for adults. This book is extremely thin and really doesnt teach more than a few techniques. After shipping this book was $13, after receiving it, I would have expected to pay no more than $1.99 for this item. I would recommend \\"Totally Tangled\\" which has a lot more info and is only slightly higher priced.
B0052GACNM|4.0|Nice CD. I Bought the CD for someone else. There are lots of great singer and song on this CD
B0054JZC6E|5.0|there are lots of mini games.. and motivates you to play more by making you gain points to unlock more...
1416562605|5.0|An incredibly interesting character and a story that stands as a metaphor for the capitalist insanity and greed.  A must read.  You'll enjoy every minute of it and the details about India take you on a fantastic tour of the place.
1466401885|1.0|Don't bother buying this book. It clearly was written by a third grader. What a waste of money! Terrible! This book is so overated. I expected a steamy book. It just dragged on and on. The plot and characters never really materialized into something the reader could attach themselves to. Please consider another selection.
B004EPYZXK|1.0|that's all I can say...BORING!!!  Not only was the story boring but it was all video taped as if you're watching a video on NASA.
B005K17RU0|1.0|It's a waste of time to download if you own a Kindle Fire. Wait for a Fire- ready version to come out.
B004O3YGMC|1.0|Very disappointing....the app runs very choppy. I have a Galaxy player 2.3.5 android and windows xp and it simply wont run worth a damn. Put your money back in your pocket and look elsewhere people....
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is really fun &amp; gives me something to do:) me and my husband play and compete to see who wins!
B0063IH60K|5.0|I love this app. It runs just fine and is easy to use. I use it all the time and I've never had any problems with it.
B002ZTQVGQ|5.0|This recent Studio Ghibli animated film is a delightful film for children.  The pace of the story is slower than the Pixar/Disney animated films of today.  The dubbing is excellent and features several well known actors:  Cate Blanchett, Matt Damon, Liam Neeson and many others.  Studio Ghibli films will not have your children screaming with excitement but will capture their attention and stir their imagination.
B0052TDGQO|5.0|It was so nice to order the CD early from you as I thought it would sell out quickly at our local K-Mart or Walmart.  I love his voice.
B004JZBGWI|5.0|This is one of the few apps I use every day. It has a simple, intuitive interface. You can categorize your notes using colors.
B003R0MF5I|5.0|i,again,watch this show with all it's kooky charecters and laugh out loud. chuck is my all time fave but i guess america(networks) don't appreciate fine comraderie,charecters that are allowed to laugh at themselves but more importantly make us laugh. i will cry when this show leaves the air to leave us with crap  like fear factor.  thank you chuck for 5 yrs. of fun!
B004SBQGHS|5.0|this game never ends there's always a new level and more fun to be had.best game ever of all time.
B006JPS1OM|5.0|Fun to figure out. Keeps you guessing. I like games like this that make you think. Good game app to keep you entertained.
B002RAREAK|5.0|Thank you for having this CD to order as I could not find it in any Target, Walmart, or K-Mart.  Why I do not know.  It made a granddaughter very happy for her birthday.
1400079144|3.0|After reading the Davinci Code, I was intrigued.  I got this book at the library, not seeking it out, just looking for something to pass the time.  While there were parts that I enjoyed, there was a lot of annoying, useless twaddle that could have been cut out, reducing this 639 page book to a healthy 450-500 pages.  There was one part in particular, where Brown built up, built up, built up... then murdered his suspense with a screwdriver by giving a long-winded flashback of a lecture.  It stopped the book right in its tracks.  Not terrible, but not Dan Brown's best.  I expected a little bit more, but if you're a fan, read it for yourself.  It's good for a rainy afternoon.
B0052UZIFA|1.0|force closes nonstop, can't even get through a single level without it locking up my phone. Also looks very fuzzy and poorly put together compared to the PC iOS and Xbox versions. Samsung Galaxy Nexus LTE.
B0063IH60K|5.0|simple, fun and easy to navigate I play it several times a day and never get tired of it!Highly recommend it for those who are new to the solitaire game.
1451627289|5.0|Very good read. This was my first time reading a Steven King novel and was very impressed. If all his novels are this good he's got a new fan.
B000P2A256|5.0|Thank you for having this CD.  I could not find it in any K-Mart, Target, or Walmart.  It made a very happy granddaughter for Christmas.
B006BDHAX0|2.0|It could be at least 4 but it force close all the time. Some of the tiles is not clickable when it should. Needs work. Galaxy tab.
B00314VYNE|4.0|We purchased this for our 3yr old daughter as a Christmas present. The look on her face ALONE when she opened this was priceless. This toy is durable and well made. The only downside to it is Jessie's hat doesn't stay on, but that's really no reason to dislike it. Great value for the price!
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Before today, I had never listened to a Kelly Clarkson song; not intentionally, at least.  When I saw the heat she took for supporting Ron Paul, and the way she responded by sticking up for the man, I couldn't help but show her some support.  So, I've just bought her album, as my own little way of \\"voting with my feet.\\"  I've since listened to some of the tracks on youtube and I plan on listening to Kelly Clarkson songs on purpose from now on.  Thanks Kelly!
B0063IH60K|5.0|Love this card apps. I have played many differant card games for the android platform and this one is the most complete meaning it has everything for a great game.
1582701709|1.0|What??  Was this book supposed to be taken literally??  There was a lot of explaining but in the end nothing was explained.
B005ZUR724|1.0|I am sad to see that this has gone completely off the market. wtf gameloft and amazon? please bring this back to kindle fire. would love to be able to play an MMO on here!
B000BNX4MC|5.0|For years I only saw this movie on tv. I would always try to catch it from the beginning. But always missed it. It wasn't till I finally bought it that I got to see it from the beginning till the end. And I enjoy every second of it.
B005VPSEK2|5.0|I admit I only downloaded your album because of your support for Ron Paul, but I am listening to it now and it is great!  Welcome to the rEVOLution!
B0063IH60K|5.0|I have spend many ours in airplanes and in hospitals and with this game the hours run short. It's a very entairtaining game.
B003L77GHE|5.0|I really enjoy this series. The blu-ray version is truly outstanding! The product arrived before the scheduled delivery date. You will like this version if you like the series.
0790731452|1.0|The movie arrived and had no sound.  Tried different players, computers, dvd players, xbox and playstation 3; yet the movie had no sound.
B0029LX2LC|5.0|Something really has to be good or move me in some way in order for me to review it. How I got over is nothing short of a masterpiece with meaningful intense lyrics. I love that its no cursing or degrading or glorifying materialist ideals like the standard rap fodder out there. I discovered this wonderful gem at my local library and now I am going to review and likely purchase all the past material that they have made especially if it is anything like this. Dear God, Walk Alone and Doing it again are all incredible and in heavy rotation right now on my playlists. Keep up the good work.
B004SJ3BCI|3.0|Its a good app... but after u get further into it, it starts to maybe get... boring?? The adds r also annoying, if I were u I would get the .99 cent add free one. :-/
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|Additive and much fun with this on the kindle fire. The adds are barely noticeable and only take a small sliver of the upper right corner of the screen.
B005HSG3TC|5.0|When you spring for a Kindle Fire, don't short change yourself by skipping the Folio Cover. It not only protects the Kindle, it functions as a stand for viewing photos, a snappy cover to protect your screen, and an essential part of your device. Once the cover snaps into place it becomes an integral part of your Kindle; you won't believe it isn't part of the device. This is not a flimsy cardboard type stand, it is a well made essential part of the Kindle.
0545265355|5.0|I could not put these books down!  I almost felt like I was slightly neglecting my husband to read this :) Finished the trilogy within a week and a half.
B0049P1VHS|4.0|I have to say, when my wife suggested we start watching this, I expected something really cheesy. The series is certainly disturbing but it is actually well acted, well written, and well shot. The character development is really good. You actually get drawn into the story and forget that it is one of the most cliche plot themes around.  I certainly did not expect to like it so much but I have to recommend that, provided you are not squeamish about horror movies, you should check this out.
B0063IH60K|3.0|I haven't lost yet; maybe needs to be a tad more difficult but still nice and relaxing. Works well on the kindle.
B005VPSEK2|5.0|On Thursday December 29th 2011, Clarkson wrote on Twitter that if Ron Paul \\"wins the nomination for the Republican party in 2012 he's got my vote.\\" Kelly caught some flack for that and some small minded people decided they are now going to hate Kelly for expressing her opinion. I've always enjoyed all of the Kelly Kelly Clarkson songs I've ever heard on the radio, so it was a easy decision for me to purchase the MP3 deluxe version of \\"Stronger\\" from Amazon. Stay strong Kelly! Next year for Christmas all my family, friends, and co-workers are going to get Kelly Clarkson CD's for gifts :D
B0010V4TZU|5.0|I accidentally came across this band on the internet. Since the first time I have heard their music I just had to own their albums. I am very impressed with them. They bring a new and refreshing sound to my everyday music selection. I would recommend this album to anyone that is looking for a new sound.
B004EPYZSU|1.0|From now on, If they don't offer the Blu-ray disc alone at a reduced price, I will go back to buying DVD or passing completely on the movie.  Yes, some people would want the DVD+Digital Copy, but why should I have to pay for something I don't want or need.  I've already switched all our DVD players in the house for Blu-rays so I have no need for a DVD copy and I'm from old school and at this point, I don't want to mess with digital copies of movies.  I'll make this the first movie that I will refuse to buy (combo).  I'll just wait for my turn to get it from Netflix to watch.  On another note, I don't want no part of 3D.  It get's old fast and it seems to me, that they're concentrating more on something coming at you, then on the quality of the movie on the whole.  Special effects are great, but you don't have to do them in 3D to make them great.
B004LUS390|1.0|I'm a bit annoyed,  as the free version worked great, but the paid version crashes every time I try to install it. I know it's only a dollar, but come on. I'm using a Kindle Fire as well.
B005LAIIQM|4.0|I have to admit: David Cronenberg (imdb.com/name/nm0000343) is one of my favorite film directors, and is considered to be a film 'auteur' director, or, in plain English, a truly unique film director - one whom no other film director has ever rivaled. While he is best known for his somewhat more dubious films including [[ASIN:B0000CDUT5 Naked Lunch]], [[ASIN:6305161968 Crash]], and [[ASIN:B001JNNE1O A History of Violence]], David Cronenberg's 'A Dangerous Method', is one of my personal favorites for Psychology, turning this quite complicated subject into an easy-to-understand cinematic masterpiece.    I wish I could give this film a 5/5 star rating as it promises a lot of potential. However, the character of Sigmund Freud is unquestionably flat in some places, as is that of Jung, though he is seen much more closely. And the reader all but can't help sympathizing with Spielrein even though her delight in masochistic sexuality is frightening. It is a film that I highly recommend - seeing once, or maybe twice. But it is, as with other Cronenberg films, a true work of art, and you will not easily forget this film.    -- Spoiler Follows: --    The film is seen through the eyes of Carl Jung, a friend of Sigmund Freud. Jung is a doctor at an asylum and is in charge of Sabine Spielrein, a woman with a mental disorder stemming from her abusive father when she was a child. The film wanders towards her recovery - Jung going so far as to give her some of what she wants (torture mingled with sex) as a way to cure her mental problems. Freud and Jung have several heated debates on how best to cure mental problems throughout the film.
B004EPYZXK|1.0|The Apollo 13 mission was a piece of cake compared to \\"Apollo 18\\". Taking the \\"found footage\\" and conspiracy theor to absurd extremes, the makers of \\"Apollo 18\\" propose that the space program continued AFTER Apollo 17 and a secret DOD mission was sent up to set up ICBM monitoring devices on the moon. There was one problem. The astronauts found out we aren't alone.<br /><br />The film itself has plot holes big enough to fly the now retired space shuttle through and the film is all set up with very little in the way of plot development. The main flaw that dogs ALL found footage type of films also exists here--we really can't have much in the way of dramatic developments because we can't SEE everything that has happened outside the scope of the camera shooting the \\"real\\" drama. The film feels padded at a paltry 90 minutes and seems twice as long. The premise and execution might have worked well as an episode of \\"The Twilight Zone\\" or \\"The Outer Limits\\" but without any major plot developments over the course of 90 minutes (look their doing another EVA)the film feels 89 minutes too long.<br /><br />There's the kernal of a good idea in \\"Apollo 18\\" but because of the execution and decision to shoot it as a \\"found footage\\" type of film, the plot isn't allowed to pop to life and fulfill its potential. \\"Apollo 18\\" would have worked much better as a science fiction or horror thriller shot like \\"Alien\\".<br /><br />If you bought the Blu-ray for this you've wasted your money as the image quality is comparable to a standard DVD. The director does a nice job of mixing real NASA footage with the soundstage footage of the Apollo 18 crew exploring the surface of the moon but, honestly, the BD doesn't provide an improvement in image quality making it worth the extra expense.<br /><br />Most of the special features aren't anything to radio home about either as they include an audio commentary with director Gonzalo L&oacute;pez-Gallego and editor Patrick Lussier, deleted and alternate scenes and alternate endings. I don't know that any special features would have improved the movie.<br /><br />Avoid.t any special features would have improved the movie.  Avoid.
B003MC5N28|5.0|I read this back when I was in seventh grade. This is a very interesting story and still till this day I enjoy reading this book now at 22 years old. I'm not a fan of reading novels, the book has to come to life for me to stay entertained and this book does so.<br /><br />Lois sends you to this world they are living in, you feel everything that is going on in the story. The society that is illistrated in this book is very different but yet similar to governments in the past. They live in this perfect world where your future is chosen for you.  I highly recommend this book, its a book you can read over and over.
0439813786|4.0|'The Invention of Hugo Cabret' was a gift to my daughter by her great aunt way back when she was in 3rd grade. She was at a critical time when some of her friends were losing interest in books (how sad to throw away such a powerful thing as reading for pleasure) and her great aunt stepped in in a big way with this book. The sheer magnitude of the thing made her eyes open wide and she looked at her great aunt dubiously as if to say, \\"Can I read anything this big?\\" Of course, she read it - that night. And, she got up again and read it again at 4 o'clock in the morning. She was so thrilled that she could read something with this much heft that she has never shrunk from another book again. And, she has read it at least once a year (if not more) since then.<br /><br />So, because of my daughter I loved this book even before I read it. But, what did I think about it?<br /><br />I enjoyed it. The pictures are great and they tell the story well. The writing is also good. It is simply told but not a simple story. I very much enjoyed both parts of the story. I appreciated the respect paid to old movies, to history in general and the honor given to people who are very talented with their hands. It does a great job of creating a whole new world and putting the reader right into it.<br /><br />Very loosely inspired by real events, the plot involves an orphan named Hugo who lives in the Paris train depot and works as the keeper of the clocks. All of the clocks are powered by springs and have to be turned to keep running on time. Hugo is an orphan and his uncle was the keeper of the clocks and gets a room to stay in at the depot as a part of his pay. However, his uncle has now passed away and Hugo keeps the clocks running as though he is still alive just so he can have a place to live. Hugo is also afraid that he will lose an automatos (robot-like machines that look like people powered by gears) that his father was restoring at the time of his death. He has been stealing gears from a toymaker/seller in the depot to work on his automaton and at the beginning of the story he gets caught and everything looks like it will fall apart for Hugo...ot to work on his automaton and at the beginning of the story he gets caught and everything looks like it will fall apart for Hugo...
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|this. is fun an time consuming. works great on my kindle fire I really like this game so does my btother
B006JPS1OM|5.0|great app. really makes you work at it. you definitely use your you must put on your thinking cap. good plot.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|And some women are really cool.  Kelly C kicks it with this one!  Well done yet again! Recommended for any collection.
B005I6EU7U|5.0|I was looking for a well made, simple case that would be functional and timeless. This product fits the bill and I am EXTREMELY pleased with my purchase!
0446547654|5.0|I loved this book. I read it in two days. He is such a great writer. Reminded me a little of \\"Bridges of Madison County\\".
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This app is super fun!  Me and my sister both loved it.  It was really worth getting since it was free.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This is the best thing ever. I love, love, love having the bible on my phone. Now whenever I need a boost I read the Lord's word no matter where I am. This app is also easy to use and I love the plans that help me stay on track. Thanks for making this available.
B005HSG3U6|5.0|I received this case yesterday and I absolutely love it! It is very sleek in design and fits nicely in my purse. Great item for the price!
B005OCFGTO|5.0|I ordered the Harry Potter Set from Amazon a few weeks before Christmas. These discs seemed to be a bargin price compared to other stores. This set was delivered really fast using Amazon's Free Super Savers shipping, for orders over $25.     This collection has been a hit at our house. My family first watched them all in order. Now, we have been watching them in no specific order. We don't ever seem to \\"burn out\\" on watching Harry Potter. I liked watching Harry grow from a naive boy to a powerful wizard. I first saw these movies years apart at the theater. So, it was great to review them all again. This time I could put the whole Harry Potter puzzle together, for a better understanding. Now, my favorite movie is Harry Potter and The Deathly Hollows part II. Some of the supporting characters get their shining moments and you find yourself cheering them on.   We have the DVD set and have not had any problems with the quality of these movies after numerous plays. My family doesn't mind that this set didn't come with alot of frills or is not commemerative. The packaging has a nice cover and a brief synopsis of each disc on back. They come in a plastic holder that houses all eight discs. I would highly recommend this set to all Harry Potter fans.
B006IGZWB2|2.0|After being disappointed in the book I had some hope that all the glowing reviews of the film might be deserved. Unfortunately the movie was a typical formula Hollywood studio piece with, despite the good cast, barely adequate acting, corny predictable humor, southern stereotypes, average direction, average screenplay, etc,etc. Except for Viola Davis. Bless her heart, she did her best to carry this movie and give it some heft, which the wonderful story obviously deserved, but it was all pretty much a silly mess. I kept feeling Viola had wandered into the wrong movie, a shame.
B005ZUR724|1.0|bought the game never got to play. waste of time money but at least now I know not to buy anything made by gameloft because there's no support and I doubt they even care about how many takers they're losing.
B003L77GG0|5.0|Smallville was a fantastic TV series from the the very first episode in 2001. The show did nothing but get better all the way through Season 10. Smallville had outstanding special effects and its use of characters introduced on the show and actors and actresses from previous Superman movies and TV such as Christopher Reeve, Dean Cain, Teri Hatcher, Margot Kidder, Helen Slater and Terence Stamp as the voice of Jor-el was over the top. The final 2-hour Series Finale brought the whole 10 years together. The introduction of new stars such as Tom Welling, Kristen Kruek, Michael Rosenbaum, Erica Durance and Justin Hartley blended perfectly with more seasoned stars such as John Schneider, Annette O'Toole and John Glover. The use of the Superman musical score by John Williams and the new Smallville theme by Remy Zero completed the package. You don't have to be Superman fan to enjoy this DVD collection. I'm terribly sorry it's over but it set a standard for others to follow.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Okay, Kelly is my hero and her album Breakaway is still on my iPod as one of my ten albums I want stranded on an island with. Her next 2 albums were good, but not breakaway good. Because of this, I had so so confidence going into this album! Then it released and Kelly...as you say in one song, \\"You Can't Win\\" .... Well girl you just did with this album! This album is amazing from start to finish it is just as good if not better than breakaway! I cannot stop listening to it! Stronger is my own personal motivational song, it is on constant repeat. Then the rest of the albums songs come in like an orgasmic audio pleasure. Each song is great! My favorites are Stronger, Dark Side, Honestly, You Love Me, Einstein, I Forgive You, The War Is Over,  Let Me Down, You Can't Win, Alone, Don't You Want To Stay, and The Sun Will Rise! So as you can see that is pretty much the entire album. I bought this album when it first came out and it instantly became my new favorite album. That is why I was shocked to see that it was not selling as well as I would imagine. I knew once here name got out that it would be a sure hit. But we heard nothing!! Right when I was feeling sad for Kelly,Moshe came through. You see I make all my friends listen to this album and once they hear it they ask who it is and off they are to buy it. So I was sad thinking this would be yet another album that deserved so much more!  Then came the now infamous tweet about Eon Paul and it put Kelly right into everyone's minds again. Once they knew she had a new album out, it was over. They came, they listen, they bought. Let's get this album to number 1.... The album deserves it!
B006FLGBGA|3.0|I didn't think the digital effort was great at all. The movement a lot of times was very unreal, and looked phony. The animals faces were okay at times, and some bad and un-natural at times, so in that regard, it was only passing to me. The one thing I found interesting was that I wanted the primates to WIN soooo badly. I found myself wanting them to kill off almost all human beings, and start over again to be truthful. I guess that tells me a lot about where our society has gone and how far down we've gone. The acting was just terrible also. We have the main Doctor science character not able to make you feel \\"anything\\" but how poor his effort is in acting. I don't know, but the movie never pulls it off, and never gets me to remotely believe this ever could happen, so the emotions are just not generated to make it a good flick...it was simply okay is all.
B004TJ1GVK|5.0|Best movie ever! Acting was OK. Plot was good. I love all the gratuitous scenes! ;-) Where else are you gonna see \\"Mama\\" naked?! Richard Davi put in a good performance. Mama's definitely at the top of my list!!!
B004J2TPSI|1.0|I bought this, along with this receiver (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0047T79VS/ref=cm_cr_mts_prod_img), so that my wife could listen to her laptop computer through the household stereo system.  Problem is, I needed about 25 feet range, which would have been fine if the 30-33 feet range advertised was true. It was not true. I got maybe 10 feet from this before the audio degraded to the point where it was unlistenable.    I returned these and bought this Creative Labs product (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002BDU95A/ref=oh_o02_s00_i00_details) and have been very happy with it. Sounds awesome, range is easily the 25 feet I needed.
B006BDHAX0|1.0|this was the free app on 31-Dec -2011. it wasn't worth it. on my KF the control panel didn't work, so I couldn't turn off the sound. it crashed my keyboard. it wasn't obvious where the User docs are hidden.<br /><br />I removed it from my KF. brutal review? you bet. I'm only interested in apps that run and are easy to use.
B0063GORYU|5.0|easy to play. very fun! the ads pop up after each game so you are not interrupted. and I love how it saves your spot if you have to stop playing.
B003HARV3Y|4.0|My whole family enjoyed this movie a lot. My 2 boys have watched it over and over again. (ages 8 and 5 y/o) While I have not read the books, we thought that the movie was great. Maybe that makes a big difference, I don't know. But, don't let the bad reviews keep you from watching a good family action adventure movie.
B003L0V758|5.0|This album The ArchAndroid is simply amazing, from back to front there is hardly any flaws here in this piece of musical art. The production is epic and the lyrics are fantastic regarding Today's standards. My favorite tracks are Sir Greendown, Tightrope, Locked Inside just to name a few. Therefore, I recommend this album to everyone because it's a listening experience that all should experience.
B0002JP4L4|5.0|Original is better than the remake and wanted to have it in my collection. The dance sequences are fantastic. The DVD was received on time and in good condition. We are enjoying it.
B005FITIK0|4.0|Director Jason Reitman and writer Diablo Cody reteam (following the widely successful \\"Juno\\" of a few years ago) to bring us another \\"slice of life\\" movie.<br /><br />\\"Young Adult\\" brings the story of a mid/late 30s woman (played brilliantly by Charlize Theron) who seemingly never grew up (hence still \\"young adult\\") and feels and acts as if it's still high school. Her job (writing \\"young adult\\" books) is going nowhere either and for no good reason she decides to go back from Minneapolis to her hometown (fictional Mercury, Minnesota) to win back the love of her HS boyfriend who is now a happily married man with a baby. You'll just have to see for yourself how it all plays out.<br /><br />Reitman and Cody do a great job bringing this intensely unlikable character in full nuance. But hats off to Charlize Theron who really outshines everyone in bringing this troubles character in a way that makes it believable and not a caricature. No, this is definitely not a \\"feel good\\" movie in the way \\"Juno\\" could be viewed, but \\"Young Adult\\" is very much a worthwhile movie nevertheless, and by all means Theron should pick up an Oscar nomination for her performance.
B005ZUR724|1.0|every time I buy a gameloft game and download it then open it it says I need 300+ data, in the information of the game it never says that you need 300+ data, so then I'm stuck with the games that I bought and wasted my money
B005K17RU0|4.0|This app has both a consistent forecast as well as a good radar. I prefer this to the weather.com app for that reason.
B0063IH60K|4.0|Great play on DROID X2 - love the many options - smooth play and great interface.  It's the most similar to Windows Solitaire I've ever seen.
B0064T6LV8|5.0|Works great on the Kindle Fire. Adds are not in the way on my devise.  No problems for me. Thumbs up from me.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I love this game. I play every day. Do not miss the fun you can have playing this game. I highly recommend it.
142311339X|5.0|I just recently got my kindle for christmas, but my brother gave me his hard cover copy of The Lost Hero by Rick Riordan to read and i loved it!! it is a must read. Rick Riordan is one of the best authors in my opinion. :) This book was exciting and I didn't want to put it down. I don't want to give anything away, but it keeps you wondering throughout the whole book :) You'll see why when you read it. If you are a fan of greek and roman mythology and action then this book is for you!! It's deffinately worth your money :) plus, it's the first in a series! i'm dying to read the second book! Just read it you'll love it!
B0063IH60K|5.0|It's solitaire and I've played for hours straight. I have an addiction. There are ads, but who cares? It takes half a second to x out of them.
B000O599ZS|1.0|Just saw the movie and had to force myself to sit through it.  Yes, some pretty colored views of Monument Valley.  John Wayne sleep walks through it playing John Wayne.  Ward Bond played Ward Bond.  Jeffrey Hunter, an actor equal to much better work, was cast as a young man who was part \\"Injun\\" and therefore had a conflict with Wayne. -NOTHING was made of his Indian status in any fashion in the plot, or their personal conflict. - And this was typical of the film. - Sloppy screenwriting, pitiful dialogue and embarrassing lack of direction.  Vera Miles screeched through every scene.  Natalie Wood was on camera for less than five minutes and her role could have been played by any starlet in Hollywood with better results.  John Wayne's son, I suppose, was there to provide \\"comic relief\\", and his performance was laughable if it were not so painful to watch him struggle through it. - What I want to know is WHY is this film being called a \\"masterpiece\\"?!!  Do not spend your time watching it and do not spend you money buying it.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I really enjoy this app, but that is most likely because I enjoy playing Solitaire and this app allows me to do so without any interruptions.
B0063IH60K|5.0|its a great ap, User friendly. saves my place when i close it. its fast. takes the boredom away while I'm waiting.
B003O86FMW|5.0|Breathtaking and powerful, this book will hook you from the first page and make you scream in agony at the cliffhanger ending.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Kelly, thank you so much for your unwavering support for Dr. Ron Paul. I was always a fan of yours since the first time I heard you sing on American Idol. Thank you for remaining genuine despite your stardom. You are a huge star in more ways than in singing to so many people.
B005PTQPU0|3.0|Now, I admit that I came late to Kate Bush, seeing the video for \\"Running Up That Hill\\" in 1985 on MTV and thinking as a 12 year old, how boring! Not the song, but the video. I mean, as I remember it, there were far more interesting and creative videos such as Dire Straits' \\"Money For Nothing\\" or a-ha's \\"Take On Me\\" that year. It wasn't until 1989 when I was working at a music store that I bought my first Kate Bush album, \\"The Sensual World\\". I remember at that time that the previous year I had seen \\"She's Having A Baby\\" and Kate Bush's \\"This Woman's Work\\" really stood out to me. I bought that soundtrack prior to buying \\"The Sensual World\\". Of course, \\"This Woman's Work\\" appeared again on \\"The Sensual World\\" as well. That album I felt was okay, and over the years I've learned to think it one of her best works. In 1993, I quickly bought \\"The Red Shoes\\" and enjoyed it quite a bit. I have since understood that, for whatever reason, Kate Bush fans and critics somehow consider \\"The Red Shoes\\" a failure. I don't understand that since it is filled with creativity and catchy songs--the very thing I enjoy about Kate Bush (and pop music).<br /><br />Then the disappearance. 12 years passed, and great for Kate Bush to raise her son, but not so great for us fans. When she returned in 2005 with the double album \\"Ariel\\" I was concerned. A double album? After 12 years? Suicide. Sure enough \\"Ariel\\" was strangely praised by critics, but I felt she had lost her mojo. There was nothing really memorable there, nothing even remotely as memorable as anything from the supposedly weak \\"The Red Shoes\\". At least \\"The Red Shoes\\" had memorable tracks like \\"Rubberband Girl\\", \\"Eat The Music\\", \\"Why Should I Love You?\\", \\"And So Is Love\\", \\"Song Of Solomon\\", \\"The Red Shoes\\", etc. What, exactly, did \\"Ariel\\" possess? Nothing even close.<br /><br />So, earlier this year, Kate Bush decides to re-make/re-model some songs from \\"The Sensual World\\" and \\"The Red Shoes\\" for \\"The Director's Cut\\". What? Peter Gabriel did a better job with his \\"New Blood\\" this year. At least he tried to shake things up. What did Kate do?<br /><br />And then there's \\"50 Words For Snow\\". Two Kate albums in the same year? She hasn't done that since 1978's \\"The Kick Inside\\" and \\"Lionheart\\". Again, bad sign. \\"50 Words For Snow\\" reverts to the classic 7 song structure, with some of the longest songs she's ever committed to cd. \\"Misty\\" is over 13 minutes, the longest studio album track Bush has ever done. I am not opposed to a short track list in favor of longer song structures. I thoroughly enjoy Yes, King Crimson, Emerson, Lake & Palmer, Genesis and Rush--they all knew how to make long songs work very well.<br /><br />\\"50 Words For Snow\\" is the equivalent of being in a rural cottage in the middle of winter while outside the temperature is 10 degrees and a gentle blizzard of snow is coming down. You have your hot tea/coffee/chocolate in hand, relaxing by a warm fire. Snore. Yes, snore. Try as I might, listening to this album multiple times, all week long, I felt some enjoyment, but not much. \\"Lake Tahoe\\" and \\"Misty\\" and even \\"Among Angels\\" seem to go nowhere. They meander in and out without leaving any impression. \\"Wild Man\\" seems to be about the Yeti/abominable snowman, and it, too, seems to do very little. The title track, \\"50 Words For Snow\\" falls utterly flat. How annoying to recite 50 words for snow for 8 minutes? You know what I really thought? I thought that song would have been served rightly had Laurie Anderson done it. She would have known how to truly make into something unique and meditative. Here, Kate just wimps out.<br /><br />That leaves \\"Snowflake\\" where Albert McIntosh lends some melodic vocals to offset Kate's almost manly sounding vocals. The song has something to it, however faint, that I continued to enjoy with repeated listening. And here comes the debate: I felt the best track here was the duet with Elton John on \\"Snowed In At Wheeler Street\\". I felt the song itself was decently written. It was at least a narrative story of two lovers who meet and lose each other repeatedly throughout their lives. It felt like a whole, complete piece of work. Some irrelevant critic here complained had they known Elton John was going to sing they would not have bought the album. Give me a break. Bush covered John's \\"Rocket Man\\". She obviously knows talent when she hears it. I think he adds interest to the track, and the song has at least some resemblance of a melody.<br /><br />Still, \\"Ariel\\", \\"Director's Cut\\" and \\"50 Words For Snow\\" all fall seriously flat. If it wasn't Kate Bush, she'd be out of a record contract. Which brings me to my other opinion: \\"The Kick Inside\\", \\"Lionheart\\" and \\"Never For Ever\\" were not that great either. Shrieking, screeching and nasally helium vocals do not great albums make. Kate Bush is a difficult, uneven artist. I appreciate her creativity and originality, but consistent she is not. Tori Amos was more consistent.<br /><br />I'm sure \\"50 Words For Snow\\" is divisive, just like \\"Director's Cut\\" and \\"Ariel\\" I think. Either you will like this or you won't. Here's how it compares to her previous works:<br /><br />1978 The Kick Inside: Three and a Half Stars<br />1978 Lionheart: Three Stars<br />1980 Never For Ever: Three and a Half Stars<br />1982 The Dreaming: Four Stars<br />1985 The Hounds Of Love: Five Stars<br />1989 The Sensual World: Four and a Half Stars<br />1993 The Red Shoes: Four Stars<br />2005 Ariel: Two and a Half Stars<br />2011 The Director's Cut: Two and a Half Stars<br />2011 50 Words For Snow: Two and a Half Starsof two lovers who meet and lose each other repeatedly throughout their lives. It felt like a whole, complete piece of work. Some irrelevant critic here complained had they known Elton John was going to sing they would not have bought the album. Give me a break. Bush covered John's \\"Rocket Man\\". She obviously knows talent when she hears it. I think he adds interest to the track, and the song has at least some resemblance of a melody.  Still, \\"Ariel\\", \\"Director's Cut\\" and \\"50 Words For Snow\\" all fall seriously flat. If it wasn't Kate Bush, she'd be out of a record contract. Which brings me to my other opinion: \\"The Kick Inside\\", \\"Lionheart\\" and \\"Never For Ever\\" were not that great either. Shrieking, screeching and nasally helium vocals do not great albums make. Kate Bush is a difficult, uneven artist. I appreciate her creativity and originality, but consistent she is not. Tori Amos was more consistent.  I'm sure \\"50 Words For Snow\\" is divisive, just like \\"Director's Cut\\" and \\"Ariel\\" I think. Either you will like this or you won't. Here's how it compares to her previous works:  1978 The Kick Inside: Three and a Half Stars  1978 Lionheart: Three Stars  1980 Never For Ever: Three and a Half Stars  1982 The Dreaming: Four Stars  1985 The Hounds Of Love: Five Stars  1989 The Sensual World: Four and a Half Stars  1993 The Red Shoes: Four Stars  2005 Ariel: Two and a Half Stars  2011 The Director's Cut: Two and a Half Stars  2011 50 Words For Snow: Two and a Half Stars
0143119680|5.0|First, I want to thank the author for treating the reader with respect. I truly enjoy books that are not \\"dumbed\\" down to appeal to the general population. This book was well paced with richly developed characters. This book not only captured my imagination but stirred my curiosity about the history and science that is touches upon. I look forward to the next one. In fact, I can't wait.
B005ZUR724|1.0|no stars for no update.  hurry up and be good to the people that helped you rake in one million dollars in 20 days.
B004FOA84A|4.0|Great combinstion of puzzle and mystery game.  It is too short. My 10 year old daughter nearly solved it in about two hours on a plane ride.  It leaves you wanting more. I hope they follow it up and weave in a bit more story to the plot. The ending was queer. The game play was just right.
B005K17RU0|4.0|AccuWeather is a good app for gauging the weather. I wish the weather would track your location without having to be refreshed.
B0002F6AH0|5.0|I remember watching this series back in the 70's as a boy with my father and being fascinated with every episode.  I purchased this DVD set and watched the first episode with my children.  They are not very interested in WW2 type documentaries, but they (and my wife) all wanted to see another episode the very next night.  We watched two in a row.  It was just a good as I remember.
B005KELQEU|4.0|Just received this case for my new Kindle Touch, and overall I'm happy with the case. As some other reviews have stated, the kindle fits extremely snug, and the orientation does seem to matter. The first time I put the kindle in upside down as it seems I have on of the cases with the upside-down \\"Belkin\\" tag, and when I closed the zipper it turned the kindle back on without me knowing. The outside \\"leather\\" could be nicer, but I'm pretty confident that my device is safe in this case.
B001NHNG64|2.0|After reading 2 other books in this series, I was eager for more of the same intense suspense that Lee Child creates.  Instead this starts with the world's longest car ride.  That then gives way to the hero facing the villians and the books spends pages and pages on their \\"evil\\" diatribe.  Ah, come on, Lee.  When will this plot start to move?  I was about to give up, but I was on the beach, out of reach of whisper net, so I trudged on.  And the book improved, only to stumble on a major plot fault on the last pages.  One of the bad guys is in the clear.  Nobody suspects him.  And then for no reason, he grabs a gun and a hostage.  Huh?  It is a setup for the final denouement of the plot, but the twist is not logical and it was a disappointment compared to the 2 other books I had read (Killing Floor and Worth Dying For, which I do recommend).
B004VMUS9G|1.0|The alarm clock was not loud enough for me to hear and I was not able to wake up from the alarm. Would not recommend downloading this product.
B001NLKT60|5.0|I found this to be an eye opener.  a superb a original piece of thriller fiction, that has all of the right things to make it exciting and always re-inventing itself.  I'm still not sure where all of the characters fitted, all I know is that the overall effect is that this is a fiction masterpiece.
0446619078|5.0|I started reading some of the Connelly works a few months ago and I sort of \\"tripped\\" into his Harry Bosch series. However I have not read them in order, just skipped around. This one is by far a most interesting piece of work and has all the elements of a good mystery.   Harry is placed in a most awful position after having physically attacked his boss over a situation in the squad room and he is placed on suspension. So to keep his sanity he decides to look into an old case that was never really fully developed and closed as an unsolved some twenty years ago. It turns out that the case is the homocide of his mother and the way he attempts to solve the mystery takes many turns and twists. Being on a suspension until he clears a psychiatric review which entails many visits to the doctor hinders his access to police information, but he finds unique ways around those roadblocks as well.   Things begin to heat up in the last hundred or so pages when the reader is taken on a fast paced ride where it appears that Harry has solved the mystery only to be thrown a curve and find out that something else is amiss with his possible solution. The action picks up as dead bodies start to pile up and Harry is the suspect in one such murder which brings even more pressure on him from the LAPD. Harry has to revise his possible solution as well as stay out from suspicion of the LAPD in one of the murders. He continues to refine his ideas until again he reaches what appears to be the final solution.  The book is well written and logical. Some of the clues are there for the reader to find and see, but the ending when the murder is actually solved and Harry sort of \\"bumps\\" into the unveiling of the true killer is interesting. This is a good book to read and any avid mysterty reader will enjoy the ride through the tale as only Connelly can spin it.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This is my favorite app of them all. I love how it gives you multiple versions of the Bible to read! The plans are very helpful. I recommend this to any and everyone
B0054JZC6E|5.0|the game is clearly better than the reveiws state and its a great pastime for a long boring day. blah
0553386794|5.0|It's not often I read something such as this, with this level of detail, and I'm pleased to have found it. George R R Martin uses literary descriptions that are both fantastical and cunning to lay out a massive world before us which plays through many eyes in these seven kingdoms. This being the first book in the series lays out much of the story to come without having too much of a cliffhanger approach. Its girth and content allows for explanation of major events and plays them out to finality while still giving reason to continue on to the next books. I have been a huge fantasy fan for years and have found this to be some of the best writing I have seen in quite some time.
0897502027|4.0|I bought this book for my youngest son.  It was one of two things he asked for, so it was a no brainer.  He spent the rest of his time here with it open and reading it!  So I am fairly sure that it was a hit!
B0063IH60K|5.0|This game is really fun and easy to use. It gets addicting and keeps you entertained  for hours. Highly recommended!
B006BDHAX0|2.0|this game sucks worst game ever but I wove anger birds. angry birds is fun same as ninjas jump. but this game stinks.
B006C1DH92|5.0|This game gives fruit ninjas a new addicting spin. Immediately I was captured by the addictive fruit ninja gameplay. The unlocks and missions are great and the freeplay give this game good replay value. The downsides are how quickly the game can be completed by a skilled player, the lack of missile, and the lack of possible unlocks. Overall for 99cents this game is a steal. This one deserves an easy 5 out of 5. Must buy!
0765350386|5.0|absolutely AMAZING!!! a completely unique, engrossing, emotionally gut-wrenching and thought-evoking read with amazing characters so easy to fall in love with. Not to mention a completely imaginative world and an amazingly interesting complex plot with constant twists and turns. A start to a new favorite series! I absolutely love this book and recommend it to anyone looking for a completely epic fantasy book.
B002ZG98UK|3.0|I like zombie movies. I realize this movie is terrible, but I still like it. Obviously the first resident evil movie was the best, after that they have all been okay in my opinion. 3D in it is okay, kind of gimmicky though (throwing ninja stars at your face).
B0063IH60K|5.0|play it way to much. lose track of time easily. very quick and easy to play. fun to play anywhere.
0307586901|5.0|This was a Christmas gift for my daughter. She takes great pride in decorating and setting the mood when entertaining and knew that this book would bring her to that next level. She was taking a few days off at the holidays and was looking forward to sitting with a cup of coffee and planning her next holiday party.
076790592X|5.0|This is an amazing and inspiring book. I watched the interview with Ted Koppel many years ago and was very touched at the courage Morrie showed us. He aimed to teach us all about living and loving, despite his many trials. Mitch Albom is a compelling author who tells Morrie's story in a way that will be forever memorable and will touch the life of anyone who reads it.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|Every student should see this series before getting out of high school.  It's great history about our founders that most of us DIDN'T get when we were in school.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|lots of fun to play. many different games. I enjoy very much. easy ways to get points to unlock new challenging lvls.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|love this app on my kindle! helps keep me awake in the middle of the night when I'm up with kids!
B005W3G2D4|4.0|Nice album. I've heard of Kelly but never bought her album. I still didn't buy her album because I  just wanted the songs I loved. Thanks for endorsing Ron Paul and getting me to check out your music seriously. I love Einstein! this is one of only a few music purchases this year for me.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Wow, this CD is amazing.  You are very talented.  Thank you for making such quality music that is so hard to find these days!  Also, thanks for your support of Ron Paul, that is what caused me to initially buy your CD.
B005HSG3TC|5.0|This works great for my Kindle Fire..it doesn't add much bulk to the Fire and it's nice to have a cover for it.
B005G4TJI4|4.0|I knew Transformers was bare bone blu ray meaning it only had the movie NO extras. I didn't want pay more than $15. During Black Friday, Amazon has Transformers for $9.99 as a Lighting deal. Unfortunately, I was slow and missed the deal but I left it in my cart. A week later I received an email stating Amazon would give me a credit so I could get the movie @ 9.99. Transformers was 26.99 at the time. I ordered it, received FREE shipping because initial price was over $25. Total price $10.81. Thanks Amazon!!! Oh, the blu ray is demo quality. Great PQ and AQ.
B003ZSJ212|4.0|This brief review is coming from a casual Star Wars fan, far from some of the fanatics who hate anything but the original versions.   Movies:    These are the same great Star Wars movies everyone knows.  I personally like all 6 as the story really pulls you in, although many purists simply hate the new ones.  This is understandable, but the casual fan will like them all.  Yes there were some changes added to the Blu-ray editions, but I don't think they are as bad as most have made them out to be.  This is especially the case if you're younger and may have never seen the original versions to begin with.  Overall, some of the greatest movies you'll ever see, especially if you have any interest in Sci-fi.  Video Quality:    The video quality of these 1080p Blu-ray's is very good for the most part.  Episode 3 is excellent and this is expected given it is the most recent.  All of the original 3 Episodes have very good quality which is really saying something considering their age.  Episode 2 is all pretty decent with episode 1 having the worst quality of the 6.  This is due to much of it being filmed with with early versions of digital cameras.  Overall I would give the picture quality a 4/5 for the entire series, taking into account the age of the films.  Audio Quality:  This is where all of these films really excel.  The sound is great on a simple 2 channel system, but watch these on a full surround sound home theater and prepare to be amazed!  There are very few other movies I have seen where the sound is on this level.  The light sabers hum around you, rumbling of spaceships and the dialogue are all top notch.  All of the Star Wars episodes definitely provide reference level sound, which I give a 5/5.  Extras:  I've never been one to watch extras, but this saga contains tons of extras to keep you busy for a long time.  If you want to see documentaries, behind the scenes and deleted scenes from Star Wars, then this Blu-Ray saga is for you!  Overall Impressions:  Overall, the Star Wars Blu-ray saga is a great addition for any Star Wars enthusiast or one who demands the best home theater experience available.  If you already have the DVD's, upgrading would be necessary only if you want to hear and see the absolute best.  I personally felt it was worth the upgrade for the audio quality alone and the great picture quality is the icing. I give the Blu-ray saga a 4.5/5 overall with perfect scores for the movies and audio.  While the picture quality is great, I feel they messed around with Episodes 1 and 2 a bit too much by adding too much edge enhancement, dropping my overall score a tad.
B006BDHAX0|3.0|nice, but wont pause after pressing off button on Kindle Fire (music keeps playing when screen is blank). resets after playing a while (as others have stated).
B005KMX866|2.0|chris Isaak is one of my favorite's but this album seemed to miss something.Maybe my expectations were a little to high.
B004LWZW4C|4.0|I saw this in theaters and thought it was Okay. I was not planning to add to Blu ray collection. I was purchasing Super 8 and needed to order something else to get FREE shipping($25 purchase). X-men was $9.99. Shipment arrived quickly. X-men was MUCH BETTER the second time. PQ and AQ are very good. Some movies are just better on blu.. I buy 85% of my blu rays from Amazon. They always have the best prices.
B006BDHAX0|1.0|Application constantly crashes or drops to black screen. When you back out of a game to go to another app it does not save your progress when you return. App seems to have been rushed to market. VERY BUGGY.
B004EPYZSK|1.0|\\"Cowboys & Aliens.\\" The title immediately makes you believe the movie just may be an action/scifi/western that should be, at minimum, entertaining to watch. The title was correct on the first three accounts. The movie is part action, part science fiction, and a great deal of western, rolled into one. What the title does not convey is the medical aspect to the movie. As my husband and I watched, brain cells were being destroyed, thousands at a time, with each passing second we took in this movie. I am curious, had this attack on brain cells happened previous to the movies making to the writers, producers, director, and actors?  I enjoy independent films, slapstick comedy, purely dumb yet fun scripts, even movies that reach a bit too far into the realm of possibilities. I love everything from the Die Hard and Mission Impossible series, Bourne series, to the movie Friday, National Lampoons Christmas Vacation, and darker, deeply saddening, historical movies such as Schindler's List. Momma Mia, although I'm not a fan of musicals was fun, greatly entertaining. \\"Cowboys and Aliens,\\" falls under no other category other than horrifically ridiculous, a colossal waste of time and money, and a direct assault on most of our intelligence.   The most this movie gets from me is a question. What is Hollywood doing with the lion's share of their time?
B00000DG1R|4.0|Very fast delivery.  The only thing is that there is a small (maybe quarter inch) crack on the front of the case.  This really doesn't matter to me as I take them out of the cases anyways.  Packaging seemed fine, may just be a bad luck shipment?  All and all, I am pleased. Thank you!
B002UPA4ZY|5.0|The arrangements are interesting, exciting and unique. And there is great variety with duets with other artists.   I recently gave this DVD as a Christmas gift to my chime choir as we are playing \\"God Bless Us Everyone.\\"I knew the DVD would help the players learn the song but they would also remember each year the times we played together.  The choir has enjoyed this DVD so much. One comment from a player said the music so beautiful it made her cry.
B004KAB5QO|4.0|I truly enjoyed this book...but...it's more a Short Story than a Novel.  If Ms. Hill had ended it with some spunk...instead of limping out the drawing room door...I would have given it five stars.  I had the same feeling with Lady in Black...it, too, deserved a better ending.  Whichever one reads first...all must wonder if there's a sequel in the shadows.  But...with this second offering in the same genre...and no tie in whatsoever to the first...it looks as if we've been left to our own imaginations.  Having said that...I still do recommend it. I'm reminded of the scary tales told around the campfire...atmospherically chilly and eerie.  And I find myself either spending too much time gazing into paintings...or avoiding looking at all!
B000OPPBEQ|4.0|Gran obra audiovisual, excelente realizacion.  Soy un fan de las 3 peliculas y tambien de Animatrix.  Especialmente de la primera parte, \\"The Matrix\\".  Una pelicula que hizo una inflexion sobre las peliculas de ciencia ficcion que hasta ese momento se conocian
0812977246|5.0|Three corpses are found in Gorky Park, a murder investigation begins and we are introduced to Arkady Renko. It gets engagingly slow as you are further introduced to a beautifully imagined world that the author never visited. Halfway into the novel if the author decided to dump the plot and write Renko's biography, you'd still be likely to have read on. The Bonus is that the plot never disappoints.
B002NEFL8W|5.0|Aside from the fact that it makes your rig look that much more professional, it gives you more power and the option to use AA's as backup power if you drain your rechargeable battery packs.  the best feature is the grip and buttons in the right place for operating the camera in a portrait orientation.  Costs twice as much as the knock-off's, but if you're like me (the kind of person who pays $25 for a genuine Canon lens hood that is basically the same piece of plastic as the knock-off) then you won't care about the price knowing that you're getting the genuine part.
B0063IH60K|5.0|An old favorite!!  Take it anywhere to pass the time. Love the feature to click on cards without having to slide them with a mouse.
B00000GAIW|5.0|2011-12-31
0062101897|5.0|If you are a fan of the movie series, this book is a must have. The photography is stunning. Lots of description of the CGI, green screen, and animatronics used. If you're looking for new information about the casting, probably not the book for you. Most of that has been covered in Entertainment Weekly articles. But I was wondering if there would be any new information in there for someone like me that has seen all the special features and has visited the traveling movie exhibit - there is.   One thing I didn't realize until I saw it was that this is a coffee table style book and it is HEAVY. When I picked the box up off my porch I thought they sent the wrong thing!
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Never really listened to Kelly Clarkson before her Ron Paul endorsement, but Ive been listening to this all day now and Im enjoying it! Very talented woman and very smart ;)
B0006AAS5G|5.0|Very happy with my watch Invicta was what I expected from my purchase, good response and good produc. Thank you very much.
B005SV9X22|5.0|The product was sent and received in 72 hours. Great Concert and the DVD has some interesting bonus options. Love Lady GaGa or watch this concert dvd and see why you should!
B0063GORYU|5.0|Great game.  Loved it. Like the auto move feature. Makes the game go faster. Don't think there is anything I would change on the game.
B005UKJX4E|5.0|The film is gorgeous, thought-provoking, and profound - all with very little story or dialogue. You either love it or you hate it.
B004SBQGHS|5.0|This game is very addicting to play, great for passing time in doctors offices or at home on the couch! Great puzzle solver.
B002NZK5VY|5.0|Great movie, Bullock and Grant have great chemistry, a good story, easy to follow and a good ending.  An excellent movie to watch over and over again, something all the family can watch and enjoy.
B006O5Y0SS|2.0|Don't waste your time.  The historical figures were just name dropping, rather than introducing any interesting facts or stories.  Both my wife and I did not like it.
B0063IH60K|4.0|I like to play solitaire when I have nothing to do so I decided that I would try this version.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Cute quirky game with amazing graphics. not really any storyline but makes up for it in subtly amazing game play.
B0019OP0GU|5.0|If you like a nice family sit down movie, especially I imagine with children keen on Ballet and arts (but not limited) this is a great movie. It is touching. It has a series of struggles and with smiles the characters manage well, and learn from hard lessons.<br /><br />Great movie for a niche audience<br /><br />Bravo
B0057R5XRG|5.0|The Blu-ray edition is a definite upgrade over DVD.  Don't be dissuaded by the folks who complain about \\"grain\\" in indoor scenes.  Not a big deal, really.  I own the Jurassic Park DVD as well, and the Blu-ray version is vastly superior both in picture and sound.  If you look carefully, the DVD also has grain in the same scenes, except that it's not as noticeable because of DVD's lower resolution.  Maybe the filmmakers could have done a better job transferring the picture to the 1080p definition.  But if you want to own a copy of Jurassic Park, this Blu-ray edition is the best rendition of the movie to date.
B001YV502C|5.0|Already seen the movie but the hubby asked for it for Christmas. Movie came when it said it would and well it works!
1612130283|3.0|My best friend recommended this book to me.  She usually reads very \\"braining literature\\".  She told me that it was like Twilight without the vampires and strictly NC-17.  What she didn't prepare me for was the quality of the writing.  If you're used to Anne Rice, this writing will disappoint you.  As I began to read I almost put it down several times because the writing was just aweful.  It was filled with cliches and many, many unedited mistakes in grammar and writing.  Ana is endlessly tucking her stray hair behind her ear, feeling odd exhilarating shivers running through her, and flushes and blushes eternally. While Christian is forever scowling and \\"cocking\\" his head to one side or the other. The main character, Anastasia, has lengthy conversations with her subconscious which really gets annoying after awhile because it makes the reader feel like an idiot.  She didn't have to have inner conflict solliloquies.  The author continuously felt the need to explain Ana's thought process.  It was not necessary.  The subconscious and inner goddess dialogue did not add anything to the story.  That being said, here is what I really enjoyed about this book.  FIRST, it was HOT.  Christian is every woman's \\"wet dream\\".  He's rich, handsome, and attentive.  He does things to Ana most women would love for a man to do to them but would never publically admit it. Aside from the REALLY HOT SEX, he has issues and I loved going along with Ana to figure out what made Christian tick.  I loved that even though Ana's naive, she still has a mind.  Every time I had a question, Ana had that same question.  I liked that the sex wasn't extreme.  I didn't cringe every time they went into the \\"red room of pain\\".  LOL  Will I read book 2?  Yes.  Why?  It's not because of the writing.  It's because this book takes you away to a fantasy world.  Guys should read it just to brush up of their sexual technique.  The three stars are because the writing needs polish.  That aside, the story is worthwhile.  Get it. Get it right now.
B003Y5H5AG|5.0|I remember as a boy, in elementary watching the Smurfs, and now my own daughter is in to this. She watched it in the theatre and I gave it a miss. Now we have bought the DVD and we have watched it twice together. She has shared it with many friends, boredom never sets in. We had spent three summers in NY, and this helps a lot. Many places are familiar.<br /><br />If you used to like the Smurfs as a child, and have a child around the age of 8 - 11, this may be fun. Of course it is not for everyone - but if a faf, Smurftastic !!
B005H0IW6W|5.0|Got this for my girlfriend to listen to leading up to Christmas. She loves it and it definitely set the mood around the house!
B0064TVQ5E|3.0|Kindle Fire -  Pros: it has 20 levels, great graphics, relaxing music, fun twist on classic game  Cons: force closes every couple of games, hard to locate volume controls  Considering the fact that this App is free, it isn't terrible. Like others, I really enjoyed the relaxing music, as well as the graphics. I would have liked to have easier accessible volume control, but that isn't my biggest complaint. The app randomly closes out every third game or so. it was really frustrating. I completed all of the levels (20 total in the free version) out of pure determination, but will be uninstalling.
B004SJ3BCI|2.0|angry birds has millions of pop up adds! stops working sometimes!  AND ITS PLANE OLD IDIOTOIC! That's why angry birds is not cool.
6304712936|5.0|Not sure why I have not seen this before now, but having just returned from Salzburg, in Austria (his hometown) I decided it was time. Brilliant film, and really enjoyed the directors cut, even at 3 hrs, I was held throughout. If you like Mozart, or music history, watch this. What a clever mind he had. Compositions not to be repeated - especially from a 12 year old (the time of his first full composition). Amazing Amadeus.
B006G2NVCA|5.0|Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross have returned to film scoring after winning the Oscar for their work on David Fincher's \\"The Social Network\\".  Now they have taken on David Fincher's new film, \\"The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo\\". Now, I've been into Reznor's instrumental style for quite a while now, so naturally I listened to the score before I saw the film itself. Upon listening to this 3-disc, 3-hour long musical odyssey, I absolutely had to get to the theater immediately to see this music in action in the film. I have to say, I was a bit disappointed in the amount of the score that's actually used in the film. I thought there were quite a few very memorable moments from this score that didn't seem to make their way into the movie. It seems like Fincher didn't want the audience to be too distracted by the music... seemingly. If I'm right, that might've been a smart move on his part, due to the amount of detail you must pay attention to in the film (which was very good, IMO).<br /><br />If you have only seen the film, you have not heard the entire soundtrack. The way the music was used in the film was to attain as much minimalism as possible. While the minimalist approach IS rampant on this score, there really is a lot more than that on this release. If you have followed Reznor's career through the years, you know that one of his songwriting trademarks is his uncanny ability to create tracks that constantly build in intensity by using layers upon layers of music, creating a crescendo type of effect in many of his songs. That's what the film doesn't feature, musically. This score is a group of songs that, when allowed to build fully, really paint a portrait of their own. This release reminds me of the dedication Reznor put into Nine Inch Nails' releases of the past, such as \\"Ghosts I-IV\\" and the instrumental work on the \\"Still\\" EP. I honestly believe that this is a more solid listen than \\"The Social Network\\" score (which I found to be fantastic). Reznor and Ross go deep on this one. Fans of the ambient and hauntingly atmospheric instrumentals of \\"Ghosts I-IV\\" will undoubtedly enjoy this score. If you are looking for the industrial sound of the opening credits track \\"Immigrant Song\\" (a Led Zeppelin cover; featuring Karen O), you won't really find much of that at all beyond that track. You will find a new track from Reznor's current band, How To Destroy Angels (featuring his own wife as lead vocalist). The track is a cover version of Bryan Ferry's \\"Is Your Love Strong Enough?\\" (which you may remember from the \\"Legend\\" soundtrack, originally...), and is the closing track on the album. The only other vocals you hear on this score are sporadic female ethereal vocals spaced throughout several tracks. This soundtrack is a quiet listen, and I would say that only about 50% of the music actually appears in the film, if that.<br /><br />In my opinion, this is a worthy and essential piece of music that belongs in your Trent Reznor collection. The music is engrossing, and even if the film didn't exist, this would still be worthy of your dollars, especially if you have been a Nine Inch Nails / Trent Reznor fan throughout the years. I highly recommend this underrated score. 5 stars.e. Fans of the ambient and hauntingly atmospheric instrumentals of \\"Ghosts I-IV\\" will undoubtedly enjoy this score. If you are looking for the industrial sound of the opening credits track \\"Immigrant Song\\" (a Led Zeppelin cover; featuring Karen O), you won't really find much of that at all beyond that track. You will find a new track from Reznor's current band, How To Destroy Angels (featuring his own wife as lead vocalist). The track is a cover version of Bryan Ferry's \\"Is Your Love Strong Enough?\\" (which you may remember from the \\"Legend\\" soundtrack, originally...), and is the closing track on the album. The only other vocals you hear on this score are sporadic female ethereal vocals spaced throughout several tracks. This soundtrack is a quiet listen, and I would say that only about 50% of the music actually appears in the film, if that.   In my opinion, this is a worthy and essential piece of music that belongs in your Trent Reznor collection. The music is engrossing, and even if the film didn't exist, this would still be worthy of your dollars, especially if you have been a Nine Inch Nails / Trent Reznor fan throughout the years. I highly recommend this underrated score. 5 stars.
0446573019|2.0|book was an undersized, readers club style book - not happy with it at all.  I would have returned it but it was a holiday gift.  Please specify smaller book when that is the case.
B004Q7IAQE|5.0|Once again a big hit with my 2 yr old!!! She loves all her large Hello Kitty dolls they are so big & soft she sleeps with them all .
B004SJ3BCI|1.0|What a stupid, annoying game!  Would not play again if you paid me to.  I cannot imagine why it is so popular.
B005COO1X6|3.0|I really got into the Kindle sample and decided to buy this short story.  It was a hot read until about two-third of the way through, then... well, it quickly oozed to an end.  For once I wish King had taken the time to make a story longer (I usually find him over-long).  This story has great potential, but that potential is never fully realized.  It's a fun read, but far from King's best.  I much prefer \\"The Girl who Loved Tom Gorden\\".  If it had been written by anyone other than Stephen King I would have rated this at 4 stars - but he's done far better work than this.
B004LOMB2Q|4.0|Really simple to use. Easy to create and organize notes,tons of space. But the best part is that you can access it from any Internet device. Way better than colornote.
B005QUQP76|5.0|This mouse is amazing just taking out of the package and you will notice the quality of the build and materias used by corsair to create this amazing mouse. I used to have one Logitech G700 and I can tell you this mouse is much better than that Logitech, the qualitiy of the mouse with its aluminium base and two classes of plastic one smooth above left and right buttons and the rough plastic for the side. I was stunning when I got it into my hand it fits really really well and I love it. DPI and surface quality detection is amazing, lift height, snipe button for FPS and SC2 is amazing you can contro for few sec the DPI so you can control with more accuracy your movement and your units in SC2 or any other gamer just getting to snipe button I love it and if you know how to use it you can take advantages in many games.... I can be here writting much more about how amazing this mouse is, but I really recomend you have this masterpiece into you hand and take advantage of all it has....
B0063IH60K|4.0|The graphics and sound effects are very nice. I love playing solitaire when I am waiting around. The best part is that it's free!
0439023513|4.0|Mockingjay is a 2010 young-adult science fiction novel by Suzanne Collins, and the final book in the Hunger Games trilogy. Here, Katniss has become the face of the rebellion's propaganda campaign.<br /><br />Mockingjay is often grimmer than the previous books, and Collins makes a couple of somewhat bold plot decisions (for the YA genre). However, while Collins knows how to keep the reader turning the pages, the story itself often lacks focus. Much of the book features Katniss involved in events of only peripheral importance, and a number of important story elements are not well developed, even if they are resolved satisfactorily.<br /><br />In Mockingjay, Collins attempts to draw a contrast between Gale's embrace of no-holds-barred warfare and Katniss's reservations. Yet her attitude is inconsistent with her actions in all three books, and it rings distinctly false.<br /><br />In the context of street warfare, the Capitol's Games-style booby traps feel silly and impractical. And the book's ending, in addition to fizzling abruptly, feels somewhat contrived and arbitrary. A very deliberate suspension of belief is required in a number of places.<br /><br />Collins finally gives Katniss some substantial emotional reflection and explores just how damaged she is. However, this self-examination is focused on what Katniss has lost and almost completely ignores what she has done, which may make the reader feel that Katniss has not learned anything (especially the messages Collins seems to be trying to present to the reader) nor evolved substantially as a character. But Collins lowered the bar for herself in this regard in the previous books, and it's better than nothing.<br /><br />On the whole, Mockingjay is an under-developed but reasonably entertaining and generally satisfying conclusion to the series, held back by the telling rather than the story.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love this app. I use it all the time. One of the best electronic bibles out there.  Download this app today!!!!!
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|This game is the best game because it is very entertaining and both me and friends love to play it because when one of us can't get a level the other one will try the same level?????? A WON'T YOU TO TRY IT
B003KUSUSQ|5.0|Mr. Enimen demonstrated his true talents and gifts by putting out his CD.  I love it and I do allow my 12 yr. to listen to it.  Some of the songs have inspired her.  Keep doing your thang  Enimen.
B004L0NGEC|5.0|Works great on the Kindle Fire no need to have<br />gigabytes of photos on the Kindle Fire you could upload them<br />to your Web album and display them on the Kindle,you could even<br />play them in slideshow mode, or one at a time.
B005LJITS0|4.0|This was an enjoyable superhero movie. I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys this genre.  Skip the UltraViolet copy.
0439023521|2.0|I bought the paperback version of the Hunger Games from Amazon for my granddaughter for Christmas.  When I asked her how she liked the story, she said she loved it, even though the pages were \\"all messed up\\".  I checked it out and she is correct.  Page 138 is followed by page 135.  Page 135 consists of a partially worded  sheet of paper glued to a blank sheet.  Page 135 is followed by page 140, then 145 which is repeated twice, once in its entirety and again as a partial sheet glued to another sheet.  Then comes pages 146, followed by 148.  Ultimately, all the pages are there; you just have to hunt for them.  After page 148 the pagination is back in the correct order.  I'm not sure how this occurred, but I did not buy this book as a \\"seconds\\", so I really expected it to be perfect, especially since it was a gift.  I'm glad she liked the story, because the quality of the book itself is definitely second rate.
B001041JLE|5.0|Ohh, I just miss Michael Jackson so much.  I wish he was still here making great music for all of us to listen to.  He lead a sad but full life.  This CD is GREAT!!!
0345529057|5.0|The books were received with no damage and the boxed set is sturdy, well illustrated, and cheap. Have only finished the first book which I found to be very well done and cannot wait to begin the second. Overall, well worth the price for a nice boxed set of books.
B005H9B2CE|1.0|I don't write many reviews; however, all of the good reviews for this movie have compelled me to write a review. This movie is the most boring superhero movie of recent years.  The plot and actors are completely uninspired.  I don't look forward to seeing this character in the Avengers.  Save your money; borrow this movie from someone if you really feel that it is necessary to watch it.
B004BCT2HU|5.0|In the early 1970's I went to a concert in Cleveland Ohio and saw the Jefferson Airplane band. I had a near front row seat very close to the band's excellent violin player Papa John Creach. I was so impressed with his violin play that I spent most of the concert with my eyes glued on him, and not Paul Kantner and Grace Slick who are great artists themselves. I always loved violin play and Papa John was amazing. Recently, I watched David Garrett on Public Television and I saw how great a violinist he is, and he plays classical and rock music. So, I bought his DVD Rock Symphonies, and I am more impressed with his violin play each time I watch the DVD. The fact that he is the world's fastest violin player, along with his exceptional violin skills and ability, make the songs that he plays most enjoyable to listen too. It's not very common to have a great violinist play rock music. For me, it does not matter that David does not write most of his music. I am just thrilled to hear his violin play which adds a precise, refreshing, pure classical music quality to the rock music he plays. The violin is a great instrument to hear play, especially when alot of the music is rock.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Hours of mindless entertainment.  If you want to do slmething and not really have to put alot of thouht indto it this is the game for you!  I really enjoy this game and would recommend it to anyone that likes solitaire
B001JNNDEW|5.0|Office space is a classic movie for your typical cubical worker.  I have the DVD version and it looks kind of pix-elated on some screens in certain scenes.  I haven't noticed it on my LCD screen with his blue ray version so I am a happy camper.
1559409002|5.0|What is the going rate for cheap thrills? Carnival of Souls is arguably the first atmospheric, nightmare inducing, B horror movie. In the current times the only thing about this genre that remains terrifying is the sheer number of films coming out that rip off Carnival of Souls.  Yes you can pretty much find a Carnival of Souls knockoff in every bargain bin from Haddonfield, Illinois to Crystal Lake. If you have ever watched late night television you have watched this movie. It is a late night creepy staple.  Many famous directors weren't just inspired by this movie, they straight up stole ideas from it. The Gothic style, the creepy organ soundtrack, and the straight to the point low budget esthetic. All of these elements mixed with an old fashion country side creepiness come to together to form a classic horror film. Sometimes for many strange reasons things just happen to go intensely right. Carnival of Souls is absolutely one of those times. It came out in 1962 and is still spawning imitators. Don't go watch this film just go take a nap and have a nightmare: Its the same darn thing.<br /><br />Mary Henry: It's funny... the world is so different in the daylight. In the dark, your fantasies get so out of hand. But in the daylight everything falls back into place again.
B00000J048|4.0|This puts Gears Gears Gears to shame shame shame! We own two Gears Gears Gears sets, the basic set and the motorized Coggy Doggy which we just received. I really wish I didn't buy Coggy Doggy but that's another review.   Anything gears around here is a hit and with a lot of my help my guy can have fun with Gears Gears Gears. Also it's not as easy for my 3 year old to arrange the gears on the Kaleido boards but the Kaleido set makes up for that in so many ways. First of all the boards themselves are like a puzzle. With the Gears system there is no way my little guy can put them together alone or take them apart for that matter. I even have difficulty doing it. Once the gears are placed they turn so much more smoothly on Kaleido Gears which makes the work much more satisfying and less frustrating. The pieces feel nicer to the touch and are more interesting to watch because of the stickers. OK, I wish the stickers were higher quality but it's not that big a deal. Overall the Kaleido keeps my sons interest more.
B004H1V5RU|1.0|My son received this as a gift, it is far too difficult for him, so it hasn't gotten much use.  We have owned it for <1 week and today he showed me the funnel piece is broken off, and upon further inspection 2 of the screws came loose and the track dislodged from its place, rendering the toy useless.  I am hoping the manufacturer will do something about this to remedy the problem.  I see other people have posted similar reviews.  I dare say this is NOT a well made toy, stay away from it.
B004A8ZWXS|5.0|See the movie read the book, absolutely terrific.  Research the use of horse's in WWl and you'll see the similarity of this movie to fact.  Six million horses were used in WWl, 65,000 survived and most of them went to the butcher.  Soldiers tried to buy their mounts at the end of the war to save them.  The movie shows the ravages of the cavalry in the Great War.
B0017OB12O|5.0|Where do the greatest wars take place: On the battle field or in the mind? The Bridge on the River Kwai is a 1957 British World War II film directed by David Lean. It stars William Holden, Jack Hawkins, Alec Guinness and Sessue Hayakawa and was shot in Sri Lanka. It is a war classic on every level. The acting, story, dialogue, and philosophy all put forth in this forth are excellent. A unit of British soldiers are captured and marched to a Japanese prison camp in western Thailand. At this camp they are forced to build an extremely important railroad bridge for the Japanese.  Throughout this challenge the unit is led valiantly by their commander, Colonel Nicholson (Alec Guinness). The Colonel is really the centerpiece and most important character in the film. He is always pushing forward, staying positive, professional, and determined no matter how dismal the situation may appear to be. The talent and integrity Alec Guinness displayed in this role won him the well deserved Best Actor Academy Award. Watch this film and contemplate a path of enlightenment that applies to war, peace, and everything in between.<br /><br />Colonel Nicholson: It is quite understandable; it's a very natural reaction. But one day - in a week, a month, a year - on that day when, God willing, we all return to our homes again, you're going to feel very proud of what you have achieved here in the face of great adversity. What you have done should be, and I think will be, an example to all our countrymen, soldier and civilian alike. You have survived with honor - that, and more - here in the wilderness. You have turned defeat into victory. I congratulate you. Well done.
B005HSL626|5.0|I have so much fun slising fruit and waching the fruit explode.It is endless fun.It is one of my favorite games. I love it.I hope people that get love it!!!:)
B001UV4XJ2|4.0|BUYER BEWARE! Actual digital copies from the UK can ONLY be used in the UK! You have to have your computer (address) in the UK or Ireland. It does NOT work if you're in the states.
B006E2VTG2|5.0|Zoe's parents are killed by a fellow drug dealer in Columbia. As the assassins confront this 10 year old girl, she makes a daring &#34;Spiderman&#34; escape. She ends up in Chicago where she is raised by her uncle. &#34;I want to be a warrior-princess,&#34; she says. She wants to be a killer.<br /><br />We flash forward to her adulthood. Zoe has become a killer and she leaves a calling card by drawing a rare orchid on the victim, a sign of her family. Her goal, to the dismay of her uncle, is to draw out the man who killed her parents...who has the backing of the CIA.<br /><br />Lennie James plays Ross, a sharp FBI investigator, who is in charge of finding the the rare orchid killer.<br /><br />Zoe's ability reminded me a bit of Jolie in &#34;Salt.&#34; While Zoe is leggy and sexy, don't get you hopes up, as the camera angel remains pure while she showers and changes. I found the action scenes to be 5 stars. The scenes with Lennie James were also excellent. The filler drama material of Zoe's life outside of the action scenes was not well scripted and I lost interest waiting for something to happen.<br /><br />Eventually the plot and subplot comes together in a most entertaining way as we find out that Zoe knows how to take charge.<br /><br />The biggest disaster of the movie was the closing soundtrack. I mean really. That was the best they could do?<br /><br />Good action, fair drama. 4 1/2 stars
B0046W1692|2.0|I can very well understand that every artist is going to have that one album that was a flop and that at some point any new material is too different from what made us fall in love with the artist and that anything remotely close to the old material we've already heard before.  However this isn't the issue Mana has here. While it is true that the song writing and singing style hasn't changed much and does need experimenting, it wouldn't be an issue at least for this album if they had put in more effort into the music and arrangements. For example \\"Sor Maria\\" had the potential had the potential to be a mix of \\"Me Voy Convertir En Una Ave\\" and \\"Hundido En Un Rincon\\" but it just came short with the weak orchestra/strings.  The alternative version of \\"No Te Rindas\\" is the \\"Bendita Tu Luz\\" of 2011 and eveything else just sort of fell flat. Even \\"Vuelve Libre Paloma\\" was missing the feeling you got from songs like \\"Ojala Pudiera Olvidarte\\", \\"No Ha Parado De Llover\\" or \\"Huele A Tristeza\\". Though I guess the best example of them getting lazy is the very first song \\"Lluvia Al Corazon\\" which well...listen to it for yourself and compare it to their earlier work and you'll see what I mean.  Hopefully some miracle will occur and they'll really experiment and put in a lot more effort and innovation into their next album.
B004P98QZ8|5.0|My son received this gift for Christmas and loves it.  It had quite a few pieces to assemble but he was able to do it in a few hours (11 yrs).
0062060554|4.0|I did enjoy reading this book, don't get me wrong.  Overall the story was well-executed, however, I figured out the \\"mystery\\" pretty early on.
B006IVT8WQ|4.0|If you have seen one of these before, you know the plot. The movie introduces the characters, in this case they are a group of office workers. They travel. One has a premonition of death and saves the group only to find out there exists an unseen expiration date on all of us, and if you go past that date you must die in a bizarre abnormal manner. If you have sat through all the \\"Friday the 13th\\" movies and thought they were all different, you might try this series. As for me, knowing basically the whole plot before it unfolds...over the last 5 films is a bit boring. The re-addition of Tony Todd issuing a warning as if he is \\"Death\\" himself was one of the highlights. Many of the main characters are named after famous horror directors: Peter Friedkin is named after \\"The Exorcist\\" director William Friedkin; Candice Hooper is named after Tobe Hooper who directed \\"The Texas Chain Saw Massacre\\" and \\"Poltergeist\\";and Olivia Castle is named after William Castle who directed \\"The Tingler\\" and the original \\"House on Haunted Hill.\\"<br /><br />Death has rules, just like killing vampires and zombies. You would think if you cheat death, then you must die. However, that is not the case. If you kill someone who wasn't supposed to die, you get their years.<br /><br />It is my understanding the DVD will have an alternate ending. The gore was fairly decent. The movie has a lot of things thrown at the camera. Clearly it was designed for 3-D.<br /><br />F-bomb, no sex or nudity
B004XDYJRU|5.0|I can find a station with whatever I want to listen too.  Music for while I read on my Fire or I can record a talk show to listen too later.
B006PAZMMK|5.0|Dope ass hell.  As ALWAYS ! If you like Dubstep  / Electronic  this is def worth the money.Skrillex is a   Musical god .
B004MC8CA2|5.0|great app.  I would pay for it in a heartbeat but I'm glad its free so many more people can use it.
B001UV4XFG|2.0|i bought this for my wife, but she like to see the movies in Spanish. it says that it is subtitled but its not. all the other twilight movies i have bought her are spoken in Spanish. so i gotta get her another one now to make up for this.   im sure the quality is good just never watched it
B005MIYIB2|3.0|To begin, I have been a long-time Nightwish fan- right there with them since they released \\"Angels Fall First\\".  I have accepted Nightwish's growth over the years, and there will be no Tarja/Anette debate here.  I loved the work the group has produced with Tarja, and I love the work they have produced with Anette.  ( I don't think I'll get over Roy Khan leaving Kamelot, tho, but that's a different story :p ).  However, many refer to the post-Tarja days as \\"The New Nightwish Era\\" when in all honesty, I believe they have been growing from one album to the next, all the way down the line.  Sure, compensations have to be made for the vocal ranges of whoever their current vocalist is, but I still believe this was the direction Nightwish was heading, even if they still had Tarja.<br /><br />Let's face it, we'll probably never get another 'Century Child', which to me symbolizes the epitome of Nightwish's style.  However, when it comes to their two most recent albums, I honestly believe 'Dark Passion Play' is stronger and superior to 'Imaginaerum'.  'Dark Passion Play', while still obviously an exploration of different sounds and approaches, still seems like a more genuine effort to me.  'Imaginaerum' is pretentious, overly-ambitious, bloated, and is almost a parody of itself- as if Tuomas' music has developed an ego and character all it's own.  It feels more like he is in competition with himself to create every new project with the intention of making it 'more epic than the last.  The epicest epic of them all!' as opposed to just sitting down and composing honest music, like he used to.<br /><br />The album as a whole is incredibly disjointed.  I am keeping in mind that this is meant to accompany a film storyline, but it should still be able to stand on it's own, and there is just no flow from one song to the next.  Another thing I have always admired in Tuomas' music are his deep, cryptic, and meaningful lyrics, but I think on a whole this album boasts some of the worst lyrics he has ever written.  From downright bizarre ( 'An old man gets naked and kisses a model-doll in his attic' ) to absolutely silly ( 'The bride will lure you, cook you, eat you' and 'a pool of snakes to swim with, bite me! Bite me!' ).  I also typically love it when bands and musicians revisit themes and motifs from previous albums, but I'm getting a little tired of 'that dead boy' that has had a remarkably long life since 'Wishmaster'.  Keep your ears open for mentions of the pendulum and the meadows of heaven, as well.  I'm really surprised the 'ocean soul' didn't find it's way in here, as it's been incredibly long-lived, too.<br /><br />Despite my gripes, there are still a lot of good points, which I will go over below the album track/song break-down:<br /><br />1 -Taikatalvi- This track belongs nowhere else on the album but in the very beginning, setting the mood and marking the beginning of our journey.  It is hauntingly beautiful, creepy, and almost ethereal with it's 'wind-up box' tune and Marco's vocals.  While the majority of the other tracks just sound like 'metal-removed' versions of themselves on the Second CD, this one really shines to it's fullest there, really making evident it's haunting, simplistic beauty.<br /><br />2 -Storytime- The track that instantly comes to mind when people think of 'Imaginareum', I have to say when Nightwish first released their music video single in anticipation of their album, I was hugely disappointed.  THIS was what was representative of an album we had been waiting 4 years for?  It didn't get me anywhere near as excited as say, \\"Amaranth\\" got me for 'Dark Passion Play', or \\"Wish I had an Angel\\" got me for 'Once'.  The song starts out very strong and exciting, but once we get to the chorus, it almost becomes campy.  There is an exceptional stand-out bit of orchestration at approximately 3:11 that I feel is the real strength in this entire piece, but we're eventually returned to the campy chorus.  Honestly, listen to the short, symphonic recap in the last, self-titled track, and you may have a fresh, new appreciation for \\"Storytime\\".  I know I did.  It was there, with the vocals canceled out where I was just allowed to listen to the orchestra perform it as a piece of music that I realized just how brilliant it's otherwise simple tune was.  Since then, \\"Storytime\\" has definitely grown on me.  I still wouldn't call it one of my favorite tracks, but I definitely have a whole new appreciation for it.  I honestly prefer the symphonic version found on the second CD to the original recording.<br /><br />3 -Ghost River- In my humble opinion, the best song on the entire album.  It is strong, foreboding, elegant in dark way, has an extremely addictive, hypnotic chorus, and features some of the best vocals Marco has ever recorded for the band.  It's one of those pieces that almost comes across on first listen as overly-complicated ( much like Sonata Arctica's amazing \\"Deathaura\\" ) where so much is going on, the pace is constantly alternating, and the composition is so richly layered that one at first feels unable to discern exactly what it is they are listening to and relate to it.  However, it doesn't take many listens to become completely taken by this song.  This song is so incredibly intense, and it's lyrics impassioned and disturbing.  So often the choirs get over-used and abused in metal, but here, the children's choir is a great compliment to the song, as it adds to the overall mood and conveys a dark, futile innocence as the children sing of their fate ( 'We will go down, we will drown, drown deeper down.  The river wild will be our last ride...' ).  This song also boasts some powerful guitar work.  Anette seems to struggle a bit with this song, as in some places she seems to struggle with the pitch, but it doesn't take from the song.  If anything, it almost adds to the desperate, futile scenario this song paints for the listener.  I definitely could go on forever, but bottom line is, where a lot of tracks fans may be divided on, and other tracks everyone is definitely kind of 'meh' on, this song will definitely pick them up and please them to some degree.  It's the excitement and drama we've been waiting for.<br /><br />4 -Slow, Love, Slow-  This is the 'what were they thinking!?' track of the album.  It not only completely slows down the pace of the album, especially being placed after a song like 'Ghost River\\" but just completely throws the listener off entirely.  Now, I can appreciate slower songs of Nightwish-past, ( some have made up the best tracks of older albums ) and can appreciate the band experimenting with and weaving in different music styles into their body of work; even 'Dark Passion Play' 's gospel styled \\"Meadows of Heaven\\", which I initially never hesitated to skip over with great prejudice, grew on me eventually and is actually, one of my favorite tracks on DPP now ( although it took a good 4 years for it to reach that level for me ).  However, this track is downright unbearable for me.  To be fair, my first 3 complete spins of 'Imaginaerum' I let it play through to give it a fair chance to change my mind, but it's just not happening.  The song actually starts out pretty promising, with eerie piano chords playing a chilling tune, but it doesn't take long for the jazz 'strumming' to move in and eradicate what potential this song may have had.  At some point, the composition strikes a strong, lower piano chord while the lilting piano intro from earlier plays over-top, both rising in intensity, and we finally start to feel rewarded for making it this far into the song when suddenly, it abruptly ends, leaving us as disappointed as ever.  I'm sure that for many Nightwish fans, this might actually be a refreshing change of pace and a unique track, but I feel that for the majority of Nightwish fans, this is going to be the most disliked track on the album.<br /><br />5 -I Want My Tears Back- Very rousing, for what comes acrossas just another one of the 'angst' songs that seem to have become forefront on the last couple of Nightwish albums.  This one actually reminds me a lot of \\"Last of the Wilds\\" from 'Dark Passion Play'.  I am a huge Celtic and Irish folk music listener, so typically these kinds of songs would enthrall me, but I personally don't think Tuomas has done a very good job of marrying the styles with his music thus far.  I feel there are other metal bands out there that have done a much better job.  I personally think he is heading in the wrong direction as far as his approach on blending the two together, and if this is the farthest he can take it, then I sincerely hope this album will be the last of his attempts.  Otherwise, I'm still waiting for him to properly bring the two together.  Bottom line, this is still a decent song, it seems to be a favorite among other fans who have left reviews across the Internet, and it definitely picks us up after the meandering \\"Slow, Love, Slow\\".<br /><br />6 -Scaretale- Despite the fact that I am not too terribly fond of the screechy cackle with which Anette sings her parts in this song, this is one of my favorite tracks on the album.  A very oddball, titillating piece marrying together many different styles and approaches that really showcase Tuomas' creativity.  It sets the mood with the sound of a ghostly group of children reciting \\"Ring around the Rosies\\", winds itself up subtly only to dissipate into the eerie far-off sounds of fairgrounds, complete with the slight ring one expects of the midway.  It then pauses for a moment before suddenly taking off into a fast-paced orchestral piece ( which I personally believe to be one of the most brilliant compositions on the entire album ) that runs it's course and then ascends into the 'metal', bringing us the guitars, drums, and of course, Anette's vocals.  I applaud her for moving beyond her comfort zone and really 'cutting loose' here, but really, her approach is like fingernails on a chalkboard to me.  Thankfully, the song moves on to a more showtune send-up, as we are greeted by the Ringmaster, who takes us into a full three-ring circus march that is both creepy and rousing all at once.  This portion suspends with the fluttering of strings and harp and the Ringmaster's ruckus laughter, and then dives right into the orchestral arrangement from earlier, and then swiftly back into Anette's vocals, this time accompanied by Marco.  After reaching the climax of their vocal role, the music returns to the instrumentals, slowly dissipating as if the entire experience is fading away, leaving us with the familiar circus pipe tune.<br /><br />7 -Arabesque- A very rousing yet short instrumental piece of a Middle-Eastern style continuing the exploration of such sounds and themes used in 'Dark Passion Play' 's \\"Sahara\\" and \\"Whoever Brings the Night\\".  It has a very driving beat with the soaring sound of wind instruments, successfully creating the feel of being taken on journey through music alone.  While some people think it's short length hurts it, I think it actually helps this track.  Unless Tuomas had anywhere else he was planning on taking this body of music, making it any longer would have made it repetitive, in my opinion.  So I feel it's length and pace work out just well for it, and make it enjoyable as opposed to tedious.<br /><br />8 -Turn Loose the Mermaids- This is actually one of my favorite tracks on the entire album.  It starts off with a remarkably believable traditioinal Celtic tune.  There is something very enchanting about this piece- it evokes a certain mood and feeling in it's listener, at once feeling like it's taking us to another place and time, and at another, feeling like we are being welcomed home into the arms of someone, and being soothed with their song.  My only complaint is the misplaced use of brass instruments with the whistle part-way into the song, which almost makes it sound like the score to a spaghetti western film.  It more than makes up for that with the lovely violins playing the piece off at the end.  Some Nightwish fans may not appreciate any kind of slower song, but this piece is truly lovely and one you can close your eyes to and be taken away with.<br /><br />9 -Rest Calm- When 'Imaginaerum' first saw it's European release, this track seemed to be the most panned song among fans and reviewers online.  I can see how listeners may find this track repetitive, but I feel the strength and appeal of this song is it's addictive and catchy main chorus, especially towards the end of the song, where the pace and strength of the music and vocals rise in intensity, and the chorus is sung in overlapping rounds- Anette and Marco singing over themselves in turns.  The opening of the song harkens back to the types of compositions that were common in some of Nightwish's older albums. This is one of the songs I actually find myself singing along to, in spite of myself.<br /><br />10 -The Crow, the Owl, and the Dove- An acoustic song, it's pleasant enough and easy-listening, but nothing spectacular.  It just doesn't feel 'Nightwish' to me- it sounds like it could have been written and performed by any band from a pop or rock genre.  It just doesn't stand out.  I don't necessarily dislike it, but I find myself incredibly bored by it.  When listening to the album I let it play through, but if I were syncing specific cuts to a playlist or CD, I would definitely leave this one out.<br /><br />11 -Last Ride of the Day- Finally, we're getting back to basics, and what I mean by that is that we are finally returning to familiar Nightwish territory- the type of composition that Nightwish had become so well known for.  It reminds me a lot of some of the work we heard on 'Once', and even a smattering of 'Century Child'.  The song starts with a bombastic, 'epic' opening of instrumentals with choirs and then tapers off into Anette singing the first verses in a very halted manner, which works surprisingly well.  The tempo increases, and then we are thrust into a dizzying pace of soaring highs before dropping us down again to the 'halted singing' and then almost instantly driving us upwards again, giving us more magnificent instrumental interludes, choral backings, and even a guitar solo before it's all through.  Tuomas did a magnificent job emulating the idea and feel of a theme park rollercoaster ride through the composition of this piece.  It is an outstanding metaphor that he has put together.<br /><br />12 -Song of Myself- *sigh*  Here we go.  The signature 'epic' track of Nightwish albums.  Now, I absolutely love \\"The Poet and the Pendulum\\" from 'Dark Passion Play'.  I believe it's a magnificent piece of work with a stunning pace that slows down in the right parts and picks up in the right places, and boasts some of Tuomas' most powerful, thought-provoking lyrics ( really, just how brilliant are lines like: \\"I cannot cry coz the shoulder cries more\\"?  8 words and yet it very accurately describes the human dilemma of suffering in silence for our burdens cannot be unloaded, for they only burden those we heap them upon ).  However, where \\"Song of Myself\\" starts out strong, it eventually becomes tedious, and it's 'epic poetry' ranges from laughable to boring.  I am certainly not prejudiced against pace-killing speeches peppered throughout my music, as I'm probably the world's youngest female Moody Blues fan, a group notorious for making a habit of this, however, Nightwish really pushes it with the spoken 'speech' nearly exceeding 7 minutes in length.  In all honesty, once the music portion of this track is over, I skip straight to the next track/song.<br /> As for the song portion itself, it once again starts out with familiar 'Once'-esque territory.  Anette's hushed style of singing works very well for her here, before she kicks off into stronger vocals with backup from the choir.  The different 'chapters' of the song aren't so obvious once we have transitioned intothem, unlike \\"The Poet and the Pendulum\\", and it never feels like it comes around full-circle to create a complete body of work.  The music portion has so much potential and promise, I feel if Tuomas were to sit down to it again and try to take it in a different direction, this would be the 'epic' track it has promised itself to be.  Unfortunately, compared to \\"Poet +\\", it is disappointing.  Standalone, it's a worthy effort.<br /><br />13 -Imaginaerum- A completely instrumental track that recaptures portions of the majority of the songs featured on the album.  \\"Taikatalvi\\" sounds gorgeous here and almost sorrowful, before sending us into a flurry of violins furiously sending up the main chorus of \\"Storytime\\".  I have to admit, \\"Storytime\\" sounds wonderful here, and you're able to leave behind the 'popish' vocals and experience the brilliance of Tuomas' composition.  It goes from a threatening sound to soaring, beautiful strings that make it sound light-hearted and magical.  I truly like this short dedication to the music than the entire \\"Storytime\\" song itself.  Next it steps down, and takes us into a slow, churning, moody recap of \\"Ghost River\\".  I only wish this interlude wasn't so short, because it is truly one of the most amazing, complex songs on the entire album.  After that we get dropped off into the circus march tune of \\"Scaretale\\" before the music gathers itself and quietly covers the main chorus from \\"Rest Calm\\".  From there it's into a Irish-styled version of \\"Last Ride of the Day\\" complete with signature pipes before closing with the tune heard behind the spoken parts of \\"Song of Myself\\".<br /><br />TL;DR?<br />Bottom line: should you spend your money on this?  I say yes.  As Nightwish fans, I still believe it's important to embrace and bear witness to the growth and new direction the band is heading in.  Does that mean we have to totally be happy about it?  No.  But as fans we can respect it and still find something we like about the new body of music coming our way.  'Imaginaerum' is nowhere near terrible, or 'unlistenable'.  I believe that it's just that loyal fans have been waiting 4 years, looking at teaser posters and graphic art that promised us something amazing and epic, and the album was a bit of a let-down after all that build-up. If 'Imaginaerum' was the first you ever heard of Nightwish, then you would probably be rightfully impressed, but after being spoiled by what they are capable of, long-term fans will definitely feel that this album falls short.  It's a valiant effort, to be sure, but I feel that the focus became more about being overly-ambitious rather than the music itself.  We know Tuomas and Nightwish can produce amazing music, but it's just not evident here.<br /><br />In the end, a lot of Tuomas' mastery and creativity shine through on this album, and showcases some of his finest composing skills.  Even though I like 'Dark Passion Play' better, Anette definitely sounds stronger here.  She sounds much more comfortable and much more confident, and that is definitely a plus.  I also feel that these are some of Marco's best vocals- especially since his voice isn't competing to be heard over Tarja's, we get less of his screeching and are treated to the realistic range he is capable of.  His lows and growls are perfect here, and he also is given a couple of tracks where he is allowed to show off his capability to sing softer, slower melodies ( for novice Nightwish fans, definitely check out \\"While Your Lips are Still Red\\".  A perfect example of Tuomas' gorgeous music-writing and Marco's ability to really sing when given the stage ).<br /><br />Regardless, I look forward to the 'Imaginaerum' film, and Nightwish's next project.d by the Ringmaster, who takes us into a full three-ring circus march that is both creepy and rousing all at once.  This portion suspends with the fluttering of strings and harp and the Ringmaster's ruckus laughter, and then dives right into the orchestral arrangement from earlier, and then swiftly back into Anette's vocals, this time accompanied by Marco.  After reaching the climax of their vocal role, the music returns to the instrumentals, slowly dissipating as if the entire experience is fading away, leaving us with the familiar circus pipe tune.  7 -Arabesque- A very rousing yet short instrumental piece of a Middle-Eastern style continuing the exploration of such sounds and themes used in 'Dark Passion Play' 's \\"Sahara\\" and \\"Whoever Brings the Night\\".  It has a very driving beat with the soaring sound of wind instruments, successfully creating the feel of being taken on journey through music alone.  While some people think it's short length hurts it, I think it actually helps this track.  Unless Tuomas had anywhere else he was planning on taking this body of music, making it any longer would have made it repetitive, in my opinion.  So I feel it's length and pace work out just well for it, and make it enjoyable as opposed to tedious.  8 -Turn Loose the Mermaids- This is actually one of my favorite tracks on the entire album.  It starts off with a remarkably believable traditioinal Celtic tune.  There is something very enchanting about this piece- it evokes a certain mood and feeling in it's listener, at once feeling like it's taking us to another place and time, and at another, feeling like we are being welcomed home into the arms of someone, and being soothed with their song.  My only complaint is the misplaced use of brass instruments with the whistle part-way into the song, which almost makes it sound like the score to a spaghetti western film.  It more than makes up for that with the lovely violins playing the piece off at the end.  Some Nightwish fans may not appreciate any kind of slower song, but this piece is truly lovely and one you can close your eyes to and be taken away with.  9 -Rest Calm- When 'Imaginaerum' first saw it's European release, this track seemed to be the most panned song among fans and reviewers online.  I can see how listeners may find this track repetitive, but I feel the strength and appeal of this song is it's addictive and catchy main chorus, especially towards the end of the song, where the pace and strength of the music and vocals rise in intensity, and the chorus is sung in overlapping rounds- Anette and Marco singing over themselves in turns.  The opening of the song harkens back to the types of compositions that were common in some of Nightwish's older albums. This is one of the songs I actually find myself singing along to, in spite of myself.   10 -The Crow, the Owl, and the Dove- An acoustic song, it's pleasant enough and easy-listening, but nothing spectacular.  It just doesn't feel 'Nightwish' to me- it sounds like it could have been written and performed by any band from a pop or rock genre.  It just doesn't stand out.  I don't necessarily dislike it, but I find myself incredibly bored by it.  When listening to the album I let it play through, but if I were syncing specific cuts to a playlist or CD, I would definitely leave this one out.   11 -Last Ride of the Day- Finally, we're getting back to basics, and what I mean by that is that we are finally returning to familiar Nightwish territory- the type of composition that Nightwish had become so well known for.  It reminds me a lot of some of the work we heard on 'Once', and even a smattering of 'Century Child'.  The song starts with a bombastic, 'epic' opening of instrumentals with choirs and then tapers off into Anette singing the first verses in a very halted manner, which works surprisingly well.  The tempo increases, and then we are thrust into a dizzying pace of soaring highs before dropping us down again to the 'halted singing' and then almost instantly driving us upwards again, giving us more magnificent instrumental interludes, choral backings, and even a guitar solo before it's all through.  Tuomas did a magnificent job emulating the idea and feel of a theme park rollercoaster ride through the composition of this piece.  It is an outstanding metaphor that he has put together.  12 -Song of Myself- *sigh*  Here we go.  The signature 'epic' track of Nightwish albums.  Now, I absolutely love \\"The Poet and the Pendulum\\" from 'Dark Passion Play'.  I believe it's a magnificent piece of work with a stunning pace that slows down in the right parts and picks up in the right places, and boasts some of Tuomas' most powerful, thought-provoking lyrics ( really, just how brilliant are lines like: \\"I cannot cry coz the shoulder cries more\\"?  8 words and yet it very accurately describes the human dilemma of suffering in silence for our burdens cannot be unloaded, for they only burden those we heap them upon ).  However, where \\"Song of Myself\\" starts out strong, it eventually becomes tedious, and it's 'epic poetry' ranges from laughable to boring.  I am certainly not prejudiced against pace-killing speeches peppered throughout my music, as I'm probably the world's youngest female Moody Blues fan, a group notorious for making a habit of this, however, Nightwish really pushes it with the spoken 'speech' nearly exceeding 7 minutes in length.  In all honesty, once the music portion of this track is over, I skip straight to the next track/song.   As for the song portion itself, it once again starts out with familiar 'Once'-esque territory.  Anette's hushed style of singing works very well for her here, before she kicks off into stronger vocals with backup from the choir.  The different 'chapters' of the song aren't so obvious once we have transitioned into them, unlike \\"The Poet and the Pendulum\\", and it never feels like it comes around full-circle to create a complete body of work.  The music portion hasso much potential and promise, I feel if Tuomas were to sit down to it again and try to take it in a different direction, this would be the 'epic' track it has promised itself to be.  Unfortunately, compared to \\"Poet +\\", it is disappointing.  Standalone, it's a worthy effort.  13 -Imaginaerum- A completely instrumental track that recaptures portions of the majority of the songs featured on the album.  \\"Taikatalvi\\" sounds gorgeous here and almost sorrowful, before sending us into a flurry of violins furiously sending up the main chorus of \\"Storytime\\".  I have to admit, \\"Storytime\\" sounds wonderful here, and you're able to leave behind the 'popish' vocals and experience the brilliance of Tuomas' composition.  It goes from a threatening sound to soaring, beautiful strings that make it sound light-hearted and magical.  I truly like this short dedication to the music than the entire \\"Storytime\\" song itself.  Next it steps down, and takes us into a slow, churning, moody recap of \\"Ghost River\\".  I only wish this interlude wasn't so short, because it is truly one of the most amazing, complex songs on the entire album.  After that we get dropped off into the circus march tune of \\"Scaretale\\" before the music gathers itself and quietly covers the main chorus from \\"Rest Calm\\".  From there it's into a Irish-styled version of \\"Last Ride of the Day\\" complete with signature pipes before closing with the tune heard behind the spoken parts of \\"Song of Myself\\".  TL;DR?  Bottom line: should you spend your money on this?  I say yes.  As Nightwish fans, I still believe it's important to embrace and bear witness to the growth and new direction the band is heading in.  Does that mean we have to totally be happy about it?  No.  But as fans we can respect it and still find something we like about the new body of music coming our way.  'Imaginaerum' is nowhere near terrible, or 'unlistenable'.  I believe that it's just that loyal fans have been waiting 4 years, looking at teaser posters and graphic art that promised us something amazing and epic, and the album was a bit of a let-down after all that build-up. If 'Imaginaerum' was the first you ever heard of Nightwish, then you would probably be rightfully impressed, but after being spoiled by what they are capable of, long-term fans will definitely feel that this album falls short.  It's a valiant effort, to be sure, but I feel that the focus became more about being overly-ambitious rather than the music itself.  We know Tuomas and Nightwish can produce amazing music, but it's just not evident here.    In the end, a lot of Tuomas' mastery and creativity shine through on this album, and showcases some of his finest composing skills.  Even though I like 'Dark Passion Play' better, Anette definitely sounds stronger here.  She sounds much more comfortable and much more confident, and that is definitely a plus.  I also feel that these are some of Marco's best vocals- especially since his voice isn't competing to be heard over Tarja's, we get less of his screeching and are treated to the realistic range he is capable of.  His lows and growls are perfect here, and he also is given a couple of tracks where he is allowed to show off his capability to sing softer, slower melodies ( for novice Nightwish fans, definitely check out \\"While Your Lips are Still Red\\".  A perfect example of Tuomas' gorgeous music-writing and Marco's ability to really sing when given the stage ).  Regardless, I look forward to the 'Imaginaerum' film, and Nightwish's next project.
B000THCKF2|4.0|It would have been 5 stars but right in the middle of the album \\"THE HARE WHO LOST HIS SPECTACLES\\" but with a little editing....The rest of the album is as good as \\"brick\\" yes i said it \\"AS GOOD\\"! So dust it off and give it another listen. A great album!
B004EBZX6W|5.0|great info about networks around you.  clearly shows open and protected.  signal strength indicators are great for picking a strong signal
B002MQYOFW|4.0|I read through the trilogy in just a few days, I found the books to be like an addictive drug. From the beginning I was sucked into the story, and captivated to learn what would happen next. After reading some other reviews of the series, I tend to believe that some people can suck the life out of anything. This series is definitely geared for young adults and up, it does have some violence and disturbing situations.
086571701X|5.0|Love it!  If you're starting out in aquaponics, this is the first book you should get.  Very useful to someone like me who has been doing aquaponics for a few years, as well.  Does a great job of boiling down what can be a bewildering amount of aquaponics info available on the internet and elsewhere.  Easy and fun to read.  Plenty of detail, with good, reputable references to where to get more info when you need it.  Thank you Sylvia, ya done good!
0439023521|5.0|It is WAY to grim for any child to read, but for us adults who need a little \\"trash\\" guilty pleasures every now and then, SOOOOOO good. You get hooked and then all 3 are done before you know it! Love this series, it keeps you wanting more and wondering who she will pick! Now I will return to reading some of my \\"smarter\\" books:)
B004HD61KE|5.0|Great book to sit down and read straight through.  Not predictable like so many other writers out there right now.
B0052TDGQO|3.0|CD was just as good as he was on TV but the music was too loud and drowns out his beautiful voice.
B0034G4P4O|4.0|The Adventures of Tintin is an enjoyable well done adaptation of the books by Herge. For somebody that knows nothing about Tintin, this is an Indiana Jones-esque story that is fun and action packed. For the Tintin aficionado, this is an amalgamation of three books with some parts that are needlessly extended.<br /><br />March 13, 2012 Update: Blu-Ray + DVD + Digital Copy arrived today. The Digital copy is two different things, a real live downloadable copy through iTunes and the horrible streaming Ultraviolet copy. The &#34;deluxe&#34; Blu-Ray version includes an access code for both types of on computer viewing. The Blu-Ray disc is very nice. I saw the original movie in 3D at the theater. I don't miss the 3D effect, and frankly the sound was better at home on my home theater system. This is a disc well worth buying.<br /><br />The opening credits are almost worth the price of admission. The roughly 3 minutes of credits go through almost all the stories. The graphics are very similar to the books.<br /><br />Tintin, a journalist, buys a model ship at a flea market. It turns out a lot of other people want that ship. There is a bit of mystery, a bit of action, and treasure hunt in the story. The movie is based mostly on the Unicorn series (The Secret of the Unicorn and Red Rackham's Treasure) and The Crab with the Golden Claws. I love the homage to Herge at the beginning of the film, he is the artist doing Tintin's portrait at the flea market.<br /><br />My criticism of the film is the embellishment of a number of scenes. I think the original story left the right kind of gaps in the story to keep me thinking. The film tended to fill in those gaps and lead me too much down the primrose path; I didn't have to think very much with this film. The real pleasure of Tintin is that a person has to think about these stories. The other piece I didn't care for was bringing in Castefiore the opera singer. She really doesn't belong in this story, but Spielberg and Jackson seem to have felt she was a plausible addition.<br /><br />This was filmed in motion capture animation. The film looked really good. That technique has a tendency to look almost too realistic and creepy, not in this film. There was just enough cartoon character to the film, that I never thought this was trying to imitate real life. I saw this in 3D, and can't say it was necessary - I think the film will work just fine in 2D.<br /><br />I really liked the cast. The voices were excellent choices; Jamie Bell is simply fantastic as Tintin. Simon Pegg and Nick Frost ([[ASIN:B0006A9FKA Shaun of the Dead]], and [[ASIN:B000RJO578 Hot Fuzz (Widescreen Edition)]]) are so perfect as Thompson and Thompson.<br /><br />I am a Tintin fan. We have the full DVD set of all the cartoons (these were only available in Canada for a long time and ran on Nickelodeon back in 1991). We also own many of the books. I even have some original antique paper comic books from the early days. I am not a true aficionado of the series, but have loved the original series in French and English.<br /><br />The film is rated PG. Compared to television cartoons, just about any age child could watch this. There's animated violence. The story is a little bit complex, but most children will catch on easily.<br /><br />Almost two years ago I heard that The Adventures of Tintin was in development. I hoped that it would eventually see the light of day in a theater. I am so happy this film was made. It is a wonderful film of my favorite comic book series. This is by far the best filming that has ever been done. The DVD cartoons are very literal translations of the books, with exactly the same graphics and almost the same dialog. The two French live action movies are both pretty campy and not exactly the best films in the world. They stick to the book story lines pretty literally. They are only available in French with no subtitles at all ([[ASIN:B000HXDT0S Tintin: Le Mystere de la Toison D'or / Les Oranges Bleues (FrenchVersion)]]).<br /><br />The Adventures of Tintin is a wonderful film. I enjoyed this film very much.<br /><br />By the way, Marlinspike is a real chateau in France, it is Chteau de Cheverny. The chateau is larger than in the cartoon or books - but it is the model Herge used to draw Marlinspike Hall. The grounds look exactly like the cartoon (it's pretty darn amazing to walk up to this Chateau and see exactly what Herge used as his model).<br /><br />The original cartoons are available on DVD:<br />The DVD Box set:<br />[[ASIN:B0007PBWGY The Adventures of Tintin, Vols. 1-5]]<br />[[ASIN:B000B5MC8M The Adventures of Tintin, Vols. 6-10]]<br /><br />The 2011 film:<br />[[ASIN:B0034G4P4O The Adventures of Tintin]]<br /><br />The new DVD releases:<br />[[ASIN:B005G5NPG0 The Adventures Of Tintin: Season One]]<br />[[ASIN:B0064E8EQ8 The Adventures Of Tintin: Season Two]]<br /><br />The Unicorn 2 part cartoon is also available on Amazon Instant Video:<br />[[ASIN:B006EG6OWW The Secret Of The Unicorn, Part 1]]<br />[[ASIN:B006DARSY2 The Secret Of The Unicorn, Part 2]]<br /><br />Red Rackham's Treasure and The Crab With The Golden Claws are available on Amazon Instant Video. I've included links to those two books in the comments section below.Version)]]).<br /><br />The Adventures of Tintin is a wonderful film. I enjoyed this film very much.<br /><br />By the way, Marlinspike is a real chateau in France, it is Chteau de Cheverny. The chateau is larger than in the cartoon or books - but it is the model Herge used to draw Marlinspike Hall. The grounds look exactly like the cartoon (it's pretty darn amazing to walk up to this Chateau and see exactly what Herge used as his model).<br /><br />The original cartoons are available on DVD:<br />The DVD Box set:<br />[[ASIN:B0007PBWGY The Adventures of Tintin, Vols. 1-5]]<br />[[ASIN:B000B5MC8M The Adventures of Tintin, Vols. 6-10]]<br /><br />The 2011 film:<br />[[ASIN:B0034G4P4O The Adventures of Tintin]]<br /><br />The new DVD releases:<br />[[ASIN:B005G5NPG0 The Adventures Of Tintin: Season One]]<br />[[ASIN:B0064E8EQ8 The Adventures Of Tintin: Season Two]]<br /><br />The Unicorn 2 part cartoon is also available on Amazon Instant Video:<br />[[ASIN:B006EG6OWW The Secret Of The Unicorn, Part 1]]<br />[[ASIN:B006DARSY2 The Secret Of The Unicorn, Part 2]]<br /><br />Red Rackham's Treasure and The Crab With The Golden Claws are available on Amazon Instant Video. I've included links to those two books in the comments section below.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|angry birds rock this was my first game that I ever got and only app that I have I know I need more apps but I only like angry birds!!!!! this game is #1:)
B001NLL0RW|5.0|This book was a thrilling edge of your seat book and a great read.  The more I read from James Rollins the more I wish they would become movies.
B002FOQY2M|5.0|This album is simply put amazing.  I have listened to it dozens of times (by myself and with friends) and honestly it never gets old.  A friend introduced fun. to me a few months ago and I fell in love with them.  If you enjoy music you will enjoy this album, it speaks to the sad, lonely, depressed type of person the most in my opinion and can in fact uplift their spirits.  I have seen it myself.  I am looking forward to their new album and will always be a fan of fun..
B0054JZC6E|5.0|great bunch of simple games that challenge you enough to make you wanna keep playing. kind of addicting. lots of fun
1594744769|5.0|I stayed up all night to read this book.  It was very original and I kept wanting more.  It is definitely a must wad for upper elementary and middle school students.  Excellent choice
B0063IH60K|4.0|Its fun to play. Would recommend it to anyone who likes the game of Solitaire. MobilityWare has many games that are fun and just as good as this one.
B003L77G6K|4.0|This show just gets better and better. I don't always have time for movies, but I can always pop in one of these and get a great laff.
1419702238|5.0|I purchased Diary of a Wimpy Kid Cabin Fever for my 8 year old who has all of this series of books, loves the movies, etc.  This book was in great condition, boxed nicely to prevent damage, arrived in a very timely manner, and was a huge hit with my son who was very excited to complete his series.  I was 100% satisfied with this seller and would do it again today.
1594630844|5.0|Steeped in the wisdom of America's elders, 30 Lessons for Living has an undeniable power to influence the way we think and the choices we make.  Karl Pillemer, the author and a professor of gerontology at Cornell, spent five years interviewing a diverse cross-section of over 1,000 senior members of our society to elicit their life advice.  He reverently calls this group \\"the experts,\\" perhaps for many reasons, but essentially because they have done something the rest of us haven't--they have lived into their eighties, nineties, and beyond, and are able to reflect on their nearly complete lifetimes with unique hindsight. [It's also no small thing that the experts have lived through everything their readers have... plus World War II and the Great Depression.]<br /><br />As a liberal artist in my mid-thirties, I have to admit that while I was curious to see what the experts had to say, I was initially skeptical of how relevant I might find their advice to my own life.  I suspected it might be outdated, preachy, too conservative for my taste, or too generic.  On the contrary, I found the experts' words - as well as Pillemer's insightful synthesis - profound and often very moving.  The book is a compelling, potent collection of guidance for how to live a meaningful life that's attuned to what really matters.  The tone is never self-righteous.  In fact, some of the most poignant advice stems from things the experts felt they got wrong, regrets they had, realizations in their final years about what was actually important.  It's incredibly life-affirming to read about their successes as well as the lessons they learned through mistakes.<br /><br />Pillemer organizes the book into six themes, including marriage, careers and happiness.  Within each theme, he distills the experts' most recurrent comments into five pieces of advice.  Each chapter ends with a \\"refrigerator list\\" of thematically organized advice that I know I will revisit in an ongoing way.  One of the topics I found most interesting was \\"Lessons for a Lifetime of Parenting,\\" for its discerning look at the impact higher life expectancy has had on adult relationships between parents and children.  Our current elders are experiencing the upper end of this evolutionary fact without having had a clear model as children.<br /><br />While the experts' individual anecdotes are affecting, the volume and reinforcement of similar messages over time underscore collective learning.  It's startling to quantify that this book contains 80,000 years of life experience.  The experts' words repeatedly got under my skin, and have already prompted shifts in my thinking and behavior.  While change can often be easier said than done, I think it would be impossible to read this book without engaging in personal reflection, analysis, and consideration of some deeply challenging questions:  Does your life reflect the advice of the experts?  What can you do to live a life without regret?  How do you want to look back on your life?  Are you spending this finite time well?  In one of my favorite lines, the author depicts the experts' perspective: \\"Looking at how younger people squander time, they are like members of a desert tribe staring in dismay at our profligate use of water.\\"  I welcomed the big-picture inquiry in the context of a culture increasingly fueled by instant gratification.<br /><br />Pillemer strikes an impressive balance between showcasing the experts' anecdotes and weaving an accessible, often personal narrative.  I appreciate the author's connections to his own life as a thinker, husband, father, and member of society doing as we all are - ageing.<br /><br />Pillemer doesn't dwell on the ways in which our society neglects elders and their experiences, but the novelty of his study is a testament to our oversight and a reminder of the imminent loss of this valuable resource.  On one level, this book provides advice for living; on another, it illustrates how simple and worthwhile it isto tap into such a goldmine.  All it takes is an interest in asking questions, a willingness to listen, and an openness to our basic human connection despite pre-conceived notions of the gaps.  In addition to the advice I absorbed through the lessons, I have an intensely renewed perspective on the \\"experts,\\" not only those featured in the book, but those in my own life whose experiences and insights are more relatable than I imagined.to tap into such a goldmine.  All it takes is an interest in asking questions, a willingness to listen, and an openness to our basic human connection despite pre-conceived notions of the gaps.  In addition to the advice I absorbed through the lessons, I have an intensely renewed perspective on the \\"experts,\\" not only those featured in the book, but those in my own life whose experiences and insights are more relatable than I imagined.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is a lot of fun. you have to beat previous games to get coins to unlock other games.
B0017SWPXY|5.0|This is one of the top books I have read. Thought I would not be interested because of the racing. This book is not about racing as much as life. The caracters are real and sometimes likeable/sometims not. This is a book I will always remember, and can`t say that about too many.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|Suicidal birds. Enough said. Very funny and comical. I like how they made it challenging but fun at the same time. If you don't like this game there is something wrong with you.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I like how u can choose if u want a deal that is able 2 win or just a random deal I also like how they will auto finish for you when u get 2 a certain point GREAT GAME!!!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this app is pretty fun. all the games are interesting. although unlocking them takes way too long. if you have the time, I reccomdnd it
B000JMLFLW|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed reading (and rereading) this book. The kindle version is great for checking unknown words in the dictionary.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|This is an insanely cool app. Once we get flying cars figured out we'll officially be living in the future. My only complaint is that I don't actually have anything productive to do with it other than playing Civilization while laying on the couch.
B005OCFGTO|5.0|I've been waiting for this DVD set to be released ever since the 2nd movie came out, and I was not disappointed.  It doesn't include all the special commentary or behind-the-scenes moments of the other, individual movie DVDs but I'm willing to sacrifice that to have all the DVDs of the movie (and novel) series I love in one place.  I'm so glad to own it!
B002V092B0|5.0|I was given this book as gift and was a little dubious about its subject. Why would I want to read about somebody having a stroke, it hardly seemed a cheerful topic? But once I started to read the story of this bright woman brain researcher who undergoes a major lesion of the left hemisphere of her brain, I found the topic quite fascinating.   There are many books written about the different functions and abilities of the two halves of a human brain, but hardly any descriptions of what it feels like to have the left side of your brain totally knocked out of commission, to live for months with only the right brain fully functioning and then to have the left brain restored to almost full working capacity. And the writer of this account is a woman who understands the anatomy and internal operations of the brain.   If you want to really understand the difference between the functions of the left and right brains this book is the fullest and most lucid account you are every likely to find. It is not unusual for a trained scientist to have a stroke, but it very rare such a skilled observer of brain functions to live through a major stroke and then recover fully and be able to write about it is in such intimate detail.
B004LWZW4C|5.0|I couldn't believe how fantastic both the video & audio is on this Blu-ray. It's near perfect in both areas. If you want to show off your equipment, pop this disc in & let them be blown away.
B000U0F7RG|5.0|Our son does not watch any tv- he just collects dvd's and watches tv series and movies.  He loved the gift .
B0001I55NS|4.0|Read the book before I saw the movie again.Of course the book has better detail and differs in certain parts from the movie adaptation but it is still an entertaining film to watch.I am a little on a Crichton trip right now (bookwise) and am trying to watch all the movies either again or for the first time.Crichton as a novelist is absolutely awesome and worth reading.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Amazing talent--work ethic--courage--sensibility...this is legend.  Very cool to be a part of, thanks Kelly!  A new fan    RP 2012 ;-)
B0063IH60K|5.0|something fun to pass the time<br />great that its free only one ad runs smoothly on the fire all right
B002BU0DPE|3.0|Pros  Clip on remote works well and helpfull.    Sound is very good.  Yes buzzing is present until game sound kicks in.  Mic is good  Cord is long enough for most installations. Not mine.  Cons  Connection method to PS3 using HDMI and stereo receiver are disappointing at best.  Weight is heavier than expected. NOT comfortable for >2 hour sessions.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Kelly Clarkson has amazing vocal ability and she is such a strong, independent woman.  She stands up for what she believes in and that makes me like her even more.  Thank you for supporting Ron Paul!  Don't ever let anyone silence your voice!
0061537969|4.0|Great book for pet lovers, especially dogs. A story told from a dog's point of view, and a very good read.
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|This is one of the best movies I have ever seen in my entire life. I was born (1947) and raised in the deep south so I experienced first hand the era on which the film focuses.  The Help is an outstanding depiction of societal attitudes in that time and place.  It will make you cry.  It will make you laugh.  It will warm your heart, but most of all it will make you think.  Think about how far we have come and how far we have yet to go.
B0021L8V1G|5.0|Great response time.  Ordered it monday and received it on saturday.  Shipped with receipt and thank you letter.  Thanks for the magnet and pencil.  Your welcome for the business.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|I've been a Kelly Clarkson fan since 2002. I own all of Kelly's full-length albums and EPs. I feel that Kelly Clarkson hit another home run with this \\"Stronger\\" CD. I liked all of Kelly's songs on this \\"Stronger\\" CD except \\"Don't Be a Girl About It\\". I find that many of Kelly's songs as in her past CDs to be very empowering, bold, and strong. For example, for her two first releases, \\"Mr. Know It All\\" and \\"What Doesn't Kill You (Stronger)\\", those songs fit the theme of strong, empowering songs Kelly has sang in the past - \\"Miss Independent\\" and \\"Since U Been Gone\\". I feel that Kelly Clarkson is a good role model for many women in this world. I am a fan of strong women in history including: Jane Austen, Joan of Arc, and in modern times, female artists such as Kelly Clarkson, Adele, and Lady Gaga. I absolutely believe that Jane Austen, Joan of Arc, Kelly Clarkson, Adele, and Lady Gaga have fought for what they believed in. I admire Kelly Clarkson for speaking her mind in both the lyrics of her songs and in real life. I also like that Kelly Clarkson is a generous, nice, modest, talented, thoughtful, brave, strong, respectful, and independent woman. I'm very much a fan of individuals who march to the beat of their own drum, and throughout Kelly Clarkson's music career and real life, Kelly has actually fought for what she believed in and marched to the beat of her own drum.   I actually gave Kelly Clarkson's \\"Stronger\\" CDs to many of my relatives and friends as part of their Christmas gifts this year. All of them were honestly happy to have received Kelly's CD. I have never wavered in being a fan of Kelly's music and Kelly Clarkson as a human being. The title of Kelly's album, \\"Stronger\\", fits and suits Kelly well. Kelly Clarkson has a tough skin due to everything she has experienced in life. What I like about Kelly Clarkson is she is not fearful in being true to herself and to her real feelings. Kelly, stay strong and always be you!   As for this \\"Stronger\\" album, I highly recommend this album in Deluxe Version because of the additional tracks and also for the fact that it includes the \\"Don't You Wanna Stay\\" duet with Jason Aldean. \\"Don't You Wanna Stay\\" has won various country music awards in 2011. For example, Jason and Kelly won CMAs (Country Music Awards) and ACAs (American Country Awards) for their duet. I also recommend that you watch Kelly Clarkson's \\"Mr. Know It All\\" and \\"What Doesn't Kill You (Stronger) music videos online. These two music videos demonstrate how Kelly has been consistent in being true to herself and standing up for herself and encouraging other people to be strong and to stand up for themselves as well.
B005HSL626|5.0|This game is a play of attention and can certainly be fooled with a BOMB. With three types of gameplay, this is an awesome game with goals of new and different cursors, such as Old Glory, and backgrounds with Yin Yangs on them. A very fun and addicting game- you won't BELIEVE how fun it is to slice fruit! :)
B00656C6KK|5.0|What a wonderful CD \\"My Heart\\". I've listened to it many many times since I received it.  The songs are beautiful and Doris' voice is magical. My favorite is \\"You Are So Beautiful\\".  Doris Day is one classy lady.  All of the proceeds go to the Doris Day Animal Foundation.  I'm so glad she decided to do this album and it's doing so well on the charts too. I grew up watching her movies, loved them all and there is nobody who can sing like her.  I would say she has the best female voice of all time. Her phrasing is spot on.  Doris could sing the phone book and it would sound great.  Way to go Doris on your success on \\"My Heart\\".
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|This album is flipping phenomenal! Favorite song is STRONGER! What doesn't kill ya makes ya stronger and thats the God's honest truth :) LOVE IT! GO KELLY!
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|When, within 20 minutes of opening my brand new Kindle Fire, I dropped it on asphalt and seriously cut up the corners, it became incredibly apparent that I needed some protection for my new toy. I received this case a few days ago, and am 110% happy with my purchase. I nearly didn't buy this case because of some of the negative reviews, and am so glad that I did. The material on the back feels sturdy enough to survive a fall and soft enough to cushion the kindle from internal damage. The screen cover is lined with an incredibly soft material that most definitely won't scratch the screen and covered on the outside with a rugged plastic that is also good quality. It's notched on both sides and the screen cover folds up into a stand for watching videos. It took a bit of fiddling to get the stand to work for the first time, but I really like the angle and feel like the kindle isn't in danger of falling down. The elastic strap at the back that I've only read praised as a way to hold the kindle when your reading pulls over the screen cover to hold it in position when closed and can be tucked over the folded up screen cover to keep it out of your way when you're reading. It does function very well as a hand strap also, and is sturdily attached to the cover in a non-intrusive way.   It's easy to get the kindle in and out of the case, and I don't worry about the fasteners scratching the screen, which I was almost expecting. All the material is good quality and seems fairly rugged, and the textures of even the plastic at the back are much better than I'd expected. It doesn't have an offensive smell and isn't made out of foam and silicon, like so many cases are. The design is very chic, and easily mistakable for a Moleskin-type journal. All in all, this was a wonderful purchase and much better than any of the competing cases I looked at.
B004DI7HZ6|5.0|After reading some of the reviews (mostly the negative ones) I was worried that I would not be able to get into this book.  I'm pleased that I decided to try something new.  I felt that the characters had their own personalities and individual quirks.  I quickly became invested in what would happen to them.  As a science teacher, I also enjoyed the references to the history of science and alchemy.  I can't wait until the sequels come out!
B0058VW36U|5.0|very addicting. challenging yet not impossible. one if the very best games available on android. the new levels are great. highly recommended!
B005HPY8LU|5.0|Beautiful and inspirational music!! I can't even say how much I thank Kelly for getting me through a rough time in my life. What doesn't kill you indeed makes you stronger. Thank You so much and this album comes highly recommended!!!
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|I've enjoyed Kelly's 2nd album a lot (as you can tell by my title of the review) but didn't really listen to her 3rd and 4th albums...I will give this one a shot as I bought my first CD in years and years thanks to her support of Dr. Ron Paul and libertarianism.  It's really easy for a celebrity to rally around Barack or even Mitt, but it takes courage to publicly support Dr. Paul...the media's villain.  The lambasting she's taking for exercising her free speech rights, is extremely disheartening.  Those who are for freedom, less government and states rights can put our money where our mouths are and support freedom by buying your album, which I did.
B001UV4XHY|3.0|I loved the great deal on the movie; I wouldn't of found that anywhere else! The only thing that I didn't like was when I got the DVD, there was a hole punched in the paper covering... other than that I'm happy.
B0055S348W|5.0|Does exactly as it says.. :) Fortunately I got it when it was free, just got a new HP printer, love this app!
0143119680|1.0|I was highly interested in reading this book, but the excitement quickly faded after my purchase. The story goes nowhere fast, and I ended up not finishing it (this is not like me at all). It seemed like the 65% or more of what I did read was just about Diana and Matthew kissing and eating. I will not recommend this book to anyone. It had the potential to be so much more than it was.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Best game ever!!!!! It ease your mind, if you have a lot on your mind this is the game to download!!!
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|A lot muscians rely on tricks and producing to get their albums to the top.  But Kelly Clarkson has always remained a true artist.  Her magical voice always comes through.  She has a solid voice with very traditional music.  Oh yea, I like her choice in politicians, 2012.
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|Very bad ass case, its a very sturdy case. I most like the inside of the back. The flap sits very good on the screen. Its almost like the smart case for the ipad, But over all this is a very good case. I'm very confident that if i were to drop my kindle, it would be FULLY protected. Awesome case!!
B005CMSDLE|4.0|I really really liked this film (I should probably have given it five stars but I reserve that rating for the greats).  The film follows Hanna, a very like-able teenager who leaves the forest where she grew up to try and make a normal life for herself.  The only thing is - she's being hunted.  Hanna travels from Africa all the way to Europe to try and meet up with her father who is also on the run.  I won't say any more for fear of giving the film away.<br /><br />This really was a great thriller though and the filmography was absolutely beautiful.  It's not what I've come to expect from action movies or thrillers but it really works well.  I couldn't recommend it enough!
B004WR125O|3.0|We bought this wireless adaptor with the Onkyo NR509 Receiver thinking it would be needed to stream videos etc. and access music/videos from a jump drive.  Guess I did not read the product info closely enough.  It apparently only streams audio.  So the only time I used it was to check for hardware updates for the receiver, but no updates were needed.  As it turned out, we purchased a Blue Ray/DVD player shortly thereafter that streams videos and audio just fine through the new receiver.  So the Onkyo LAN adaptor probably was not needed, but it did connect to our network to check for updates just fine.  Admittedly, I have not chased other uses for this adaptor because our BD/DVD wireless fills our needs and wants.  My advice would be to make sure one really needs to connect the receiver to your network before buying this adaptor.
B0036T1RMM|5.0|Few films can achieve greatness in the several important dimensions of a great text: acting, scripting, photography, pacing, etc. Magnolia blew me away on so many fronts. As a story about our inherent desire to connect, dreams vs. reality, and the complexities of regret and forgiveness, this film excels. The way each  mostly independent string of characters builds on these themes in subtly different ways leaves the viewer with a montage of ideas to ponder long after the film is over. This is the mark of a good film. I would gladly surrender another 3 hours to this work of art as it prompts meaningful reflection on one's own life, relationships, and dreams.
1451648537|5.0|this is a great book about a great man and at a great price. It was a gift for a family member and she was thrilled to receive it.
B006BDHAX0|5.0|Played 5 games on my Asus Transformer without a problem.  Games were varied as expected, and fun to play.  A game timer is included, as is the ability to repeat a game.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Great fun for when you're looking for a quick play. Big variety. Can find just about anything to peak your interest.
1451627289|5.0|I haven't read the book yet but am interested in the premise.  I'm sure it'll be a good read.  It is Stephen King and he hasn't failed me yet as an author.
B0063IH60K|5.0|A great app to pass a few minutes or longer with playing solitaire. I would recommend this to friends. Thank.you!!
B004LWZW4C|5.0|This movie is great on all levels.  The Blu Ray technology makes you feel as if you can step right into the movie.  The story line was superbly integrated into the series which is a rarity.  I loved the fact that they brought Magneto's story to life with a clip from the first movie and then moved forward from his point of view. Another favorite was the short clip with Wolverine.  His three words (no spoiler here) are memorable and perfectly in-tune with his later character :)  I highly recommend this movie to anyone who enjoyed the series.  It won't leave you disappointed.
B004EPYZSK|5.0|I enjoyed the movie very much it took a bit to get into but i will watch it alot more yet was well worth the purchase
1451627289|5.0|This novel was simply fantastic and unforgettable.Stephen King has written an amazing story of history,time-travel and love. To this reader it was the prose that will seal the deal as the best book of the year. The storytelling craft on this one was written with as much heart as it was with talent. The time that was spent by the main character leading up to what he stepped back in time to do, could have been an entire new story in itself. Through this a story develops within itself of passing time and finding love. Mr. King developed characters and situations that made the time spent \\"waiting\\" by George Amberson(or Jake Epping) seem as if those 6 years between 58' & 63' were as much painful as they were heartwarming. This was a well developed storyline that kept the reader aware of just how long those 6 years were, while never seeming overly written or boring. It was strange in a way that it made the story seem so believable because you feel like you spent the time \\"waiting\\" right along with George(or Jake). This was time well spent literally!!!!!  All in all, this an amazing story that can only go from the mind to the paper by a TALENT that is Stephen King. Hats off to Mr. King on this one. This is by far the best story I have read in 2011. Well done!!!!
B001S86J0I|5.0|What do you say about Galaxy Quest? Well, how about funny, really funny, with some interesting touches of insight... Although it is fantastic to watch the parody unfold (in its own unique way), I would also suggest that you watch the extra bits at the end, with very thought provoking interviews...   I bought this to keep with me when I'm on the road too much, to watch when I'm tired and have had it. Frankly, it's great anytime!  BUY IT!
B004U52VPS|5.0|My 5 year old son got this toy as a gift and he loves it. He doesn't usually go by the rules on how to play, he uses his imagation when building. There are so many ways to build with it. It's so cute and all of my nephews and niece love it as well.
B004LOMB2Q|4.0|Once I organized all my random notes into notebooks, I have more clarity and direction with my projects on the go.
B003P9VZ0W|5.0|Granddaughter loved putting these up on her wall and moving them around.  Held up well to four-year-old handling.  Great for little princesses.
B0063IH60K|3.0|ok, but graphics are low quality. much better solitaire apps available that are ad free.   btw, it's not rigged, i won 1st game. not sure what bk6793 is talking about
B0063IH60K|5.0|I had this app on my iphone and consistently enjoyed it when I had down time. Now I also have it on my kindle love the visual details. Very fun &quot;mindless&quot; game.
B0066WJLU6|4.0|nice but wweird and easy fast cool immmmmmm happy ag it and hm its a really nice app no bad for free thole yee
B005VPSEK2|5.0|Hadn't heard you much before, but listened to a couple tracks after seeing your Ron Paul Endorsement.   Great Album. Thank you for Supporting Ron Paul. Would not have bought your album otherwise!
B001HN6922|5.0|This is a great item!  This is a great show and my kids really loved it!  The item was just as listed and was shipped really fast!
B005Y423ZC|2.0|I was fortunate enough to see Adele perform live last summer and was just blown away.  Though I'm a lifelong music fan and an older guy, she is an old soul channeling emotions that go  way beyond her 22 years on the planet.  I was thrilled and excited when I saw this DVD was coming out and quickly bought a copy.   Though Adele is incredible, whoever was the director of this abomination should be shot on sight.  Horrible quick edits, ridiculous shots from the top of the Albert Hall behind a hanging lamp, and  too many shots of the audience singing along.  I want Adele just as she is. yes, she just stands there and sings...that's what's so powerful about her.  So why do we need quick edits of boring shots of the drummer? Just give me Adele straight on singing a song with  minimum quick edits and I would be a happy guy.  Buy it if you must (and trust me you must), but be aware that this ADD director pretty much ruins the Adele experience.
0920668372|5.0|I do love this book - and the only reason for me writing this review is because of some negative comments it has strangely attracted.  I can't help but think that people finding this book 'weird', 'creepy' or 'perverse' is more a sign of the times than anything else!  An elderly mum hugging her grown son is simply not any of these adjectives.  We should all be so lucky to have a mum whose love we can't destroy - who intentionally seeks to bless us.  It is a blessing - not a curse to have such a mother!  I have a mum who was like that... and I have a son who is 11 years old, who after a sometimes REALLY trying day, I can peek through his bedroom door and watch him sleeping... he is, and always will be MY baby.  And let me tell you - a mum struggling to raise a son in the culture of the western world today NEEDS those moments.  I can't help believe that one of the biggest reasons God gives us mums, is because we all need someone who will 'love us forever, and like us for always'... because people need that.  It's a shame people take such a simple story - and turn it into ideas of obsession and malicious or odd undertones.  One of the great advantages the eastern cultures have over the western cultures, is the importance of family.  The western world prides itself on independence and 'standing on your own two feet'.  Although part of the purpose of child rearing, it is hardly the only part!!    Nothing is as powerful as a mother's love.  This story is the 'story' of that.
B004SCN2F6|5.0|Seriously. If the demo is at all interesting, you will get hours of play. This game rocks.  You will will want to replay it, with completely new tactics at least more than once. This game reminds me of the C64 Elite game. kudo's to those developers.
B006BDHAX0|5.0|This is a great version of mahjong! I play it everyday. Haven't had any troubles with it closing in the middle of a game.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|very fun app! lots of options! I would recommend to a friend for sure! I hope you all also enjoy!
B002MQYOFW|2.0|I found the first book in the series to be pretty engaging and difficult to put down after I started it. Collins did a great job at creating a fictitious world set in the future that has the right balance of fantasy and reality, at least in the beginning. However, after I moved on to the other books in the series, it felt very predictable to me what was going to happen. I also got sick of the internal dialogue going on in the main character's head. She constantly had to spell out for the reader what a predicament she was in, saying to things to herself along the lines of,  \\"If I choose to do this, then this bad thing will happen, but if I choose the opposite, then this other bad thing will happen. Do I love this guy? Or do I love that guy? Golly gosh, what shall I do?\\"  The love triangle in the book also felt cliche and often times very forced. By the end of the last book, I just wanted to finish it to get closure on the series, but it was much less fun finishing the book than it was starting it. By the end of the series, I felt more like I read a made-for-Hollywood script than an epic book series.
B0006IIKS0|5.0|Acredito que muitos fs do Metallica toram o nariz para este document&aacute;rio, afinal este no &eacute; um filme sobre Heavy Metal, mas sobretudo sobre relaes humanas. O document&aacute;rio retrata um per&iacute;odo conturbado da banda com a demisso do baixista e os problemas com &aacute;lcool do vocalista e a contratao de um psic&oacute;logo especialista em bandas. Cenas intensas, de brigas, discusses, do processo de criao da banda e a relao entre os m&uacute;sicos refletem a barra que &eacute; manter uma banda em alto padro como &eacute; o Metallica. Trs cenas so sensacionais, a primeira que marca o retorno da auto-estima da banda quando so entrevistados por uma r&aacute;dio local, a segunda com a contratao do novo baixista e a terceira com a demisso do tal psic&oacute;logo. Filme imperd&iacute;vel para fs e para qualquer pessoa dos 0 aos 100 anos, afinal o document&aacute;rio &eacute; sobre a vida como ela &eacute;.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|This was the first book I read on my kindle, and it made an awesome first impression.  I read a number of articles about this book in the past, but only read it recently after encountering so many positive reviews; I had to check it out.  I am so thankful I did.    Do not be turned off by the genre 'young adult'; I know that for many novels, this means sappy or silly.  The Hunger Games appeals to a wide audience, young and old alike.  I won't rehash the plot, but it is an interesting and unique one.  Collins describes a future that is not only detailed, but frighteningly realistic.  While you may read the plot and think that a tournament of killer children may seem ridiculous, but this book just seems possible.  There are so many elements that I recognized: the televised hype for the games was similar to American Idol, the tributes' stylists performed similarly to politicians' 'handlers', an overall love of violence that is just a few steps away from the current cultural love of a bloodbath.  I think this novel has a lot to say, and does it in such a way that is entertaining too.  The one thing I loved about this novel instantly was how it grabs you from the first paragraph and never slows down.  Collins does not waste a lot of time introducing long detailed accounts of Panem's history, and what she does reveal is enough for the reader to understand but still want more.  It's a thrilling novel, but also emotional as well.  Katniss is a strong female character, forced to grow up much faster than her 16 years, but the audience does not forget that yes, these are children killing each other.    Highly recommended.  Read this today!
B0063IH60K|5.0|a great app for the kindle fire. runs smoothly and the ads do not get in the way at all. great app!
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|That is all I have to say about the app angry birds I absolutely possitutely love this app buy this game
B000YDCFRE|5.0|good shape and comfortable for my foot,i would rather to buy another one,i like it very much!!haha,suggest u to buy it !
031617615X|1.0|I was ordering all four books of the Twilight series for someone else as a gift,  but because I had to go through several different publishers (since all were not available from one publisher) two books were the \\"normal\\" size and cover and two were smaller versions with different looking covers, including this book. My fault for not paying attention to the dimensions when ordering. Ended up buying 2 replacement \\"normal\\" books at Walmart so everything would match.
B004I744AS|5.0|This app has helped me do homework. I don't need to take out a dictionary or open up my computer! This app is saving me time
B0063IH60K|4.0|I have played this game for quite a while now with absolutely no performance problems.  The various difficulty levels seem accurate and I have had many hours of fun.  Besides, it's always good to play a card game without having to shuffle or deal.
B0063IH60K|5.0|makes me stop and think and use my head when since I don't work outside the home and take care of my kids. great stress release.
B005K17RU0|4.0|I installed this app when I first got my fire and was unable to set my home location. I then tried the Weather Channel app, but the interface was too ugly and cluttered. When I reinstalled AccuWeather, my home location was correct. I love the clean interface; my only wish is that the hourly forecast extended farther.
B004UNX1LS|2.0|First, I open the app and everything looks fine. Then, I search a song and notice that the actual song is a ways down on the results, while all the top results were behind the scenes and things. Okay, one small problem. But then I started to watch the video. The quality was terrible, and was still bad after putting it in HQ. But that isn't a big deal, either because the audio quality is fine. But the thing that ruins it is the app can't go 30 seconds without randomly skipping like 45 seconds later in to the song. I'm not even touching my fire when it happens, but there is no stopping it. But I will give some credit since it seems to work with other devices.
1451627289|5.0|Once one buys into the time travel premise, this book reads like the real deal.  The mixing of real events from the assassination period with King's vivid imagination, produces a book that was hard to put down.  And the twists and turns aren't predictable.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|i like this app quite a bit. lots of variety. and you never get bored.  great for kids too! fantastic
B003Y5H5FQ|4.0|There are a lack of 3d reviews online so I thought I would share my opinions regarding the 3d effects of movies I have seen.  I have a 3d plasma tv so I try to get movies in 3d when I can.  Some 3d movies are not too great in 3d, but I even like the effect when there is only added depth to 3d movies as I feel it adds a little more to the film, but when things \\"pop out\\" that is when I get excited about scenes.  This is just a quick review of the 3d without spoiling the effects.   This movie is dark, so wearing 3d glasses makes it even darker.  At first I was a bit dissapointed with this, but not every scene looked too dark.  To make up for it the movie had numerous 3d \\"pop outs\\" which surprised me (I acutally wasn't expecting much). I like it when I rewatch scenes to see the \\"pop out\\" again as I did with this movie.  Overall this was one of the better 3d movies I have seen.  I am considering purchasing it for the 3d effects and it was a good movie, that I would love to show off to friends/family.
B005VPSEK2|5.0|I like all the songs on this cd, prob my favorite CD from Kelly. Buy it if your a fan of kelly
B003Y5H5FG|5.0|I'm gonna keep this short and sweet!  This Fright Night is AMAZING---the original had it good points, but MAN, is it NOT holding up well with the passage of time.  The humor in this film does not seem forced and is actually a fun, modern take on these memorable characters.  Not extremely gory or gratuitous---The effects are slick and the cast is just AWESOME!  Colin Farrell is the sexiest damn blood sucker EVER.  Anton Yelchin  (Chekov, in the new STAR TREK) as Charlie Brewster, is a well written high school kid wanting to leave his \\"geekdom\\" far behind him.  David Tennant (Doctor Who) as Las Vegas entertainer, Peter Vincent---BRILLIANT!  What a departure from his Doctor character.  Toni Collete is a very relatable single mom/Realtor and lives with her son in the middle of a cookie-cutter tract house division isolated from town (Las Vegas).  Loved the realism of how half the housing tract was deserted due to foreclosures---or vampire attacks? Who knows...  I liked the original Fright Night.  I LOVED IT, in fact, in the 80's.  After seeing it again on Stars in October, I had to laugh at how it fell flat compared to the pace of new movies.  This new version, is fresh, sexy, creepy and funny as hell.  I think you'd enjoy it even if you've never seen the original.
B005CGI4EG|5.0|This is a great Bargain and great fun!  Upon receiving this I understood  what others have said about the packaging but want to share what I have done.  Since I keep most of my CDs and DVDs in those leather books, I had a small one with just enough slots to hold   40 DVDs. So now the whole series is neatly sitting in the leather case which is shaped like a book. Just open  it and choose which episodes or seasons you want to view.  Works GREAT and you do not need the box at all.  Just label the outside of the leather DVD case. I am sure you can purchase these cases from Amazon..  Works for me...
B00632HWOG|3.0|this is a great product but the one thing i haven't found yet is a sign out button which why i gave this a -2 star rating. otherwise its very clean and nice to look at your email(s) with. have it on the kindle fire.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|not bad, I agree the games are pretty hard, but still good app.  not great for kids but fun when waiting for them.
B004SJ3AXI|3.0|its harder then the normal angry birds its take like 20 tryst for me to even finish a level. on the normal angry birds it only takes me like 3 trys only.
B0050QV0RQ|5.0|Got this as the FAOTD a while back, but would gladly pay for it. No irritating random battles like Final Fantasy, you can see when you're about to have a battle. Awesome character customization, great gameplay. The controls can be a little rough on the map, but that's expected when using a touchscreen phone. I highly recommend this game, worth every penny.
B005HSL626|5.0|A endlessly fun game that keeps me and my brother busy!! The bombs annoy me though!! :D definetly endless fun!
B006BDHAX0|1.0|Developer needs to pay better attention to what their doing with a release like this. Such a waste of time for all concered!
B0064TVQ5E|4.0|I love to play this game, but crashes after a couple of rounds. but I just restart the game over. please fix.
0199536309|5.0|The product arrived in a timely manner and was in excellent condition. It was give as a gift so I'm unable to review the book itself, but the title pretty much tells the story.
B0041KKYBA|3.0|At university in Japan I teach a unit called 'Americanism.' That unit focuses not on American Culture, which is a common elective to be found in most colleges and universities, rather it focuses specefically on the political, social, philosophical, economic and religious notion of America as a cultural brand called Americanism. More specefically it explores this notion through the key construct of American Corporate Capitalism, which is the fundamental tenent of Americanism.<br /><br />Whilst this documentary was very useful for its economic content, specefically in terms of being able to introduce quite complex economic terms such as: Credit Default Swaps, Sub-Prime Loans,  Leverge and Mark-to-Market Accounting to second-language non-business majors that's really it's only defining merit.<br /><br />The aforementioned aside, if one views the narrative of `Inside Job' from a more critical perspective, that is to say, if we consider this film as part of the Historical Record and analyze it from an academic standpoint - which is clearly what we should do. Then this film presents itself in an altogether more flawed light. What I mean by that is one cannot help but notice that this AMERICAN-made film presents itself not as that, but rather as having been made from afar. Specifically it views its subject matter as if it were made by a pompous European viewing the 2008 economic meltdown from across the Atlantic with a very strong pair of binoculars.<br /><br />To summate, the AMERICAN financial crisis was created by Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, Lehman Brothers, Merrill Lynch, Bear Stearns et al. who were all operational under Federal and State Laws in AMERICA, to be precise, these companies were founded on the principle of AMERICAN Corporate Capitalism, and were simply playing the rules set by the U.S. Congress and agreed to by the AMERICAN public. As they say, `Don't hate the player, hate the game.' Just as each an EVERY German adult national who lived between 1939-1945 was guilty of genocide because of their complacency in failing to uprise against the Third Reich, so every single AMERICAN citizen is responsible for the economic melt-down because they were also complicit is allowing the system that spawned Enron, Lehman etc. to prevail. Had the collapse not occurred, and had people still money in their wallets, then the system would be unchanged to this day and facile, toothless movements like `Occupy Wall Street' would not be acting out their part as the token 'outraged' masses in its current theatre run.<br /><br />If a nation like America was founded on genocide, bloated by slavery and achieved wealth by standing on the sidelines of WWII until it could predict the winner - after which it found itself the only developed country with an economy in tact, from which the American Empire was built, how it claim to have any functional moral compass? Why is this critical fact ignored in this film? Why are the defendants portrayed as being somehow 'foreign' or 'distant' to ordinary Americans when they have the SAME Weltanschauung as ordinary Americans - who, I have no doubt, would act in EXACTLY the same way given the opportunity!<br /><br />Looking at America's history of atrocities, violations, war-crimes, greed, theft, warmongering, environment and cultural devastation and utter hypocrisy, the Meltdown (like 9/11) is really a drop in the ocean in terms of its relevance in the larger puzzle and the History of the World; it really is nothing more than can be expected from a Nation whose parallels to Hitler's Third Reich are striking and which is responsible for just about every woe in the world and has been since it was founded that very, very short time ago.<br /><br />In conclusion. Whilst the Meltdown may be regrettable to some, it is merely the effect of a much more insipid and cancerous prevailing ethos that dyes each and every American who pledges `Allegiance' to the flag with the same colour. If the filmmakers wanted to reallyaddress the very serious issues raised in this film then they need to go back and strip the covers of the framework of Americanism and American Corporate Capitalism to reveal the inner workings and THEN address those; for until someone is brave enough to stop the bus and open up the engine to see what `that' noise it, the system will never change and we (the rest of the world) will continue to pay the price for America's Empire.address the very serious issues raised in this film then they need to go back and strip the covers of the framework of Americanism and American Corporate Capitalism to reveal the inner workings and THEN address those; for until someone is brave enough to stop the bus and open up the engine to see what `that' noise it, the system will never change and we (the rest of the world) will continue to pay the price for America's Empire.
B004GJYROG|5.0|Ordered this item for my son, he loved it when seeing for the first time in the movie theater.  Great item to take a break from college work.[[ASIN:B004GJYROG Space Jam]]
B001UHOWXI|5.0|We really enjoyed the quality of both the black and white and color dvds.  It's a timeless classic.  The picture is so clear.
B0001UL7RY|5.0|If there's one thing Avril Lavigne should know better, it's timing. Releasing \\"Under My Skin\\" the same time as Jessica Simpson's \\"In this skin\\" made it seem like she was not only ripping off Simpson, but also trying to use the album titles to boost sales of her album. Never-the-less, \\"Under My Skin\\" is different from Simpson's album, in fact, it's the polar opposite. Avril strays away from the light hearted nature of her debut album \\"Let Go\\" and instead works on a darker sound with more raw vocals. She also ditches the Matrix and Max Martin so she can focus more on pleasing herself, not necessarily her fans, with a collection of songs that best describes what she's learning through the process of growing up. Now personally, I don't we're truly getting under her skin, or rather knowing more about her persona, but we are getting the chance to understand someone, whether it be a homeless person, a couple on the rocks, or a girl who simply wants her crush to know that she loves him. The most personal track off the album is \\"Slipped Away\\" which Avril notes is dedicated to her deceased grandfather. Bottom line, happy moments are rare on \\"Under my skin\\", but then again, with the amazing production and songwriting here, who needs them? This album makes dark and depressing soup for the soul. Her best moment comes from the track \\"How does it feel?\\", which Avril delivers powerfully and with great emotion, as she does with every other song on this album as well.
B005BDZN62|4.0|This is one of my favorite all time musicals... and I think Natalie Wood with HIGHLY underrated as an actress.  That said it was an exciting purchase I got it fast and wrapped it up under the tree only to find my Beagle got a hold of it and chewed it to bits!  Of course my 3 kids say...\\"it's ok, mom... the disks didn't get messed up.  Just the box.\\"  sigh....  can't knock amazon for my naughty doggie and kids.
B005HPY8LU|5.0|When I first heard that Kelly was coming back with new music I was ecstatic, she was off the scene for a year and I was antsy for more of her break-up anthems, as well as her songs about rising above those who tear you down. The title of the album sets the mood for the whole album \\"Stronger\\". The idea comes up in different ways in each song, sometimes it's flat out saying 'what doesn't kill you makes you stronger' and other times she looks to others for support in her quest to become the reverent person she is today. After the sell-out previous album \\"All I Ever Wanted\\", this was the best possible direction for her sound. It goes back to her \\"Breakaway\\" days back in 2004-2005, where she belted out her power anthems and delivered awesome ballads. Sonically, \\"Stronger\\" relies heavily on drums, guitars, and Kelly's best asset, her voice. You can't deny the raw talent she displays on any of her albums, because whether or not any special effects have been added, you always hear HER voice, not a machine. And seeing as how this is her first album in her career to come out without any conflict and/or controversy, you can tell that she has everyone in her corner now, and she's finally able to deliver her true self while still being loyal to her fanbase, a feat she had tried to accomplish with \\"My December\\", but utterly did not achieve. It took Kelly seven years to come up with a rival to \\"Breakaway\\", and she has pulled it off beautifully. And I dare you not to get up and jam out during \\"You can't win\\" and \\"What Doesn't Kill You (Stronger)\\".
B004QK5N5W|4.0|I have to say that this is a bit overpriced as are all Apple accessories, but it definitely works well.  Helps me to mirror my iPad2 and also to see Netflix while traveling if there is a TV with HDMI input.  I also have an Apple TV 2, and while that is great for the living room, I can just carry this dongle around with my iPad2 anywhere I go.
B00006CXXU|5.0|Christina Aguilera debuted as another pop-machine with her self-titled debut album \\"Christina Aguilera\\". Her songs were catchy and as peppy as all of the other pop artists out there, but there was no distinction to who Christina really is and what music means to her. \\"Stripped\\" is different, very very different. Starting with her topless album cover and ending with her music, she strips away all the facades and the pretense and bares it all (both literally and figuratively) to show her fans who SHE really is, not what the media shows her to be. Britney Spears tried this feat with her 2001 album \\"Britney\\", which was personable but not interesting. Around the same time, Pink also came into her own with her 2001 breakthrough \\"Missundaztood\\", but was, just like Britney's album, dull and not in the least bit exciting or groundbreaking enough. Then in 2002, it was Christina's time to change her direction and start to take heavy involvement with her music. And to her success, it worked. Finally somebody got the memo and truly did break through the mold of the expectations of a pop star (despite what AllMusic says). Christina may not have the first singer to provide soup for the soul, but she was definitely the first to execute it effortlessly and flawlessly. And unlike Pink's \\"Missundaztood\\", where she tried to make songs relatable to everyone, Christina actually did make songs that everybody can appreciate and relate. Not only that, but she writes for her own personal experiences and captures the emotions in her vocals. She sings of many different struggles and triumphs, ranging from domestic violence to sexual abuse, from discrimination to toxic relationships. It doesn't seem right to include that wide a range of themes and accompany them with R&B, soul, hip-hop, rock, and pop, but the content of \\"Stripped\\" defies all odds and do work together seamlessly. Christina has managed to mature her sound, make it her own, add the sex appeal, and get nothing lost in the translation. Although those who dislike her music won't change their minds, Christina has made a record far better than that of her pop rivals, and proves to her loyal fans that just being yourself and growing from your experiences is ok. Could she have toned down her sexual overtones on this album? Yes, but rarely does she let her body get in the way of her soul on this set. Ultimately, Christina proves that you can be successful just being yourself, and you don't have to change any aspect of your character just to please the mainstream, your peers, or your superiors. Don't miss this album, especially with her best-ever single \\"Beautiful\\" on the track list. It's just one of many outstanding performances from the new diva of pop.
B006AZZPCM|5.0|Works well on my Pandigital Novel. My old Youtube app sucked because it would be on & off not consistant at all  with the video quality very bad.<br /><br />Tubemate is the best. You can watch Youtube videos on Tablets that dont have android 2.2 or Flash. You can download the videos then convert them to MP3. Saves time for having to do it on your computer.<br /><br />Tube Mate has preferences settings like Video Quality. The vids play very clear.<br /><br />The reason i like this app & youtube viewing on tablets is because you can watch full legnth TV shows & movies with no problem
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|might be my favorite CD of all time no joke. I love Kelly Clarkson and now that I know she loves Ron Paul I love her even more. She's the best!
B001FB4W16|5.0|True Blood is, hands down, my favorite show on television! I was happy to be able to start purchasing the series for my home collection and even more happy to start from the beginning to enjoy the relationship between Sookie and Bill unfold. I give the series 5 stars but would give the quality of the box itself a four. The corners of the box appear worn and torn. I am quite disappointed in that since I purchased what was supposed to be a new set. Although the appearance of the set is not to my standards, I would still recommend this purchase as the series is just FABULOUS!
B0063IH60K|5.0|like the options and easy to download &amp; start using. good time killer for the kids when they are bored!
B000031WBV|5.0|This is my favorite recording of the Chopin Nocturnes, although I wish Rubinstein had also recorded Nocturne # 20 in C# minor (the only played in the movie \\"The Pianist\\").  That is one of my favorite Nocturnes.  The stereo sound is natural & balanced.  No complaints.  These pieces are good listen to on the ipod while falling asleep.  Soothing to the soul.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|My mother, a 6th grade Literacy teacher, had been encouraging me to read the series for quite a while before I finally borrowed the books from her.  I'm so glad I snagged all three at once as the need to quickly go from one story to the next was insatiable.
B000ICM0YY|5.0|I like Gilels Waldstein probably better than any other pianist I've heard play it.  I'm also fond of his playing of Sonata No. 3 (C major).  This would be a wonderful addition to anyone's \\"Beethoven Sonatas\\" collection, even if it is not 'complete.'
B000001GQJ|5.0|My favorites on this are Ravel & Prokofiev.  The whole CD is great though.  The Liszt Sonata is diabolical.  Love it.
B001UV4XHY|3.0|i think the kids did an excelent job growing up with the books  as always the stuff left out was sorely missed and the changes were plenty   the dragon scene was entertaining once again the changes were dissappointing
B001IMFHVG|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this dvd.  There's never a dull moment in Rubinstein's playing - especially of Chopin.  This is my favorite Chopin \\"Heroic\\" Polonaise on video - In the last few bars, Rubinstein seems to nearly jump right off of the piano bench from the sheer excitement this piece generated while he played it.  He was born to play (and own) this piece.  I don't believe any pianist before him or after will be able to get to the heart of this piece the way Rubinstein did.  The video has some grain, but to me that makes it have a \\"retro\\" feel.  Sometimes, it's good to feel like one is going \\"back in time\\" to relive an unforgettable performance!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|love the challenges of unlocking new games and the fact that this game offers lots of different types of games from arcade to puzzles etc. also enjoy the different incentives
B000001G5H|5.0|What more can one say about Pollini's Chopin Etudes?  They have stood the test of time, and most consider these to still be the reference by which all other Chopin Etudes are measured.  The playing is brilliant, and Pollini's technique was more than up to the task of playing these difficult pieces.  Get this one and Perahia's, too!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I think this is a great game I like the challenge I have while trying to beat some of the level. keep on playing
B000001GQD|5.0|Get this one for the Rachmaninoff.  The playing is gorgeous, and you won't find a better interpretation of this great work anywhere.  Rubinstein & Reiner is pretty good, too.
B003Y5H5FG|3.0|I grew up in the 80's, so I guess I'm just partial.  I like the older verson with Chris Sarandon.  He did a great job in the original Chuckie movie to.  The thing that gets me with a lot of these newer films, is that they are extremely dark.  I find that much of the action is happening during the darkest moments and you can't really see what is going on.  There weren't that many great special effects scenes either.  You'd think they would have much better special effects being that this is almost 2012.  All they did was try to make it a bit more trendier.  Trendy is ok, but this movie just seems low budget or something.  Don't get me wrong.. I'm not saying the 80's version was perfect, but it just seemed a lot more watchable and likeable.  A lot of the movies now just computer animate.  I'd like to see a bit more creative genius, than all the computer animation and dark action.  I will admit that I am a bit vison impaired, but I found myself asking my husband what was happening much of the time.  It just wasn't as enjoyable to me as the original.  Perhaps they should have taken some lessons in illusion from Mr. Vincent. I gave this 3 stars, definitely no more!
B003O2RQKS|5.0|I am finding that I really much prefer bluray to dvd any day.  It's great to see the details close-up on Lang Lang's hands as he plays and the details in his facial expressions.  The beautiful fixtures hanging from the ceiling look great, too.  All of the playing is fabulous, and Lang Lang plays with his usual confidence.  I could not detect a hint of uncertainty in his playing at any time.  Bravo!
0307959856|1.0|Such an audacious presumption to compare this to a Jane Austen book! I looked forward to enjoying this book but, alas, did not.  could not.  How trite. Superfluous.  No more description needs to be given.
B005ANZN3Q|5.0|This is my favorite (I have the bluray) piano concert in my well over 50 that I have collected ranging from Rubinstein to Horowitz, Glenn Gould, and everything in between.  Those who do not like Lang Lang's unique way of presenting a concert need not comment because this was not made for the classical music snobs (which most people, and I would agree) contribute to classical music's demise.  If you want classical music to survive, then you need to support artists who make videos like this.  There's no written rule that says a concert must be done a certain way.  If you're going to comment, comment on the actual music and not everything else going on.  Lang Lang is brilliant.  Don't hesitate to get this, unless you're also against buying and wearing jeans that have holes in them, too.  It's 2011 so let's stop acting like it's still 1930.
B003XF1OJK|5.0|Halo fan or not, this book is a great read full of action, emotion, and storyline that no one should miss out on! The great story behind Master Chief could not be told any better than how Eric Nylund displays it here!
B001MTENOC|5.0|You may be intrigued by, even critical of, many personal or social views regarding the so-called afterlife. If, however, you have ever even considered the thought, then this book is for you. And, quite frankly, it is about everything ongoing around youand all you thought to be.<br /><br />Few books have been written that could begin in the middle, or is timeless where it begins, or continue beyond its last page back to the beginning. Regardless of your age, it will speak to you, and stay with you for quite some time - despite all what you may otherwise perceive as poor choices, genes, intellect, talent, love, luck, hate, social conflicts, physical hardship or even the sheer fact of having been born in the first place with or without your karmic expectations of life.<br /><br />This is not your common and over-published book about pain, purpose and healing for meek and ordinary lives. This is far beyond that, from a rare accepted professional study into the very depths of whom you may not only believe yourself to be, but also why you exist with your everyday experiences of hopes and struggles in the first place. In short, all one has always wished to understand about one's identity, purpose and fate (and so much more) is answered in these pages  and, just perhaps, with a nudge toward an inner peace with oneself.<br /><br />As a latecomer to Journey of Souls, I will say this was an enlightening experience to read and which has left me to search its continuation within myself and all that exists around me.  Yes, it is that profound of a work.<br /><br />I initially rated this book as a Four, but after much resourcing to other authors and related genre I have found that JOURNEY OF SOULS is among (and remains) the pinnacle of works in the field.  Having said that, Journey of Souls is not an absolute, but the rest is for us all to take.<br /><br />You should be delighted to read this with an open mind, if you are open to your own self. If not, read it anyway; you just might learn something and question, if not gain, a lot of answers you've been searching for anyway. Then, afterward, pass it on to a friend or stranger in need.<br /><br />Read this book. One day, many weeks, months, or even years later, you will read it again.  It is that rewarding.
B0000VCZK2|5.0|I am very happy with my purchase it was more than i was expecting. I loved the case the movies came in and how it folded out, a great collection.
1419702238|5.0|I bought this for my son as a Christmas present. He has all the others and enjoys them. This was just the last to complete the set. I am sure there will be more eventually and I will most likely be buying those as well. The hardcover is really nice and seems to be made really well. Haven't had a problem with any of them. They definitely hold up much better than the soft cover.
B003G4W49C|1.0|I got so many recommendations from friends about this book I thought I'd try it out.  It was barely competently written, but somewhat forgivable since it was both an early work of Orson Scott Card's and also adapted from a short story.  What wasn't forgivable was the incredible tediousness and complete absolute predictability of the story.  There are no surprises at all - only stupid characters who fail to react to what is plainly obvious to every reader.  This trend unfortunately continues in at least the second book Speaker for the Dead, which has even MORE STUPID characters who can't understand what is plainly obvious to the most intellectually challenged reader.  This makes for a poor story and a poor reading experience, thus I cannot recommend this to ANYONE.
B006BDHAX0|4.0|Terribly addicting... Can't stop playing! Works great on Moto razr; doesn't freeze or crash. Sometimes, however, I tap a card and it doesn't highlight... Zaps my score! Otherwise... Love this app.
0316779237|3.0|I intended the item to be a Christmas gift, but when it came, it was so inconsequential that it became just an item in her Christmas box and I found something else to wrap as her main gift, which was fine;  it just wasn't what I expected.
B0052VUNHC|2.0|Typically, don't write reviews. I'll read a book on my Kindle, rate it, and move on. However, I felt I needed to say something about this one.. because like many, I was deceived by the 4.5 stars and raving reviews.   I gave this book two stars because I was intrigued throughout most of it. It even started off pretty promising! Unfortunately, I found myself waiting for the story to evolve, hoping the plot would thicken.. only to be thoroughly disappointed. I felt like there was little purpose within it's pages. Was the author suggesting that women should become involved with overly-possessive, explosively volatile men? They should then go repetitively crawling back to those men, seeking security? No, not okay. Disturbing, even.   I found the main characters to be unrealistic, and even borderline psychotic. The relationship that was portrayed was unhealthy. I couldn't help but to become annoyed each time Abby reacted positively to Travis' horrible, possessive ways. The cover of this book depicts a trapped butterfly in a jar. That's how I felt about Abby, and Travis' involvement in her life.  Oh, and the typos. They were everywhere! As a college student (non-english major), I'm no grammar slammer. When I was reading this book, I sometimes had trouble skimming over the run-on sentences, misspellings, and missing words. Parts are so grammatically flawed, that they're confusing.  This book is based around one annoying relationship, many absurd characters, and even more written flaws.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This version was fun and challenging. I like that you can choose different types of deals which personalizes the game more.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I love that it has different deal options including winning deal. I recommend this app! and its free which makes it even better!
B002N5N5M0|5.0|Awesome show with a great plot.  Keeps you on the edge of your seat for sure.  His sarcasm is great and makes the show
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|It is the best app.of.its kind.  I make audio notes in the field which I later use to write my reports in the office.  I like that it geotags a note, as well.  I can't laud this app enough!!
B005HPY8LU|5.0|...so we are all buying her excellent album.  It just shot from 41st to 1st on Amazon!  Great album!  Pay attention, Hollywood!  Be brave enough to endorse the pro-minority-rights, pro-gay-rights Ron Paul, and you may get a similar bump!
B005I6EVUG|5.0|Wonderful cover than easily converts to a stand.  Durable and attractive!  Your Kindle can stay right in this case at all times!
B00006FDCD|3.0|Always a classic but an extremely long film by anybody's standard. A definite must see but be prepared to either sit for 3 hours and lose feeling in your lower extremities or to take frequent bathroom breaks/ return to the film at a later time.
B004EPYZXK|4.0|Well acted, great effects, fun.  I wasn't expecting much when I saw the other reviews, but was pleasantly surprised - and I'm a jaded sci-fi geek.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|YouVersion has come in very handy. As long as you are connected to wifi it is quick. When I am not connected to wifi. I can only use the versions that I have stored on my phone or tablet and the processing time is very much increased.
B005OOL1IC|1.0|Those expecting to see more of the same in this sequel to the highly-successful original will be very disappointed.  While the first Hangover movie was a side-splitting, wild ride, this sequel was devoid of any humor and had a dark tone that made for a very unpleasant viewing experience. In this go-round, the characters seemed joyless and the director relied on girlish screams to try to induce laughter (didn't work)instead of giving the characters actual funny situations to deal with.  Especially annoying was the character of Alan who turned into a mean-spirited version of his former self.  I had to watch the original after watching this wretched sequel just to get the bad taste out of my mouth.
B0063IH60K|5.0|this is a great free app that you can use your mind and solve puzzles!! I recommend this app/ game to everybody.
B0058VW36U|5.0|Sorry Angry Birds, the new top dog has taken over. This game will keep you busy as you ignore the rest of your family and replay the fun levels that you've already beaten 7 times.
B002VPE7AQ|5.0|This book is awesome! Simone Elkeles writes some fantastic teen romance books. Right now, I've only read 2 of her books one being Leaving Paradise. Next, I'm going to read the sequel to it which is Return to Paradise. These are great books, also, but go for those AFTER you read Perfect Chemistry. Perfect Chemistry is probably one of the best books out there. Seriously, it's that good. I LOVE it! Perfect Chemistry also has a few sequels, but they are books about Alex's brothers finding true love. (Alex is one of the main characters in Perfect Chemistry, but you should have found that out on your own!) Honestly, these books are wonderful... you have to read them.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This game is so much fun and is a good entertainer!!!!!! There are so many different games and you will never get bored!
B005HSL626|5.0|i love it so much its my fav game on my ipod and kindelfire its the most amazing game ever
B0063GORYU|5.0|works same as any, but luv th large format, full tablet size layout. ads aren't too invasive &amp; th detailed stats r great.
B006JPS1OM|4.0|so far this app is very good.  keeps you thinking.  love that it is free. I would recommend it to others.
B0055SWM08|3.0|Half way through I got the award for 30min play time. have gotten perfect scores on every stage and used zero hints. wish the.challenge aspect.was.higher.
B0063IH60K|4.0|It was free, can't beat that. It provides me with some time killing solotaire and the ads aren't too annoying.
B0026P3G12|5.0|It is nice to see the little person with a lot of talent do well.  Susan Boyle has a fantastic voice and style of interpreting songs.
B00006IX0R|5.0|Great product ... great price .. shipped fast!Great product ... great price .. shipped fast!Great product ... great price .. shipped fast!Great product ... great price .. shipped fast!Great product ... great price .. shipped fast!Great product ... great price .. shipped fast!Great product ... great price .. shipped fast!Great product ... great price .. shipped fast!Great product ... great price .. shipped fast!Great product ... great price .. shipped fast!Great product ... great price .. shipped fast!Great product ... great price .. shipped fast!Great product ... great price .. shipped fast!Great product ... great price .. shipped fast!Great product ... great price .. shipped fast!
B006BDHAX0|2.0|Thank goodness I downloaded this when it was the free app of the day. I would never pay money for this game. It is fun and I made it through the first level no problem, but halfway through the 2nd the app just closed. If they would fix this issue it's be well worth the money.
B005DOKIYG|2.0|i ordered this case for my new kindle fire the product itself was ok ive got no complaints on how it was made or how it looked and it even says kindle on the front, but i found it to be a lil to tight for my kindle fire, and i thought it had some kind of straps or something to hold the kindle in but it doesnt, so i passed it down to a friend who i gave the older kindle and she seems to like it.
B000002G89|5.0|Eric Clapton / 461 Ocean Boulevard:  This has always been a great collection of songs rather than a cohesive album, but it is such a fantastic collection of songs that the album rates Five Stars.  The problem is: Which version to buy?  There is a single CD version that has Ten tracks.  The (now overpriced) Gold album has Eleven tracks (adding `give me strength').  There is a \\"Rarities\\" album using the `461 Ocean Boulevard' title but it is a Live concert that has some `ocean' songs and other concert favorites (it is not the actual studio album).  There is the \\"Deluxe\\" album that claims to have the original album and some rare studio tracks and a second CD that has the Live concert.  However, the \\"Deluxe\\" version does NOT have the \\"Better Make It Through Today\\" track, which was a song from the original album! There are also a few import versions of the album on CD that have a few different variations of bonus materials.  The studio that owns this album has not only failed to give the customer a clear choice of versions; they have made the process of choosing a version unnecessarily confusing.  The album gets 5 Stars.  I would give Polydor Two stars for the mess they have made of it.<br /><br />If you are new to this album, I suggest getting the good (and reasonably priced) Ten track single CD.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I got this app because it was free and had a lot of games. I found myself quite liking it except for the fact of unlocking games. I mean at first when it's only 30,000 points it's fine, but when I have to raise 180,000 points to get one game, it gets pretty annoying. I also didn't like the adds. Other than that though I loved the app and highly reccomend it.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|I discovered Kelly Clarkson's music after she endorsed Ron Paul.  I will now be buy all her CDs for my kids.  Thank-you Kelly from a military veteran and Ron Paul supporter (because he is pro-peace and pro-freedom).
B0064J6OMO|1.0|Let's see. Kid shoots poop out his butt into Bateman's mouth, Ryan shoves his thumb up a woman's butt while acting a part in a porno, the F word is portrayed repeatedly in front of small children. If that's your thing, go for it.   Otherwise, this movie is a total waste of money and time. Personally, I found it an odd and non-working combination of humor for 12 year olds and thirty year olds. I couldn't reconcile the mix. Did the producer expect that twelve year olds would be watching a movie with ass porn and harsh language in it, or did they expect thirty year olds to appreciate poop in mouth humor?     Maybe I don't get it. Maybe I don't understand the 30-somethings of the 21st century. I'm a male in my 50's, have two teenage kids at home, and I am an avid movie watcher. I will watch anything if for no other reason than to review it for myself.   Bottom line, wait for this one to be on HBO if you feel you have to see it for yourself.
B0058VW36U|5.0|this game is awesome but why do people say it needs a update? it has the toolbox thing already.it has like 2 more boxes after the toolbox one! wtf but the gameplay is awsome
B004SBULWE|5.0|I think its great for any system. Really good for an app your unsure about. Try it for yourself and see what you think about the app.
0307593525|5.0|The Joy of Cooking book I recently purchased was for a gift, I personally cannot write a review other than the fact the recipient was very pleased to receive as she wanted it for a long, long time.
1577314808|5.0|This book is the \\"Bible\\" of all self help books! Everything else, with the exception of \\"Awaken the Giant Within\\" by Anthony Robbins, is just garbage.  I read \\"The Power of Now\\" 10 years ago and keep coming back to it whenever I'm ready to jump off a cliff.  My mistake was just getting the audio!  I had to keep rewinding it because of all the \\"Ah ha\\" moments every 10 minutes.  I'm now ordering the book, along with plenty of yellow highlighters!  So I can study the best parts easier.
B0063GORYU|5.0|Just like I used to play on my old desktop Packard Bell! A great way to pass the time in random places.
B006AHNM84|2.0|Ordered this for my grandson for Christmas.  He was excited when he got it but quickly lost interest as it was not much fun.
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|The video came in a matter of a week and my husband was super happy. I was glad it got here before Christmas...I was afraid it wouldn't. (It was a gift) Thanks so much for being so fast!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Not bad for a freebie. As others have said, the unlocking of games is a bit annoying, but not too bad.
B000VBIGD6|2.0|very disappointed in the quality of the movie.the picture was very dark, hard to see the faces clearly.everyone looked orange  with dark shadows on faces i will not be ordering any more videos -national lampoons christmas
B004MC8CA2|5.0|very well done app. The voice for reading is clear and it does not sound computer generated. all versions appear to be options.
0230755062|5.0|\\"Anyone can grow into something beautiful.\\" This statement appears on some copies of Vanessa Diffenbaugh's heartrending yet luminous debut novel THE LANGUAGE OF FLOWERS. Having read and loved THE LANGUAGE OF FLOWERS, I find this short statement to be so true, especially of the main character of the story, Victoria.   The story opens with Victoria on the morning of her official release from being a ward of the state, from living in a girls group home, on the brink of her journey of discovering life, her passion, and the long, winding road toward love and hope. Victoria grew up shuffled in and out of foster homes. Though her growing up was characterized by awful abuse, at age 10, Victoria was loved by one woman who changed her life, even as their time together ended all too soon. As reflected in the title of the book, Victoria spent her late teen years communicating with others in the language of flowers. With a single bouquet, Victoria relates to and evades others through messages made up of flowers. At age 18, as she plants flowers and seeds in improvised places, in shoes, on carpets, in community gardens, she uncovers her passion -- flowers, and how they help people to communicate a message.   Life has damaged Victoria in devastating ways, the least of which is her profound difficulty in relating to other human beings. And though she sabotages attempts others make toward loving her, Victoria gradually opens up in fits and spurts, making progress and regressing, all threaded together with a hope that lures the reader on in the story. The ending does not disappoint, as Ms. Diffenbaugh weaves so well the heartbreak into redemption. This story whispers that even in the most unloveable, unforgivable of pasts, love can triumph. Deep and lavish love at its most beautiful heals Victoria. As I turned the pages of her story, I found myself being healed, as well.  I most highly recommend THE LANGUAGE OF FLOWERS. I look forward to Ms. Diffenbaugh's future works, and mark her debut as one of my lasting and all-time favorite novels.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Heard some of the new album today, very talented artist. This is not my style of music but I have bought a copy for a friend.   Thank you for your endorsement of Ron Paul for the next president of our nation!
1416550534|5.0|A story of love and mystery and the secrets held over time, THE HOUSE AT RIVERTON captivated me with its lush twists and tucks in the story. Told in 1999 by Grace Bradley, one-time housemaid at the Riverton Estate in England, the story she tells is of the family she cared for, of sisters Hannah and Emmeline, and of the vast and sweeping secrets she helped them to keep. With full-bodied characters flawed over time and hardships, the sweeping story Grace tells leads the reader to a highly impactful ending.    Kate Morton's beautiful style of telling the story is enchanting, and keeps the reader turning pages ever more urgently as the novel draws to a close. I appreciated Ms. Morton's adept telling of the story through the eyes of Grace, and of the complex world she reflects upon from her youth.   It is important not to flip to the end and spoil the story ... I was blown away by the ending, yet it all made perfect sense.  A brilliant, luminous read, highly recommended for readers who enjoy literary mystery woven with a impactful love story, with historical and contemporary elements. One of my all-time favorite novels.
B0055SWM08|5.0|This is a fun and challenging app. It's well worth the dollar it costs. I highly recommend it to anyone.
0385534639|4.0|THE NIGHT CIRCUS, a story of a mystical circus that appears and disappears on the outskirts of exotic European cities at the turn of 1800s to 1900s, is captivating because of the setting's mystery and the beauty of the writing. As the story unfolds, two characters, Celia and Marco, play a magic game as opponents, for two opposing masters.   As I read, I enjoyed the story and the interesting setting, but I yearned for a much more definitive ending. I wanted to be hurtled toward a strong and captivating conclusion, but the resolution of the story takes quite the opposite turn, nearly vanishing itself into the mystery that surrounds the Circus.   For the magical setting and the incredibly imaginative Circus, I believe this book has literary merit and interest. Recommend for those who enjoy a light literary read, anchored by extraordinarily visual writing.
B0058VW36U|5.0|Great game, well worth the money.  Its good for hours and hours of entrainment! Its pretty damn addicting! don't pay attention to the one stars, some people are never happy.
B003ZTQN1I|3.0|I bought this cd and the other Country Strong CD.  I like the other one much better.  Most of the songs sung on this CD aren't the ones from the movie, so it's not very original to the movie.
B0052U59F4|5.0|A romance story I HIGHLY recommended!!! This is my utmost favorite. I thought Rose to the Fallen and  Love Unscripted  had intense romance but Fifty Shades series has taken the cake. I am reading Fifty shakes Darker and I do not want it to end. January 19th seems so far away:( I am Sooo ready for Fifty Shades Freed. ...
0142410705|3.0|John Green is one of my all-time favorite authors, and I love this book, so I had to order my own copy instead of just borrowing it from the library over and over again.  The book arrived on time, but the spine was bent in a few places. I can still read the book, but it's not incredibly aesthetically pleasing with the paper ridged up at the top. That's my only complaint.
B0063IH60K|5.0|downloaded for my fire and it works great. have won plenty so not unhappy with ratios. very easy to work with. looks great!
B0063IH60K|5.0|This game is very addicting and I  play this game ALL the time, its a classic! Good graphics and sound
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Kelly,<br /><br />You support for Ron Paul shows that you are not only an incredible talent but also a smart person.  You are new favorite artist and when you announce a concert in my area, I will be the first to but my tickets.  BTW, just added to cart.<br /><br />God bless.<br /><br />Manny
0307593525|5.0|I first purchased the two volume set from amazon back in 1998  it and cost me nearly $100. It was quite a bit of money for a new college graduate, but it was well worth it. I had wanted to learn to cook for some years and found that my mother's \\"Better Homes and Gardens\\" cookbook from the 1970s was full of misinformation and gave horrible results. The Food Network was fairly new  and still worth watching at that time and they used to air Julia Child's reruns daily during the week. I religiously began watching and taping her and decided to take the plunge and really learn to cook like Julia.<br />These are essentially textbooks that teach you technique via a master recipe and once you have mastered the master recipe, you can go onto many other themes and variations. There is an emphasis on good fresh ingredients and proper techniques. This book is for serious cooks only who are willing to put time and effort into making the best possible results. It is for people who have a passion for cooking and for good food who don't see cooking as a chore, but as a labor of love. I would spend hours at the stove learning how to dice a shallot, deglaze a pan,  reduce, thicken and then degrease a sauce. I praticed beating eggwhites until they were shiny and learned first hand what happened if they were over beaten....because Julia et all explains what they will look like if they are. I learned that mistakes are often fixable, but they rarely happen if you are careful and you truly know your technique. Thirteen years later, I'm a good home cook and I'm still learning and enjoying the process that is truly Mastering the Art of French Cooking.
B0050R0XPA|4.0|The kids have been building lego's for years and unfortunately both of these sets were missing pieces.  This has happened occasionally in the past, but should not be happening at all with what we are paying for the sets.  By the time you realize there are missing pieces you are half way done.  Lego should have better quality assurance or support if pieces are missing.
B005T87QCI|1.0|this game is hard to play and is stuiped if you liked the movie you will hate the game don't waste your money
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I've tried numerous Bible apps but this one is superior to them all. Wish it had a dictionary and reference lookup for each word...still this app is great!
B005W3G2D4|5.0|I bought this album because after mentioning that she \\"loves Ron Paul\\", stories appeared in the news suggesting that she would lose fans. Not so. No other candidate supports liberty. If Kelly Clarkson understands that, I'm a fan.
B006C1DH92|2.0|slow on kindle fire. registers hits incorrectly as misses, ending game even on easiest level.  uninstalled. glad it was free.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|This Album is solid as anything! Great sound and mix, and of course her vocals are a slam dunk...  Thanks for Supporting RP2012 and standing up for liberty! You rock Kelly and together are going to change America!...
B0064X7FVE|4.0|I have a small business in a small town and the information from this app is easily accessed and much faster than our local resources.
0385493800|1.0|This was a terrible book. First, I didn't realize John Grisham was a Christian writer, because this sure as heck turned into religious propaganda halfway through. Second, it was sooo difficult for me to read the parts about missionaries \\"saving\\" the poor backward Indians.  He kept using the word \\"Stone Age\\" to describe the culture and I wanted to smack somebody. Really. The plot was nonexistent, the characters boring and predictable, writing wasn't great either. I'll never read a John Grisham again, but felt I had to finish this book to see if it got any better. Nope, smug and patronizing to the end.
