1599219751|1.0|I started this book not knowing anything about the controversy surrounding it.  My first tinges of doubt as to its truthfulness occurred when the author tells of the wife of a Russian prison commander offering to help him escape.  From then on, it was downhill all the way with the final clinching doubt the convenient disappearance of his fellow survivors so that there is no one to corroborate or deny his story.  And can you believe his purported sighting of two yetis (male and female?)in the Himalayas? Check the author on the Internet and you'll get both sides of the story.  BBC researched Russian records and found that the author was released from the Siberian prison and then sent to Iran.     Some parts of this book might be true but for me, this book is fiction, like the Clifford Irving \\"memoir\\" of Howard Hughes.  Only Irving went to jail while this author received great aclaim.      If you are easily deceived, then you might enjoy this tale of extreme survival.  If you have a healthy dose of scepticism and still want to read this book, then enjoy it as fiction.  But if you want a true story, look elsewhere.
1401207529|5.0|Year One can only be described as a masterpiece. Frank Miller's opus to the beginning of the Dark Knight sage is a book that is just littered with memorable moments which help the reader connect the lines between the strong relationship that has been built up between Batman and Jim Gordon. It's a great introductory read for anyone who's looking to invest some time in getting to know the characters. I can't really much up on here about the story as it just so well crafted that it would be unjust for me to ruin anything regarding the book. If you love Batman, you will love this book.
1878424319|4.0|Great, simple . I bought it at the same time as Live Like A Fruit Fly which I also recommend to anyone who likes these types of books.
0671042858|3.0|While hiking the Appalachian Trail with her mother and brother, nine year old Trisha McFarland leaves the path to use the bathroom in the woods.  No one saw her leave the path and she ventures so far into the woods that she is unable to find her way back.  So begins The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon.<br /><br />I'm a huge Stephen King fan.  That being said, I was a little disappointed in this book.  His stories usually grab me right away and don't let go until the very end.  This one didn't do that.  It wasn't a bad book at all.  It just didn't grab me.  As a matter of fact, this is about the fourth time I've tried to read this book and the first time I ever got past chapter two.  Once I did get past chapter two, I was more interested in the story and was able to finish.  I'm not a baseball fan either, so that probably added to my disinterest.  Funny thing is, this book will probably appeal to people that are not fans of Stephen King's typical fare.
B001FB4W0C|5.0|Ive shopped around and most stores want in the 60 to 70 dollar range for this product. Amazon is awesome!
B004GUSG4M|5.0|i have been in a zombie book reading mode lately...so decided to change it up by reading this story based on the strong reviews and amazon's best book selection for June...i was not disappointed at all...well done story/plot and very well written. I finished this book in about 4 days.  About half way through, I guessed correctly the situation and how this was going to end but it didn't stop the enjoyment of the story and how the story unfolded...although i would have liked a bit more closure at the end as to how the main character of the book was going to do.  Great job to the author and can't wait to read the next book.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|I really enjoyed playing this game. It&apos;s just the right level of difficulty to be challenging yet still fun. Well worth the price for the hours of gameplay you&apos;ll get.
0345444051|4.0|** Possible spoilers ahead **    Fascinations with space exploration were quite the rage in the 50s, as illustrated in many comics and films depicting alien invasions, extra terrestrials coming down to Earth from the far beyond. Clarke takes this basic idea of alien invasion, but gives it an original, deep, thought-provoking perspective. Childhood's End shows humanity's dealings with superior beings, the Overlords, after they inhabit Earth, and the subsequent fates of both races during the next one hundred years. There are three parts to the novel, each representing a stage in this transition over time. Much like a Twilight Zone episode, Childhood's End has quite a bit of irony and larger perspective of existence, finishes with a conclusion that both awes and saddens.     Clarke's timeless novel delves into far-reaching possibilities that one always considers when looking up to the skies. One concern that Clark brings forth is the myth of Utopian contentment. As the Earth assimilates into a \\"perfect\\" world under the Overloads, ignorance, poverty, disease, crime all vanish, but so does the drive to do things, create, investigate and explore. The \\"sameness\\" humanity experiences makes for a stagnate society, leading to a void which foreshadows a bleak picture. While there is no one protagonist in Childhood's End, one character to break from the void and try to discover \\"the stars\\" is Jan Rodericks, who takes measures to be a stowaway and visit the Overlords' home light years away. His restlessness is admirable in a society that represents status quo, and he seeks knowledge, with knowledge being a central theme in the novel. However, there is irony in that his biggest surprise won't be in what he sees out there a million miles away, but rather what he sees when returning eighty years later.     What Clarke steers clear of in this intelligent science fiction novel is the standard human-alien relationship often depicted in stories and novels. Despite the menacing physicalappearance of the Overlords (\\"The most terrible of all legends had come to life, out of the unknown past. And now it stood smiling....\\"), and despite their role in the humans \\"destiny\\", there are indications that they envy and respect mankind. Clarke is able to keep you engaged in this short novel by shifting from various story lines so you don't follow one specific aspect, but see many human perspectives (Stromgren, the Greggsons, Jan Rodericks). He foreshadows future events, but also leaves you in some mystery until the very end.     Childhood's End is a fascinating novel, one that will make you think.
B00475AYJQ|5.0|The first book was great. This one is better. If you haven't read \\"The Name of the Wind\\" yet, get it. Read it. And then get \\"Wise Man's Fear\\".<br /><br />If you like a good story. If characters you can connect with are important to you. If a fanatasy world where the magic makes sense sounds like fun. Then this is the book for you.
B000MRAAJW|5.0|This is a beautifully done production as mentioned by other viewers. However, this format didn't work for me. I was forewarned in the description by the seller but I thought surely since this was released around 2007 my 2011 Blu-Ray player could handle it. It couldn't. It was explained to me that there was a format battle akin to the VHS-BETA battle of the 70's and Blu-Ray won out. So unless one has a machine for this particular format it is unplayable. The reason I can recommend this production is because I then turned around and purchased it again on regular DVD. Enjoy!
B004YXE438|5.0|I downloaded this 2 hours ago and have been playing ever since. Have tried different sizes and difficulties as well as using my own images. works great, lots of fun. gotta stop playing and get something accomplished today!
159420229X|3.0|This is a moderately entertaining memoir of one journalist's ventures into competitive memory events.  For those unfamiliar with the technique of memory palaces, the information on training techniques might be interesting.  But it mainly takes the form of a memoir, with far too much college-style reminiscing about friends and partying on 'the circuit' for my interest.  Foer might think that he is chronicling this strange subculture, but he clearly became pretty invested in it - a little too much for my tastes as a reader.    Beyond memoir, the book tries to tackle a fair bit, with only moderate success.  I found the best parts to be those that concerned the history of memory techniques, while a foray into educational philosophy was pretty uninteresting, and the neuroscience was rather botched.  Foer doesn't really lay out a consistent view of what memory is, how it is stored and accessed, and what its purpose is, and thus really misses an opportunity in my opinion.  I really came away thinking that Foer's only real knowledge of memory must have come from some limited readings of Larry Squire.  On another note, there is an extended section devoted to 'debunking' a famous autistic savant.  While Foer may have a point that his abilities are exaggerated, it doesn't really fit into the book and Foer comes across a little like the jealous \\"mental athletes\\" that he chronicles - after all, he is one.    I only read this book when I saw that Larry Squire had reviewed it in Nature, and hence thought it would be a little more of a thoughtful exposition on memory.  After reading it I certainly wouldn't recommend it to anyone with a serious interest in \\"the art and science of memory\\", but if you are looking for some light reading about memory techniques you could do a lot worse.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|I really like this game. It&apos;s more fun than a bindle of carrots! I guess it could be classified as a physics of light game, but that&apos;s a little too wordy. it&apos;s fun, not that difficult, and definitely worth a dollar.
B004RE29PO|5.0|Since I just purchased my first blu-ray player, this is the first official movie I saw on blu-ray.  It doesn't dissapoint, great picture and sound.  I just need to get used to the features of a blu-ray disc and player, since they are so new to me.  If you like Aliens, and want to see it in HD, don't hesitate to purchase this disc.
B004TB6GUY|4.0|Most songs rock, but two sound too much alike & He needs to learn his range, he tried singing a bridge under etc & BUTCHERED IT!
B0041KKYEW|5.0|If you are looking for a feel good movie or even just a thriller movie then dont go see this. This movie has so many different depths, moods, and angles to it. You must be willing to truly think out of the box to really appreciate it. Many people don't understand the movie or the direction it is heading in. Natlie Portman's character is the innocent little girl who is already a obsessive perfectionist, making her already borderline crazy. When given the lead role she goes slowly insane to obtain the dark side of her that is needed for the role, the side she never truly had. The movie is about her obtaining this. The cast is stunning and all well played. The movie kept you on the edge of your seat. You just didn't know what was going to come next.   When I saw it at the theater I was on the edge of my seat literally. When the movie was over as everyone shuffled out of the dark, no one talked. As soon as we hit the lights everyone looked at each other and just said 'that was intense'. This movie is truly a psychological thriller. You are going to either love it or hate it.
B004ZZS4CC|5.0|It's hard to come up with words to describe how I feel about this book.  Ms Dugard went thru something not many of us could've survived. She has not only survived but she has written an amazing book that I could not put down. You can tell it was written without a ghostwriter which certainly shows how bright and intelligent she is.  I would absolutely recommend it. I looked forward to reading it from the day I read she was writing it. It was very much worth the wait. I can only hope that someday she can get past this time in her life to open herself up to love. She is a remarkable person that deserves the chance to fall in love with somebody.
4770030096|4.0|This is a great book to start learning Japanese with. You do need to know your Katakana and Hiragana beforehand though. If your the kind of person who learns by understanding the principles and reasons behind things, you may also want to get a more classical \\"textbook\\" to supplement, because this one skimps on the explanations a bit in order to make the lessons brief and to-the-point.
B003UESJH4|4.0|If nothing else, this movie is educational and provides a glimpse of British history.  The story is interesting.  Colin Firth is Bertie, the British crown candidate next in line after his brother Guy Pearce (Edward VIII).  After their father king George V dies, the crown goes to Edward VIII, who abdicates it to marry his girl friend.  That is how Bertie becomes the king just before the World War II starts.<br /><br />Bertie's biggest problem is that he stutters.  To get rid of his stutter, he starts to work with his speech therapist Lionel.  Throughout the movie they have to resolve lot of issues that come up and later on they become close friends.<br /><br />The only problem I had with this movie is that from the beginning we knew the whole story, no plot twists or surprises.  Of course all movies based on a true story will have this problem, I understand that.  Still it is as if each actor had to go through their motions to make the movie.  This movie deals with emotional issues and relationships between the royal family members.<br /><br />Great acting, interesting plot, entertaining movie.
B002U5HKZ6|4.0|I am not exaggerating when I say this: Every single traveler I met in Goa, India, was reading this book.<br /><br />Well, of course I had to see what all the fuss was about, so I bought it too. (Except I purchased the Kindle version. The print version is thicker than most dictionaries, and there's no way that monster would fit in my already-stuffed backpack.) I spent the next month traveling through other parts of India and devouring this book faster than a pile of garlic butter naan.<br /><br />The first half of this book was like a shot in the heart. It was powerful, energetic, explosive. I fell in love with it, and I had numerous conversations with fellow backpackers about some of the lively characters and vibrant scenes. The descriptions of Mumbai mirrored what I saw with my own eyes, and many things were so spot-on, I was convinced the author had secreted himself away in my pack.<br /><br />However, the second half of the book felt like a dramatic shift. It lost the pacing that made the first half so exciting, it was severely darker in tone, and though the story was still interesting, it failed to capture me as much as the beginning. I finished it, but just barely. If the author had, in fact, been stashed away in my backpack, I would have helped him find an editor to tighten up the last several chapters.<br /><br />I'd definitely recommend this book to others, especially those who are traveling (or dream of traveling) to India. Just know that once you go for it, you're in for one heck of a commitment -- and a fantastic ride.
B004YEJGEO|1.0|This game doesn&apos;t actually obey any basic rules of optics. That makes it a disappointment to play as the rules seem to change randomly.
0553801473|3.0|WARNING, this review will be semi-spoiler-y!<br /><br />Anywho, first reaction: WHY THE HELL WAS THIS BOOK SO LONG?<br /><br />I had the feeling that this one would be packed with action, unlike its predecessor, the rambling and boring A Feast for Crows. It came on the heels of A Storm of Swords, easily my favorite book in the series, but I was not prepared for its length, where absolutely nothing happens. I expected more from ADwD, especially since it took so long to write. But nope. In the vein of AFfC, it was all set-up. Which is fine, but someone needs to get GRRM a better editor, because we do not need nearly 2,000 pages of set-up. I understand it's an epic story. But really, GRRM, you're just drowning yourself and your readers.<br /><br />Second of all, I have a problem with all of the cliffhangers. I feel like cliffhangers that resolve NOTHING are super cheap to the reader, because we have to wait such a long time to find out what happens. It's like in TV shows where the MC dies at the end of the season and you have to wait months to find out, oh, they weren't really dead. It's cheap. A good cliffhanger should resolve most of the plot while still leaving some juicy threads. GRRM's cliffhangers are all threads. Nothing was resolved. Dany continued to be annoying in Mereen, where she hooked up with Daario only AFTER getting engaged. Jon became a good leader but then was 'killed' at the end. (Quotations because I know he is not dead. I hate that GRRM brings so many people back from the dead. I thought that, after Ned and Robb, we knew people could die. But now they either don't die or are resurrected. It's annoying.) Tyrion's chapters at least contained some character development. There were only two Arya chapters, only ONE Jaime chapter in which he was kidnapped by an obviously-alive Brienne, and a small number of Bran chapters. For so many pages, we could've gotten more of their stories and he could've cut out some of the food description.<br /><br />The onlything that I really loved about this book was Theon's character arc. I HATED Theon in ACoK, but I felt so bad for him as Reek and I was immensely satisfied at his final words in ADwD. Say what I will about GRRM, but he is awesome at characterization. He made me love Jaime and he made me love Theon.<br /><br />If only because this is an ASOIAF book, I'll give it:
B00006GO99|5.0|When Amazon posts a CD of a quartet, you'd think they would list the quartet players.  Instead, I have to read through the customer reviews and hope someone mention the names of the musicians.  I find this omission most annoying.
B004YEJGEO|1.0|rebooting issue started with the installation of this app and ceased right after I uninstalled it. besides that it was an OK game. my reviews are usually only positive ones, but the rebooting issue killed me. [sensation 4g]
B0028DRGDQ|1.0|Take Blair Witch and mix with 28 Days Later, with a dash of Cloverfield.  I'm just glad (a) I bought it used and (b) it was less than 90 minutes!
B0058P7KUA|5.0|this is a cool game. I have a good time playin this game. I have nothing else to say about it it it it it it it it it.
B000V4UFZK|5.0|It had been about 25 years since I'd last seen Poltergeist until I watched it with my own two kids (12 and 15 year olds) last night.  This was their first horror movie, and to my delight they were both squirming in their seats, and having as great a time watching this roller-coaster ride of horror as I did when I watching it on HBO in the early 1980s. The plot and story are still enjoyable, even to today's jaded youth, and both my kids are eager to watch again.<br /><br />We had a blast, and I recommend watching it.
6305892946|1.0|I was very disappointed with this order. I ordered this VHS as being new and I got a badly used one instead... It even said \\"Be kind & Rewind\\" This is NOT a new VHS... I put it in my machine and it was so bad all it had was lines on it... I was so upset I did not return it so no one else would get stuck with it...I threw it in the trash where it belonged. I am a good customer of Amazon, But this time you really disappointed me........
B004YEJGEO|1.0|Great game and idea, but kept freezing up my phone.  I&apos;d like to keep it, but am installing as I had to force close several times per level.
0061900656|5.0|We read this book to our son several times a week. New baby is coming soon, and he seems to get the basic idea. This book shows both parents taking care of the baby, and the sibling helping out. I love that it doesn't focus on having to share attention, etc, as the harder parts of being a sibling are going to present themselves as time goes by and I'd rather focus on the positives with our 3 year old.
B0054SMIH6|4.0|Yes, I know, everybody, everybody including Richard III, I think, who uttered some variation of that idea in William Shakespeare's play of the same name, hates lawyers. Hates them until old justice time comes along and everyone, including this writer, hopes to high heaven that their lawyer is up to the task of representing them zealously, and in some desperate cases more than zealously. And that combination of sentiments, that hate/love thing, is what drives this film which according to my usually reliable sources follows the Michael Connelly novel pretty closely.     Needless to say, except for the thugs, pimps, dope dealers, hellish motorcycle angels, bail bondmen, public servant grifters and grafters and a bewitching lawyer ex-wife (played by Marissa Tormei) nobody, no viewer anyway, is suppose to like the Lincoln lawyer at the outset. (Named the Lincoln lawyer, by the way, not for his ethical resemblance to Father Abraham but because he rides around in a chauffeur-driven Lincoln.) His wheeling and dealing just this side of the law is what makes him the darling of that rogue's gallery of characters listed above (except, of course, the fetching ex-wife, and maybe her a little too) and the bane of the District Attorney's Office and the Los Angeles Police Department establishment.     That deft and ruthless maneuvering is what also draws him to the attention of a vicious killer of women, women of the night to use a quaint phrase, and a surefire way to commit the \\"perfect murder\\" and like so many before him said murderer thought he was scot-free as is the usual case once the Lincoln lawyer was on the case. But see, said Lincoln lawyer \\"got religion\\" along the way after he and those around him were slated to take the fall if that vicious killer (a mommy's boy to boot) got tripped up.     So you know damn well pretty early on that our trusty Lincoln lawyer is not taking the fall and, moreover, is going to see that an actual piece of real justice occurs in the process by the freeing a framed man who was sitting in stir through his negligence (and disbelief in innocence) by seeing that that vicious killer gets his jolt up at Q. Therefore you see we had it all wrong. There is some rough justice in the world. And one had better not kill off all those lawyers if there is going to be even that amount. The twists and turns getting there, although fairly well-worn by now in movie-dom, are what make this film one to see.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|This is a great game! I&apos;ve played similar flash games before, but this version improves on them. I&apos;m glad it is the free app of the day, but after playing it, I would gladly pay for it...
B0002O7XW2|2.0|2011-08-07
B000O8OTNC|2.0|This thing worked great for a while. It would create a nice sharp edge and everything was good.  The carbide element does a great job in giving you a new edge on a beat up blade and the ceramic element worked well for a while.  However, I noticed that after a few months my blades were coming out completely dull after using this sharpener. It turns out that the ceramic sharpening element wore down in such a way that it no longer sharpens blades.  I gave it two stars since it did work for a while, so I think it would make an acceptable addition to a pack in case you need to use it out in the field, but I would suggest replacing this after a few uses.
B004E2XAFW|5.0|the latest within tempations collection is out standing. the whole cd is set around a \\"mother maiden\\" charictor which the acompaning dvd shows in the music vid,s. Within temptations has been refining their musi for years. some of their early work though operetic,is still good by todays standards. one must check this band out and add all of their cd's to your cllection. some good vid's on youtube are avalable to get the feel for this bands rolling sound. from rock to light metal. enjoy the sound.
B004QK5N5W|3.0|This company, for some reason, will NOT ship to an APO address!  (The other company that I ordered an HDMI cable from shipped directly to me.)  If you are deployed overseas as I am, you'll have to ship it to a Stateside address and rely on the kindness of Family or friends to forward it to you.  For me, that added over a week' s worth of waiting.  Thanks for your lack of support for the Military, you jerks!      Having said that, it does work perfectly with my iPad 2.......not just movies, but shows whatever is on my iPad screen....games, iTunes, etc.    But I'm docking them 2 stars for their lack of APO shipping!
B00006RINF|5.0|my newest likes. trhis metal band has a sound that ranges from within temptations to some of the 80,s metal sceen. they have been very popular in europe for years and one hopes an american tour may come. for those who like light rock to the metal sceen, I would check this band out on youtube. after doing so, I am sure you would want to come back to amazon to purchase the music.
B004YEJGEO|2.0|I must be missing something.  on level one I place the miror so the beam hits it but it just stops at the mirror, no bounce to the target.  HTC EVO on Gingerbread.   seems like a cool concept.
B000AJIAOO|5.0|as in all within temptation cd's I find this particular one my favorite of all time. do not get me wrong, I enjoy all of the groups cd's, but this sound track is off their tour called \\" the black symphany\\" (also on dvd). as before one should check them out on youtube. \\"angles, or stand my ground\\" is a good first view and sound to this band. After you get hook by them, they may become one of your favorite bands as well.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|Refraction is a great, addictive logic puzzle game.  It starts off pretty easy, but quickly moves on to much more complicaed levels.  Very fun game--definitely worth the $0.99 price.
B0041KKYBA|5.0|I am surprised that this Movie was ever allowed to be produced. If this were the 50's or 60's America this Movie would have been \\"banned\\". This is the most honest, factual and educational explanation as to why we (America & Americans) are in the financial morass we find ourselfs in today. All the major players, heros and villains are here. The causes and reasons to our nations financial meltdown is clearly outlinedand and detailed in real time with no holds barred. This financial crisis is the most historical event of the 21st century and Inside Job is a must have for historical purpose and is very educational and entertaining. You will never look at our (so called) leaders, politicians, bussinessmen and Wall Street the same. I grew up during the mis-information of \\"Watergate and Viet Nam\\" but I was still shocked by the revelations contained in Inside Job. \\"You shall know the truth and the truth shall set you free.\\" Live Long Be Free!
B001HNE3NO|5.0|I could not put this book Down! You hear Paris, smell what is in the air. Your heart is pulled along with a little girl as well as a woman trying to track her down! Wonderful read!
B000NOK06W|4.0|This CD Set has most of Ennio Morricone most mememorable sound tracks which is wonderfully produced here. This CD is a must have for those, like me, who want their music collection to include this special artist without having to buy a ton of CD's with some of these tracks on each CD. Most of his classics are contained in this set and will invoke many memories. Just be sure you have time to listen and explore. It's great if you're working on a project or around the house and you need excellent background music. Enjoy!
B003YL4LYI|1.0|The worst book I have read in ten years.Over priced, over hyped.Two thirds of this book should have been edited and left on the floor.This is the best that Mr. Martin can do after 6 years? If so, please let it be the last.This was one of the most eagerly awaited books in years and a major flop.The book like the last couple he has wrote was hard to read.The reader must be committed to the story, devote endless hours to the book for NO ending.Way, way, way, to many twists and turns,to many people, places, things,that have to be remembered.Mr Martin, it does not need 50 pages on how a spoon looks or another 30 on how the person raised it to his mouth to eat. Not to mention that is ok to leave some of the good guys alive.I don't mind killing off the main subject from time to time but you have pushed this to the limit. I have purchased his other 4 books and was ok with them, some better then others.This is my last book that I intend to buy from him.
0440241901|5.0|I literally laughed out lound and had to call people because this was SO hilarious!!!!  LOVED IT!!!!  Not much to say except that this was hilarious!
0307595862|4.0|A good read.Book was well laid out.The story line was real and prepared with care.Most die hard readers will enjoy the plot twists and turns.For readers who only graze through the story they will loose interest as the story is broad and detailed.Not a fast read, but a book to take your time with.I think this book can be reread and still be enjoyable by the reader.
B004YXE438|5.0|Awesome puzzles. glad you can add your own pics, love it. my kids will really enjoy it, especially if I use their face as the puzzle.
B004FGMDOQ|5.0|The story could have been told a little better,a whole lot more background would have been helpful,but WOW what a story. Come on Mr. Riggs flesh this out.If handled right, this is the most promising set of books since the Hunger Games.Nothing else on the market like it.We need a book about the grandfather and his life.I hope these books are done like S. Hunter did the Sniper books,moving forward and back in time with each generation.This is a great story well worth reading.
0446547603|4.0|I liked it, and I recommend it for a good, swift delicious summer read. I especially liked the glimpses we got into the crazy ex's mind, as he begins to unravel. The structure in the second half of the book, with one chapter following the wife, and the next chapter following the abusive husband, was great -- effective and well-done.
B003VS0CWY|5.0|First copy was defective.  Instantly received a new DVD.  Love the DVD.  Service for a replacement, excellent.
B000VLOKQI|5.0|I've seen ALL the other Who documentaries and this one is WITHOUT A DOUBT the MOST informative of them all...! I started watching this on my Netflix streaming device with NO intention of watching it all the way through. Once I started I COULD NOT turn it off !!!....Both discs are GREAT...
B001N1DPDE|4.0|To keep it short and sweet, I love this knife. It is the best knife I've ever bought I use it constantly, but on the downside the grips are terrible. You will slip when using this knife with the plastic handles. I tried the micarta handles and they weren't my cup of tea, so I got some wooden ones and they make this knife perfect. I only give it 4 stars just cause of the grips, I think Ka-Bar should have done better on that one.
0393972844|5.0|Received my book 2-3 days after I purchased it! It is in even better shape that I thought it would be in, love it!
B004YXE438|5.0|East to use UI; beautiful, colorful pictures. LOVE the ability to enter in your own photos from your camera. Lots of different levels for each picture so it will take you awhile before you get bored of this. I would&apos;ve paid for it.
B004VMVTNU|3.0|I downloaded this app but it wants to start at boot, modify my global settings, have unadulterated access to the internet, and know where I am via GPS. I would delete this from my purchases if that were possible.<br /><br />**UPDATE 05.14.2013** The developer replied to my comment with info on the permissions. However, the new green of phone OSs offer most of just of these services without the ads.
B004VMUS9G|4.0|I like the app for how many features it has. I will not however be using it. it will not get pushed outside my phone lock. this means I have to unlock my phone to get to the alarm in order to snooze\/dismiss
B004BBDHEK|2.0|I don't really like the style of the music on this CD. It sounds too processed to me. I also cannot stand the way the music shifts back and forth between the two stereo speakers. I think it was intended to be this way but it makes my ears feel funny. A bit like the uncomfortable feeling you get in your ears when you are flying. That alone made it hard to listen to. I wish Yanni would get back to his normal style of recording and have more tracks that are the real musician and not just sounds from a computerized keyboard. Without this, it lacks a certain \\"alive\\" energy. Kinda like an animated body that has no soul or life force in it.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|great puzzle, great game, lots of levels, can&apos;t complain here! wish more game apps were like this, most of the other ones are so short
B004YXE438|5.0|this is a great game. snatch it up for free! works great on my Acer tab. would have liked the puzzle pieces to be shaped like actual puzzle pieces though. aside from that, it is an outstanding game.
B0032Y8XH8|5.0|An excellent and moving album. Rock, yes, with more than a touch of traditional Irish music influence. The lead singer, Marcus Mumford, has a good and interesting voice. Some songs are touching, some \\"rowdy\\". They seem to be having a great time and really put their energy and souls into this. Especially liked Sigh No More, Little Lion Man, Roll Away Your Stone, and The Cave. Awake My Soul will bring tears to your eyes.
B004YEJGEO|4.0|Thos brings back an old PC game on Windows 98 called Aargon Deluxe. I love these kinds of games. Fascinate 2.2.1.
0439023521|2.0|I read this book because my son was required to read it during this summer before 10th grade, and I was curious.  I found it interesting and compelling enough to finish it, but ultimately by the end I was not impressed at all.  There are several reasons:  1.  There were way too many totally arbitrary plot twists, i.e. things that were thrown in just to make the story work.  Examples of this include several sudden changes in the rules of the game, and most of all, the strange reincarnated werewolf-like creatures that showed up toward the end.  That was totally ridiculous, but there were other examples I won't mention.  Much of the plot just seemed jury-rigged to me.    2.  The character development was somewhat weak.  By the end I only had a vague idea of who Katniss was, and I found Peeta even more mysterious.  3.  I could have used a little more description of the territory used for the arena.  I didn't have a good sense of how big it was or how it was laid out.  That made some of the movements of the contestants hard for me to follow geographically.      But beyond all that, I am surprised and a little appalled that my son's school would require THIS book for summer reading.  I mean, this is basically cheap pulp fiction about a bunch of kids killing each other in some completely made-up unrealistic futuristic setting.  We're not likely to face this sort of environment any time soon in America, and there is nothing useful for a 10th grader to learn from this book.  What is the school trying to accomplish?    I don't agree with the one-star reviewer who labeled all the positive reviewers as dense or cruel.  I think that's mean-spirited.  It's only fiction after all, it didn't really happen, and I would not expect an average teenager to be materially affected by it one way or the other.  If you think it's a cool, fun read, fine, there is nothing wrong with you.  Lots of kids enjoy reading low-grade pulp fiction - it's better than reading nothing at all.  Accordingly,though I would be sorely tempted to just tell my son how the story goes, I probably will not do that.
B004XN3FHA|5.0|This TK41 is my third Fenix flashlight, my two other ones being the 2AA models L2D and LD20.  I really liked the 2AA models but the L2D's electronics finally failed after a couple years of use and I recently lost my LD20, so I bought a TK41 as a replacement.  Although the TK41 has a couple of obvious drawbacks, it's a great light nevertheless.  What I like about the light:  1.It uses widely available AA batteries.  2.It's very bright for its weight and size  3.Battery life is very decent compared to the 2AA ones.  4.The deeply grooved textured grip is beautifully machined and is very effective in providing a secure grip, unlike the somewhat ineffective crosshatching found on many other flashlights, including the Maglite.  5.It has decent \\"throw,\\" and yet the center spot is large enough for comfortable viewing at close distances. There is enough spill outside of the central spot for large area illumination.  6.It has a beautiful braided lanyard.  7.It has effective heat sinking. It has 3 large heat sinking fins built on the barrel where the LED element is.  With the 2AA Fenix models, they get really hot in Turbo mode after just five minutes of use, but on the TK41 it barely gets warm to the touch even after 5 minutes in Turbo.  8.The lens is made of tempered glass with an anti-reflective coating.  It's supposed to be able to withstand a 3-ft drop on concrete.  What I don't like about the light:  1.It's much heavier and much more unwieldy in comparison with the petite 2AA LD20.  This point is in fact giving a bit of buyer's remorse about the TK41. Although I gained a huge jump in brightness when switching from the 2AA LD20 to the 8AA TK41, it comes at great cost in portability.  I now want to get another 2AA light to replace the LD20 I lost or perhaps get a relatively light TK35.  2.Maybe I am just spoiled by the beautiful warm white light of the LD20.  The TK41 has a very cold white light accentuated by a slightly greenish tint.  The corona (just outside the centralspot) has a significant amount of very noticeable green tint at close distances.  It's a distraction but not something I can not live with.  3.The switches are electronic switches rather than clicky switches.  The electronic switches, which internally are like membrane switches, are not reliable and have begun acting up. Sometimes it'd take 2 to 3 presses for it to response to turn the light on or off.  Maybe the contacts have become corroded after just a couple of months of limited use.  4.With the lanyard attached, it can't stand securely on its end on a flat surface.  This is a design flaw.  5.The front end is perfectly smooth.  I can imagine scenarios where the light is accidentally turned on while it's standing on the front end.  With a totally smooth front end, there will be no indication that the light has been left on.  If this were not discovered early, the resulting heat could destroy the light and maybe even the surface it's resting on.  All in all, despite a few minor flaws this is an excellent light.
B0046ECFRM|4.0|Here's what happened: Over the past couple weeks I have seen a lot of the reviews and ratings for Anna and the French Kiss on goodreads.com (THEY WERE AWESOME). I kept reading the book's description and thinking, \\"It sounds cute, but I don't think it's gonna be THAT good\\". Anna and the French Kiss ($10.99) was a little more pricey than other books on my to-read list (some only $0.99), so I kept putting it off. Well, curiosity got the best of me and I decided to purchase and read this novel. Let me just tell you: It is that good!! And, It's worth the money!! I can't wait to read Stephanie Perkins next novel, Lola and the Boy Next Door. (Check back for my review!)    Anna and the French Kiss by Stephanie Perkins was a breath of fresh air. I loved this book (I want to shout it from the rooftops in Paris.)!! It's a feel-good book that makes you wanna get up and do a happy dance.    The only bad thing I have to say about this novel is that it made me depressed that my boyfriend 1) doesn't have an English accent, 2) doesn't buy me poetry, and 3) doesn't say things like \\"pants\\", \\"Shite\\" and \\"pardon\\". (What is wrong with him? JK). If only all boys could be like Etienne St. Clair?    But seriously, everything about this novel is astounding: story, characters, plot, drama, writing, etc. It's a brilliantly written novel, and I am extremely glad that I read it.    I gave Anna and the French Kiss by Stephanie Perkins 4 STARS. But, it's really close to a 5. It's more like 4.5 STARS. I strongly encourage all young adults who enjoy chick-lit to pick up a copy of this book ASAP.    TO READ MORE REVIEWS CHECK OUT MY BLOG ON BLOGSPOT: READING, EATING & DREAMING I WAS BLAIR WALDORF
B002ZG98Z0|5.0|I don't care what other people, this film had me laughing all night.  It reminded me of the old travel/buddy films but much more fun.
B004LWZW4W|5.0|\\"Rise Of The Planet Of The Apes\\" is excellent! This is how the story goes: A single act of both compassion and arrogance leads to a war unlike any other -- and to the RISE OF THE PLANET OF THE APES.    The cast led by James Franco (as Will Rodman) & Andy Serkis (as Caesar) is great! The directing by Rupert Wyatt is excellent! The story & screenplay by Rick Jaffa & Amanda Silver (both of them also produced the film) is excellent!    The music by Patrick Doyle is excellent! The cinematography by Andrew Lesnie is excellent! The film editing by Conrad Buff IV & Mark Goldblatt is excellent! The casting by Debra Zane is excellent! The production design by Claude Pare is excellent! The art direction by Dan Hermansen, Helen Jarvis & Grant Van Der Slagt is excellent! The set decoration by Elizabeth Wilcox is excellent! The costume design by Renee April is excellent! The special make-up effects design by Bill Terezakis is excellent! The visual effects by Weta Digital is excellent!    This is an excellent and well-made action / summer movie that keeps you entertained and on the edge of your seat with your mind thinking and your heart racing. This is just as excellent as the original \\"Planet Of The Apes\\" (1968). Andy Serkis' performance as Caesar is terrific. This is one of the best movies of the summer and of the year, so far.
B004NIFSRA|1.0|I believe this is my first book review but I had to do it.  I downloaded this as a free Kindle ebook.  I get the joke, I just don't think it's that funny.  I've already deleted it from my device.  Pretty lame.
B004XCUEXY|5.0|I am a bit biased in writing this review as I am a Foo fanatic, but if you are looking to purchase it, you must be too. I saw this movie when it was premiered in Austin at South by Southwest and was blown away. It is a very honest documentary that details the ups and downs of this terrific band, bringing back old members for interviews, discussing the changes Dave Grohl went through going from Nirvana to starting up the Foo, and (my favorite) talking about the heart and effort that they put into their newest album, Wasting Light. The blu-ray is fantastic with crisp sound and a terrific picture. If you are a fan of the Foo Fighters, you will absolutely enjoy this great movie!
B004YXE438|4.0|Got this because the icon shows a traditional jigsaw puzzle piece and my kids like that kind of game. but after playing a bit it appears that the puzzles are more like sliders where every piece is a plain square. not as fun as I expected.
B004YXE438|5.0|Although most people will say I (or anyone who gives a good rating) is the developer, I&apos;m not. Just wanted to say I love puzzles and this does what it is supposed to do. It&apos;s fun, runs great, great graphics, does what it says. It&apos;s nice getting it for free, but what gives people that right to give bad reviews because something normally costs them something? If you dont want to buy it, dont, but shut up about it. Go develop some apps yourself and give them for few. I can&apos;t do it, so I must rely on someone who can. And their time isn&apos;t free. Do you say a donut is crappy at threw donut shop because you have to pay for it? And I read one review on here that complained because it didn&apos;t ask for permissions. Everyone else cries because most apps ask for LOTS of permissions. Educate yourselves, you ignorant people. If you dont want it, dont take it. And also, quit whining about Amazon offing apps you don&apos;t like. Dog them enough and they will stop offering any. They don&apos;t HAVE to offer paid apps for free. So shut up and enjoy it!
B001GKPXSM|5.0|The album is wonderful.  I highly recommend getting the CD - it sound much better than the MP3 download.
B000HEWEDK|5.0|[[ASIN:B000HEWEDK Forbidden Planet (Two-Disc 50th Anniversary Edition)]]  How could I not add my 2 cents? I saw this when I was about eight and it has never left me!  To see it again fifty years later is like time travel. If anything it is better! The   central theme about dealing with our ID -that part of ourselves that seems to make us do  things like buy chocolate when we are on a diet, will be a much bigger topic in the future   as we learn more about the mind. Thank Zeus that this movie is in such fantastic condition and  available to buy. This is a true treasure. Watch it -then watch it again!
B0050CQY1W|1.0|I think Beyonce's time is over. Her last two albulms failed to meet sales of her previous albulm Dangerously in love. They only sold because of her star power, over-sexualization, and willingness to bare all, not because they exhibted great music. I like a lot of her music, but it seems to be getting worse and worse. By the way, what is all the screaming about??
B004GXL8GC|5.0|I am a fan since I was a boy, so, for me it's very important to have them . I love them all the way!
B004SBS8LA|2.0|Tried using the Android market download, but when I open it I only get a black screen. So came here and downloaded it from Amazon App Store. After install it let&apos;s me get to first game screen then it force closes. I love playing this game, when it works.
0061989142|5.0|I think this book is amazing. I have learned so many things from clothes, make-up, traveling, posing and hair and everything a girl should know. I think LC has a great sense of style. I think this book would be great for anyone about 14 and up cuz even as a teenager you can use her tips to help you with your everyday life. I love this book and i will defentily go and look back at it when i need help.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|This game is a fantastic and addictive time killer, but it is very hard to select colors in the prism, which I find very annoying. Sometimes, the prism will disappear. All in all, a very good game in which I am enjoying very much!
B004YEJGEO|4.0|Sometimes the lasers act a little finicky when you don&apos;t have the positions and angles exactly right (but are really close). Its actually hard to explain, but it shouldn&apos;t stop you from trying it out. Really fun!
B004HO6I4M|5.0|This was such a fun movie.  A few of the things went above the head of my 3-yr old, but he had such a fun time watching and dancing through the movie.  Great present for someone!!
1594202842|5.0|I absolutely loved this book! I was having a hard time parenting my children, and an amazing teacher recommended this book to me. In no way did I take any offense to Amy Chua's view's and opinions on raising her children the Chinese way. I actually found it quite insightful, and now realize why it is that all the Asian and Chinese  children at my sons Jr. High School perform so much better than all the other children. When I read this book I thought WOW, what a strong, and unconditionally loving mother. It saddens me to see that so many people are reacting to this book negatively. (I guess the truth hurts:) I look forward to reading many more books by Amy Chua, and congratulate her on her well deserved success.
B002LL13BQ|5.0|This is the best performance of this opera that I have seen. Cararas is at the peak of his powers and the supporting cast was right there with him. The production is as lush and colorful as it could be given the nature of the opera. I had seen this performance on a earlier recording and had to have one of our own. My wife agrees. She was enamored by the experience.
159514188X|4.0|I don't exactly know what to say about this book. Yes, it is a page turner, if for no other reason than you want Clay to finally be put out of his misery. On the other hand, I don't believe suicide to be explainable with words.<br /><br />Hannah is a teen who has acquired an undeserved \\"bad\\" reputation at her school, through rumor and innuendo from other teens. It happens every day as it has happened every day, probably forever. She chooses 13 people to tell her story to because she feels that their actions have contributed to her decision. Each person is passed a box of audio tapes relating her dark journey down the road of no return.<br /><br />My first thought upon finishing the book was that these were such flimsy reasons for a young person to take her life, her future, her light and throw it away, leaving behind sorrow, and deliberately leaving behind guilt. But I'm not and would never even contemplate taking my own life, and that is the case with the majority of teens and adults. So, how can I judge the reasons anyone uses to do so? What happens in the mind of someone to whom the slights and rude actions and comments that come in everyday life make that life unbearable to the extent that she would want to end it?<br /><br />In Hannah's mind each slight connects to the last which connects to the next and so on until the \\"thing\\" that sits in her mind is so large that she can no longer control nor tolerate her life. Mr. Asher excellently demonstrates this through the passing on of the tapes to the teens in the order of the occurrences. Each teen must listen to all of the tapes, thereby witnessing how the story develops in Hannah's reality. That does not say \\"Oh, because you passed a note around school voting me as `Best Ass in the Freshman Class' I have killed myself.\\" Instead it demonstrates the process in which Hannah has created a reality in her own mind; a reality that to most would never have been created.  In other words, we get a glimpse into the mind of someone who is contemplating suicide, answering the age-old question of \\"Why? Why would someone so young do this?\\"  The truth is that there is no answer to that question for most people.<br /><br />Before I wrote a review on this book, I did something I never do--I read other reviews. Since this is a book for teens, I wanted to know what teens were saying about it. I found that, for the most part, teens like the book. And what do they take away from it? I expected a lot of \\"How could she commit suicide because of that?\\" Or, \\"She's making too much of this stuff.\\"  I didn't find that. Instead most of them feel that the message of the book is simply to think about the possible consequences of your actions and words. Think about how your actions can affect others around you. By witnessing the development of Hannah's reality, teens reading the book have jumped from Hannah's unreal connections to the real connection of how one person's actions can affect another. This is why I love teens!ating suicide, answering the age-old question of \\"Why? Why would someone so young do this?\\"  The truth is that there is no answer to that question for most people.    Before I wrote a review on this book, I did something I never do--I read other reviews. Since this is a book for teens, I wanted to know what teens were saying about it. I found that, for the most part, teens like the book. And what do they take away from it? I expected a lot of \\"How could she commit suicide because of that?\\" Or, \\"She's making too much of this stuff.\\"  I didn't find that. Instead most of them feel that the message of the book is simply to think about the possible consequences of your actions and words. Think about how your actions can affect others around you. By witnessing the development of Hannah's reality, teens reading the book have jumped from Hannah's unreal connections to the real connection of how one person's actions can affect another. This is why I love teens!
B001U5V04O|5.0|This wasn't the Don Giovanni I expected to buy, but when I saw the cast I changed my mind. It didn't disappoint. The cast is superb from top to bottom. We particularly enjoyed Kyle Ketelsen who, in addition to having a fantastic voice, showed himself to be a very funny comic actor. The Orchestra is very cleanly recorded. (We were listening to the stereo soundtrack, but via HDMI). Highly recommended.
B004EPYZU8|3.0|The graphic WW1 scenes are to die for. I haven't seen the \\"Great War\\" like that on screen anywhere. Total fantasy and a honest way to blow a few hours. Politically dubious story, though. Anti- German, for sure!
B003VURG62|5.0|Received the Katy Perry \\"Teenage Dream\\" package post haste.I wore the Katy Perry \\"Teenage Dream\\" Boxer shorts to Katy's \\"California Dreams\\" Los Angeles concert opening night@the Nokia Theatre Friday August 05th,2011.Way Cool.Thanx, Amazon!!!
B0013LL2Z2|4.0|We enjoy this movie and agree with many of the other reviews.  HOWEVER, we were a bit surprised when there was a scene with brief frontal nudity.  After all, this is rated PG.  When the main characters are in the refrigeration room with \\"Box\\", they strip down to put on the warm furs and POW -- naked on screen.  Also, several naked bodies are shown that have been frozen in ice.  We were watching with the kids so it threw us off a bit.  Just be aware of this and enjoy.
B004YXE438|5.0|Downloaded this first thing this morning!  Simple but great!  This is a fun app that both kids and adults can use!  Works and looks super on my Samsung Fascinate.
B0036S4C6G|2.0|A book of disjointed stories that have characters that are interwoven, but I just didn't understand the lack of chronology. We went from present to past to future and I just couldn't handle the ride.<br /><br />My other main complaint lies in how the chapters were ordered and presented. With a lack of chronology, with each chapter it took me a moment to find out where we were in the years - it made things hard. The other point that I found extremely hard to read was not knowing who the heck the chapter was about until I was at least 6 pages in and then there would be about 14 more pages, where I would get hooked and then the chapter would be over, wasn't a fan.<br /><br />I say all these things because this was a read for book club and after attending, I appreciated when other people enjoyed it while I didn't hate it, but I didn't love it. If I reread this book, I would put it in the pile.
B000TGQDZQ|5.0|I am kind of working backward since I bought Design Your Own Universe first.And I bought this album base on  how much I like that one.The samples don't do this album justice, it is another stellar album from a great band   If u haven't bought the latest one  I suggest you get this one first as there is not a lot of difference between the two albums
B001AZFO14|4.0|Great story,basically clean acting, except for the heavy violence factor... I would have to say the story is very good, and way better than 90% of all Kurt Russel's movies with any sci-fi or war type movie.  I liked it better than stargate or escape from NY....
B004EPYZZ8|5.0|I missed seeing this movie when it was in theaters.  Partly because I was busy, but partly because I was turned off by how heavily it was marketed on the Christian radio stations in town.  Then again, I'm rarely drawn to stories about overcoming tragic personal injury when they're fresh ...<br /><br />But after reading several positive reviews, and even reflecting on the few negative ones I did find, I decided to rent Soul Surfer this weekend.  I wasn't disappointed.<br /><br />The entire cast puts together an amazing performance, and the emotional back and forth displayed by AnnaSophia Robb in the lead role is spectacular.  Having know much of the real-life story beforehand, it was easy to figure out when certain events were going to play out.  But that didn't detract from the story or the experience of watching it unfold on screen.<br /><br />In particular, the story of a teenager just experiencing the life-changing loss of a limb pouring out emotion over someone else's loss during a missions trip puts a lot of things in perspective and turns what began as a heartwarming underdog story into a powerful piece of inspiration.  Then seeing the same person overcome their injury to accomplish something many otherwise capable uninjured persons can't shows both the power of her character and the depth of the human  spirit.<br /><br />This movie was definitely worth watching; as a result, I'm even planning to see the films that previewed before the feature on the DVD.
B0025UHKNS|1.0|I've been using both the Garmin 305 and 405.  I loved my 305, what an amazing watch.  Unfortunately it got stolen and I've upgraded to the 405.  I'm deeply frustrated with the 405 and cannot believe how poor the 405 is in comparison to its predecessor.    The screen on the 405 is smaller - not what you want when on a run.  The clarity on the 305 is much better.  Once you are used to the 305 you will not like the newer models.  Sure the 405 looks better, but to be honest why are you buying this watch - looks or functionality?    One thing that they have improved on the 405 is the speed in which it locks on to satellites.  Much quicker.  They introduced this silly bevel and touch system - if you've used it you will know how frustrating it is to operate while running.  With sweaty hands it becomes unresponsive.  So why would they do this.  The watch still has buttons so why not just use these?  Button control also allows you to go forward and backwards between screens - impossible with the bevel control.  On this alone I would say do not buy this model.      The battery power is the worst part of the watch.  Have a look at the number of complaints you will find on forums.  The battery is irreplaceable and starts failing close to when the warranty expires.  Garmin have replaced my watch now twice and I'm afraid the warranty has now expired and again the battery is starting to run down very quickly.  Did not experience these problems with my 305 and I used it for 3 years without any problems.    Also, when the 405 is showing you still have 30% power left, it in fact probably is closer to 5%.  Trust me, you will not complete a 30min run with 30% power on the watch?  That's silly.  And when the watch isn't in use it still uses battery power because it always stays on (be it on \\"power save\\" mode, but still uses battery power).  The 305 you could switch off and you know the next time you use the watch it will have the same amount of battery power as when you turned it off.Not on the 405.  You will have so many half recorder runs!!  Garmin tried to make the watch more a day to day watch.  How many people really use their running watch also as a day to day watch? At our running club - none.  Again, style over function.    The functionality of the two watches are the same.  You pay for silly add-ons such as wireless data transfers.  It sounds good but you still need a cable to charge the watch.  My 305 got charged while connected to the PC, so no big deal.  Therefore, if you want a good watch stick to the 305.  Since then Garmin tried to get clever, going for style over function.  They lost the plot.      I'll swop back to the 305 anytime.  Wish Garmin would be so kind and exchange my 405 to a 305.  It's that bad.    Also many new manufacturers are now coming forward and I think Garmin will very quickly loose their market position.  Can't wait for good competition to push Garmin off their perch.  Know Nike has teamed up with Tom-Tom; potentially a supper combination.
B004YXE438|5.0|Whoever wrote the PSA, I appreciate it.  Tired of reading lame reviews devoted to the &quot;price&quot; of the FAotD instead of the actual app.\nAs for this puzzle game, it&apos;s loads of fun and you can add your own pics.
B004EPYZUI|2.0|From all the commercials on TV I was looking forward to watching this movie, but.... it under-delivered. What a drag... I fell asleep in the middle of it.
0553801473|3.0|I read this on kindle after catching up on the series over the previous 2 months. Mr Martin has a style of his own which not everyone enjoys but if you can overcome that there is much to enjoy here. I think that having taken some 5 years to produce though it does fall short of expectations. It is a high quality piece of writing but the plot is very slow moving and some of the twists feel too contrived. Overall I was disappointed. I am not sure what Mr Martin is trying to do here -there is very little hope in this work - its all blood, winter, treachery, maiming etc. Is he trying to tell us humans are nasty, brutal and duplicitous driven only by the desires of flesh or religious fanaticism? I think he is too fond of killing off characters that the reader has invested an interest in. I think he should make up his mind who the damn heroes are going to be and he needs to put a bit more light in the next one.
1422161978|5.0|I read the first edition a decade ago and was stopped in my tracks.  Joe Pine and Jim Gilmore had created a framework for the experience-based economy that was emerging all around us.  In this updated edition, they have added several very useful models and updated the text to include the experience exemplars that surround us now.  You cannot be in business today and ignore this book.  Too many businesses (and policy makers) are clinging to the idea that it is still all about goods and services ... that this \\"experience thing\\" is a nice-to-do.  We all need to take off the lenses of the last century and realize this book holds the key to business success in this century.  Buy it.  Read it.  Now.
B005D9MUWY|5.0|Been using this app since 2 weeks now. A very nice app with a good dictionary and very accurate predictions.  Works well on samsung galaxy s.
B002BU0DPE|2.0|These were a great step up from my old logitech's which were just for chatting. When i got the turtlebeach px 21's i was amazed but about a month a go i couldnt hear anybody talk in black ops lobbys this was fixed buy putting the chat volume all the way up. And the game volume to zero. Which sucked!!!! because i love being able to hear my games. Today the left side of this headset came off so now these are complety useless.    Pros: First 6 months best headset in this price range    Cons: completely broken in about 7.5 months
B004YXE438|5.0|A very well made puzzle game with the ability to use custom images as well. You can also customize the number of pieces in the puzzle. Worth the money.
B003K1EYM6|5.0|I think it is great, After their updates making it to where you cannot use an external hard drive it limits the use a bit but I can still plug in my sd card from my camera and anything usb that has a separate power supply.
0553801473|4.0|Good book, not my favorite in the series but that's probably because the characters aren't doing what I want them to; that's just how the series is though.  It's not your typical good-guy bad-guy story and Martin never fails to entertain.  Here's hoping it doesn't take 5 years for the next book to come out...
1401307957|5.0|I really enjoyed this book. A lovely journal of his life in New York and how the familys lives were changed by his wifes accident. Very inspiring book. Made me want to journal even more. I highly recommend this book.
B003E6K1VK|5.0|This DAC and AMP offer superb sound quality for the price. I use it together with HD 600 and bypass my laptops soundcard with the usb port, makes the FLAC files with noticeable improvement on details, even by non audiophiles forks like me.
0425242099|5.0|...he tugged her close and whispered, \\"You sure you want to play with the wolf, baby?\\"<br /><br />Her stomach somersaulted, but she was ready. \\"Sure you're ready to handle an X, wolf?\\"<br />**********<br />First, I have to just say that as a reader and book lover, I couldn't have asked for a better month of May. It felt like every book I picked up to read and review was either a completely pleasant surprise that I couldn't wait to recommend to other people or for books I was anticipating, they lived up to every expectation. KISS OF SNOW absolutely falls into the latter category. Not only is it a series that I look forward to with each new yearly installment, but the build up for Hawke and Sienna's story has been steadily growing over the course of many books, and their book delivers on every level.<br /><br />This review is going to mainly focus on the relationship between Hawke and Sienna. We do have an explosive show down with people from the splintered Psy Council that makes the last portion of the book very action packed. We see the packs strategize throughout much of the story and prepare as best they can for an attack they know is coming. Its potential for devastation is high as the main attack happens on the SnowDancer's land, and everyone must come together and use their abilities to the highest extreme to get everyone through the battle.<br /><br />But this book is all about Hawke and Sienna. We've seen their relationship building up to this point over the course of many books and to see them finally stop dancing around each other and confront everything they've been (Hawke, mainly) ignoring, brought up plenty of angst, possessive need and ultimately love. I've been crazy for Hawke since he came on page and started flirting with Sascha just to mess with Lucas. We knew very little about him other than he lost his potential mate when she was just a child and he became Alpha at a very young age. Beyond that, he was somewhat of a mystery and to finally understand all the layers of his life as he slowly talked about everything with Sienna brought out the man he is that's always overshadowed by his very Alpha personality.<br /><br />Sienna's the Psy with an X-designation that for all anyone knows is her death sentence. There are no known X-Psy's who've lived as long as she has, and for her, burnout and death are coming fast. From the moment she met Hawke, she knew he was hers. She also knew that he believed his true mate to have already died and could offer her only so much of himself. Sienna struggles with this most of the book, but comes to realize that any part of Hawke he can give her is better than nothing at all. I was really happy that their age difference played a very minimal role. Sienna was wise beyond her years and while she may have been inexperienced in some aspects of life, she was forced to grow up fast and the difference in their ages simply became a nonissue. Hawke took care that their relationship not move to quickly, much to his wolf's dismay, and it was a very believable progression for them both.<br /><br />Completely unexpected was the Walker/Lara storyline, which I fell in love with big time. They have a complete side story and it was especially nice learning more about Walker and watching Lara get under his skin, in a very good way. Walker and Judd have played very important roles in not only Sienna's life but in Toby and Marlee's being father figures to them all, no one more so than Walker. We learn just how much Sienna needs Walker at the end, which not only gives Sienna a huge amount of relief, but I think helps Walker understand himself better, as well as the purpose he's meant to serve, especially in Sienna's life. Yes, that was all very cryptic...but no spoilers here, so just read the book to get the full story!<br /><br />Nalini Singh does a couple things with her Psy/Changeling series that are so well done, it's become the standard for me when reading shifter/paranormal genre books. First are her shifters themselves and the idea of \\"skin-privileges.\\" The packs need touch to survive and it doesn't matter if the pack members are young or old, when someone needs a cuddle or a hug or a simple touch from their Alpha, they make it known. Second, the children in the pack. When they show up on page, it instantly lightens the story, brings a sweetness to any situation and I look so forward to scenes with them present. I was completely head over heels for little Ben when he was introduced by streaking down the hallway (avoiding bath time of course) to hide behind Judd, many books ago! Whether it's a scene with the kids simply playing in the White Zone, or watching Lucas cuddle his newborn and purring to give that sense of security and love, every scene conveys the importance of how much all the young mean to the entire pack.<br /><br />This might be one of the easiest 5 star ratings I've given. Hawke and Sienna's storyline was completely satisfying and where would a book ending be without some interesting unanswered questions: Who is Ghost, and when will we find out? Whose side are the Arrows on? What role will Ming play in the future, especially now that the Lauren Family can no longer hide? How can I already be wrapped around Kit's finger, when he was on page for just a small amount of time?!<br /><br />I would recommend this book to all fans of the series. It could be read as a nice stand alone, but as the Hawke/Sienna relationship has been building over many books, it's a much more emotional book having their background going into the story.es.\\" The packs need touch to survive and it doesn't matter if the pack members are young or old, when someone needs a cuddle or a hug or a simple touch from their Alpha, they make it known. Second, the children in the pack. When they show up on page, it instantly lightens the story, brings a sweetness to any situation and I look so forward to scenes with them present. I was completely head over heels for little Ben when he was introduced by streaking down the hallway (avoiding bath time of course) to hide behind Judd, many books ago! Whether it's a scene with the kids simply playing in the White Zone, or watching Lucas cuddle his newborn and purring to give that sense of security and love, every scene conveys the importance of how much all the young mean to the entire pack.    This might be one of the easiest 5 star ratings I've given. Hawke and Sienna's storyline was completely satisfying and where would a book ending be without some interesting unanswered questions: Who is Ghost, and when will we find out? Whose side are the Arrows on? What role will Ming play in the future, especially now that the Lauren Family can no longer hide? How can I already be wrapped around Kit's finger, when he was on page for just a small amount of time?!    I would recommend this book to all fans of the series. It could be read as a nice stand alone, but as the Hawke/Sienna relationship has been building over many books, it's a much more emotional book having their background going into the story.
B004YXE438|5.0|I stayed up late and started playing Spectrum Puzzles. Now I can&apos;t stop! It is soooo addicting. Worth $1.60? Easy answer: yes!
B0012QE4Q2|5.0|One of my favorite movies!  A absolute must see for anyone who is interested in this time in history.
1451629184|5.0|Think back to when you were eleven & meandering your way to school on any ordinary day. How alert would you have been? Now imagine, as that same daydreaming child, is suddenly, incomprehensibly snatched away from her world, paralyzed in the back of a car going somewhere.<br /><br />Now you have to undress in front of a stranger & shower with him. Then he allows you to wear only a towel as he handcuffs you in a small room with no outside to gaze at, nothing to do, no one to talk to except your captor, who brings you food & fear, & takes away your wastes in a bucket.<br /><br />Now imagine that his daily visits turn sexual & complicated & drawn out with ranting sermons, all hyped-up on drugs. Imagine doing everything & anything you can to make him, & then his wife (his WIFE???)like you so he won't sell you as he threatens to.<br /><br />Imagine crying for months, aching for your mother, your family, even your mean-spirited stepdad. Imagine nothing to do all day, everyday waiting for his visits dreading 'em yet yearning for the company & the \\"nice guy\\" who occasionally surfaces. Imagine him giving you a kitten & you pour out your heart to that furry little bundle & then he takes it away... & repeats this again & again.<br /><br />This is no Disney tale about a princess locked up in a tower waiting to be rescued by a prince charming, no, in this captivity of boredom & misery, you're going to end up being a mom, twice, with him & his wife delivering your child, then making you live in fear that they'll take your baby away, if you displease 'em.<br /><br />Apart from an editor's intrusion over the who/whom nonsense, this memoir is all Jaycee's: her words, her thoughts & how she wants those 18 years of captivity to be remembered. Faulting her for her language? Get into it or get over it cuz this is Jaycee's story & she owns it!<br /><br />I relish her chosen format wherein she tells a part of her adventure or a memory & then reflects upon it, turning this memoir into a textbook on surviving & healing. This allows you, the reader, a breathing space between the abuse, which Jaycee never had. It also enables you to catch glimpses of her captor's classic brainwashing & intimidation techniques, & see how she coped & protected that core essence of herself.<br /><br />Very well done, Jaycee, was moved to tears & rage, & I hear you about rejecting the rest of your life filled with hate ... then you would be a victim & that monster would've won.he reader, a breathing space between the abuse, which Jaycee never had. It also enables you to catch glimpses of her captor's classic brainwashing & intimidation techniques, & see how she coped & protected that core essence of herself.     Very well done, Jaycee, was moved to tears & rage, & I hear you about rejecting the rest of your life filled with hate ... then you would be a victim & that monster would've won.
076115678X|5.0|I am mixed, black-white, but my Mother has poker straight hair.  She has no clue how to \\"deal\\" with my hair.  My childhood was one long bad hair day.  I started researching natural hair and have read several books about the topic. I love my beautiful hair now and would not think of putting a chemical treatment in my hair.   I love this book so much because it is a good starting place for someone starting to work with natural curly hair.      I like the fact that this book is a factual and practical guide to curly hair care without all the political agenda of the black natural hair discussion.      I have referred several of my friends who have curly children to this book and even given it as a gift to one parent.  They all thank me, and thier children look great.  I have learned a lot since starting my journey, but most of the basics are in this excellent easy to read book.  Don't let your children develop a hate-hate realtionship with their curly hair, get this book!
B004EPZ0BQ|5.0|Both Timberlake and Kunis have recently broken up with their partner. Kunis plays a recruiter for GQ magazine, and Timberlake is someone she \\"stalked\\" to head up their Art department. Timberlake's ex-gf is Emma Stone. What is interesting is that Kunis' character is the laid back type of person we would expect Emma Stone to play, while Stone (what little we see of her) plays an emotional character we would expect Kunis to play. I don't know if the producers did this by design, or they just lucked into it, but knowing this made the movie funny on a different level. Kunis is savvy enough to realize she has been ruined by romantic movies as she awaits her Prince to sweep her off her feet. You know at the end of the movie, come running to her as she is about to leave, and pour his heart out to her.<br /><br />Kunis gives Timberlake a fast paced tour of NY, perhaps one of the best sells for Manhattan I have seen in a long time. The movie verbally condemns Hollywood's romantic comedies while ironically creating one identical to it. With some quick character build up, the film goes to a scene where Timberlake and Kunis decide that they will have sex without the emotional baggage while swearing on a Bible app.  No complications, just sex. Guess how that turns out?<br /><br />Woody Harrelson plays a gay sports editor who is not shy about being gay. Woody gives Timberlake love advice, \\"It's not who you want to spend Friday night with, but who you want to spend all day Saturday with.\\"<br /><br />The sex scenes between Kunis and Timberlake are more comical than romantic. Timberlake likes to keep his socks on and sneezes after an orgasm, and Kunis is a screamer. Patricia Clarkson plays Kunis' super hip mother, who has never really told her daughter who her father was. In her first few minutes he was Greek, Puerto Rican, or Russian...she is sure he was Eurasian.<br /><br />The dialogue is fast and witty. Kunis did a background check on a guy she dated.<br /><br />Timberlake responds: \\"Did you do a background check on me?\\"<br /><br />Kunis:\\"How could you possibly max out an Old Navy card?\\"<br /><br />Timberlake: \\"I was just out of college and really into cargo pants.\\"<br /><br />In spite of the adult themes, the movie has a lighthearted chick flick Disney quality to it. The acting was good. The movie was very clever. If you liked \\"No Strings Attached\\" you might find this one on par or slightly better.<br /><br />F-bomb,sex, brief nudity, deals with Alzheimer's. 5 star chick flick?\\"    Kunis:\\"How could you possibly max out an Old Navy card?\\"    Timberlake: \\"I was just out of college and really into cargo pants.\\"    In spite of the adult themes, the movie has a lighthearted chick flick Disney quality to it. The acting was good. The movie was very clever. If you liked \\"No Strings Attached\\" you might find this one on par or slightly better.    F-bomb,sex, brief nudity, deals with Alzheimer's. 5 star chick flick
B0054JZC6E|1.0|these games r not fun no wonder you get so many for free. I will be installing. now I just need to fulfill my wit minimum.
1586210912|3.0|An alright book but they made a mini movie on YouTube about this book that explains the story better. Besides that it was just mainly testimonials.
2266195581|4.0|I first became familiar with this title after Camille Paglia's having recommended the film based on &#34;Bonjour Tristesse&#34; in her Salon.com column. I had hoped, that since Jean Seberg starred in that film, that it would have been in French.  Even though the DVD is in English (I reviewed the film as well on Amazon), it follows the novel quite faithfully.  Although I am not a fluent French speaker, I studied French for translation (IE advanced vocabulary in the legal and financial sectors); the French vocabulary in this book is for the most part simple and straightforward.  Already having seen the picture also helped me to comprehend the plot.  I think it is amazing that Sagan wrote this book as an 18 year old; she was definitely a prodigy, possessing a wisdom, clarity of thinking, and faculty of human understanding beyond her years.  To have such insight into the sexual and professional mores, particularly of men, far beyond her years is impressive.  Although it isn't the first and won't be the last, &#34;Bonjour Tristesse&#34; is a study of the human potential for wickedness, in a story narrated by antagonist Cecile.  In today's language, Cecile and her father would be referred to as players.  None of the characters are inherently evil; it is only the combined effect of the flawed natures that contributes to the key sacrifice.  Cecile decides to be swayed by her desire for revenge, and voil&agrave; the tragic d&eacute;nouement that she and her father both regret deeply.  And so the reader can feel compassion for those characters; there are no heroes in this work.  Despite the brilliance of Cecile's plan, it is the impulsiveness of her youth that contributes to the success of her wicked scheme.  Ultimately, this more than just a cautionary tale of the bad girl versus the strict/repressed stepmother.  It's about the danger of not recognizing when what seems like a silly game is actually a serious one.  Just because this book was written in 1954, doesn't mean it's pass&eacute;.  As another Amazon reviewer noted: &#34;Plus a change, plus c'est la mme chose&#34;.<br /><br />Stephen C. Bird, Author of &#34;Any Resemblance To A Coincidence Is Accidental&#34;another Amazon reviewer noted: &#34;Plus a change, plus c'est la mme chose&#34;.  Stephen C. Bird, Author of &#34;Any Resemblance To A Coincidence Is Accidental&#34;
B004YEJGEO|5.0|it really makes me think of the color wheel and how Colorado work together. at times it can be challenging so I wouldn&apos;t recommend it for anyone under 11 or 12
B004YXE438|5.0|Well designed, easy to use interface with beautiful &amp; colorful photos. I&apos;m not much into puzzles but thought I&apos;d try it as it was FAotD today and was pleasantly surprised! \nIf you like puzzles I&apos;m sure you&apos;ll love this!\nWell done, developers and thanks, Amazon :-)
B004YXE438|5.0|This game is great and challenges your brain and makes you use it.  Also great to pass time. Download it. You won&apos;t be sorry.
1594744769|3.0|This debut novel starts from  a wonderful, fantastical premise - that the main character's grandfather, who was evacuated as a child during World War II to an island off the coast of England was not just any war refugee. He was a \\"peculiar\\" and like the other children in the home endowed with special powers. After an unexpected tragedy leaves the boy traumatized and heart-broken, he becomes obsessed with finding out if the old man's stories were true.    The skeptical 16-year-old narrator is painfully well-drawn, and the unusual vintage photos sprinkled throughout the book (all culled from actual collectors) give it a lush, haunting quality. The clues of the mystery are generally well-played and satisfying. And all the characters are memorable, delightful and three-dimensional. The writing shows flashes of great promise.    However, Riggs' background as a filmmaker shows. The story is light and over-simplified. Characters miss obvious clues right and left. To the author's credit, he never uses one of those missed clues to generate a contrived plot twist later on. But they rob the characters of their full agency, and distract the reader. Instead of paying attention to the next set of action, part of your mind is always wondering, \\"Why didn't he ask her about THAT?\\"     Also, the book lacks an satisfying resolution. Again, Riggs skims along the story and wraps up only as much as absolutely necessary to bring this \\"episode\\" to a close. Many other thematic and emotional threads are left hanging, and the wrap-up with the narrator's parents completely beggars belief. If this is meant to set up a series, that is too bad because for so much work and so little payoff, I can't imagine signing up for more of the same.
B000209ZAE|4.0|I'm on my second stand as I managed to break the first one. Luckily the new stand works better than the original, very smooth action and sturdy. Now, although it's way better built than Dremels offering it isn't perfect. There are no positive detents on the rotating head mount so it's still easy to get it not quite perfectly straight which can lead to drilling at a bit of an angle. Another thing is the locking level for the tool clamp, it's easy to use but can get in the way if the sliding T bar slips down as it can hit the workpiece.     Other than that, it's a very nicely made unit. strong, rigid, smooth and reasonably accurate. Adding the cross table and vice increases its versatility no end for precision work. I have mine set up in a highly configurable fashion with a Proxxon IB/E permanently mounted.    Very good for the price.
B003FHGI9W|5.0|As most everyone has stated, this movie is just so wonderful on so many levels.  It shows the amazing bond between a person and a pet.    On an even more personal level, I love the movie because the train station scenes were filmed at the Providence and Worcester Railroad station in Woonsocket, Rhode Island.  Everytime I watch the film, it's like a trip back home, which certainly magnifies the themes contained within the film for me in a deeply personal way.    All the performances are top-notch and Richard Gere and Lasse Hallstrom are to be congratulated for transforming this true story about love and devotion into a wonderful modern fable.  It's a sad story but it's certainly one that will stay with you for a very long time.
B000S81MHY|5.0|This is an extremely useful table for precision machining and I use it a lot. It isnt necessarily perfectly adjusted from the factory so it's worth taking a little time to adjust it for best fit/motion. Some have a bit of slop in the top table, do some minor adjustments and you'll be rewarded with slop free movement and smooth sliding. I don't use the included clamps often, they are good, but I hold odd shapes in mine so I have my own clamp system in place. Standard 1/4-20 bolts fit the slots so just about any standard 3rd party attachments will fit ( within reason given the table size) which extends it's usefulness immensely. I've fitted my stand with an LED lamp for better visibility as well when milling or drilling.    The table is strong and the mechanism seems sturdy and well protected from general debris. The handscrew adjustment precision is excellent and it doesn't vibrate loose and out of position as some milling tables can do.     Overall a 5 star product to me.
1603425381|4.0|Good variety of borders to choose from, includes multi-colour borders. However, not being a big crocheter, I only used one pattern. Having said that, it is a good resource book.
B004YXE438|4.0|Lots of fun. I could play this for hours without getting tired.  They keep the puzzles unique to keep your interest.
1603580557|4.0|In the first two chapters of Thinking in Systems, Donella Meadows lays bare the entire scope of what systems are and how they function. Feedback loops, inputs, outputs, and a whole \\"zoo\\" of applications are presented clearly and copiously. Anyone who studies networks or systems will want to read and re-read these chapters.<br /><br />I started becoming wary of Ms Meadows' approach in subsequent chapters where she begins to offer \\"solutions\\" to system \\"problems.\\" I, for one, have never been a fan of the forced redistribution of wealth, but it is offered here as a recommended fix to balance wealth. Donella's basic argument here is that imbalance is bad, which is a ridiculous assumption. But it's at the heart of the whole socialism vs free-market capitalism argument, into which Donella sides with the former and I side with the latter. Your opinion may vary.<br /><br />I would recommend parts of this book to anyone as a first read on the subject - it will clarify a lot about system dynamics, and clarity is a rare gem when it comes to this topic. I cannot, however, recommend this book in good conscience without offering a caveat about Donella's problematic injection of her socialist philosophies. Read with a healthy dose of empirical skepticism.
B004XJRQUQ|4.0|I bought all three books at the same time because I had heard such great things about this series. I really loved the original concept and all the interesting technology and action. There were a lot of interesting characters and you end up having a love-hate relationship with most of them (Katniss and Haymitch in particular). Katniss is strong, but the romantic storyline that's weaved throughout the books gets a bit tiresome. For that reason, and the fact that the last book was so darn depressing, I gave it four stars instead of five. Otherwise, I loved this series and you should definitely read it.
B004LZF2LW|5.0|I wanted an app to tell me the time in the cities I was going to be traveling in.  this does it. I like that it tells the sunrise and sunset too.
B0017SWSCW|5.0|being an American I enjoyed a look into British and Scottish culture.  I have read it twice and enjoyed it both times ( each time you get a bit more out of it )  All in all I like most of Archers books.
B001UV4XI8|5.0|This is a wonderful movie for all Harry Potter fans out there.  I am a HUGE Harry Potter fan!  Love the books, Love the movies!  You definitely have to take them as two separate things though otherwise if you are a book purist you will probably be disappointed in the movies since they can not fit an entire book in a 2 1/2 hr time period.  I was very happy to see this movie in theaters and couldn't wait until it was available for pre order!
B004YEJGEO|2.0|It&apos;s a great game concept, but the implementation its lacking. You can get into situations in which the switches do the opposite of their original meaning (closing doors instead of opening them), and the prisms can produce colors they shouldn&apos;t (getting green out of a prism that used to have blue and yellow inputs but doesn&apos;t any more). \n\nFix the bugs, and this would be a great game.
B004FGMDOQ|5.0|I was thrilled to find this book on sale in the kindle store; the book trailer had me dying to read it. I wasn't disappointed-what a fun read. This enchanting story will suck you in from the very first chapter and leave you wanting more. The photos throughout really add to the charm of the story. Ransom Riggs nailed it.
B004856SQ8|5.0|I really like this movie. It's funny and has a lot of action. Great movie.  But originally coming from Frankfurt/Germany I want to make two things clear.   There is no \\"Knigsbank-Tower\\". In deed there is a Commerzbank Tower (commercial bank) or a Deutsche Bank Tower (german bank).  And the Frankfurt Central Station does not look as nice as seen in the movie. I don't know which railway station is shown in the movie ;-)    Enjoy the movie.
B004DI7HZ6|1.0|should have listened to the other reviewers. I bought this because I enjoy witch and vampire stories but this just sort of droned on and never took off for me.  I couldn't even finish it and that's rare for me.
B0018CMJSU|5.0|The opening title and scene of \\"The Godfather\\" is one of the most striking in cinematic history. The lone trumpet invoking the tragic melody which has become so synonymous with this film is the equivalent of the tenor voice from an Italian opera, lamenting the loss of a loved-one in song, similar in style to a theme by Puccini or Verdi. Strangely, this sort of aria would have occurred towards the end of a traditional opera, usually at the death of the leading lady. But here the grieving music begins the story, as if tragic moments have already occurred, although they will continue to occur, a fundamental part of the story which is to follow. The beginning of the film is in actuality the middle of the larger epic of the Corleone family in America.<br /><br />The first spoken words are neither from the Godfather himself nor from one of those in his inner circle. The voice is an outsider. He is not only an outsider of the inner Corleone family but someone not originally from America. The first voice we hear is an Italian immigrant, \\"I believe in America.\\" This is a story about American immigrants, and how they have attained great financial and political power in the United States which might not be possible elsewhere in the world.<br /><br />Based on the original book by Mario Puzo (who also co-wrote the screenplay), \\"the Godfather\\" lives up to its name as both a title referring to a specific character and simultaneously a position of someone wielding great power within a particular social context. When the film begins with Signore Bonasera (Salvatore Corsitto who will be ever-remembered as the first voice and face of \\"the Godfather\\"), the Italian immigrant requesting a favor from the Don on his daughter's wedding day, we assume the Godfather is Don Corleone (Marlon Brando), which is correct by and large. But as the film progresses, we see the rise of his younger son Michael Corleone who at first disassociates himself from the crime activities of his family. But even he cannot help but be dragged into the dealings of his family. By film's end it is ambiguous to which the titles refers, an individual person or a high-power position, not unlike a nobleman from the time of the Italian Renaissance.<br /><br />Strangely, traditions are portrayed in this film which have their roots centuries before the incarnation of the United States. All the main characters, with the possible exception of Kay Adams (Diane Keaton), are Catholic-Italian. The church, presumably on the outskirts of New York City, is in an architectural style similar to the medieval Gothic cathedrals of France and Italy. At the wedding at the beginning of the film, Italian songs are sung with traditional instruments. Only when a Frank Sinatra-like character, Johnny Fontane (Al Martino), appears at the wedding, do we remember we're in America in the 1940's and not a little town in Italy in the 19th century.<br /><br />\\"The Godfather\\" chronicles several intertwined stories which was certainly highly innovative when it was produced. The very beginning of a plot concerns Sollozzo \\"the Turk\\" (Al Lettieri) who is a high-stakes heroin peddler who wants to use the Mafia families to sell his goods. He has already convinced the other Mafia families that drugs are the future but needs the Corleone family because of their political and law-enforcement connections. Don Corleone declines his offers at a meeting. But Satino \\"Sonny\\" Corleone (James Caan) makes a fatal slip, letting Sollozzo know there is slight ambivalence in the family about getting into the narcotics racket. Don Corleone becomes a target, and Sollozzo hopes by getting him out of the way, the Corleone family will reconsider their position on the illegal drug markets. Eventually this leads to an inter-Mafia war among the five New York families.<br /><br />The other story concerns Michael Corleone, his relationship with Kay Adams, presumably a WASP, and his initially tenuous relationship with his own family. Although Marlon Brando was top-billed for the film and won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his performance, Al Pacino as Michael Corleone has much more screen time. The film is really Michael's story, about his gradual involvement in the family business. Several of the most memorable scenes involve Michael Corleone rather than Don Corleone, not the least of which occur in the home country of Sicily when Michael is in exile.<br /><br />Maybe a dozen films in existence could be characterized as perfect, nearly flawless, from beginning-to-end: Casablanca, Citizen Kane, Gandhi, Schindler's List, and Malcolm X, are a few which come to mind. \\"The Godfather\\" not only deserves a spot, it may be at the top of the heap. Every scene, even every line, furthers story, character, and even the world of the Corleones. Each of the other actors aside from Brando and Pacino could have won an Academy Award for their efforts, including James Caan, Talia Shire, Al Lettieri, Diane Keaton, and Robert Duvall. In fact, Pacino, Caan, and Duvall were all nominated for Best Supporting Actor, maybe the only time in film history three nominees from the same film were in the same category. \\"The Godfather\\" is one of the bona fide epic masterpieces of cinematic history, an opera without the singing.d won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his performance, Al Pacino as Michael Corleone has much more screen time. The film is really Michael's story, about his gradual involvement in the family business. Several of the most memorable scenes involve Michael Corleone rather than Don Corleone, not the least of which occur in the home country of Sicily when Michael is in exile.    Maybe a dozen films in existence could be characterized as perfect, nearly flawless, from beginning-to-end: Casablanca, Citizen Kane, Gandhi, Schindler's List, and Malcolm X, are a few which come to mind. \\"The Godfather\\" not only deserves a spot, it may be at the top of the heap. Every scene, even every line, furthers story, character, and even the world of the Corleones. Each of the other actors aside from Brando and Pacino could have won an Academy Award for their efforts, including James Caan, Talia Shire, Al Lettieri, Diane Keaton, and Robert Duvall. In fact, Pacino, Caan, and Duvall were all nominated for Best Supporting Actor, maybe the only time in film history three nominees from the same film were in the same category. \\"The Godfather\\" is one of the bona fide epic masterpieces of cinematic history, an opera without the singing.
B0059FBQWW|1.0|I didn't know Britney Spears went metal. This abomination of a record should be burned from the memories of metal fans everywhere. Is it possible to give negative stars to cancel out all the five star jokes you all have given this \\"band?\\"
B004LWZVZC|5.0|Those films concerning the darker sides of the human condition which often questions our prejudicial attitudes, those attitudes we assume to be unshakable, are often the most important but not always the most popular. \\"The Conspirator\\" certainly resides in this category, a very tough and brutal episode of post-Civil War northern justice which puts into question the idea \\"the North\\" were all heroes, and \\"the South\\" were all villains. The story concerns the federal case against Mary Surratt whose only crime may have been owning the boarding house where the conspirators against Abraham Lincoln met to plan for the president's assassination only days after Lee surrendered to Grant. The trial may have been dangerously close to a kangaroo court in which a guilty verdict was preordained before the beginning of the trial as a means to restore peace. The two prejudicial attitudes the movie questions are the oft-portrayed morality of the North as opposed to the South, and that people who are put on trial must be guilty of something. Law enforcement does often operate with political ends in mind over carrying out justice, which is simply the punishment of the guilty and the freedom of the innocent.<br /><br />In a sense, \\"the Conspirator\\" is about the post-Civil War legal system of the United States being \\"on trial\\". Secretary of War Stanton (played by Kevin Kline in one of his best performances) argues Surratt must be found guilty and condemned with the other conspirators as it will send a message of fear which will supposedly deter future conspirators and put a final end to all rebellion. The conspirators along with Surratt stand trial in a military tribunal, even though all are essentially civilians. However it appears there was really little or no evidence tying Surratt directly with the Lincoln assassination conspiracy. Her only crimes may have been knowing that some southerners were going to perpetrate some kind of crime, and these men were under her roof. Her other crime was she was a southern sympathizer, although based on historical evidence, the general consensus among scholars is she ultimately had nothing to do with it. Being a southern woman, the implication is the case against her is guilt by association.<br /><br />Robin Wright offers a tour-de-force Academy-Award-caliber performance as Mary Surratt, a rather emotionally detached southern sympathizer, which she most probably was. Rather than playing into our escapist notions of unfair justice by portraying her as a completely sympathetic, beautiful, kind and loving character who becomes a victim of vigilante justice, the film presents her almost indifferently, as a somber and joyless prisoner. James MacAvoy plays Frederick Aiken, an attorney who previously fought for the Union side of the American Civil War, who reluctantly takes her case. Both Surratt and Aiken seem to have mutual distrust of one another when the case begins, but gradually Aiken believes a gross miscarriage of justice may be taking place. Aiken finds his footing when he begins to believe the fight is for rights guaranteed by the US Constitution and not just for Surratt.<br /><br />Whether or not Surratt held onto to her southern leanings is not the point. The issue is whether or not a person should stand trial for a crime in which the evidence is largely associational and hearsay. And should the rule of law be compromised for the sake of other ends, such as for demonstrative purposes. Is the fact she owned a boarding house in which some conspirators met to perpetrate one of the most heinous of crimes in US history enough to hang her? She was accused of actively taking part in a conspiracy that led to the assassination of President Lincoln. Four others whose involvement was incidental at best, such as a Ford stage hand who had seen to Booth's horse being tethered on the fateful night, were sentenced to life in prison. John Surratt, Mary's son, may have had more knowledge of the conspiracy but remained in hiding during the trial. John Wilkes Booth who was ultimately responsible for Lincolin's death escaped the humiliation of trial and execution when he was killed by federal troops while on the run. The implication is the state department wanted a fourth conspirator, and Mary Surratt became the scape-goat for the fourth noose.<br /><br />Redford was asked in an interview if he thought Mary Surratt was guilty, and his response was that she probably knew something, which is essentially my own view. However, knowing bits and pieces about a possible act in the future is not the same as being directly involved. The historical evidence is clear that she was put on trial as a fellow conspirator, not for failing to report overhearing plans for criminal behavior. She could have been charged with misprision of felony, which is essentially failing to report evidence and/or knowledge of a crime to law enforcement when she learned that some of her boarders were contemplating criminal behavior. I believe even during the 19th century, withholding evidence was not a hanging offense. But the powers-that-be decided swift and brutal justice was necessary to end all contemplations of future conspiracy, and Mary Surratt was added to the list of conspirators. I wonder what Abraham Lincoln would have thought about these proceedings, and if he would have approved of the course of some of the trials. Based on what I know of Lincoln, and I'm no scholar, I would have to conclude he would have detested how these proceedings were conducted and at least altered their conduct if he had had the power to do so.ohn Wilkes Booth who was ultimately responsible for Lincolin's death escaped the humiliation of trial and execution when he was killed by federal troops while on the run. The implication is the state department wanted a fourth conspirator, and Mary Surratt became the scape-goat for the fourth noose.     Redford was asked in an interview if he thought Mary Surratt was guilty, and his response was that she probably knew something, which is essentially my own view. However, knowing bits and pieces about a possible act in the future is not the same as being directly involved. The historical evidence is clear that she was put on trial as a fellow conspirator, not for failing to report overhearing plans for criminal behavior. She could have been charged with misprision of felony, which is essentially failing to report evidence and/or knowledge of a crime to law enforcement when she learned that some of her boarders were contemplating criminal behavior. I believe even during the 19th century, withholding evidence was not a hanging offense. But the powers-that-be decided swift and brutal justice was necessary to end all contemplations of future conspiracy, and Mary Surratt was added to the list of conspirators. I wonder what Abraham Lincoln would have thought about these proceedings, and if he would have approved of the course of some of the trials. Based on what I know of Lincoln, and I'm no scholar, I would have to conclude he would have detested how these proceedings were conducted and at least altered their conduct if he had had the power to do so.
B0057A6GA6|1.0|Cool game until a particular unit called &quot;kamikaze&quot;  show up, then it just plain sucks.  Not fun, waste of time, poorly designed.\n\nUnfortunate, the game could have been a winner without that unit (or the ability to disable it or just skip the levels where that unit appears)
B004EPYZPS|3.0|Even though this film was written and directed by J.J. Abrahms, the film oozes with Spielberg-ness. The film centers around a group of kids who have much more insight and wisdom than the adults, much like ET. The military branch of the US Government moves in, trying to hide whats really happening, much like Close Encounter of the Third Kind. And there's a large hulking space creature that I guess is not quite as malicious as the creature from Alien but he's tearing up a small town. As you'll see, some of the creature's victims are treated similarly to Alien.<br /><br />The film involves a group of kids of junior high school age in 1979 shooting their own zombie-horror flick; one of whom has just lost his mother. The director Charles (played very convincingly by the young and talented Riley Griffiths), a sort of 12-year-old throwback to Orson Welles, replete with pipe, is the obsessed and ambition filmmaker doing everything he can to make a great film. He is constantly speaking of \\"production value\\". My guess is his character may have been somewhat based on the young Steven Spielberg who pressed his friends into little film projects shot with his super-8 camera back in the 1950's. The two other characters which emerge as the main focus are Joe Lamb (Joel Courtney) and Alice Dainard (Elle Fanning) two people thrust together because of their involvement with the film project who become somewhat intimate in a way that only 12-year-old's can. A supporting character of note has to be Cary, played by Ryan Lee, who carries around fire crackers just to make the older folk cringe.<br /><br />The group is shooting a scene at a train station with the boy main character and the only girl in the movie. Their production literally becomes derailed by a train wreck which obliterates everything in sight, not to mention the station, although the super-8 camera which continued to film was surprisingly untouched! Of course, this is not just a train derailment: the whole train looks like it was in the middle of the front lines in WWII. A man in a busted up pick-up, looking half-dead, who may have intentionally derailed the train, tells the kids to run for their lives. The kids escape in their car, which was also surprisingly untouched, before the military guys show up with flash-lights and guns.<br /><br />The story then moves on several fronts: the mystery of the train wreck, Charles' obsession with completing his movie, and the relationship between Joe and Alice and their parents. Eventually, when more of the mystery is revealed, the film becomes largely about a kind of reconciliation between the two kids and their parents. At a certain point, the movie-making aspect takes a back seat to the relationships of the two kids and the two adults. It seemed like Charles, the director, at one point, seems more like a supporting character.<br /><br />Although I definitely enjoyed this film, largely because of the believability of the kids which is first-rate by any standard, I was frustrated on a couple of points. I thought the movie was trying to do too many things given its parameters. To me, the relationship between the two main kid characters and their parents distracted away from the really interesting idea about the kids trying to make their movie. Also, I thought there would be a lot more about the footage which was gotten at the train wreck.<br /><br />The one character who I felt was slightly under-developed was Charles, the kid director. His screen time was sacrificed in order to develop more about the adult relationships, which I found less interesting, some of which seemed just a touch clich&eacute;. I wanted to know more about Charles, why he was shooting his films and other information. Only late in the film do we learn more about him and why he was engaging in this project.<br /><br />Two stories which are very similar to this film, Spielberg's ET and Stephen King's IT, focus almost exclusively on the kids, who they are, and what they are trying to accomplish. If a story begins about a group of kids, I think it is better for the story to stay on them rather getting off on tangents. Super-8 started out that way, but then took a bit of a side turn and focused more on a couple of the adult characters. I was sort of expecting the kids to be on the lead and in the forefront for most of the story, and I wanted them to be the ones who solve the mystery without intervention from dear-old dad. Still, a very enjoyable movie, and the acting is first-rate to take you all the way. One surprise is at the end during the credits, which was actually my favorite part of the film, but I won't give it away!of kids, I think it is better for the story to stay on them rather getting off on tangents. Super-8 started out that way, but then took a bit of a side turn and focused more on a couple of the adult characters. I was sort of expecting the kids to be on the lead and in the forefront for most of the story, and I wanted them to be the ones who solve the mystery without intervention from dear-old dad. Still, a very enjoyable movie, and the acting is first-rate to take you all the way. One surprise is at the end during the credits, which was actually my favorite part of the film, but I won't give it away!
B004EBZX6W|4.0|It analyzes the wifi signals as advertised, shows you a graph so you can see which are the strongest signals.  No crashes, installed without problems, etc.
B003YL4LYI|2.0|I absolutely loved the first three books of this series and I've enjoyed other George R.R. Martin efforts but this book was a huge disappointment. This book is technically great writing that meanders and stalls for over 1000 pages, any forward progress in the story could have been handled in under 100 pages. I could have forgiven this if I hadn't already suffered thru 'A Feast for Crows' and a 5 year wait for 'A Dance with Dragons'. I hate to say it but I'm done. Martin can obviously write the kind of books I enjoy (1-3)but he has lost me, he's not writing the same style of book now and frankly I feel cheated. This is not what I signed on for, there's no action, no surprises, little story advancement, too little information on too many characters. Put simply, this series is no longer entertaining.
B002SJIO5E|5.0|I just mananged to get my lazy butt up and watch this great movie.  I had very low expectations and was not only surprised at the story line, but amazed at how well they pulled it off.  The end leaves me wanting more, NOW, and is truly a great sign of being an enjoyable movie for all Alien / Sci-Fi readers, viewers...and like me...writers.  I am more than happy to reccomend such an enjoyable Saturday Night Movie, turn up the surround sound and enjoy.  The rating \\"R\\" is deserving and well placed.  The swearing and gore is not over done nor uneccessary.  I'm buying it now.
B0055SWM08|5.0|great music, makes brain teasers fun and relaxing, more than worth a dollar.  Amazon twenty word minimum is bloody ridiculous!
B002ZG976U|5.0|I had low expectations and they were all crushed. This is a wonderful movie, and I am amazed that Christina is such a phenomenal actress. 5 stars for an entertaining, well acted, well edited, and aesthetically pleasing movie! The love story was adorable; it was sexy and not cliche like most romances are in chick-flicks.
B002ZG97EC|4.0|Purchased for my grandchildren and they loved it.  Now when I go to visit them they will watch it again, but this time with me!!!  I can't wait.
B005D9MUWY|5.0|didn&apos;t think it was gonna work as smart as it does. predicts words very nicely great app recommend it to anyone who texts a lot
B004YEJGEO|4.0|Nice to see a physics based puzzle game that isn&apos;t an Angry Birds or Cut the Rope clone. Puzzles are clever and difficulty ramps up nicely. Controls are a little slow but still enjoyable to play. Newton would be proud. Optics ftw.
B004V9J3HM|5.0|This is more of what you would come to expect if you've listened to any of Morse's solo work or Spock's Beard.<br /><br />Excellent symphonic progressive rock akin to that of Genesis or Jethro Tull, but mostly it has an identity of its own.<br /><br />Morse's music is uplifting and incredibly powerful, both lyrically and especially instrumentally. He and his instrumentalists are truly virtuoso performers.<br /><br />You don't have to be religious to enjoy this.
B004WOS3P4|4.0|im a hard care david cook fan (i have seen him play live dozens of times) but i could only give the album 4 stars.     here are my thoughts moments after listening to TLM for the first time in its entirety:  i usually end up liking a record more after a few listens. but im not gungho about the record at all. i do see a lot of him with his heart on his sleeve and i see how it must have been great to have this cohesiveness and put these thoughts on paper and to music but i much prefer him rougher, raspier, more growly. i heard a reviewer compare it to analog heart saying it reminded them of his pre idol stuff. that got me all excited and i think its far from that. i think the first record was closer (but not by much) to AH than this one. I think the songs are beautiful in their own right. i just want harder rock. thats all. there wasn't a single hard core song on it. it was all ballad or mid tempo. i agree with the reviewer from EW who gave it a B- but thats just because i was expecting something different. from a musical standpoint if i were into more popish rock, i think the arrangements are good. so as a pop record A- as a rock record B-, hell maybe even a C for me. i think musically maybe this is where he needed to be. i wholeheartedly agree music should be a release, it should be made for the artist. something they can be proud of not just something to sell records. i love that he put out a record he wanted to. its just not for me. so in summary, i love how the record flows so perfectly between songs and comes full circle. i just wish it had more of a rock edge to it.
1401216676|5.0|Great tale centering on the Joker. A must-read for any fan of the clown or Batman<br /><br />And the artwork is some of the best I've seen in a comic.<br /><br />Buy it, you need this in your collection.
B004YEJGEO|4.0|I really like this game but it force closes constantly on my N1. I even tried uninstalling and reinstalling and it didn&apos;t help.
B0053F042G|4.0|I thought this was going to be one of those dream movies that is overdone nowadays.<br /><br />However it wasn't. It wasn't even about dreams, but something more interesting.<br /><br />It actually made sense and made me think. The whole \\"Source Code\\" program (You'll see if you watch the film... don't want to give away anything) makes sense and makes you think.<br /><br />I had to watch this for a college class and what I learned also made sense in this movie. It's so hard explaining because I don't want to give anything away.<br /><br />Anyway, I was into the whole movie the whole time and you aren't sure what would happen next. I was actually surprised at the end, and the end makes you think. It's one of those \\"HOW?!, WHAT?!\\" in a good way.
B004GYY714|5.0|I enjoy the variety. only drops when my local internet wifi drops (duh)  easy to brows,even if some of the catagories wrong. has jazz and new age listed together but only Jazz in there. new age ended up in specialty I think...
B0057A6GA6|5.0|The last update now causes the game to crash when I resume my career. Otherwise works great! Fantastic tower defense.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|Wonderful game, its a steal for free Today.  But even worth the buck it normally cost. Het it today to rack your brain!
B004YXE438|5.0|I have tried and uninstalled many puzzle apps.  This is the best so far as challenging.  It is bit more like a slider.  I love the ability to use own image.  It would be nice to set up multi players as the kids love it too.
B004YXE438|5.0|Great game works well on every level. people complaining now on the fact that there&apos;s no permissions, if there was they&apos;d have slammed it but come on really no permissions! You people are way too paranoid.\n
B001HN6918|5.0|Kung Fu Panda 2 is the funnier then KFP1.There's alot of more action.Po finds out where he came from.I hope they make Kung Fu Panda 3 in 2 years.He meets his fahter and meets his mother if she wasn't killed by the peacocks army.
0307593495|5.0|Since the world-wide success of Stieg Larsson's trilogy that began with The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, Scandinavian, especially Swedish crime novels have become the must read mysteries. The flood of recent Scandinavian crime dramas has brought up some useless flotsam, but Mankell's works, especially this one, is superb. Mankell is able to present interesting characters and detailed suspenseful plots in a delightfully written manner. People who like to read good novels and who generally avoid mysteries will enjoy this book. Few writers are able to describe the need to take a sleeping pill at night as, \\"Sadly, this seemed to be one of the few pleasures left to him: beckoning the onset of sleep by unscrewing the lid of the white bottle.\\"<br /><br /> Kurt Wallander's daughter Linda is having a baby with Hans von Enke, the son of the famed submarine commander Hakan von Enke. Something is bothering the 75 year old father. He leaves lights lit at night. He carries a gun. He persuades Wallander, a police officer, to have a drink with him. While drinking and smoking, von Enke reveals part of a story, an event some two and a half decades old, from 1982, but apparently still very significant. He is a troubled man.<br /><br /> In 1982, the Swedish government noticed that Russian submarines had invaded their waterway. One sub is virtually trapped. The government orders the dropping of depth charges to force the sub to surface. But then the government, or some high official orders that the depth charge not be dropped and to let the sub escape. Hakan von Enke is furious. This sounds like treason to him. This is a kind of invasion. Sweden was a neutral country in 1982. Did this mean that there are Russian sympathizers in the government who are furthering Russia's agenda? He complains to the Swedish Prime Minister. He had been a rising star in the military. He had received unusually quick promotions. However since he took his stand in 1982, his promotions stopped. What was going on? What was being hidden? Why is he still afraid? Then he suddenly disappears. Then his wife disappears. Readers will enjoy reading this suspenseful thriller.n? What was being hidden? Why is he still afraid? Then he suddenly disappears. Then his wife disappears. Readers will enjoy reading this suspenseful thriller.
B004Q7E0TA|5.0|Because celebrities are in the spotlight and act confident in public, the rest of society seems to buy into the act and feel like insecurity belongs to those who haven't attained fame and money, but the thing is we are all insecure about something.  For a lot of us it is how we look and who we really are.  If people really knew us would they still like or love us?  If every single bite of food isn't calorie counted will we weigh a pound more tomorrow?  What exactly is a healthy relationship with food?<br /><br />Portia became a model as a child after her father died in her quest to find validation that she was pretty, but found that in modeling she was considered a bit too heavy so she started a cycle of binging and purging to self mediate with food and then throw it up before it could be used by her body.  At a weight group meeting when she was fifteen each of the women were asked to tell some part of their body that they liked and she, as the smallest and youngest one in the group, couldn't come up with anything.  She spent years feeling that she didn't deserve to be where she was or that she wasn't getting more lines because she was too heavy.  After seeing a nutritionist she modified the eating plan and eventually ended up eating 300 calories or less a day and working out for hours a day.<br /><br />Most of us never get to this extreme, but it is easy to let thoughts of food, what to eat and what not to eat, how many calories something has and how long it will take to burn them off, become a big part of our day.  For some reason we seem to have unlearned knowing when our bodies are full or maybe fast easy food is just too prevalent.  Maybe it is fast food or being more sedentary, but when I look around I see a lot more people who are at unhealthy weights.  I know in the past year I gained weight from a combination of factors.  It seems so much easier to gain than to lose.<br /><br />I could feel Portia's pain in her writing.  When her joints started to hurt just from moving to when she passed out on the set, she just couldn't shut down her internal critic.  There is someone in my life who I feel has lost too much weight, who exercises to an extreme and I have mentioned it too her but not in a confrontational way.  I was hoping that through reading this I might find out how Portia came to see that she needed help, but she only recognized she needed help after she passed out and was treated by a doctor who told her the results to the test that were done that showed that she was going to die if she kept going like she was.  When Portia's mother and brother both told her she was too thin and cried that they were afraid she was going to die, she just told them what she thought they wanted to hear but didn't follow through on it.  I'm not sure what I am going to do because with issues like this it is hard to change someone else's mind and if I am too confrontational it may be more detrimental.when she passed out on the set, she just couldn't shut down her internal critic.  There is someone in my life who I feel has lost too much weight, who exercises to an extreme and I have mentioned it too her but not in a confrontational way.  I was hoping that through reading this I might find out how Portia came to see that she needed help, but she only recognized she needed help after she passed out and was treated by a doctor who told her the results to the test that were done that showed that she was going to die if she kept going like she was.  When Portia's mother and brother both told her she was too thin and cried that they were afraid she was going to die, she just told them what she thought they wanted to hear but didn't follow through on it.  I'm not sure what I am going to do because with issues like this it is hard to change someone else's mind and if I am too confrontational it may be more detrimental.
B003Y5H542|5.0|Great Movie and some really funny scenes. Some of the characters from Pirates of the Carribean are voices in the movie.
B004ZGI1V0|3.0|Superb plot twist but dragged down by some mundane acting.<br /><br />Bruno Ganz was given a superbly understated character with an intriguing history to fill out, then hardly any function in driving the story forward. Even the results of his own investigation aren't seen to fruition, as would be the case from a man who knows his fate.<br /><br />Worth renting.
B003YL4LYI|1.0|Incredible decline in quality from the first book to this one. The story is watered down probably in order to stretch this suffering for two more books. The characters are killed randomly and new ones introduced every few pages. The saga is turning into Mexican soap opera and it feels like bunch of non-edited pages published as \\"book\\". I thought AFFAC was suffering, but this book damaged series beyond repair. I am giving up on it. Have no intention to buy or read any further installments of this mental torture that the saga became.<br />One more thing, don't compare George R.R. Martin to Tolkien. You are diminishing the memory of great storyteller and insulting all of his fans. George had a chance with first three books to make it very big, however, he blew it.
B000935TV8|4.0|As usual Minkowski does a wonderful job with the music, but it is a miscellany not a symphony--imaginary or not. I could enjoy the music, but it did not cohere as a symphony should. There were just too many breaks with too many themes. Perhaps he should have made three symphonies; then the disjunctures would not have been so obvious. One has to note the absolutely wonderful \\"La poule\\" section. Surely Haydn must have been paying tribute to Rameau in Symphony No. 83 of the Paris symphonies.
B004YXE438|4.0|while it us fun and good for wasting time, I&apos;ve had an issue where it won&apos;t recognize when a puzzle is finished. still fun though.
B004RQVVGU|5.0|What an excellent job they did remastering this album. Plus the album is actually really good. This is the first time I ever heard the entire album and I love it.
0394492196|4.0|A very good espionage thriller. John Le Carre has was a way of building up his stories. They all start slow and tedious but build chapter by chapter into wonderful thrilling tales. This is one of his first books and is a little more detail oriented then his most recent stuff and often seems to suffer from detail overkill, but by the end of the book and we learn more and more about the story the earlier details have a way of making you feel for each character in very specific ways. The hero of the story George Smiley is just as flawed as the villan \\"Karla\\" is and I like this. So if you are into very honest detailed character leaning stories read this wonderful mole hunt espionage story.
B000002UR7|5.0|Time is a funny thing, it changes everything. This album has aged nicely with the times. I really like it, although it's not their best. This is their first album during the days of grunge and you could definately see the influence here.
B0053Q9DHW|5.0|Almost ten years ago, when I was a senior in high school, I read \\"Jane Eyre\\" by Charlotte Bronte.  As a teenager, I didn't like to read, but during the summer of 2002, I opted to read Bronte's novel from my school's summer reading list, and I fell in love with Bronte and Victorian Literature.    Since my time in high school, I have studied Romanticism and Victorian Literature during my undergraduate years and my graduate years.  I had a very passionate 80-year old, Harvard-educated professor, who could preach at the front of the classroom about such writers as Robert Browning, Elizabeth Barrett Browning, Charles Swinburne, and Dante Gabriel Rosseti.  My professor's words would transfix me; I was engaged, and I just absorbed every single utterance that would emerge from my professor's aged mouth.  Watching the newest version of this Jane Eyre film brought me back to my graduate classroom, especially, for as I watched the movie, I couldn't help to pull my eyes away from the television screen.    First off, it must be noted that the scenery is absolutely splendid.  The scenery is very reminiscent of the 2005 version of \\"Pride and Prejudice,\\" which I so dearly love, compared to the Jennifer Jason Leigh version.  If we are to focus on the scenery alone, one cannot help not to be amazed.    As for the actors, they were superb.  Judi Dench nails her role, Mia Wasikowska is splendid, and Michael Fassbender's character, Mr. Rochester, is so beautifully played.  Mia's portrayal of Jane is something to behold; she is quite talented for a young actress.    As a viewer, I very much appreciated the fact that the movie closely matched Bronte's original work.  I admit that again, it has been almost ten years since I read the work, but from what I remember, the movie is spectacular.  Also, from a scholar's perspective, I really appreciated the bits of furniture that were thrown into the movie, which closely reflected the time period.  The fainting couch is one such piece, where women would come to lay on when exhausted from love, or even in a state of sensibility.  (For more about \\"sensibility,\\" read Janet Todd's work, \\"Sensibility: An Introduction.\\")     Overall, from a scholar and a viewer's perspective, I loved the film.  My fiance, who adores history but is not a fan of British literature or British films, even liked the movie for its historical references.  All in all, it is a good movie, and I think it is something that I would share with my students if I were to teach a British Literature course, or even a Romantic/Victorian Literature course in the future.      My plea to you: Take the time to watch the movie, and even if you don't know much about the history behind it, you can certainly embrace the film for what it is--a love story.
B000020617|5.0|I thought I already reviewed this. This album is great from start to finish. It's still my third favorite Foo Fighters album as I think the first two are better. None the less its a fantastic album that brings back a lot of memories. My first time seeing the Foos live was in 1997, NYC. What a great show. Most people were there including myself because we were Nirvana fans and we wanted the chance to see Dave Grohl. My have things have changed as a new generation of fans enjoy this band and some don't even know who Nirvana were. Life amazes me.
B000PFU7OO|3.0|The album is mostly good, a little repetitive but I am glad to have received it.  The seller was quick efficient and got to me in a good condition.
B004WJREMW|2.0|Two stars because it's Paul McCartney, but this album is just so bad. It really doesn't deserve one star. It's so bad it's laughable. I want to like it, but I just can't. I may not buy all the re-issues. Although the package is very nice.
B004YXE438|5.0|This is the first app of the game\/puzzle persuasion that has lasted longer than an hour on my phone. The rest have all disappointed and been uninstalled. The different levels with choice of skill level and piece size make this an enjoyable game as it can be customized to the preferences of the user. 5 stars! Top notch game!
B004YXE438|5.0|Really like this puzzle game its fun and enjoyed it very much.  Do recommend to others. Easy to use and fun for all ages.
B004FGMDOQ|4.0|I quite enjoyed this book! I was surprised to find it listed in the young adult sci-fi/fantasy section; however, this is just what it is. Though it gives the overall impression of reading more like mainstream adult fiction, the story is centered around young adults and elements of fantasy are sprinkled in. As such, it has been some time since I've read a young adult book with such solid, detailed writing and depth to its characters. I particularly enjoyed the addition of old photographs, which helped create a sense of discovery alongside the main character.     This is a book that can be enjoyed by young and old adults alike!
1935670913|3.0|I learned about John Locke several months ago. I don't remember exactly how, but I'm sure it was via Amazon. I remember visiting his Author Profile where it was claimed at the time that someone buys one of his books every 7 seconds or something like that. I was impressed, but not enough to actually buy one of his books until this one came out.<br /><br />Being an aspiring author myself, I'm on the hunt for good information from those who've been there. There's a few things to know about John Locke:<br /><br />-  He's not writing for a living. He is already a wealthy businessman.<br />-  He has a lot of money to sink into publishing his self-admitted mediocre books.<br />-  He's not going at this as a dream or as a writer who's looking at doing ALL the work themselves.<br /><br />I guess what I'm trying to say is that I didn't find much in this book that I could relate to. He claims that he's selling us an idea he would have paid $10000 for in a 5-dollar book. The thing is, he just creatively adjusted already existing methods for book promotion.<br /><br />The bottom line is that I'd say the information is worth the 5 bucks. However, there are MUCH better books out there by more straight-forward writers who WRITE for a living. J.A Konrath and Zoe Winters both have books far more valuable than this one.
0061726826|4.0|This particular book had an interesting premise, but it fell short of my expectations for its potential. While I was reading it, I noticed I wanted more detail to emerge in general (i.e. in regards to the history of the \\"cure\\", the struggles of those trying to swim the tide against it, etc.). While the characters were believable and the story fairly readable, I found I was drawn more often to the secondary characters instead and was hoping for more development in that area, as this book certainly had the potential and room for it. However, what really did not work for me was the ending and its lack of resolution. There were too may concerns, loose ends and questions left unanswered (even if it is the beginning of a trilogy).
B003XRDYX2|5.0|No I'm not Priscilla, I'm her husband Michael...to put it mildly, Priscilla's not a Dylan disciple...(I'm working on her;)  I have all of these discs in remastered stereo so I wrestled with the need to replicate them in mono, but I decided to bite the bullet.  I was not let down...in fact I was blown away.  These were meant to be heard in Mono.  I have the Beatles sets in Stereo and Mono, while I find the Mono interesting in the Beatles case, I think it's essential in Dylan's.  Hard to explain, but I guess when its just a man and his guitar Stereo just confuses the issue.
B003EY7IRC|5.0|Reviewed at Another Look Book Reviews<br /><br />Outstanding!! I have read very few series that I would consider \\"EPIC\\". The Fever series based on the MacKayla Lane novels are EPIC. The Fever series are not light reads. They are books that immerse you from head to toe where it no longer matters what's going on around you in real life because all that matters is you that you get to the next sentence, the next paragraph, the next chapter. You need the books as a junkie needs to feed their addiction. That's because you have just become a book junkie to the core. I slept very little and forgot to eat. That my friends is an epic series. It has only happened to me a few times and this past weekend, I had such a time.<br /><br />I've heard many book reviewers say that they just can't \\"review\\" Shadowfever. I understood that statement because my all time favourite series Outlander has never been reviewed by me. I can't seem to do it. I want to but I can't formulate the words to properly do it justice. It may not be the best idea for a book review blogger to admit such a weakness but there is it. For Shadowfever I am going to give it whirl since I want to put closure on the reviews/thoughts I've held in pending status on my blog for each of the books I've read. Below are more my thoughts rather than a traditional review.<br /><br />I am sad it is over yet at the same time, Karen Marie Moning has once again left her fans on a cliffhanger by ending Shadowfever with a classic, \\"The end...\\" *click the next page on Kindle* and there it is, \\"...for now\\"<br />I haven't followed up on any forums or stalked out Karen Marie Moning's webpage (yet) to find out what's in store next for her fans but there is a big hint in the Author's Note at the end that says Karen Marie Moning is currently working on a new series set in the Fever world and a graphic novel featuring MacKayla Lane. I hope with all my heart it features Dani.<br /><br />Shadowfever/Karen Marie Moning did an excellent job tiding up and concluding the epic 5 book series. Moning wove a complicated paranormal world and literally had me gripping the books, had perspiration dripping off my nose and forehead and made me forget to eat. I. Am. Not. Kidding. I occasionally I reached for a banana but only because I was able to eat the fruit one handed. Only one other time I can remember being so involved in a series like that.<br /><br />The ending was outstanding and I did not see it coming. It was unexpected and I couldn't have asked for a better conclusion. I will not spoil for anyone and I am so happy that my friends never spoiled it for me.<br /><br />My recommendation to a newbie who is ready to crack open the Fever books is to get them all lined up so you can read one after the other. I was happy that I paused for a moment after each book to complete a review or write my thoughts after each book. For me, the Fevers were one big massive novel so I can't tell you what happened in each book. I can just discuss them as a series. I pity the fans who read them from the beginning and had to wait each year for the new book.<br /><br />I have the utmost respect for Karen Marie Moning. Her writing is off the chart fabulous as she describes, dialogues between the characters and schemed out her plot lines. She is a storyteller that legends are made of. I can't even comprehend how she created this new world on Earth or what could possibly have been her inspiration.<br /><br />There are stories within stories but they are neatly set aside as to not confuse the reader. You know where everything belongs and each of the sub-stories are woven into the main story line.<br /><br />Her characters are memorable. I will never forget MacKayla. I will read hundreds of books after this Fever series and I will never have a slip in my mind with me wondering 'who was that female character from the Moning's series again?' Nope won't happen.<br /><br />Barrons. Ok, so if you have read my Fever reviews in order I must now add this. I get it. Ok! I get it. He too is epic. I'm a fan. After being rather frustrated with him for almost all of the 4 previous books, I get it. I admire him and there is no one else for MacKayla. No one!<br /><br />So in conclusion as I wrap up the Fever series, I will say that this one of the best series I have ever read. Top 5 of all time for sure. There are times where I need to make a new rating because 5 out of 5 doesn't do it justice.<br /><br />Teasers - runes, story twist, dark lake, elixirrather frustrated with him for almost all of the 4 previous books, I get it. I admire him and there is no one else for MacKayla. No one!     So in conclusion as I wrap up the Fever series, I will say that this one of the best series I have ever read. Top 5 of all time for sure. There are times where I need to make a new rating because 5 out of 5 doesn't do it justice.     Teasers - runes, story twist, dark lake, elixir
B000JQUMPI|5.0|This is a coming of age tale chonicling the lives of the March Sisters.  Jo March being the real main character.  If you have enjoyed the movie.  Then you will love the book as it does continue past where the movies left off.  With a loving mother and a father off to war the girls find themselves working, living and laughing.  ITs an amazing book.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|I have done the first few levels, and I find it very enjoyable.  It definitely requires more thinking than the average game, but in my opinion that's a good game.  Worst case scenario, you uninstall it (it is free today!).  I probably would have paid for this game if I had known how good it is!
1590171993|5.0|\\"Stoner\\" is the kind of book that sneaks up on you. Williams's tone is pure gravity: the sort of solemn, quiet, old-school realism that in less able hands would surely sink the prose. The novel's eponymous protagonist, William Stoner, defines mediocrity: \\"He did not rise above the level of assistant professor, and few students remembered him with any sharpness after they had taken his courses. . . . Stoner's colleagues, who held him in no particular esteem when he was alive, speak of him rarely now.\\" Williams enhances Stoner's story with very little in the way of humor, although there are frequent glimmers of pleasure (his discovery of literature, an academic career, a wife, a child, a loved one--each of them dashed or disappointed). The tone of this faux biography remains consistently somber: \\"His name is a reminder of the end that awaits them all.\\"<br /><br />Yet William Stoner and his story both haunt me, many months after I've finished reading it. Against the odds, Williams has created an icon: a son of impoverished farmers who leaves home to achieve a middle-class comfort but who finds his goals thwarted by fate and adversity. His newfound passion for literature leads to a troubled career; the love of a women leads to a failed marriage. He is like most of us: starting out with great ambitions and even love and inevitably realizing that the actuality of life will never deliver the promise of our youthful dreams. In spite of the solemnity of this theme, somehow, remarkably, the book is never boring. In fact, when Stoner goes up against his intellectual antagonist, an unprincipled professor in the English department, the resulting imbroglio is riveting. (The sections where students take their oral exams or present their papers, acting unwittingly as conduits for their battling professors, remind me of the intensity of the Talmudic debates in Chaim Potok's novels.)<br /><br />John Williams assures us that none of the characters are modeled after his colleagues at the University of Missouri, where he taught for many decades, a generation later than the fictional William Stoner. But the academic sniping and the petty grievances ring true nonetheless. In the same way, the debacle of his honeymoon and marriage (\\"within a month he knew that his marriage was a failure; within a year he stopped hoping that it would improve\\") are poignantly portrayed, with blame (or lack of blame) falling equally between completely incompatible partners--who employ their daughter as a weapon in scenes that parallel the unsubtle ways Stoner's colleagues use their students.<br /><br />If it all sounds like a downer--well, it has to be. But, in this age of superheroes and billionaires, William Stoner triumphs in his forgettable mediocrity. His is a life worth reading. I'm sure Williams himself would be stunned by this novel's incredible renaissance, and there's no way to understate the irony that both author and character will be remembered and admired long after they lived and died.Missouri, where he taught for many decades, a generation later than the fictional William Stoner. But the academic sniping and the petty grievances ring true nonetheless. In the same way, the debacle of his honeymoon and marriage (\\"within a month he knew that his marriage was a failure; within a year he stopped hoping that it would improve\\") are poignantly portrayed, with blame (or lack of blame) falling equally between completely incompatible partners--who employ their daughter as a weapon in scenes that parallel the unsubtle ways Stoner's colleagues use their students.    If it all sounds like a downer--well, it has to be. But, in this age of superheroes and billionaires, William Stoner triumphs in his forgettable mediocrity. His is a life worth reading. I'm sure Williams himself would be stunned by this novel's incredible renaissance, and there's no way to understate the irony that both author and character will be remembered and admired long after they lived and died.
0345529057|3.0|The product itself is great, the bad thing is that after paying more than 25 dollas just for shipping (more thatn the cost of the books), I expected to receive a well packed product, the box set of the books came dented in all of its corners, even though it was packaged in bubble wrap so I became to the idea that the box set was already denten before being packaged. The shipping was fast, getting here before the estimated time, but I would have prefered to sacrifice a couple of days o waiting, to get my package in mint condition.
B004LWZW24|3.0|\\"The Others.\\"  Now, that is classic, makes-you-shudder, can't-get-it-out-of-your-head SCARY.  \\"Insidious\\" reached for the stars and didn't even make it to the tree tops.  As everyone seems to agree, the first part of the movie was promising.  The second part, however, was swamped with cheap thrills, cartoon make-up and amateur special effects.  I was disappointed and amused.  With an actor like Barbara Hershey on board, I was expecting much, much more.  I have to give it three stars, however, because I loved the two bumbling ghost hunters.
B004YXE438|2.0|Could be fun if it did not pause constantly. Spend more time un pausing than playing. Other than that it is fun
B004SCN2F6|3.0|Nice game, but it is too easy to die with your basic ship.. don&apos;t see a big difference with paid version.
B003F3NDWG|5.0|Even an order from Germany worked fine: very fast, good packed.  I think I do not have to give a comment on the DVD itself: I really  like it!
0634014331|3.0|While this book is a bit beyond my current playing level, hopefully I'll be able to make use of it in the future. So while I can't comment on its usefulness yet, its obvious shortcoming is the way it's bound. Any book containing sheet music should be in a binding that stays open on a music rack. How a publisher could overlook this fact is beyond me.
0061974307|4.0|I read this book aloud with my 9 year old daughter.  It was amazing.  Wonderful experience and thought provoking.  It brought up many questions of why girls are treated differently in other countries.  No romance in it or inappropriateness.  The ending was not what either one of us expected either.  We enjoyed the shorter chapters and seeing the view from different people within the book.  I believe it is a must read!
B004YXE438|5.0|Top quality app for kids save money for parents to get puzzle games on regular intervals amazing thought by developers
0896898288|5.0|the entire quilt is gorgeous, but even if you use it for just the blocks alone it's a great book.
0553801473|4.0|Is it everything I hoped it would be?<br /><br />No.<br /><br />But do I still love the characters, the world and George RR Martin's writing?<br /><br />YES!!!<br /><br />I don't understand how everyone can say \\"nothing happens.\\" To me, a lot happened. They just weren't events on the scale of ASoS - or ACoK for that matter. I didn't mind reading about Tyrion's long journey down the river - because I love Tyrion. I didn't mind reading about Jon's meetings with Bowen Marsh bickering over foodstuffs - because I adore Jon. I didn't mind seeing Dany mess up left and right because I love her and think it's appropriate for her to start making some serious mistakes that have real consequences - leading to some real character growth.<br /><br />AFFC and ADwD have elements that bugged me, elements that weren't present or not noticed in the first three volumes. But I love the story too damn much to really care. I will keep reading as long as GRRM keeps writing. Can't wait for The Winds of Winter, and it will come out when it comes out.
1400052181|4.0|Henrietta Lacks' cancer cells were the first human cells successfully grown outside of the body.  Henrietta's cells have been the cause of  many scientific and medical breakthroughs - like the cure for Polio.<br /><br />The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is not just a book about science and medical history, it's also about Henrietta's family and how they struggled during her illness and after her death.  The family couldn't even afford a gravestone for their mother but companies were making billions of dollars off of her cancer cells.  In the 70's researchers wanted to better understand Henrietta's genetics and began to contact the Lacks family to request blood samples.  This is how her family finds out that Henrietta's cells were being used for research.  They can't take their mother's cells back (they are in thousands of labs around the world and literally tons of cells) nor can they get any restitution because of the statute of limitations and it would mean suing thousands of labs and companies around the world.  Henrietta's daughter wonders if her mother died of her cancer or if her doctors let her die because of her cancer cells (this is the time of the Tuskegee syphilis experiment).  Did her mother get adequate health care or was she simply a science experiment?  Healthy and cancerous parts of her cervix and been removed and sent to another doctor for study - all without her knowledge or permission.  Henrietta later died in a great deal of pain after eight months of treatments.  Towards the end of the book, I think it was her grandson who pointed out that he didn't \\"want to mess up science\\" by trying to stop the use of the HeLa cells but restitution would have been nice all those years ago.<br /><br />This book is guaranteed to upset if not anger you.  It's not just the family's grinding poverty while others prospered, but the question of who really owns your body.  Pharmaceutical companies today are trying to patent genomes and the like (there are over several thousand patents involving HeLa cells), they want to own part of the human body.  It wasn't that long ago that labs could keep your tissue samples, send them out, experiment on them, maybe even make money off it without telling you.  Not all tissue samples are destroyed, some get stored for later testing or experimentation long after you've left the hospital.  So, do you own your body, did you give up parts of it, and can companies own it?  Should they pay you or your family anything after they did all of the work?<br /><br />You don't need a science degree to understand the science in The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.  Skloot explains things clearly and mixes the science in with the story of the Lacks family.  This is an incredibly well researched book (she worked closely with the Lacks family) that really makes the reader think.  It's also a book that you can pick up and put down, not because it's uninteresting, but because sometimes you need the time to digest the information.  I highly recommend giving it a try, even if it's not in your usual genre of choice.  It's an important book not only because it makes you think about medical ethics, bioethics, and ownership of your body, but also because this Henrietta Lacks touched your life and you never even knew it.Featured at an Abundance of Books, read full review here - [...]ents involving HeLa cells), they want to own part of the human body.  It wasn't that long ago that labs could keep your tissue samples, send them out, experiment on them, maybe even make money off it without telling you.  Not all tissue samples are destroyed, some get stored for later testing or experimentation long after you've left the hospital.  So, do you own your body, did you give up parts of it, and can companies own it?  Should they pay you or your family anything after they did all of the work?    You don't need a science degree to understand the science in The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.  Skloot explains things clearly and mixes the science in with the story of the Lacks family.  This is an incredibly well researched book (she worked closely with the Lacks family) that really makes the reader think.  It's also a book that you can pick up and put down, not because it's uninteresting, but because sometimes you need the time to digest the information.  I highly recommend giving it a try, even if it's not in your usual genre of choice.  It's an important book not only because it makes you think about medical ethics, bioethics, and ownership of your body, but also because this Henrietta Lacks touched your life and you never even knew it.Featured at an Abundance of Books, read full review here - [...]
0307577589|5.0|Thoroughly entertaining - a well written, suspenseful story that made the miles fly by on my two days of driving.  The CD's were in good shape and were mailed promptly by the seller.
0739375970|1.0|This is not a book review, it is an audiobook performance review. The voice actor that was brought on to do this recording is absolutely horrible. His name is Roy Dotrice, and he's the same guy they used for all the other ASOIAF audiobooks except for Feast for Crows. Feast was done by John Lee, who was amazing. Apparently most ASOIAF fans disliked him for some reason. I suppose they enjoy listening to Dotrices bored and droll narration and horribly constructed character voices and not the work of someone like John Lee, who can perform these rare vocal feats like make a female character sound like a female character, or a young character sound young. Lee also reads dialogue as it would sound in a true conversation, and each voice is uniquely different and understandable, but not so annoyingly overdone that it becomes ridiculous. John Lee's recording was a joy to listen to, and his performance and vocal talents were so refreshing and immersive that it gave me a new appreciation for the series as a whole. Roy Dotrice is another story altogether. He's loved by fans, and I cant imagine why. Perhaps they are all half deaf. I don't know. i just know that Dotrices narrations are a joke, and no one should believe for even a second that he is more skilled than John Lee. His voice is boring, and he sounds bored reading. He makes absolutely every character sound around twenty years older than they truly are. Every woman sounds like a man, and every man sounds like some british vagabond who cant speak correctly, but only in short and monotone word fragments that are saturated with abrasive accents that all pretty much sound the same. He literally makes all characters sound dimwitted or slow. Each one is more off putting than the next. He speaks so slowly that by the end of the sentence all the realism is sucked out of whatever was said, especially when he's reading dialogue. I found myself shaking my head in disbelief at most points in his recording, and even becoming irritableat the apparent lack of energy or effort he puts into his narration. There is no flow or rhythm to his sentences, and he only truly uses around four voices for this plethora of amazingly unique characters. Tyrion and Jamie sound exactly the same. Every minor character sounds like an old man, and every woman sounds like shes ninety and about to die. Their is no creativity whatsoever in his vocal choices, flow, or inflection, and his pronunciations sound dull and lacking. How can I take this audiobook seriously if I cant even get past the incredibly abrasive narrator who sounds like he could care less that he's even reading a book? John Lees vocal interpretations were spot on. His Inflections were creative and charming and his narrations and descriptions draw you in and paint a picture of what he's reading. Roy Dotrice just makes you want to wait for the TV show. I believe that having him come back to read this book is doing a disservice to the entire series, and to the wonderful characters that live within. Don't buy this audiobook if you are a fan of listenable audiobooks that are done by true professional voice actors who would expand and enrich the experience of this series rather than bore you to death with total vocal banality.
0749942010|4.0|Beatrice gets a call from her mother that her sister Tess is missing and she leaves New York to go to London to find out what happened. The narrative, in the form of a letter to her sister, describes what Beatrice found when she arrived and her own investigation into her sister's death. The police have ruled it a suicide but Beatrice knows her sister and knows that she would never have done that. Her discoveries about the life her sister was living surprise her; she wonders if she really did know her sister as well as she thought she did. Was the death of Tess really a suicide or was it murder? If so, who did it?   Once I got into the style of writing in this book, I had a hard time putting it down. Not only is it well written, but there's enough mystery, twists and turns to keep readers guessing. It is also a beautiful story of sisters and the love they share. Not sure how I feel about the ending, but overall really enjoyed this book. A quick read!
B004EPYZP8|4.0|I don't usually like legal drama/thrillers, I find them very boring.  But I really liked Matthew McConaughey is an actor I really like, so I checked it out, and I am really glad I did!<br /><br />***SPOILERS***<br /><br />There were so many twists and turns and surprises in this thing that I was constantly on my toes.  The ending really surpised the heck outta me.  The way the family tried to pin the murder of the main character's friend on him by using his own gun was awesome!<br /><br />Not to mention the surprise about how psycho the mother of the killer was really surprised me and I didn't see it coming!<br /><br />***END SPOILERS***<br /><br />You gotta check this one out!
B004YEJGEO|5.0|This game is a lot of fun and some of the puzzles require you to think outside the box while others are really easy to over-think.
B004YEJGEO|3.0|I read that this is a great game, bit it needs some kind of guidance for NEW users. So I can drag and drop pieces.  What next? They do nothing and there is no clue what I&apos;m supposed to do.
0307946711|5.0|I adored this book. It's funny and smart and so utterly heartbreaking.     Nicholls is brilliant at making characters come to life: we see them walk and hear them talk, smell their perfume and shaving cream, feel their needs, wants, their sorrow. We want to hug them, shout at them, sometimes even knock them over their heads. We KNOW them, would recognize them in a crowd. The authenticity blew me away.     I loved the dialogue. I was a happy fly on the wall listening in on all the characters' great conversations. The dialogue is head-on, not just the witticisms of the main characters, Dexter and Emma, but the smaller characters, from Dexter's tired, beautiful mother to Emma's sad sack boyfriend, Ian, the principal in Emma's school, Dexter's bubbly girlfriend Suki -- they all came to life in dialogue.     Nicholls did a great job, too, at allowing us to see and understand how we can start out one way, but end up a whole other person once life gets a hold of us. Tracing the lives of Dexter and Emma on one day in July, for twenty years, was a clever choice. In any case, it was a pleasure watching Emma and Dexter grow and mature.     This is a must read for everyone who enjoys intelligent entertainment, who likes a great love story, and who is delighted by real characters in real situations.
B004X8W42M|3.0|I mostly was influenced to read this book by all the reviews that said it made them laugh a lot. Being a person who rarely laughs at anything, I thought I'd give it a shot, figuring that I was long overdue for a good laugh; but much to my disappointment, when I finally got the book and read it, I didn't even so much as chuckle slightly.    Having just finished the autobiography, I can't really imagine what everyone found so funny. The thing is mostly repetitious, mostly just focusing on a lot of endless drug and alcohol abuse. The book could have elaborated more on his early life, the thoughts and motives that influenced the writer of the book, things of that sort. Instead, we just get a sense that everything was simply random: grow up in a small town in England, act crazy and rebellious, have a few nice coincidences work in your favor, and presto--instant rock star.    Between, the constant over-drinking, passing out, ending up in the hospital for swallowing too many pills, the blackouts, etc. there is very little substance here. Though the dove story was interesting, it was very brief. The Alamo story, also very brief. The bat story or his touring with Motley Crue, hardly a word. What went into the songwriting and relationship-wise, this book tells very little of and gives little sense of any intellectual processes that went on throughout any of the experiences told about. In the end, it comes off as just another story of a bum that made it. Or just about some rebellious person (no real explanation of what he rebelled against, really) who was at the right place at the right time.    At any rate, still fun to read for its price, especially if you can't find it in a library. I was pretty fascinated by all the self-abuse stories, and could not believe that a person could even survive what he survived. It's fascinating he didn't end up like Steve Clark or that guy from Milli-Vanilli. Something out there must definitely be looking out for Mr Osbourne, I'd imagine; at least that's something interesting to observe. All the same, there ARE much better biographies out there than this one. At least, this one alone just isn't enough. We may hope for something better in the near future.
0439023521|5.0|I flew through the whole series in three days and was so sad when I was done. All of my friends- 30 sonethings- are crazy about the Hunger Game Series!
B003YFIUW8|5.0|The world is filled with horrible crimes, including kidnapping and rape.  This story, stolen from the headlines of such figures as Elizabeth Smart and Jaycee Lee Dugard, treats such a crime with compassion for the victims.  The main character's mother was kidnapped at 19 by a man who has hidden her in a soundproof shed for seven years now.  Jack, the narrator was born five years ago and has not known anything but Room, the 11 by 11 space where he and Ma have been living.  The author treats us to the viewpoint of a precocious yet naive five-year-old whom Ma has taken care to educate in the best way she can.  As you read, you will fall in love with Jack and his struggle to understand that there is more to the world than Room.  I laughed and cried, but mostly I loved this book.
B0052UZIFA|4.0|My kids and I love this game. It is very slow to load and I also lost my saved game once (Samsung Epic) but otherwise it&apos;s loads of fun.
B004YEJGEO|4.0|It gets way too complex too quickly. The game should spend a bit more time working the mirrors before bringing in the prisms. Unfortunately a lot of people will get frustrated with it in the first few levels before they feel like their invested in it. Also, giving people a few levels to become adjusted to the tools will help train them for more complex levels later. Other than that, I have no complaints, it&apos;s awesome and a great game to distract you for a bit.
B004YEJGEO|4.0|Lots of fun to play when you have time to burn. Challenging and entertaining. One of the better Apps Amazon has offered for free app of the day.
B004YXE438|4.0|great app only way it can be better is if we were able to add photos to use instead of only having the preset ones . But as far as the app goes it is great and you can go easy to hard per puzzle game. As others have said great time killer and great way to keep your mind thinking.
B004VMVTNU|5.0|it really does deserve all the five star reviews. The stock alarm on my phone would only allow me to snooze twice, which sucked. this is a great app.
B0053Q9DHW|4.0|I'm a huge Jane Eyre fan. I own several copies of the book & have seen various adaptions of the movie. I first fell in love with the 1944 movie with Orson Welles & Joan Fontaine. I was looking forward to watching this, I like the choice of actors & trailers seemed promising. I can say that overall, I enjoyed the movie. I understand that no movie will ever be able to show the entire story unless they want to make a 4 hour movie so I try to keep my expectations realistic. The actors were wonderful. The movie did a great job of making you like the characters & feel their desire to be together. Even though I know what happens, I still found my heart pounding the first time Mr. Rochester touched Jane's hand. This adaption largely focused on Mr. Rochester & Jane's relationship. My only disappointment is that we didn't see more of what Jane went through as a child. There are other areas skimmed over that I won't mention for those that aren't already familiar with the story. Perhaps just an additional 30 minutes added to the film would have allowed for these parts to be shown more. However, overall, I think this movie did the story justice & I enjoyed it.
B0052UZIFA|4.0|great game, we loved it on the ps3, my only complaint with this version is that it does not have the zen garden . aside from that, very fun game. runs great on my sprint samsung galaxy.
B000GCFO0S|4.0|Silent Hill the Movie gives perfect justice to an often misunderstood series (of video games). The movie is as surreal and subtle in depicting its own brand of horror as it can get. Are the threats psychological, supernatural or inter-dimensional in nature? It's up to the viewer to interpret the unwinding of the plot. I don't want to meander anymore on how I feel about the quality of Silent Hill's themes, but sufficing to say, it is worth the ride. The film will be an excellent addition to any horror fan's library and it's not the typical B-film or slasher type of horror. It's cerebral and it may perhaps be an acquired taste than the usual hack and slash flicks.<br /><br />Now let's move on to the Bluray itself, since this is the only flick of Silent Hill and Silent Hill 2 has yet to come out in theaters, I am forced to rate this at 4. There are in fact no features or commentaries on this item. I only get a few trailers of other films, that's it. Bummer, right? It would've been so awesome if they added some more features, but again I'm suspecting that since Silent Hill was a sleeper hit, the producers didn't want to invest too much on a questionable Hollywood brand. Hopefully the second flick will help add momentum to the brand (whether in videogames or in film).
B0034DGPEU|3.0|It is a shame to write a negative review - I have a great admiration for writers.  I finished The Help and was so bereft I looked around for another book immediately.  I thought based on the reviews that this would be a good read.  The quality of the writing does not compare.  To be fair the story line is interesting and it has been well researched historically which is why I gave it 3 stars however it is peppered with \\"thrilled\\", \\"eagerly\\", \\"excitedly\\" which makes it turgid and heavy going.
B004YEJGEO|4.0|I love this game.  it reminds me of an old PC game called Laser Chess\n\nMy only complaint is that the colors are slightly off.  For some odd reason,  the purple targets look blue on my LG Optimus S, and it makes some of the splitting puzzles difficult - but overall, it&apos;s a great puzzle game.
B0051CSI0G|5.0|Every once in a while you get a movie where the main antagonist isn't the most dangerous. That's the case with Stake Land, a vampire movie where the bloodsuckers are the obvious bad guys, but are by no means the most dangerous.  In Stake Land there has been an outbreak of vampirism, and humanity has been splintered into lone travelers and small communities. The communities operate on a barter system and rely on the travelers to bring in food, medicines, tools, and luxury items. And everyone waits for confirmation of the safe zone in the north, New Eden.    Mister (Nick Damici - Mulberry Street) is a loner who saves Martin (Connor Paolo - Gossip Girl) from the vampire attack that killed his parents. Instead of dropping Martin at one of the communities, Mister is training him to become a vampire hunter, one of the most respected and needed commodities on this frontier. Along the way they team up with pregnant waitress, Belle (Danielle Harris - Hatchet 2), war veteran Willie (Sean Nelson - The Taking of Pelham 1-2-3) and with a woman of the cloth, Sister (Kelly McGillis - Top Gun), who they have also saved from a couple of rapists from the Brotherhood.     The Brotherhood is an organization that uses radio broadcasts offering salvation and safety, then keeps women for recreation, as long as they are usable, robs travelers, recruits the willing and the unwilling become bait. One of their favorite ways to take over an enclave is by dropping captured vampires into community, waiting for the carnage to conclude, and enter the camp to loot and take prisoners. This pleasant group is led by Jebedia Loven (Michael Cerveris - Fringe), and he has taken a personal interest in the demise of Mister, for the killing of his son, one of the rapists. He continues to broadcast his propaganda, but has added a description and reward for Mister and Martin. If you didn't see that coming the next couple run-ins with each other will surprise you.    Stake Land is your classic good versus evil, with a refreshingly simple character development. The good guys are good, and the bad guys are bad. When Mister takes Martin under his wing, there is no doubt it's so Martin will be able to learn to take care of himself, and know that there are people that care about you. The same goes for Jebedia and his merry band. He has no compassion for others and will take care of himself at the expense of anyone who has what he wants. Another aspect of this movie that sets this apart from other post apocalypse is the authenticity of the settings. The abandoned buildings and stark landscape paints an odd picture of desperation and hope, hope that the buildings will someday be inhabited.    I'm not a Special Features sort of person, beyond deleted scenes, blooper reels, and the occasional commentary, but this movie has a feature I hadn't seen done with the finesse of this one. Stake Land has seven character prequels, though one is an origin short, which gives some sort of an insight to the main characters. Some of the prequels show events that lead up to the characters introduction in the movie, and some are an event that develops the character into what they became.  Special Features:    2 Feature Length Cast and Crew Commentaries  Going for the Throat: The Making of Stake Land  Character Prequels: 7 Short Films  Video Diaries: Pre-production - Storyboards - Visual FX - Post-Production  Toronto International Film Festival Premier and Q&A  Karl's Scores:    Acting - A+  Setting - A+  Special Effects - A+  Creep Factor - A+  Tension - A  What the Heck Moments - Too many to count  Overall - A+    Stake Land is one of those movies that you could pick to pieces, but you just don't want to. If you kibitz the movie in any way, you would ruin the relationship you develop with the characters, so you accept what they do, in the places they do it. And you hope there really is a New Eden.    ComicsOnline gives Stake Land 5 berserker vampires out of 5 Brotherhood lackeys.    Get your copy of Stake Land on Blu-ray at Amazon.com.    Keep ComicsOnline.com at the top of your favorites for more horror reviews and news.
B00095NX9G|3.0|dont let the missing star fool you.. i love this video. the yoga work out alone was worth the purchase. the dance instruction is good.. but not great for a beginner.  some of the steps you have to watch closely because she does them so smooth and elegantly you cant really be sure what youve just seen. after a few tries though you can get the hang of it (a mirror is helpful) and its a good feeling work out that leaves you feeling light and relaxed.  I havent tried the choreographed video yet so this is based only on the dance techniques video.    I wanted to update my review as I have gotten more into the different drills. They are not all for beginners. I feel that the instruction in the yoga section is good and the legs section is also fairly good (until the last bit of the work out) However in the shimmy section suddenly the instruction dies off.. she will just give you a VERY general instruction like start with a big shimmy. she never shows how to do the shimmy. it is easy enough to figure out the basic step but the further you get into this exercise the more complex and difficult it is, she doesn't slow down and show you how to do any of it.    Again. Updating. i finally watched the second disc. the Yoga portion is good.. the rest of the disc is worthless to me. HOWEVER! the first disc was worth the money spent, so i don't really feel robbed of anything.
B004FOA84A|4.0|I want more levels.  great stuff though.  don&apos;t be a jerk and make a sequel and then make us pay again.  it wasn&apos;t worth two bucks because it was so short.
B004LWZW24|5.0|If you are a horror fan and creepy dark movie scenes make you grin and you love the idea of - something - some dark, dangerous thing standing in a shadow hidden corner then this is the movie for you.  Incidious (not a good title, if you ask me) provides all the genuine jolts needed at regular intervals to create tension and fear. The dark, quiet atmosphere is an added bonus.  You will never hear the tune - 'Tiptoe thru the tulips' - again in the same way after sitting through this one.  They use it the way the movie Jeepers Creepers used the tune - well, 'Jeepers Creepers'.  I just wish I had seen this movie in the theater.  The sound must have been great.  Here in my living room it was mostly just uneven.  A suggestion if this one comes along to a movie theater near you this Halloween - go alone, hunker down, dive into a giant tub of buttered popcorn and enjoy.  I know I will.
B0052UZIFA|3.0|just like the title, loads excruciatingly slow. I&apos;d also like all of the same game play options and capabilities as the version I have on my iPod touch. it took long enough to get any update at all for the iPod though, I can only imagine how long a release for android will take.
B003V4AK8E|3.0|[[VIDEOID:mo1IGXGO3OMKSTE]]The phone number for support is 888-664-4327. On the PowerA.com website in the playstation area they have the number as 624 which is wrong and gets you to a Mommy and me company. I never actually talked to anyone in support but I did get the answering machine at each business.<br /><br />The instructions say the unit can be charged on any USB compliant port. Which I took to mean my PC. The lights blinked as it was described they would. The unit did charge. But I could not get it to sync until I finally hit the tiny reset button on the controller (underneath just like on a regular ps3 controller) You have to poke something in there.<br /><br />The size of the controller is bigger than the regular PS3. I like the PS3 size better. I thought the response of the controller was fine. I did not have much trouble getting used to the different layout. My son plays Xbox all the time and likes the controller much more than I do.<br /><br />You can turn the lights off and on if you want to. You cannot tell which player you are by the lights. The website says this stopped working with the 3.5 Playstation update. I've got 3.66 update currently on my PS3. The sixaxis features all seem to work fine (rumble, tilt etc)
B0002YLC24|5.0|--Includes Spoilers--    I've had Before Sunrise and Before Sunset on my Netflix queue for the past four years and just couldn't get around to watching it. Something finally triggered last night, and I finally decided to start up Before Sunrise. And, once I finished Before Sunrise, I wanted to know more about the characters fate? Did they return on December 16th? What is their relationship now? Have they found love? Before Sunset answers those questions, and poses a few more (one significant question) is asked about Jesse and Seline's relationship.     The dialogue in Before Sunset is even better than Before Sunrise. The characters are older, wiser, and have come to realize that none of their relationships since their one night meeting have come close. They vent frustration and anger and sorrow. It's generally attributed that much of Hawke's own personal divorce from ex-wife contributed to this dialogue about his loveless, sexless marriage.     The ending is ambiguous, but completely in character and consistent with the first film and the observation that Jesse points out about the three journalists: romanticist, the pessimist, and the hopeful realist. It's up to the viewer, whether he or she is a romanticist, pessimist, or hopeful realist to decide at the end of Before Sunrise whether the characters decide to make something more of this second chance at a connection.     In this humble reviewer's opinion, Jesse and Seline do re-connect their relationship. In the van ride to Seline's apartment, Jesse vents frustration about his loveless marriage and Seline reaches out with her right hand to touch his head. Jesse continues to delay going to the airport so that he can spend a few more minutes with Seline. In Seline's apartment, he finally convinces her to play him a song-- which is a Waltz about their one night encounter. He plays an upbeat Nina Simone track. All this seems to be initiated by Jesse, but that last line by Seline \\"You're going to miss your flight\\" is one that she's repeated several times before. And, Jesse's very last line \\"I know\\" along with his subtle, tugging of the wedding ring shows that time will not constrain their relationship. As in Before Sunrise and Before Sunset, it was Jesse's time limits that constricted their relationship development. Jesse makes known that time won't play the same role. That's why I'm more than just hopeful, I believe they re-connect-- I'd love to see a third film that confirms that possibility.     Camera work is excellent. Completely consistent with Before Sunrise, it is shot in real-time with rolling shots of the cobblestone streets, gardens, and the Seine river in the background. Fewer eccentric characters than in the first film. (i.e. \\"milkshake\\" poet)     Both Hawke and Delpy have unbelievable chemistry. Their performances are believable. Seline has such amazing charm and her dance at the end of the film just can't help but make you smile. Jesse has grown up, and his romantic views, which were so prevalent in Sunrise, are subdued in this film. Instead it is Seline's views, her pessimism, her doomed romances that largely initiate the conversation until Jesse responds that he has experienced the same.     At 85 minutes, this movie runs briskly-- but is compacted with such emotion, sexual tension, and character development and exploration that it just feels so satisfying. Again, like the first film, it's refreshing to see a movie that doesn't need to resort to showing nudity or gratuitous sex or imagery to attract an audience. This is indeed an intellectual, romantic drama.     Highly, highly recommended.
B003BWERF8|5.0|This device works perfectly with the iPod Nano 6th gen.  The sound through my Motorola s10 HD is superb (once you use the correct size ear buds. The size of the ear buds affects the sound so it can be tailored to what you like).  The iPod Nano has to be re-charged after every workout since the i10s uses a lot of the Nano's battery.  My workouts are slightly less than 2 hours.    Both the Pro's and Con's are the same.  The extremely small size and light weight is a plus.  The con is the same.  It can easily slip out of your fingers when attaching and detaching so be careful. I don't need to have some one  (or me) step on it or have it slide under a locker (that happened).    I definitely recommend this product.  A friend of mine also bought one (he also has other brands) and loves it as well.
B004QSQMKE|3.0|As a fan of Ridley Scott, I understand the reasoning for releasing the movie in a director's cut edition.  And I understand people's disappointment in purchasing something that they thought might be something else.  BUT...why wouldn't you research before you buy?  Or read the synopsis?  I have the ultimate edition and like both versions of the film but would not have purchased either by itself on DVD or Blu Ray if it was only one version.  Ridley did a similar thing with Alien but was convinced into adding the scenes he originally removed.  And that version honestly is a mockery of the original.  Either way I get why people could be upset if they are a true fan of the original movie soundtrack.  I own the cassette and cd of it myself.  Jon Anderson's Loved by the Sun won't leave my head now for another year.
B004RKSAU6|5.0|My mother wanted the book after she saw Julie/Julia.  I bought it for her.  It arrived promptly and she immediately had to try a few of the recipes, she's 81.  We then started putting post it notes on the recipes we want to make and try.  She has a new drive for cooking and I'm having a blast watching her in her new found pleasure.  I'm going to buy the other books for her for Christmas!!!!
B002KKCWIG|5.0|These sandals are the most comfortable I have ever worn.   They have a good supporting arch and the sole looks strong so hopefully will last some time.  Very happy with them and a perfect fit for me.
B004LL1HMY|5.0|Fleet Foxes are the first group of artists that I've ever heard naturally emulate what Earth sounds like. With textures and voices that are organic and breathe, they resemble a time that is simpler than the one we live. Dynamically, the high points are intense and full of energy - the lows, subtle and quaint. Favorite of 2011.
B004VUP8WK|4.0|Let me just start by saying I started listening to Death metal like 16 years ago.... and I've heard most of it.  I don't know what people expected when they bought this, but I am amazed to see that it got so many awful reviews.  I still think they have the most original sound and most talented musicians out of any Death Metal band excluding Deicide.  I'm honestly not even a big fan of metal anymore, but this album was good enough for me to listen to it all the way through.  \\"Industrial\\"??? I don't hear it.  I know what industrial sounds like, and this is definitely not it.  It's still death metal to _me_, but I don't know what all you new metal kids are expecting these days.  Maybe the lyrics aren't Satanic enough because they GREW UP?  Maybe they stopped reading the Necromnomicon?  I don't know about the rest of you, but I still hear blazing vocals from Vincent (finally brought back!), amazing guitar solos from Trey (the best death metal guitarist ever), and the intensity that makes them the best band left in this genre.  I've tried listening to death metal from many other sources, and it never has the quality that Morbid Angel has brought to the table.    Maybe I'm out of touch because I haven't listened to too much \\"modern\\" death metal, but I can't believe people smashing this album so hard.  Get it yourself and make your own decisions.  I personally found it to be really good.    ***    Ok, I just finally got to the last 2 songs.  I guess this is why everyone is complaining?  Sorry that they aren't \\"eeeeevil\\" anymore.  Stop worshipping the Devil and open your mind a little bit.  These songs are a little more \\"mainstream\\" and \\"groovy\\" and I can see the comparison to Rob Zombie, sure.  But it doesn't ruin the album (which is still 90% \\"death metal\\" to me).
B004XE0TDW|4.0|What a great record with some unique textures and feels. No one else is doing what Bon Iver is doing right now...yet. I'm confident this will catch on to other artists. but no one has Bon Iver's voice.
B002OSY2T6|5.0|I have bought this toy for my baby when she was 6 months old. She was rolling over at that time. She used to play very well with this toy, Not to mention, but she has learned to rotate because of this toy.
1402210086|3.0|\\"Cotillion\\" is a light-hearted historical romance set in England in 1816. The book was recommended to me as \\"charming\\" and \\"funny,\\" but I didn't really find the story notably funny or charming until the second half of the book. By then, we knew the characters better, Kitty was fully entangled in several funny situations, and I did very much enjoy the story. Still, as a whole, I personally prefer Heyer's \\"Frederica.\\" In both books, I liked how the hero and heroine were better people because of the other's influence.<br /><br />The characters were varied and engaging. A nice amount of day-to-day historical detail was woven into the story to give a sense of time and place. This did create a slightly slower pacing typical of historical novels. The characters used a lot of slang typical for the time period but which we don't use any more. I had no trouble figuring out what was meant from the context, but some people might find the slang confusing.<br /><br />There was a minor amount of explicit bad language. There were no sex scenes. Overall, I'd recommend this enjoyable novel.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|I&apos;d heard about this game on Android forums and got it on the free app day. It&apos;s quite fun and challenging so it may take some time to get through the Levels. Once you understand the game dynamics it&apos;s quite fun to play.
B000AYEL6U|5.0|Loved this film, however my DVDs skipped around, so missed some of the contents.  Although I sent it back...I will order another so that I can watch it again.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|I picked this up since, y&apos;know, it was free. Tried it out, and now I&apos;m having trouble putting the game down. I even made excuses to sneak off to play. Definitely worth it, even at full price. Works beautifully on my Optimus M.
B001L63O1E|5.0|I'm returning to Yes after many years away.  As I was going through my recordings I found a hole in my collection - The Yes Album.  After listening through I'm amazed at why it would be missing - this has to be one of the most \\"classic\\" of Yes recordings.<br /><br />  OK, I am a fan of Fragile and yes, I do find it more innovative than this album.  Sure, Rick Wakeman was my hero growing up.  But there is something about The Yes Album....<br /><br />It must be the actual songs, or at least the \\"big\\" songs.<br /><br />Yessongs was perhaps my favorite album when I was a kid.  And what is on Yessongs?  The Wakeman solo, of course.  Three songs from Close to the Edge (Yessongs was recorded on the Close to the Edge tour...)  The majority of the album is split between Fragile and The Yes Album.  I would go so far as to say the songs from the earlier album formed the core - Starship Trooper was my favorite but All Good People wasn't far behind.  Perpetual Change is also great, as is Yours is no Disgrace, but the Fragile songs edge them out for me.  Still, for an almost forgotten album...<br /><br />Of course it was only a half a dozen or so years after Yessongs that the album Classic Yes came out.  Again, Fragile and the Yes Album form the core.  So it seems even Yes put The Yes Album at or near the top.<br /><br />Oh, BTW, by \\"classic\\" I don't necessarily mean \\"best\\", just the music I most think about when Yes comes to mind - Relayer was the most innovative and, depending on mood, the best of the set, but it stands on its own - it doesn't have that \\"classic\\" yes sound or feel to me.<br /><br />Anyway, everything on this album is great.  If you like Yes, particularly during their \\"classic\\" period, order or download this today - you won't regret it.
0439023521|3.0|I am still digesting it. The opening pages were so familiar that I couldn't get over the feeling I've read them before. Which was bizarre since I'm positive I haven't. Anyway, as I moved along I got caught up in the story. I did enjoy it very much until right at the end. After the games I felt it became very rushed as if it was a sudden need to get to the next book. Maybe it was intentional to show the head spinning drop back into the real world for the main characters. It did leave me feeling a little dissatisfied and I'm glad I have the next book here to move on to straight away. I think if I had to wait for the next installment I wouldn't have kept reading.
B004YXE438|5.0|I don&apos;t even like puzzle games that much but I like this one. A great game if you have a few minutes to kill.
1594744769|3.0|I really loved the concept for this book, and enjoyed it until the last chapter or so. There were huge issues that were never resolved in the end. I finished it and honestly thought that the publishers left out the last chapter!!! If it's the first in a series, I guess it's okay, but if not, then it's just very disappointing!
B004YEJGEO|5.0|very cool game. It&apos;s certainly challenging but in a good, non-frustrating way. got it for free but had I known about it I definitely would pay the dollar for it, worth it for sure. I am a sucker for a good puzzle game, so if that&apos;s your thing, go for it!
B004YXE438|5.0|As a free application, this one is pretty good.  I really like the ability to add custom images, it makes the game endless and fun.  The multiple levels of difficulty make it easy for anyone to pick up and play.
0061801313|3.0|These books were a good read.  However, if you have watched the first season of the tv show, then the books are kind of redundant.  However, the books do take a little different path than the tv show.  I really do suggest these books to read and plan on reading the remainder of the series.
B004Q1FDHO|4.0|I played this almost endlessly for about two days until I unlocked everything, then put it away because the replayability is low.  For those two days it was a blast,  though.
B004YXE438|4.0|Great puzzle, very well designed.  A landscape mode would be nice for tablet play.  Easy to play with intuitave controls, puzzle lovers should check this one out.
B004P9FAK2|3.0|I agree that this is not the best Harry Potter movie and that neither of the movies compare with the books. This movie was actually a disappointment.
B000002N25|3.0|Like many others here, I'm a big Dire Straits / Mark Knopfler fan.  On the heels of the last DS album, I had expectations of more great MK songs.  Sadly, 'Golden Heart' didn't quite make the grade.  'Sailing To Philadelphia' and later releases were major improvements, fortunately.    It is interesting to note the variety of favored songs mentioned in other reviews.  For me, 3 songs have stood out quite clearly as favorites:  Imelda, Vic And Ray, and Je Suis De'Sole'.  The other 11 tracks all seemed...pleasant in some respect, but didn't rise to the occasion...that being a desire to replay them frequently.      I had not listened to the entire album for a long time, so, upon reading other reviews, I figured I'd give it another try, which turned out to be a good thing.  I had somehow overlooked Don't You Get It and Cannibals - good stuff.  A couple of others also now seem a bit more than passable: Darling Pretty and I'm The Fool.  So, a 3 star rating seems about right.
B000000OPU|5.0|Not one of those people who agrees with critics on \\"classic\\" albums....sometimes there's no question really. And this is one of them. An integral part of any human growth process during the 80's for myself and many others this album not only sustained two long gaps both before and after it with enough strength, soul and musical power to sustain itself. For some reason Gabriel felt somewhat creatively burdoned after [[ASIN:B000000OMC Security]] and it took five years to complete this to it's best end. And surprisingly the result was probably the closest thing to a \\"hit parade\\" type album that Peter Gabriel has ever had. It doesn't have anything really to do with the fact he modernized or commercialized his music to any huge degree. He just used contemporary production values to enhance what was already there. In the end you have an album filled with a very broad variety of songs filled with strong emotional and musical expression and insight.<br /><br />  \\"Red Rain\\",\\"That Voice Again\\",\\"Mercy Street\\" and \\"We Do What We're Told\\" are the least popular songs on this album but in many ways they really make it what it is by acting as the glues which holds everything together. Each of them are flowing,polyrhythmic all dealing with the ultimate culmination of Gabriel's theatrical bent on overthinking everything until the mind simply shuts out life. On the other hand,the otherworldly ballad with Kate Bush \\"Don't Give Up\\" offers a sense of hope in this manner. \\"Sledgehammer\\", a great and far slower grinding horn funk follow up to \\"Shock The Monkey\\" finds Gabriel resolving his sexual issues with again with some clever double entandres. Gabriel is back to the funk,although in a more mid 80's almost Jam/Lewis style on \\"Big Time\\",another clever lyric dealing with that old \\"country mouse/city mouse\\" type scenario.<br /><br />  To most people the obvious spirituality of \\"In Your Eyes\\" will likely always bring to mind images of John Cussack holding up a boombox in [[ASIN:B00003CXCI Say Anything]]. Of course to me it will always bring to mind Youssou N'Dour,the Senegalese singer/musician Gabriel championed and made this likely his introduction to the pop music work at large,with the songs mix of Sting like jazz-pop with Gabriel's own afrobeat inspired style. Combining Nile Rodgers on guitar with Bill Laswell on bass with \\"This Is The Picture (Excellent Birds)\\" is an excellent idea for such a wonderfully imagistic afrofunk piece. And it really gives you the best impression of what this album is about. By channeling afrobeat,funk,jazz-pop and rock this album managed to allow Gabriel to create his own unique brand of pop that allowed him to be his usual artistic self and still communicate with the people. It's a lesson he learned well from the mentors from those musics from which he obviously gained a lot of knowledge. And it makes the album all the better for us as a result.ck holding up a boombox in [[ASIN:B00003CXCI Say Anything]]. Of course to me it will always bring to mind Youssou N'Dour,the Senegalese singer/musician Gabriel championed and made this likely his introduction to the pop music work at large,with the songs mix of Sting like jazz-pop with Gabriel's own afrobeat inspired style. Combining Nile Rodgers on guitar with Bill Laswell on bass with \\"This Is The Picture (Excellent Birds)\\" is an excellent idea for such a wonderfully imagistic afrofunk piece. And it really gives you the best impression of what this album is about. By channeling afrobeat,funk,jazz-pop and rock this album managed to allow Gabriel to create his own unique brand of pop that allowed him to be his usual artistic self and still communicate with the people. It's a lesson he learned well from the mentors from those musics from which he obviously gained a lot of knowledge. And it makes the album all the better for us as a result.
B004YEJGEO|4.0|This game reminds me of Meon on Windows Mobile.  The game is a very interesting game and it has alot of positives which far outweighs the 2 negatives  the only 2 things I can complain about the game is:  1) the prism can get janky when it gets hit by another light and it can get annoying to replace it to get it right.  2) I wish there was a music theme that goes along with the game. Would've been awesome
B000W7JWUA|5.0|Great game!  Immediately placed in my top 5 list.  Easy mechanics that don't take away from the excitement.  Fantastic balance between luck and skill allowing veterans to get occasionally whooped by rookies.  My only complaint would be the border that's supposed to keep the tiles in place.  The tiles don't fit within this border.  Overall: amazing game - buy it!
B004QK5N5W|5.0|This is a \\"must have\\" accessory for those of us who wish to present the iPad2 screen onto a flatscreen TV screen.  This allows the user to present the iPad2 video library onto a TV and thus is great for trips and whatnot.  In a hotel room, or on my boat during vacations, it is great to be able to use the iPad2 as a video source and thereby watch movies and whatnot.  This accessory enables the iPad2 to function essentially the same way as an Apple TV.  You can stream content directly from your iTunes compute vie WiFi through the iPad, to your TV.  Or you can play iPad content on your TV using this accessory.  Most iPad2 users will want this accessory.  RJB.
0307711773|1.0|This is a great continutation of the Series.  Taking on new aspects of the Greek and Roman Gods and thier children.  HOWEVER, the Narrator is TERRBILE.  There are times when he does well, but most of the time he sounds robotic.  When they create the 2nd audio book in the series, I hope that they opt for a new Narrator, because this guy is not going to help them to sell audiobooks.
B004YXE438|2.0|its a relatively simple puzzle game.  there are tons of these for free in the market that are on par or better than this so it gets a bit old and boring
B004YEJGEO|3.0|I like the concept and some if the levels are definitely fun, but I ran into a few instances where following the exact solution on the website didn&apos;t work due to prisms separating the colors backwards.
B005D9MUWY|5.0|After reading numerous praise about this keyboard and having tried a few others, I decided to take advantage of getting this application from the Free app of the Day promo. Even if I hadn&apos;t gotten this app for free, knowing how great it is now, I would have spent the money to get it. I definitely recommend this. The predictions are very good.
B004RLP1V6|3.0|Tatiana de Rosnay writes about a little known topic in French history - the July 1942 roundup of Jews in Paris.  Families were transported by the French police to the Velodrome d'Hiver where they stayed for days without food, water, and basic sanitation.  This component of the book is interesting and enlightening.      The book is a \\"good read\\" but cannot be taken seriously as any kind of stylistic or literary achievement.  Overall, it comes off as the book form of a made-for-TV movie.  Tatiana de Rosnay cranks out almost a book a year and is on a par with John Grisham and other authors who write merely to entertain the masses.  For what it is, is is worth reading when on a long flight or sitting on the beach during vacation.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|great app that isn&apos;t some brainless time waster. I&apos;m only through a few levels at basic settings but ill change light settings to mix it up. this isn&apos;t just bouncing light. tests your logic well. nice app.
031237593X|5.0|Excellent book--I couldn't put it down.  What I found so refreshing was Penman's take on the House of York. She didn't speculate about Richard's (one of the Princes in the Tower) escape from the Tower, like many other contemporary writers. As a matter of fact, she made a strong case that the Duke of Buckingham murdered both.    Her characters are well-written and realistic. One can really appreciate why the characters acted the way they did.  Particularly the portrayal of Anne and Isabel Neville--their relationship to each other seemed--very realistic, and she didn't portray Anne as being of a fragile character.    All around, an excellent read, and the best one about the War of the Roses that I've read!  Kudos to Penman!
B00005UKKF|5.0|The Britney I saw in this DVD has vanished. This concert is AMAZING. I recommend everyone to somehow watch this. P.S (I bought a copy on eBay for realllly cheap).
B0052UZIFA|5.0|I&apos;ve now bought this game four times for four different platforms. As far as I&apos;m concerned it&apos;s the best game on android at the moment - deceptively deep but cute and extremely approachable.
B002U4UZUE|5.0|Dire Straits put out some brilliant songs but their height was reached early with this album. I would put this on my  list of desert island discs. This pressing made from the original magnetic tapes is out of this world, all for the low price of $25 USD plus a shipping a great buy. If you love this group and you have a turntable of a good standard, get one or two copies, 10/10
B004YEJGEO|4.0|the game pretty neat in its purpose, some levels can be very challenging, but that&apos;s what keeps me interested, it makes me want to F&apos;N punch myself in the face cause I get so frustrated. Overall the game is fairly decent, it would be nice to have a hint, maybe solve a certain amount levels and earn hints as rewards. I&apos;ll rate 5 stars if you add something like that.
B004YEJGEO|4.0|Having blown through the free trial, had to go get the full version. Good price point, plenty of challenge. Just one issue with prisms deciding to split instead of merge beams, but otherwise bug free. Fun.
B003VDX6MW|5.0|You wouldn't think a show where people die in every episode could be sheer fun, but this one is.  It's brain candy. Since the mysteries are of supernatural origin, you don't have to think about a \\"real\\" solution, you just sit back and enjoy.  I'd highly recommend it for anyone who enjoys character-driven mysteries with a touch of woo-woo.
B004YXE438|5.0|Simple concept, tried one puzzle on max hardness, looked up again six puzzles later and realized an hour had passed. Nice.
B0052UZIFA|4.0|This game is worthy of 5 stars on any platform. I have only given it 4 on here because it lost my saved game information on Droid 2. I am hoping that the dev. can repair this issue on subsequent releases.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|Rec. product in good condition.  Have really enjoyed the series, there is so mucn about our history that is so interesting.
B000X9ZERW|5.0|This is the Rap record that you automatically think of when someone says the 80s. Every track is the bomb especially that one you know what I mean :). This is a must buy for Hip-Hop fans who love old school rap and not all this ringtone rap out nowadays. 5 solid stars.
0316056863|5.0|Tina Fey is awesome! She is funny and talented and her book kept me laughing out loud.  The book gives great humorous advice on life.  In the Intro to the book she explains everything the book will cover (hilariously) and she totally delivered.  This book is great for any woman on top or simply if you like Tina Fey and need a good laugh.
1451629184|5.0|I bought this book because I wanted to support Jaycee Dugard, and I think that buying her book is the most practical way the average person can do that.  I read it in just a few hours, because her voice is incredibly gripping and powerful.  I read some reviews which criticized her writing, time sequences or structure.  Personally, I found the book an amazing document of a person who endured a life-shaping experience which seems to have left her truly enlightened.  Jaycee seems to have developed mind control and freedom from negativity, perhaps as a result of the horrible suffering, loneliness and loss that she was subjected to.  I am humbled and thankful that she would share her perspective on life and hope.  What an amazing spirit she has.  I wish her all the best in her new life of happiness and freedom.
B002ZG9760|5.0|Very enjoyable film. Got to be one of my favorite films for 2011. Great actors. Very moving performances from all.
B0055D3EOG|5.0|I was hesitant about renting this film.  I had never heard of it before and the premise did not seem that interesting.  However I was greatly surprised by Insidious.  Yes It may look and borrow from other horror movies but I think it stands up on it's own.  No horror film is going to be completely novel, and I think the director was going for something familiar and classic.  The true test of the movie is that it scares, and this one does that very well.
B003AYDPYQ|5.0|Rarely has any TV show pulled me in like Breaking Bad. Not since The Wire have I stayed up all night to watch whole seasons of television in one sitting.     If there was a TV show that could be classified as a class A narcotic. This is it. Prepare to: not sleep, cut yourself off from your friends and family, and call in sick for work just so you can get your fix.
B005EI86JU|5.0|Darrell has stepped up to the challenge of writing a master reference on what is probably the most complex (and feature rich) camera that Nikon has produced to date.  His analysis of all the options and settings of the D7000 is comprehensive, understandable, and very welcome.  I ordered the Kindle version and have read it cover to cover.  It works great on both the portable Kindle and the PC Kindle.  My initial reading was on the PC, where color in the menus, illustrations and photos is displayed.  I plan to keep the monochrome version on my Kindle (along with the D7000 manual PDF) for handy reference when out shooting.      Darrell supplements this comprehensive reference with online information for digital SLR beginners.  He does not include the basics of digital photography and digital SLRs in Mastering the D7000, because that would be another complete book.    Highly recommended.
B00511ONPG|5.0|I liked this book because of the practical marketing examples and how-tos.  The book starts with strategic objectives -- but doesn't stop there.  It tells you what you need to do to accomplish your objectives.  Here is what I found especially valuable -- I liked how it:<br /><br />- Tells you how to \\"listen\\" on social media. How many times have you heard advice to \\"use social media to listen to your customers\\" but walked away wondering just how one goes about \\"listening\\" to Facebook or Twitter?  Listening starts with reading what others write on Facebook and Twitter, digesting it, and responding to their pain and appealing to their interests.<br /><br />- Explains how to slice and dice your target market on Facebook. In one sense, Facebook is a marketer's dream because people have so many opportunities to self-identify themselves, their occupations, their  interests. Likeable Social Media tells you how to \\"nanotarget\\" using Facebook ads. For instance, a marketing agency can show its ads just to those with titles like \\"chief marketing officer,\\" \\"vice president of marketing\\" and \\"brand manager.\\"<br /><br />- Describes how to get more involvement from customers on Facebook. You may have heard about Facebook Edge, the algorithm that determines to what extent your content gets displayed.  The book explains it and why it's important - including examples of questions that will engage people and get them participating.<br /><br />- Explains how to deal with negative comments. No matter how well loved your business, you're never going to keep 100% of the people happy 100% of the time.  Inevitably you'll have to deal with  negative comments (hopefully not too many, though). This book has some simple straightforward advice about how to respond to complaints on social media, include Twitter-sized responses.<br /><br />- Delivers pointers on how to recognize your customers and fans on social media. Sure, there can be big contests.  But simple recognitions (\\"welcome to our 1,000th fan!\\") that cost nothing, can do wonders for a small business on a budget.<br /><br />The above 5 topics only scratch the surface of  Likeable Social Media.  The important thing to remember is:  the book is not a re-hash of generalities or a collection of marketing-speak  It gives you practical insights that you can build a marketing plan from.  The list of Action Items at the end of each chapter gives you next steps.<br /><br />Excerpted from my review first published on Small Business Trends.wonders for a small business on a budget.    The above 5 topics only scratch the surface of  Likeable Social Media.  The important thing to remember is:  the book is not a re-hash of generalities or a collection of marketing-speak  It gives you practical insights that you can build a marketing plan from.  The list of Action Items at the end of each chapter gives you next steps.    Excerpted from my review first published on Small Business Trends.
B0055V0GQC|4.0|Boy I hate to use the term retro. It's not really applicable here. While listening to this disc a couple of times I can see where people would want to make comparisons to Led Zeppelin etc... That's all well and good. I will say that these guys sell it well. It will be hard for them to clear the hurdle set by those great 60's and 70's bands for sure. That said, I have a soft spot for bands that play as well as these guys can without the Pro Tools gimmicks.  Raw, in your face rock and roll.
B004VMUS9G|5.0|Love that I can set the snooze to be a math problem. Nothing detours me from being lazy like thinking first thing in the morning.
B004GCPJDQ|5.0|Excellent idea for the environmentally conscious. Wish they sold it with an electric plug versus plugging into usb on the computer. Luckily I had extra power adapters available from other products, so I plug it into my powerstrip so that it charges even with my computer off. Not sure why other people are giving it bad reviews. I have had no issues with this product.
0061906220|5.0|I bumped into the book and doll at the ALA conference in NOLA this summer.  I flipped through the book and fell in LOVE!!    This book is great for Pre-K.  I will definitely be using this book at the beginning of the year, as an aid to teach colours and to teach children to \\"not worry\\" about the little mishaps in life because \\"it's all good.\\"    I love children's stories with a moral, and I love Pete the Cat's philosophy on life that \\"No matter what you step in, keep walking along and singing your song....because it's all good.\\"  This attitude will help so much with the bunch of 3 and 4 year olds who love to tattle and fret over everything!  LOL.    The story is engaging, the song is simple and fun, there are repetitive phrases that the kids will catch onto and participate, the illustrations are very pleasing to the eyes....I just love it!!!  The publisher's website has a MP3 of the story and song, so you can choose to have the MP3 read the story for you.      You can extend the lesson after reading this book with colouring sneakers, graphing them, sorting them, etc.!      This is a great book for Pre-K teachers!  I have shared my find with the whole parish! :)
1451629184|3.0|I bought a copy of this book because I wanted to support Jaycee. And I couldn't put it down because I think she effectively drew readers in and conveyed what it was like to go through such a harrowing ordeal. That said, I did find the poor quality of Jaycee's writing somewhat distracting. Unlike some reviewers, I don't think she should have hired a ghostwriter. Instead, I fault the editors at Simon & Schuster. The narrative contained numerous run-on sentences, tense changes (inconsistently switching from past to present to past again) and several typos. Good editing could have easily corrected these grammatical errors without sacrificing the integrity of Jaycee's voice--and made A Stolen Life more literate and readable.
0553801473|1.0|I'm so confuse. About half way through and i just wanted it to end. I have no attachment to the characters in this book. The author tried to make the world too large. When fans need to make spread sheets of characters and maps of locations you might want to consult an editor. This is why i don't normally read fantasy.
B0042JTDXK|5.0|Love this Josh Groban CD; easy listening and perfect for background music like when driving the car. Josh has a gift with his voice that he shares and we the public are lucky enough to listen to.
B004V5QWU2|5.0|I use this app a lot and have never had a problem.there is a nice selection of sounds and up to 3 can be combined and customized.creates a nice ambient for sleeping and relaxing.
B004YXE438|3.0|Anyone else having an issue with a picture of a Lock coming up on one of the puzzle pieces and not allowing it to be moved or rotated? Am I doing something wrong?
B004YEJGEO|5.0|If ur looking for a fun puzzle game to pass the time. Look no further! In this game use a system lights that u reflect of objects to try and pass the level. Some are easy but some might give u trouble. This uses a simple but effective formula to keep u ingage in trying to solve puzzle after puzzle.\n................................................ HTC Evo-BM
B0043D2LAC|5.0|Nice compact case will fit Sony A55 with 18-250 plus another smallish lens.  I can fit my Sigma 10-20 or 35 f/1.8 in there with body attached to another lens.  Compact and light to carry.
B004HO6I4M|1.0|This has to be the WORST animated film I have ever seen.I hate it when companies besides Disney make musicals!Disney musicals have soul,but this is just another run-of-the mill animal movie.I really thought this movie had promise.But I was let down,because of bad songs,not needed characters,and(to me)bad storytelling.
B004YXE438|5.0|Picked this app up this morning and am absolutely loving it. Wonderful graphic pictures, simple game premise, doesn't use much memory, and the ability to expand the available puzzles with your own pictures is fantastic. I see hours of enjoyment coming from this game in the days to come. If you love puzzles, don't hesitate to get this while it's free!
0596009208|5.0|If you're a beginner Java programmer or have no programming experience at all, this is a very good book, like all \\"Head first\\" books it contains tons of puzzles, stories, conversations, drawings and illustrations that makes very hard topics very easy to understand, and makes it stick to your brain. With bullet points at the end of each chapter to remind you of the important lessons. Although the book is intended for beginners, at the end of the book you'll be an intermediate -or i afraid to say advanced- Java programmer.You'll learn how things work like the life cycle of the object and its garbage collection. The book cover a lot of topics: Object oriented design, variable type and scope, object properties and methods, inheritance and polymorphism, exceptions and error handling, graphical user interfaces and working with the Swing library, Serializing and I/O networking, Threading, collections & generics, Java archives, packages and deployment, and Remote Method Invocation. Highly recommended.
B004LWZW4M|5.0|First off I love the original [[ASIN:B000E6ESEO Planet of the Apes]]. It's a great and thought-provoking film from the '70s with a good story and a great finale. Then came the sequels. The first one was all right. It had a dumb ending and some truly dull bits but on the whole it was ok. The second one had a few interesting ideas but the central premise was so dumb that it could never recover. It went downhill from there. The series had hit a dead end. They had effectively written themselves out of places to go with sequels so they went to prequels. Eventually their narratives got stale they tried to [[ASIN:B000062XGX reboot]] the franchise with immensely disappointing results. This film serves as a prequel to the original movie. It shows how earth got taken over by apes in the first place. This isn't a particularly faithful sequel since many things have changed since the '70s but there are several references to the original film. Mot of these are pretty good but a few are overly obvious and cheesy.<br /><br />Unlike the original Planet of the Apes this film is focused on characters. While the climactic action scene is pretty epic and feels deserved the majority of the movie is Caesar learning first to relate to his fellow (but stupid) apes and then organizing them into a resistance. Throughout this time you really get a feel for who Caesar is as a person. I can't think of any film quite like it. They've given Caesar a real emotional core without taking away his animal nature. The other apes manage to have personalities too. The gorilla is big and angry but my favorite has to be the orangutan that has such an expressive face and can speak sign language too. The human characters are rather more boring. None of the actors do a bad job but their story just isn't as interesting as Caesar's. We've seen all of them before but we've never seen anyone like Caesar.<br /><br />The plot of the movie is pretty basic. A young scientist (James Franco) desperately searches for a cure to Alzheimer's so that he can cure his ailing father (John Lithgow). As part of the animal tests for this virus Caesar is born. When the project goes haywire Franco adopts baby Caesar and raises him in his own home. Through a series of events which I will not describe Caesar becomes the leader of an ape revolution as they try to escape from mankind.<br /><br />This movie should have been a failure. I rolled my eyes when I heard they were making this. But somehow it manages to succeed against all odds. The greatest part of this movie is unquestionably the apes (actually chimpanzees, gorillas, and orangutans). These creations come to life and are the core of the film. The CGI is fantastic. While you can generally tell which apes are fake (hint: all of them!) there are moments where they cease to be computer generated images and become breathing creatures. Essentially photo-real. These are the best CGI creations since Gollum. That character was created by the same crew that made these ones. A major factor in creating these animals is the actors. All of the apes are played on set by a different actor. Caesar is played by Andy Serkis who also did Gollum and King Kong and is an expert at these roles. He filmed his scenes with the actors on set and was digitally replaced afterward. This provides a real physical presence to the apes instead of just making them a mass of pixels.s so that he can cure his ailing father (John Lithgow). As part of the animal tests for this virus Caesar is born. When the project goes haywire Franco adopts baby Caesar and raises him in his own home. Through a series of events which I will not describe Caesar becomes the leader of an ape revolution as they try to escape from mankind.    This movie should have been a failure. I rolled my eyes when I heard they were making this. But somehow it manages to succeed against all odds. The greatest part of this movie is unquestionably the apes (actually chimpanzees, gorillas, and orangutans). These creations come to life and are the core of the film. The CGI is fantastic. While you can generally tell which apes are fake (hint: all of them!) there are moments where they cease to be computer generated images and become breathing creatures. Essentially photo-real. These are the best CGI creations since Gollum. That character was created by the same crew that made these ones. A major factor in creating these animals is the actors. All of the apes are played on set by a different actor. Caesar is played by Andy Serkis who also did Gollum and King Kong and is an expert at these roles. He filmed his scenes with the actors on set and was digitally replaced afterward. This provides a real physical presence to the apes instead of just making them a mass of pixels.
B004UID2LC|3.0|This app worked...for a while.  First off, this was a very nice app and I used it a lot.  It boasts the ability to select different file types however, that never worked.  If you selected that option in the settings you wouldn't be able to download any video at all.  Most videos would be downloaded at 480p and that was sufficient on my Galaxy S.  So overall this app allowed you to do just what it claims it allows you to do, download Youtube videos. One thing that I really enjoyed about this app is that the search feature would pull up videos that I couldn't find through a normal Youtube search...Awesome.       Yesterday I started the app and could search videos however, I couldn't download anything.  I couldn't even watch a video.  I tried to uninstall and reinstall it to no avail.  After one of the installations a pop-up told me to go to a website to download the latest version if the program had stopped working.  That struck me as odd.  After a half hour of searching I found that many people are having the same issue and that the website is very suspect.  I'm not sure what is going on however, I'm very disappointed as being able to download videos for when I'm not connected to wifi or low on data was very nice.  Now I'm out a very good app that found videos that other apps do not...very sad.
B004LWZW4W|5.0|Excellent effects. Moral story, not just another sci fi blow up movie.  Andy Serkis computer generated performance deserves an Oscar nomination.  Best music soundtrack of the year.  Not to be missed.  Human beings are basically evil and greedy.
B004YXE438|5.0|this app is simple.  if you like puzzles you like this app. if you hate puzzles then you wont like this app.  enough said
B0034G4ORM|5.0|I originally I expected this movie to suck but it blew me away. The actors did a great job portraying themselves as Marines. The plot was well written and keeps you on your toes.
B0055OK2T0|5.0|The Adjustment Bureau is a fantastical, romantic, exciting, thought provoking, film. I am typically not one for romantic movies, as they usually depress me with their impossibly presented \\"realistic\\" versions of true love, but this film is set in a world we don't live in, allowing me to briefly believe in the concept that yes, true love can and does conquer all. I hold a soft spot in my heart and mind for stories regarding angels, Fates (in the Greek and Roman interpretations of such), mythologies, and queries regarding free will versus pre-destination. The Adjustment Bureau covers all of that and more, without being over explanatory. Matt Damon and Emily Blunt give excellent performances, as does the supporting cast of threatening and benign \\"Adjustmenters\\". Watching the Adjustment Bureau is a truly exceptional experience; it is a rare film indeed, that allows me to fully escape into another reality, and let go of myself for a much needed 100 minutes. Highly recommended!
B000PC1JKS|5.0|Who am I to even rate this?  Bob Marley is his own standard.  Even though I'm not a reggae officianado, I think his work is ever poignant and transcends cultural boundaries and musical tastes.  Our family dances around the house to this album on a regular basis.
B0017SWPXY|5.0|I find that this book has made me consider my own dog-campanion in a whole new light.  Not only is it well written, its extremely creative and thought provoking. I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a great read.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|A very addictive game... Gives the brain and good massage. Got it for free but would definitely pay a buck for it.
0553801473|5.0|just recently discovered a song of ice and fire and have read all 5 books in succesion with only a 2 week wait for a dance with dragons.....this volume is as engrossing as the rest and cant wait for the next......was not disapointed
B0002EXH5E|1.0|I bought this as soon as it came out because I love Megadeth but it was a waste of $. It has no memorable songs & none of the feeling of some of their other work. I gave it to a friend..who thought the same thing.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|I love this game!  Challenging, clever, and fun... and very repeatable.  I got it for free but would be happy to pay for it.
B004HO6I4W|2.0|The story is great. Read other reviews for that.<br /><br />HOWEVER playing the Blu-ray on my Playstation 3 fails badly. I checked several other Blu-ray discs to make sure my PS3 wasn't broken.  I also checked for PS3 software updates.  Then I returned Rio for a replacement, but the replacement has the same problem: the video keeps freezing up on the PS3 while the audio continues.  This happens every couple of minutes, ruining the film experience.  Fortunately it comes with the DVD, so I watched that instead without any problems.<br /><br />I'm not the only one having this problem: [...]
B004YXE438|5.0|Definitely would recommend this game. Great while listening to podcasts. Lots of options and the ability to make custom puzzles from your own pics.
1416583432|3.0|This book can get really tedious, and I kept putting in down to read other books.  There was some interesting scientific information in the book about the physiology of the dog, but I wasn't satisfied with the idea that physiology drives so much of what a dog does.  Dogs have been a part of my life since birth, and while I learned the general traits of the species, such as the fact that dogs interpret looking directly into someone's eyes as a challenge (just as a gaze by a human for too long can be interpreted), I also learned that each dog has unique traits that set it apart and define its relationships with those around it--canine or human.  I think dogs have shared traits that define some behaviors, and are instinctual, just as do humans.  However, I don't think this book in any way disproves the belief by many that dogs have what humans experience as emotions.  Six years ago we rescued a young male English Pointer who had been horribly abused (our first rescue experience), and who had just recovered from a life threatening case of heartworm, and we were witness to a slow, but steady metamorphosis in his behavior and demeanor as he learned to trust and feel secure. No one will convince me that this dog wasn't \\"happy\\" to be living the life he had with us, even if he didn't have the ability to understand the word.  So, if you have the time and patience, you might want to read this book to learn exactly how much more sensitive a dog's senses of smell and hearing are, and what their body language means.  But, I think if you want to understand how dogs think and feel, you won't find it here.
B00000IMTE|5.0|Man On The Silver Mountain is still & always will be one bad a** song..the rest of the CD is great to. R.I.P Ronnie.
B0013ND30M|5.0|It was so easy to order and the product came earlier that I thought. My greatgrandaughter was so delighted it was in excellent shape and the process was effertless. I have since order other products from Amazom. thank you for excellect service.
B00006HAZG|3.0|I came to this David Copperfield thinking I had acquired the fine dramatization done in 1986 by Andrew Hall with Colin Hurley as David, Simon Callow as Micawber and Paul Brightwell as Uriah Heep. Needless to say I was quite disappointed. By comparison with that earlier version, which aired on Masterpiece Theater, this seems clipped and even forced. The depth of the characters never seems to come fully out. In all fairness, if I had not seen the other first, I would have said this captures the heart of a giant book with reasonable fidelity.
B0058P7KUA|4.0|At first, I had no issues with this. It worked snappily, and was loads of fun.<br /><br />After awhile, though, I started having issues with the controls not responding. They would get stuck, causing me to lose a level. No fun at all.<br /><br />Add to that issues I've had even getting the thing to open, and I'll be uninstalling it soon.<br /><br />It's a great game, with a small dash of (mostly juvenile) humor. It just doesn't work right anymore.
1416594795|5.0|This is an excellent review of the categories of evidence for how life on earth has changed over time.  There is little good reason to argue with the facts of history but still our understanding of how changes occurs is incomplete.  Dawkins spends too much time directly refuting creationists--is just isn't worth it.  They won't read the book or listen to facts either.  For those who want a good model of evolution to carry in their heads, this is a good book.
B002SQNM9A|3.0|Taylor's voice is a little whiney on this CD.  Not long enough either.  Need more songs, have to switch too soon.
B004KSQN7C|5.0|Yet another Amazing Album. I think this album is by the far the best she's done. It's Dancy, it puts you in a great mood. My 2yr old niece loves this album and because of her, we listen to it none-stop. If you are a BRITNEY FAN, GET THIS ALBUM!!! YOU WON'T BE DISAPPOINTED!
B0051GOB26|1.0|Once again some moron at Universal Home Entertainment couldnt let his fingers off the DNR button that wiped out the details. This time even to the max!!!!!  If you want this film on blu you better should grab the italian region B disc not released by universal there. This no-DNR edition is also far from perfection but way better than this mess.
B001I0T92Q|4.0|Alright, this works most of the time. installation was a snap, no issues there. Unfortunately, when you remove the memory stick, it's a crapshoot as to whether the psp will recognize it after you put it back in. So, basically, if you take it out, expect to remove/reinsert it until you start wanting to throw it against a wall. Then, magically, it'll work.      Works great for a cheap high-capacity memory card, but not for those who remove their memory stick a lot. (I've left it in since those initial tests, and it's worked perfectly ever since)
B0012GMVG2|5.0|I have three main thoughts about TOTO IV:<br />1)TOTO IV is one of the best rock/pop albums ever;<br />2)TOTO IV is a perfect album;<br />3)TOTO IV is one of my \\"desert island essentials.\\"<br />Though denigrated by industry critics, TOTO IV produced 2 #1 singles, 2 more top 20 hits and captured 5 major Grammy Awards.<br />The ten classic tracks offered vocals from Bobby Kimball, Steve Lukather, David Paich and Jeff Porcaro; background assistance from Timothy B. Schmit; brilliant guest musicians like Lenny Castro; superb drums from Jeff Porcaro; James Newton Howard conducting the Martyn Robin Orchestra..all combining to give us ten outstanding tracks.  Even after almost 30 years, and hundreds of listenings, I can't pick a favorite.  Beyond the songs themselves, savor the magnificent musicianship, the impeccable arrangements, the craft of seasoned musicians who used all their studio experience to create TOTO IV.<br />While they never hit this summit again, TOTO established a deserving notch on the belt of rock and roll.  It just doesn't get much better than TOTO IV.
B0036XN2L2|5.0|Wow! If this is truly the last studio album for the Scorpions, they are going out with a bang! I totally was surprised at how good this album is. Klaus Meine in his 60's sounds awesome! A definite must have for any rock fan!! The band sounds great especially on the title track \\"Sting in the Tail\\".
B004YEJGEO|2.0|Why is it that sometimes when I select a level I hear the sound of my camera getting ready to take a picture? I even heard it take a picture once and a quick pop came up saying it was sending or saving it somewhere.  Didn&apos;t see where.  Deleting this app
0679746048|3.0|I was hoping that the book on the profile picture was what I was ordering. I didn't want the Major Motion picture cover. It would have been nice to know that I didn't have a choice. Bummer
B004YEJGEO|5.0|It's worth every single cent. Definitely a great time waster on your phone. Don't mistake this for anything other than a puzzle game, but I absolutely adore that each puzzle has multiple possible solutions, allowing you to piddle around, and work it out as you see fit, rather than how a narrow-minded developer decided a puzzle must be solved(The issue with most games similar to this)
B004N66XYE|1.0|Only worth watching if there isn't any thing on TV. Its best actors are the butler, the cook, Jean Marsh and Eileen Atkins. One can hardly tell the difference between the characters. No blonds, redheads, and all with very similar hairdos and faces. A waste of time and money.
B004K8WJ3Y|4.0|I have enjoyed Whitesnake through the years and line up changes. If you are a Whitesnake fan, or an 80's fan....you will love this CD! A lot o rockers with ballads that really grow on you. Great to have another new release to listen to. A must have!
B002BU0DPE|2.0|First off... this item is not a game... nice amazon. I'm into gaming and own both a PS3 and 360, I needed a headset that was compatible with both, oh and the PC. In the gaming world Turtle Beach has a lot hype and I bought into it, literally. At first they were nice, don't get me wrong the sound quality is amazing for 70 dollar headphones, but... there's build quality too. I think somewhere around the second week the right ear piece snapped off, not pop out of place, but snapped. Luckily I have all weather molding adhesive and that stuff is stronger than plastic apparently. Week later it was the left ear pieces turn. Molding adhesive, BAM, stronger than ever! Seriously, it's called GGLUE, good stuff. About a month later, sound quality drops and I can no longer hear people. I thought maybe the wires were stressed and took the remote apart to see if I could mend it. Nope, nothing wrong, just doesn't work anymore. Did a little reading, apparently a common problem. Impressed at first... now ill be looking for another manufacturer.  Ohhh, and no, I don't play soccer using my headphones in place of a soccer ball.
B004YXE438|5.0|This is a really enjoyable game especially for free!! The Dev must have imbedded some type of code within the game that will hack all of our phones and slowly take over the world, why else would he have little or no permissions to it?? It must be an attempt to collapse our economy and turn us all into communists!! Help!!!  &lt;--Sarcasm, give it up for the 1 Star Reviews!!! Yeee Hawww!!
B004YXE438|5.0|Author has addressed issues with early release and this is now a fun, solid app.  I certainly do enjoy playing.
B005D9MUWY|3.0|I really enjoy this keyboard and it works very well. However, it locks up my phone when I try to reply to an email. please fix this. lg revolution
B001OGLSBE|5.0|After listening to this album dozens, if not hundreds of times, Yankee Hotel Foxtrot never gets old. On each listen, it's fresh, addicting, and brilliant. There's not a bad moment on this album, and the music is gorgeous. It's honestly a perfect record. (And may I suggest you listen to it on headphones? The stereo mixing is fantastic.)
B004YEJGEO|3.0|I was hoping this game would be like a fun digital version of the broad game &quot;Khet&quot;. Unfortunately, it leaves much to be desired in the critical thinking department. Mirrors and prisms only take three levels to basically exhaust the creativity of the level design. I shouldn&apos;t feel unchallenged by level 6. User interface needs work. Controls are tedious. Placement of objects on a level&apos;s edge leads to frustration. Please expand upon the idea, entice the player to continue playing with engaging puzzles, and really rub in some general polish.
0307279189|5.0|This is a great read. I recommend this book not only to runners but to outdoor enthusiasts in general. It is a well written am fun to read story about an amazing tribe of superathletes. Whether you run to just stay in shape (me) or actually love to run, you will enjoy this read.
1435114949|4.0|The book is beautiful, and I appreciate having the stories in one volume.  That being said, there are numerous misspelled words.  I stopped counting after twenty-five.  A visually appealing edition, but is it really so hard to correct the obvious typos?
030746363X|5.0|Small place...no room for book hoarding.  But after checking this out from the library, I had to own it!  Having lost weightseveral years ago I'm always looking for tips to keep it off and this book provided lots of tips, research and more!  I love that I can now refer back to the diet, exercises and supplements, thanks Tim!
B0027BOL4G|5.0|Great movie to watch and learn what American Food Industry is doing to us.   Not everything is healthy! Actually a lot of AMERICAN FOOD INDUSTRIES are NOT healthy.   Watch this movie and you will wake up from the stumbler you are not aware you are in.  It is like taking the red pill in the matrix
0439023513|1.0|I absolutely hated this book for one main reason, it ended Godless, the way it all began.  It's like reading a book about the Holocaust and having it end with characters that aren't really sure they are glad they overcame Hitler's awful regime.  The writing it poor in comparison to her other two novels in the series.  The moments of foreshadowing are too obvious and it's tiresome to try to make oneself read on to find when the thing you know is going to happen really does.  I can't stand how the book ends without a glimmer of hope.  I mean, really, a mention that she feels \\"coerced\\" into having children and watches them hoping they'll not have the same awful life she does.  That's the best Suzanne Collins could come up with???  Not at ALL a book series I would recommend to others and definitely not to young adults, for whom the books are directed.  Do we honestly want our youth that are growing into adulthood to believe that there isn't hope in the world and humans will always be tyrants...or most of them?
B004YXE438|5.0|I thought this app was going to suck! But I thought I would download it and try it. IT IS FREAKING AWESOME! BEST PUZZLE APP EVER!!
B004YEJGEO|5.0|been playing this game non stop, fun keeps you thinking. have not had any issues runs smooth on my vibrant would recommend to all that like puzle games.
B0055SWM08|5.0|that about sums it up. This is just a really good game. I really enjoy playing it as a fun time waster.  I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys multi level strategy games.
B004YXE438|5.0|This is a fun and addictive slider puzzle game. I like the ability to choose how many pieces and the level of difficulty for each puzzle. If I just want a quick and easy time killer, I can choose the easiest levels, but the harder challenges are there, too.
B004UA8D1O|2.0|Save yourself 2 hours and watch another movie.  This movie was such a disappointment especially with such a big name attached to it.  One positive to note admist the boring, painful experience is that you can take a break, come back and you'll be assured you won't have missed anything, because they'll still be stuck in the cave.  This is one movie not even 3d can save.
1439190275|3.0|So the authors changed Atkins into Protein Power in an attempt to sound more reasonable as far as fat consumption. Protein Power (the original book) is a much better written. The original Atkins diet is easier to follow.  I think Robert Atkins would find this updated version of his diet unnecessarily restrictive. I don't believe there's evidence that a more restrictive diet is better for obese individuals. I just think the book was written to sound more \\"politically correct\\".  I've lowcarbed for almost twenty years. I (and most people) \\"morph\\" into a New Atkins/Protein Power type eating plan from an original Atkins over time. So I don't disagree with the eating plan. But Robert Atkins knew that people did better if they weren't required to start with the more rules.  Gary Taubes \\"Why We Get Fat\\" is required reading for anyone doing low carb. Taubes gives the confidence to stick with the way of eating.
B004EPYZZ8|5.0|This movie was great. i really liked it. it is worth buying. its an amazing movie. A must see and own DVD. Its a movie i would watch over and over again.
B004Y1USV2|4.0|I am enjoying this surprisingly solid YES album so very much. It's got all of the progressive musical meatiness that one might dare hope for. Buy it!     My gripes would be:  - Some been-there-done-that lyrics  - Corn: yeah, ride that tiger you guys!  - Lacks harder-edge songs. (I love the softer-edge too, but...)  - Benoit's doing great but I look forward to him taking some more risks on future albums.  - WHY NO FULL VERSION OF \\"Hour of Need\\"?? This is rather inconsiderate, don't you think guys?     And just looking at the non-full-length version of Hour of Need for a moment: It ends too abruptly, leaving you hanging.
0439023521|2.0|The whole plot was good enough to keep my attention. So after hearing people around me, others on the Internet, praise the entire series - I just had to read it. After that I read Catching Fire, book two of The Hunger Games, then Mockingjay - book three of The Hunger Games. To be honest, no, I didn't finish reading the last book. So depressing, and Katniss' hero act was getting old, when it shouldn't because she's the heroine of the story, she should be the one with \\"annoying\\" traits that never get old! But that's another review for another time.                                     *****POSSIBLE SPOILERS - READ AT OWN RISK*****    After seeing lots of fanart of this, I thought I'd be in for a very, very violent ride - dark, too. But I was disappointed! I'm not gonna lie: I like my stories violent and twisted at times. And that's the main reason for me picking up this book. It was quite boring. Like that whole BS in the Capitol, yeah, waste of time to read. I don't want to read about a bunch of death-destined teens being spoiled right before they're shipped off to have at each other with weapons in the woods. First of all, when someone said Katniss is the girl on fire - I was really expecting her to have been actually lit on fire. Or had done something totally insane to be called a girl on fire. But no. Katniss got her nickname from waving and blowing kisses to the Capitol's morons in a chariot ride wearing a dress that was up in flames . . . on purpose. Peeta was on fire, too, wasn't he? Why wasn't he called the boy or guy on fire? Because he didn't kiss up to the crowd? Katniss, I thought, hated the Capitol - and yet she blows kisses and waves at its residents before they watch her kill and/or possibly be killed for entertainment on live TV?     To me that seems like a shallow way to be a \\"girl on fire\\". More like the girl who kissed up to the Capitol. After the Capitol stuff was over, we *finally* get to the Games themselves. The Games were a drag. We know there's supposed to be a lot of action/violence going on, but yet Katniss never gets caught up in it, so we don't get to read about it. The whole thing was basically Katniss hiding from the Careers, and when they weren't looking, do something that almost kills herself. Like the tracker jacker nest, blowing up the Careers' food supply that made her go deaf in one ear until the Games were over. Then, of course, we get to read about the fight over the orange backpack - stupid. The whole thing was almost Katniss dodging the Careers. Rue's death didn't make me cry. I didn't know her long enough to have any emotion for her. Just because she lived in strict District 11 doesn't make me feel anything for her. Then we get to see Katniss do something she should've been doing this whole time: killing. She shoots the Career in the neck. Then sings Rue to sleep? But she actually just dies and Katniss puts a bunch of pretty flowers around her head? Okay. Then we get to spend days with fire girl Katniss and a hurt Peeta in a cave kissing and lying and pretending to be in love - for their sake.     Then Katniss gets nerve and goes to fetch a bag with her District 12 number on it. Am I the only one who wanted Clove to give our little fire girl a lesson? Aka death. The whole book was, after the Capitol stuff, Katniss surviving another night. When all she needed to do was get food and water, hide a little better, and she'd be fine. Then these mutant dogs that look like the dead Tributes arrive out of nowhere and threaten head Career Cato, girl on fire Katniss, and hurt bread boy, Peeta, lives. Katniss does kill Cato, after the mutts do all the damaging work, though, of course. Then the rules change and they both can win - what?! But that's after they decide they won't kill each other and decide to eat Katniss' posion nightlock berries. Which doesn't harm them.     Now all of a sudden in the next book, Catching Fire, Katniss is a rebel all because she almost ate the nightlock berries? The girl who shot an arrow at the Gamemakers because she didn't have their attention? The girl who wore a dress on fire - suck-up girl? The girl who did nothing to deserve to be Victor? Yes, that Katniss Everdeen. Sigh.    But don't worry, Katniss is even annoying before the Games. Suzanne Collions, the author of this fine piece of literature, gave Katniss the perfect Mary Sue background: her father died when she was young and she had to hunt to fend for herself, her little sister, and her depressed mother. So we're already supposed to believe that Katniss Everdeen is a force to be reckoned with. And do not get me started about the Reaping! Where Katniss races to the stage screaming Prim's name, little sister, and making herself look like a fool. Idiot, she's an Everdeen! She'd just have to wave and blow kisses at the crowd while wearing a dress in flames, shoot an arrow at the Gamemakers' table because she's an attention whore, and almost eat nightlock to survive and win with Peeta.     How'd this review become a rant? Oh, and the new Gale-Katniss-Peeta storyline got old after the first book. Main point: Katniss is a lame heroine, it's far from dangerous, and most of it is boring - just Katniss surviving.
B0041KKYBA|5.0|Ever wondered what caused the financial crisis?<br />Why was no one punished for the crisis?<br />What was the government's role?<br /><br />This movie does a great job of explaining what happened, why it happened and unfortunately leaves you with the conclusion that it can and will happen again. All the responsible parties were amply rewarded.<br /><br />At the end of the day, it is all about risk/reward. When there is no penalty for taking risks, you will take unnecessary risks.
B0058HDT2G|5.0|I just finished listening to this album all the way through; I enjoy music that makes my foot start tapping, makes my head bop, and puts a smile on my face and Selena and the Scene continue to deliver. Great beats and her voice gets stronger with each CD.     Selena did collaborate on the writing of a couple tracks and I think the band really has good chemistry going right now. I do think the CD got a little monotonous about 10 tracks in. It seemed like it was constant club music. The music is all Pop but a few songs including: Love You Like a Love Song, Hit the Lights, When the Sun Goes Down, and my favorite on the album My Dilemma really stood out as exceptionally catchy.     All in all, I give this CD a 5. The band experiments with all kinds of crazy sounds and the music is a lot of fun and appropriate for everyone. And as usual, Selena is a total babe in the artwork for this album. This girl has everything going for her. The Deluxe Version is cool because you get a few of their songs in Spanish at the end; Fantasma De Amor is really beautiful.
B004FRX0MY|1.0|It is impossible to uninstall this application. I'm using Android on an HTC phone with Verizon. I had to download a \\"task killer\\" application to kill its processes because it appears to drain my battery. It starts automatically and there is no control for when it pushes information in its settings.
B0041KKYDI|1.0|This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen.  If I restrict myself to outdoor adventure movies, it is THE worst movie I have ever seen.  An important but basically slim story is bulked out by tedious flashbacks, cinema gimmics, etc.  Don't waste your time on this one.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|This game is so simple, but so complex at the same time. It rewards you for finding the most complicated solution, which is a refreshing change from most puzzle games. On the other hand, finding a clean minimal solution to each puzzle is personally satisfying. The result is a desire to play each level multiple times in completely different ways. With 120 levels of increasing difficulty, Refraction has some serious shelf-life. I would happily pay to play this on a PC, it&apos;s that good. Get it now.
0316067598|1.0|I was excited to read this book, because I've been intrigued by the SEAL's since I was a kid, and had even placed a hold at my library for this book about a month prior to them killing bin Laden.  I looked forward to reading a harrowing first-person account of a special forces operation gone wrong, but I didn't make it through 50 pages before giving up.  I've seen here that many reviewers have a distaste for Lutrell's politics, which are expressed repeatedly even in the pages I managed to slog through.  I myself don't share most of his views, but would have been able to put our differences aside if the book had only been written better.  Instead, I found myself cringing at least one time per page at what, if I didn't know better, seemed to be the the writing style of a 12-year-old.
0375836675|5.0|Unlike many of the reviewers, I did not buy this book because of 'The Book Thief', I bought this book for two reasons: a. the storyline caught my attention and made me curious enough to buy it, and b. the reviews were amazing. Every time I went to a bookstore, I would walk right past this book on the bookshelves thinking there's noway Zusak can outdo himself twice in a row. But I finally decided to pick it up one day, and I began reading it yesterday.<br /><br />It is one of the most interesting books I've read in a long while. Markus Zusak has an uncanny ability at twisted humour and characterization. Ed Kennedy is one of the most ordinary yet extraordinary characters I've ever read about, who is an underage taxi driver living in a small town and who utterly lacks motivation. His life consists of driving, drinking coffee with his smelly dog, and playing cards with his friends Marv, Ritchie and Audrey (the girl he's always been in love with). Then he inadvertently stops a bank robbery and the next day, the first ace arrives in his mailbox. It appears he has been chosen as the \\"messenger\\" to change and affect the lives of several chosen people.<br /><br />I believe the brilliance of the story is in how ordinary Ed is, which allows us - as readers - to very easily connect with him, and ask the same questions he keeps asking throughout the book. Who is sending the aces, and why was he chosen as the messenger?<br /><br />While reading 'I Am The Messenger' you might automatically think of it as quite the \\"prophetic\\" book, (and although that could be one of its many themes), it really isn't. It is a book about life, about giving, helping, and making a difference and a change - in short, it's about leaving your mark in the world.<br /><br />I think the whole message behind the book can be summarised in Ed's words when he says: \\"I want words at my funeral. But I guess that means you need life in your life\\" (p. 278). Everyone should stand up and try to live beyond their capabilities.<br /><br />On the other hand, for those not interested in being preached to and reading about ways to better live your life, you will enjoy this book because simply put, it is a good action-ridden story. It is a book that could easily be made and visualised into a film production. A book that people of all ages would enjoy.<br /><br />Personally, I really enjoyed the ending, and - even though it should have been very obvious - I did not see it coming at all!<br /><br />Markus Zusak, in the words of Audrey and Marv, \\"You've outdone yourself.\\"for those not interested in being preached to and reading about ways to better live your life, you will enjoy this book because simply put, it is a good action-ridden story. It is a book that could easily be made and visualised into a film production. A book that people of all ages would enjoy.    Personally, I really enjoyed the ending, and - even though it should have been very obvious - I did not see it coming at all!    Markus Zusak, in the words of Audrey and Marv, \\"You've outdone yourself.\\"
B0025KVLUQ|5.0|Not the final Beatles LP released (that was the year-old \\"Let It Be\\" in the spring of 1970, by which time the band had already fallen apart), \\"Abbey Road\\" comes off like a product of four estranged musicians only with the benefit of hindsight. Today we know the back story: i.e. that Paul had pretty much seized control of the whole enterprise, that the bandmates were barely on speaking terms with one another and that this was a final attempt at making an album. It's hard to hear much of that alienation in the cohesive and involved group interaction on display here; unlike the White Album, this comes together as a whole, and makes for a graceful exit from the stage. If this sounds like the work of a band on its best behavior, it's also unmistakably the work of a band, period. One shudders to think of the Beatles going on autopilot and sticking around for two or three further albums, each more disengaged than its predecessor.<br /><br />Sure, it's likely that the \\"suite\\" that comprises most of what was originally Side 2 was an inspired \\"make lemonade out of lemons\\" salvage job of unfinished fragments that the group was in no mood to flesh out into complete songs, but the effect is breathtaking rather than scattershot. Besides, how can you disparage an album that follows one of the most affecting love songs of the rock 'n roll era (\\"Something\\") with a cheerful ditty about a serial killer?
0061245097|4.0|Despite the fact that its been a year and many books since Halfway to the Grave, I found One Foot in the Grave easy to pick up and get into. It takes place four years after the first book ends. Cat and her team of human helpers track a master vampire and Cat discovers that this vampire has connections to her former lover, Bones. Cat still loves Bones, but believes that they can never be together for a variety of reasons. Still, her loyalty to him presents a conflict because her job is essentially to wipe out as many vampires as possible.<br /><br />The world building in these books is so simple, and I mean that in the best way possible. The vampires are presented in a way that's familiar to fans of urban fantasy--they're old and slick and slightly amoral, they have select powers as well as weaknesses, and there's a hierarchical system of government. That's it. Nobody has incomprehensible, complicated powers. They don't have wings. There are ghouls and ghosts, and a hint of a few other things. But no long list of creatures. No glossary or list of vocab words to learn. For me, this is quite refreshing.<br /><br />Though she's lost most of the naivety she showed in the first book, Cat is still a highly conflicted character. Her duel nature and abilities make her lonely. She doesn't go through a dramatic development in this book, but rather makes a few adjustments to her worldview. Mainly this involves her deciding whether to attempt to manage a relationship with Bones, and how to manage her team of human hunters. I didn't mind the very linear and simplistic character arc, because I felt that the big development had already taken place in the first book.<br /><br />I'm a fan of Bones. He's intriguing and sexy, and has a lot of interesting history to delve into. I was happy to see him front and center in this story. And oh my, the relationship between Cat and Bones gets STEAMY. I liked the secondary characters as well: Tate, Juan, etc. It made me smile to see Cat acting as their leader. The friendships were oddly heartwarming. I'm hoping to see each of them fleshed out more later in the series.<br /><br />The plot doesn't flow very smoothly. At times it seems like a series of loosely related events, some of which connect and make sense in the end and some of which were pretty unnecessary. There's a subplot where Cat dates a human named Noah that pretty much goes nowhere. She doesn't feel much for him beyond not hating his company, and their interactions are weak and limited. He could have been removed from the story entirely without any real effect. I thought this was a wasted opportunity, since actively dating a human guy might have showed an entirely different \\"human\\" side of Cat. There were a few other half baked little subplots that I think may or may not be addressed in future books. The bottom line is, the story lacked somewhat when it comes to focus.<br /><br />I think if your in the mood for a vampire story, the Night Huntress series is a pretty good bet. Interesting characters, lots of action, and plenty of romance. 3.5 stars.riendships were oddly heartwarming. I'm hoping to see each of them fleshed out more later in the series.    The plot doesn't flow very smoothly. At times it seems like a series of loosely related events, some of which connect and make sense in the end and some of which were pretty unnecessary. There's a subplot where Cat dates a human named Noah that pretty much goes nowhere. She doesn't feel much for him beyond not hating his company, and their interactions are weak and limited. He could have been removed from the story entirely without any real effect. I thought this was a wasted opportunity, since actively dating a human guy might have showed an entirely different \\"human\\" side of Cat. There were a few other half baked little subplots that I think may or may not be addressed in future books. The bottom line is, the story lacked somewhat when it comes to focus.    I think if your in the mood for a vampire story, the Night Huntress series is a pretty good bet. Interesting characters, lots of action, and plenty of romance. 3.5 stars.
B004YXE438|4.0|A great puzzler for android. Yes, their are tons of puzzle apps for Android, but many of them are kinda lame. This one has solid puzzles, nice controls, great presentation, and I even enjoy the music between puzzles (nice touch). Overall solid, definitely give it a shot.
B000W7JWUA|4.0|I bought this game over the summer to have something to do when friends came over. Wow. I think we ended up playing this game almost every day. It is that fun! Settlers of Catan is a trading and territory strategy board game. It is like a cross between Chess and Monopoly. I have to admit, I brought out the competitive side in me, perhaps too competitive.     As for cons, I think the board's construction is a bit flimsy. With extended use, the coast pieces wear down at the connections. To note, I do perhaps put the board together incorrectly, as I randomize the coast pieces and do not put them together in the recommended order. The board itself is made up of a type of cardboard. I have seen older editions of the game and think that their designs are better.     Overall, if you are looking for a game to play with 2 to 3 other friends that you can really get into, I would recommend this game, or other editions of it.
1400052181|5.0|The ten years Rebecca Skloot took to write this piece paid off.  The reader is given a thorough and well-written history of medical researcher's struggles with replicating cells and the amazing success that ensued with using Henrietta Lack's cancerous cells.  But not only does the reader follow this trail, but another well researched and thoroughly readable thread about Henrietta Lack's family is given - and her family is fascinating.  The book also provides insight into John Hopkins Hospital in it's early years as well as the doctors who were treating Henrietta and studying her cells.  It was a tad slow at first, but really really interesting as it got going.
B0042U94UQ|1.0|I definitely got my movie in a timely manner but was sold a piece of junk. I put the movie in and 10th minutes into it the movie froze. It wouldn't play the rest of it from that point. I took the movie out and cleaned the disc with a Maxwell dvd cleaner and it still didn't play past that specific part. While cleaning it I noticed a decent sized lil pot hole in the disc that I'm really not sure can be fixed. It's because of that spot that the movie won't play. I suggest that family video check their movies before sending them out.
B004WKOCP8|5.0|All the early reviews for this album, slammed it for not having the hard rock licks they expected in the past from Incubus.  I disagree.  After listening to this album a couple of times, each listen has brought a renewed and admiring appreciation of Incubus's creativity and music.  I would rank this as one of their better efforts.  Maybe not Morning Views stature yet, the album is too new, but certainly much better than Light Grenades which I stopped listening to after a couple of plays.
B003EY7IRC|5.0|Great stories. MOning draws you into her world and you stay with her to the end. I loved it!! Loved Mac and I loved Jericho. Read it you won't be disappointed
B004YXE438|4.0|i love the idea of it being a challenge. very thought out abd fun game. suggest to others for hours of fun!
B004SBQAL0|5.0|I absolutely LOVE and am obsessed with this movie. Any critic that has downed it, needs to find another job. I wouldn't change one scene in it....it is AWESOME!!! Maybe it urks them because there are no sex scenes, bad language, drugs or intense gory violence. I have literally seen this movie 23 times!!! A big high five to the directors and all involved in making this uplifting movie. I am eagerly waiting to hear when the sequel will start filming!! Can't wait!!! Love all the characters. Even Kevin Durand's mean character adds a touch of humor to the bad guy!! Love this movie!
B000007VCO|5.0|This is one of my favorite Santana albums.  I have listened to it many times over the years for the calming, and the feeling of serenity it gives me.  If your expecting the Santana of Supernatural, or The Best of Santana, this is not the album.  The album was made to be listened to as a synergy of songs.  Songs blend together into a complete album with one song running into another to form a complete whole.  The album falls into the spiritual Santana, like Illuminations or Caranvansari, and was done when Santana was in his Devadip period.  A beautiful work of art played by an all-star line up of musicians.
B00028HBKC|2.0|This movie is more like a propaganda film. None of us will ever know for sure about the historical Jesus, since he lives more in myths and beliefs than in historical chronicle. How did Mr Gibson know about the level of cruelty shown? Moreover, Jesus was depicted more like the conventional iconography--caucasian male with a beard and long hair. How did a hard working carpenter look in 2000 yrs old Middle East? Certainly not like the one shown.  However, this movie did one good thing for me: reminded me about the necessity to cultivate compassion for fellow human beings. On the other hand, for the simple-minded, literal believer, this movie will generate hate, vengeance, and totally undeserving surge of emotion.  From that standpoint, I must say, this movie fell short as a visual art.  Watch it, but please \\"watch out\\" about what you feel.
B000002LFZ|3.0|I got a used disc.  I only paid $5.19 for it.  You get what you pay for - it only played once, then broke my machine.
B004YXE438|4.0|I was surprised to see you can use custom images as puzzles. That&apos;s cool! Its neat that there is a &apos;song&apos;. Seems like it could be an addictive game.
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|I love this movie, and even though the price was discounted, the full movie and features were on the disk, however the disk art was downgraded from a picture of Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy to a simple green disk with the movie title. Still a great buy!
B004YEJGEO|5.0|So engaging. Great mental sharpener. Pretty addicting. Hints would be nice, maybe. But, not necessary. Really challenging. Would definitely recommend it to a friend.
1423101502|3.0|Percy is taking Rachel for a drive when a pegasus lands on the car's hood and the war starts. Percy and Beckendorf set out to blow up the liner \\"Princess Andromeda\\" loaded with monsters, Luke, and the titan Kronos. But this action is expected and, although the ship is blown up, Beckendorf gives his life in the process. Serena, back at Camp Half Blood suffers from it and it is almost useless, Kronos is only slightly delayed, not seriously hurt as everyone hoped. But that is the author, he knows what he wants and we must take what he gives us. There is a huge reader audience who must also want it, reviews are great and sales are high. So on with the war. Here Riordan does not have old myths to fall back on, he must wage war on his own. And I don't think he knows how to do it. I never felt part of the fighting, I was always divorced from the action, as though I were a TV viewer, not a participant. What kind of fighting is it when one strikes, the other parries, all conflict seems to be one-on-one and sequential. Yes, all entrances to New York are attacked simultaneously but even  this seems wrong to me. Read military strategy, some points are attacked strongly while others are only feinted at to split the defenses, the attacker knows which points are really under true attack and when, he hopes to split defensive effort and then come in at his selected targets with massed attack before defense can swing their forces back into action at these points. There is much more to it than that, Riordan ignores it all and lets Percy, a tyro in warfare, spread his forces to cover all points, then Kronos just throws his forces at them, no strategy. There are video games extant that should or could be used to create more realistic scenarios.       Magic is used but only offensively, countered by defensive magic, again no strategy. So we have to throw out all the fighting, it is meaningless and if we do so we have destroyed the book, what is left? War is hell, not a series of controlled actions. There is pain, death, confusion, terror, even panic, where does Riordan even mention it? More wounding than death occurs, there are sallies, traps, advances and retreats, and officers to give commands in real warfare , I could go on and on, all I can say is, there is fighting continually in the book, it seems to be operating under the marquess of Queensbury rules or at least a similar set. All the fighting in the book can be skipped, it is meaningless and when once we have done so, we are left with  a few pages of loose ends to clean up. How can people read such trash?
B0040JHL1I|5.0|These shoes are going to help me win the NY Marathon, well maybe not win, but at least finish in the same day that I start.
B005DD7H50|5.0|Limitless is a fascinatingly good movie about Eddie Mora's rise to power using a brain-stimulating drug called NZT. The first time he pops this drug, a whole new world opens up to him because his brain is operating at maximum power. Very cool to watch this happen. Even cooler is that there are others who know about NZT and some are using it themselves. What unfolds is a dangerous game of minds to see who comes out on top. Bradley Cooper gives a great performance and so does De Niro.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|I got this the other day when it was free but i would have gladly paid for it. Great game all around, and very unique. Like someone else said, its a nice break from angry birds. This is my new favorite. Looks and runs great on my droid 1, cant wait to play it on the bionic. The instructions are a little small but I wouldnt give a lower rating over that like some others have. Highly recommended game. Its definitely worth the price. Great job dev.
0061928356|5.0|This book captivated me from the start. Honest, whole-hearted, and written with abundant detail about India, its cuisine, culture, and history made me itch to travel there. It handles adoption - and international adoption - with such grace and complexity. Beautiful novel - highly recommend.
B004SBQGHS|1.0|I have all stars on every level and I&apos;m tired of waiting for updates. Time to move on to something better...
B004YEJGEO|1.0|So I tried to download this yesterday and it never downloaded. I don&apos;t know what the problem was. Oh well.
B0017KIBAI|5.0|Not only is this perfectly colored to match the white Wii but the box is entirely in Japanese! As a Japanese major that made this purchase even cooler so I kept the box.
0553801473|3.0|This book is overlong and boring. I liked the first three books (I finished the third a week before this book was published) and put off reading the fourth because I wanted to go ahead and read the fifth--I heard books 4 and 5 take place relatively at the same time, just with different characters. I eventually read (and liked) the fourth.<br /><br />Edit:<br />I originally gave this one star, but I think it had more to do with me than the book. Sure, it's way too long considering not much happens. I hate spending so much time on one book. By the time I finished, I was angry. Nearly two years later, I don't hate it as much. I'm about to re-read the series. Maybe when I get to this book, I'll like it more.
B004SBS8LA|1.0|Bring on the updates already. I am getting tired of waiting! I have all available stars, and I am getting bored.
B004YEJGEO|4.0|A great game that&apos;ll pull you in. The only problem is that the game will glitch every now and then with the doors and with the more complex prism puzzles.
B004YXE438|5.0|This is a wonderful app!   It&apos;s nice to get away from the games that are reflex and time based for a change.  This can be as simple or challenging as you choose to make it.  Be careful, it can be addicting.  This app would be worth paying for.
B004HGBUXE|4.0|Lucinda has a good voice with lot's of blues potential, but the CD had too       many ballad type songs, I am more of blues person.\RP
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I downloaded a copy of The Hunger Games after hearing great reviews from a friend. I wasn't disappointed and I immediately read it a second time after finishing it.    Katniss has spent every day trying to survive, and she continues to be strong-willed during The Hunger Games. It's nice to have a lead female character who is so strong and honest. She also has a sense of humor.     The book clearly showcases oppression and an unjust government. It also has the message of believing in yourself and overcoming adversity.
0671027344|5.0|Besides \\"Thirteen Reasons Why\\" by Jay Asher, I have never read a book so difficult to read(in a good way). It was so honest, and brought me to near tears more than once. I felt like I knew what Charlie was feeling, and several times I had to set down the book so that I could relax enough to continue reading. It was absorbing, full of good music and books. It also reminded me of \\"Looking for Alaska\\" by John Green. I would absolutely recommend this to anyone. It upset me so much, but it also made me feel infinite.
0240815807|5.0|There's a lot of people like me out there.  Pretty good at recording and pretty good at playing music.  You know about recording software and how to use it.  You can play in the pocket.  You know how to groove.      Then you mix your work, and listen to it on a different system, or in the car and it doesn't hold up.  I've been living like this for years.  About two years ago I decided to make my masterpiece.  I'm now at the mixing stage, and bought this book about a month ago.  I read it first for \\"fun\\" and now am going back over it again, and actually doing the things recommended.      While I don't have a finished product yet, I already know that I will have a much better product than I've ever had before.  This book is great for anyone wanting to learn about the mix process.  It's pretty involved and quite technical, buy yet doable at the same time.  You do need some discipline to get through it, but it's worth every minute.    I highly recommend \\"Mixing Secrets for the Small Studio\\" and I hope you enjoy it as much as I have!
0553801473|3.0|I love Martin's works. I love Westeros and its mythos. I have come to care about Winterfell, King's Landing, Riverrun, Harrenhal, and Castle Black. Even Sunspear and the Iron Islands, and Braavos. But ADWD did little to make me care about what happens to Meereen.<br /><br />Theon's arc is wonderful and a flash of the brilliance Martin has shown in Thrones and Swords. Griff and Victarion had some great chapters and look forward to more of them. But those are about the only highlights of this weighty novel until some fine ending notes.<br /><br />My major concerns:<br /><br />1. Jon and Dany politicking is important, but the process is boring and repetitive. Cut down to half the number of chapters for each of them and you wouldn't miss a beat.<br /><br />2. Tyrion spends the greater portion of this book trying to make himself, my former favorite character, as unlikable as possible. In addition, his journeys through Essos are even less interesting than Brienne's wanderings, because we are not invested in the places or the people around him like we are in Westeros' riverlands.<br /><br />3. Bran and Davos' story arcs are important and exciting, until they get cut off halfway through to the book so we can endure Dany's pining for Daario for another chapter or two.<br /><br />4. Quentyn's tale feels like such a waste of pages. I wanted to care about it, I really did, but all I got out of it was agreeing with his companion Arch about wanting to leave Slaver's Bay.
B001DF68MA|4.0|I like the new features on this WeeRide compared to my earlier model.  The only thing I would like different would be having the adjustable foot section go lower so an older child would have more leg room.  All my grandchildren have enjoyed riding the WeeRide.
B004UID2LC|3.0|has the new update messed up the program ? \nI can&apos;t view half the stuff I used to see and can not download anything all now.
B004YXE438|5.0|I haven't stopped doing puzzles since I got this. The graphics are great, there are varying levels of difficulty, and it's just all around fun.
B004YXE438|5.0|have not play any other puzzle game before. but this seems quite addictive. pics are nice too. i love it
B001AVCFK6|1.0|This movie has endless flaws in the lighting. Streaks of lights, and colors mar this copy. I have hundreds of blu rays, and this is by far the worst I,ve ever seen. Save your money until they get it right, and make the blu ray the way it was intended to be. People will right a review based on their subjective view of the plot, and summary, etc. of a movie when they should review the quaulity of the blu ray transfer. I could give two....(expletive) about the die hard Trekie fans techical input about story line etc. That does'nt make it a bad Blu Ray Disc!
B004YXE438|5.0|As of this very moment it says $1.60. For those who are writing to say it&apos;s NOT free, please sell your phones and don&apos;t come back! Wait, let me say that again, WAIT a few minutes, even a half hour, it WILL say Free! This has been a public service announcement! ;)
0307477479|1.0|This may well be a fine book but personally I refuse to pay more for the kindle edition ( which is what I'd like to have ) than the paper edition.
6305313687|5.0|Absolutely stunning, a movie that goes from the pits of hatred through the eyes of those who feel that they are cheated, that nonWhites take everything from them and pollute the country, to eyes no longer clouded by hate when life is in late bloom. What starts steady and rises higher and higher its characters forming and reforming constantly the range of motions that goes with the dialogue is all too real and brings the feelings home. Every actor/actress, the writes, director, every part of this movie and its crew went all out to create a diamond that everyone should watch at some point in their life. At least before its too late.
B004UID2LC|3.0|this was a great app but one day it mysteriously stopped working. what gives? I used it all the time go create mp3&apos;s from videos. please get it working again.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|Everything I wanted in a handheld puzzle game. Easy to pick up and play and can be quite challenging. Get it!
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|While I did find this book a little slow and harder to get into, it was still very well written.  Now I can't wait until March 2012 for the movie to come out.  I'll be there with my Mockingbird t-shirt at the front of the line.
B0018LX9T4|4.0|NOT what I expected.  It covers a topic sensitive to many and one should be well informed about this movie before purchasing it.  It was a good movie but ONLY for open minded adults who don't get offended easily.
B002JVWR4U|4.0|First off, Season Two of Dollhouse is amazing. Things move from Season One and leap down an elevator shaft with the express car rocketing towards, both on a non-stop trip to hell. Everything gets worse, and the show is better for it. Season Two is much, much darker than the previous, as we see the evil inherent to the tech and how it begins to spiral out of control.<br /><br />I refuse to list spoilers, but if you liked Season One, be sure to watch this, the final season. It wraps up very nicely, if not prettily.<br /><br />The sound track of the DVD is a bit wonky through a 2-channel track, specifically on Disc Three: the sound dips to a whisper then fluctuates back to an audible level several times. Through 5.1, the effect is pretty much nullified. The quality of the sound on DVD is just enough to be annoying and it is why I marked the set at 4 stars. If it were just rating the show, then it'd be 5 stars, without a doubt.
140053271X|5.0|I went to shop for an E-Reader and asked numerous questions at my local Best Buy. I asked lots of Kindle vs Nook questions. I did not realize at the time that the sales girl that was assisting me knew nothing about either. She answered my main questions incorrectly and I left Best Buy under the impression that I would have no problem viewing pdf files on my Kindle. Got home and uploaded my vast collection of books (in pdf format) only to realize that I had been misinformed. Pdf files are NOT viewable on your Kindle and the conversion process is complicated. I could BUY a program to convert the files or I could pay Amazon \\"a small fee\\" to convert them for me.<br />I took my Kindle BACK to Best Buy and spoke to another Sales guy that was very helpful and explained to me that the Nook will EASILY read my pdf books. No converting, no paying a fee. Just upload and read. I exchanged the Kindle for The Nook Simple Touch Reader.They were the same exact price. After having had both amount the same amount of time, I already can see that my Nook is KICKING KINDLE'S BUTT. It has a touch screen and no keyboard. You can upload a few different file types and read them easily. It has an Sd Card slot for expandable memory. For $139.99, The Nook Simple Touch Reader is a way better value. I LOVE MY NOOK
B000PKG7I4|5.0|These songs are soulful, rich, beautiful, fresh, clean, clear and innocent; matching Amy at the time.  Such a tragedy and waste that her songs, and she, changed.
1439102813|5.0|Thank goodness there are authors who can research and tell the story of life as succinctly as the author.  A timeliness of this subject brings to reality the life rendering effects onto the person and family.
0061438294|4.0|Started reading the book and it's awesome so far. I haven't gotten to read that much because I've been busy but it came quickly and in the condition it was described and I hope to have time to read more of it before school starts.
0393338398|5.0|This book greatly enhanced my knowledge of baseball and taught me a ton in the process. Even my non baseball fan friends have loved this book.
B004ZZS4CC|5.0|This book was very inspiring. I can't believe how Jaycee Dugard got through all that torture and terror, and still has a pretty normal life today. I would recommend this book to anyone who is not afraid to learn about how terrible the world can be, but also how wonderful it is.       I hear about all of the terrible things that are happening in our world, like Casey Anthony and Amanda Knox, and think, how this is just another one of these terrible cases. This book was about survival and perserverance, put into the perfect combination. This was a memorable book for me and everyone else who has heard of this case.
B003Y5H5AG|4.0|I just finished watching Smurfs with my kids in the movie theater and definitely recommend it to children agest 7-12.  To properly rate this movie, I'll comment on it from the standpoint of \\"should you take your kids to see it?\\"  The movie itself is good with an easy storyline to follow.  Gargamel wants to capture the \\"essence\\" of the Smurfs so he can be the besdt magician in the world. To do that, he needs to capture one of the Smurfs and the movie goes about telling the story of how he tries to do that.  I thought that a child under the age of 7 will likely not get all the innuendos and may even be scared at certain points in the movie--especiall of Gargamel.  12 year old on the other hand are about at the ceiling where they would find the movie funny and entertaining. There are definitely some good jokes that even adults would like--but not enough to recommend it solely for adults who want to see it themselves (although curiously there are always adults in this sort of movie--I kind of wonder why?)  A good flick that is about the right length for kids to sit through with some good action and funny moments.
B003TXKSWK|3.0|The first four tracks are pretty killer. The fifth track starts out with a rap, which I'm not a fan of. After that the tracks just start to sound kinda heavy handed production wise and the whole thing starts to bog down and get a bit long winded. The album picks back up again with the last song which is pretty good. 5 good tracks are going into my collection and the rest ain't gonna cut it.
1416550550|5.0|this book kept you thinking at all chapters, could not wait to the end to figure out the mystery. One of the best book that I have read, highly recommend this book for reading.
B004JZBGWI|5.0|I love this app.  You can create multiple checklists or text lists things you need to do, observations or thoughts.  Great customizable widget.  Backs up information also.  Well designed and useful app.
0307454541|4.0|I definitely enjoyed this book.  It was slow to get into, but once I did I couldn't put it down.  Get past those first few chapters and it'll pay off.  I gave up twice on this book before I pushed through.  I'm glad I did.<br /><br />I expected not to like Lisbeth Salander, but I really did.  She had so many more dimensions than I expected.  The book is dark and twisty.  Be ready for perversion.  People are sick.  (I know this is fiction, but you know it really happens too.)<br /><br />It could have been shorter and an equally good story would've been told.  There are parts that could have been cut out.  It was good nonetheless.
B004VMVTNU|5.0|The app is a must have for anyone who frequently oversleeps.  The math option has different difficulty levels to ensure you&apos;re awake.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|Great game. works smoothly on my Samsung Epic\nthe dev should ignore the idiot who doent know yellow is a primary color. Someone should go back to school
0307591549|5.0|Oh, this book makes me happy. Over and over again. Not only is it a joy to read (how can reading about happiness not be uplifting?), but the clear and easily executable principles for achieving happiness are so effective. Think of this book as to how-to of positive psychology.<br /><br />Shawn does an amazing job of distilling the research and findings of positive psychology that predict happiness and success into seven key principles:<br /><br />1. The happiness advantage--the way we can retrain our brains to maximize positivity and provide our  the biological advantage needed to optimize our productivity and performance.<br /><br />2. The fulcrum and the lever--the way we can adjust our mindset (fulcrum) to be able to have the power (lever) to be more fulfilled and successful.<br /><br />3. The tetris effect--the principle by which we retrain our brains to spot patterns of possibility and opportunity, instead of getting stuck in spotting patterns that focus on negativity.<br /><br />4. Falling up--how we can not only get ourselves up after failure or suffering, but also become happier and more successful in spite--and because--of the fall.<br /><br />5. The Zorro circle--the principle by which we can regain control when feeling overwhelmed by focusing on small and manageable goals, and gradually expanding the circle to achieve increasingly bigger ones.<br /><br />6. The 20 second rule--how we can decrease the \\"activation energy\\" of forming new (and healthier) habits by rerouting the path of least resistance.<br /><br />7. Social investment--the principle by which we can invest more in our social networks, which are one of the greatest predictors of happiness and success.<br /><br />Turning convention beliefs upside down, the book shows how success does not lead to happiness, but happiness leads to success. In other words, the more positive our brains are, the more likely we are to succeed. As the author explains, the Happiness Advantage \\"asks us to be realistic about the present while maximizing our potential for the future. It is about learning to cultivate the mindset and behaviors that have been empirically proven to fuel greater success and fulfillment. It is a work ethic.\\"<br /><br />Shawn's poignant quote of: \\"Happiness is not the belief that we don't need to change; it is the realization that we can\\" nicely encapsulates the message of this book. Life is not about chasing the happy ending; it's about unblocking our potential by cultivating happiness now.<br /><br />I guess it goes without saying that I happily recommend this book. :)It is about learning to cultivate the mindset and behaviors that have been empirically proven to fuel greater success and fulfillment. It is a work ethic.\\"     Shawn's poignant quote of: \\"Happiness is not the belief that we don't need to change; it is the realization that we can\\" nicely encapsulates the message of this book. Life is not about chasing the happy ending; it's about unblocking our potential by cultivating happiness now.     I guess it goes without saying that I happily recommend this book. :)
B004GYY714|5.0|Works great. Even has a station that plays Christmas music all year. Loads  very fast. Quality is great. Easy to use.
B004YXE438|5.0|A well made puzzle game! Easy to use, yet challenging to solve! Use of custom pictures is great. Looking forward to playing!
B003Y5H57E|5.0|I was totally expecting to be bored watching this movie and that it would be a waste of money.  Boy was I wrong.  I never laughed so much at a movie in a long long time.  Steve Carell is absolutely awesome.  Ryan Gosling is more than just a pretty face in this, but it's a plus.  So can't wait to get it on DVD so I can laugh some more.  LOVE IT!!!
B002MQYOFW|3.0|[[ASIN:B002MQYOFW The Hunger Games]] drew my attention through its large number of 4- and 5-star reviews and its long run in the popularity charts. I found it to be a fairly good novel, but, when all was said and done, the entertainment gauge came up only to Fair. In spite of the large number of reviews, I didn't find the few that seemed just right, so here's my take.    The premise of the book is extrapolated from the popular TV Reality Show genre together with a few other fictional plot themes, such as the \\"despotic, decadent government,\\" and \\"kids forced to cope with terrible circumstances\\". The plot was good, with plenty of twists at regular intervals, the writing was clear and straightforward, and the central characters were interesting. However, nothing rose above the ordinary, and the ending was a complete non-ending.    I appreciated the author's avoidance of three over-used writers' crutches: profanity, sex, and gore. The presentation is suitable for a youth audience, and probably much healthier than many books, movies, and teen-oriented video games. It could serve as a stimulus for moral discussion, if parents or adults can avoid being too dogmatic. The book itself does not preach, and the characters as individuals are painted in different moral shades of gray. No superheroes and not much focus on super-villains.    It was an enjoyable read, and the plot moved well enough to keep me wondering about the outcome. But, after finishing the book, I have no interest in the remainder of the series.
0446581348|5.0|I got this book for my daughter, and she is very happy with it, I also received it on time. Thanks !!
0525951652|5.0|I was enthralled from the first page.   Yes, the battle scenes from WWI were a little long, but I felt with the characters and can't wait for the second part.  Also, I must admit I understand the WWI background much better now, even though I had read a lot about that particular era before. The slippery slope to catastrophy is very well depicted.
B004YXE438|5.0|Great graphics, easy to understand interface, cool images, good options (#of pieces, degree of difficulty, choose your own photo). This is a really well made app!
B003UESJFG|4.0|What fun! Megamind is fine for children, but there's plenty in it for adults, too. Here's the plot: Megamind (whose head is unnaturally large and whose skin is a bright shade of blue) and Metro Man (who looks deceivingly human) are sent to Earth from dying planets when they are just babies. Metro Man (voiced by Pitt) has the good fortune to land in a mansion, where he's adopted by a wealthy family. Megamind (voiced by Ferrell) lands in the yard of a prison.<br /><br />As the two grow up, they find themselves at odds. Metro Man is always receiving praise and saving people. Megamind, unfortunately, undertakes several science experiments that go wrong, bringing scolding and punishment from the same teachers that dote on lucky Metro Man. In exasperation, Megamind finally decides being bad is the only thing he's good at, so he chooses a life of crime.<br /><br />For the next decade or so, the two aliens battle it out against the backdrop of Metro City, their epic struggle covered in detail by local news reporter Roxanne Ritchi (Fey). In a fluke plan, Megamind apparently kills poor Metro Man. Suddenly, the outcast has achieved his dream - a city he can rule with impunity. But all the stolen loot and fancy paintings in the world don't satisfy him now that his archenemy is gone. Purposeless, Megamind finally has to come to terms with who he is and what he really wants in life.<br /><br />I thought this movie was a hoot. I laughed out loud several times and found myself smiling throughout. The scripts is smart and funny, with quick pacing and an especially lovable protagonist. Voice work was excellent, and the animation was fun, too!
B002E2QHBS|3.0|I got the impression that this boxed set would include a sampling of every artist or band who played at Woodstock in the order of their appearance at the festival.  However, Ten Years After, The Band, and the Keef Hartley Band are all omitted.  I especially don't understand why Ten Years After is missing from this set since they appeared on the original 3 lp set, and in the academy award winning documentary.  Otherwise, this is a wonderful representation of the music, atmosphere, and history making event at Woodstock.
B001KVZ6FW|5.0|This computer-animated feature won all sorts of awards when it was released back in 2009. In the film, Carl Fredricksen (voiced perfectly by Ed Asner) is heartbroken over the loss of his wife, Ellie. The last holdout in a city block destined for high-rise office buildings, Carl is ousted from his home. Rather than turn over the house where he and his late wife enjoyed many years together, Carl ties thousands of helium balloons to the structure and lifts off for a grand adventure.<br /><br />Unbeknownst to Carl, however, over-eager scout Russell (Jordan Nagai) is trapped on the porch of the floating building. Begrudgingly, Carl teams up with Russell for a hair-raising, heart-warming caper through South America.<br /><br />I loved this movie. LOVED. I laughed. I cried. I was completely charmed.<br /><br />I'm not sure that very young children would understand many parts of the movie. Integral to Carl's character is the loss of his wife, which may make for some difficult explanations. However, the movie offers touching comment on love, loss and the true spirit of adventure.<br /><br />This movie is sooooo worth seeing.
B0002X314C|5.0|Good morning!  I can't wax poetic or offer reviews like these other talented reviewers, but I do know that this album is all I could ask for...it's so beautiful and amazing sounding, that I can't get enough..I'll see him in concert this month, so I bought Moms the new CD to listen to...too bad it couldnt be more like this...(music keeps changing, of course)...I'm sorry the person  found it offensive...I'm always too dreamy listening to the lovely melodies and beautiful songs, that I can't hear the negative....incredible...buy a few for gifts..you and your friends wont be disappoined...peace...great for getting lifted or not, great...haha
B004YXE438|5.0|The game is actually very fun. It definitely has the &quot;just one more&quot; effect on you. Next thing you know you&apos;ve blown through an hour just rearranging puzzle pieces. Nice clean UI, none of the usual permissions that will scare the conspiracy theorists (however I see even NO permissions will scare some). Overall great game even at regular price.
B003Y5H542|1.0|Off the charts for boredom, uninteresting story, characters no one cares about, lack of drama, lack of comedy, lack of anything.  The animation is perfect, so is the sound, and so are the voices, but those are the only positives.  The film is morbid in the bad sense of the word.  It's not for children, and as an adult I hated it as well.  One of the few films and the only animated film I could not finish watching.  My advice is to skip it and forget it.
B004YXE438|5.0|I&apos;m not a big fan of puzzles but somehow this is still fun. The controls are great,  very easy to use. This is worthy of a download.
B004NNUZ5K|5.0|Hi, I have been home recording for around 5 years  and this is actually the best mixing book I have read.    It has a lot of information on a lot of topics. (Monitors, Room Treatment, Editing, Plugins, Tuning, Timing,  how to use Compressors, Eq, Effects, Reverbs, Delays.)    And it gives you a step by step guide on mixing and a lot of techniques using online examples.    A+++++++++    Thanks Mike Senior
0618918248|5.0|I actually stumbled upon Richard Dawkins one day because I was interested in watching religious debates on YouTube.com. I found his arguments compelling, well thought and obviously inspired by the world around us. The numerous debates I watched were never enough, and I wanted to learn more about where Dr. Dawkins derived his arguments. Thus, I found myself in the local bookstore to purchase his book \\"The God Delusion\\".     For years I had considered myself what Dr. Dawkins called a \\"fence sitter\\". I never wanted to draw conclusions one way or the other because of lack of information either for or against any god. That said, his book made fantastic arguments against the institution of religion that I had previously never considered. He discusses why religion in many senses is dangerous to the human mind, why religion is not necessarily comforting to those who suffer and why action needs to be taken by all who consider themselves skeptical and free-thinkers to rise up and speak in the public arena.  All of this and more was presented in a way that was not only interesting to read, but fun to read. I soon found my position on the fence highly difficult to defend and hopped off onto the side of reason and logic.    After finishing Dr. Dawkins book in under a week (I could barely put it down) I felt compelled to write a short review to praise his work. I find myself now having a clearer understanding of why I have always felt that religion was such a clunky way of describing our beautiful world and our human character. I see now that it takes much more effort than I ever imagined to defend the religious perspective and it is so much more natural and easy to defend the scientific perspective.  This book has inspired me to read other great books to explore further this discussion such as \\"God is not Great: How Religion Poisions Everything\\" by Christopher Hitchens, \\"End of Faith\\" by Sam Harris, and \\"Breaking the Spell\\" by Daniel C. Denett.     As a skeptical person myself,I definitely recommend this book to anyone uninterested in accepting dogma as truth. The truth should be something found and researched, not something that is told to you by a wo/man who says, \\"just have faith.\\"
B004J4WQ46|5.0|This album is a much improvement than their last (not a bad album at all), but on Angles the band seems to hit their stride. It's got kind of an eighties vibe ala The Cars. My favorite track is 'Gratisfcation' which sounds like a lost Thin Lizzy track.  I've had this album on repeat for weeks, and it never gets old. In fact, I enjoy listening to this more than any other of their albums. My previous favorite was 'Room on Fire' but this eclipses it. Not a bad track on it, but listening to it as a whole is how it be.
B004YEJGEO|3.0|The concept for the game is good, however, it is extremely slugish on my atrix. Not sure it&apos;s just on mine but after the third level I just couldn&apos;t play it anymore...
B004YXE438|5.0|A perfect puzzle game with georgous photos and intuitive emplamentation. 3 levels of difficulty on each image,  plus you can turn your own images into puzzles.
B0052UZIFA|2.0|The game works fine on an Optimus V but keeps freezing up a GTablet?! I understand it&apos;s not &quot;tablet optimized&quot; but that&apos;s ridiculous. Will update review when app is updated.
0553801473|2.0|Here's a real Game of Thrones:<br /><br />Repeat the following words 5 billion times:<br /><br />Soldier pines and sentinels<br />You know nothing, Jon Snow<br />Mummer's farce<br />Must needs<br />Would if I could<br />Words are wind<br />Black wings, black words<br />Corn, Corn, Corn<br />Jape, jape, jape<br />If I look behind me I am lost<br />Winter is coming<br />A Lannister pays his debts<br /><br />Then insert them into a meandering story with another 5 billion dead end characters and never reach any sort of conclusion.<br /><br />Also, don't be afraid to spend 5 pages listing out the exact color and appearance of everyone's banners.  Be sure to detail not only what everyone is eating, but what they told their servant to dress themselves in before they ate said described food.  Then add in a few more chapters of obscure characters reciting ancient Westeros history to each other.<br /><br />It's no wonder HBO jumped on this series, it's their bread and butter (Why hello there,  Carnivale).<br /><br />(Under the sea this book's plot actually advances, I know, I know, oh oh oh)
0553801473|3.0|Like many have said, little happens in the fifth book, just like Feast. It's mostly setup, setup, setup then the book is done and you're left feeling unfulfilled. Sure there are some great moments, but I really got tired of reading about Tyrion on another damn boat and Dany's troubles in Meereen. Nonetheless, if you've read the previous 4 books, you're obviously going to read this one too. I'd recommend waiting for a cheap paperback though.
B004HO6I4W|1.0|I really can't review the blu-ray because even after updating the firmware on my Samsung player this disc   just displays black screen. Several members at the Blu-Ray forums have stated Sony players can not play this disc either or will do so with skipping and stuttering issues. Avoid like the plague.
0345529057|3.0|The Kindle collection is extremely hard to navigate.  I can't even get to the third book for some reason (which I am reading) and it jumped all the way to the last book and I accidentally read the last two pages of the last book in the collection (same names throughout, so I thought maybe it was my place).  ARRGGG!!!    I wish I had bought them separately and paid more.  It would have been worth it!    Story is great -- 5 stars.  I had to give three for the poor Kindle collection.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|This game has such a simple concept but around the 10th level I was scratching my head thinking &quot;is this possible&quot;
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|It took me a couple of days to decide how I felt about the conclusion to the hunger game trilogy.  Although some parts were a little over the top overall I loved this book.  Highly recommend.
B004EPYZZ8|5.0|I Just Rented This Movie, Ready To Watch It. I Wasn't Excepting Anything Amazing. BUT THATS WHAT I GOT!!! This Movie Will Pull On Your Heartstrings, & Maybe Even Bring Tears To Your Eyes. But I Loved The Happy Ending!! If You Want To See A Fantastic Movie, Rent This One!!!!!!!!
B004OYUNTG|5.0|My wife got me this watch as an anniversary gift and I love it!!!  It wears very nice on my wrist and feels solid.  The movement is nice and this thing is packed with features, i.e. world time zones, units per hour, and auto illumination.  I just received it and I hope it holds up over time as I am stationed in Afghanistan right now so I should be able to test its durability over the next couple of months.  The coolest thing about this watch is when you set the time.  At first I was trying to figure out how to set the analog hands and then I figured out as soon as you set the digital time the hands will adjust themselves automatically which was pretty cool!!!  All in all a very nice watch.  UPDATE: 2/11/12  Well I have owned it for six months now and all six months I have used it as my daily watch here in Afghanistan and it has held up very well.  No scratches what-so-ever and I am constantly taking it off, putting it in my pocket, and then putting it back on due to the nature of my job and it has held up quite well.  If you are looking for a watch that can be dressy and has great functionality as an everyday watch this is the one!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B004SBQAN8|5.0|I Saw The Previews For This Movie About A Month Ago. I Wanted To See It, Although People Had Told Me It Was Stupid. Well, I Rented It, And I TOTALLY DISAGREE!! The Movies Storyline Was Very Intriguing, & Well Written. The Special Effects Of This Movie Were Amazing!!! The Movie Was Totally Underrated By Critics. See It For Yourself. In My Opionion THIS IS A MUST-BUY!!!!!!!!!
B003CYKCHW|5.0|A mouse of true excellence, the customization options on the mouse are ridiculous. It's extremely comfortable and adjustable. I highly recommend for anyone! Get it while it's discounted!
B004GYY714|5.0|Although I finally moved on to the paid version, I still recommend this to everyone that is looking for a radio app.  Had it on my blackberry then now on my android and it is fantastic.  I get all my local stations plus any genre you could imagine.  It is a must have.
B004ULEEY8|4.0|If you're looking for something novel, you won't find it here. As somebody put it, it's a crossover between Independence Day and Saving Private Ryan, but it's way better than the daft former, with its handheld, visceral photography. There's a little gibberish in the style 'A marine never surrenders', the aliens attack all over the world, but only one marine sergeant figures out how to knock out enemy communications, and yet I enjoyed watching it-it's good fun.
B004YXE438|4.0|I've been playing this for a couple of hours now, just going through the pictures in order and having fun.  I like that you can select multiple puzzle pieces and rotate/move them together, that's a nice touch.  I like that you can add your own images, and I would love to be able to create a list of my own images and maybe even share that list with others.<br /><br />The big thing that keeps me from giving it 5 stars is that it doesn't support multiple players.  It also constantly asks me whether I want easy, medium, or hard puzzles (defined using two settings, the number of pieces and the amount of help provided in solving the puzzle).  Instead it should have a concept of \\"players\\" so that I can set myself up and say in advance whether I want my puzzles easy, medium, or hard and it can stop asking me.  Also, I would like to set my kid up with easy puzzle settings with his own account so that he could start out from the beginning (I'm assuming the images get more challenging as I move through the game).<br /><br />Another strike against it for me is that while the puzzle part of the program works great on my Motorola Xoom, the rest of the pages in the app do not use up the available screen real estate very well (it works, but could be easily improved).  The game works better in Android 3.2 \\"compatibility mode\\" (zoom to fill screen).<br /><br />A fun puzzle game that could be improved, especially for tablets.
B004YEJGEO|4.0|Enjoyable game with small learning curve.  Apparently the tactile vibration cannot be turned off like the sound.  This is annoying enough to keep me from playing this game.  Hope it is rectified.  Droid x
B004YEJGEO|3.0|This game has a solid concept, the graphics are adequate (nothing too complex is required), and the levels can be fun.    Two criticisms:  The game doesn't do a very good job teaching you what to do.  The \\"hints\\" are really instructions on how to play the game, and sometimes they are not very straightforward.  They also miss a fundamental aspect, which is controlling the individual beams within prisms.  It took me a whole day to figure out level 3, and the only reason I succeeded was due to checking the control options in the menu settings; the default option is to manipulate those beams by tapping the prism, and I still have not been able to figure out how to do that without deleting the object.  But once I toggled to moving by tapping the ring, everything became clear and I was able to move on.     Inconsistent level difficulty (this pertains to the first Sector)  You may take 10 minutes to complete one level, and then in the one following the solution is immediately apparent and you are done in literally 10 seconds.    Overall, the game is worth your time and $0.99 if you can figure out how to move the beams on level three.    (After figuring out the main hang-up, I have revised the language of the review and changed the rating from 2 to 3 stars).
0062112430|5.0|Wow, this book was fantastic!  In the dystopia genre, I already love The Hunger Games, Divergent, and Matched.  I now have another book to add to my LOVE list.  This was a fantastic book!<br /><br />Lauren Oliver is an incredibly gifted writer.  The characters are so believable and so well-written- I am very impressed!  I know there have been comparisons about this book and Matched.  It is true that they do have similarities, both have societies where love is minimal and your life is laid out for you.  They both have a main character that rebels from that idea.  However,  both authors do a great job of keeping the storyline fresh.  While reading Delirium, I never thought about Matched.  I was so engrossed in the story that I didn't really compare it to any book.  It really was that good.<br /><br />I really hope you will go pick up this book- it is absolutely worth it.  The only thing that makes me sad- I have to wait until next March to read the second book in this three book series.  So sad.<br /><br />This is my favorite poem- and it was in Delirium- enjoy:<br /><br />i carry your heart with me - e.e. cummings<br />i carry your heart with me (i carry it in<br />my heart) i am never without it (anywhere<br />i go you go, my dear; and whatever is done<br />by only me is your doing, my darling)<br />  i fear<br />no fate (for you are my fate, my sweet) i want<br />no world (for beautiful you are my world, my true)<br />and it's you are whatever a moon has always meant<br />and whatever a sun will always sing is you<br /><br />here is the deepest secret nobody knows<br />(here is the root of the root and the bud of the bud<br />and the sky of the sky of a tree called life; which grows<br />higher than the soul can hope or mind can hide)<br />and this is the wonder that's keeping the stars apart<br /><br />i carry your heart (i carry it in my heart)
B000VNMMQG|5.0|Well written, could not put it done.  God's love shines through, forgiveness is pinnacle, and displays how God can change hearts to do great works.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|Great game. Extremely addicting, I love this style of puzzle game. No issues after 3 hours of game play. Controls are responsive and intuitive.
B003274QH6|5.0|Here we have the first season of BREAKING BAD.  It is amazing to realize that it is only 7 episodes for the character, plot and drama development is so thorough and realistic another show would need at least double the episodes to achieve it.  The basic plot is a teacher who finds out he is dying of cancer and thru unexpected situations gets the opportunity to make a great deal of money thru manufacturing meth.  He does so to make money for his family to be able to live on after he dies.  But the show is about so much more than this.  Every character is addicted to something and the introduction into the dark world of drugs is terrifyingly realistic.  This is honestly one of the best shows ever to air on television.  It tells a story that may be too dark for some to handle but the superb acting, writing and directing make it all work.  These characters are all believable, necessary and the intertwining of their lives is seamless.<br /><br />The show also succesfully combines deep psychological profiles of each character mixed with the heavy, often disturbing drama.  And the plot always serves a purpose, is realistic no matter how heavy, and is in no way gratuituous.  And with this show we also get one of the best duos ever in Walt and Jesse.  When Jesse, Aaron Paul, a former student of Walt, Bryan Cranston, joins him in the making of meth a perfect chemistry is formed.  BREAKING BAD also provides the occasional comic break that helps alleviate the heavy drama.  This series is a must for its great acting, superb writing and directing and totally unique premise.  If it sounds like any other series you have seen believe me when I say it is not.  The blu ray of course adds a dimension to the series over that of the dvd.  There are many dark scenes but the detail and clarity still shines thru and the scenes with color and specifically the lovely scenery shots pop off the screen.  Audio is superb.  This is  a series that is dialogue driven but when the action sequences happen nothing is held back.  This series is superb and I highly recommend it.hing is held back.  This series is superb and I highly recommend it.
B0052UZIFA|4.0|Easy to pick up. Hard to put down. Easily worth the money. It&apos;s fun, fun, fun, fun, fun, fun, fun.
B0052VUNHC|3.0|Ok so the this book had a lot of potential in the beginning. I mean the lead haracters were great and Travis was so sweet. BUT What really put me out was his obsession with Abby. It would seem like love but to me it was a bit sickening and obsessive.
B004VMVTNU|5.0|It actually worked! This app gave me no choice but to get out of bed? I have it on the easy level and missed 2 answers.  I love it! \n
0525422943|5.0|This book is beautifully written. I loved it. I couldn't put it down. I felt all the emotions powerfully. I LOVE THIS BOOK.
B00516ZWRE|5.0|Listening to Call to Arms while having morning coffee and enjoying the cool air of a Colorado morning. I usually don't write reviews in the morning like this but in this case i was really impressed by this new album by Saxon.  this is classic metal, heavy, dynamic, diverse, in your face and epic at the same time.  The guitar riffs and vocals are perfect.  The lead singer has not in anyway \\"lost\\" it. In my opinion he is one of the best vocals out there for classic NWOBM which is what he has devoted his life too.  I think this is an amazing piece of work for Saxon.  Fantastic metal ear candy.  Thank you Saxon.
B000063IQP|3.0|With Atem, it's now obvious to me that Tangerine Dream is one of those rare examples where their most popular work really *is* the best stuff they made. Zeit, Phaedra, Rubycon and Stratosfear blow me away. I absolutely love these four albums. Unfortunately Atem is a slight misstep in between two masterpieces (Zeit and Phaedra). Tangerine Dream is just a very inconsistent band. When they're on the money, their work is pure gold. When they're NOT on the money, it's just boring ambient sounds never capable of forming into anything moving or compelling.     The title song is 20 minutes long. Now the first several minutes of this overlong track leaves me completely speechless. It's some kind of intense orchestration with clever drum tricks and a strong focus on melody (which is rare for Tangerine Dream, but when melody occurs I'll welcome it with authority). However after several minutes, this aspect of the track eventually fades away *completely* and we're left with a nearly 15-minute slab of, well, nothing at all. It's either a really bland attempt at recapturing the amazing atmosphere from Zeit with a noticeably updated production sound, or an attempt to copy Pink Floyd's work. Either way it's unimpressive and positively dull to sit through. It's ambience for the sake of ambience. No atmosphere, no appealingly unusual sounds, nothing at all. The final 5 minutes leads careful listeners into thinking the piece is finally developing into something special but... nope. Still carries on with unsuccessful results.     \\"Fauni Gena\\" is 10 more minutes of atmosphere, though with better results this time around (perhaps because some of the aspects like the flute work in the intro totally remind me of late 60's Pink Floyd). Other than that, the song still drags on for several unnecessary minutes without any kind of appealing atmosphere to speak of, but nonetheless it's an improvement over the title song by *far*. Actually I take back the atmosphere comment- this stuff totally makes me think I'm lost in the woods 20 minutes after sunset on a quiet night.  I really enjoy the mellotron work that eventually weaves itself into the picture.  I like this track overall.    Be careful with Atem. It has a few appealing moments, and several bland ones as well. It's not consistent like the four Tangerine Dream albums I mention above, which should *definitely* be your first exposure to this amazing band.
B004YEJGEO|1.0|Difficulty ramps up in level 3 which forced me to stop playing.  It was fun up until that point. Also, the font size is way too small. Un-installed.
B004YXE438|3.0|Won&apos;t install on Droix X. These Apps descriptions should give a list of non-compatible phones so I don&apos;t waste my time downloading them for nothing. Happens a lot with Amazon App Store.
B004YXE438|4.0|Got this as the free app of the day, it works great on my Samsung Fascinate, and is easy to understand.
B0050PLT8W|5.0|I can't tell you how many times I have listened to this album. It's just absolutely one of the best by them.
B0050QV0RQ|1.0|it looks as though it would be a fun game but i am unable to verifvy this as it&apos;s extremely glitchy to the point where it is unplayable. :(
B003UESJH4|5.0|This movie lives up to the multiple Oscar nominations it received, one of the best movies I've seen in quite some time. The actors give you a real sense of who these people were, their role in history, and how they dealt with the situation at hand. The portrayal of historical people of the not-so-distant-past must be quite challenging, and these actors will make you believe in their characters and their relationships to one another. Well done all around - writing, directing, acting, editing - a movie based on solid performance and no gimmicks, a true classic. Wish Hollywood would do more of these.
0786956127|4.0|We set our campagin in the Woods so these worked well. We use them for other settings too, just have to use some imagination.
B004F9OV5C|1.0|I got as far as page 36 where I read that this young man was said to have murdered Philip Wang... what, no trial? To my knowledge, no English newspaper (even Murdoch-owned) would make such a claim before an arrest or trial... No wonder this novel was marked down to $4.95 in my local remainder shop. Enough said - find another book to read.
0316098329|1.0|I am shocked and saddened that so many people gave this book five stars. Did I read the same book?? I have never reviewed a book before, but I feel like I need to put in my two cents here. Jack, the boy who narrates the story, is irritating and unbelievable. The plot is predictable and completely uninspiring. I decided to read the book because it sounded like an incredible story, but it was a total disappointment. If you want to read a GREAT book told from a child's perspective, read Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close; that book had be crying, laughing, and wanting to befriend the main character. Sorry, but I never felt connected to or compassionate towards the characters in Room.
B0007MWZEK|2.0|I purchased this and only had it a week and a plastic part inside that spins the bottom bristles broke. I think they made this product very poorly..
B0053Q9DHW|3.0|I was a little disoriented when this version of Jane Eyre begins not with the child Jane, but with the governess Jane fleeing Thornfield Hall. If you don't know the story, you don't know why she's running blindly across the moors. Even if you do know why, you have no feeling for this Jane Eyre at all.<br /><br />But after processing this dissonance, I could see the beauty of starting the story here. Frankly, I've always thought that the post-Thornfield part of the story with St. John and his sisters was a little long and dull. By fracturing this lengthy part of the book, this movie version deftly dwells on the drama of the Thornfield story.<br /><br />This is a brooding and dark adaptation of the novel. That's a good thing, because it's a brooding and dark story. But I really missed the spark that should be in Jane's soul. As Jane, Mia Wasikowska has the resolve and the inner strength, but she is only given one line in which her sparkle surfaces: \\"No, sir, you are not to be trusted at all.\\" Besides which, about a half an hour into the movie, I noticed how emaciated she is, with that big head look that painfully thin women unfortunately have, and I couldn't focus on the story as I would have liked. I don't know why this is today's conception of beauty. (See Keira Knightly in [[ASIN:B0013XZ6X4 Atonement]].)<br /><br />Michael Fassbender didn't do anything at all for me. Am I the only one who remembers the 1971 [[ASIN:B00005Q4ED George C. Scott/Susannah York version]]? It's still my favorite. It had all the elements of the novel and the characterizations were more complex. Frankly, in this new version, St. John seems like an abuser. That shouldn't be.<br /><br />I became more disenchanted with the movie as it went along, until finally the last scene arrived, one that is delightful for its tender and witty exchange between Jane and Mr. Rochester, giving the reader/viewer the satisfaction of seeing the two roles reversed -- Jane finally in charge, drawing out the denouement, and the humbled Rochester's future in her hands. This version ends abruptly with a 30-second \\"happily ever after\\" scene, awkward kisses substituting for the dialog that enraptures the reader of [[ASIN:B004GHNIR0 Jane Eyre]]. I felt robbed!r's future in her hands. This version ends abruptly with a 30-second \\"happily ever after\\" scene, awkward kisses substituting for the dialog that enraptures the reader of [[ASIN:B004GHNIR0 Jane Eyre]]. I felt robbed!
0756405890|5.0|This is Harry Potter for adults. Well written with an excellent ear for dialogue and an epic plot, the only sad thing is coming to the end of the 500+ pages and waiting for the next installment The hero even has a girlfriend I think of like Don Quixote's, although she is more apparent in the book.Plenty of action and inventive magic for a satisfying tale. I recommend this highly with a big thumbs up.
B0052UZIFA|4.0|Had almost all achievements. Finished the game more than once before it got deleted. But I was so close to finishing adventure mode twice. Why does it keep deleting? Why are there goals to reach that you can&apos;t reach since it keeps resetting?
0553801473|3.0|George RR Martin continues his excellent series with this 5th book and thankfully it is an improvement on A Feast For Crows, although it still falls short of the first three books in the series.  Martin's excellent narrative style still makes it an enjoyable read and we get some progress on characters missing from the last book.  Unfortunately there is still very little plot progress, with far too many plot-lines in a holding pattern.  At least we seem poised for progress in the next book.  Considering the very long delay for this book, there may be very high expectations, but readers will enjoy it more if they scale back their expectations on plot progress.
0446530573|4.0|The book was delivered before the estimated time and was in very good state. The stories are amusing for those who watch the series and it contains a lot of interesting recipies (although I must admit I haven't tried them yet)
B004YEJGEO|5.0|my new favorite game! it&apos;s pretty addicting and extremely challenging. I would only recommend it to really patient people though because some of the puzzles require a lot of thought and time to finish.
B002KSPKRS|5.0|Not much to say.  Excellent product.  Can hear everything in the game that you are meant to be able to hear... plus some.
0553801473|1.0|I'm writing this review not because it will be different from what everyone else has said, but because if Martin or his editors/publishers ever looks at what the fans are saying, they need to see as much as possible!<br /><br />This book was bloody awful. Even more so after the amazing first three books. Nothing happens!!! 1000 pages of nothing. It's all politics or very detailed torture. This doesn't make for a good or interesting story. There are far too many descriptions that add nothing, and too much history of the world that does not add to the story. And he's introducing characters and problems that, at this late stage in the series, the audience is not interested in.<br /><br />In his acknowledgments, he says this book was a bastard and a bitch to write. Well, if he hates writing it so much, he should just write one more that ties everything up and ends the series. Two more books on the way? I find that very hard to believe (at the pace this series moves) and even more unlikely is that they will be any good.<br /><br />Don't by this book. If you do, just read the last page or two of every chapter so you're aware of what happened in it, but that should cut down the book to the size it should have been.
B003UYUR0G|4.0|IF YOURE A FAN OF PRINCE OF PERCIA VIDEO GAMES  THEN YOURE  GONNA LOVE THE MOVIE HIGHLY RECOMENDED.
1594744769|3.0|I purchased this book for a 12-year old grandchild and won't be sending it to her. While the story was interesting and fairly well written, one particular sentence referencing oral sex done for remuneration would prevent me from recommending this book for those younger than 15. I am totally not a prude and found that sentence amusing for adult reading; however, since the story itself seems more age-appropriate for children between 10 and 16, that sentence should not have been included.
B004G5ZXVQ|1.0|I kept listening over and over again to see if I was missing something.  I listened loud, soft, straight-through, in pieces.... it was always bad.  The songs go nowhere, say nothing really (except maybe some weird metaphors in Stipe's mind), and are weak musically too.<br /><br />I love most of what they have done over the years, but this disk is laughably awful.  A lot of the lyrics are just \\"yeahs\\", \\"whoas\\", and other filler.  The disk starts (and ends!) with Stipe saying \\"Discoverer\\" over and over again until he gets tongue-tied.  You can tell they were channeling prior hits on some of these songs as if they could not come up with fresh ideas.  The result is just bad.  I could go on all day, but you get the point.<br /><br />There are so many 5 star reviews its impossible they are from relatives of the band and record company execs trying to sell this garbage...  I just don't know what they were hearing.  If this one is 5 stars - the rest of their catalogue is what, 20 stars?  Save your money on this one and pull out \\"Document\\" or even \\"Accelerate\\", or anything but this.
B004YXE438|4.0|Nice puzzle game.  I like the different  challenge levels and puzzle sizes for the same pic and that you can load your own pics.  I give this a 9.5\/10.
B004YXE438|5.0|Another great game to play while waiting in the doctors office. Works on my Cruz tablet.\nWhy do you need to write 20 words on the reviews?
B004CLYKLI|3.0|This book illustrates a good example of the differences of childrearing between Eastern and Western cultures. The rigid structure of raising her children is exemplified by the amount of time she practices playing musical instruments, the lack of social interaction outside of school and the control of extra curricular activities. It become apparent that she wants her children to not only excel but to become the \\"best\\". The issues I would have with these is that what if the child does not want to do these things and even if they do what if they do not want to do them in the manner that she sets out. For example if someone is learning English as a second language it can be argued that it can be taught phonetically or whole word.    Now I am not claiming that there is anything inadvertently wrong with the manner of what she is doing. However, there is nothing within the context of the book that shows that either one of her children has actually used the skill beyond that of impressing her. Playing music is fine but why is she not encouraging composing?     Some of this manner of raising her children actually becomes counterintuitive.  Becoming \\"cosmopolitan\\" by going to various major cities in the world and learning languages is fine...but sheltering your children from the outside world once they are home defeats the purpose. It is implying as if she is making her children into beings that attract attention and then command it. Well who is going to know about them if they cannot do things on their own? Since anyone reading the book knows that these tasks were forced upon her children it actually nullifies how impressive they are. If they decided on their own to do that much practice and wrote their own music then that would be impressive. Simply doing what you are told is not an example of creativity. Furthermore the amount of driving the author does in raising her children to do all of these tasks is insane. This creates a false mentality that all of these things are reachable.It also puts them in an environment where everything is basically controlled and that is not the way how real life is. Unfortunately there are no examples of critical thinking.    The last few chapters which I will not give away save the book from being drivel.  It is a interesting book to examine how much children can be pushed for their parents.          I also find that this book runs a bit shorter than what I thought it would be.  Then again I have my kindle set on the smallest font settings. It feels more like 150 pages and many of them do not have a full page of text. Maybe futures revisions of the book could add more.
B0034KZE9U|3.0|I bought these because I wanted something that was slip resistant and that I could wash off easily. I work with animals and sometimes have to get my feet dirty.    These are comfortable, protect my feet and look good. They do make my feet sweat.     I don't like the back strap. It's not because it hurts or anything like that. It is because when I want to kick off my shoes and they are dirty. I have to pull it down with my fingers. And, sometimes that is a big ICK factor.    The plus side to the strap. My shoes aren't slipping off my feet or  when I am running after an animal. My shoes aren't flying off my feet.    I would recommend to someone that is not looking to be on their feet all day.
0788859544|5.0|Super movie for 3 years old up to 6 or 7.  She watches it over and over.  If you have a little girl in your life between those ages, I highly recommend it.
0062060554|5.0|It is hard to believe it's a debut novel for the author. I have read some excellent books this year, I haven't come across a novel that would appeal to so many readers. This book has all the makings of an absolute block buster. I don't usually read mysteries or thrillers, but gave this book a try due to some good book reviews I read. I am very glad I read it. I enjoyed the book so much, I actually finished reading it while a passenger in a car, and I usually never read in a car since it makes me a little queasy.<br /><br />The story begins as a twenty something Christine wakes up in a stranger's bed unable to remember how she got there. She quickly learns some disturbing facts: the stranger is her husband, Ben who she can't remember at all, she is middle aged and has forgotten most of her life, and she suffers from a rare form of amnesia where she can't retain memories from day to day. As she's trying to cope with all of this information, she stumbles across something more bizarre--a journal where she's been recording her recollections of recent day's events beginning with the title page on which she has scrawled, \\"Don't Trust Ben!\\"<br /><br />And then the story is told through Christine's journal offering the readers an over the shoulder roller coaster ride as Christine tries to determine what has happened to her, and who if anyone she can trust. It's a great book, and is sure to be a hell of a movie. I highly recommend it.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I bought this video thinking I was ready to use it but my dr advised against it because of it's intensity and my weight. I'll be using this after I lose about 25 more pounds.
B004YEJGEO|2.0|Got it on free app day. Couldn&apos;t get past third level and I didn&apos;t really understand what I was supposed to be doing. Looked promising on the first two levels. Uninstalled.
B0050CQY1W|5.0|I love this CD!!! She is really singing and collaborating with other writers which made a difference. She still has her fast dancing songs but she has her ballads. Most of the song I liked the first time I heard them unlike her last album when I had to play it several times to get into it. She has another grammy album !!
B004WKOCP8|2.0|I really liked Incubus when they were full of energy and jammed out the jazz/rock music. I guess now they want to change their direction and go \\"emo\\". I could understand this if the guys were all elderly, but come on, even I fall asleep listening to this CD. WHAT DID WE DO TO DESERVE THIS? You can't get us hooked on the good stuff and then just completely change your entire sound like that. Incubus was not a \\"easy listening\\" sappy \\"emo\\" band before....what the heck happened? Did anyone bother to ASK us if this would fly with us??  It doesn't. I'm very upset and very disappointed.     Brandon - please seek counseling and stay away from the girls until you figure out what keeps going wrong. Mike - don't let Brandon write all the songs anymore. I love you guys, but you have really let me down.
B0055CJ8T2|1.0|I purchased this CD because of the 5 star rating I noticed on Amazon. This is the worst CD I have heard in a long long time. She has too many collaborations with rappers that does nothing for her music. She is too old for the music she is pushing. Same beats, no good slow songs that showcase her voice. Compared to Beyonce's this is garbage--I don't know why she would choose to release her album when Beyonce did. It's just bad, really bad!
B003R4ZMNQ|1.0|Don't waste your time. I had more fun being in a full arm cast for three months than watching this trash. I wish i could give it  zero stars.
B004YXE438|4.0|great little game but I got through all of the pictures in a few day.. haven&apos;t tried the custom image feature yet
B0055SWM08|5.0|Love this game,nice soothing music a good game to play right before bed or when ever you have few minutes to kill excellent graphics
B003Y5H574|5.0|Sometimes I go to the movies expecting something great and the movie turns out to be less than and sometimes I go to the movies expecting little or nothing and the movie turns out to be wildly better than I had expected. The latter is the case with \\"Crazy Stupid Love\\".<br /><br /> A romantic comedy as you might expect. Steve Carell and Julianne Moore sit in a restaurant after a large meal. They were married right out of high school, always together, now with three kids. They say, \\"I can't decide what I want. Let's say what we want on the count of three, one, two three.\\" Carell says \\"Cr&egrave;me Brule\\"; Moore says \\"I want a divorce\\". That sets the stage for what comes next. Moore wants more. She is cheating on him with Kevin Bacon's character.<br /><br /> Carell gets kicked out of his home, no wife and children. Drunk in a bar he bemoans his fate to anyone listening, he says he is a \\"cuckold\\", he bemoans the fact that women don't like him. The young stud womanizer Ryan Gosling hears this raving, feels sorry, offers him a fashion makeover and his favorite stud pickup lines to help him with women. I will not give away more plot but the movie is well worth your time, with lots of commentary on current relationship etiquette.<br /><br />There is a great scene where Carell's date, played by Marisa Tomei, stands on top of a table in a short blue dress and four inch spike heels and proceeds to do a wild, drunken belly flop on top of Carell (see box cover). Pretty, wide blue-eyed Emma Stone plays a smart young lawyer who has heard all the pickup lines. Carell's tween son as a crush on his teen babysitter who is a head taller than him.<br /><br />Emma Stone has come out of nowhere to have three movies out at the same time, this one, \\"The Help\\" and a bit part in \\"Friends with Benefits\\"! Pretty, attractive and an actress I predict great things from her. She was the high school temptress in the movie \\"Easy A\\" .<br /><br />The revelation here is Carell, he can act! He has played a buffoon in \\"The Office\\" for years, he slows great depth and emotional sensitivity here.. Very funny situations and touching!.<br /><br /> Amidst all the plethera of predictable super-hero movies this summer, this is a breath of fresh air. A funny movie with good acting, clever dialog, based in reality, with commentary on the nature of Love. The surprise hit of the season. Out of nowhere!great depth and emotional sensitivity here.. Very funny situations and touching!.     Amidst all the plethera of predictable super-hero movies this summer, this is a breath of fresh air. A funny movie with good acting, clever dialog, based in reality, with commentary on the nature of Love. The surprise hit of the season. Out of nowhere!
630542845X|3.0|Directed by Victor Salva (Jeepers Creepers series), Powder (1995) is an odd tale about a young man with paranormal abilities, who has problems adjusting to society.  The story bumps along slowly unfolding like a mystery, developing on several fronts.  The film seems to have aspirations of saying something quite profound, but it perhaps falls short of meeting them.<br /><br />Jimmy Reed (Sean Patrick Flannery) was raised by his grandparents, who because of his unique physical characteristics educated him at home, and never let him leave their house.  The teenager, nicknamed `Powder', is left alone in the world, when his grandfather passes away, and is found in the basement of his home by Sheriff Doug Barnum (Lance Hendriksen), and Jessie Caldwell (Mary Steenburgen) a psychologist.  The young man is an albino, extremely intelligent, but not used to dealing with people.  His body has a strange electrical charge that draws electricity to him.<br /><br />The story follows Reed's adventures as a ward of the state in a boy's home, and in high school.  Wherever is he is, he doesn't exactly fit in, and strange things keep happening.  An experiment in Donald Ripley's (Jeff Goldblum) physics class, demonstrates how electricity has an affinity for Jimmy, as an arc shoots through his body.  Powder displays many strange abilities, acting as a telepath between Barnum and his dying wife, and displaying an ability to tap into people's thoughts.  Powder is found to be a super-genius, and though Caldwell and Ripley try to help him, no one really understands him or can comprehend that he just wants to go home.  With no place left to go, Powder finds freedom in his own unique way.<br /><br />This is more a drama with some supernatural elements, rather than a science fiction horror film.  Sean Patrick Flannery performance is very strong, and Lance Hendriksen shows his sensitive side.  This may make an interesting watch for some, as the viewer is mostly left to fill in many of the blanks.
B001UV4XIS|4.0|I understand JK Rowling felt at the end she was on a treadmill - write a book, promote the book, consult on the movie, write another book, etc. She is a wonderfully talented fantasy writer but the strain is beginning to show and I am sure she is glad the whole thing is over and she can move on the something more creative and less structured.<br /><br />The acting of the kids Radcliffe, Watson, Grint, etc, has gotten better and better as movies go along. When last we left our hero in part one, England had been completely taken over by Voldemort and his forces. And taken over England looked remarkably like prewar Nazi Germany, Hitler Youth like a far Right-wing take over. Red and black Nazi-ish flags everywhere.<br /><br />Here in the last, Harry Potter and his small cohort of magicians confront the powers of evil incarnate, with pretty predictable results. And predictably, there are always \\"surprises\\": good guys who turn villains and villains who are secret good guys. And a final battle for the world. Lots of special effects and explosions. Very dark. Go expecting the last two movies to be dark and downbeat nearly from beginning to end. What brightness in color and emotion and happiness that is there only comes in the brief d&eacute;nouement. This movie and it's pair may be too negative and intense for young kids.<br /><br />There are two clever lines: in one the ghost of Dumbledore says to Harry when Harry sees a vision and questions it's reality,  \\"Of course it's only in your head. That doesn't meant it isn't real\\" or words to that effect.<br /><br />The other funny line; Harry sees a vision of Charing Cross Railway station (used many times in this series) and says \\"Well it's just like Charing Cross, only clean!\\"<br /><br />An OK movie and a suitable end for the series, but I long for the charm, magic, humor and innocence of the earlier books/movies. More (and better) can be expected from Rowling now that she's' off the treadmill.
B002BU0DPE|5.0|I use this px21 headest for my ps3 and it works great. The chat is excellent and the sound quality is very clear. I got this headset for $58.96. I highly reccomend to anyone interested in this to wait for it to drop down to maximum $60 because this is the highest price I've ever seen for this product on Amazon. Enjoy!
076115678X|5.0|I have 3c tight-curly hair that is mid back length, a lot of it and fine in texture.  This book has some awesome tips, but the daily routine is too time consuming.  I can't see drenching my hair in the shower each day, my hair takes forever to dry.  Plus I don't like using gel on my hair, as even the alcohol and silicone free ones tend to dry out my hair.  If you have tight-curly hair your results could go either way.  I purchased this book along with \\"Curly Like Me\\" by Teri LaFlesh.  The combined results have been spectacular.
0786890762|5.0|I have read some of the negative reviews and am saddened by them! I absolutely LOVED this book. I read some complaints about the format. I listened to it on my commute to and from work on audio book so I wasn't the one having to deal with the format. Also, the narrator read with an Irish accent so it was all the more fun!     I really enjoyed this book completely and highly recommend it. Do note that this book has been released under at least one other name (maybe two others?) so if you read \\"Rosie Dunn\\" and are hoping this is a different book, it is not.     Happy reading (or listening like me!)
B004YEJGEO|4.0|I really want to like this game, but I can not tolerate it&apos;s clear disregard for respect. Yellow is not a primary color, and I find its use both scientifically incorrect and personally disrespectful.
0743497465|1.0|I read Deception Point expecting/hoping it would live up to the da Vinci Code.  It did not.  The characters were unbelievable and the plot was poorly done. The more I read the more I disliked the book.Save your money and your time.  Read something else.
B00136Q342|5.0|Amazing! Knowing the story behind the recording of this album makes the music that much more enjoyable. I don't think it really matters what Johnny Cash sang, with that voice of his anything sounded good!
B004YXE438|5.0|This game requires no permissions! I installed it right away because the game looked appealing, and it was. The gameplay is very simple, as it explains everything right from the beginning, that&apos;s how it&apos;s supposed to be done, take note, to all game devs. I like the idea that you can use your own picture. That&apos;s a neat feature. I&apos;ll be keeping this game on my phone. Although, I feel that the $1.60 price tag is pretty steep, but it&apos;s well worth it, because the UI is very simple to understand and play.
1416972250|5.0|In book three of The Mortal Instruments Clary goes to Idris, the city of glass to save her mother from her magically self-induced coma. I was totally impressed with book three it blew me away who couldn't fall head over hills with the world of Shadowhunters. All Clary's well laid out plans change quickly when Jace decides this is way too dangerous for her. Jace's attempt to keep Clary safe backfires right in his face when they are attacked right before going through the portal and he ends up tagging along Simon. Downworlders are forbidden within the city walls and he becomes not the only downworlder entering the city walls. When Clary finds Jace has left without her she creates her own portal with her newly found powers and draws the perfect rune dragging Luke with her.<br />  As Clary enters Idris she meets some new characters one being Sebastian who at first seems like an ok kid in till everything changes and his evil side truely shines. We find out that Jace and Clary are not brother and sister in this one. I found my self jumping for joy as I read who Jace really was. I pretty much knew who he might be and I was so happy that Clary and Jace could finally be together. Valentine really gives them hell in this one playing with Jaces emotions for him and finding ways to break the spirits of the shadowhunters of Idris. But surprisingly they find their way through he antics with the help of some downworlders which I loved!!<br />  Clary's mom Jocelyn wakes up in this one and we finally get to see what a bad ass she really is. I loved the way Cassandra show a mother's love for her daughter and how much she wanted to protect her. We also got to see more of Magnus and Alec's relationship move forward and him finally telling his parents about him. I loved Magnus and Alec's fighting scene. All of the action scenes where amazing Cassandra never disappoints.<br />Finally the part that really grabbed me, the saddest part in the books so far. I won't give it away except to say that it totally was necessary for the story and made the reader feel the characters loss.<br />  You will not be disappointed by book three so many twist in the story that will keep you guess all the way to the end. In this one we find out what happens with Valentine, who really is Clary's brother, and how do they save the city of glass. Was justice finally served?? Perfect for a young teenager or YA lover!!ay that it totally was necessary for the story and made the reader feel the characters loss.          You will not be disappointed by book three so many twist in the story that will keep you guess all the way to the end. In this one we find out what happens with Valentine, who really is Clary's brother, and how do they save the city of glass. Was justice finally served?? Perfect for a young teenager or YA lover!!
B004RC8NUQ|5.0|I've had this for about 6 months and never watched it, finally watched it and it was so funny. I thought this might not be that good but it was really good, soo funny! What friends with benefits should be about, and what happens when it turns messy! I loved it!
B004YXE438|5.0|The app is really nice and works well on my tab!!  The colors are splendid, controls are easy and the puzzles are excellent!!!
B002BU0DPE|2.0|This was a Christmas present.  Sound quality was fine and the controls and features worked as promised.  Problem is that the headphones are fragile.  A couple of weeks after purchasing they fell off my desk onto the carpet and snapped the tiny little pivot that the earpiece swivels on.  Glued and taped together with one earpiece in a fixed position they survived another few months before a similar incident snapped the other side.     Bottom line - they may be fine for a careful adult but in my opinion they won't survive the typical teenager.
B0013FSXT6|3.0|My wife and I saw this a while back when it first came out, we decided to buy it in blu-ray. It's a different kind of movie just figure out some of the movie....
1417055065|4.0|I watched this 2005 adaptation of Pride and Prejudice some years ago and then forgot all about it. I guess I wasn't really paying attention to it, and decided to give it another go last night. Now, I am an ardent fan of the BBC adaptation starring Colin Firth as Mr. Darcy and Jennifer Ehle as Elizabeth Bennet, [[ASIN:B00005MP58 Pride and Prejudice - The Special Edition (A&E, 1996)]], and the other adaptation I have a fondness for is the one starring David Rintoul as Mr. Darcy and Elizabeth Garvie as Elizabeth Bennet, [[ASIN:B000244FDW Pride and Prejudice (BBC, 1980)]]. Both are faithful adaptations of the novel and I've worn out my DVDs watching them over and over whenever I have the time.<br /><br />This 2005 adaptation is a film version, so it is predictably an abridged version. It stars Keira Knightley (who does well in period dramas, e.g. [[ASIN:B001L57ZZG The Duchess]], and [[ASIN:B0013XZ6X4 Atonement (Widescreen Edition)]]) as Elizabeth Bennet, and Matthew McFadyen as Mr. Fitzwilliam Darcy. Long-suffering Mr. Bennet is played by Donald Sutherland, and Mrs. Bennet is played by Brenda Blethyn. The other daughters are played by Rosamund Pike (Jane), Jena Malone (Lydia), Carey Mulligan (Kitty), and Talulah Riley (Mary). Elizabeth's best friend, Charlotte Lucas is played by Claudie Blakley (who went on to do an amazing job as Emma Timmins in the beloved BBC series Lark Rise and Candleford.<br /><br />So how does this film version measure up to the full-length BBC series? There is truly no comparison. Many liberties have been taken with the storyline such that the essence of the story is there, but many of the finer nuances of Austen's writing and social commentary is quite lost in translation. Both Knightley and McFadyen deliver credible performances, though Knightley's giggly and bewildered looks do tend to get a tad tiresome after awhile. Mr. and Mrs. Bennet are sufficiently adequate in their roles, but the actors portraying them fail to capture the true essence of these two ridiculous characters, especially in Mrs. Bennet's case. Jena Malone also fails to convince as the flirty, silly, and impulsive Lydia Bennet (she really can't compare to Julia Sawalha's infuriatingly convincing performance in the 1996 BBC adaptation). The actor portraying Mr. Collins delivered a tepid performance. Luckily his counterpart in the movie, Charlotte Lucas nee Collins as played by Blakley, is compelling. Lady Catherine de Bourgh, the snobbish wannabe mother-in-law to Darcy, is well-played by Dame Judi Dench (who never fails to deliver in any of her roles).<br /><br />Despite these flaws and the liberties taken with the plot, I did like this adaptation because of several things. The two leads beguile viewers with their strong chemistry. There's a sexual tension between Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy that practically simmers on-screen and draws viewers in. The love-hate relationship and longing that is so evident is credibly portrayed by the two leads, each look, gesture, etc. The cinematography is breathtaking. When I first saw Pemberley in this movie, it just about took my breath away (though the Pemberley featured in the 1996 BBC adaptation will always be my favorite). My favorite outdoors scene in this movie was of Elizabeth standing on the cliffs with the haunting music playing the background...it was just transcendent! Then there's the amazing score. The music is so perfect for this period drama, and Dawn is one of my favorites. The music is memorable and can very well be a classic, just as the score to the 1996 BBC adaptation is.<br /><br />All in all, I was glad I watched this again, and will add this adaptation to my Pride and Prejudice collection.iculous characters, especially in Mrs. Bennet's case. Jena Malone also fails to convince as the flirty, silly, and impulsive Lydia Bennet (she really can't compare to Julia Sawalha's infuriatingly convincing performance in the 1996 BBC adaptation). The actor portraying Mr. Collins delivered a tepid performance. Luckily his counterpart in the movie, Charlotte Lucas nee Collins as played by Blakley, is compelling. Lady Catherine de Bourgh, the snobbish wannabe mother-in-law to Darcy, is well-played by Dame Judi Dench (who never fails to deliver in any of her roles).    Despite these flaws and the liberties taken with the plot, I did like this adaptation because of several things. The two leads beguile viewers with their strong chemistry. There's a sexual tension between Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy that practically simmers on-screen and draws viewers in. The love-hate relationship and longing that is so evident is credibly portrayed by the two leads, each look, gesture, etc. The cinematography is breathtaking. When I first saw Pemberley in this movie, it just about took my breath away (though the Pemberley featured in the 1996 BBC adaptation will always be my favorite). My favorite outdoors scene in this movie was of Elizabeth standing on the cliffs with the haunting music playing the background...it was just transcendent! Then there's the amazing score. The music is so perfect for this period drama, and Dawn is one of my favorites. The music is memorable and can very well be a classic, just as the score to the 1996 BBC adaptation is.    All in all, I was glad I watched this again, and will add this adaptation to my Pride and Prejudice collection.
0385339585|5.0|This is a great read.  I haven't read Grisham in a while and I was mesmerized by the story line.  I was totally taken in by each character and could barely put the book down.  Having lived and worked in developing countries - I found Grisham's descriptions of the landscape, the people, the atmosphere extremely believable. Excellent read!
B0034G4ORC|2.0|Don't let the title of this review skew you from watching this as it is worth watching at least sometime in your lifetime and a lot of money was spent making this movie. But it seems bipedal aqua aliens and Lamborghini jet hovercraft once again wish to ravage the earth's natural resources (see Independence Day, Skyline, War of the Worlds, Signs, Mars Needs Women, and Battlefield Earth minus jumbo dredlocked Travolta).  Oh yeah add the movie \\"Attack of the Killer Tomatoes\\" to your reference list.    Thus the gruff Marine Staff Sergeant (not Clint Eastwood but Aaron Eckhart) with a troubled history seeks redemption and honor by leading an unknown band of soldiers to an area about to carpet bombed in a few hours to rescue stranded civilians. Add in a brand new lieutenant (not Boyd Gaines but Ramn Rodrguez) for stabilizing cordial benignity.    Every available combat aviation and ground scene is evident and the action moves faster than Falluja on steriods. One by one the platoon is whittle away from an unknown deadly entity that slowly starts to reveal itself through out the movie. Then by chance a wounded enemy is found, is split apart to see the inner workings like a beetle. By the end the individuals all have a specialty to overcome the odds. The special effects work in the aviation scenes but not as much in the ground footage, but still provided some favorable moments.This movie also added a subliminal flip role reversal. Instead now the USA is invaded by superior technological army, what are the enemies goals?      I would watch a sequel if it would come out someday.
B002QP145C|5.0|This movie is one of the best i have seen to date.The extra 70 mins of footage really opens up the story line that just didnt seem right in the us release.The picture and sound quality is good,it never gets boring, the action scenes are very realistic not over the top, you actually feel for these soldiers.I dont know of these actors but all give a very professional account of there abilities.uniforms,weapons even the old tanks look authentic which adds to the very depressing atmosphere at times.For all you war buffs out there give this a go.You will be pleasantly surprised.BIKKIEBOO.
B004YXE438|3.0|But I did like the custom image puzzle feature. Something about putting together porn pics is really satisfying. So theres that.
B00406UK5A|5.0|Superb!<br /><br />If you like to see a lot of fighting with swords and bows, then this is the right movie!<br /><br />Very good sound and picture quality! (Blu-ray)<br /><br />If you like these kind of movies, I can recommend also \\"King Arthur - Director's Cut\\", \\"Ironclad\\" and \\"Red Cliff - International Version (Part I & II)\\".<br /><br />Kind regards,<br /><br />Mark
B004YEJGEO|5.0|It wasn&apos;t clear how to start playing, but it was thoroughly enjoyable once I figured out what the objective was.
1597801585|5.0|Like all avid scifi readers, I heard of Bacigalupi's Hugo and Nebula award-winning novel, and I certainly wanted to read it. I fairly recently read a great short story of his previously, 'Pop Squad', in Brave New Worlds (a very well written, disturbing dystopian story), and I wanted to read more of him.<br /><br />The Windup Girl is one of the best novels of any genre I have read, in many years. It deserves its Hugo and Nebula awards, as it is a masterpiece of futuristic world building, within the confines of Earth's future. It's characters are sensitively portrayed in detail, and the plot is intricate, surprising in its turns, and penetrating in theme. It is what any aspiring speculative fiction writer wants to achieve. It is a benchmark, a masterpiece. I don't use superlatives like these too often. The novel is that good.<br /><br />Perhaps the only criticism I can lay before you - and it is more a case of personal taste than a technicality - is that I am not overly enamored of the third person, present tense POV for works of any substantial length. It took me quite a while to avoid the distraction of this less-than comfortable style of writing (albeit, I accept that it was useful for enhancing the immediacy of the tension of the tenor of the novel). Even in Bacigalupi's case, I don't necessarily think pros outweighed the cons with regard to this matter. Given the mastery of the writing, plot, characterization and themes, this criticism is a small matter.<br /><br />The world building astonishes me. As I hinted above, Bacigalupi creates a future society within the context of a future Earth, but transformed beyond expectation. Genetics is the keystone of what technically (and culturally) drives society, in a backdrop of an energy-starved population. It smack of truth, given the inroads in genetics and the Monsantos of this world. It also smacks of truth with current issues with regard to environmentalism. What makes this particular powerful, however, is representing this future world in the microcosm of a future Thailand. This was masterful, and Bacigalupi clearly researched this part of the world meticulously. I use the term 'microcosm' lightly, because it turns out that this future Thailand is a special place, unique and more than just a representative of humanity-to-come - it is in many ways the center of humanity's universe.<br /><br />Bacigalupi paints his characters well, and not a single one of them is just noble and righteous. They are all flawed, due to the circumstances of their lives, and because, quite simply, they are human. Even the New People. The key characters, Anderson, Hock Seng, Kanya, Jaidee, and The Windup Girl (Emiko), are expertly drawn and attract reader empathy, and yet are scrutinized for their frailties, whether they were self-constructed or were thrust upon them.<br /><br />Anyone with a predilection for speculative fiction, and particularly dystopian themes, will be immersed in The Windup Girl, and will want to read more. If you have discomfort with the Third Person, Present Tense POV style, try hard to ignore it - it's still well worth it.<br /><br />Five sparkling stars.<br />.he microcosm of a future Thailand. This was masterful, and Bacigalupi clearly researched this part of the world meticulously. I use the term 'microcosm' lightly, because it turns out that this future Thailand is a special place, unique and more than just a representative of humanity-to-come - it is in many ways the center of humanity's universe.    Bacigalupi paints his characters well, and not a single one of them is just noble and righteous. They are all flawed, due to the circumstances of their lives, and because, quite simply, they are human. Even the New People. The key characters, Anderson, Hock Seng, Kanya, Jaidee, and The Windup Girl (Emiko), are expertly drawn and attract reader empathy, and yet are scrutinized for their frailties, whether they were self-constructed or were thrust upon them.    Anyone with a predilection for speculative fiction, and particularly dystopian themes, will be immersed in The Windup Girl, and will want to read more. If you have discomfort with the Third Person, Present Tense POV style, try hard to ignore it - it's still well worth it.    Five sparkling stars.  .
1861085257|5.0|As a fan of all things small, because small = cute (miniature ponies, sake sets, tiny roses, the smaller version of a squirrel [chipmunk]) I became enamored with the tiny apples and tarts I saw being sold as jewelry online.  With a background in claying, I thought I'd give it a whirl myself.  I soon found out about Angie Scarr and her amazingly realistic representations of food in clay.  What hooked me was the realism, translucency, and delicacy of her onions - those are museum quality.    While the onions aren't covered in this book, it does go into great detail with many other foods.  Included are coconuts, avocado, celery, kiwi, tomatoes, olives, and peppers.  You also can read a thorough discussion on all kinds of various techniques -tools, moulds, safety, and information about the clay itself.  There is also a true-to-scale ruler included on the pages with good photographs of the end result, so you can really see what your goals are.  Also of extreme importance is the color mixing guides.  Every project includes this information, and as I am quickly learning, it's color that counts.    The first cane I made was the banana cane.  I was pretty impressed how it turned out, but I owe it all to her clear instructions and excellent photographs.  The price I paid for this book is well worth it.  Even if you don't end up making anything, it's fun to admire the adorable asparagus, the tiny cabbage, and the bell pepper slices.
B004FOA84A|1.0|for a paid app, i dont feel i got my monies worth. was hoping for an update, but dont see that happening anytime soon. if you can wait dont buy it with out more levels.  it will disappoint you.
1609419693|4.0|NOTE: This is a review of the audiobook version, which I would recommend over the print version.<br /><br />Brief Overview: Tina Fey, former head writer at Saturday Night Live (SNL) and creator of the sitcom 30 Rock (of which I happen to be a big fan), writes about her awkward childhood, awkward school years, awkward post-college life and awkward professional life. Plus she dishes about SNL and the creation of 30 Rock, as well as the evils of Photoshop, the realities of a magazine photo shoot, how it felt to be at the center of the Sarah Palin impersonation zeitgeist during the 2008 election, being a woman in a man's world, motherhood and why she will never go on a cruise again. (My personal favorite part was her wickedly smart-ass responses to various nasty comments posted about her on celebrity gossip sites.)<br /><br />My Thoughts: This was such a fun listen!! I think this book would be best experienced on audio as Fey's phrasing and asides add so much to the experience. However, she is a very fast talker and you've got to listen closely. This is the only audiobook where I frequently had to rewind to ensure that I caught everything. (Another plus to listening on audio: she includes the actual audio of the first Sarah Palin skit she did with Amy Poehler.) If you're worried about missing photos, a PDF file is included with the audiobook so you can see the pictures referenced in the book--a feature that I very much appreciated. If you're a Tina Fey fan, you want to listen to this book! If you're not a fan, I think you still might enjoy it as Fey is a self-depreciating and very funny woman whose smarts, sarcasm and hard-won experience are on full display throughout the book. My only real complaint is that I wish the book was longer.
B000UD0ESA|5.0|Ridley Scott combines Hi Sci Fi with real human pathos to create one of the best films of all time.  Great cast and visuals, superb acting. Harrison Ford is a cop forced out of retirement to apprehend genetically engineered humans gone rogue.  I seldom ever want to see a film a second time.  This one I can do again and again, discovering something new each time.    Don't let the R for nudity fool you- if you blink you'll miss it.
0375850864|4.0|Brief Description: It is the late 1970s in New York City, and sixth grader Miranda has some big things to deal with: the sudden distance of her former best friend Sal, her mom's preparation for an upcoming appearance on The $20,000 Pyramid, and arrival of mysterious notes that predict events in Miranda's life before they actually happen. As Miranda struggles to cope with Sal's coldness, the mysterious notes begin to take on an element of danger. Miranda comes to believe that she must prevent a tragic death ... if only she could figure out what was going on and what she is supposed to do!<br /><br />My Thoughts: I just fell in love with this book! When reading, it took me right back to my tween years, and I knew this was a book that I would have read and reread at age 10 or 11. In fact, with the 1970s setting, it felt like a book that had been written when I was a tween. At times, I almost felt like I had read this book in my childhood as it had a really specific feel to it that reminded me of two of my all-time favorite books from childhood, From The Mixed-Up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler and Harriet The Spy.<br /><br />I think the feeling of familiarity is that Miranda is living in the real world but is experiencing a \\"secret\\" life that has fantastical elements to it. In other words, it is a fantasy book that takes place in the real world. These type of books always appeal to me because they make me think something similar might actually happen to me. (To this day, I cannot be in a museum without thinking of hiding in the bathrooms and living there like Claudia and Jamie in The Mixed-Up Files.) It also felt familiar because Miranda's favorite book is Madeline L'Engle's A Wrinkle In Time (which is referenced countless times and is part of the plot). A Wrinkle In Time was one of my favorite books too, and this shared loved of Meg and Charles Wallace and tesseracts helped me relate even more to Miranda.<br /><br />Suggestion For Reading The Book: Find a smart 10- or 11-year-old kid who likes to read. Get both of you a copy of A Wrinkle In Time and When You Reach Me. Read the books together and discuss. Or, if this isn't possible, read the book yourself and enjoy being carried away by great children's literature. Whatever you do, just read this book!likes to read. Get both of you a copy of A Wrinkle In Time and When You Reach Me. Read the books together and discuss. Or, if this isn't possible, read the book yourself and enjoy being carried away by great children's literature. Whatever you do, just read this book!
0099523620|5.0|I have read almost all of Alison Weir's non-fiction books beginning with this one. It is almost perfectly written. Every historical figure is examined with the right amount of depth and breath. The beauty of Weir's writing style is that she is both accurate and entertaining so The Six Wives of Henry VIII is a great read for those fascinated with British history and those just looking for a good read about real people. And this is a book about people. It is not an examination of the finer points of the wool trade of Tudor England, but an engaging portrait of the rulers of Tudor England.
0767800958|5.0|This is very interesting on many levels. It is of course about the Tango which is wonderful in it self, but it also interweaves life lessons as well as her film making. There is very clever use of color for the segments of her film, as well as the frequent interchange of language English/French/Spanish. There is plenty to just enjoy-the music and dance, and plenty for thought - the personal relationships to each other and to the dance and what it means. We were so glad to find an affordable version of this film. Like so many other very good but lesser known films, it has become very expensive when you can find it.
B0002FR0TC|1.0|After I received my 2-disk Aladdin, I took it home and popped it in my dvd player. The disk is not able to be read in my DVD player or my PS3. I was under the impression that it was a DVD format. It was not listed anywhere in the item's description before I made the purchase. That should have been top priority. \\"Only plays in certain dvd players with a specific type of format\\" should be listed somewhere in the description. I was not happy with this overall product.
B000EQ47GS|5.0|Okay, we admit it...we were not one of the 17 MILLION people who purchased this album since it's 1976 release. HOWEVER, it sort of sticks in the mind as something that you must have, so we're 17 million and ONE now! Tom Scholz is the creator and also does the remastering on this release, so THIS is the one to get, not that\\"other\\" release that some reviewers mention. There are only 8 tracks on this album, but good grief, EVERY SINGLE ONE WAS A HIT!! You find that you're dredging up from the bottom of your brain those sweet sounds remembered from long ago. Conversation stops while you just soar with the music and forget everything else. Did we really have such great sounds back then? YES, Yes we did and soooo happy to find them again. Buy this now and PLAY IT LOUD, TURN IT UP, WAY WAY UP. There, isn't that just wonderful?
B0059R5Q08|3.0|This adaptation was just okay for me.  My problem is that I have recently seen<br />the Masterpiece Classic, 11 part adaptation of Charlotte Bronte's book, which,<br />obviously is much more developed.  However, for a 2 hour movie, this version<br />is perfectly adequate.  I would just rent the Masterpiece Classic version and<br />REALLY enjoy a thorough telling of a classic tale!  (PS...it is free with Amazon<br />Prime).
0553801473|1.0|I was taken over by book 1, had to have books 2 and 3, and even enjoyed AFFC. I couldn't wait for ADWD and bought the hardback right away;  but I didn't even finish it. I went to Wikipedia for the last 100 pages of the plot, or what is supposed to be a plot.  There was a huge increase in distasteful language  and descriptions in this volume. I guess this was to make Tyrion and some others more quirky & interesting. The whole Dragon Queen plot became totally Byzantine. I began to skim those portions. Jon's voice on the Wall became the same thing over and over. In fact, the whole book became the same thing over and over. What a waste of money. Before I started ADWD I was concerned about waiting 5 years for the next volume. Now...I could care less when it comes out! What happened?
B004YXE438|5.0|Been playing it now for about 2 hours, this would be worth paying for.  Really addicting. Making the review a minimum of 25 words is stupid.  As Mark Twain said, why should I use officer, when I get paid the same for cop.
B004YEJGEO|2.0|the concept of the game is great but it the game is too buggy. severa times ive had a beam appear from the edge of the screen for no reason. \nalso, having the same configuration of prisms frequently gives different results
B004WO57E4|4.0|I've been playing HOMM since the very beginning. Call me a nostalgic, but I still like to play Heroes I, II and most of all, III. This collection is a nice welcome, and the price more than reasonable. Unfornately, some of the games aren't very stable (with Windows 7 at least).
B004VMUS9G|5.0|Simple, easy and powerful.  I like the fact it allows mp3 files for ringtones and variable volume controls.  There is no learning curve.
B0057AOS3I|1.0|BB with out a doubt has talent but her talent certainly does not reflect total focus in her music only frustration and lost of aggression and confusion. I must say that her vocals are horrible now and I can understand why she is half naked and striper pole dancing all over TV , because she simply does not have what it takes to be the best at what she started out doing... Now instead of trying to out sing Latoya, Mechelle and Kelly she is not trying to out sing the world and by YELLING abd Riffing all out of control, she is simply smashing herself into a brick wall of VERY DISAPPOINTED LISTENERS.. Somebody please give that girl some advice and tell her to slow down calm down and just sing pretty like you use to.
0807014273|5.0|After describing his concentration camp experiences in the first half of the book, Frankl argues that one of man's greatest needs is for purpose and meaning.  This purpose is not and cannot be the same for everyone.  For some, it is a cause; for others, the meaning is experiencing something or someone (e.g. the love of a person); for others, just accepting suffering with dignity.  Frankl suggests that in the absence of such meaning. people lose their will to live in bad times, and engage in self-destructive behavior out of boredom during prosperous times.<br /><br />Frankl uses his concentration camp life as an example.  While others lost their will to live, Frankl apparently did not.  Why?  Partially because of his desire to complete unfinished work, partially because of his love for his wife.  (None of which guaranteed that he did live of course; he is quite eager to emphasize that even with all the will to live in the world, the odds were not on his side.)<br /><br />Frankl emphasizes that there is no abstract meaning of life generally (at least none that he knows of); rather, each person's life has a different meaning, and perhaps a different meaning at different times.
1936719118|4.0|Im a big fan of Derek and found this book to very engaging. Derek's common sense approach to building a business was refreshing. I did finish it still wanting more.  Overall, I gave it a 4 star because of this reason.
B003A4IDLQ|5.0|Frankenstein is my favorite book of all time. But I'm really writing this review just to warn people that this is NOT the original version as stated. It is the 1831 revised version. I told Amazon to fix it but they haven't fixed it (yet). So if the title still says \\"The original Frankenstein...\\", it is mistaken.
B004KKX814|5.0|ldrago destroy is one of the best attack types out their he will totally destroy any one who gets in his way i really RECCOMEND HIM HE ROCKS
B0039UU012|5.0|Greatest book ever written in my opinion, but I'm writing this review to warn people that once again Amazon has inaccurate information. This is the THIRD Kindle Frankenstein I have bought from Amazon claiming to be the ORIGINAL version. All three have NOT been the original. They are the 1831 revised edition.
B0058P7KUA|2.0|Tried numerous times to play this on my Asus Transformer. The controls make this game frustrating and almost impossible to play. Can&apos;t even imagine playing this on my phone.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|This game is seriously awesome. I love constructing the laser solutions; they are challenging and well thought out. The game works well, and the visuals are well executed. This game is an absolute joy to play. I love to sit down and relax with it&apos;s puzzles. I look forward to buying games by these creators in the future!
B004YEJGEO|5.0|one of the few &quot;free app of the day&quot; apps I would have paid for. it&apos;s held my attention since I got it, and is challenging enough to feel smart when I solve one, but not so hard as to make me give up easily. overall an amazing game! kudos to the developers!
B0041TM5OU|5.0|I have this on sacd and on cd. The best version is definitely the vinyl edition. This is as my title says the ultimate Miles. I feel every jazz fan and without a question every Miles fan should have this on vinyl, Please excuse me for I must put the needle to my favorite track
0553801473|5.0|Delivers in every possible way:<br /><br />Every long lost character comes back!<br /><br />Huge plot developments!<br /><br />Can't wait for the next installment (left in the lurch again, but in a good way!)
B004XGWPXC|5.0|I am very happy I came across this book. I highly recommend it. At first I couldn't get used to the way it was written jumping a year ahead in every chapter but once it picked up speed I couldn't put it down.  It starts out with Emma and Dexter graduating from a University in Scotland, her always having a crush on him, and him being the usual bad boy never noticing her. It's July 15th and from there every chapter is on July 15th of the following year. The anniversary of they they they officially met.  Each year is different, one happy one sad, you know life. But it's nice to see how their lives are changing through the 20 years. Emma and Dexter become friends, best friends in fact, and constantly you are hoping they will end up together, even though they are total opposites. He's the crazy outgoing, party till he drops kind of guy and she is more reserved and I would say shy.   The author does a great job of describing these characters and the scenes. I felt like I was watching a movie. It's an easy read, although the some of the English phrases confused me at first.    More reviews at [..]
B004YXE438|3.0|Great challenging puzzle game. However, the intro guitar music sucks royally. Kind of hippie-ish. Change the music, Development group! Also add some more complicated pictures please.
0307716511|3.0|Very unusual presentation of plot which unravels a bit slowly without great depth.  I almost stalled by the middle of the book, but decided to plug on through.  The ending was not a surprise.  The alternating narration can be confusing and sometimes requires the reader to go back over certain passages to realign one's perspective.  Although there was potential for this to be a page turner, it sadly was not.
B004YXE438|5.0|This is really fun and challenging. Pretty addicting too. I love that you can customize your own images. My kids are going to love this app too.
B004YXE438|4.0|How come when an app has several five star reviews some day that they are from the developer?  I do believe sometimes it may be true but can&apos;t there ever be an actually good app out there?  Review Buster, a reviewer of this app, needs to learn how to review things.  They are not only a conspiracy theorist, but just complained about the price.  One thing they must have forgotten, it is free today.  \n\nAnyways, for the game, it is a fun, simple game.   Being able to add your own pictures is a nice feature.  Great time waster.  Well worth the free price and maybe the $1.60 regular price for those that really like these types of games.
B004YXE438|5.0|fun if you like puzzles. good fun game. time waster.   a a a a a a a AA a a a
0307716511|5.0|I stayed up late to finish the end of this riveting debut thriller. Sister is not only a thriller and a mystery but a love story between an older sister and her younger sister.  It's written in the form of letters, told as a story from Beatrice (Bee) to Tess, after Tess is found dead in a park in London.     It is a taut, exciting and extremely well written novel. Ms. Lupton keeps readers on the edge of their seat by revealing little by little. She is always introducing interesting new leads in the story. The reader, like Beatrice, thinks one way until further evidence it shown to move in a different direction.     There is something for everyone in this thriller: a romance gone awry, murder, mystery, psychological distress and in the end a stunning twist. If you are clever enough you can figure out one of the twists a long the way if you look for or suspect the clues.     The emotions that run through this book are raw and real. You are with Bee every step of the way as she puts herself in danger to catch her sister's murderer. She explores every avenue in hopes that she can convince the police.     I cried several times during the book. As an older sister, I can only imagine the overwhelming grief that Bee was faced with during this time. It was a very short amount of time as well, or so it seemed. Perhaps that is because the letters take place of a few days/week. The actual time elapsed had to have been longer. You wonder yourself if Bee has gone a bit crazy at times. What motivates her isn't hard to figure out, it's her love for her sister. It is always about Tess.    While reading the book I had several different theories in my head for what was going on. None of them proved to be true. I LOVED that! I loved that Ms. Lupton wrote an ending that I didn't see coming. Ms. Lupton did a superb job of creating the scenes in the book. I felt like I was transported to London and was with investigating with Bee.     As with most books that receive my highest rating, I dreamt about this book and the characters last night and woke up thinking of them again. This is a book that will haunt me for the days to come.    I can't recommend this book enough. For those of you who are fans of thrillers, you must pick up Sister immediately. I can guarantee you won't be disappointed.
B00027JZ3E|5.0|I sure that this movie - it's symbol of 80'x, great movie , really revolution for horrors movies  - great team, nice music, humor,young vampires looking so sexy. I know this movie still very popular( also in the young generation).Reccomended!
B004YEJGEO|5.0|Brilliantly done. I&apos;m glad to finally see a challenging game offered as the free app for a change. (If you missed it for free, it&apos;s well worth your dollar.) The only problem I&apos;ve had so far has been that prisms sometimes get messed up when you already have a few and add a new one. It&apos;s fixable, but a bit annoying. For those having trouble splitting secondary colors- you can change the direction of the outgoing lasers with the arrows at the bottom of the screen (make sure you check &quot;toggle rotate buttons&quot; in options). And you can set lasers to either use pigment primaries (RBY)  Or light primaries (RBG) - I&apos;m surprised how many people don&apos;t check options before reviewing.
B000002KBU|5.0|It occurred to me recently that Joni Mitchell's various paramours had written songs alleged to be based on their relationships with her, so I did a Google search, \\"songs written for or about Joni Mitchell.\\" Easily the most surprising fact I learned came from an article by Ron Rosenbaum of Slate Magazine in which he claimed that Bob Dylan told him that he had written the song \\"Tangled Up In Blue\\" after spending a weekend immersed in THIS album!  [...] The article itself is actually about how Rosenbaum could not stop playing \\"Amelia\\" from the album \\"Hejira\\" over and over and over. Personally, the song \\"Last Time I Saw Richard\\" from \\"Blue\\" is the song that does that for me, (and the piano intro of \\"Rainy Night House\\" from \\"Ladies of the Canyon\\" which isn't transcribed in any of my sheet music.) If speaking of the album \\"Hejira,\\" the two songs I play again and again are \\"Furry Sings The Blues\\" and \\"Song For Sharon.\\" Rosenbaum analysed \\"Amelia\\" in exquisite detail, claiming it to be the perfect song for this treatment. Frankly, any of Joni Mitchell's songs could be dissected from a literary perspective as well as for their composition. Or, you could just draw them into your blood like holy wine, bitter and sweet.
0553801473|2.0|I was going to give three stars because of the first three books, how could I give this book only two, but when you look at it there is no resolution to anything. a story spun out so that the dragons can grow is about all it comes down to.<br /><br />Throughly disappointing, 900+ pages and no ending to anything. It seems as if George and his editor sold out to Hollywood back in Feast for Crows.<br /><br />I will not be rereading this and it has put me of rereading the first three, hell I may even have to let my friends know how bad it is.<br /><br />George your not getting any younger I suggest a new editor, one that will put you back on track. Let the next book be the finish of it, sell the franchise if you want money, and write something else cause this Game has been played out.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|I have already commented and followed the thread of this title for a few weeks now. I decided to actually put in a review because after much deliberation, reading, and researching I decided it was worth the time and effort to put a one star review down in the hope Lucas and others involved will possibly listen to the fans. Perhaps if he sees 100 5 star reviews, 2000 1 star reviews, and poor sales he will come to the conclusion that the Ultimate Edition we are hoping for should actually be produced.<br /><br />An ultimate edition worthy of my money would have the original Theatrical Star Wars Trilogy with at least a new 8K transfer. If you left the imperfections in I would be fine with that. If you wanted to make some of the small corrections like color, gamma, removing wires or the tracking squares I would rather you not, but it would not be a deal breaker for me. That's it, a high quality audio and video track with very few if any changes. No extra CG, characters or editing.<br />An ultimate edition should of course have the special editions<br />An ultimate edition could have any or all of the movies edited over again with whatever changes desired.<br />An Ultimate edition should have all major and minor interviews and specials pertaining to Star Wars and the involvement of ILM in regards to Star Wars<br />An Ultimate edition should have various convention and fan created content. I would love to see stuff like Ryan V. Dorkman<br />An Ultimate edition should have plenty of deleted scenes and bloopers<br />An Ultimate edition could have plenty of digital high res images from the movies as stills, production, ILM, etc.. etc.. I know you have them already since you have them in book form already, you just have to pay a few thousand to own it ;) (which if I had, I would by the way, yeah I am a fanboy!)<br />An Ultimate edition should have all extras from all the previous releases of the movie<br /><br />Is that asking a lot? Sure it is. Is it possible, of course it is. Would fans be willing to pay for this? and how much? Di-hard fans would pay a great deal for this. The average person? maybe not so much. Would it be worth it for Lucas to create such an edition? Considering what other directors and companies are producing I would guess yes. My household has three generations of Star Wars fans, two of which would pay a great deal for this sort of edition. Sure we all have our wish list, and we have deal breakers which will kill a sale in a heartbeat. I think what I have outlined here is a bit vague but covers the scope of what I would like to see in an Ultimate Edition. Star Wars has impacted society for decades with the love of multiple generations still excited about the Saga. Sure many of us have issues with the latest three, but it's all part of the Star Wars Universe and I would love to see and own an Ultimate collection where I can see what aspect of the universe I see fit. George Lucas may want to remove the existence of the original theatrical release but it's those releases that made us fall in love with the characters and universe. We all understand you had a limited budget and created the technology needed to even create the movies in the first place. Many of us love them as is, as we remember them as kids and young adults. We can embrace your new versions if you also allow us to love what we grew up on.<br /><br />May The Force Be With Youhow much? Di-hard fans would pay a great deal for this. The average person? maybe not so much. Would it be worth it for Lucas to create such an edition? Considering what other directors and companies are producing I would guess yes. My household has three generations of Star Wars fans, two of which would pay a great deal for this sort of edition. Sure we all have our wish list, and we have deal breakers which will kill a sale in a heartbeat. I think what I have outlined here is a bit vague but covers the scope of what I would like to see in an Ultimate Edition. Star Wars has impacted society for decades with the love of multiple generations still excited about the Saga. Sure many of us have issues with the latest three, but it's all part of the Star Wars Universe and I would love to see and own an Ultimate collection where I can see what aspect of the universe I see fit. George Lucas may want to remove the existence of the original theatrical release but it's those releases that made us fall in love with the characters and universe. We all understand you had a limited budget and created the technology needed to even create the movies in the first place. Many of us love them as is, as we remember them as kids and young adults. We can embrace your new versions if you also allow us to love what we grew up on.    May The Force Be With You
B001JFZ118|2.0|I love sword-fighting movies, and this was probably the biggest one that I had not seen yet.  But after numerous recommendations by friends and coworkers, I got around to seeing this one on DVD, and came away from it unimpressed.  All the praises sung for it by others I considered letdowns.  For example, many others loved the Queen soundtrack.  I found it way of mark.  Half the movie took place in the Scottish highlands, and the movie would have came across better with Celtic folk music instead.  As for the swordplay, it is slow and does not compare to that found in Rob Roy, Braveheart, or the various Three Musketeer incarnations.  Probably the worst part of the movie was Sean Connery, who is Scottish, playing an Egyptian character, but with a Spanish name, Ramirez.  How ridiculous.  Good think I saw this on DVD and not at the theaters.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|One of the more addicting games I&apos;ve played. Would have paid for it, and that&apos;s saying alot. Runs awesomely on CM7 Thunderbolt.
B00133KFGW|5.0|If you're asking about the movie itself, it's hands-down one of the best movies I've gotten on DVD. It has comedy, and it also has plenty of heart, it's something the whole family will enjoy! I know this sounds like a movie commercial, but it is absolutely 10000% true! It's a heartwarming movie, that has a lot of great music in it. You won't be disappointed in the movie! TRUST ME.    And the quality of the DVD was very good, true to it's word! Even when I bought the used, it's still in very good condition~    So whatever you do, don't miss out on this movie, or this offer! Come on now! Just order a copy of the DVD and see for yourself! The magic qualities it has to it!
B004YXE438|3.0|As the title indicates, the point of my reviews will be to cut through the false reviews (both from the developer and from Amazon customers) and provide the most concise review.  I base my scores on three factors:\n\nValue\/ price ratio: simply put, is the app worth the listed price\nQuality: how does the app run, is the production value on par with other similar apps, etc...\nOverall experience: was the app useful\/fun?  \n\nQuick Review: Spectrum locks itself into a niche that many free apps already fill.  It provides little additional value to justify the $1.60 price point.  Overall it serves its purpose, but provides nothing substantial to justify the pricing.\n\nDetailed review:  \nSpectrum Puzzles is a simple sliding puzzle game.  It has varying difficulties but the gameplay remains the same: slide your pieces to solve the puzzles.  The developer (who wrote most of the reviews present at the time of this review) didn&apos;t try to reinvent the wheel with this app.  It&apos;s very straight forward and reminiscent of the sliders you might have played as a child.  Most adults will find some nostalgic value, but otherwise I feel this game is more geared towards children.  That being said, $1.60 is too high of a price for what this app offers.  Many other applications do what spectrum does equally well at a much lower price point (if not for free).  The added ability to make your own photos puzzles is nice, but really adds nothing to the overall experience past the novelty of the idea.  I would recommend the developer examine the currently existing apps and adjust accordingly.  Either lowering the price to $0.99 to make this an impulse buy, or adding unique features to stand out at the current price are needed changes.  Until then, this game offers little over its free counterparts.  \n\n
B0051BVQFG|2.0|I had heard good things about this film and was yet again disappointed. I like sci-fi movies but this was more like watching a military/war movie and less like watching a sci-fi film. If you like war movies with a little twist of sci-fi then this is for you. Otherwise stick to watching Saving Private Ryan for good war movie or War of the Worlds or Cloverfield for traditional alien/monster mashup. The last sci-fi film I truly adored was Cloverfield - that was a movie that's part of our collection to watch and re-watch. Battle Los Angeles won't make our movie collection. Last time we made a mistake by listening to critics when District 9 came out - we bought the DVD thinking it would be great and it was terrible. Battle Los Angeles we rented and is at least better than District 9 but not what I was looking for in a sci-fi flick.
B002M2T1UO|5.0|I was curious about The Sheild during it's run, however, working full time and committing to a weekly series do not meld so I never watched it.  I ordered the entire series (new) and it was shipped promptly and in perfect condition.  I was hooked after the first episode.....each actor's performance is riveting. Each episode is so intense that at times, I had to stop the DVD and take a breather. I was a little let down when I finished the series, knowing that there was no more to watch!  great investment, a classic must see TV show.
B0059R5Q08|1.0|I had such high hopes for this film, but unfortunately I read the book...so everything in this movie that was condensed, skimmed over, or just plan cut out...like the fortune teller scene, Bertha destroying Jane's veil, St John and Rosamind...and the list goes on, just killed the movie for me entirely. I thought two hours might be too short to tell the story and I was right. The recent 4 hour BBC version is really amazing and after watching this crap I appreciate it all the more. The girl who played Jane Eyre was SO lifeless and dull that I hoped they had so butchered the novel as to have her die while wondering the moors. Rochester wasn't terrible but Toby Stevens (in the BBC version) is superb and vastly superior. The only thing in the movie worth watching is Judy Dench as Mrs. Fairfax. The Rochester/Jane relationship is so underdeveloped in this movie that there is more romance in an episode of the Jersey Shore and when Jane comes back to Rochester at the end of the film he looks less like our injured gothic hero and more like Val Kilmer playing Jim Morrison at the end of Oliver Stone's The Doors. If you're a fan of the book this movie is a waste of time.
B0014JGDUC|5.0|Usually only feet for twelve hours at a time.  I work in healthcare.  My feet NEVER hurt! Love my crocs!
B0021L8UPS|5.0|This is the kind of movie that you don't know where it is going but you just know it is not going to be a good place. It really gets under your skin. A horror movie without monsters in the typical sense. This made my Top 100 Moves You Never Saw and you can view the rest at [ ... ] and don't forget to give us your opinion on the selections.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|Fantastic game! Challenging and different game play. I am really enjoying it. Not too hard but not too easy is making for a fun experience.
0060832819|3.0|This is interesting but not as good as The Alchemist. It lags in the middle and the narrator is a bit obnoxious. It does contain, however, some interesting ideas, particularly when it comes to relationships and the past. The part I thought was most interesting is the idea of leaving your own story behind, of agreeing that the past is the past and to move on.
B004DLPXAO|1.0|\\"We could not process your order because of geographical restrictions on the product which you were attempting to purchase. Please refer to the terms of use for this product to determine the geographical restrictions.   We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused you.\\" That is what I got as an answer to my One-Click trying to get Kindle for my Android Phone. This is ridiculous. I have a kindle device and kindle for PC (both have shortcomings, but that is another story). Amazon should at least (1) Explain me what is the problem they face regarding Kindle for Android phones. (2) Possible date of release of the product in my country.
B0034G4ORM|5.0|With rare exceptions movies today just seem to be derivative effects driven showcases for CGI, with the actors sometimes just an afterthought.  At least in this one, the actors aren't sleep walking through their parts.  You've seen this movie before in Blackhawk Down and War of the Worlds with a little Heartbreak Ridge thrown in for character development.  Marines take casualties in an urban setting, torture an alien to find his weak spot, save civilians and then somehow using conventional weapons, begin to save the planet.  For peaceniks this is a trite recruiting film for hairy, war mongering, knuckle draggers. For wargame and war movie fans it's a fun ride.  I really like the characters in this movie. The remind me a lot of the way the real American military thinks, acts and talks to each other.  I wouldn't' have watched this film because it seemed such a trite premise.  But my son, a former Marine officer, recommended it.  I can see why.  The characters here are interesting, the combat scenes are gripping.  The tension between leaders and the lead has a sense of realism.  So while it's a science fantasy with some deus ex machina plot devices, there is an underlying realism to the characters that makes this one more than your usual alien shoot-em-up for me.  Highly recommended if you like science fiction and you respect the military.
B002T9H2ME|4.0|Moon is the first feature film by Duncan Jones who went on to create the more high profile Source Code. Like Source Code, Moon is built on a Science Fiction high concept but is crafted into a relatively low key and human narrative.    The human in this case is astronaut Sam Bell (Sam Rockwell) who is completing his long and solitary contract on the dark side of the moon. Sam has been isolated, his only real time contact is a robot named GURTY (voiced by Kevin Spacey), for nearly three years and the time has begun to take its toll on his body and mind. His confusion leads to an accident and which starts him down a path of increasing strangeness.    Mr. Rockwell does an excellent job of holding down this basically one man show. He helps create a character that is at times his enemy and best friend. Its a careful role as he must keep the audience on his side while still being a little bit of a cipher.    As he did in Source Code, Mr. Jones seems comfortable deploying his twist early on and letting the audience and story grapple with the implications for the rest of the film. The result is that the viewer is not asked to believe in the core premise so much as enjoy its outcome, which works with the creative scenario to heighten the oddness of the film.    Moon is strange, intelligent, and unexpected in its own right. However, coupled with Source Code we seem to have a promising young film maker who is well worth watching.
B0019NB9A2|2.0|i would not advise any one to waste their money on this blu-ray package for one main reason. sound track IS NOT 5.1!!! the entire movie soundtrack played out through my center speaker ONLY! the regular 2 disc 50th anniversary has the dolby sound. so if you have that stick with that and forget the blue ray until they decide to include a good sound track. i mean if you are watching a movie on the big screen don't you want surround sound too?
B004SIP7TE|1.0|Everyone should save themselves the hard ache and not see this snooze fest. I don't understand the majority reviews. It seems they're in denial. I have to admit, the title and era sound awesome. But don't let that get u fooled. Undoubtedly, it's not an action film, with explosions, and stuff like that. I don't even know what the plot was. I wish I had my 3 hours of my life back.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|Only played a few levels and have already had a blast. Good instructions as you play to get you right into it.
0375842209|5.0|Regretfully, my full review was accidentally deleted with the press of a (wrong) key.  But here are my most important points:    Like Death, the narrator of this story, I too feel haunted by the ability of the human spirit to seem   so dark at times, and yet so illuminating at others. The only remedy I can recommend is that which was sought  by Leisel Meminger, the heroine of this story: read books! Read fiction, science, mathematics, philosophy,  biographies, history, memoirs, self-help/spirituality, and other books from all walks of life. In addition  to acquiring knowledge, reading from all walks of life will hopefully develop a sense of humility and   tolerance within the reader. And I believe that knowledge, tolerance, and humility represent three ingredients  for keeping one's spirit in the light.     \\"The Book Thief\\" seems very well written and crafted, and hopefully will be read by all adults, regardless  of age. Leisel and her two step-parents seemed very beautful characters for the courage and caring that they  displayed during a time when the price of social non-conformity could have been a death sentence.    As Winston Churhill once wrote, \\"Without courage, all virtues lose their meaning\\".
B004YXE438|5.0|Got this game as an amazon free app of the day. It is simple, yet fun. You can come back to your game later, so it is a fun time killer. Worth a buck fifty our so!
034552554X|5.0|After reading a few pages of this book, I was not sure that I would be able to finish.  I rarely give up on a book but...I disliked Victoria so intensely I didn't think I could continue but then....the flowers came into her life and slowly I began to like her.  As she began to apply the language of flowers, her world began to open up and she began to like herself a little which made her more likeable as a character.  I realized that we aren't supposed to always love Victoria..she is flawed and broken from a life of being in foster care. This is the foster care system in full view...all the flaws and very little good.  We learn how an ordinary child can be lose the ability to communicate and interact with the world.  It is beyond heartbreaking and so real that it is hard to read.<br />The author has a gift....she is able to create a character with so many layers.  Each page of the books strips a little more away but the writer is not in a hurry....change and transformationt takes time.<br />The writing is smooth and unhurried so I was transported into Victoria's world to such a degree that I was in tears at several points as she loves, pushes away and loves again.<br />This is a story of hope...forgiveness in some form can be available but we have to learn how to make it happen.  Forgiveness is a gift and we have to be able to give it and accept it.<br />The explanation of the language of flowers is well researched and is a fanciful, joyous addition to the plot.  Victoria may not be able to express herself in words but she is fluent in flowers and that will save her.<br />Take a chance on this book...it is well worth the time for a deeply moving story.
B000OVLBGC|5.0|The Lives of Others is a very, very, very good movie about a not-often talked about subject in cinema. The pacing rises and falls perfectly, and all of the actors/actresses put in great performances. No wonder this movie won best Foreign Movie at the Oscars.
B004HO6I4M|4.0|As a person who LOVES birds and shares my life with parrots and other kinds of birds, I'm simply thrilled someone finally has made an animated movie devoted to these unique, funny, and beautiful creatures.  I'd been waiting years for Pixar to get around to it, but alas, they are more focused on anthropomorphizing cars and trying to incinerate toys, so thankfully THIS studio took up the task.  And what an amazing result.    I'm not sure, but I think that the main character of Blu is based on the Spix's Macaw - a very endangered parrot at this time.  Disturbing as the subject of bird-trafficking is, it was wise and important that the creators took on the subject to encourage more awareness, and I applaud them for doing so.      A synopsis isn't needed here, as others have given that.  I simply want to add in my 2 cents towards highly recommending this movie.  Adults will enjoy it, as will kids.  As will my own birdies, who are going to get to watch it soon.  The animation is glorious, with eye-popping colors.  BluRay need not apply, as DVD format is just perfect in its rendering and clarity.  The detailing in such things as just the cross-thatching texture on the beaks of the macaws, and the way the feathers were rendered - some of those details added to the movie subtly for the benefit of \\"bird people\\" to notice and appreciate - was delightful.  There are a lot of those little treats tossed in, like the pigeon-toed way the parrots walked.  Loved it, loved it. The music is great, too.  Especially the opening titles theme and segment, done in an almost gentle and ethereal way as you're guided into the jungle setting populated with what are, to many, very ethereal creatures.  So well done.    I did take away one star due to a minor annoyance.  I know some of the voice-over actors are African-American, but I don't think adding in SO many hip-hop cultural references, speech style and mannerisms fit in.  It was out of place and got old REALLY fast.  This was set in Brazil,with some characters originating from Minnesota, so more Brazilian and Minnesota jokes and puns should have been emphasized.  Even some of the music was in hip-hop style.  Give me a break already.  They did touch heavily on the Brazilian obsession with soccer in a hilarious way, so kudos for that, at least.    All in all, this was a joy to watch.  I hope there will more movies in the future about birds.  Maybe one set in Australia, so we can see budgies and cockatiels in animated form.  Even most of our familiar backyard birds would prove to be funny and adorable characters in movies of this style.  It's a treasure-trove of possibilities.  So bottom line: get this and watch it.  You'll have fun!  'Nuff said.  :)
B005BOX7BE|5.0|The series is still trying to find itself. ... some episodes are really good and some are not so good.   This episode is the best  as of this writing - good dialogue, good story line and just a lot of fun to watch.  Very well played.
B004YXE438|5.0|First of all, I am a huge fan of puzzles and this was definitely a pleasant surprise to see as the free app of the day in the Amazon app market.  I downloaded this app thinking it was going to be limited to just a few stock images and not that fun, but wanted to try it out anyway.  I&apos;m glad that I ended up giving it a chance because this app includes many stock photos and even has the option to add your own photos to make it even more fun.  You can choose what size puzzle you want ranging from 12 to 48 pieces and can change the difficulty from easy to hard.  I believe that I have found the single app in my phone to keep me busy for hours and days at a time!  Thank you, developer(s), for this amazingly entertaining application!
B004SKLFJS|1.0|What I wanted was a Blu-Ray copy of Feet of Flames. What I found was a new cut of several Lord of the Dance performances. Its just not the same. Michael is of course awesome, but Feet of Flames was realy the definitive production.  Sad Face !
B0036EH3U2|5.0|I loved the cheesier first version of battlestar galactica from the 70's. Which needs to be cleaned up and put on blu ray too. Heck even 'farscape' is finally coming out on blu. (love that one too). At first I resisted this series but it's actually a complex and extremely well done affair. In fact it's tv at a highpoint in content and<br />stories often. They should have done a fifth season imo but such is luck and instead of doing series like 'stargate' and this one scy fy keeps spending too much money on weekly movies. Oh well. This one has it all solid acting and great effects too. The bad thing here is that the reviews are mixed with the packaging from<br />the first complete set. The new set is fine and well liked. But you have all of these one star reviews based on the older packaging which is lame but amazon won't seperate reviews. In fact many items have vhs reviews mixed with dvd and blu ray. Buy this series the blu ray looks stunning. And  you get all the extras.
B0011TMGKG|2.0|Someone posted a picture of a problem they had when they got there logan the lion and I thought \\"what's the chances, that I get one like that?\\". Of course I got one with the same problem. The fabric wasn't stitched correctly and is on the brink of coming apart completely. This toy doesn't crinkle, squeak, or rattle. It does however have a ball inside it's head that on occasion sounds like a low growl that a lion would make. The colors are bright which is about the only thing it's got. I would go with Olivia the owl or mortimer the moose.
B004MC8CA2|2.0|there is no reason for the app to need to read phone call status.  even internet access shouldn&apos;t be required.  the bible isn&apos;t going to have bugs.
B004KAB4I8|5.0|My son is mad about anything dragon! He is 5 years old and mildly on the spectrum. When he saw his first copy of this book, he leapt out of his Dad's arms and ran up to the man holding the book, asking urgently, \\"Can I have this?\\" That dog-earred copy was sadly left in a rental car. After he received this new copy for a recent birthday, it rarely leaves his side. He pours over each page and asks me to read the text, listening with great concentration. The pictures and dragon imagery is lovely.
0307477479|2.0|None of these stories are believable-- which as anyone knows -makes for bad fiction. In order for fiction to be good it has to be somewhat believable-this is more like Science Fiction. Let's call it as such. Plus- Sasha and Bennie and the gang haven't a moral compass amongst the lot which makes them all sociopaths. So maybe it should have been called - a visit from a sociopath?   Plus-aren't they all too old to be trying so hard? Not believable.
0553386794|5.0|This book is incredible to put it plainly. I had my doubts about it until I sat down with it and was completely consumed by its thrilling pages. I am a true Historical Fiction fan at heart, but this just stole me away from it and now I'm a hardcore George R.R. Martin fan. The book brings the fantasy of Knights and high Lords to life in a way I have never read it before. I already have the next book ordered and am dieing to see whats gonna happen next. This is a must buy for anyone who loves to curl up on the couch and get lost in a great story.
0393312836|4.0|I'm not going to go over the book, most here know it, I'll just discuss the idea behind the last chapter.  So liitle Alex grows up at the end and sets aside his violent ways?  Just like that?  The previous acts that under any examination are those of a sociopath, so easily cast aside upon reaching the age of 18?  This simply makes no sense at all.  No wonder Kubrick wasn't buying it.  Alex is evil, he is a sociopath.  Sociopath don't \\"mature\\" out of violence, they either get worse or discover how to control their actions (if they get the appropriate mental help).  I understand what Burgess was trying to demonstrate (free will, yada, yada), but he insults the readers intelligence in the last chapter.  The type of crimes Alex committed, the intensity of the violence, his estatic pleasure he derived from committing them are not things that are outgrown.  Burgess asks us to suspend belief, but after one reads the book, it is too difficult a task to do.  The last chapter,  IMO is a cop out.
B002KQ6BT6|2.0|I've read ALL of Dan Brown's books.  This one was compelling but weak in many ways.  The book felt like a course text on Masonic  symbolism and history.  It attempted to be inspirational and it tried too hard.  The murdering monster became a cliche' for warning children about what happens when you're bad.  I was very disappointed.
B004V6MWFU|5.0|It's hard to believe that a man and a ukulele can create such a powerful and moving set of songs.  Vedder's originals are thoughtful and vibrant, and his raspy take on some very old standards are just as surprisingly heartfelt and beautiful.  Pearl Jam's frontman is gradually morphing himself from an early 1990s grunge rocker to one of the great voices of folk music.
B00127RAJY|5.0|1.) I'm too lazy to go to the gym 3-5 times a week.  2.) I could never stick to an intense workout like P90X.  3.) I'm BUSY.    I bought this DVD because I just wanted to get back into shape and have a regular, healthy work out routine I could stick to. I rarely went to the gym because I never knew what to do besides run on the treadmill, and I felt like my workouts were not making a difference in my body. The 30 Day Shred is the best workout I have ever done. I rarely sweat, even when I go running for 30 minutes, but I have sweat dripping off my face every time I do this workout. And I've been doing it for two months! I love that I feel all my muscles burning because I know it's working!    My goal was to lose 5 pounds that I gained during the school year, and I was able to achieve my goal WITHOUT DIETING. I just tried to eat healthy. I'm very happy with the results. I'm sure that I would have lost more weight if I had been on the meal plan, but I was looking to get into shape, not lose a lot of weight.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|With a background in light design and a penchant for puzzles, this is the perfect game for me. Simple game mechanics make it easy to start, but the physics involved keep the puzzles challenging. The difficulty ramps up at a satisfying rate, and is compelling enough that, combined with the crisp graphics, I find it hard to put this game down. Fortunately, it&apos;s not got a time limit, so I can dip in and out at my convenience.
B0028DRGDQ|2.0|As I understand it this movie came out before Quarantine.  I have seen both based other reviews that this one was much scarier.  There were differences but they were so slight that I was bored throughout the entire movie since I already understood what was happening.  The disappointing part is it was all totally  in spanish I has to change the settings to watch it in English.  And there was a lot of hand motions that didn't belong.  And it was like watching an old japanese movie that had been dubbed.  Their mouths were moving but the words never matched.  I sugest if you care about these things. And paying attention to them would irritate you durring the movie, then forget this foreign made film and go American.  I enjoyed Quarantine much better since I wasn't distracted by all the other glaring irritations as I was in Spanish version of of a decent horror flick.
B004YXE438|1.0|If I want a puzzle game like this there are hundreds on the market already for FREE so why would anyone pay $1.60??? Come on Amazon wake up!!! This is nothing new nor fun. I&apos;LL PASS!!
B003UESJH4|5.0|It inspired me to go to the library and check out a HUGE, HEAVY book about King George VI !!!
B004V6MWFU|1.0|I must admit that the title should have been a warning.  But all songs with just ukulele backing is extremely tedious.  It takes dominance over the otherwise nice songs and songwriting.  It will be a frisbee.
0385341008|5.0|I loved this book.  I loved the format.  I love historical stories about WWII time and this fit my style of reading.  Characters are well developed and I felt they were people I knew.  I love the personal and intimate look at my friends lives.
B000QCS8TW|4.0|I was not sure about about getting into this series because I had watched the adaptation of this, the first book, on TV.  Invariably this means that the characters would forever be what the TV show made them.  However, after such heady praise as, 'the Tolkien for our time' or 'American Tolkien,'  I decided to take the plunge and I am glad I did.  The first book was brilliant and the characters I had met on screen were given depth and colour.  I am starting the second instalment now and I doubt the books will be far from hand until I have finished them all.
B001F6TXME|5.0|I purchased this for use with a D7000.  This is a great option for reducing camera shake, and it is more reliable than a wireless option.  However, with only a 41\\" cord, you do give up some of the freedom offered by the wireless remote.      This is particularly great for \\"bulb\\" shots.  I first used this while photographing fireworks on the Fourth of July.  Instead of a precisely timed exposure, shooting fireworks is more of a \\"feel\\" thing.  Also, with the ability to lock down the shutter release button, this is great for exposures longer than 30 seconds.      Two minor issues I have are strictly related to personal preference.  First, the cord is a bit short for me, but it might be sufficient for others.  Secondly, the shutter release button does not have two depression levels to distinguish between auto-focusing and exposing the image, like that present on the camera.  This can take some getting used to.  The button must be pressed more than you think just to auto-focus, but not too much that the shutter is released.  Perhaps this is an issue specific to the exact one I received, but it is touchy.  After using it for a few minutes, you'll get the feel for it.
B000IFQLLY|3.0|I love Depeche Mode. I will always be a fan of their music but I have to say that I'm disappointed in this \\"Best of\\" compilation. That's why I'm giving it 3 out 5 stars. If this is a \\"Best Of\\"...where is \\"Nothing\\" where is \\"Blue Dress\\"???? Who put this compilation together? As a true fan, I can think of a whole list of better songs to replace some of the ones put on this compilation. Just because a song had radio play doesn't necessarily make it \\"Best of\\" quality. Those are the songs I'm tired of hearing to be honest. You can do better than this. Seriously.<br />~
B000069HZP|5.0|This was an awesome movie. I bought it as a gift for my dad. I saw the movie and knew he'd like it. The movie came to me brand new, and was very inexpensive. Thanks!!
1932100660|5.0|I cannot add much substantively to the hundreds of well-deserved 5-star reviews this book has already received.  Suffice to say that Dr. Campbell provides the most comprehensive and intelligent synthesis and analysis ever published of the many hundreds of peer-reviewed studies (including his seminal China Study) from the past several decades that demonstrate the direct connection between diet/nutrition and health.  It is extremely well written and clearly understandable to anyone with reasonable cognitive skills.  Having read numerous books on health, diet & nutrition, I can confidently state that nothing else comes remotely close to making its case as convincingly as THE CHINA STUDY.  This book does not just simply preach a philosophy of good health; rather it provides the reader with the overwhelming (and largely ignored) medical evidence that supports that philosophy.    Dr. Campbell also demonstrates why this information is so threatening to the medical and agribusiness establishments in this country.  The compelling evidence rocks the very foundations of what we like to consider \\"the best medical care in the world\\" and threatens the bottom line of our modern corporate food industry.  It undermines the professional dogma taught in medical schools and practiced in doctors' offices and hospitals throughout the country -- including your surgeon and your family doctor (the fact that medical education in the U.S. virtually ignores any training on nutrition is stupefying).  In short, the task of confronting and overcoming the powerful interests that are wholly invested in things-as-they-are is daunting indeed.    A truly stunning achievement, this book deserves to be on the desk of every single health professional, every elected politician, and every governmental official tasked with dealing with matters of public health.  With growing health care costs projected to literally overwhelm the economic future of the U.S, I can't imagine a publication more deserving of broader dissemination and a national call-to-action.  As a public health service, I'd like to suggest that the Kindle version of this book be made available for $2.00 to $3.00, and distributed to medical schools/students everywhere.
B004USRLRS|4.0|This is a classic!  I almost forgot about how catchy these little tunes were.  Great memories from my college years.  For the first solo record by an artist this is one of the best.  Better than \\"McCartney\\" by far!
B004YXE438|5.0|Fun app with enough variety to keep me entertained. Contrary to other reviews, this installs and works just fine on my Droidx.
B00005N6KG|4.0|These are great headphones.   Pros:  lightweight  stay in your ears  clear sound    Cons:  they feel like the plastic is going to snap  they take some time to get used to  the cable is a bit short    overall: these are a great deal and are esp. good for exercising since they won't fall out and are very lightweight.
1400052181|4.0|Even if you're not especially engaged by science and the study of cell lines, you will be drawn into the world of Henrietta Lacks and her HeLa cells.  This book personalizes early attempts at culturing cells for study and the benefit of mankind.  Along the way, it deals personally with the unknowing donor, her fascinating family and racism in the days before informed consent.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|There are very few $1 games that I usually enjoy for more than 5 minutes. This game however has gotten me hooked. Increasingly challenging levels make you want to keep playing the game. Good job!
B003YFIUW8|3.0|First off, I want to say that I really would give this book around 3.75 stars, but not 4, which is why I put it as 3. Second, I would advise you not to read the full synopsis of this novel before reading it--just know the basic plot and you're all set, unless you don't mind having it spoiled for you.<br /><br />Anyway, on to the review:<br /><br />My expectations for Room were very high, but at the same time I was a little worried about a novel with a 5-year-old narrator. While this was partly what attracted me to the book, I thought it might be difficult to both convey enough information and still have the narrator really seem 5 years old. But ultimately, I think that Donoghue handled this wonderfully. Jack is a superb narrator and I do not think that this novel could have been told from any other point of view. His perspective is so unique, and while he may be a bit more descriptive than the average child, I did not have a problem believing that he was so young. Certain aspects of the novel do seem oversimplified, though: some things work out too easily, and others just aren't as complicated as they should be. But I don't think there is very much that Donoghue could have done to explain these while staying in Jack's perspective; Jack couldn't understand everything that was going on--and indeed, much of the novel focuses on Jack's totally skewed perception of the world, resulting from growing up in the Room and from what his Ma told him. It's heartbreaking but very interesting to see how Jack perceives the world. To that end, I loved how much detail Donoghue included regarding Jack's perceptions and the various aspects of the world that he did not know or did not understand. I think she thought of many things that I would have never considered, like the fact that at age five Jack has never worn shoes before because there is no reason to within the confines of the Room.<br /><br />I did find the middle of the book kind of boring. While I didn't have any trouble getting through it, that chunk of the book just doesn't stand out to me. And in fact, while I enjoyed Jack's narration and reading everything that happens to him and his Ma, I guess I was expecting more. I can't say that I was really disappointed, but I will say that I didn't love Room as much as I expected to, nor was it the emotional roller coaster I anticipated (I feel like it moved too quickly to be extremely emotional). I really, really wanted to love this book. I wanted it to shred me up then piece me back together. But my expectations were too high. It was very interesting and compelling, with a fascinating premise, and I do consider it a worthwhile read, but it was not quite what I expected.ing through it, that chunk of the book just doesn't stand out to me. And in fact, while I enjoyed Jack's narration and reading everything that happens to him and his Ma, I guess I was expecting more. I can't say that I was really disappointed, but I will say that I didn't love Room as much as I expected to, nor was it the emotional roller coaster I anticipated (I feel like it moved too quickly to be extremely emotional). I really, really wanted to love this book. I wanted it to shred me up then piece me back together. But my expectations were too high. It was very interesting and compelling, with a fascinating premise, and I do consider it a worthwhile read, but it was not quite what I expected.
B0053Q9DHW|1.0|I have thee words for your locking your mad wife in the attic like an animal chauvinist governess fantasy: Wide Sargasso Sea.
0345404475|4.0|While I sort of expected an action novel, Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?, though centering around Rick Deckard's search for and elimination of Nexus-6 androids, is much more about perception, introspection, and the emotional reasons behind humanity. While these traits might not have led to quite as good of a movie, I think that the emotional challenges faced by the bounty hunter Deckard and the \\"special,\\" or \\"chickenhead\\" J.R. Isidore are what have allowed this novel to stand the test of time.<br /><br />While many summaries don't even mention Isidore, a good portion of the novel centers around him and his struggles as someone deemed too unintelligent to leave Earth. These were the portions of the novel I found the most fascinating. One of the novel's main themes is the difference between androids and humans, namely the android's lack of empathetic abilities. While Deckard is supposedly the \\"normal\\" human, in comparison to Isidore he could nearly be classified as an android. Isidore has such an interesting way of thinking and responding, and is much more poetic and real than the often petty Rick Deckard, and consequently I loved reading about his thoughts and feelings.<br /><br />Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep? is a short novel and a very quick read, but I think that Dick fit in as much character development as possible in such a small space. I loved that the novel is filled with juxtapositions of the emotions and perceptions of Deckard, Isidore, and the androids. While there are, of course, parts of the plot that could have been developed further, such as the nature of the androids (and specifically one android), I still found this to be a great novel, and one that bridges the gap between science fiction and literary fiction.
B004VSTP4Y|1.0|I loved the first two books...this one, not at all. It was very slow and I kept wanting to skim over all the boring parts, and I usually never get those impulses.    The ending was terrible. So many unanswered questions, the ending did not seem right at all. It just seemed like the author was bored with it and wanted to hurry up and put an ending together.    I would recommend the first two books, but not this one.
0307454541|4.0|When my dad read The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo a while back, every time I walked by him he looked up (or didn't, because he was so insanely engrossed in the novel) and said, \\"Natanya, you HAVE TO READ THIS.\\" Although I knew that I would not be as blown away by it as he was (my dad spends most of his time reading emails, not novels, and he's a computer geek), I knew I had to see whether the novel lived up to the hype. And now that I've read it, I can say that the majority of it did. The real meat of the story--the main mystery--is quite the thrill ride, and I found it pretty impossible to guess who the \\"culprit\\" was until the end. I loved Salander and her various methods of getting information or making things work to her advantage. Blomkvist was a little blah at times, but that didn't really hinder the novel very much--he provided a pretty good contrast to Salander's unpredictability.<br /><br />However, the mystery is framed by this financial libel disaster that Blomkist got himself into, and, consequently, I found the beginning and end of the novel to be very boring. While I was largely able to ignore Larsson's often excessive amount of detail for the bulk of the book (some of which became relevant later, others which were really not necessary), I had to force myself through the first 75 pages or so of detail and financial crap that was relevant to Blomkvist's life, but entirely irrelevant to the rest of the book. I suppose it is better that Larsson fleshed out the context rather than just throwing it in as a wimpy reasoning for why Blomkvist could spend a year on this mystery, but, honestly, I have little interest in the financial world.<br /><br />But, while this boring frame (and maybe it was just boring to me) made the novel a bit less enjoyable, the bulk of it is much more applicable to a college age girl (at times terrifyingly so), and is also far more graphic, shocking, gruesome, and totally gripping. As a warning, though, it does get pretty gross at times, and I had a hard time falling asleep a couple nights after reading this. So you may not want to read The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo right before going to sleep, but if you like mysteries or thrillers, or are just looking for a hold-onto-your-pants ride of a novel, do read it.s, and I had a hard time falling asleep a couple nights after reading this. So you may not want to read The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo right before going to sleep, but if you like mysteries or thrillers, or are just looking for a hold-onto-your-pants ride of a novel, do read it.
B003XF1XOQ|1.0|I realize their are many bad reviews for this book, as well as good ones. And I also know some people absolutely loved this book, whiles others were greatly disappointed. I would like to categorize myself in the \\"greatly disappointed\\" group. This book basically ruined the whole series for me. At the end, I was wishing I never even bothered with the series. I've never disliked the ending to a series/book as much as I did with this book.      I have never said/thought/ this before, but when the movies for this series come out, I HOPE the directors make the ending to the series better than the book does. Usually I go to the movies hoping the producers and directors stayed as close to the book as possible, but with this, I'm hoping they do the exact opposite with the third book/movie.      Sorry for all of those that love this book and the way it ended the series, but we will have to agree to disagree. I will not be recommending this book to anyone.  Although, I might recommend the first two books, and warn them away from the third and tell them to come up with their own ending.
0385737955|3.0|I do not read a lot of YA these days, but I started The Maze Runner because I was in the middle of a very good, but pretty slow, novel and wanted something I could easily read on the airplane. Suffice it to say, I got exactly what I was looking for. I read the whole novel in the 5ish I hours I was on the plane, spending little time bored. With the YA genre exploding with dystopian novels (Uglies, The Hunger Games, et cetera et cetera), I was glad to find Dashner's maze unique and appealing, constantly stirring my curiosity and making me wonder what he was going to throw at these kids next.<br /><br />What the novel lacks, however, is development. The simplicity of the writing and the story indicate that it is written for a younger audience, perhaps of the 11-14 range (Amazon labels it as grades 6-10), but the plot still appeals to older teenagers, and Dashner unfortunately opened a lot of doorways through which he never stepped. I spent the first half of the novel wanting to yell at Thomas because he kept stating the obvious and acting like a whiny brat. I know his situation certainly validated the whininess, but I had a hard time feeling sympathetic. Aside from the final major battle, most of the problems in the novel are solved too easily and quickly--for example, nights which would logically feel to go on forever to the boys end very quickly. I suppose Dashner was trying to keep the story from lagging, but it ended up too simple and unrealistic. This attempt to keep the story moving resulted in a lack of character development and kept him from taking advantage of all of the opportunities his compelling environment offered. In addition, the novel's ending, which itself was abrupt and clearly thrown in just to pave the way for the sequel, is a bit too much like all of the other dystopian novels I've read. However, there is still time for Dashner to make it more distinctive, and I do think I'll read the next book at some point (maybe on the plane back to school) to see where he goes with the story.<br /><br />Although I took little away from The Maze Runner, it had a great premise and moved at a quick pace, allowing minimal time for boredom. It was a good choice for reading on an airplane, and also worked well as a break from a slower but more thought-provoking book.see where he goes with the story.<br /><br />Although I took little away from The Maze Runner, it had a great premise and moved at a quick pace, allowing minimal time for boredom. It was a good choice for reading on an airplane, and also worked well as a break from a slower but more thought-provoking book.
B003EYVXUU|5.0|One of my top three vampire movies of all time:  Curtis' Dracula starring Jack Palance and Herzog's Nosferatu the Vampyre.  Unlike the other two movies, there is no historical context to the characters and story.  It's a movie about a 12 year old girl (vampire) who's been twelve for a very long time and a twelve year old boy who is lonely, facing his parents' divorce and the local bullies at school.  The director captured the mid 1980s well:  clothing, music, arcade/video games, etc and yet, there is a timeless quality to the film. The scene with the rubik cube is just wonderful and Owen's delight at finding the completed cube (and possible new friend) the next morning is special.  The two young actors are truly the stars of the film and their interactions  with each other elevates this film to another level beyond being just another vampire movie.   The film contains some scenes of intense but subtle violence and yet, some very tender scenes.  The relationship between Abby and Owen is a symbiotic one and yet, there is an underlying current of affection, dare one say love.  They both need each other for very different reasons and yet, it comes off so natural in the film.  I found the director's emphasis on Abby's feet a clever and unique aspect of the film.  The supporting cast is excellent.  I wasn't sure what to expect when I first watched this film but after a couple of viewings, my appreciation for it has only grown.  A film not for children but adults who want a vampire story and love story with a twist.
B004EPZ070|2.0|'Something Borrowed' is based on the novel of the same name by Emily Griffin which I've never heard of. It concerns a group of thirtysomethings as they struggle through a love rectangle or trapezoid or whatever shape is made up by Kate Hudson ('How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days'), Ginnifer Goodwin ('Big Love'), John Krasinski ('The Office'), and the unfortunately named Colin Egglesfield ('Melrose Place').  It's also occasionally a love pentagon or hexagon if you count Ashley WIlliams & Steve Howey.  As are typical in stories about differently shaped loves, there's lots of betrayal amongst of friends, panicking of unfaithfuls, heartfelt conversations covered in rain, and unnecessary stupidity of everyone involved. . . but, that last bit is expected in any romance, cinematic or real.<br /><br />One major problem with a film about infidelity is that it's impossible to really like anyone involved with the scandal.  Here, we only have the Rachel, the woman who betrays her friend (Goodwin); Dex, the fianc&eacute; who betrays his love (Egglesfield); and, Darcy, the woman betrayed by both (Hudson).  Typically, you can associate with those cheated on solely through sympathy, but that was made difficult for two reasons: 1) Darcy's a secondary character who seems to always act like that girl who always gets too drunk at college parties; and, 2) The movie constantly acts as if it's going to reveal something negative about her past (spoiler: it does).  Granted, no one deserves to be hurt this way for being annoying, but she's still not an enjoyable character to watch.  Maybe things would be different if Darcy and Rachel's roles were swapped, but we all know of hindsight's perfection.  Left alone behind all this despicable behaviour is the typical nice guy Ethan (Krasinski) who, along only with Dex's dad, acts as a voice of reason in the film.  Unfortunately, he's like an umbrella in a hurricane, unable to rescue this mess of humanity from themselves.<br /><br />Now, I suppose this is a film that's not meant to be enjoyed on the level of a typical romantic comedy; but, with this cast and a sugary, generic title like 'Something Borrowed,' a viewer should not be forced to withstand the cringe-inducing behaviour like that of Dex & Rachel.  Never have I so wanted the leads of a romance to be hit by a New York cabbie.  Then again, I also wished that fate upon myself for a while to alleviate the misery of watching these monsters.  Clearly, writer Jennie Snyder & director Luke Greenfield, who have both successfully worked in romance before this film, have talent that should carry them through their futures, but a film this unlikable was not their best step forward to that future.  A romance hasn't been this depressing since last year's 'Blue Valentine,' but at least that film succeeded because of its sad nature and didn't have to battle against it.<br /><br />Final Verdict: 4/10.<br /><br />-AP3-a film that's not meant to be enjoyed on the level of a typical romantic comedy; but, with this cast and a sugary, generic title like 'Something Borrowed,' a viewer should not be forced to withstand the cringe-inducing behaviour like that of Dex & Rachel.  Never have I so wanted the leads of a romance to be hit by a New York cabbie.  Then again, I also wished that fate upon myself for a while to alleviate the misery of watching these monsters.  Clearly, writer Jennie Snyder & director Luke Greenfield, who have both successfully worked in romance before this film, have talent that should carry them through their futures, but a film this unlikable was not their best step forward to that future.  A romance hasn't been this depressing since last year's 'Blue Valentine,' but at least that film succeeded because of its sad nature and didn't have to battle against it.<br /><br />Final Verdict: 4/10.<br /><br />-AP3-
B0031RAOVY|5.0|THIS IS A GREAT MOVIE AND I ENJOYED IT VERY MUCH.  I LIKE MOST ALL OF RICHARD GERE'S MOVIES.  LOYALTY FROM AN ANIMAL IS ESPECIALLY TOUCHING.
B004YXE438|5.0|I don&apos;t usually rate Apps but this game has been great so far. nice layout, no crashes or lagging on my Htc thunderbolt. Was a great freebie. I would even recommend buying it if you like these types of puzzles.
B004WOS7LO|2.0|After reading the good reviews, I thought that this would be a great addition to my music collection. It was fair, and will be stacked in the fair pile.
B000Y7U98W|4.0|This movie follows the journey of a group of \\"astronauts\\" as they journey to our dying Sun to release a type of bomb into the Sun to \\"reignite the Sun.\\" I enjoyed how the used the Sun as another sort of character, more of the sense of how close they are to being killed by the Sun (only protected by type of heat shield) and at the same time how they are all ensnared by the Sun and its beauty. The story revolves around the crews struggle against harshness of space, human nature and curiosity, and the fear of failure in completing their mission. The visuals of space and the Sun are amazing in this movie.
B0000042H4|5.0|If you are a Wagner fan, the Georg Solti Ring is a must have.  Legendary singers and terrific sound.
B0053YEM7U|5.0|A great mix of songs played live geared more for the true Yes fan. All of the greats that they fit in are; TEMPEST  fUGuT, Machine Masiaha, Heart of the Sunrise, And you and I, Yours in no Disgrace, Starship Trooper, I've all good people, Owner of a lonely heart, and of course Roundabout. With 3 good songs from their new album the total show time was a solid 2 yours.  A GREAT TIME
B0053F042G|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this film.  I would agree with other reviews which alluded to \\"Quantum Leap\\" (btw, Scott Bakula has a voice role) and \\"Groundhog Day\\" (albeit sans humor).  This movie indeed combines elements of other science fiction works, but it does actually work.  There is the parallel/alternate timeline part of the story.  The brief jump back into time element.  The taking over another person element.  The \\"do you really know what's going on?\\" element.  This starts to sound like some of those special effect without a story sort of films, but the creators of this feature actually put the various components to good use and make a product greater than the sum of it's parts.    The best thing about this film, for me at least, is the triumph of the main character over seemingly impossible circumstances in the face of others who naysay his efforts...even impeding those efforts.    The characters are generally likeable and easily related to.  No one does anything superhuman, just working the problems.
0736092269|5.0|Great book to build an exercise routine from. It has a lot of stuff that I wouldn't have thought of.
B004ZZS4CC|5.0|I've been reading the reviews of naysayers complaining that the book is not well written. Gees, people, can you find a bit of insight here? Much of it is written from a child's perspective as she does not think back to those days, but relives them in her mind as they actually occurred. For someone who was forced to drop out of school at 11 years old, the book flows well and is easy to read. I got to the section which was many entries about her cherished cats and felt the book drag some, but kept in mind that WAS her life. Aside from her robotic response to form emotional bonds with two sociopathological lunatics, the cats were her only real friends. From a psychological perspective, I came to understand her in terms of why she did not attempt to leave, and what about her temperament and personality that made her a prime target for abuse, and at the same time, a person capable of surviving through it.      She's a miracle, not so much because she survived, but because she made the most of a terrible situation and did not allow herself to believe she had been destroyed or damaged. All of it was done TO her, as an object, and she did not accept personal responsibility for their sick behavior. Hopefully, she will continue to move on with her life and not second guess herself about things that cannot be changed at this point.
0553801473|5.0|George R.R Martin is an a$$h0le<br /><br />Just when you think things couldn't get any worse you realize you know nothing.<br />The writing is spectacular and so is the book.<br />just don't get attached to any characters and you'll love it.<br />But then again it is better to have lost and lost than never to have loved at all.<br />Keep it in mind when your'e reading this book and you'll be just fine,<br />Forget it and you will be crying for days!
014241722X|5.0|Not every author can segue from writing adult books to children's books.  Grisham succeeds in writing a suspenseful, entertaining book with a novel subject matter (a kid who aspires to be a lawyer or judge, and his adventures within that context).  Besides the main plot, children will learn a lot of legal terminology and how the justice system works.  And though unfortunately relevant, children will also learn about concepts like foreclosure, mortgages, and bankruptcy, all explained in an articulate, easy to understand and compassionate manner by the main character, in a way that children whose parents are struggling and may be filled with unanswered questions and fear will welcome with relish and relief that they are not alone.  I look forward to reading the sequels, and am happy as a parent (and grandparent) that there is a simple, intelligent, and clean (no sex, no bad language) book series that 11 to 14 year olds can enjoy, with its many positive attributes including the value of good family relationships, no matter how unconventional those relationships might be.
0553801473|1.0|Sorry about my review title, but some clever chap already took \\"If You're Into Diarrhea, This is the Book for You\\"<br /><br />Before I get too far, let me say that I really enjoyed the first three books even though the adult fantasy genre isn't my favorite type of fantasy. The 4th book was an obvious stumble that left me so unsure about the rest of the series, I decided to check this book out from the library rather than purchase it as I had the others.  It saved me from buyer's remorse.<br /><br />If \\"A Dance with Dragons\\" was an absolute *bleep* to write as Martin has said, it was an even bigger *bleep* to read.  In reading it, I truly felt mired in the same morass, writer's block, Meereenese knot, etc. that Martin experienced in writing it.  I refuse to believe the intended theme of this book is boredom, drudgery, or frustrating hopelessness because that's what came across.  That<br /><br />A lot of readers and many critics mistakenly waved around the massive page count of each successive book as an obvious sign of the series greatness.<br />The danger of going too big, too epic is that you either burn up (a la Daedalus) or you burn out (author and readers).  The K.I.S.S. method (Keep It Simple, Stupid) or maybe more realistically the \\"everything in moderation\\" philosophy is necessary even in a massive epic.  Everything dies.  Everything good must come to an end.  If you fight it, you slowly, painfully, and sometimes (with much embarrassment) fade away into irrelevance.<br /><br />It's why Lost producers set an end date for their award-winning epic show.<br />It's why the Beatles aimed for tight 2 and a half minute songs.<br />It's why Brett Favre should've retired the first time.<br /><br />Staleness is a real threat.  Sometimes less can be more.  You must leave something to the imagination of the reader....you can't spell out every last little detail or you smother a work to death.<br /><br />I'm rambling (ironic, huh) so let me create a list of why I gave this book one star:<br /><br />1. Nothing happens! - Six years waiting for the next chapter and we get a glorifed prologue along with a deli ticket for another 5-6 years wait.<br />2. Characters - The change in how his character's acted felt very false to how they acted in the previous books.  Smart becomes dumb.<br />3. Martin's Coat of Arms is a Freak Flag and he flies it - George's juvenile, sicko fascination with the depraved and disgusting reaches a new low.  I think he throws something in to cover every single sexual fetish.  He talks about poo a lot also.<br />4. 959 pages of adjectives and no action verbs<br />5. The repetition of mottoes, flashbacks, and descriptions is distracting to the point of anger.<br />5. The lack of meaning - With each success character death or turnaround betrayal, the book demonstrates it's nihilism as opposed to Tolkien's focus on hope and faith.<br />6. Meereen - Talk about wandering the desert for 40 years.  No one cares about the Free Cities, Valyria, Meereen, etc.  We're still digesting Dorne from FOC<br />7. I actually found typos....no, really.....typos.<br /><br />All his worst instincts come to light in this one.  I don't know whether a good editor could've curtailed or prevented this from occurring...but the fact remains that it did occur.book one star:<br /><br />1. Nothing happens! - Six years waiting for the next chapter and we get a glorifed prologue along with a deli ticket for another 5-6 years wait.<br />2. Characters - The change in how his character's acted felt very false to how they acted in the previous books.  Smart becomes dumb.<br />3. Martin's Coat of Arms is a Freak Flag and he flies it - George's juvenile, sicko fascination with the depraved and disgusting reaches a new low.  I think he throws something in to cover every single sexual fetish.  He talks about poo a lot also.<br />4. 959 pages of adjectives and no action verbs<br />5. The repetition of mottoes, flashbacks, and descriptions is distracting to the point of anger.<br />5. The lack of meaning - With each success character death or turnaround betrayal, the book demonstrates it's nihilism as opposed to Tolkien's focus on hope and faith.<br />6. Meereen - Talk about wandering the desert for 40 years.  No one cares about the Free Cities, Valyria, Meereen, etc.  We're still digesting Dorne from FOC<br />7. I actually found typos....no, really.....typos.<br /><br />All his worst instincts come to light in this one.  I don't know whether a good editor could've curtailed or prevented this from occurring...but the fact remains that it did occur.
B0050LJIRK|4.0|This is a good album and delivers the goods. If it was released in 2002 as the follow up to Chocolate Starfish, it would've tore up the charts and kept Limp Bizkit atop the list of Biggest Bands in the World. Alas, Wes left, Fred started taking himself too seriously and momentum was lost. There are four hits on the album -- the title track, Shark Attack, Walking Away, and Back Porch -- aggressive, hard-hitting, and catchy. Will it work in 2011? Nope. But in seven years, people will look back and say this was a pretty good, overlooked album (kinda the same way Paul's Boutique by The Beastie Boys was completely ignored when it was released in 1989, but became a classic years after the fact). I hope Fred, Wes, and company stick with it and stay around to see this album get its due. Because, if you close your eyes, forget what year it is, and ignore all the self-important things Fred has done and said over the past 10 years, you'll like what you hear.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|The first few games are easy, and then you have to start thinking.  My wee brain got a workout, and I admit I had to struggle on the early games for a good hour or so.  I like this game as it requires problem solving skills.  This game doesn&apos;t seem to promote brain rot like a typical phone game that just tests your video playing skills.  This game is crazy addictive too.  I&apos;m glad to have gotten it.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|It&apos;s cool because I like killing the zombies with the plants, seeing how many points \/ suns I get.  It&apos;s an awesome game!!!\n
B004YEJGEO|5.0|This is a very enjoyable bunch of logic puzzles.  They start easy enough but before long they really make your brain work to figure them out.
B004HGBUVG|1.0|I love Lucinda Williams' earlier work (\\"Lucinda Williams\\", \\"Sweet Old World\\", \\"Car Wheels on a Gravel Road\\"), but to me, this album is like fingernails on a blackboard.  I've only listened one time all the way through, and tried a couple of other times, but couldn't get past the first 3 or 4 songs.  (Don't even ASK me about that weird second CD.  It's just plain wrong!) Sometimes I need to hear an album 4 or 5 times until it grows on me, but I have my doubts about this one.  I hate to diss Lucinda, but this one's just not my cup of tea.  Get Gurf Morlix to produce your albums again, Lucinda.
0439023521|3.0|I saw that the novel would be made into a movie and a co-worker said he enjoyed it so I bought it for my kindle.   In fairness it is promoted as a teen novel, maybe I just need more.   The premise was solid and for me novels written in the 1st person are always tricky. I felt the storyline (relationship) between Peeta and Kantiss was odd at best.   Its a quick read and I don't regret reading it but as for now I don't think I'll be reading 2 or 3. Just not my cup of tea.
B002VECLVO|3.0|A quite intriguing film on many levels. I'm not quite sure   why it works (it's so very 60's English) and the setting   did take me by surprise. Shows how much I knew of Isherwood's   works!   Firth is superb in the title role; his is a measured and   understated performance. The cinematography is wonderful   and beautifully evokes the early 1960's, so much so that   at times I did ponder whether perhaps the cinematographer   had imagined the film in black and white.   The subject matter, whilst not entirely a rarity in modern-day   cinema, evokes an era of whispers and subterfuge. Hard to   believe, across the decades, how repressed society really was.   You might need a stiff drink during this film.
B003YL4LYI|3.0|I enjoyed Dance. I suppose the story didn't move as far as I would have liked but it was expected following A Feast for Crows.<br />I enjoyed all the POV's, excluding the Frog Prince.<br />I think all George's chess pieces are aliened to bring 2 powerful and re-readable installments to the Song of Ice and Fire series now that the last 2 are out of the way.<br />I love the series and this book did not hinder that!
B000H6H81Q|5.0|This was purchased for my grandson.  He loves dinosaurs and has a few inexpensive ones from Walmart.  This was more expensive, and it has proven well worth the price.  He plays with this and 2 others that we purchsed non-stop.  This is an extrmely well made toy, very sturdy and heavier than any other dinsosaur he had before.  It looks very realistic and he has had a blast with it.
B004DLPXAO|5.0|With Kindle for PC, Mac, BlackBerry, Android, iPhone / iPad, Windows Mobile and syncing across devices, highlights and more combined with easy use and robust program behavior, you can;t go wrong.<br /><br />All we need now is the ability to create collections across all platforms (Kindle for Windows already has it and it is really useful), and the ability to sort collections alphabetically or by user preference in drag and drop.
B0009S2T0M|5.0|A few years back I looked on IMDB for the top movies of all tymes and found alot of foreign films I had not seen. So I decided I was gonna expand my film knowledge with some of them. This one I had heard of and remembered some controversy so I figured it had at least some meat to it. It was not what I was expecting, but was so much more. I have always enjoyed the foreign films with their disregard for anyones feelings and trying to appeal to the masses. They make a movie how they envision it and if you dont like it... then dont watch it. This is one of those movies that just doesnt stop shocking you. The story is presented in such a way that you are just as confused as the main character and are on edge trying to figure out what is next. The movie has a few semi disturbing sick moments, but if you can look past the gore and other issues you should be ok and enjoy a really good movie. It is easily the best revenge movie I have ever seen.
B003YL4LYI|2.0|After getting hooked on this fantasy series just looking for some closure, I  was sorely disappointed in this book and the series as a whole. There are few characters for whom we feel some sympathy and I got very tired of the endless torture and gore, with no resolution. My ending: Dany ends the wars and Jon becomes her husband. The dragons are tamed or banished and the Stark sisters are reunited happily. I will not buy any further episodes.
1591391105|4.0|The First 90 Days is a good primer for any new business leader, or even anyone starting a new project at work.  A few reviewers have noted that there's really nothing new here content-wise, and I would agree with that, generally speaking.  As I read, I found that I already knew many of the tactics Watkins writes about, and a lot of the things he addresses here I was already instinctively doing.  Thus I don't think this is a good book for someone looking for general business learning.      But as a situational guide, I think this book is helpful.  What I liked about it is that it put all the information I knew into a framework for action.  As I read this during my current transition, I found that I was already doing a lot that he suggested, but reading it on the page somehow solidified what I was doing in my mind.  Though I was doing some of these things, I hadn't really thought about why and what it meant in the broader context of my transition strategy.      Watkins breaks the 90-day period into 10 different components, with Chapter titles such as Promoting Yourself, Securing Early Wins, and Creating Coalitions.  He further breaks the types of transitions one might experience into four kinds: realignment, turnaround, sustaining success, and start-up.  In fact, I thought the most instructive chapter was Matching Strategy to Situation.  In it Watkins discusses how your strategy will be different depending on the type of transition.  Again, something that might be intuitive for some, but putting it in this framework really helps.  For example, I'm in a `sustaining success' situation and one of the challenges is avoiding making rash decisions that rock the boat.  As someone who tends to be blunt and to the point, I found this a helpful reminder that my usual way of doing things won't earn me success in my new role.    Perhaps this book is most suited for those of us less organized than others, to help us focus.  But I certainly think it's worth a look if you're going into a transition and would like a touchstone to lead you through.
B004VMVTNU|5.0|I've been using Alarm Droid for about a year now, and gave this one a try because it was smaller (1/3 size of Alarm Droid), and I've been looking for ways to reduce my memory usage.<br /><br />I must say, I'm impressed.  The features are similar to Alarm Droid, with the addition of being able to set the alarm to slowly reach 100% volume over xx seconds.  This is a real plus so you're not \\"scared\\" awake by the traditional, blaring alarm.  One feature Alarm Droid has is the voice notification of the current weather and forecast with the alarm, but if you turn off the alarm quickly (as most of us do) you don't hear that feature anyway because of the \\"delay\\" after the initial alarm.<br /><br />I also like the features of being able to decrease the snooze time for 2nd, 3rd, etc. snooze and increase the # of seconds you have to shake the phone to dismiss the alarm (each snooze increases by 1-sec shake time).  Set the first one for 10-min, and the next goes off in 9-min, etc. so you're gradually nudged out of bed faster and faster on those rough mornings, lol.<br /><br />Another plus is being able to set multiple alarms with different alarm-tones.  Alarm Droid has this feature too, but it was unreliable, especially if you had it tuned to an Internet radio station or \\"random\\" MP3 file on your phone.  I was late to work more than once until I figured out I needed to set a specific ring-tone.  So far, Alarm Clock Extreme has not had any issues with activating properly when set to \\"random\\".<br /><br />Needless to say, Alarm Droid is off my phone and Alarm Clock Extreme is my new alarm clock!
B0050JN88M|4.0|When I heard about this DVD being readied for release, I couldn't wait for a chance to see what was going to be culled from the archives. As I did not opt for the CD/DVD combo package(I already have both the Japan and Long Beach gigs on disc), I simply ordered the sole DVD. The additional booklet that was included was a nice touch and although some of the footage has already been made available(via History, Hits and Highlights 68-76), I still find the finished product as a satisfying addition to the Mach IV story. Despite the fact that only Jon Lord and Glenn Hughes are featured for the present day recollection of this time period, they are very insightful within their contributions on the impact of Tommy Bolin's presence within the band at that particular time.    There is a bit too much rambling from Hughes about his cocaine addiction towards the middle of the disc, but it does offer basic reasons why the IV lineup was so short lived. There is an interesting anecdote to their trip to Jakarta that I wasn't aware of, and how sinister of a twist that happened to them in losing one of their bodyguards, on top of having difficulty leaving the country itself; pretty spooky stuff there!! I agree that the Rises Over Japan footage is certainly not one of Tommy's better moments, but the remastering of the performance is well done, nonetheless. I enjoy the track by track dissection of Come Taste the Band in the special features section of the disc as it gives more insight into the overall process of recording that album. For serious Purple fans, like myself, this a must have to add to the collection. And its certainly of interest to fans of Tommy Bolin as well. 4 stars
0226264211|5.0|1. \\"Freedom is a rare and delicate plant. Our minds tell us, and history confirms, that the great threat to freedom is the concentration of power.\\"    2. \\"Competitive capitalism promotes political freedom because it separates economic power from political power and in this way enables the one to offset the other.\\"    3. \\"Because we live in a largely free society, we tend to forget how limited is the span of time and the part of the globe for which there has ever been anything like political freedom: the typical state of mankind is tyranny, servitude, and misery.\\"    4. \\"Indeed, a major source of objection to a free economy is precisely that it does this task so well. It gives people what they want instead of what a particular group thinks they ought to want. Underlying most arguments against the free market is a lack of belief in freedom itself.\\"    5. \\"The fundamental threat to freedom is power to coerce, be it in the hands of a monarch, a dictator, an oligarchy, or a momentary majority.\\"    6. \\"Every act of government intervention limits the area of individual freedom directly and threatens the preservation of freedom indirectly.\\"    7. \\"A central element in the development of a collectivist sentiment in this century, at least in Western countries, has been a belief in equality of income as a social goal and a willingness to use the arm of the state to promote it.\\"    8. \\"I find it hard to see any justification for graduated taxation solely to redistribute income. This seems a clear case of using coercion to take from some in order to give to others and thus to conflict head-on with individual freedom.\\"    9. \\"Humility is the distinguishing virtue of the believer in freedom; arrogance, of the paternalist.\\"    10. \\"Concentrated power is not rendered harmless by the good intentions of those who create it.\\"    [....]
B0040JHXTI|5.0|Bah---Roooooce!!!! What a great insight into an iconic poet's struggle vs THE MAN. This parallels Tom Petty's quest for justice. The leeches that are out there in \\"friendly and fatherly\\" form have ruined many of our greatest. Darkness has always rocked. With this masterpiece of work we are now able to realize how this skinny kid triumphed, the vision he had, and the steps he took to get there. I have EVERYTHING Dylan ever put out, I love Bob and the soundtrack he provided for my life but, if consistency is utilized as a hallmark, Bruce beats everybody. The body of work he has given me....oh, oh, oh, oh, Thunder Road. Sit tight, take hold...Be sure to check out Magic, Devils and the his trip over to blarneyland (CD and DVD!) The Boss has NOT LET UP one iota. Clarence...come on back, soon Big Man.
0143116177|5.0|400 years ago, banking wasn't so big. In fact, bankers were practically outcasts. Throughout the history of Western civilization, there has been a recurrent hostility to finance and financiers, rooted in the idea that those who make their living from lending money are somehow parasitical on the 'real' economic activities of agriculture and manufacturing.     So, how did we go from ghettos to Goldman? Behind each great historical phenomenon there lies a financial secret, and this book sets out to illuminate them. Neill Ferguson examines global history Freakonomics-style, sorting through past events while providing surprising and insightful explanations.    For instance, Giovanni di Medici, father of the great Cosimi di Medici, saw that while charging interest was a sin, nothing prevented a trader from making money on taking a commission for converting currencies. If converted currencies were advanced for longer periods of time, the commission would grow as well. By diversifying his investments across traders, depositors and different currencies, Giovanni created a truly booming, stable and legally acceptable bank.    \\"Now for the first time,\\" Ferguson explains, \\"money lending had evolved into banking.\\"    Despite our deeply rooted prejudices against 'filthy lucre', however, money is the root of most progress. Far from being the work of mere leeches intent on sucking the life's blood out of indebted families or gambling with the savings of widows and orphans, financial innovation has been an indispensable factor in mans advance from wretched subsistence to the giddy heights of material prosperity that so many people know today. In short, the ascent of money has been essential to the ascent of man.    In fact, the recent meltdown has led some to feel, along with German President Horst Kohler, that financial markets are \\"a monster\\" that \\"must be put back in its place.\\" Ferguson disagrees: Such markets are, rather, like a mirror of mankind--and we shouldn't blame the mirror if it \\"reflects our blemishes as clearly as our beauty.\\"    [...]
1401307787|4.0|You don't even need to know anything about meditating. Reading this beautiful book is a meditation in itself. I feel more peaceful with every passage. Not boring at all. But read Live Like A Fruit Fly if you need something motivational.
031261246X|5.0|The only thing better than a gripping mystery/thriller novel is one that connects to your own life. In Zero Day, by Mark Russinovich, a fascinating tale is woven through the world of high technology, of international cyber crime, of terrorism, and of you and me. It is a story of getting on your flight to a business meeting, of being at work and generating that next invoice to your company's client, and of being home with your family and surfing the web...and what happens when it all goes wrong.<br /><br />In long-popular stories like Mario Puzo's The Godfather or Robert Ludlum's The Bourne Identity, much of what occurs affects those in the underworld of crime or the secretive world of international intrigue respectively. In contrast, in Zero Day hundreds of millions of people's livelihoods -- and many lives -- may be destroyed if the mystery is not solved and solved in time.<br /><br />Russinovich's tale follows a lone computer security consultant as he works to resolve the cause of a system failure at the offices of a successful law firm in New York City. As he digs deeper into the systems and the code in them, like peeling an onion, he follows a path deeper into a world of people bent on destruction of everyday life as we know it and finds himself and those around him in a life-and-death struggle to stave off the threat. Some survive, some don't. It is a world of fiction that is, more and more, played out now in our real, connected world of the computer, the smartphone, and the Internet.<br /><br />Read it.
B003HARV4S|1.0|This disc is marred with back light problems in dark scenes. They appear botchie in the cab ride, the love scene, ect. throughout the movie. For a Blu ray this is a terrible copy. Also note that the blu ray feature disc has no extras. With todays technology, and the amount of info that can be stored on a disc this is a rip off...there are no subtitles what a joke. Twentieth century Fox is ripping you off! I called them, and they basically said, \\"oh well\\". Stay away from this purchase... better yet, stay away from Fox. This product should be recalled if they had any  care about their customers. However, they know you can't take it back once it's been opened. That's where they got you, and they know it. Shame on Fox...and shame on anyone who buys this after reading this review!
B005D9MUWY|5.0|I got this for free , works great on my tablet .not as good as swype but my swype has expired an is not working and this is the best replacement keyboard I found
B002MU4NL8|5.0|I first saw this movie 5 years ago and loved it. Its a spoof on Sci-fi and its Hilarious. I bought the bluray edition because in my opinion its a very under rated movie, but deserves a prime position in my collection. The plot is funny and twisted, the acting from all the cast is first rate, and the laughs are too many to choose from. If you like Sci-fi you'll love it, if you dont like Sci-fi you'll love it, Sigourney Weaver is as beautiful as ever, Tim Allen is genuinely funny. It has a top list of actors well worth it......but hey what would I know.
B0055PMUSU|3.0|The cinematography was great. Acting ok. The thing that really creeps me out is when they emphasize religion. Jesus had nothing to do with your recovery. Human resilience is an amazing thing, and under dire circumstances the human body can overcome incredible strain. Why did she need god to find herself? Simple: she didnt. it was her hard work and effort that made her rise above the rest. if you want something badly enough, eventually you will get it. Nothing to do with a mythical fairytale that supposedly happened 1200 years ago(ie the bible). I guess if people want to continue to participate in religion, they have to at least realize religion divides far more than it unites and just using the good side of religion doesn't mean you are doing a good thing for yourself and the world.
B002ZG99CM|5.0|I was of course leery of watching this movie. I mean, first of all the name of it is 'the karate kid', and the film was made in China and featured Jackie Chan - of whom I am a life-long fan. So kung fu does not equal karate; I figured they could have at least called it \\"the kung fu kid\\", yes?<br /><br />After watching the film, they could call it Dark Cloud Butter Knife and I'd still love it.<br /><br />There are too numerous homage points to compare this new contender to the Miyagi/Daniel-san. But this is not a rehash of the successful franchise I grew up with. The acting alone... no one can say anything bad about Jackie Chan; here he is in his home, and he seems more comfortable than we have ever seen him before. The most surprising part of the film is Jaden Smith. I was worried that he got the part in the film because of his father, but he's wearing his father's charm well, and he obviously does have talent. He did most of his own stunts, and that is worth some cool in my book.<br /><br />The playback of this BD is flawless, picture-perfect and sounds great even in 2-channel audio. The Special Features of this version of the BD is phenomenal: you get to follow Jackie Chan across his homelands, and witness the authentic beauty that is China. There are some great featurettes, including the behind-the-scenes training of Jaden as he brings a natural athleticism to task.  There are even a handful Chinese phrase lessons. Ni hao! Wo han yu shuo de bu hao... dang zhen!<br /><br />If you were a fan of the originals... at least the first two, you should already own this. If you've been fence-sitting, I highly recommend this film. It is rare nowadays to find good and original martial art films. And the fact that this one came from Hollywood makes it something even more of a rarity.
B0019NB9A2|4.0|I had already had the DVD version of Forbidden Planet, but when I saw it available in Blue-Ray, I couldn't pass it up.  I really enjoy the added features that are on the disc.      I especially liked the concept ideas for Robby the Robot and, how much of a movie icon he has become, since this movie came out.
1849461643|5.0|Trying to find information about barristers is as difficult to find as a needle in a haystack; but once again I found what I needed at Amazon.com in a copy of Bewigged and Bewildered: A guide to Becoming a Barrister in England and Wales. As always, the book arrived on time in great condition and for a great price - Thanks Amazon.com
B001ILFUDM|5.0|This is one of my favorite Disney films of the early years.  This blu-ray edition is perfect in almost every sense of the word.  The sound and picture quality are superb.  This is a movie many families have come to know and love for ages now.  For those who have yet to see it, I will not spoil the story, but instead encourage you to pick up a copy and watch it yourself, you will not regret it at all. This movie is one of those gems that stood the test of time, and with a little magic and digital touch-up it is guaranteed to add value to any movie collection.
0140288503|5.0|Mr. Bowden's account on the raid in the Mog is nothing short of excellence in detail and military reporting. To see that this book garnered some 1-star reviews is shows a puzzling lack of depth and underderstanding by some readers on what our soldiers where up against. I found Mr. Bowden's descriptions picturesque with stunning details, and this book gave me a better understanding of the events from the raid itself, the politics behind it, the sometimes agonizing questionable decisions commanders made, the occasional tensions between Delta and the Rangers, and the courage displayed in such hellish conditions to name a few. I could not put this book down. You don't have to agree on why our soldiers were there, but you have to, at the very least, read this book to understand the courage these men displayed while putting their own fears aside and sacrificing their own lives to save a fallen comrade (Gary Gordon and Randy Shugart) while facing overwhealming odds. In war, some consider this a strategic weakness. I see it as flat out heroic. There's no rah-rah behind this; it is what it is. These men didn't sacrifice because it would earn them medals. They did it because a brother was in trouble. I've never had the honor of wearing the uniform, but the very least I could do is read their stories and remember what such men who do wear the uniform do for us and pass that knowledge to the next generation. Read this book!
B004EPYZSK|3.0|You should watch this movie expecting a great check-your-brain-at-the-door flick, and it doesn't disappoint on that count. There are wild west gunfights, love interests, and aliens trying to take over the world -- what more could you ask for?<br /><br />Daniel Craig, Harrison Ford, and Olivia Wilde are residents of an old western town attacked by what a local preacher calls \\"demons.\\" Those demons -- what we call aliens -- pillage and plunder, terrifying the locals and motivating them to drop old rivalries to defeat the new threat.<br /><br />The plot is simple, although it has a couple unexpected twists. You won't walk away with your mind blown, but you also will have enjoyed the show. The aliens are designed well, the characters are intriguing, and the plot has just enough mystery to keep you interested. This movie won't likely be winning any Oscars, but it's a fun film.
0470932139|5.0|Excellent. This is a photographic specialty I want to get into, and this book is an excellent intro. The author is a chef as well as a photographer, so you get the goods from both sides of the plate. Although some of the introductory material regarding technical aspects of digital photography was not something I needed, Ms Dujardin quite rightly approaches the subject as though her readers are picking up a digital camera for the first time. And I certainly am not expert enough to turn up my nose at a review of the material! (Especially when it's explained so clearly.)    I love that every photo has the EXIF data below so you can see how the shot was achieved. I find it frustrating in photo books where the writer's a great photographer, but talks only in generalized terms of how to make specific types of shots. I see a shot I like, I want that info right there, and that's what you see in this book. She covers everything from camera basics to styling, workflow - and provides a nice list of resources too. I'll probably buy more food/photo books, as I can seldom find everything in one spot ( and it's nice to get different perspectives, too) but I am more than pleased with my first purchase in this genre.    In addition to being a good resource, it's beautifully laid out, too. From the choice of paper to the photos to the colors of ink, it's easy on the eyes. I recommend it and hope to see more from this writer.
0439023513|3.0|Without going into the details of the story, I'll just say that the series building to this point was well done. But I felt like the ending to the story, although the outcome was expected and welcome, the writing itself was a little lacking in something. That something that really draws you to closure and that feeling that brings all of the things in the book together. I once learned that good authors don't put anything into a story that doesn't have meaning, and there are some things I wished had come back to close the story.
B005D9MUWY|5.0|it is the must have app... \nI am using it for bilingual Polish-English... \nworks perfect on Thunderbolt... \n\nmissing directional arrows...
B000MRAAJW|4.0|I received this CD very quickly. I am always pleased with this merchant. They did nothing wrong. I DID ... I ordered this video and do not have the equipment to play it on.  In fact, I don't know where I would even get one! I needed an HD DVD player. Make sure you have the right equipment folks!
B000W00Y0Y|5.0|This show is representative of a historical high point in the art of rock & roll performance - Queen sells it completely.  I love the fact that it is just four guys and basic instruments and a few colored lights - no vastly orchestrated multimedia production with horns and whatnot.      We are also quite fortunate that this film was made with top quality methods of the day - the visual and audio quality are as good as most people could pull it off today.  The voice over version with Roger and Brian is moderately interesting - funny to hear them talk about how annoyed they all were with the cameras.
B000P0J0AQ|4.0|The only problem is the boring \\"hes the one\\" destiny crap. The story otherwise is ok, but some stuff in the film got on my nerves. It is a great film dont get me wrong.... but there is that feeling in the back of my mind of frustration when i see this film.    The special effects make up for the stories faults. This movie is a great way to show off your home theatre equipment.
B004SUDQ4U|5.0|Watching This classic movie in this format improves what you thought couldnt be improved! The picture and sound quality almost make a whole new experience! The extra features are interesting and informative. Still a long movie, the first time viewer should watch the theatrical release (included) first then after its natural appreciation, dive into the extended version. Truly worth its weight in gold and with surround sound, when you hear Number one yell, \\"Alarm!!!!!\\" Youll naturally dive for the nearest hole to go below!!!
B0058VW36U|5.0|Great game, but has anyone gotten the update for level 8? If so let me know how. When I go to &quot;Update Available&quot; nothing shows... :\/\n
0071762345|5.0|To start, I interned this Summer with Dave Kerpen's company, Likeable Media, and I was thrilled to read this book during my time working there.     This book truly deserves the title of a \\"New York Times Best Seller\\" without a doubt. One fantastic element of the book is how appropriate it is for social media novices and professionals alike. Each chapter also concludes with a brief yet thorough list of key takeaways and lessons of the chapter, which is an incredible and organized way to really learn some great social media uses right out of the gate.    Also, the book features a perfect combination and balance of both real-world examples, experiences, social media campaigns, and contests rolled out by Dave and Likeable Media, as well as core social media practices that businesses should be implementing today. I can surely say that \\"Likeable Social Media\\" is a definite read for any student, business owner, social media enthusiast, average-joe employee, and pretty much everyone in between.    Overall, definitely pick up this book. It is 100% worth reading, and can absolutely help grow your business, develop your brand, and make you and your company much more likeable on and offline!
0425242099|3.0|I feel like I have said this about the last few books in the series but...  The book was too much filler of characters I couldn't make myself care about but I am addicted to the over-all story/plot.<br /><br />There was about 50 pages of good material here but those 50 pages were very good.  I don't want to give any spoilers away so I'll just say I am still on the edge of my seat, dying to see what happens.
B0000TB03W|4.0|I really enjoyed this concert. All of Shanias \\"UP\\" CD songs are on this. Good music. Plus I really dig how Shania gets in touch with her audience. It makes me want to go see her in concert.
0316069353|5.0|The Lincoln Lawyer, Mickey Haller, returns to action in this courtroom drama. Haller is a successful defense attorney who used to make a living by working from the back sit of his car. However, things are changing fast in this unstable world of ours, and he has to change with them. In order to make ends meet, the good lawyer has turned to foreclosures, one of the most lucrative sectors of our times in the U.S. His practice is suddenly booming and, for the first time, he has to ask for help. So he hires a young woman, just out of the law school, which shows a lot of promise and rents an office.<br />  Haller doesn't find foreclosures as interesting as crime defense, but he's quite happy that business keeps pouring in. After all, saving people's homes is not a bad thing. He misses though those rushes of adrenaline, which only crime trials can give. And what he misses is exactly what he's going to get, as one of his customers, Lisa Trammel, is arrested for the murder of a banker.<br />  Trammel is a desperate woman, who's run out of luck, when the economy collapsed. Her husband went away, leaving her behind with a kid to raise and a big mortgage to pay. As she's about to lose her house she starts a campaign against the banks, which inevitably draws on her person a lot of publicity. Fame, nevertheless, will bring with it misfortune, since when a banker is killed she'll be considered the prime suspect and arrested at once. All the evidence shows that she's guilty. She used to demonstrate outside the back, she gave some people a hard time, a restraining order has been issued against her, and she was spotted by a witness very close to the scene of the crime.<br />  Haller, as expected, will rush to the rescue. He'll take her case and find his way back into crime defense with a bang. He has no idea if she's innocent or guilty, he doesn't even want to know; all he cares about is winning the case for her. The thing is though that Trammel herself is doing everything she can to make his life difficult. Irrationality seems to be her modus operandi. She does almost everything he tells her not to and then some more, and as time goes by the less he trusts her. He hates himself for working for a customer he doesn't like, and whom he started to despise. But that's part of the job and he knows it.<br />  The Fifth Witness is not just a courtroom drama; it's a story of ambitions as well: the ambitions of a lawyer winning a big trial; of a prosecutor who does not hesitate for a moment to play dirty in order to reach her goals; of a woman that just loves to be at the spotlight; and of a man who will stop at nothing to have things his way.<br />  The story moves at a great pace, the action is almost nonstop and all the twists and turns are nicely done. Most of the characters seem to be at a dead end or another. Their love connections are failing and their existential beliefs come into question. Their everyday lives are illuminated and they don't look too good at all.<br />  Maybe, just maybe, this novel is the best Michael Connelly brought out since The Poet. A great read.ke his life difficult. Irrationality seems to be her modus operandi. She does almost everything he tells her not to and then some more, and as time goes by the less he trusts her. He hates himself for working for a customer he doesn't like, and whom he started to despise. But that's part of the job and he knows it.       The Fifth Witness is not just a courtroom drama; it's a story of ambitions as well: the ambitions of a lawyer winning a big trial; of a prosecutor who does not hesitate for a moment to play dirty in order to reach her goals; of a woman that just loves to be at the spotlight; and of a man who will stop at nothing to have things his way.       The story moves at a great pace, the action is almost nonstop and all the twists and turns are nicely done. Most of the characters seem to be at a dead end or another. Their love connections are failing and their existential beliefs come into question. Their everyday lives are illuminated and they don't look too good at all.       Maybe, just maybe, this novel is the best Michael Connelly brought out since The Poet. A great read.
B003K1EYM6|1.0|Hoping that an original Apple accessory would work flawlessly I was thoroughly disappointed. It does not work with my type of SD Card which came with a standard Pannasonic Lumix camara I recently purchased.     Maybe Apple will soon issue another special tool to make some extra cash.
1601251505|5.0|Well written and organized!  Easy to transition into from 3.5 and more enjoyable in my opinion.  It's great to have to books for the same price as WotC use to charge for one, and more and better organized material!
B001UN1KVE|4.0|A classic remnant from the tail end of Mel Brooks's manic, pun-drenched peak. It may not be as smart as The Producers or as complete as Blazing Saddles, but it's every bit as funny as anything he's ever made and that's saying something. Its light-handed approach to storytelling, where the jokes come first and the plot developments are a distant second, is actually very similar to 1981's History of the World, Part I - which should be no surprise, as they're back-to-back in his sequential catalog. Rick Moranis, Bill Pullman and John Candy really come to life in their roles as not-so-subtle parodies of Darth Vader, Han Solo and Chewbacca, respectively, with Moranis in particular somehow getting deep laughs out of lines so cheesy a Taco Bell nacho would flinch. As dumb comedies go it's a heavyweight champion, so infinitely quotable that my buddies and I had to enforce a strict \\"one Spaceballs reference per day\\" policy back in school to keep things from getting out of hand. Absurdly stupid fun.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|This is what a game should be...easy to learn but always a challenge as each new level gets progressively harder.  Fantastic!!!!
B00127RAJY|4.0|I'm not sure if the seller knew or not but even though the DVD came wrapped; it was previously used and scratched up quite a bit. It still plays which is fine and the original attachments are in tact. My only gripe is that the description read \\"brand new\\" which it clearly was not. Other than that, it was fine.
B004VMVTNU|5.0|i love the custom features in this one.  i dont get startled out of sleep anymore, the gradual volume increase is just what i needed.
0807014273|5.0|To detach yourself from such extreme adversities, misery and death all around you, a seemingly hopeless future (actually, death) and to attempt to use that as a research environment to further understand human psychology - that is a contribution of monumental proportions. I was totally moved by his experience in the camp (some of it may even moisten your eyes a bit) and the observations he makes. It's a short book; definitely go for it.
B004XQO90E|3.0|With out giving to much away the whole film is set around the 8 minutes on a train that keeps happening over and over, I will say this and that is the audience/viewer is as much in the dark from the start of the film as Jake Gyellenhalls character is!
B005EY2XFC|5.0|I loved this movie. It still sad to think this was Brandon Lee's last movie.   I look forward to seeing this on Blu Ray.  \\"It can't rain all the time.\\"
044661758X|5.0|Harry Bosch does it again. Michael Connelly has written another wonderful Harry Bosch novel. They just keep getting better and better. Connelly is an excellent writer and his character development is terrific.    This time, there is a lot of courtroom drama, and it will keep you guessing right up to the end.     If you haven't met Harry Bosch yet, I suggest you make it a point to. I think you'll love him.
B003ZK58WM|5.0|I really enjoyed this book and can't wait for the sequel next year.  Recommend this to anyone who likes historical novels!
0446619078|5.0|Michael Connelly has outdone himself with this one. Harry Bosch has already become a personal favorite of mine and this novel has shown me a little more into the psyche of one of my very favorite detectives.    This is probably Harry's biggest challenge thus far and it was pretty difficult to lay the book down.    If you haven't met him, do it soon. Michael Connelly won't disappoint you.
B005EI86JU|5.0|You will not be disappointed with Darrell Young's thorough coverage of the Nikon D7000. Not only does he give advice based on his excellent working knowledge of the camera's features, but also he provides his recommendations about them--how HE uses each feature. As an extensive Nikon shooter with a collection of Nikon cameras and lenses to drool over, Darrell is the perfect expert to consult.   Also, the book is lengthy, and having the ebook version handy while learning the ins and outs of this new camera and/or going deeper into unexplored features is easier than carrying around the book. That said...I am still looking forward to owning the hard copy too. Ok, so I'm a fan...but with merit. I used Darrell's \\"Mastering the D90\\" until it was dog-eared (and still refer to it when using that camera body).  Whether you are an experienced or new photographer, this book is a must-have for the Nikon D7000.
0446613444|5.0|This is another terrific detective novel. It is the second Harry Bosch novel and Michael Connelly has further developed the character, making Harry even more unforgettable.    Connelly's knowledge of police work and procedures makes this all seem to real, so believable. Even if you think you aren't into detective stories, you should still give this a shot. It's bound to capture your interest from beginning to end.
B002436WFI|4.0|So I am a new Pratchett fan and not fully emersed in the world yet, but I am getting there. I have to say this movie is awesome even if you are just a fantasy geek and not a fan of the books. All the characters are spot on and the actors are great.       The only problem I had with the entire movie (and now this couold have been the TV set I was watching it on) but it seemed that Christopher Lee's voice as Death was over-reverbarated. There were a couple of moments where it was kind of hard to understand what he was saying. Everything else in the movie was wonderful, and like I said it coulde have been the set I was watching it on (as it was an older tube set and I remember watching it on a HD projector and thought it was fine on there). Anyway I am rambling.      All in all a great fantasy film and very funny. Can't wait to see them make more of his books into movies!
B003Y5H542|3.0|Rango fits into the category of movies that are kind of in between.  It wasn't horrible by any means, but at the same time, I wasn't at the edge of my seat or laughing my head off.    Rango's best feature is clearly the animation.  The detail of Rango's skin, teeth, and tounge, the shots with people in them, and the sequences with water spilling all over the places.  All of these were visually stunning.  But unfortunately, we need more than just something to look at to make a good movie.    The main focus of the movie was getting water back to this old west town.  Unfortunately, there wasn't really much tension built up to give the movie any kind of forward drive.  There are small fights mixed in between Rango and other characters, but you don't really get the sense that Rango is all that passionate about getting water.    The character of Rango himself is very likeable.  He's kind of a \\"fish out of water\\" type that's been thrown into this mess against his will.  His tiny neck and facial expressions make him rather funny looking at times, and Johnny Depp does great voice work.    While the movie wasn't all that memorable, it wasn't that bad, either.  I can't picture myself wanting to watch this repeatedly, but maybe you will.
B0058VW36U|4.0|So don&apos;t get me wrong, I love Cut the Rope. I have it on all my devices and it is a great time killer, but it is missing that X-factor. I am,  by no means, an Angry Birds lover, but the story there puts that game as a bit more addictive than this and so I wish the story to this game was that little bit more prevalent
B005BW15XS|3.0|I love Kelly Rowland and was very happy for her at the success of her single, Motivation - and even more excited for the entire CD to release as it's been in the works for probably two years and while the CD is a very good; it takes very few risks, leaving it almost boring.  There are a few upbeat tracks, but all-in-all it's typical Kelly Rowland and that's not necessarily a bad thing.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|I love this game, it is great. It is absolutely perfect. Only problem is that when playing on a tablet (Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1) there is a noticeable frame rate drop once you end a level but on a phone (Samsung Fascinate) it works perfectly and is in all its P v. Z glory
0684830485|4.0|First things first, if you want a quick thriller than this is not the book for you.  If what you want is a compelling, thought provoking, and an informative narrative of guerrila's in the Spanish civil war than this is up your alley.  Even with its slow pace and limited conflict lessons are learned in every chapter.  Everything from how to treat unreliable ally's to how to deal with love in war.  Hemmingway's writting is somewhat repetitive, but in its elegance completely bareable.  Having only read The Old Man and the Sea, I can't compare it to his other longer fiction, to me For Whom the Bell Tolls was a more rewarding read.  With a great cast of characters that constantly enrich plot, all with back stories that build character developement.  Robert Jordan the main character gives an American familiarity to the story making it even more accessible to today's readers.  Hemmingway has a way with words that puts you in the story, with Robert Jordan's up's and down's, you understand him, you want to be him.  Anyone who hasn't read Hemmingway's work but enjoys any American classics from Steinbeck to McCarthy will find this read enjoyable and rewarding.
159448385X|5.0|Khaled Husseini does it again!  Like reading the Kite Runner, I could not put A Thousand Splendid Suns down and read it strait through!  The pictures that he paints of Afghanistan gives new understanding to the turmoil this country has suffered over the years.  The reader can't help but reshape their views of this country after following the lives of two women through Afghanistan's history.
0375751513|5.0|The story of Dorian Gray is one that everyone knows, yet knowing what the premise, and most likely how the story ends doesn't detract from this amazing read.  This is a fast pased book that doesn't have a single speed bump, you are forced to create them yourself putting down the book every few chapters to marvel at EVERYTHING.  The dialog is world class, the theme's truer today than back then, the characters moving and dynamic, all tied up in as few of pages as possible.  With the exception of one chapter, you'll know it when you read it.<br /><br />The dialog, I haven't read a book that I am more impressed with.  The poet and playwrite in Wilde shows through here.  The constant gloomy witt of Lord Henry is awesome.  The dinner scenes are great, and you just want to memorize a few sayings to pull out at the next party you go to.  Things like, \\"The only way to get rid of temptation is to yeild to it.\\", or \\"I like persons better than principles, and I like persons with no principles better than anything else in the world.\\"  Now you might come off thinking this is a book for an angry teenager, but there is a lot more here than that.  If you are an angry teenager though.... read this book you will not regret it.<br /><br />This book cannot be avoided for anyone who considers themselves well read.  Also a great intoduction into the world of literature.  I recomend this book to anyone that has only read Harry Potter or Twilight, it is an extremely easy read and for its age surprisingly undated, and shows how older books are just as entertaining, yet more thought provoking, and what good writing looks like.  This is a book that should be in class rooms more often.
B003YFIUW8|4.0|Emma Donoghue really impressed me with this novel.  I chose it to read after wanting to find out what all the hype was about, because a book rarely has 'hype' unless it is worth it. This one certainly was.   I loved how she told the whole thing through the child's eyes, explaining things he had never seen or experienced before. The author was creative, unwavering in character, and just overall very skilled in writing this story.   I highly recommend it for both avid and occasional readers.
B004YXE438|5.0|So it&apos;s the same concept over and over and over, with various levels of difficulty depending on your choices. So why is it also so freaking addictive?
B004XQO90O|3.0|I thought it would be better but it wasnt that bad.  I wouldnt BUY it, but i wouldnt mind seeing it again. I think they could have made the time traveling experience MORE intriguing but the way they portrayed it, with out giving away too much, didnt really capture my interest as much as other time travel movies.
0385523904|4.0|The book offers a glimpse of the mystery that is North Korea to us. It makes one appreciate the small things in life, as one of the defector, she felt contented to see boxes of drinks with individual straws attached to the side. Another defector, realized that dogs have white rice and meat in China whereas she couldn't even find even grass to cook for her families. It makes one wonder (with rage at times) how a leader can be so cold-blooded to his nation, violating all basic human rights; beyond comprehension.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|love this game!!!  if you like puzzle games, this game is for you! starts getting complex late in the game...
B004UID2LC|2.0|This app was working fine before the update. The update broke the app and is not downloading anything anymore.  This is my favorite app, please fix it. will give 5 star after fix. HTC EVO 3D. Thank you.
0316098329|5.0|This is the best book I've read in years.  As you no doubt know from the other reviews, the intriguing premise is that our 5 year old narrator lives in the \\"room\\" with his young mother.  The small room is his entire world apart from what he sees on TV, which he's learned is not real.  \\"Ma\\" does everything she can to  protect him, to educate him, and to keep him happy with his life.  Despite the extremely unusual circumstances I found storyline believable and moving.<br /><br />  I was reluctant to pick up this book because as a father I have trouble reading or watching any stories where children are in danger.  I refuse to watch those TV movies with children who have some horrible disease.  Nevertheless, once I started this book I couldn't stop; I'm very happy I overcame my fears.<br /><br />  Emma Donoghue is a brilliant storyteller.  She creates characters that you come to care about.  None of them are perfect but that is one of the many features that makes the novel so meaningful.  Donoghue is also extremely creative and part of her gift is to put her unusual characters into ordinary situations and see what happens.  The pace of the plot is near perfect and the author has wonderful insights about human nature.<br /><br />  I give this book a rating of 10 out of 10, and this is a rare event.
B004YXE438|5.0|This app is fiendishly fun. The puzzles start out relatively easy, then move into more complicated territory. Kudos to the developers for coming up with a simple game that's both fun and challenging. Definitely worth it.
B0032UYFA6|5.0|If you're here then you already know how gripping Breaking Bad is and can be, so I won't waste my time or your time by saying things that don't need to be said. It's one of the best shows on television and just gets better and better the more it goes along. In Season 2 we saw Walter falter (did that on purpose) some in trying to maintain his sense of decency. I won't say that this sense of morality is thrown to the dogs in season 3, but it plants seeds of doubt in the viewers' minds, making them wonder just how far will he go and, more importantly, force them to as themselves how much longer will they be willing to sympathize with the chemistry teacher turned meth cook. With what many consider to be some of the most action oriented (and just plain edge-of-your seat thrilling) episodes in the series, Breaking Bad season 3 would make a fine addition to anybody's collection of dvds.
0385341679|5.0|Karen is the most gifted author out there. This final book in an amazing series had me thinking I knew how it was going to end up and then BAM! She'd twist the plot completely around! It's an amazing story from Book 1 until the end of Shadowfever. Absolutely worth reading! You'll be captivated!
B004YXE438|5.0|this app is great! I love the create your own I was able to take my Dads drawings and make them into puzzles (which amazed him too lol)
0553801473|1.0|Absolutely TERRIBLE!! We wait how many years while reading updates about your house remodel. There is no point to the story anymore. George- come on, you have great character development. You can't seem to figure out what to do when you develop them so you kill them. I mean how many chapters have you devoted to characters you have killed? Who is the protagonist now? Some kid who we just learn about in book 5? Really? We have nothing invested in him. Your writing is a mess. I can't believe I wasted twenty bucks and countless hours reading this garbage. This series is done. Don't bother reading the book. If you must wait until the excess hardcovers come to the 99 cent store. I have lost all respect for you as an author George.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|I thought that this book was great . This book has slightly different ending than your average action novel where the main character takes charge from the beginning and the rest is boring  . This book was different and I respect Suzanne Collins for it. Katniss really just acts as stubborn and uncooporative as I would have acted in her situation .
B004SDEP38|1.0|the free version lets you read files, that works just fine...i paid for the app however because I wanted to edit then... however I am unable to edit an enter excel spreadsheet due to a simple formula being in one of the columns...
B0059R5Q08|4.0|I thought both the leads were very moving in their interactions with each other.  I particularly liked Michael Fassbender as Rochester because he portrays an essential duality of his character.  He is the one in control (because he is the employer) and he plays it with a powerful personal presence while still artfully portraying helplessness in his situation and in his romance with Jane.  In my opinion, this aspect was played better than I've seen it in other versions.  The major flaw in this is the ending is not filled out enough.  The other omissions from the plot didn't bother me but had they added even 1-2 minutes to the final scene it would've been worlds better.    This is not my favorite version.  I think both Mia and Michael are too attractive for the roles, but their chemistry is amazing.  My favorite version is the 1983 version with Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton.  It's more in depth in all aspects, and the ending is played out more fully than this one, leaving the viewer more satisfied.   Zelah amazes me.  Timothy amazes me (Rochester is much more interesting than James Bond :S)    This worst version in my opinion is the 1996 version with William Hurt.  Very forgettable.   Mia and Michael's version comes in at #2.  I've never read the book, but because I've seen so many versions, maybe I liked this one better because I was able to understand the glossed over parts.
B00447L4KA|5.0|This is one of those movies I can watch any time, any day. I love love love this movie. Heath Ledger and Julia Stiles are great together. It's a great current adaptaion of The Taming of the Shrew. And it's a great picture of high school in the early 2000s. Love the mid-rif shirts.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|this app has a lot of fun puzzles and an interesting game mechanic. my only minor gripe is having to tap the background to deselect a piece before you can drag a new piece.
B004SBQAN8|5.0|obivously a pilot for a future series which could be worth watching. has the ability to expand and anything with its future, could make a very good series if they do it right
0547338023|5.0|Not all is left to our imagination, but the simplicity of the original novella is still there. It is simply a new translation and the meaning hasn't changed. Sfar's artwork illuminates the story wonderfully. One should read both versions. And the original French language version. And the Spanish version, etc. All have redeeming qualities of their own due to the nuances of each language, each interpreter. And read the biography of St Exupery by Stacy-Schiff.  There is much more to the story, graphic or not, than meets the eye.  The Little Prince is but the tip of the iceberg. Some of the reviewers are provincial in their views; I am not. This is a book worth sharing....
0553801473|5.0|The 5th book in the SoIAF is, despite much criticism on this site, excellent. Most lower ratings seem to indicate that the problem is the lack of forward progress in the story, but these reviewers seem to forget the \\"author's notes\\" in books 4 and 5 which indicate that most of the 5th book occurs concurrently with book 4; that is, it is the same time period told from different perspectives. How could any heretofore unknown, ground-breaking events have happened without the knowledge of any of the point-of-view characters from book 4? Rather, this book takes a much closer look at events in the East (Free Cities, etc), and once the timelines converge in the latter part of the book, takes the story momentum leaps and bounds ahead in what fate awaits The Seven Kingdoms (for the sake of sparing anyone spoilers, threats to the realm's security abound on several fronts). I just don't see how people can complain of characters altering plans, changing direction, etc. If anything, GRRM's books are based on realism and real-world historical events, and in our history changed directions, broken alliances, and altered plans happened pretty frequently.<br /><br />I like what he did here; finished the story of book 4 from the other perspectives not included in that book. As the range of characters expands, so must the story, right? To me, it just means we get to enjoy the story longer.
B004LWZW4M|4.0|This is a terrific origin movie that should replace the original Escape From the Planet of the Apes as the de facto origin.  There is terrific plotting and action, and the lone problem of James Franco looking like he's the same age at the start of the movie as he does at the end ( a span of 10-plus years) can be easily overlooked.<br /><br />There are numerous tributes to the original series embedded in this movie:<br />1) \\"Take your hands off me you filthy ape!\\"<br />2) Astronauts going off to Mars...<br />3) The carnival in the distance<br />4) The names of the apes<br /><br />This is a very entertaining movie, and well worth the time of anyone that's enjoyed any movie in the series.
B003Y5H574|5.0|A lot of laughs, shenanigans, and some actual drama.     I was fortunate enough to see this last year during a special screening of the movie. A simple romantic comedy with some drama adding to make it real.    Steve plays a guy whose wife Emily is having an affair. Steve has lost confidence in himself as the marriage is crumbling.    Enter Jacob (Ryan Gosling) who is gonna help Cal get his mojo back and his wife.    Steve Carell plays Cal as good as you'd expect. With Carell's comedy background, he makes the role very lovable and entertaining. Julianne Moore is a good actress, so she's able to portray the guilty wife pretty well.    Gosling has already played bad boys pretty well, so this role is not a stretch for him. Nevertheless, he and Carell have great chemistry on screen.    There's also a side story with Cal's kid in love with the teenage babysitter who has a very adult crush on Cal.    Emma Stone also does good as Hannah, the girl about to be married to a guy who may or may be the one for her.    All in all it's a nice little comedy. You come away pretty satisfied, and movie does give you a lasting impression.
B004YXE438|5.0|Have always been looking for a great puzzle app. very challenging for adults or simple for children..  only app i have ever reviewed.
0385341679|5.0|I started reading fantasy books with supernatural creatures in them when that one series that is very popular among teens and moms alike came out a couple of years ago. I have read the Fever Series along with many others series and this one is my favorite! Shadowfever (and all the Fever books) were very hard to put down. My housework got neglected, and my children weren't too happy Mommy's attention wasn't on them. It's an addicting escape into the world of Mac and Barrons. I'm sad it's over, but I know they'll always be there for me to revisit if I choose to :)
0345529057|1.0|[[ASIN:B004JN1D2I George R. R. Martin's A Game of Thrones 4-Book Bundle: A Song of Ice and Fire Series: A Game of Thrones, A Clash of Kings, A Storm of Swords, and A Feast for Crows]]<br /><br />While the author is very descriptive and entertaining, I feel as though I am on a flight with a senile pilot that doesn't know how to land the plane and randomly tosses out passengers (characters) that I have become fond of reading about in the story.<br /><br />I feel Book 5 may insult some readers by retelling a lot of Book 4's details that really don't need to be repeated. Book 4 answers zero questions left from book 3 for the \\"main\\" characters. Book one and two didn't offer enough closure for me to suggest anyone start this series.<br /><br />The author seemed to have an entertaining story to tell and is gifted with descriptive word choices. It has derailed so many times that I am no longer interested in what happens to the remaining characters.<br /><br />I suggest waiting for HBO to fix the storyline that drifts into oblivion for a very long time and just watch the series \\"A Game of Thrones\\" for more focus and continuity. HBO has their work cut out for them to make this really successful beyone the 3rd season!
B004IH0TS4|5.0|my son had a homework to do during summer time with this book. he enjoy reading this book. it is a great story.
0307454541|4.0|[[ASIN:B0015DROBO The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo]]<br />A little slow to get into but an enjoyable read throughout the series! The author offers some unique and unexpected turn of events. The graphic darkness actually has purpose for the storyline and is not just gratuitous. The factoids throughout the series regarding crimes against women to the women in history that were warriors were both interesting and followed the character progression. I have purchased this series for others to read and highly recommend the triology.
1439181780|5.0|I like The Secret and I like this book as well. I ordered it at the same time as Live Like A Fruit Fly and that blew me away.
159514188X|1.0|I'm sorry but I just got upset at the whole idea of her sending people the reason why she died- blaming it on them. I guess it's because I'm a stronger person but I just felt like her hatred was un-directed and it's crazy to ask others to give you attention like know if your going to kill yourself- everyone has their own problems and this book completely disregarded it. I completely hated it and the main character's feelings towards Hannah was unrealistic. I was completely disappointed and the character development also lacked it was sort of one-sided only making Hannah and everyone else the enemy.
1577314808|5.0|I finally read this book. It's a total game changer. For more of a kick in the butt though, check out Live Like A Fruit Fly.
B004YEJGEO|4.0|I would have given it 5 stars if it had awesome music, but nonetheless its a great puzzle game! Please put music in near future updates!!!
1935670913|5.0|I have followed John Locke on twitter for a couple of years and it was really interesting to see how found the right formula for making it as a self published author. It is pretty liberating to see after going through all the agent and publisher merry go rounds. I bought this book and read it straight through. He follows his own advice about cultivating readers and he is very supportive of writers. I have read a number of books about promotion and marketing of books and this is the best one. Recommend.<br />@dougbremner Doug Bremner, author of [[ASIN:B0057ZF1MK The Goose That Laid The Golden Egg]]
B004UID2LC|1.0|no longer works. no longer can you download the audio of any youtube video. was a decent application for a while but broken now. uninstalled!
B004YEJGEO|5.0|This app has a simple concept. Yet its simplicity is deceptive. This is a great brain teaser. It gets progressively challenging. Love it.
0765324849|5.0|*SPOILER ALERT!* I feel that by reading this novel without playing the two Bioshock games will spoil certain experiences in the games. Therefore I would advise one to play the original games.     Whether a person who hasn't played any of the original games will like this novel is unknown to me because i have throughly played each game multiple times. Therefore I can whole heartedly say is that if you enjoyed the Bioshock series you will most likely enjoy this novel.    There are 3 things that stand out in my mind why i really enjoyed Shirley's telling of early rapture all the way to its demise:  1. Having played the games and traversing to various levels within rapture from Medical Pavillion to my most favorites but most dreaded Fort Frolic, Shirley is able to breathe life into them allowing me to picture in my mind the characters as they moved about the undersea city. That i really enjoyed.  2. The call of duty style narrative (Call of Duty may not have originated this style of narrative but its the only example i have) where Shirley jumps from character to character of the would be denizens of Rapture. This allows to capture the whole mood of emotions of the character from Hope of a new life and opportunity in Rapture to misery and dread as the underwater city begins to leak so to speak.   3. Shirley has really done his hw by being able to sue audio dairies and future events in the two bioshock games allowing this book to truly be a prequel to this fantastic games however. . .    My only con is the ending. By no means am I saying the ending is bad. It was very good and tragic however it was missing something and in other not complete. Without spoiling anything the ending wraps up only Bill McDonagh and his family's plot line but there are numerous other characters that we don't know what happened to them. Perhaps because Rapture is in a state of decline rather not fully declined we can't get a wrap up with some of the characters especially Andrew Ryan; what happens to him you learn by playing Bioshock (and that one scene alone makes the whole game for me). If anything the ending i would have like to have seen is a narration of the first scene in bioshock on the plane. I will say nothing more but i feel if John Shirley had added that little scene it could truly make this novel a true prequel.
B0050AV5MW|2.0|I got the kindle version of the first 4 books of a Song of Ice & Fire. It's fine except for the fact it's riddled with spelling mistakes and typos - which I guess makes it anything but fine.    I read the first book as a paperback and there were perhaps a couple of typos for the entire book. However, there's a lot more in the kindle edition. There's probably a typo every dozen or so pages - you can still follow the story but it's enough to be annoying.     From the pattern of the mistakes it's because they've scanned a printed manuscript using OCR (for example \\"stories\\" instead becomes \\"stones\\" and so on) rather than converting an electronic copy to kindle format.    I'm less than impressed and I certainly hope that's not standard practice for kindle ebooks.     I paid good money for these books and they are a great read. Amazon, if you are just going to scan books and hope that OCR software is 100% accurate please have someone proofread it thoroughly. That or sell them at a considerable discount as \\"damaged goods.\\"
0316066524|4.0|Infinite Jest is unlike any other work of fiction I've read.  Utterly fascinating, almost in spite of itself.  It doesn't conform to many notions of a \\"successful novel\\"--the ending, for example, resolves nothing, which might disappoint some readers after 1,000 pages (although by the time you get there, you may not be surprised at the lack of conventional ending).  And let's be real: this is a long book, and it could have had nearly the same effect if it were half as long; although I was never tempted to abandon it, it was certainly a slog at times.  Although it may seem petty, the typeface is small, and feels small; it might be more petty if this were a 300-page book.  (This was the first, and maybe last, time I could imagine preferring to read a book on an ereader, for the adjustable font size and easy access to the 100 pages of even smaller-fonted end notes.) But on the other hand, it's not a particularly difficult read.  Sure, you have to pay attention, and there are a lot of characters and several interwoven plots, and some unusual vocabulary, but the syntax is generally very accessible.  This isn't Finnegan's Wake.    But make no mistake, Wallace was brilliant, and Infinite Jest is a rewarding window into his mind as much as a novel.  This might seem unappealingly self-indulgent if his mind weren't so interesting, but I felt privileged, particularly considering that we won't be hearing more from him. One reviewer said he would drive grammatical readers crazy, but Wallace knew exactly what he was doing with words, and I'm not referring merely to his use of many words with which the reader will not be familiar (I guarantee it).  Indeed, his unique mastery of the way we actually use language and the way our thinking actually operates, as well as the way writers typically write, is a good part of the fun. That, combined with his perspective on life, had me feeling as though I'd found a kindred soul, someone who saw things more as I do than almost anyone else--andthat's quite a statement about a novel. I found myself wanting to quote many passages to my closest friends, but you really have to read it to get the context. And what is that perspective? Hard to articulate, but a combination of irony, an appreciation for the absurd, and compassion, depression, and anger at what we have made of our lives and world, particularly through the corporations and the forms of entertainment we've created.  (The reader may find himself doing a little research on postmodernism.)    There are parts of Infinite Jest that are seriously depressing; it comes as no surprise at all that the author took his own life, and he's effective enough that the reader may find himself wondering whether that might not be such a bad idea. There's also some graphic violence, although not a lot considering the length of the book. It's also one of the most laugh-out-loud funny books I've ever read.  Wallace was extraordinarily perceptive, and his finely drawn characters, cartoonish though they are, are more like the deeply flawed personalities we actually are than most of the characters that populate novels, which seem superficial by comparison; the reader feels as though he's met these people, and will come to care about them.      This is engrossing and disturbingly insightful stuff.  It's an investment of time and emotion, and stretches one's mind.  I'm very glad I made that investment; it's one of the most powerful novels I've ever read.
B000J5XS3C|5.0|An amazing mixer for the price. 8 inputs is a little misleading. Rule of thumb is to buy double what you need for channels (also when buying a surveillance DVR). The ONLY complaint I could think of is the lack of a power switch.
B0053Q9DHW|2.0|Unfortunately this version of one of my favorite tales, Jane Eyre, falls way short. It feels forced, the acting rather bland and wooden. I love Fassbender, but I just feel like he was trying rather badly to copy previous 'Rochester' performances and failing instead of owning him. Jane was mopey, none of her cleverness really showcased, and the emotional moments felt highly ingenuine. An example would be the bed-on-fire scene. Dreadful. In essence, a dvd to be passed over if you're looking to own a great Jane Eyre. Try the Toby Stephens/Ruth Wilson undertaking instead.
1401322336|5.0|I'm fairly new to the Jamie Oliver phenomenon. I became acquainted with his cookbooks while living here in the Middle East in Dubai. I hadn't brought over my cookbooks from the states and after asking my British friends for some recommendations I ended up buying \\"Cook with Jamie\\". I have to say that I think he's brilliant. Not only in his fresh approach to writing a cookbook, and his food styling, but also in his attitude to cooking. I was always intimidated by the Julia Child genre of cookbooks; they have beautiful photos but the recipes are very complicated for the average cook and the ingredients are sometimes hard to find, although I admired her very much as a person and a chef, she was just too advanced a cook for my own personal everyday use. That doesn't mean to say the Jamie doesn't know what he is talking about as far as food is concerned because he does. It's just that his \\"mission\\" is different. He really wants everyone to be able to experience the joy of making fresh, healthy meals at home, and he also wants to instill this love of cooking and eating fresh uncomplicated meals with our children, family and friends. He's a man with a mission.....and who doesn't love that!    Since my first purchase of \\"Cook with Jamie\\" I bought most of his other cookbooks. They address different kinds of food genres like seafood, pasta, or salads, but every book has some kind of instructional aspect to it that everyone can master at home, whether it's chopping an onion or grilling a fish or making fresh tortellini. I've learned a lot from Jamie and I've become a much more confident cook in the process. I'm not afraid to try new dishes or ingredients. Jamie encourages the adventurous chef that resides in each of us!     For the American audience do remember that Mr. Jamie is British and as often happens with the English language misunderstandings do occur, but don't let that stop you, that's what the internet is for......if you don't know what a mangetout,(snow pea), marrow, (courgette), or ground nut oil, (peanut oil), is, just look it up!    Happy Cooking!!
B004LWZW24|1.0|You will jump a couple of times. The ideas introduced in the movie are great.<br />The acting is a little strange and it seems like the writing staff was fired in the middle of writing this movie.<br />This movie is a mixture of The Cell, Paranormal Activity and a bad homemade Halloween movie.
B004EPYZU8|1.0|What a stinker - no plot, way too distracting with all the special effects hurtling past your eyes, and bad acting.  It's the trifecta of awfulness!!
B001CTDH76|5.0|Unlike Teresa Gisbon who prefers a very methodical approach to solving cases, Patrick Jane takes a different tack.  He looks for the motive behind the murders with his finely-honed cold reading skills. As we are introduced to him, Jane solves a case in under five minutes. He is placed on suspension as the culprit is fatally shot, but we soon see that he was quickly vindicated once the evidence was collected.    Red John features prominently in three episodes, and there is strong chemistry between Wayne Rigsby and Grace van Pelt (not to mention a traumatic experience between Jane and Gisbon during the season's climactic episode).    Outside these episodes, there are themes of revenge, murder, obstruction of justice, child abuse, and aggressive paternalism. They are all worth watching, and it is always fun to try to solve the mystery before Jane does. It's not always easy (indeed, it's often excruciatingly difficult) to catch all the clues before the killer is revealed.    I have not watched the extra features at this time, having been too absorbed in the storylines (overarching and episodic), but this set would be worth purchasing in any case. Highly recommended.
B005D9MUWY|5.0|After two weeks this App has really learned my most frequently used words in text and emails. Annecdotally I say it shortens my input time by half.  Not to mention the opportunity to select from options when using voice input.
B0055SWM08|5.0|I absolutely enjoy playing this simple and enthralling game. I love the theme, and music, and calming raindrops. This game is well worth the money!
B004Q7DQLS|5.0|This book had the perfect combination of all ingredients necessary to create an enjoyable reading experience. I haven't been this impressed since reading my very favorite series Vampires in America by D.B Reynolds.<br /><br />The characters were very likable. I don't know but I really like when the male lead character is overbearing, possessive, protective, domineering, and POWERFUL. If the main male character is not powerful, what's the point. The name alone speaks volumes - Dragos - is a dragon. He's a very intelligent dragon who is a multimillionaire, who is captain of the industry, who is intelligent beyond words, who has lived since the beginning of time; before that even. Oh and it didn't escape me that he's awfully handsome in human form with his fitted Ts, jeans and boots or armani shirts, slacks and loafers. Ahh.<br /><br />Pia Giovanni is this precious lil thing who's half human/half something else. Her mother protects her from the something else side and weaves protective spells in her mind to keep her from shifting because whatever she is, is a hot commodity so she will forever be on the run for her life. All of Pia's life, her mother beat into her head that she should never tell who she really is, protect her \\"true\\" name, always be ready to run, never get close to anyone, and never let her guard down. Well after she stole from Dragos, and he tracked her to the Elven territory, all bets were off. it's such a lovely romantic story of two beings learning to trust and love.<br /><br />The secondary characters added a lot to the book as well. They were loyal and supportive and isn't that what a powerful being need in his immortal life. The dialogue was so funny, the lovin' was erotic, the world building and explanantion of how it all began was really actually believable! The bad guys were so - so. They could've been badder. We really didn't hear from the villian until near the end of the book. there's a good amount mystery. Just very well written and highly entertaining.<br /><br />I very much recommend this book. I read it in a day. It keeps you looking forward to the next word.much recommend this book. I read it in a day. It keeps you looking forward to the next word.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|Got it for free here, I have played the free version on the other market and was already considering purchasing. Try that first if you haven&apos;t. I enjoy quick little puzzles like this, nice short time waster\/break from whatever. Gradually gets more complex, though some later levels can be frustrating because of prisms combining in the wrong way, so you have to backtrack and be more careful. Quite fun overall, props to the devs
1584233494|5.0|This is a great, comprehensive look at the work of Shepard Fairey. More in-depth than E. Pluribus Venom, and includes interesting write-ups to accompany the exhaustive photos of OBEY and many other works spanning his career.
B004VMVTNU|5.0|Picked this up as the free app, set it up, forgot I had it. This morning I wake up drowsily to a quiet beeping, slowly getting louder. Grab my phone to make it stop, but lo and behold, I have to solve 3 math problems to do so. Awake enough by the time I solve them that I hope out of bed and go about my business. Genius, would totally pay money for this. Way better than my much more expensive alarm clock! Thank you devs, you rock, keep up the good work :)
B0058VW36U|5.0|Great game, as addicting as angry birds.Well worth the money, wish their were more games of this calibre, awesome concept!
0756913675|5.0|Nicholas Sparks really shows his sensitive side in his books and A Walk To Remember deserves five stars.  The story line progresses along nicely and keeps your attention from the first page to the last; a glass of wine and Kleenex are optional.  This story shows how two teenagers find love, find moral values in life and face death in a short period of time.  I can't wait for Mr. Sparks' most recent book coming in October.
0385341679|5.0|I agree, this book was very hard to review without spoiling anything. As with all of Ms Monings books, I loved it and couldnt put it down from first to last page! Ive never felt emotional reading a book, but this one did it! The mystery in this series, the cliff hangers are normally horrible to endure for me, but Ive learned that if Ms Moning leaves you with a cliff hanger... then you suck it up because it will be worth every agonizing second when the next one comes out!<br />As far as characters, Mac is a southern girl saving the world, and you couldnt ask for a more able person to do so. And, after all if she gets Barrons in the end? well then isnt he worth saving the world for? There are moments in this book that leave you on the edge of your seat as you read the page, others leave you with tears in your eyes and many moments where you may find yourself holding your breath in anticipation. Its an amazing book and outstanding series... from a 5 star author! And, its an added bonus that characters from her Highlander series appear in this final book. If you havent read the Highlander series... buy them all at once, plan for a week of seclusion and be prepared for the ride (read lol) of your life!my personal favorite is The Dark Highlander:<br /> [...]<br />I would highly suggest not reading this book if you haven't read the first four.  You will be lost if you havent, there are many details that you will need to know before sitting down with this final book, and it will be much more meaningful if you do so. If I could rate this higher than a \\"five,\\" trust me, I most certainly would! I hope everyone enjoys this story as much as I did, and still do. It appears from the majority of reviews that were all on the 'same bloody page' and 'same bloody line' with how we feel about The Fever series. Its one of the few series I reread in between others. Ms Moning, you are truly amazing, how do I put into one word just how amazing she is? *Dageus* read his book and youre hooked ;)... keep up the good work friend!up the good work friend!
B00275EHJG|5.0|This movie was great. When I got it for Christmas of 2010. I was so happy. The movie didn't make me cry or my mom, but both my dad and my 16 going on 17 year old sister cried towards the end. I didn't cry because I don't cry in movies. My favorite scene was when Buzz got switched and started speaking in Espanol. This is a must have.
1575666286|5.0|I FOUND THIS BOOK TO BE A PAGE TURNER.  I CANNOT BELIEVE HOW GULLIBLE I HAVE BEEN REGARDING MY VIEWS ON CANCER THERAPY IN THIS COUNTRY.  THE THERAPY THAT HAS BEEN PROVEN TO WORK FOR OVER 70 YRS HAS BEEN MADE ILLEGAL IN THIS COUNTRY.  HMMMMM!  COULD THAT POSSIBLY HAVE SOMETHING TO DO WITH THE CASH FLOW TO A CERTAIN CANCER SOCIETY?  MAKES ME WANT TO THROW UP EVERY TIME I THINK ABOUT IT.  IT'S ALL ABOUT THE DOLLAR!  THIS BOOK HAS BEEN LIFE CHANGING FOR MY ENTIRE FAMILY.  THANK YOU DR. MAX GERSON AND HIS DAUGHTER, CHARLOTTE WHO HAS CARRIED ON HIS WORK.
1878424505|1.0|The Four Agreements:    1. If you have nothing nice to say, say nothing.  2. The world does not revolve around you.  3. When you assume you make an \\"ass\\" out of \\"u\\" and \\"me\\".  4. If it's worth doing, it's worth doing well.    There. I've just saved you eleven bucks and 4 hours of your life.     I didn't need to study ancient Toltec wisdom to come up with the Four Agreements - my mother taught them to me as a child - and she was Scottish!
0553801473|1.0|I could not put down the first four novels and for that, I thank you. However, I can barely make myself finish this mind-numbing filler. It gives us mundane glimpses into what is happening with the characters we have grown to care about, but doesn't move the story or add to the development of said characters.<br />Hopefully, your final two novels will bring back the creative magic you struck in the majority of the first books; so far it is feeling as though you should have wrapped up the story in 5 ....
B005EI86JU|5.0|\\"Digital Darrell\\" Young has done it again.  This author excels at taking complex subjects, and explaining them in a manner that makes them very easy to understand.  In explaining the countless and complex features of this camera, I find the information to be short, sweet, and to the point.  I have been using my D7000 for 8 months preceeding the publication of this book, yet on every page I am finding important facts that I was not at all aware of prior to reading this book.  The insight of the day so far? -- The minimum ISO setting on a Nikon D7000.  Sure, Auto ISO lets you set a max ISO, but it wasn't until reading this book that I was aware of a minimum ISO as well!  Brilliant material in this book for sure.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|This game is a lot of fun and is a new concept for me.  There are lots of levels to play.
B000Q66JXA|5.0|I saw Excalibur when it was first released in theaters at the age of 11 or 12.  Snuck in with a friend and we were both blown away.  The graphic images have stayed with me since then.  This Blu-Ray release gets it right and blows the terrible DVD version out of the water.  The green reflections look like they should and the details of costumes and sets are marvelous.  Yes, the framing isn't perfect and the tops of heads get cut off in a few scenes, but it didn't bother me that much. Very satisfied with it overall.  Now, the case is a different matter.  What's up with the god-awful Disney castle?
B003Y5H542|4.0|Great visuals/CGI for those looking to push their HD TV's to the limit! Subject matter may NOT be for the younger audiences, probably for the preteens and up. Great \\"cartoon\\" for adults still young at heart...
0385341679|5.0|Well Karen has done it again.  I absotively positutely loved this book...It was fabtabulously fabtastic...and it was good toooooo...lol...  Karen is an amazing author ...If you haven't read her work you should, it will keep you mesmerized and on the edge of your seat till the last word...
0062060554|3.0|I don't remember this book.  I think I ordered over a couple years ago, so I don't know how to rate it.
0553582038|2.0|When Game of Thrones came on television, it instantly sucked me into this series. The characters were amazing, the descriptions perfect and eye catching, the story sucked me in, A Clash of the Kings is by far my favorite with the way everything fell in place and everything happened for a reason. And then I read the third book, and thought his unpredictability was becoming too expected. I began to expect things out of the ordinary to happen because he did it all to often. The way certain characters that I grew to really enjoy reading about would die off without even so much as a notice.   And the A Feast for Crows comes along and goes of on a story all its own. The way he has written as driven me to hate cerseis and yet the whole entire book revolves around her. And my all time favorite three characters, Jon Snow, Danerarys, and Tyrion, vanish from the books story line!  Instead I have to read chapters about characters from areas we've never even visited. And I loved the way all the chapters were specifically named for character, now in the book you get chapters like \\"The Princess in the Tower\\" or \\"Cat of the Canals\\". It really pulls you away from enjoying these characters and I truly hope the next book is at least half as good as the first three. If I never read this book I doubt I would even get lost in the next one.
B004LWZW4W|5.0|For the New Film if we can give it 10 stars or more  I'd give it more then 10!            The Original Film 'Planet of the Apes' had a lot to say, it helped me shape my conscience as a kid growing up. I had all the comic books, toys etc..... I just watched the 1st Original Ape Film 1968 (Charles Heston) the other night on Netflix & it still stand up to its Brilliance but kind of Campy, a Cult Classic afterall.    Now, after watching the New 'Rise of the Planet of The Apes', All I say is 'HOLY WOW!!!!'  I can actually see the Orignal being remade Fantabulously!!!  Chill & enjoy this New Film...  It's Uber Brilliant!   Not for Cynics ...
B0053Q9DHW|2.0|I wanted to like this, but it just wasn't any good for me (the great 2006 version of Janey Eyre puts this movie to shame). I was so bored watching this movie, it was rushed and not engaging at all.<br /><br />There is very little to no chemistry between the actors who play the leads; Their lines are delivered in a very stilted manner, it's like they're reading the words and reciting them without any emotion (the viewer doesn't see or feel any romance in this version).  The ending is also very weak. They don't even show the fire in Thornfeild, but rather Mrs. Fairfax (who is the only well cast character in this movie) is the one who tells the story to Jane, and that's it (talk about a weak and anti-climatic ending).<br /><br />In the end, this was just a boring, weak and stilted movie... disappointing.
1451629184|5.0|you cannot help but admire this women for her courage.  Best of everything for the rest of your life Jaycee is my wish for you and your girls.
B000001FY9|5.0|Without question, this is an excellent collection of BMW music !    But, as many others have stated, it is a polished and somewhat cleaned up collection and some of BMW's edgier side has been edited out, so to speak.    Listen to African Herbsman, Fussin' and a Fightin', Sun is Shining and other older stuff and you will gain a deeper undestanding of where Bob came from and what he stood for.    All in all, great music by some very gifted artists !
B004LWZW4M|4.0|A research scientist is trying to develop a cure for Alzheimer's, as his father suffers from the disease. The private facility is using chimpanzees to test the drug and something goes awry. This prequel to the Planet of the Apes films is engrossing, exciting, and will keep you on the edge of your seat. The visuals of the apes are terrific, and the storyline is believable in the context presented. The film is not overly violent, as the apes do not produce a high human body count, and there is not a sequence of bloody violence. Stick around for the end credits, or you'll miss something. This is more summer fun, and you don't want to miss it.
B004YXE438|2.0|This game is kinda fun at first, but quickly becomes boring.It would make sense that this game would be regularly free, but having to pay for it just makes no sense. Uninstalled.
B004YXE438|5.0|This game is simple and fun. Controls are easy for anyone to do and you can add your own pictures as well
B0051T47NQ|3.0|&lt;strong>Trolljegeren&lt;/strong> (Andr&eacute; vredal, 2010)<br /><br />You would think that the handheld-mockumentary subgenre of horror films had pretty much worn out its welcome. And you'd probably be right. (No consolation to those currently filming &lt;em>Cloverfield 2&lt;/em>, slated for a 2014 release.) But there's still some fun to be had with variations on the theme, and &lt;em>Trolljegeren&lt;/em>, a kind of cross between &lt;em>The Blair Witch Project&lt;/em> and &lt;em>Where the Wild Things Are&lt;/em>, exploits that fun to its fullest extent. (Which is to say, you can stop making handheld horror flicks now, guys.)<br /><br />Plot: three students from a Norwegian university--Thomas (&lt;em>Orange Girl&lt;/em>'s Glenn Erland Tosterud), the presenter; Johanna (&lt;em>Cold Prey II&lt;/em>'s Johanna Mrck), the sound girl; and the cameraman, Kalle (Tomas Alf Larsen, who popped up in both Cold Prey flicks)--head out to the country to do what they think is a project about bear attacks. As they interview the local bear hunters, they're pointed to a solitary guy in a Land Rover who the bear hunters (all bear hunters, it seems are licensed in Norway, and they all know one another) think is a poacher. Sensing a much bigger story, they start following the poacher, who tuns out to be named Hans (&lt;em>Odd Little Man&lt;/em>'s Otto Jespersen, probably best known in his own country for taking Ray Romano's place in the Norwegian-dubbed version of &lt;em>Ice Age&lt;/em>). Hans wants nothing to do with the crew, but they follow him until they end up getting themselves into a pickle. I don't think it's much of a spoiler, given the movie's title, to tell you that they find out Hans is a troll hunter. He's like the bear hunters, in that the government utilizes him to go into areas where trolls are wreaking havoc and dispose of them, except that no one believes trolls exist, save Hans, the shadowy government figures who control him, and a kindly veterinarian who's also in on the conspiracy (&lt;em>5 Lies&lt;/em>' Torunn Stokkeland). Hans promises the film crew he'll let them film his revenge on the creature that killed Thomas' car, as long as they promise to do everything he says, and as long as none of them is a Christian. (If you're not up on your Norse folklore, trolls can smell Christian blood, and will actively hunt Christians.) Sensing their big break, they agree. And that's when things start getting &lt;em>really&lt;/em> interesting...<br /><br />My favorite scene in the movie is also my daughter's least favorite, which depresses me. It's the first sighting of a troll, and it's painfully obvious that  vredal saw (and was probably as disillusioned by as I was) Spike Jonze's &lt;em>Where the Wild Things Are&lt;/em>, and wanted to riff on it. This is great stuff--it's harkening back to the days when movie monsters were people in rubber monster suits, except the trolls here look a whole lot like plushies, and if you've seen Jonze's movie, you'll instantly recognize the look and feel. vredal takes some jabs at Norse troll folklore (there's one particular scene that's a riff on \\"The Three Billy Goats Gruff\\" I thought was absolutely hysterical), constructs himself an interesting story, and throws in a twist here and there, thought you'll see most of them coming.<br /><br />Unfortunately, the film does have its problems. Most notably is the pace. This is often a problem with handheld-mockumentary movies, as the guys who supposedly stumble upon the footage and edit it are invariably crap at doing so, or so the filmmakers want us to believe; that's been true ever since &lt;em>The Last Broadcast&lt;/em> (which was the first of them, right?). I will give &lt;em>Trolljegeren&lt;/em> that the subject matter here is a little more interesting than usual, but still, we spend a lot of time talking and not enough time troll-chasing, and perhaps when I was talking about the mash-up back at the beginning I should have thrown in a dash of&lt;em>Twister&lt;/em>.<br /><br />Still, if you're looking for a big, stupid, fun monster movie, there hasn't been much in the recent past that does that combination better than &lt;em>Trolljegeren&lt;/em>. Don't go in expecting greatness and you should enjoy it well enough. ***ast that does that combination better than <em>Trolljegeren</em>. Don't go in expecting greatness and you should enjoy it well enough. ***
0307346617|5.0|What an amazing book! Fast paced and intriguing. Yes, this is really only a collection of short stories or vignettes.  Yes, you never really get in-depth background on the characters.  Yes, there are plenty of footnotes.  With all of that, what you get is a novel that reads like the best non-fiction.  There were times that I forgot, just for a moment, that I wasn't reading about something that actually happened in our past.  The short footnotes just added to the illusion.  Because you don't get in-depth characterization, a person is instead able to grasp the monumental task the human race faces; and each character could be you, or your husband, or your neighbor.  That being said, every story was told in a different voice, and when characters were revisited I had no problem connecting their update with the first time they appeared.  Of course, I read this in little over a day, so that may have helped.  Just to be clear, I did not read it that quickly because it was a light read, but because I had to know what happened.  Thank you, Mr. Brooks, for an entertaining and completely different book!
0812567110|4.0|Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray (Tor, 1891)<br /><br />I cannot comment on the scariness of &lt;em>The Picture of Dorian Gray&lt;/em>, the only novel ever written by Oscar Wilde. Why? Because, despite the reams of column inches I've read over the years on how scary the blessed thing is, I couldn't find myself even turning a hair. Simply put, Wilde was a comedian, albeit a bitter, misanthropic comedian. The man didn't have it in him to write horror the way the Jameses (M. R. or Henry, take your pick) or Poe did. (Though one should note that none of those three acknowledged masters of nineteenth-century horror ever produced what we would consider, today, a novel-length work of horror, whereas Wilde did; Poe's only novel was a fantasy, while the longest works of James one and James two are both novelettes.) So if you go into it expecting a horror novel, you may well find yourself disappointed. If you look at it, however, as yet another exposition of the incredible strengths of Oscar Wilde's creativity--the biting satire, the homosexuality so repressed it's half-erotic when someone stands up from a table, the rampant quotability--then like everything else the man ever wrote, &lt;em>The Picture of Dorian Gray&lt;/em> will be right up your alley. It contains some of Wilde's most-recognized one-liners (\\"The only way to get rid of temptation is to yield to it.\\", \\"If the cave-man had known how to laugh, history would have been different\\", \\"It is not good for one's morals to see bad acting.\\", and dozens of others), some thoroughly entertaining characters, a plot as old as time itself bent to Wilde's indomitable will, and any number of good, solid laugh-out-loud moments. It also, of course, comes with an excellent backstory that inspired Wilde's most important one-liner of all: \\"There is no such thing as a moral or an immoral book. Books are well written, or badly written.\\" Needless to say, were this not the former, there wouldn't have been such an uproar over it, would there? *** 
159420229X|5.0|I read an article in the USA Today news paper and thought I would be interesting . It was way beyond that. The story and images it conjures are amazing.  4 out of 4 stars.
B004G600A4|4.0|&lt;strong>Tangled&lt;/strong> (Nathan Greno and Byron Howard, 2010)<br /><br />I am a believer, and a firm one, in the caveat that \\"Disney corrupts, absolute Disney corrupts absolutely.\\" And yet I have to give them credit where credit is due. Disney pretty much holds a lock on naked emotional manipulation through cute anthropomorphic animals (in this case, a chameleon and a horse, who play straight men to the female and male, respectively, romantic leads) and songs that sound like they were written after the consultation of what's-hip trend reports, rather than being from the heart. All of which is a long way of saying that I really liked &lt;em>Tangled&lt;/em>, though I hate myself for really liking it, and I understand all the reasons why I shouldn't like it. But there it is.<br /><br />Plot: loosely based on the Rapunzel fairy tale, so the main character's name, Rapunzel (teen singing sensation Mandy Moore), make perfect sense. As we open, Rapunzel is stolen from the royal crib by an evil old witch, Gothel (&lt;em>Spider-Man 2&lt;/em>'s Donna Murphy), because the royal guard harvested the flower Gothel uses to keep herself young to try and save the queen's baby in the womb. Which worked, obviously, but now the magic of the flower can only be found in Rapunzel's hair... as long as it's not cut. Fast-forward umpteen years, as we're never quite sure how old Rapunzel is in the bulk of the film, and Rapunzel, who has never left Gothel's hidden tower, is bored, restless, wants to see the world, and has seventy-foot-long hair that provides the only entrance to Gothel's tower. Not that anyone but Gothel needs it, and she only goes out for monthly trips to the market. Enter Flynn Rider (&lt;em>Chuck&lt;/em>'s Zachary Levi), a small-time crook on the run both from the law--in the persona of Maximus, a horse of the royal guard who kept up the hunt when the humans abandoned it--and his former associates, whom Rider left to be captured, getting away with their latest acquisition--the royal tiara. While hiding, Rider stumbles into the hidden valley where Gothel's tower is located while she's off to market, touching off a long string of events that lead to, well, all the stuff you expect from a Disney princess film.<br /><br />It's all phenomenally cute, and you can't help but admire the animation, which co-director Byron Howard envisioned as a blend of traditional Disney animation and CGI (and how they pulled it off I'm not sure I will ever know). And yet there's always a voice in the back of my head telling me exactly how much I'm being manipulated by every last aspect of this film. To its credit, &lt;em>Tangled&lt;/em>, like most Disney films, is absolutely transparent about this, and so I guess I should give it points for honesty. I definitely give it points for the fact that I just don't care as much as I should about how certain minor characters are there just to advance the plot, and that whole \\"the songs sound like they were written by committee\\" thing; if you're going to hire a major recording star, why not let her write her own stuff? (And the switch some years ago from hiring straight voice actors to hiring major stars is a whole other rant in itself, and it's infuriating, and I'll stop now or we'll be here all day on that subject.)<br /><br />And yet despite all that I'm attacking all the things about the movie that SHOULD be attacked is how much I enjoyed the silly thing. Yes, it's predictable, as predictable as any Disney princess movie, and yes, you will know from the outset this film is manipulating you (the first line of spoken dialogue, from Flynn Rider's voiceover: \\"this is the story of how I died.\\"), and it doesn't matter one bit. No matter how hard you resist, you will be assimilated, at least for the hour and a half it takes to watch this movie. *** er stumbles into the hidden valley where Gothel's tower is located while she's off to market, touching off a long string of events that lead to, well, all the stuff you expect from a Disney princess film.    It's all phenomenally cute, and you can't help but admire the animation, which co-director Byron Howard envisioned as a blend of traditional Disney animation and CGI (and how they pulled it off I'm not sure I will ever know). And yet there's always a voice in the back of my head telling me exactly how much I'm being manipulated by every last aspect of this film. To its credit, <em>Tangled</em>, like most Disney films, is absolutely transparent about this, and so I guess I should give it points for honesty. I definitely give it points for the fact that I just don't care as much as I should about how certain minor characters are there just to advance the plot, and that whole \\"the songs sound like they were written by committee\\" thing; if you're going to hire a major recording star, why not let her write her own stuff? (And the switch some years ago from hiring straight voice actors to hiring major stars is a whole other rant in itself, and it's infuriating, and I'll stop now or we'll be here all day on that subject.)    And yet despite all that I'm attacking all the things about the movie that SHOULD be attacked is how much I enjoyed the silly thing. Yes, it's predictable, as predictable as any Disney princess movie, and yes, you will know from the outset this film is manipulating you (the first line of spoken dialogue, from Flynn Rider's voiceover: \\"this is the story of how I died.\\"), and it doesn't matter one bit. No matter how hard you resist, you will be assimilated, at least for the hour and a half it takes to watch this movie. *** 
0385512058|4.0|While I found Keith Ferrazzi's \\"Never Eat Alone\\" to be an informative and easy read, there were a somewhat annoying number of self-promoting excerpts early on and a bit too much bravado. Based on the success Mr. Ferrazzi has realized, one certainly shouldn't diminish what he has achieved and would likely be well advised to heed his advice. Perhaps what I have labelled as \\"bravado and self-promotion\\" is really just a high level of self-confidence infusing his narration. In any case, I would recommend this book to anyone who is interested in building mutually beneficial life long relationships or simply enhancing their networking skills. Much of what Mr. Ferrazzi espouses may be seen by some as common sense and good behavior. However, it never hurts to point out the obvious and the examples used throughout the text to reinforce his messages are excellent.
B0051CSIKQ|4.0|&lt;strong>Stake Land&lt;/strong> (Jim Mickle, 2010)<br /><br />I discovered a simple, but effective, hypothesis back in 2001 that, for the most part, has held up over the past decade: any film that has Larry Fessenden's name on it somewhere is going to provide you with one heck of a good time. (I did have to add a codicil later on that adds the phrase \\"as long as Ti West isn't involved\\", as Fessenden had cameos in both &lt;em>The Roost&lt;/em> and &lt;em>Cabin Fever 2&lt;/em>.) It started with &lt;em>Session 9&lt;/em>, where he had a small role in front of the camera, and &lt;em>Wendigo&lt;/em>, which he directed, both of which were among the best of 2001. The came the silly, but fun, &lt;em>Zombie Honeymoon&lt;/em>, which he produced, and I went back and saw &lt;em>Animal Factory&lt;/em>, and there was &lt;em>I Sell the Dead&lt;/em>, and... you get the idea. In the middle of all that was a little film that got picked up by After Dark Horrorfest. Normally that's an automatic fail, but for an After Dark movie, it was actually pretty decent, and showed some potential. It was another Fessenden production, with a guy I'd never heard of named Jim Mickle directing, written and starring a tough-looking, quite likable chap named Nick Damici. The movie was called &lt;em>Mulberry St.&lt;/em>, and it ranks among the three or four best movies After Dark has ever released. It's not perfect by any means (viz. 30Mar2009 review), but it had all kinds of potential.<br /><br />Fast-forward a few years, and the team of Mickle, Damici, and Fessenden reunite for &lt;em>Stake Land&lt;/em>, this time put out by Dark Sky Films, who have been responsible for such excellent genre fare as &lt;em>Deadgirl&lt;/em> and &lt;em>Eskalofrio&lt;/em>. You're already guaranteed that at least someone, somewhere, thinks this movie is a whole lot better than &lt;em>Mulberry St.&lt;/em>. The good news: they're right. I wrote the following in that &lt;em>Mulberry St.&lt;/em> review: \\"The other major problem the movie has is that there are so many places where the script starts to branch out into complex, interesting character development, so many stubs that tell us that given a little more time and another rewrite or so this movie would have given us a plethora of characters we could have come to care about. None of those stubs, however, ended up growing legs.\\" Mickle and Damici, who once again co-wrote, haven't completely fixed that problem, but they've gone about 90% of the way. The result is a much better, more affecting movie that still manages to pack in the solid action of their last outing.<br /><br />Plot: Martin (&lt;em>Gossip Girl&lt;/em>'s Connor Paolo) was a normal kid living in Pottstown, PA (nice little place, they used to have an excellent used bookstore, wonder if it's still there?), until they day he watched his parents and infant sister get slaughtered by a vampire. That night, he was saved by a guy known only as Mister (Damici), who we quickly learn is a vampire hunter. Fast-forward a few months, and the two of them are now mentor and apprentice, slowly travelling through the back roads of the American northeast, heading for New Eden (as Canada is called these days), a place where, supposedly, there are no vampires (though a starstruck shopkeeper warns them that rumor has it there's no food up there and folks have turned cannibal). As they're driving along, they gain and lose companions, and the first of these sets up the film's main conflict (no, it's not with the vampires): the boys are forced to slam on the brakes when a bloody, half-dressed nun (&lt;em>Top Gun&lt;/em>'s Kelly McGillis, known only as \\"Sister\\" in the film) runs across the road, screaming for help, pursued by two guys in burlap bags. It comes on the heels of the cannibal warning, and so you may think that's what happening, but no, these are common rapists Mister puts out of the world's misery. Unfortunately, they also happen to be members of the Aryan Brotherhood, who have risen to fill the power vacuum left by the disintegration of the government under the aegis of Jebediah Loven (&lt;em>Fringe&lt;/em>'s Michael Cerveris), who declare war on Mister and Martin, attacking and harrying them on their journey.<br /><br />It's a good, solid little plot, and has worked well before. It also works well here. Note that those who tag the film as anti-Christian propaganda are missing the entire point (after all, Mister and Martin are traveling with, you know, a nun. The AB may identify as Christian in the movie, but anyone with half a brain sees right through that... don't they?); but we wouldn't be having this conversation if these were cardboard characters, and that's the real draw here. For the first ten or fifteen minutes, I wasn't overly impressed with the acting, but Paolo eventually grows into his role, and the rest of the cast is solid as can be (I didn't get a chance to mention Dianelle Harris, who appeared in both the original and rebooted Halloween franchises, or &lt;em>The Wood&lt;/em>'s Sean Nelson, or small, but extremely effective, cameos for Fessenden and &lt;em>Thicker than Water&lt;/em> beauty Eilis Cahill). This makes for some surprisingly tender moments in the second half of the film, a real unexpected pleasure.<br /><br />But--as if I haven't already declaimed enough about why you should see this movie--one thing kept occurring to me that I haven't seen anyone mention, though I haven't read too many reviews about it. It seemed obvious to me that while the film is, for obvious reasons, being compared to other recent postapocalyptic horror films (both &lt;em>Zombieland&lt;/em> and &lt;em>The Road&lt;/em> have received mention in multiple reviews I've read), it seemed equally obvious to me that the movie was actually more influenced by westerns than by horror films. It's most in the forefront in the scene with Fessenden, who plays a pothead bartender in an out-of-the-way watering hole on the road. Seems like a pretty dangerous kind of thing to do in a world full of vampires, setting up shop outside a heavily-fortified town, right? Well, folks, welcome to the Old West... just substitute vampires and the occasional white power loony for rustlers and outlaws. It all makes perfect sense, and might answer some questions I've seen posed.<br /><br />Also: a lot of criticism has been levelled at both the climax of the film and the final shot. Most of it is relatively valid; I think both are love-it-or-hate-it moments. I loved the climax and kinda hated the final shot, but only because it's one of those \\"we're leaving it open for a possible sequel\\" final shots that annoys me. (Though once again, detractors: if you assume a sequel, suddenly some of the ideas you were complaining about in the climax seem less like they're simply abandoned and more like setup for ideas the be explored in the sequel, yes?) These aren't the movie's only problems, though I can't really talk much about those without getting way into spoiler territory; I will have to leave off by saying that there are some emotional choices made by some of the movie's characters that seem, well, a little abrupt (and a lot out of character given the setup). But these are not reasons you shouldn't see this movie. There are no reason you shouldn't see this movie. Mickle and Damici have gone from \\"a coupla kids with a dream and some potential\\" to bona fide indie horror auteurs. That should be celebrated, and preferably on the big screen. *** s Michael Cerveris), who declare war on Mister and Martin, attacking and harrying them on their journey.     It's a good, solid little plot, and has worked well before. It also works well here. Note that those who tag the film as anti-Christian propaganda are missing the entire point (after all, Mister and Martin are traveling with, you know, a nun. The AB may identify as Christian in the movie, but anyone with half a brain sees right through that... don't they?); but we wouldn't be having this conversation if these were cardboard characters, and that's the real draw here. For the first ten or fifteen minutes, I wasn't overly impressed with the acting, but Paolo eventually grows into his role, and the rest of the cast is solid as can be (I didn't get a chance to mention Dianelle Harris, who appeared in both the original and rebooted Halloween franchises, or <em>The Wood</em>'s Sean Nelson, or small, but extremely effective, cameos for Fessenden and <em>Thicker than Water</em> beauty Eilis Cahill). This makes for some surprisingly tender moments in the second half of the film, a real unexpected pleasure.    But--as if I haven't already declaimed enough about why you should see this movie--one thing kept occurring to me that I haven't seen anyone mention, though I haven't read too many reviews about it. It seemed obvious to me that while the film is, for obvious reasons, being compared to other recent postapocalyptic horror films (both <em>Zombieland</em> and <em>The Road</em> have received mention in multiple reviews I've read), it seemed equally obvious to me that the movie was actually more influenced by westerns than by horror films. It's most in the forefront in the scene with Fessenden, who plays a pothead bartender in an out-of-the-way watering hole on the road. Seems like a pretty dangerous kind of thing to do in a world full of vampires, setting up shop outside a heavily-fortified town, right? Well, folks, welcome to the Old West... just substitute vampires and the occasional white power loony for rustlers and outlaws. It all makes perfect sense, and might answer some questions I've seen posed.    Also: a lot of criticism has been levelled at both the climax of the film and the final shot. Most of it is relatively valid; I think both are love-it-or-hate-it moments. I loved the climax and kinda hated the final shot, but only because it's one of those \\"we're leaving it open for a possible sequel\\" final shots that annoys me. (Though once again, detractors: if you assume a sequel, suddenly some of the ideas you were complaining about in the climax seem less like they're simply abandoned and more like setup for ideas the be explored in the sequel, yes?) These aren't the movie's only problems, though I can't really talk much about those without getting way into spoiler territory; I will have to leave off by saying that there are some emotional choices made by some of the movie's characters that seem, well, a little abrupt (and a lot out of character given the setup). But these are not reasons you shouldn't see this movie. There are no reason you shouldn't see this movie. Mickle and Damici have gone from \\"a coupla kids with a dream and some potential\\" to bona fide indie horror auteurs. That should be celebrated, and preferably on the big screen. *** 
B004Y1USV2|3.0|With due repspect to all the glowing reviews here I must sadly decline.    I have been a serious Yes fan ever since 1972 and I can certainly see why so many Yes fans would appreciate this album. The production, song-writing/composition, much of the instrumental material and overall aesthetic of Fly From Here are quite good, IMO. Also, beyond a limited appeal to die-hard old-timers like me, this album recalls the Trevor Horn years in that FFH is something of a departure from previous Yes material, while still retining a style that is remeniscent of Yes.    But that's the problem - its remeniscent of Yes; it is NOT Yes. It is not Yes because it does not SOUND like Yes. While much of the material sounds fine and some of it is great on its own, it nevertheless sounds more like one of the many counterfeit, wannabe Yes-immatators from the late 70s and 80s (though far better produced) than it sounds like actual Yes.    Lots of conciliatory comments will be made about this album. But seriously folks, Yes without Jon Anderson is simply not Yes. Jon Anderson has been the defining voice of Yes ever since he founded the group with Chris Squire back in ...the 4th century, or something like that. And while the band has, on ONE occasion, recorded with a different front, that album was also almost universally panned for exactly the same reason this album will not achieve anything approaching wide-spread acceptance by Yes fans older than, say, 15.  Yes without Jon Anderson is like the Beatles without Lennon and Mcartney or \\"True Grit\\" without John Wayne.     It is becoming painfully evident throughtout the entertainment world that originality and imagination have become quite rare on planet earth, at least in the mainstream. Feeble re-makes, whether released under titles of the originals or just slightly reformulated and released under a different name, are the new \\"creativity\\". Immitation John Wayne movies can stand up fine on their own, but without the single most distinctive character in the cast, they simply are not John Wayne movies. Similarly, a Yes album without the single most significant, defining sound of Yes -that astonishing, golden, angelic, incredibly powerful and transcendent voice of Jon Anderson is simply NOT a Yes album even though the name on the cover says it is.
6301174240|5.0|I can't believe I was able to locate the VHS tape. It was damaged in a move.  Thank you for a wonderful transaction!
B003Y74AZ2|2.0|i used this for couple of weeks then begin to fit loose, so much that the camera hole is blocked very often. is a good product when is new.
B002TYZKIM|5.0|This is a great dvd.  Good quality.  Brand new.  I was reluctant to purchase the dvd because I thought Michael would look old preforming.  He did not.  The actual show would have been fantastic.  To bad the world never got to see it.
B004SBX112|1.0|Where the f*#&#187; is the game I paid for?\nGot a bill but the game did not download. How is that right?
B0002A2WDQ|5.0|This is a movie that sticks in your memory forever. I last saw it about 20 years ago and everytime I hear the word crossroads, it brings back this movie to me. Love this movie.
0439023491|3.0|Let me briefly start by saying I enjoyed Hunger Games, but not as much as the majority of the people here who give it great reviews.<br /><br />Maybe it's just a younger generation that doesn't remember Battle Royale or The Running Man. If I had to guess that would be it.<br /><br />Anyhow, I am starting to notice more in this book that the prose is sort of terrible. In this second book I almost want to rip my eyes out from the overuse of; I say, and he says. Can't we just let the context take care of that. It's so unusual, I read a sentence and i have no doubt who is speaking, then I get the end of the sentence and there it is, I SAY, or HE SAYS. It's very annoying.<br /><br />As for the story, well it's not something I am going to go around recommending to my friends because frankly it's sort of mediocre story and common enough theme. Gladitorial games or people hunting movies aren't really that unique; Suriving the Game, Hard Target, The Pest, Battle Royale, The Condemned, Death Race, etc.<br /><br />I only decided to pick it up because it was recommended by the Amazon reccomendations system and I decided to take a break from the fantasy genre for awhile.<br /><br />However, though I am not totally in love with this series it's still pretty decent in it's own right and I am somewhat looking forward to the film adaptation of the first book, even though the cast is somewhat dissapointing to me and it's rated PG-13, regardless of the fact that the one of the most interesting aspects of the first book is the bits of brutality we get throughout the games, at least for me that was the case.<br /><br />Also, as far as casting goes, I thought Lyndsy Fonseca would have been the better choice for looks, and Saoirse Ronan because she already played a role like this in Hanna. Moreover, Jennifer Lawrence has yet to impress me (i.e. I hated everything about X-men: First Class and Winters Bone was stupid, why was it up for so many awards?). Honestly the only casting I do like about this is Woody Harrelson as Haymitch. Anyhow this cast feels like it's aimed at a very young adult audience, which I guess makes sense given the simplicity of the book. I was just hoping the were going to head the other direction and step it up to a serious movie that adults could enjoy too.bout this is Woody Harrelson as Haymitch. Anyhow this cast feels like it's aimed at a very young adult audience, which I guess makes sense given the simplicity of the book. I was just hoping the were going to head the other direction and step it up to a serious movie that adults could enjoy too.
0385341679|5.0|Loved reading this series.Probably the best series I ever read. I am ready to start reading it all over again.  I love listening to the books that were read by Phil. He brings the series to life. If you have any questions listen to Shadowfever. I read the book first than listened to it and found that I missed or maybe misinterpreted some things when I read it. Maybe it is just hearing Barrons voice....
B002ZG976U|5.0|This movie suprised me. Cher was very convincing in this movie, and her songs she sang were super!  Christina Aquilera did amazing song perfomances.  This movie could of been real tacky, but it got the message across with class.
030745455X|4.0|I am officially two-thirds through the Stieg Larsson trilogy and can still say I am still on board Lizbeth Salander/Mickel Blomkvist fan club train.  I just finished, \\"The Girl Who Played with Fire\\" and can tell you the intrigue, twists, and shocking narrative that were the hallmark of \\"Dragon Tatoo\\" keep coming.  And this is not a sequel in the sense that a new story is being told.  It's the same story.  Larsson had a story to tell, it is just so much longer than a standard novel that it will take him three or more full length treatments to reach the end.  The tragedy of course it that Larson is no longer with us so it is impossible to know what was ultimately locked away within his characters.<br /><br />So what we have is not three separate novels but one story.  And therefore the first novel, the \\"Girl with the Dragon Tatoo\\" is only a marketing ploy.  Lizbeth Salander is not the main focus of the first novel. Mickel Blomkvist is the principle actor in that one no matter how intrigued we might be by the mysterious and heroic introduction of Salander.  But we do wish to know her better.  Who is she? Where did she come from? Why is she the way that she is?  \\"The Girl Who Played with Fire\\" now answers all of these questions and more.  And as we learn about Salander, and meet her horrific and twisted past, we solve another mystery...or she solves it...without striking a match.  This book is another whodunit, but this time with a real murder, a series of murders in fact, rather than a search for a missing person with a cold case file.  We also meet her true family, and those she considers friends, and discover who wants her dead, or at least locked away, and who is trying to protect her.<br /><br />In Salander's world, everything that that we consider normal is completely backward and the world is set ablaze before us.  Those that should love and protect us are trying to bury us in a hole.  Those she get's close to get seriously hurt.  And those we are unable to trust completely we must trust on faith alone.  We may never know Larsson's motives for writing these books, perhaps he is preaching; perhaps he wanted to send a higher message.  At this point it's hard for me to tell.  But what I can say is that these are great books with great entertainment value.  Once again however I will not go as high as five stars.  A very strong four and a hope that the \\"final chapter\\" will bring this trilogy home with the full five stars.we must trust on faith alone.  We may never know Larsson's motives for writing these books, perhaps he is preaching; perhaps he wanted to send a higher message.   At this point it's hard for me to tell.  But what I can say is that these are great books with great entertainment value.   Once again however I will not go as high as five stars.  A very strong four and a hope that the \\"final chapter\\" will bring this trilogy home with the full five stars.
0786955716|3.0|These tiles are pretty good. They are well made, clearly marked for 1\\" squares and have a lot of different shapes to craft your \\"Town\\". Unfortunately there is really just not enough variety in this set. You can't really effectively build outdoor town areas, nor is there a lot of options for indoor settings outside of empty rooms with a couple tables in them.    The face that I couldn't build a BAR (the main staple of the beginning of every DnD campaign ever) is pretty telling.     I felt like I got my value for this item and will be willing to purchase these tiles again they were just good and not amazing.
0316056863|4.0|I really think you have to kind of appreciate Tina Fey and her sense of humor to fully appreciate this book. I am a huge fan of 30 Rock so it was very interesting to find out how many of the plots came directly from her actual life experiences. For the most part, I would liken this book to an episode of Saturday Night Live - every sketch isn't funny, but the ones that are funny make you laugh until you cry.  I didn't find that this book revealed anything significant about her - but she says right off that she didn't set out to do that. I did feel a new appreciation for women who have succeeded in television though.
B000P0J09W|5.0|This movie is a classic from my childhood. It tells of a group of friends that find a treasure map in an attic and set out to find the pirate ship and gold. In the midst of their adventure they are pursued by the Fratelli's, a family of criminals set out to catch the group. Booby traps, underground passages, running from criminals, pirate ships and hidden treasure....a great movie!
B0000BWVCM|5.0|I absolutely love this movie and honestly believe its better than both the first and the second X movies. It has a lot of great information in it that is true to the comics. Though I'm incredibly biased in my love for this movie because I'm a huge Nightcrawler fan. If you pay attention really closely you'll notice a lot of X-Men 'shout outs' if you will. Like when Mystique is looking through the files if you look closely you'll see the names of other mutants like Gambit, Maximoff, etc. Also Kurt snickers a bit at the end of the movie when Professor Xavier mentions he knows a little girl who walks through walls, aka Kurt's best buddy Kitty.    Great movie overall and I enjoyed it immensely. In fact, the opening of the movie was one of the best that I've ever seen with that whole fight sequence between Nightcrawler and the Presidents body guards. Would highly recommend this to any X-fan or anyone in general.
031603441X|5.0|This book was a pleasure to read. It kept my interest the entire time, a true page turner. What an interesting life Keith has lead thus far. If you have any interest in the Stones or Mr. Richards get this book.
B005GC8MRU|5.0|I can't believe I am the only fan commenting on the new season.<br /><br />The last two episodes have built to a level where I'm pretty sure I didn't breathe the first five minutes of this one and I stopped again for the last five minutes.  In between, my heart was racing, and seeing Gale again was treat, but my heart raced another hour after I watched it!<br /><br />The last episode and Episode 2 both built beautifully to this one, and, as always, with superb and all-too-real performances, along with amazing writing and production values literally bless us with what I consider to be the best series of all time.<br /><br />I can't give anything away as a spoiler, other than the title, which you will get from an earlier episode, but for sheer adrenaline production and intelligent content, this proves again to be the series to watch.<br /><br />If all that was on television was Breaking Bad and Dexter, it might be a bit much, but add The IT Crowd and The Big Bang Theory for laughs (without incessant commercials!) and I find entertainment Nirvana!<br /><br />Skyler, \\"The Godmother?\\"
1250004349|3.0|I enjoyed learning about the taboo subject of the Vel d'Hiv roundup and the French connection to the Holocaust. However, like Julia's editor in the story, I would have liked the author to have included the other sides of the story.<br /><br />Unlike other reviewers, I enjoyed the dual narration between Sara (past) and Julia (present).<br />Unfortunately, once the past caught up to the present (2/3 through), the story went down hill fast. It was as if a second author took over<br /><br />I wondered if this book had an editor. I am no expert, but I noticed grammatical and punctuation errors throughout. Maybe when the second author took over the editor quit.
B004Y1USV2|4.0|As with most of us, I did not know what to expect from the new Yes album, seeing as they had changed singers.  That didn't always work for them in the past...  Ten years since last studio album as well.  What had changed?  Well, to my delight, I found this album, (I bought it on vinyl; only way to appreciate the awesome Roger Dean cover!), not only quite enjoyable, but really superior to the last several studio albums from Yes, which in my opinion, only had one or two tracks on each cd that you'd actually remember.  Geoff Downes is back on keyboards, and with Trevor Horn producing, (and providing backing vocals), you basically have the Drama band complete, albeit with Benoit David, who shows he is a better singer than Horn was on Drama.  The \\"Fly From Here\\" suite that takes up side one of the vinyl, is a beautiful, multi-faceted musical piece that after several listenings, gets in your head, and you realize what a great work it is.  Written in the Drama days, they expanded it to encompass several additional directions the song takes.  Very creative and well done.  The remaining tracks are satisfying, self-contained songs, which also are not only melodic, but again, catchy tunes that grow on you.  Chris Squire sings lead on \\"The Man You Always Wanted Me To Be\\", and his voice has never sounded better.  One of my favorite tracks is the last one, \\"Into The Storm\\", which is a terrific, energetic track in the vein of \\"On The Silent Wings of Freedom\\", a perfect way to end the album.  The musicianship is not as flashy as you might expect from these virtuosos, but again, on repeated listens, show how well they all play together, and how they actually play with a sound of \\"teamwork\\" in order to benefit the song.  Many hidden treasures, especially from Steve Howe.  Trevor Horn's production is pristine; he really found his calling once he went into the producer's chair after the Drama album.  Just great sound from start to finish.  I heartily recommend this album, and applaud the band for producing such a great, different record at this stage of their careers.
B0035JJJE6|2.0|The alien is very well detailed and looks good - but it's not as poseable as it looks in the ad.  I feel like it's going to break trying to get it into the position I wanted - and in fact the leg almost did break off.  It's definitely not worth the price!!!
0857680986|5.0|I had only recently heard of this book or author before I decided to purchase it.  I am on the verge of anger that none of my art teachers in the past seemed to know of it.  This would have been a life changing book for me as an art student since it took me decades to find stacks of books covering this material.  Here it has been for half a century in one volume!<br /><br />All art students should have a copy of this in their libraries.<br /><br />My one cricizism is the use of the 5'8\\" female as an ideal.  In the 1950's 5'8\\" was considered tall for a woman.  Today it is still above average.  The reason for the objection is that the proportion for this height is different than for average height.<br /><br />If you are studying art, get this book!
080214473X|5.0|Participant level perspective of a snatch and grab mission in Mogadishu, Somalia in 1993.  Thoroughly researched.  Well told.  US and Somalia perspectives.  Young, young men.  Best of the best.  Technology.  Strategy.  Failures.    Your respect for our servicemen and servicewomen will grow as you read this book, including the 30 killed in a helicopter downed by a rocket propelled grenade in Afghanistan yesterday.
0375842209|4.0|I wasn't too sure at first how I felt about Death being the narrator.  I couldn't get an immediate sense of voice or what I could expect from the book.  I pressed on because so many reputable people loved it online.    In the end, the story, its events, and its characters moved me to tears.  I can't remember if a book has ever made me cry before.  I've read several books about children during Nazi Germany, and this book is definitely a fresh approach to the subject.    In the interview in the back of the book, Markus Zusak says he wants readers to remember his characters.  Not a problem at all.  These are characters I'm proud to carry with me.  The story is profoundly moving and well-written.  I would've liked to see a slightly different take on the ending, but I certainly have no regrets about taking the time to read this.  Beautiful.
B004LWZW4C|5.0|For all you haters out there I think you're forgetting that when you go to the movies it's for entertainment and escapism. That's it!<br /><br />Unless your \\"anhedonic\\" try to enjoy yourself. It's an artform and if you hate this movie and that movie then perhaps movies aren't for you!
B004H1V5RU|4.0|This was a birthday present for my husband. He finds it very hard to do but still appreciates its educational value.
1439152780|5.0|long but worth it. a rich story.
B0054SMIH6|3.0|Matthew McConaughey (Mickey Haller) stars as a defense attorney, representing low-life clients for murder, drugs, assault, prostitution, etc. He thinks he's hit the jackpot with a rich new client, but then finds out he's been ensnared - the client actually is a vicious killer who asked for Haller. The rationale for picking Haller is too complicated to easily explain, as well as highly improbable. Regardless, Haller ends up as a suspect in the murder of his own investigator (actually done by his client's mother). To escape the trap, Haller engineers a complex double-cross that's even more complex and improbable.
B0057A6GA6|5.0|I&apos;ve been playing this game daily since I was lucky enough to get it as a free app of the day. This is the best tower defense game I&apos;ve played on android - fun and challenging, with great graphics and excellent controls.  Good variety in levels also, as each new level changes the selection of weapons available.I&apos;d be happy with this game even if I&apos;d paid for it, and recommend it to anyone with even the slightest interest in tower defense games.
B0058VW36U|5.0|fun and relaxing!  would recommend it to anyone and everyone :) came in very handy while waiting for our flight.
B003L77GRO|5.0|Dexter is a very popular show in here Australia where it sells reasonably cheaply as a box set.  I must admit, while there are bargains to be had by buying direct from the USA, given the high Australian dollar against the $US, the Austrlain packaging of DVDs are far superior. So if a movie is cheap I will buy it here.  The release date for the fifth season in Australia will coincide with the American release.      While Dexter appears weekly on free-to-air television here I prefer to buy and own the box sets.  For me spending a lazy weekend afternoon or a week night watching three or four episodes at one sitting is preferable to having to spend a whole week waiting for what happens next on free-to-air television.       This is probably my favourite TV show on many levels such as characterisation, plot loaded with suspense and an absolute unpredictable storyline.  The ending of the fourth season got me totally by surprise.  I can't wait until the fifth season is released.
031603441X|4.0|Look, you are not reading the memoirs of a world leader or an economic mover and shaker. You are simply reading the exploits of an entertainer that was there at the advent of rock and roll and continues to have a front row seat through the window of the world of rock music.<br /><br />The writing style is easy to follow and flowing, there is a lot of material on the formation of the band and personality of the members, a definite concentration on what it is like to compose and write the music (I'm a guitarist so I really enjoyed all the musical jargon), there's a bit of tabloid sleaze and, best of all, a fantastic perspective on the songs, albums, tours and other important aspects of the band.<br /><br />Keith Richards comes across a lot more intelligent, modest and righteous then you would think. My respect for him as a musician has tremendously increased after reading how he approached his craft.<br /><br />I found this very enjoyable, light reading for any fan of rock music
0553801473|5.0|Guys,<br /><br />All I can say is that it was TOTALLY worth the wait. Honestly, I didnt like AFFC that much and thought to myself that now that GRRM has become so popular he's become more commercial and the quality of his writing has gone down compared to the previous 3 books. And then the HBO show somehow reinforced that idea for me...<br /><br />I didnt know what to expect with ADWD (am still reading it) but what I can say is that this book is the BEST of the ASIOAF series! The story itself has become insanely interesting and each chapter leaves you breathless, on the edge of your seat (or bed, or potty).<br /><br />Buy this book NOW...thats and ORDER...<br /><br />And thank me later ;)
B004UXUSIM|5.0|WOW! Nostalgically entertaining...interestingly portrayed,historical review of the writers and artists who have inhabited Paris since the   late-1800's...great tour of those parts of the City of Lights that we visitors have loved!!!      One of Woody Allen's great trips through his mind's eye--imagination! It's a film worth viewing more than once, to see all the little details one may have missed the first time around.   OH! And Owen Wilson really \\"came of age\\" in this film...BRAVO! Great casting! Even down to the dog in the French restaurant!   Waiting to see the film again when Amazon delivers it the DVD!
0312330537|4.0|This is an amazing book, and the fact that it recounts, in some part, the author's own life makes it even more amazing.  The only reason I'm not giving this book a five is that it almost seems like two different books - part one being warm, filled with completely real characters in a vibrant setting, and 'believable' (though the events are still extraordinary).  Lin, the main character, comes across as tortured but humble.  Part two, however, is much darker, the characters begin to blur together, and Lin starts so sound something like an action hero, and is somewhat less likeable for it.    Despite those small issues, it's definitely a book I would recommend to almost anyone, except those who really dislike violence.
B0051CSIKQ|4.0|Stake Land is the perfect example of a low budget movie that is amazingly superior to similar apocolyptic vampire films with high budgets (\\"Priest,\\" \\"Day Breakers,\\" etc). Best compared as \\"The Road\\" meets \\"30 Days of Night,\\" it's a very intense film that grabs you early and does not let you go.     A teenage boy (maybe 15-16 years old) is rescued by a \\"lone warrior\\" from a vampire attack that leaves his entire family dead. The lone warrior (sort of a cross between Wesley Snipe's \\"Blade\\" with a badass Mickey Rourke attitude) teaches the boy how to fight and kill vampires as they travel up north to find the salvation city of \\"New Eden.\\" They pick up a handful of fellow travellers along the way and they slowly become a \\"family\\" of sorts. These characters (particularly the \\"lone warrior\\") are stereotypical yet developed enough to not come across as cheesy or cliche. Not only do the travellers have to worry about vampires, as mankind may be even more dangerous: rapists, killers, psychos, and murderous religious fanatics- who are a combination of all these things.     As you can see, the plot is not overly original. However, what it lacks in originality it makes up for with other strong qualities: the acting is solid and the movie itself is bleak as hell. As the film goes on, the elements of helplessness and doom escalates with a terrifically sad violin music score. And it only gets bleaker as it goes on. No sexy teen vamps that sparkle in sunlight, here, folks. The vampires are refreshingly gross and creepy with rotting skin and animalistic behaviour. The scenes with the religious cult leader are frightening, making you wonder which is worse: vampires or mankind.     Even with its low budget, Stake Land runs circles around similar movies that have much higher budgets. The story is a very solid road movie (think of a very serious \\"Zombieland\\") that is bleak, dismal, and very well made. There is plenty of action in the movie, but its not overly gorey. There is more story than action, which is why this movie is elevated above your standard action fare: while there are horror elements in the movie, I'd classify it as a \\"dark drama\\" and not a \\"horror\\" movie.     PQ is actually very good (which I truley wasn't expecting). Colors don't pop off the screen and the blacks aren't entirely inky- there's some crush / noise in there- but overall a very pleasant looking film.     If you enjoy end of the world movies and/ or vampire movies, you should definitely check this movie out. There are admittedly a few scenes here and there where the low budgetness of the movie shows, but overall this is well worth watching. It also wouldn't hurt to have a lighter-hearted movie to pop in when this one ends: this is pretty bleak stuff, but a road worth travelling down.
B003YFIUW8|4.0|Admittedly, I had trouble at the beginning of this book. The story is told from a five year old's perspective, which is (obviously) quite simplistic. Nonetheless, once the history of the story was explained I was hooked. I finished it in one sitting and have recommended the book to several family members/friends already. Push past the first 30 or so pages and I'm sure you won't be disappointed.
143911000X|5.0|I originally found a copy of this book on my Third Deployment to Iraq.  I had thumbed through it at the Free Books area of the MWR.  I read it cover to cover in a couple of hours.  Even though it is a very short book I thought it was very funny and well thought out.  I had never seen the Show, (How I Met your Mother) before and this book sucked me in.   It is fun to watch as Barney Stinson quotes the Bro Code although not in precise order as the book but accurately enough also fun to watch as he breaks the Code on many occasions.  The Show is one of the funniest shows on TV in my opinion.  The Characters have depth; you want to see them succeed.  It is a Smart and Funny comedy The Bro Code is a Smart and Funny Book.  I recommend this to any fan of the Show or if you haven't seen the Show get the book as I did and then start watching from season 1.
B005C7SXNW|5.0|Literally the perfect movie. Hilarious and moving. Every single shot of the movie is just as good as the last. The only problem I have with it is that I couldn't understand everything that was said, so I'll probly watch it once through with subtitles when it comes out on blu ray.    Cannot wait for more richard ayoade movies.
B003H9MSPG|4.0|I've read all the less than 4 reviews and can't understand what the problem is. It says UP TO 35 feet range. I just bought this \\"toy\\" for \\"Cubical Warfare\\" and house warfare and it works just fine. Remember \\"Science for Dummies 101?\\" I'm a dummy and remember that anything traveling in a long tube or even an electric wire, the longer the wire or tube or barrel, the more resistance there is. Shorten this gun by taking the barrel extension off and it works UP TO 35 feet. It even says in the instructions to arc the barrel up for longer shots. Yes, I'm a 62 year old \\"KID\\" and this will be fun to goof around with. The dog will probably chase the darts across the yard or living room. NO NO NO, I will not shoot the dog. She may retaliate some way. :)Now the wife however is a prime target and hopefully she doesn't get a hold of this or my NERF Maverick. :) GAME ON!!!     Also it seems to be well made and the action sounds pretty hefty with the clicking and slamming of the gun action. I would not get too ruff with it though. It looks pretty good too. Too bad they didn't make a \\"digital desert or Jungle camo\\" one. As for educational value, kids learn how to put things together and take them apart by removing the barrel and cocking the breach and attaching the clip and removing it. Maybe even gun safety. Get a Nerf target for more fun. Not sure if the stock comes off. I'm not going to try it due to it may break. Looks good anyway with it. Have fun.
0060558121|3.0|Interesting premise but the ultimate payout is rather lacking in terms of a creative story ending or a literary message/moral.  The idea of mythological gods and their prodigy being alive today (the premise is actually borrowed from a Douglas Adams novel - albeit in a different genre) draws the reader into the story in a compelling fashion.  The characters are a bit stereotypical and two dimensional, but this does not stop the reader from wanting to move along at a fast clip given the premise and the first half of the plot.<br /><br />SPOILER ALERT for below passage<br /><br />But at the end of the day, the war between the gods and the resurrection of the main character are lackluster.  The war itself (and much of the build up to the war) lacks excitement and the resurrection storyline seems to lack purpose or insight.<br /><br />This is an OK novel, but nothing more.
B001P9KR8U|3.0|It's a good movie, but the book or audio book is much, much better. The movie barely followed the book.  I would recommend the audio book (5 stars).
B004YEJGEO|4.0|Good puzzle app. Holds attention, long, and gets tough enough to be interesting. It needs a way to view which direction the light is going as well as a light wheel accessible from the game so that you know which colors combine to firm which colors.
B004I2K4DY|5.0|I bought this DVD because I love musicals,and I had heard so many great things about it,And believe me it is wonderful, Alfie Boe,Colm wilkinson,...and Michael ball have beauiful voices,
0307946711|5.0|I was excited to find a contemporary romantic novel.  I've been trying to find something to fill the void of Time Traveler's Wife and David Nicholls has done it! I a couple that goes through a massive amount of ups and downs set in Britain.  Funny to read all the slang I'm not used to.  Dialogue was entertaining and got me laughing, with my mouth open, and crying.     I'm afraid to pick the next book to read because I keep thinking of this one and how its going to be hard to top it.
B00006I53S|3.0|The Canon EF 28-135mm f/3.5-5.6 IS USM lens is only mediocre and not top-notch, it serves its purpose of being an \\"All purpose lens\\", but does not get any close to my famed Canon EF 70-200mm f/4L USM when it comes to performance. There is just no comparison. I now opine that the 28-135mm is probably overrated here on Amazon and overpriced by Canon. I tested this lens on a XTi, on a 40D, on a 50D and finally on the 7D in numerous lighting environments with a host of manual options and employing creativity. Picture quality was mediocre at the best. In retrospect, I regret having purchased this lens. I should have saved my 400 USD, added another 600 USD and should have gone for the Canon EF 24-105mm f/4 L IS USM instead. That is a far superior lens. I would have been a much happier person.<br /><br />My sincere advise, please do not rush into buying this lens. If you know someone that owns this lens, test it first before deciding to blow 400 USD on this mediocre lens. Shame on Canon for dubiously branding and packaging an inferior product and fooling the masses. I respect Canon otherwise, but not for this lens. Sorry.
B0037QGS0A|1.0|(spoilers)<br /><br />What happens when a couple in their mid-life grows apart, and hubby misses a flight home? Naturally, Mom hires a hooker to track him down and attempt to seduce him; has the hooker recount slowly, in graphic detail their encounter; gets turned on by the description of the affair; and sleeps with the hooker herself -- all because it makes her feel close to her husband.<br /><br />(end spoilers)<br /><br />I'm not sure what planet the makers of this film live on, but the common reaction to marital and relationship betrayal is...well, feelings of betrayal. Not eroticism.<br /><br />This was an attempt at a clever, sexy midlife crisis film. It was a failed attempt -- a miserably failed attempt. This cannot be attributed to the actors, for they all performed well. It can only be attributed to the ridiculous plot -- which was as absurd as it was predictable. As soon as the ridiculousness of Katherine's obsession/sexual fantasies about her husband's affairs was shown, the rest of the movie was obvious; and much could be guessed prior to that as well. Unrealistic, obvious and ridiculous.<br /><br />1/5 stars
B0055SWM08|5.0|what a beautiful and well put together game! the music is nice as well as the graphics. \nat 99 cents this game is a bargain, will worth every cent!\n
0756404738|5.0|With only two books published I am already a big Rothfuss fan. I particularly like the constant bias and candidness present in Kvothe's narration that takes us deep into the head of a slightly disturbed but very interesting character. If you have read The Name of the Wind, you are no doubt aware of this. Rothfuss also has an uncanny ability to mix lyrical prose with coarse, street, gritty content.    The Wise Man's Fear is very different to The Name of the Wind because in this second installment, Kvothe is no longer naive and vulnerable in any way. He is very street savvy and succeeds in facing every challenge posed to him without becoming completely lost and helpless. This for me limits the story somewhat. The strength of Kvothe as a character takes the edge off Rotfuss's tension.    Nevertheless, in this installment, Rothfuss takes us on a wonderful journey, forcing Kvothe to deal with monstrous enemies and betrayal from those he's helped. He develops new bonds and new friends and skills that he never had. He takes us on a winding road that allows Kvothe to experience things that nobody else has ever experienced. Through these experiences, Kvothe learns more about the world, and in turn about the nature of magic.    The overarching plot of The Kingkiller Chronicles is also furthered. We learn more about the mysterious creatures who killed Kvothe's troupe. He moves closer to his revenge.    There are several stories at play within this volume, and it could easily have been broken down into different components. There is no main arc exclusive to this book other than the furthering of Kvothe's understanding of Naming. The arcs are all interesting, but they are quite separate.     Some of the arcs are not as big as Rothfuss made them out to be, and they might have been condensed and abridged. Some of the arcs were also fairly predictable.    Despite the shortcomings, however, I thoroughly enjoyed this second volume to Rothfuss's saga. It is certainly not as good as the first book, but this does not detract from it in its own right. It is a fun, exciting, and epic read.
B000BCE918|1.0|great movies, really its one of my favorite trilogies. the first ones the best but arent they almost always (exception being terminator 2 and pet semetary 2).  this is not my view on the movie itself but the prices people are selling it at.  KEEP LOOKING.  i purchased my copy of the trilogy, yes, the same one with the jurassic park gate cover just like this one,in a store for like 7 bucks.  People are trying to sell it used for like 13 bucks and new for like 50.  I dont know if they still have it in stores or not but id certainly shop around a little bit before forking down that kind of money.
B0035RONVW|5.0|If you enjoy progressive rock/metal that you'll enjoy this.<br /><br />The instrumentation is reminiscent of Pink Floyd, Porcupine Tree, and Opeth all at the same time while also having an identity of its own.<br /><br />Highly recommended to fans of the genre or rock music in general. It could blow your mind
B00003CXAT|5.0|oh man hes awesome.  the color purple, jaws, jurassic park, et.  never other than a film maker basically guarantee the \\"wow\\" effect every time.  this movie never lost its magic with me or anyone ive known.    the gist of the movie, dont screw with mother nature.  its a scarey thought really.  ive read how there are scientist trying to re clone the wooly mammoth.  whats next, the sabertooth tiger? god forbid dinosaurs.  well, this movie shows what could happen.    a couple of fossil hounds are called in to look at a new project that a fellow scientist is working on.  a park set to open to the public full of all the pre extinct dinosaurs, including the T Rex, though i think the velocoraptor was the scaries one to me.  He invites them for a tour along with some other scientist and his two grandchildren.  during a bad storm they wind up without power and the electric fences are turned off.  Feeding time!  The dinos have no rules and these people are running around like white mice.  People are getting eaten, animals are getting eaten, theres alot of chasing, its terrifying, but at the same time the movie has some of the most beautiful scenes ever.  Its all shot on a beautiful island, there is one particular scene where they are overlooking a family of brontosaurus.  the music adds so much and there are one or two peaceful dinosaurs in the movie but dont get me wrong, the rest are meat eaters and there's a whole lot of chasing and sneaking up on humans going on.    i think the first one was definately the best.  the other ones that followed were great too but they didnt have the beauty of the first one, they were mainly just violent.  after the first one you really wanta scream, \\"are these people that stupid?!!!\\".  I mean people get ripped in half, 2 children are almost killed, you look around and see a big bloody mess of an island, millions of dollars are in the toilet and you think \\"hm, maybe we should try this again?!\\" some numbskull decides to transport a t rex for aviewing in the middle of the city, the scientist who started it all decides to have another go at it.  it gets to the point where you want to hit the old guy in the head with a stick and say \\"look at your grandkids, old man, arent they probly warped enough from the first time?\\"  lol anyways.  the first one was the best but in one of the sequels, i think it was the second one but im not certain, they see the kids again and i love the look the kids give them.  its definatly got the whole \\"grandads gone nuts, do something, people are gonna die again\\" thing going on.    jurassic park does for the jungle and science what jaws did for trips to the beach.
B004BJMEO6|5.0|This is one of the most beautifully performed films I've seen. The acting is superb by all the characters, and the intense relationship that develops between Peyton and Elena is so believable and real and personal that it \\"took MY breath away\\". I was astounded that anyone could rate this as 1. I'm not a writer, I'm a viewer. My standard metric has been Desert Hearts (Hard to beat that one), but this one does. Perhaps those who have never experienced the kind of love expressed in this movie would consider it poorly, but for me, this is the best Lesbian movie I have seen to date. Yes, the \\"soulemetry\\" scenes may be a bit much for some, but they needn't detract at all from the movie. I enjoyed them. If you wish, take them as a delightful interlude and move on. It is hard to believe a love so deep exits that it would so completely change your life. This one is believable. I could not, and still can't believe that Traci and Necar are acting. The electricity between them is phenomenal. I've have the DVD a little over 2 months and still get it out to watch - from beginning to end. And I loved the featured interviews. And Peyton's friend Wave, played by Mary Wells, is delivers hers lines perfectly. I laugh over them every time I watch. The two kids, Conner Kramme and Sabrina Fuster as Nash and Tori are delightful together and as well as in their separate roles - and to think Sabrina wrote and performed one of the best songs in the move! Wow!  Actually all the acting was good. Even those you want to \\"hate\\", you do, although hate is too strong a word - dislike would probably be better.  Anyway - a wonderful, delightful, and amazing movie with all the right stuff - over and over!
0307716511|5.0|I took one book on vacation with me and Sister by Rosamund Lupton was it. Thank goodness I waited until I was on the train home to start it  - I would not have been able to put it down. What an absolutely addicting read.<br /><br />Sister is told as a past tense narrative in letter form by Bee to her younger sister Tess. We learn early on that Tess is dead. Was it suicide? Everyone but Bee believes so.  The account follows Bee's attempts to make sense of what had happened to Tess. She was so full of life - she couldn't have possibly chose to end it.<br /><br />\\"You painted abstract canvases, expressing large truths in bold splashes of vivid color while I was perfectly suited to my job in corporate design, matching every color in the world to a Pantone number. Lacking your ability with broad brushstrokes I will tell you this story in accurate dots of detail. I'm hoping that as in a pointillistic painting, the dots will form a picture and when it is completed, we will understand what happened and why.\\"<br /><br />Lupton deliciously and slowly inserts details into every chapter, gradually filling us in on what has already happened. We learn that Bee is being interviewed by a lawyer and her statement recorded.  What did Bee discover? What happened to Tess? What is happening to Bee? As the interviews continue over the course of several days, her health seems to be failing.<br /><br />Sister is a fantastic mystery, but also a beautiful retrospective of the love between the two sisters. Lupton's prose are thoughtful, evoking emotion easily.<br /><br />There were numerous suspects possible, but I am thrilled to say that I never saw the ending coming. Planning to read this one? DO NOT read the end first.  Best. Twist. Ending. Ever.<br /><br />This was a debut for Lupton - I  will be hunting down her second book for sure.
B004EBT5CU|5.0|She have a really nice voice , a complete new style.  We cannot compare adelle with other artist because she have an original style, completely different and with beautiful messages. Music that you can dance but at the same time you can think about and reflect. I really love it!!!!!!!!!!
0802130208|1.0|I made it to page thirty-one. The first few pages were humorous so I thought I was in for a good book, but I quickly became bored. I just don't feel like a book should be work, and I was working to pay attention after those first few pages.     It's interesting to me how some books can have such good reviews, and I think, \\"Meh.\\" Oh well, to each his own.
B00005JN2Z|2.0|The first time I played this video, it froze at several spots in the movie. I am sending it back.
159514188X|4.0|I really enjoyed this book.  I did cry for the narrator, and the girl who committed suicide. I have been both of those people- and I know how it feels-the reasons why the girl did what she did are so commonplace and prevalent and scarring- and, after reading this book, anyone with a heart will think twice before they do anything that impacts the life of another. Frankly, I think this should be MANDATORY Freshman literature. This would save a few lives, both physically, and emotionally.<br />The abrupt ending was ..... jarring- but perfect. Leaves you open to the possibilities of making changes and moving forward, and doing the right thing from now on- and going the extra mile.
B001BZGA8Y|5.0|I love this watch. I am female, but i love wearing mens watches. I really love the Tag Heuer with the ceramic center, and this watch is very similar. Well-made. You can set the date. I wouldn't call this a man's watch though. definitely has way too many feminine touches, such as the diamonds around the dial. LOVE it though!
B003YL4LYI|1.0|I have just completed reading the first 4 books of this series having gotten interested in it through the HBO Series, Game of Thrones. The first 3 books were terrific and I roamed about everywhere with my Kindle reading them. In book 4, A Feast for Crows, the story line fell apart. I agreed with everything the true readers wrote of that book and I scanned reviews of fans of the series for the 5th book, A Dance with Dragons, looking specifically for spoilers. Now I know how the story is progressing--it's not.<br /><br />Once again, thank you all for sparing me the $14.99 Kindle price and a week of my life!
0934026157|5.0|I purchased a paperback version of the \\"Learning to Weave\\" by Debbie Redding and Deborah Chandler.  This is an economical way to buy this classic reference.  The spine is a spiral so it is easy to keep the book opened to any page you want.<br /><br />The book is extremely detailed, from position of the hands when you dress the dress to numerous illustrations on various topics.  I am attaching a photo of the page addressing the topic of warping the yarn.  The amount of fine details and explanations is better than in any other book I read.  I had high expectations based on everything I heard about this book and it totally lived up to my expectations.<br /><br />This book helped solve some beginner problems I had earlier. It made it easier and faster to dress the loom.  And my weaving edges are looking better with floating selvedges, a technique I learned in this book!  The chapter on troubleshooting and various options to fix mistakes is very helpful.  This book also has a large section on various weaving patterns.<br /><br />I currently thinking about upgrading my first loom to a bigger one.  I was pleased to find a chapter about buying the right loom for you.  It has several useful considerations that I will keep in mind.<br /><br />I am sure I will be coming back to this book again and again. I join the chorus saying that this book extremely helpful if you are just learning to weave.  It will curb your learning curve!<br /><br />Ali Julia Review
159562015X|1.0|I was very disappointed in the book as this was the second time I attempted to order a \\"new\\" book from the used book site of Amazon's business and both times I recieved books that had the passcode already used even though the book was listed as \\"new\\".
B0044XV3QY|4.0|Let's not inflate James Cameron's already over-inflated gargantuan ego by labeling this movie as a film that transcends space-time or whatnot. While this movie is great in its effects this is more due to the great animators at WETA than James Cameron being the credit-monger that he is. If you want great effects to try out on your HDTV buy the Blu-ray and you won't be disappointed. But if you're here to purchase a meaningful movie with innovative story-telling, this is nothing more than a multimillion dollar sci-fi Disney princess plot.
B0050LJIRK|5.0|i loved the album from start to finish they have not changed there sound at all in my opinion well worth the wait
B003XKPPOU|5.0|Amazingly well made movie that is comparable and exceeds most other films. Great animation, music, and well directed scenes that evict emotions that some live-action movies fail to produce. If you liked any of the Toy Story movies you'll love this movie as it takes everything of the previous and improves it or adds some new elements that you'll be sure to love.
B004J713JW|1.0|Horrible, Horrible, Horrible........ Sub par performance, with off key singing and playing.  Didn't seem to get ready for such a large venue.  Now the Blu-ray Disc is disgraceful.  This is absolutely the worst sounding Disc I have in my collection (Blu-ray and non Blu-ray).  There is no Bass management and everything is pushed towards the middle speaker.  Just to get to an acceptable listening, you'll have to turn off the surround sound and listen to it in Stereo.  They need to fix this disc and send everyone who bought it a revised copy or at least refund my money.
B0056BMK6K|3.0|A good book, and the author is correct the big publishing houses are entrenched and have a virtual monopoly and now things are better for the little guy  if the little guy is smart.
0743486285|5.0|Have been a fan of Nikki since I was 13.  I am not a reader, but recently started reading biographies.  So who better to start with than Nikki.  It was interesting to read someones diaries from way back.  Makes you wish you had kept one too when you were younger to reflect back on when your older.  Nikki's battle with drugs and feeling abandon by his family (well his mother & father) were raw emotions even though he was an adult and had success etc.  This book will show a you that even at the bottom of the pit you can climb out and change wether it is drugs or not.  Anything is possible!  Thanks Nikki!!!
B002XUBDZ6|5.0|The Running Man on Blue Ray was absolutely great! I was like 5-7 years old when this movie 1st came out & I have loved it for years. I had a VHS copy when I was a little guy & it got played quite often. I'm 32 years old now & I hadn't seen it in 10 or 15 years, it was nice when I got my copy and enjoyed one the good Arnold movies w/ my wife.(I am not saying my wife was in the movie, her & I watched it together)
B0044XV3QY|5.0|I liked the movie, but I wasn't crazy about it.  The only reason I got this is because I found it on a day were it cost $19.99<br /><br />For my surprise, I got way more than I was expecting.<br /><br />The package is a deluxe one.  A little bit like Lord of The Rings Extended Edition package.  Slipcase and all.  Not expecting that.  Looks very pretty in the eye.<br /><br />The movie quality is top notch, and the discs are PACKED with extras, that for people like me, are the first and only reason to get movie special editions.<br /><br />I just found a new respect for the movie and it's creators, and this package, even at full price, worth the money.
B002N5N5R0|5.0|You just can't help but become endeared to these people.  Yes they are in a gang, yes they do terrible things, but they take care of their town and each other.  Very morally wrong, but an enjoyable show.
B0051CSIKQ|4.0|I like when a given genre starts to mature and the film makers explore the various possibilities available.    Here's the scoop. A plague has devastated Earth and people are turning into Vampire-Zombies. A young boy, Martin, has lost his parents. He hooks up with a \\"hunter\\" (of said creatures) called \\"Mr.\\" and he learns the trade as they make their way north to \\"New Eden\\" in the hopes of a better life. Of course things don't go smoothly.    This has more in common with \\"The Walking Dead\\" than it does with \\"Night of the Living Dead.\\" Though the attacks come with enough regularity to keep things from getting bogged down, it focuses more on how various people cope with the new state of things than it does with outright mayhem. The individuals, and groups of people, they come across all attempt to find their niche in the new world. When they're in the south, where religious fervor is at a peak, and many of the survivors view the plague as the hand of God punishing the wicked, things get real interesting. This actually comprises a large part of the plot throughout.  They also spend a fair amount time showing the man and boy developing their relationship (such as it is), so when the final scene comes, it all makes sense.    Though not an expensive movie, the budget was good enough to give it polished look. The camerawork and editing were smooth. The music was better than it had to be. The acting was also very good. I didn't recognize anyone save for Kelly McGillis. (nice to see her working) but no one stuck out as being less than professional. My only complaints (and these are minor) are that I didn't much care for the creature make-up and it did get a bit slow in parts.     This is a very thoughtful and mature entry into the genre. There is a good balance of mood, horror and social consciousness. If you're looking for a mindless bloodfest then don't bother. If you're looking to explore another level in the evolution of these kinds of films then have a great time.
B004VMVTNU|1.0|wont  bypass headphones and play from speakers. .  and alarm sounds are a garbled mess barely audible even with alarm volume. very disappointing. droid 2 global.
B0018CMJSU|5.0|this restoration is awesomely good!! .... and it now portrays spanish and french subtitles if you need them (wich is the case of my wife)... i won't talk about the movies because there's nothing i can say that hasn't been said already, these are a must have.
0446581348|4.0|This book has a lot of information and instruction for applying makeup.  The step by step pictures are very helpful.  I enjoyed the bit of history of make and makeup artist that she included.
B004K4IZ54|5.0|.....stunning 2d picture.<br />.....outstanding 3d picture.<br /><br />the story may seem dull to some people.... not to me because i saw part 1
B0054JZC6E|1.0|-1 star for excessive ads. I understand using ads for revenue. But this game has an ad screen across the bottom of every screen, plus has a fullscreen ad that populates about every other game.\n\n-1 star for the ad bar that is across the playing area of the games. In table hockey, I hit the ad 4 times in 3 games. In the frog\/tongue game I hit the ad bar twice. It was the same in the majority of my games.\n\n-1 star for poor controls. It may be my phone (epic), but I don&apos;t have problems with any other game. I found these games had poor response time and the delay was enough to have to compensate for.\n\n-1\/2 star for difficulty. I expect a game to get harder as you play. All the games required 4,000 points to get the gold. Some of the games should have a higher threshold (frog\/tongue; birds\/statue) while others needed a lower one (darts, table hockey).  \n\n-1\/2 star for gui. If you press the ? for help to know how to play the game, when you&apos;re done,  you return back to the main menu, not the option to play the game.\n\nIn short, I uninstalled.
B0055IU4GM|5.0|Everyone has a favourite pair of jeans, ones which always look good, feel right and which actually get better with age. How appropriate then for the great John Hiatt to name his new album after these durable garments since in musical terms his own longevity over nearly 60 years has been one marked by cranking up the quality button to the the highest level and broadly sticking around at that benchmark. With past glories like \\"Bring in the family\\" (1987) and the essential \\"Crossing Muddy Waters\\" (2000) it remains one of life's enormous puzzles why Hiatt remains a minority taste but for those who have yet to sample his work thus far there is a chance to make amends by purchasing \\"Dirty jeans and Mudslide Hymns\\" since this seasoned campaigner is again near the top of his game. Ultimately those familiar with Hiatt works will already know the score as in this album you will get angry blues, soft country, good time rock n roll and a classic voice with a raspy southern drawl that emotes a lifetime of paying songwriting dues where sadly most of \\"hits\\" derive generally from covers of his work by other artists.<br /><br />The album starts with a corker, a dirty swamp blues rock out entitled \\"Damn this town\\" where Hiatt spits out vitriol and raw emotion about his disillusionment with a certain locality which has delivered nothing but heartache. The anger subsides on the next song \\"Till I get my loving back\\" a classic country ballad full of haunting slide guitar and an emotive Hiatt vocal which will no doubt be covered down the years by people who know good music. As always he also throws in a couple of good time rockers with \\"Love that girl\\" and the joyous chugging auto song \\"Detroit Made\\" about a Buick Electra 225 being the prime examples. But throughout the prevailing mood is one of seriousness encapsulated in world weary ballads like the brilliant \\"Dont wanna leave you know\\" which is a classic Hiatt break up song and a genuine beauty. He matches this excellence with the sterling \\"Hold on for your love\\" a slow burning acoustic lament full of lyrics telling a menacing story of the decline and the need for the anchor of tenderness. Hiatt's voice swells over a brooding conclusion and its clearly one of the finest songs he has written in years. Others worthy of mention in dispatches are the echoes of Little Feat in \\"Train to Birmingham\\" and \\"Adios to California\\" which contains the line of the albums title and which could show some of the new alt country crowd a thing or to. The concluding track is Hiatt's retrospective look back at the still resonating events of 9/11 entitled \\"When New York had her heart broke\\" a very atmospheric and slow building song chronicling his reaction to events he witnessed on the day. To some it might seem just another homeland patriotic reaction but Hiatt's uncertainly plays a key part in the song lyrics and despite the sentiment that New York will rise again he admits \\"I was there that day/ and I dont know what to say\\". It is possibly up there with Springsteen's \\"My city in ruins\\" as one of the finer musical reaction to a a truly terrible event.<br /><br />John Hiatt is never going to depart too far from his core purpose and fundamental mission which is to simply write powerful albums sung with real heart and infused with impeccable musicianship. He probably recognises by now that this formula will probably never lead him to overly trouble the charts but for a man who wrote his greatest album without a record deal he will undoubtedly live with the shame! Hiatt has build up a formidable body of work over 20 albums which rank him as one of America's greatest musical exports. In the last analysis there are no great departures on this album and indeed it nicely compliments 2010s excellent \\"Open Road\\" with many of the timeless themes it pursues. \\"Dirty Jeans\\" is a very fine album and while its not quite up there with his masterpiece \\"Bring on the family\\" is still shows that in the roll call of American music John Hiatt remains frimly ensconced in the upper reaches of the Premier Division from where he is never likely to be dislodged.mly ensconced in the upper reaches of the Premier Division from where he is never likely to be dislodged.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|This is a great puzzle game. No over the top noises and music. I lost an hour the first time I started it up and have not been disappointed yet.  Great job!
B0034G4ORC|3.0|Unrealistic. Trained soldiers do not behave that way. Hollywood actors acting in a low budget movie act that way. You don't walk around with the scope view on, you only zoom in once you see the enemy. And it is difficult to hit targets if both you and they are moving, even if you have them in scope - you need to kneel with your rifle, stand, lie face down or stabilize it on any object you can find. Google shooting positions. You need to crouch and peek around corners first before entering rooms. You can't rush into rooms shouting \\"US marines\\", \\"US marines\\". The soldiers talked and shouted to each other during combat! No scouting, plus they rarely hid behind obstacles... $78m. Get professional soldiers to help advise you. The movie was somewhat better from 40min and on.
0307716511|4.0|This tale from first-time novelist Rosamund Lupton is something she's pulled off with flair and not just a little dexterity.  She interweaves and balances three threads here: our protagonist/hero, Bea, recounting doomed sister's Tess's final days (I'm not spoiling the story - Tess's death is the book's entry point); Bea's attempt to unravel the \\"what happened\\" (she pays no credence to the official stamp of suicide as cause of death); and Bea's increasingly labored attempts to detail the past couple of weeks to the police's Mr. Wright.  Not only does the author keep it all straight, the book dispenses with any need to announce a jump with any note of time and place.  You simply figure it out.  It's a nice feat.<br /><br />The book's cinematic quality is not by happenstance: Ms. Lupton is, by trade, a scriptwriter.  Those bones clearly come into play here.  It's a taut thriller with the scenes - angles, dialog, setting - all well thought out in the author's head.  It won't take much adapting to get this one ready for the screen.
B005CMSDLE|5.0|Very, very impressed with this film at the cinema. Great visuals, good acting and an excellent plot. Strangely I've never completed watching any of the Bourne films but this film gives me the incentive.     I think Saoirse Ronan is going to be one of the leading actresses of the future.     Recommended. If you're not sure of purchasing you can always use Instant Video or Netflix.    Cheers
0385523394|4.0|Our book club chose this book on a whim.  It is one of the better books that I have read this past year. I had no idea about prison life, and Piper was so humble and inspiring in the way she explained her experience.  I highly recommend this book.
0553801473|5.0|This was another great book by George Martin.  Cannot wait for the next one to find out what happens next.
B003K1EYM6|1.0|I keep getting this error no matter what Flash Drive I'm using: \\"The attached USB device is not supported\\"    I tried different formatting for Flash Drives but no luck.    Typically Apple support: \\"You may also be able to use some USB audio/MIDI devices with the iPad Camera Connector.\\", but they don't tell you what brands are supported.  Yeah, buy our super expensive crap that doesn't work.    Why there is not USB port on iPads? So Apple can charge you for the aforementioned crap, usually a standard on any devices.    If you trying to use an USB Flash Drive on your iPad forget about it! Get a PC. iPad sucks bad.
B004UID2LC|5.0|it used to be awesome but now it will not let me download anything. I guess somebody stopped illegal downloading from this app...it sucks cause it used to work GREAT. oh well. I can live without videos on my phone.
B0012Q732O|5.0|A cave man love story. About a man trying to save his people. He didn't know he had it in him. But when the woman he loves is one of those people he fights long and hard for her. Along the way he helps other tribes save their people from being slaves.
0345529057|5.0|These books are addictive. I am now a huge fan of a Song of Ice and Fire and the deal on this book set can't be beat. Martin's usage of multiple points of views in different parts of the world makes it almost impossible to stop reading. As you get to the end of a chapter, you can't help but keep reading due to your curiosity of what is happening to that character. I highly recommend this book.
B004WESFZW|5.0|Aside from the DVD/BLUray/Digital copy combo pack being a great deal for the money, the movie itself is very cool. The idea of someone, or a group of people trying to control everything to fit a plan isn't new. The way it has been done here is pretty original.<br />I like how its one force against another but no one is trying to hurt or kill anyone.<br />I would like to see this movie made into a tv series from within the Adjustment Bureau. There is so much more I'd like to know about how they work things.<br />The other cool thing is that you can enjoy it with your lady cause its kinda romantic but at the same time there is a cool x-files factor to keep us guys interested as well. Nice balance.
B002N8A14M|5.0|The 5th Generation iPod is small and slippery and my wife exercises all the time so we needed protection. After looking at 100's of options online i decided to buy this strap and it was a good decision. It comes with a arm strap and a plastic case which is removable to clip onto your shirt or jeans when needed.
B005D9MUWY|4.0|PROS: I am amazed by how the predictions in this application work. Around 73%&#8211;80% of I type in 2-3 letters and already has the word that I&apos;m typing (English and Spanish). This is way better than the stock texting application.\nCONS: It doesn&apos;t have the keypad down button when you want the keypad to go away when finished texting. Sometimes the auto spaces can get annoying, but that&apos;s a rare. \n\nI have to say this is a great replacement for the stock application. The application has to be experienced for full details.
B003V5HWWA|4.0|My daughter of 4 years watch this movie the other day and enjoyed it very much.  Story seems a little old to me but she likes Jasmine very much and would watch her many times over so it was a very good investment of $1.99 for us.  Nothing shocking to beware of as parents overall fine watch for a young girl.
B004GYY714|5.0|I listen to my favorite radio stations 12,000 miles away from a city that gave me the first 24 years of my life and the best years of my life. I could't be more thankful to the guys who gave a soulful meaning to my android devices.
B003YL4LYI|2.0|If the next book were ready to go, this (and the previous) would perhaps even be perceived positively, by those of us with time and patience.  OK as background if something were available to move on to... Otherwise, just irritating.
0316069353|5.0|Very nice reading, a page turner as it is expected from this kind or litterature. The Haller books are getting better and better as the Harry Bosh tend to become much less interesting.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|This app ate my dingo. Would download again. A +++++++++++ twenty word minimum. on the internet. Submit ok fine seriously its a good app.
B003VANOFY|4.0|People that can't get this working and blame it on the OS need to look at there hardware then (like there MB). Because I have tested this on Windows XP, 7 ultimate x86 and x64 and this headset works on all my systems even on a 90's laptop. Anyway about the headset itself.    Fits great and does a great job of keeping out sound. I use mine when I mow my yard, all I hear is the music, but yeah it starts breaking up about 100ft away, but comes back as you get closer. I like the volume controls on the side and the switch for going from stereo 2.0 to virtual 7.1. Blu-Rays and music sound amazing on these things, but I have noticed in some games, if I have it in 7.1 mode I can't hear all the voices, but a quick flick of the switch on the side fixes all that. I recommend them to any gamer or anyone who only wants to hear what they want and hear it good. Love being able to have full surround nice and loud at night when everybody is asleep, the highs are crisp, mids clear and bass is very good for headphones.    I just wish they were Bluetooth as well. Aside from that the only other gripe is that there is a tic or pop sound once in awhile, but its rare and I have went days/weeks without it happening, guess its just because its RF.
B004SL6OBQ|5.0|This is a great soundtrack. You definitely want to buy the whole album because the best songs are only available when you buy the whole album. My kids are 6 & 3 and they love it. They love dancing to the songs on this album.
1594744769|4.0|The beginning of this book is creepy as all hell, but once you get past the half-way point, it seems to downgrade itself from a potentially world class nightmare-inducer to a cuddly, whimsical young adult story.  I have mixed feelings about this.  The detail and the photos (yes, they're real) promises to be one of the best horror story premises I've read in recent years.  But then, when the turn occurs and the genre changes, I'm not sure whether I'm horrendously dissapointed at not being scared stupid, relieved that I'll be able to enjoy the next few nights' sleep, or (after my mind violently shifts gears) pleased to enjoy a completely different style of book.  This has \\"series\\" and \\"future film adaptations\\" written all over it, but the question remains: Will it appeal to the post-Potter kids or the found-footage horror crowd?
B004YXE438|5.0|This is a very clean application with great graphics and easy touch control. The multiple difficulty levels assures everyone will find a compatible challenge.  Definitely worth the price.
B000002GGU|5.0|Following directly on the heels of [[ASIN:B000002GCX Cuts Like a Knife]] Bryan Adams was at the position of being a huge star. And that is basically what happened with this album. Much as with the music of Michael Jackson,Prince,<br />Bruce Springsteen and Tina Turner during this period it very much represented the 80's \\"hit parade\\" style rock album where the production was rather big and slick and the hooks had a huge premium. The thing that made it all work for Bryan Adams is that he stuck to his guns here by keeping his rhythm section (as opposed to heavy orchestration) the key part of this music here. The sound is bigger and brighter than before but he's still on solid ground with his whole style. Beyond keeping his guitar based style intact,difficult in a time when every genre was dealing with a struggle between style and substance there's another element here that makes this album and connects strong to that: this is an album which really let's itself rock.<br /><br />  Songs such as \\"One Night Love Affair\\",She's Only Happy When She's Dancing\\",\\"Someday\\",\\"Ain't Gonna Cry\\" and even the near speed metal style \\"Kids Wanna Rock\\" really make this clear. Usually a rock artist will take one variety of that music and stick by it for most of a whole album. On these tracks alone Bryan explores all around it from his own pop/rock flavors,to arena styled music and even near punk/metal at times. Bringing Tina Turner herself in for the more loud soul oriented rocker \\"It's Only Love\\" was not merely just throwing in a then big hit artist. The two have voices that sound very similar and their style couldn't mesh more perfectly than it did. Of course you just can't go into this without mentioning \\"Summer Of '69\\". It's Bryan Adams at his catchy mid 80's guitar rock best,being nostalgic without being corny as he remembers \\"the best years of his life\\" when,at age ten getting his first guitar. \\"Heaven\\" basically takes \\"Straight From The Heart\\" from the previous album one step further,which takes it to a more imaginative place lyrically.<br /><br />  Adams would continue his winning streak on through the 80's after this album. But this really sustained him throughout the middle of the decade musically. True it's a lot more commercially oriented than the last album. In fact it kind of acts as something of a Bryan Adams greatest hits album in it's own right. On the other hand it also says a lot about Bryan Adams,the guy who can write well crafted rock n roll songs. Doesn't sound like a big deal maybe. It a lot of times it's difficult to do both of those things without one end of it being sacrificed for the other. Here that never happens,even as the music goes from hard to soft. There was a lot of rock music of this era that was also just a little too stylized and didn't let the music really be itself. Somehow none of the production elements interfered with the music itself on this album and it's wound up one of the most enduring rock albums of the mid 80's as a result.previous album one step further,which takes it to a more imaginative place lyrically.                          Adams would continue his winning streak on through the 80's after this album. But this really sustained him throughout the middle of the decade musically. True it's a lot more commercially oriented than the last album. In fact it kind of acts as something of a Bryan Adams greatest hits album in it's own right. On the other hand it also says a lot about Bryan Adams,the guy who can write well crafted rock n roll songs. Doesn't sound like a big deal maybe. It a lot of times it's difficult to do both of those things without one end of it being sacrificed for the other. Here that never happens,even as the music goes from hard to soft. There was a lot of rock music of this era that was also just a little too stylized and didn't let the music really be itself. Somehow none of the production elements interfered with the music itself on this album and it's wound up one of the most enduring rock albums of the mid 80's as a result.
B001684L0A|4.0|I really don't find useful the reviews complaining about how much better the book was and how chopped, different, worse, incomplete (insert the adjective of your preference here) this miniseries is. I didn't read the book. I'm not gonna read the book, which must be fantastic I'm sure, but I simply lack the disposition to read it. I have thoroughly enjoyed the movie and I don't think there's anything wrong with that. Try to understand this is a different media and it would be impossible or impractical to include every single fact, anecdote and detail in the book. This is an adaptation and it should be judged as such. And that goes for all the books/novels taken to the big/TV screen as well. So what if Adams wasn't portrayed exactly like he was in real life? How can anyone know how he acted for sure? If the way he's portrayed differs from the book or other sources it shouldn't necessarily be viewed as something negative. It's a director's/Screenwriter's vision on the matter. Why not be open to an alternate version of what you knew? It's not an absolute truth, is a version of a passage in history.    As for the product itself is a miniseries of great quality in its script, performances, art direction. Laura Linney is fantastic in this. One of her very best performances. It looks incredible in Blu-ray. Good purchase!
B0052UZIFA|4.0|However the low quality graphics leave much to be desired. The app is not HD, so everything looks as if it is scrambled a bit. Worth the money.
B0000844M8|5.0|I love this movie!! And a true story. You will enjoy it!     5-stars all the way!
B001EC3JME|5.0|I use this for my Maglite XL50 and it works perfectly.  I hardly ever take the Maglite out of the holster because there usually is no need.  With the rotating clip I can aim the light and walk or work hands-free, and it holds the light tightly so there's no chance of it slipping out, although I can remove it from the holster without much effort.<br /><br />Since the fit is so snug, it's hard to believe that a larger, D-cell flashlight will fit in, but with some effort, I can get my Maglite 2D flashlight in there, and it's very secure. Don't expect to easily remove it, though.  I think this holster is actually designed for larger lights to not be removed during use.  That's the key.  If you are going to want to take your D-size light out of the holster frequently for use, this is not the holster for you.  It's designed to be a \\"live in\\" holster for hands-free use, not merely a flashlight carrier.  The rotating clip is strong enough to hold even large lights at any angle, so removal isn't necessary.<br /><br />This holster does exactly what it is designed to do, and it's perfect when you need your hands free while working or walking in the dark.  I plan to buy another one, and also one for my dad.
1594744769|4.0|Great book the pictures really brought the book to life. I had to keep reminding myself that the book was fiction not fact. It was a fun book to read and held my attention from the first page to the last. Looking forward to more.
B00005JMCN|5.0|Interesting characters, interesting time...Seabiscuit is considered a symbol here...a symbol of hope, in a country in which 1 of every 4 persons was out of work. A brilliant, but strange, horse-whisperer trainer; a former bicycle salesman who was smart enough to get into auto sales when the going was good; and a poor boy with red hair who likes to ride horses.  The story practically writes itself.    Seabiscuit's story is interesting. He ran until he was 7 years; started 89 times, but won only 33. At two, he started 35 times, but won only five times. At 3, he started 23 times and won only 9 times. He didn't start blossoming until his 4 year old year, when he ran 15 times, won 11 and was out of the money only once.  But those first two years throw a monkey wrench in his statistics. Who knows how many races he would have won if he ran only 9 races at 2 and 3, like many horses do today, instead of 35 and 23? Makes me wonder....    To spot inaccuracies...the most significant one that I could find was the large height difference that the film made between War Admiral and Seabiscuit. Seabiscuit was small, a 15.2 hands, bony, but they made War Admiral look like his Daddy, Man o War, who was a large horss. In fact, War Admiral WAS NOT the same size as his sire, but was just about the same size as Seabiscuit, 15.3 hands. But I suppose it made Jack slaying Goliath more impressive than beating a horse the same size as himself.
B005D9MUWY|5.0|This is amazing. By using my habits in facebook and gmail it doesn&apos;t just predict what word I am typing, but often knows the next word in a sentence, before I hit a key!
160094048X|4.0|This is a great cookie book with a wide variety of flavors/types of cookie.      I have enjoyed the recipes I've made; if I waited until I'd made them all to review I'd never leave one!  (I count 81 recipes; must be 100 including all the variations.  I have made 9 or so.)    I have made:     Chocolate chip   Chocolatey crinkle  Snickerdoodles  Mocha mamas (once with AP flour and once with their Gluten Frida mix)  Mexican hot chocolate snickerdoodles (once with AP flour and once with their Gluten Frida mix)  Hazelnut fudge dreamies  Key lime shortbread rounds  Gingerbread cutout cookies    (There may be a couple more I'm forgetting...)    Positives:    The flavors and textures have all worked pretty well for me.      The Gluten Frida mix is wonderful, I use it in all kinds of things.  I use it in all the Vegan Cupcakes Take Over the World cupcakes with no problems.  I prefer to sub sorghum flour for some of the quinoa flour to reduce the \\"grassy\\" smell.  As mentioned in the book the GF versions of cookies will not spread like the wheat flour ones, but overall I have had huge success with this mix. I did have a few trays of cookies come out a bit dry, so watch your baking time and temperature even more carefully when doing gluten free.    Recipes:    I usually reduce the heat in the Mexican hot chocolate snickerdoodles because I am a wimp, but everyone else I've fed them to loves them, and said I could even go spicier. I'll guess I'll have to make separate \\"wimp\\" batches for myself!    I thought the mocha mamas could use a touch more coffee flavor, but they are very tasty, and soft yet with a good bite to them.      I thought the snickerdoodles were perfect!  I hate \\"snickerdoodle\\" recipes that are just regular sugar or \\"butter\\" cookies with cinnamon.  A proper snickerdoodle has a different texture.  As soon as I saw cream of tartar in the recipe I had hope they'd come out right!  It has a crisp, chewy outside, which gives way to a soft almost creamy inside, coated with crunchy sugar & cinnamon on the outside.  (I saw another review mention it so I just have to say - spices do not belong mixed into snickerdoodle dough!  no no no no!)  These are the real deal.     The key lime shortbread rounds had a nice shortbread texture and were deliciously tangy.    I made the gingerbread cutouts for the holidays and they were well received.  They are a little crispier than the gingerbread cookies I grew up making, but very tasty and as a bonus the dough is easier to work with.    I could write a book about how good the hazelnut fudge dreamies are.  If you are looking for a Fancy Cookie to knock some socks off, this is your buddy.  The only downside to them is they are kind of a lot of work, versus throwing a dozen cupcakes in the oven.  They are well worth it though!      --Rather than scooping dough as suggested, I like to form the dough into a log and chill it, then slice and bake.  It's faster (other than the chilling time, which you can do something else during anyway) and also easier for me to get 1) evenly sized cookies to make pairs for sandwiching, and 2) thinner cookies so you don't get too-much-hazelnut-not-enough-fudge.      --That fudge filling is amazing.  There's a recipe note that you can make truffles out of any extra - sometime skip the cookies and just make truffles for the yum of it!      --This recipe also makes perfect Macadamia Nut White Chocolate Fudge Dreamies! Substitute ground macadamia nuts for the hazelnuts, and vegan white chocolate for the chocolate.  Do not add all the liquid to make a white chocolate fudge filling, though; the first time I got more of a glaze than a filling, but they were still delicious!  If I come up with a perfect white chocolate fudge adaptation I'll post a comment.        Negatives:    I do find some of the cookies to be oily, even after baking and cooling.  Now I always under-measure the oil and am trying to make notes in the book for what measurements I like better as far as oil goes.The chocolate chip cookies are the main offender here.  They are tasty. They just aren't... perfect.  These are better than other recipes that I have had come out very crunchy, they just don't have that perfect balance of chewy, crisp edges, not TOO soft.  The flavor is good I'm just looking for a very particular texture.  They do make great ice cream sandwiches with some homemade vegan ice cream!       ....The hazelnut fudge dreamies are so good I can't seem to get around to trying any more recipes now, but I don't know that that counts as a \\"negative\\"!    I'll probably stick with veganizing my old recipes for chocolate chip, oatmeal, & PB cookies (childhood favorites, most subject to extremely picky personal preference!)  but for new flavor combinations, finicky textured cookies that are trickier to veganize, and cookie types I never baked much in the past (shortbreads, biscotti, etc.), this book can't be beat!
0385341679|5.0|I have to say that I absolutely loved this book!  It was a great way to tie everything up, but it made me want more Barron and Mac.  I don't believe their story is over.  And if there's more, which I hope there is, I will be one of the first people to buy it and spend a whole day, or two if need be, to read it.  LOVE IT!!!!!
B004EPYZZ8|5.0|I am not saying its the best movie ever just that you will walk out inspired yet its afun movie, great job!
B000PMLFRA|1.0|First, Lucas said he was remastering the original films for sharper picture and sound with maybe a few deleted scenes added in. What we got were more than a few rewrites, cutting scenes, rearranging them, and the character-altering blasphemy of Greedo shooting first in the most absurd cowtow to the \\"helmet generation\\" (can't let these kids ever be hurt or upset!) since the police in ET traded their shotguns for radios (which would no doubt be the government response if an alien ran loose in the states).    When they finally came to dvd, Lucas continued to refuse to restore the originals without including his alterations, claiming they didn't have copies anywhere. Instead, we got the same absurd changes of earlier with even MORE tinkering to bring the movie in line with his inferior prequels, including ridiculous voiceovers, CGI overwrites, and senseless musical changes that already sound as dated as the numbers they replaces (Jabba's palace).    Somehow, despite his claims of not having any copies, he was able to respond to fan pressure and release the originals. In a nice passive-aggressive FU to those fans though, he refused to remaster them at all or  make it anamorphic/widescreen, instead trying to deliberately make his edits look more impressive by giving the only choice of originals a tiny, grainy screen presentation.    Now here's the bluray... same butchered versions. Will he cave and give the originals on bluray again this time? Who knows, but I'm off this ride. Even though my DVD copies of the original lack widescreen or sharp sound and picture, they easily are superior to a bluray of his hack edits. Maybe he will soften with age and present a remastered version of the original films (like Coppola did with the Godfather) on bluray for all of us. Until then, I'm saving my money for something better.
0316056863|5.0|Reading this book was like listening to Tina Fey in person.  Her style of comedy comes through perfectly in writing.  Fey is one of the most underrated comedians of our time.
1582701709|3.0|I get it. Law of attraction. Got it.   If you want to really get a bang for you buck, check out the book Live Like A Fruit Fly.   No secret there.
0316044695|3.0|If you removed the gratuitous, Fox News-like political rants, and judiciously edited about 25% of the text, you would still have a jaw-dropping action/adventure story....    With that said, we've just learned about another trajedy: 30 special operations warriors(including 22 SEALs)have perished in a shot-down Chinook in Afghanistan.  When are we going to wake up to reality?    If you haven't seen it yet, watch the Sebastion Junger and the late Tim Hetherington's film RESTREPO[[ASIN:B0042KZJIM Restrepo [Blu-ray]]]    ....then call your elected officials and beg them to STOP THE INSANITY!!!    Whatever we think we're doing in Afghanistan, whatever people say, it's NOT working.  God help us!
B004EDQ5PI|5.0|Timothy Dalton is off the hook as the Villian in this episode. The whole cast of Chuck is center stage  as there are plenty of laughs and suspense galore.
B0053Q9DHW|5.0|I loved this version of the movie. My all time favorite has to be the Joan Fontaine and Orson Welles version and this one is just as good.  I loved the way it was filmed; the sequencing and the flow of the movie were perfect. The two actors gave fabulous perfomances. I really couldn't have asked for more. I was VERY hesitant to watch the movie; I've seen Pride and Prejudice ruined quite a few times but this is wonderful.  Watch it. You'll be glad that you did.
B004DHSF7Q|5.0|Great action fight scene and we get to see how much Sarah loves Chuck and what she will do to   show that love, absoluely amazing! This episode falls into the action/drama genre, no comedy here but thats alright.  Chuck falls into its own genre blending action-comedy-drama-romance-suspense-scifi-thriller. U might get one, a couple or  a blend of them all. Chuck is unique, I havent seen a show like this in 55 years, period! I've loved all 4 seasons,   I love the story, I love the characters. Some didnt like Season 3 but it all contributed to the Chuck story. I've watched every episode of each season at least 4 times and I keep on picking up something different each time which lends to the understanding of the whole story. It helps when you're retired.
B000002HEP|5.0|Welcome To Sky Valley by Kyuss is an absolutely classic record, beyond influential and a cornerstone of the entire genre.<br /><br />Kyuss expanded their vision on this 1994 release and added acoustic moments and quitter sections into their trademark virtuosic, 70s tinged desert/stoner style. The riffs buzz happily in a warm way, beside John Garcia's enjoyable vocal style.<br /><br />Sky Valley is an utterly consistent album from beginning to end, there are no weak tracks and every song is essential listening for fans, from the rocking opener `Gardenia,' to the impressive closer `Whitewater.'<br /><br />Standout tracks include `Supa Scoop and Mighty Soop,' and `Demon Cleaner,' which are two of the best tracks the band have ever written, although the entire album is thoroughly enjoyable.<br /><br />Overall, Sky Valley is a brilliant record, with great sound, musicianship and songs. It is justifiably considered one of the best albums in the genre and I highly recommend that you try it out if you haven't already.
B00442SNAE|5.0|I want you to watch the episode so I'm not gonna ruin anything for you. I'm a Chuckaholic so maybe I'm   somewhat bias, but this was absolutly funny. Great special guest stars and Chuck back into action !
B004RE29PO|2.0|Question: What good is the color Teal? What great work of art has ever had a predominate Teal cast? What great photo? Do they even make Teal filters for cameras?   The answer is a resounding no.   And more importantly, did James Cameron use a Teal filter when he photographed the movie Aliens? Once again: The answer is a resounding no!  I saw this film many times in the theater and I can tell you that his film originally had a very pleasing Electric Blue tonality to it. This was its trademark color.  So why would the morons who remastered this alluring Electric Blue film  convert that living blue plasma to a bleak, cool greenish blue vomit color?   Currently there is a group of idiots in Hollywood who are taking unique films and draining all the life out of them with the accursed never before existing Teal filter.  I give this Blu-Ray 2 stars because this transfer is the clearest and sharpest the movie has ever looked, but it is painful to watch because of the crazy amount of bleak Teal vomit we are forced to endure.  This Blu-Ray is a total failure, don't buy it.
0307454541|5.0|grabs your interest right from the start. could not put it down..started installment 2 immediately upon completing this one. Did the same thing with 3rd installment.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|Great application.  Well worth the money for anyone who enjoys puzzles. Keeps the game fresh by increasing the number of goals and decreasing the resources at hand.
030726999X|5.0|the last installment of the trilogy is great.  again would recommend it to everyone. be sure to read the trilogy starting with installment one, the girl with the dragon tattoo proceed to installment 2,the girl who played with fire, then the last installment this one..
B003L77TZI|5.0|Don't usually like current pop.  But this is a fun group of songs-if a bit raunchy at times.  Still, enjoy it very much.
B0031QVW2U|1.0|I will try my best to break it down with out any biasness    Installation Instructions:  The pictures on the packaging doesn't clearly show you how to install it.  You would most likely go to Youtube to watch the installation procedures.  For this reason, I gave it one star.    Installation Ease:  Installing it is not easy.  This is where all the frustration and difficulty come in. At the time of installation, I had the Joey 1 and 2 as well as the buckle cover installed, but none of these mods restricted any part of the installation.  While it's firmly secure if you manage to hook both ends right, the headache mainly comes from the strap connectors at the end.    Usefulness:  Ultimately it's a just strap across the chest to stop the main strap from migrating.      Price Range:  I bought the BRAD for $19.94 through Amazon.      Additional Notes and Opinions:  I feel that its overpriced for a few buckles and strapping.  It does stop the strap from migrating to your back but seeing as you can bring it back to its original place from the camera weight, the BRAD's usefulness is diminished.
B004UID2LC|1.0|This app doesn&apos;t work. I installed it and it will search for videos but when you go to download something it says it is searching, but never downloads anything. it also will not play any of the videos either.
B00000ITOY|5.0|Both my boys have had a lot of fun with this simple learning toy.It is a hand me down from a cousin then through both my kids.I like that the wood seems to be dyed instead of painted.The color has NOT chipped like other wooden toys we have had in the past.
B001QOOCTE|4.0|Such a good project - gathering musicians from around the world to create collaborations with folks they've never even met. I like this one a lot, and the follow-up (Songs from Around the World) is good too. Something about the combination of no rehearsal, no need to be famous, no focus on personality cults, works really well for me.
B0055WRFKG|4.0|Great Movie! I got this tin box set for $24.96 from Walmart. How can these people charge so much here at AMAZON?
B003TJ4YUQ|4.0|Such a good project - gathering musicians from around the world to create collaborations with folks they've never even met. I like this one and the original \\"Playing for Change\\".
B004YEJGEO|3.0|This is a fun game with one exception, the controls.  Rotating the prisms, rather, selecting which light to rotate, doesn&apos;t work.  It&apos;s too frustrating to keep playing.  I can see the answers but the shoddy controls won&apos;t let me actually select it.
0756405890|4.0|!!THIS REVIEW CONTAINS MAJOR SPOILERS!!     A great young adult fantasy novel.  Although it is a little too full of cliche, I still enjoyed the book.  Even though I did like the book, I can also see where its detractors are coming from.  The story does seem to mimic Harry Potter in a lot of ways:   * Kvothe's parents are murdered by evil as was Harry's,    * Both go off to wizards school where they excel.   * Both meet their evil antagonist at school.    Still, it didn't detract from the story, I enjoyed Kvothe's time at the University.    Another flaw seems to be that Kvothe is extremely overpowered.  If I was asked to describe Kvothe I would tell the person to take Mozart, Isaac Newton, Brad Pitt, Thomas Edison & Bruce Lee and combine them into one person, that's Kvothe.  Some people may not be able to look past this \\"Mary Sue\\" or \\"Gary Stu\\" type of hero.      My main problem with the book was Kvothe's love interest, Denna.  Their forlorn relationship becomes tiresome.  Denna is, to all appearances, a high class prostitute.  It seems implausible that all of these rich and high class noblemen she dates would lavish gifts upon her for just her company. Rich & powerful men not use to being turned down would surely ravish a girl that has no family, body guards(Pimp?!) or money to protect her.  What makes this all the more absurd is the pedestal that Kvothe puts Denna on, that must at least reach to the moon.      Despite all this, it is an enjoyable read.  I particularly liked the magic system that has some plausible pseudo-science behind it.  I would highly recommend this novel to those that loved the Harry Potter series, I would not recommend this book to people that prefer gritty fantasy.
B000FC0OOU|3.0|This version of the book has been censored to the point where parts of the dialog are difficult to understand.  Anyone who is familiar with Hemingway should know to expect some profanity.  The book itself is very good.  I'm only about half way through it and I like the style; the pace tends to drag a little in places.
B0036S4CTS|4.0|\\"One Day\\" is my book club selection for this month.  I was actually very excited that this was chosen as I had been wanting to read it and thought it looked very interesting.<br /><br />Set in the UK (primarily Edinburgh and London), we meet our two primary characters on the night after they graduate from college.  Not knowing each other well, they spend the night and the following day getting to know each other and spend endless hours sharing their thoughts and ideas on everything.  This one day period is the foundation for a relationship that the reader follows over the next twenty years.  Each chapter is a description of where they are on each anniversary of their meeting.  We find out about their friendships, careers, and romances and follow the ups and downs of their lives.  It takes a bit at the beginning of each chapter to figure out who they are with romantically, what job they currently hold and what has transpired since the last snapshot we were given.  This device has been used before over the years and I usually enjoy it since I have to work a bit at the reading which keeps it interesting.  Dex and Em start out the novel as fresh-faced twenty-somethings.  Em wants to change the world and follows politics and social causes with a passion.  Dex is all about having fun and partying - textbook example of a total narcissist.  As the years go by, we see how they mature (or not) and what the passage of time does to their lives.<br /><br />The book is enjoyable and definitely has a screenplay flavor (think \\"Same Time Next Year\\") and I can see how this could be easily adapted for film.  The two primary characters are largely interesting and the events unfold at a pace that kept my interest.  I agree with other reviewers though that Dex is so unlikeable through most of the novel that I had a hard time really understanding why Em would put up with his antics.  My one complaint about the narrative is that he is needs to be a bit more loveable or have some endearing quality that we see to explain why Em stays connected.  He was a little too dark (and mean) for me to totally buy into the premise that anyone would want to remain in a relationship with him.<br /><br />While somewhat flawed in my opinion, it's introspective and interesting enough to be worth a read.we see to explain why Em stays connected.  He was a little too dark (and mean) for me to totally buy into the premise that anyone would want to remain in a relationship with him.     While somewhat flawed in my opinion, it's introspective and interesting enough to be worth a read.
0062060554|4.0|This is another of those times that I wish a half-star rating were available, for certainly this book deserves 4 1/2 stars.  But forced to choose either 4 or 5 stars and nothing inbetween, I must go with 4 stars.    Above all else, the plotting is terrific.  Starting a bit slow, but necessary to the laying the groundwork, this book quickly engages the reader.  And then just won't let go.    Christine wakens to a world years beyond her memory.  She soon learns that she has a brain injury that results in all short-term memory loss any time she goes into deep sleep.  Moreover, even her long-term memory has been affected -- sometimes she cannot remember anything beyond her early childhood.    Each day before she goes to sleep, she hides a journal.  Each new day, after awaking (and after her husband has gone to work), she receives a phone-call from a man claiming to be a psychologist who directs her to the hidden journal she has no memory of.  She reads the journal and is brought up-to-date by its contents.    But who is who?  What is real?  She does not remember the man she awakens to every morning, this man who says he is her husband, this Ben.  She does not remember this psychologist.  She does not remember having children.  She does not remember the deaths of people she loved.  What has happened?  What is happening?    Diary/journal books can often be tedious.  S. J. Watson's book is ingenious and engrossing.  Not only has she created an unreliable narrator, but an unreliable universe.  Each time the narrator is certain that she now has a fix on something, her certainty is so powerful that the reader shares that conviction.  Then a few pages later, the certainty is shattered and the reader is shocked.    An energy is created by Christine's growing grasp of reality, or Truth, a grasp that extends right to the very end of the book.  Few readers will put this book down early.    All of which is good.  What is disappointing is the book's transformation from novel to thriller.  For the first half of this book, the genre would have been novel -- a thrilling one, but a novel nonetheless.  In this part, characters are shaped and we come to see them as three-dimensional, real human beings -- every one of them matters to us.    But then, the exigencies of a thriller come into place, decisions need to be made by the character that advance the thriller part.  One small example that won't take away from your enjoyment:  Christine is told she has had a novel published.  She must wait some time to find out if this is true.  One character says she has never been anything but a secretray; another says she has been a successful author.  Why doesn't Christine just call the public library or a bookstore?  This kind of \\"numbness\\" happens all too frequently and is not consistent with Christine's character.  I can understand her not using a computer as her memory does not include their existence; but phones were part of her childhood and have always been a resource.  Likewise, libraries.  Too many of Christine's questions that plague her could be resolved with a five-minute phonecall.    So against the tidal pull of the plot is the unending irritation at the character (or the author) for not dealing with simple questions in simple manners.    This alone does not explain my reduction in stars.  That goes with the difference between novels and thrillers.  I will give novel's a certain tolerance that I don't give thrillers.  Thrillers are written to generate tension and that satisfy us by resolving that tension.  There is not sufficient satisfaction in the conclusion of this thriller to justify the amount of ourselves that we have given to the book.  Here we are, having read half the night, and suddenly the book is over, and we're saying \\"that's it, that's all we get?\\"    I'm not saying that there isn't an ending.  There is.  Nor am I saying that the thriller does not reach resolution.  It certainly does.  But there is a note of ambiguity that in a novel we might find acceptable, but in a thriller should not be there.  I gave all this concern to this character.  Now I want something more in return than what I was given.    Don't let me turn you away from this book.  It is well worth reading.  But when you finish, you might want to return here and say, \\"oh, yes, I know what he is talking about.\\"
0071762345|5.0|Likeable is a wealth of information for anyone working in Social Media or just getting started in the business. Proven tips for making your Facebook page more Likeable with real life examples.  Dave Kerpen works with Social Media everyday and shares his expertise.<br /><br />Step by step examples and doable tasks at the end of each chapter make this not only a fun book to read but also provide the skills needed to make a difference in your Social Media practices.
0385341679|5.0|I love the book, Shadowfever was full of excitement and made for a great ending to the Fever books. It left me wanting more from Karen Moning!<br />I love the relationship between Barrons and MacKayla. All i can say is that i want more!!!! Karen Moning is great and i loved all of her books.
B004YXE438|5.0|This does what it should.  You basically just flip and move around puzzle pieces like a real puzzle.  It&apos;s not really my favorite thing to do, but this is simple and a great phone game to keep kids happy and if you want to waste some time easily without getting too involved in something more intense.
B005FJ7DOM|4.0|This movie was very well put together considering that it is a Vampire/Zombie movie. Acting was spot on and the plot kept me interested. Four Stars!!!
0553386794|5.0|I am really blown away with this series I am on book 3 now and I just LOVE IT. the characters are so real and vivid. I love the way Martin has maps showing the towns and castles of the north and South. I am a little concerned however about how slow previous books have been written. These stories are so involved and intricate that if he takes several years to finish the series I will have forgotten the story line by the time the next book comes out. PLEASE write quickly george we will all be waiting for the next 2 books to complete the series that is if 7 books complete it as I have heard. I highly encourage you to read game of thrones. you won't regret it. Take your time and savor each page.
B0052WKZZ6|1.0|This \\"deluxe\\" edition has a missing beat at about 12:34 on part 4 which messes up the mood of the piece. I've read they're working on a repaired version; until you KNOW that what you're going to get is that repaired version, you should stay away.
B001TH16DI|4.0|The movies played well and it was interesting to see the the old technology compared to Star War or Transformers movies.  Service was good, I ordered and it was delivered the next day.  We took the set with us on vacation.  Watched them all.  It rained.    olmstead3
0345529057|4.0|I usually don't read books like this because I'm more attracted to motivational books. But I must say, I'm addicted to this series. Addicted! From the time I started the first book I can't put it down. I think they did a real good job with the HBO series as well. (My new favorite self help book is \\" Live Like A Fruit Fly \\" .. check it out)
0345522478|5.0|I gave this book a try after reading a few of the reviews and I just had to encourage other readers to do the same.  If you like urban fantasy, this is your read. Mr. Hearne has created a wonderful mash-up of mythologic gods, modern horrors such as vampires, werewolves and witches and fantasy creatures of all makes and molds. The protagonist druid Atticus is great and he tangles with all of the above, in one way or another. The storyline is crisp and the action moves you along...I couldn't put it down. Mix a lot of humor in with the action and I'm hooked.
B00008VGL6|5.0|Let me preface this by stating that unlike many of the other reviewers, I do not feel that this albums sounds very much like Depeche Mode at all. Yes, it's a guy from Depeche Mode, but if you can let it stand on it's own legs you'll find something different, but still good.  When I first heard the album, I did not realize that these were not songs Martin Gore had written, as he takes each one and makes it his own, adding his own little touches here and there. Some work better than others, Loverman drags on a bit long, Stardust is kind of depressing when you really think about it and Lost in the Stars sounds a bit too much like a Christian nursery song for my taste. It's a very \\"Gray\\" album- moody and sometimes depressing, but Martin has a voice that pulls it off in way perhaps other people could not, although it definitely sounds like he was depressed when he made it, but this could also just be because of his style of singing. Even if you are not a Depeche Mode fan, you may find that you like this album regardless because Martin Gore has a beautiful voice as has been showcased in far too few of the Depeche Mode songs, but as you can hear in the albums themselves he has a very forlorn sound to him and this album is no exception to that rule.  Most of the tracks have kind of an electronic edge to them, and this album is worth it for the track In My Other World, which sounds like something out of Twin Peaks and isn't exactly a wide-spread song as far as I can tell, which is a shame. But the treatment of it is just breathtaking. Even Das Lied Vom Einsamen Mdchen comes out fairly well even though it's in German, and German can be a hard language to sing and not come out sounding a bit severe/guttural (in my opinion). It's also worth it for Oh My Love which showcases a large range of Gore's singing ability.  If you need a solid album for a rainy or snowy day, this would be a great pick. Even if you don't like Depeche Mode, it might still be worth a listen if you like slower electronic style music and don't expect something soaring or in some way epic.
0312600844|5.0|I liked this book very much.  Though it was a little daunting to begin a 500+ page book about \\"relationships,\\" several parallels in the lives of the characters to my own quickly drew me in.  The characters were interesting, fully formed, realistic; there are no heroes or villains, though acts of villainy and heroism are scattered throughout.  I'm not a fast reader, but I finished it in about a week during a recovery from surgery.
1423113497|3.0|While I like the writing style and most of the plot of the Percy Jackson series, I find that for me the books were more addictive than actually good. Once I picked one up I just had to keep reading. One thing that I didn't like that most of the demigod's personalities were more defined by who their godly parent was than by anything else, but the other, non-demigod characters were actually pretty original and interesting. All in all, I would say that the book is entertaining and probably a good read-aloud for younger kids, but not to be considered a 'classic'.
B00004Z4WQ|5.0|this is a really funny movie click the add to cart button because youll be laughing your butt off the entire time (NOT FOR KIDS HAS NUDITY AND BAD JOKES AND CUSSING)
B0053Q9DHW|1.0|I have every Jane Eyre movie version available, as Jane Eyre is my favorite book of all time.  My favorite movie versions, in this order, are the Toby Stephens/Ruth Wilson and then the George C Scott/Susannah York renditions.  In these two versions you see the progression in the relationship and how they come to love each other, how they intrigue each other.  There is none of that in this movie.  I made the mistake of watching, again, the Toby Stephens/Ruth Wilson version a week or so before the viewing of this rendition.  And this one paled in comparison.  I had been so excited about a new version coming out, and ended up being so disappointed.  I never believed in Mia and Michael as Edward and Jane.  This movie needed more development time.  I asked my daughter and her friend to sit and watch this version with me and they both fell asleep, because it was so slow and boring.   I ended up apologizing to them for recommending the watching of it.  To me, there was no heart and soul in this version.   It was very lackluster.  In most versions, I myself end up falling in love with Edward Rochester -- not so in this one.  I know there have been complaints regarding the Toby Stephens/Ruth Wilson version, but please give it a try.  There is humor, passion and sparks aflying aplenty.  I will say that I did buy this version sight unseen, so as to continue my collection.  After seeing it, I wish I had not.  One reviewer said the movie was \\"bleh.\\"  I completely agree -- \\"bleh.\\"
B0006A9FKA|5.0|I wanted to see that movie for a long time. Since I am from Europe I might enjoy this movie more than the average american but I am sure they still find it a great comedy and a lot to laugh about.  It is almost if the Monty Phython group would have made a horror slash zombie movie. Just wonderful...
B0001ZMWQO|5.0|The copy I own is the extended version with the second disk with some interesting remixes and what I would assume to be B-sides. Really all of the songs are good, with a couple stand outs, such as the ubiquitous Take Me Out, This Fire or even the plucky 40'. The album itself is paced rather well the way it's arranged, and if it's your first introduction to the band than it's a good one. Much better than the second album, but clearly less studio slick than the third, it stands up to repeated listening and doesn't sound dated, unlike some other albums from that year, such as the one Strokes album (which, yes, the beginning of Take Me Out does seem to rip off a bit). It's also good if you like albums that don't engage in a lot of needless cursing to get the point across (this is great for me as a DJ because I could play any of these tracks and not bring FCC hell fire down upon me).
B004K4IZ54|4.0|I'm in agreement with most of the positive reviews and also some of the criticisms regarding shallow plot, etc. I thought this was a great movie for what it is with just a couple of technical complaints.    First, the cinemaphotography of this film (particularly in the cyber-world segments) is quite dark, as I'm sure it was intended to be. However, when viewing on my Samsung plasma TV with 3D glasses, it is almost too dark. I ended up flipping the picture setting to \\"Dynamic\\" and increasing the brightness to compensate.    Second, The dialog track is mixed way too low. Some of it is obscured by the music and effect tracks, requiring one to turn on subtitles to understand what was said. At times I would turn up the volume during quiet scenes to hear dialog, only to be forced to lower it again when the audio from my 1600 watt surround system would be in danger of causing my neighbors to call me up and tell me to please not play my movies so loud. :-)    Other than those quibbles, it's a great film and highly recommended.
B004LWZW4M|3.0|The movie was decent. The things i expected were: more violence, sci fi ideas presented, and more plot or complications. If i wanted to see animals interact, id watch animal planet. The movie was predictable, the franco character was not complicated, and the fight scenes were good, but not good enough. I expected the people to fight back better, or differently.
B004478GN8|5.0|To be a smaller lego set, this one is a lot of fun.  My 8 year old asked received it for his birthday and he really enjoys playing with it!
0670022411|3.0|People who love to read are prospectors panning for that precious story. This book may not be the biggest gold nugget ever dug up, but discovering each little piece of gold living within this book is enjoyable, thoughtful and even thrilling at times. This book is a nice find and the stories to come may be the bigger the gem. I'm looking forward to spending some time with future of this story.
B0041W56U2|5.0|This item is great for collectors of Twilight or Vinyl memorabilia.  The fact that the albums are red just increases the appeal.  Great sound on turntable as well.  Very pleased with this purchase.
B003EY7IRC|5.0|I have read all of Karen Marie Moning's books. I love the Mackayla series and I also love her Highlander series. Her books give me the opportunity  to go somewhere else , be someone else and forget the current troubles I am having. I have reread the Fever series many times just to relive the stories.
B00506NRBS|5.0|Couldn't believe all the takeaways and knowledge you can pack into a book of this size. Great read and highly recommended.
B003Y5H59W|4.0|The cons i see are that chris evans plays the main character and the plot is slow at the start. Chris evans is just some eye candy for the movie. I guess his name brings in more money for the movie, but i think captain america would benefit from some unknown male model actor. i complain that there wasnt enough story introduced. but if more was shown, id complain that it is all too compacted. the only con is that Evans should be the skinny person in the beginning.
1439156816|5.0|This is one of my first books I've read on writing (no pun intended), and I highly recommend it for a beginner. It has introduced me to many facets of writing that I had not known before, and it's all coming from a talented writer who is open about his mistakes. It will give you advice on writing, some new books to look into, and some remarks on how to better your chances at getting published. Through out the book, King does not come off high-minded at all, and in fact, quite the opposite. He seems to degrade his work. His honesty about his mistakes and rejections letters give some hope, as well. I highly recommend this, though, I cannot say my opinion holds any weight because it is my first book. So, if you are a first timer, it's worth a read.
B004EPYZZ8|5.0|Never has a movie inspired me the way Soul Surfer did. Talk about defying the odds-13 year old Bethany Hamilton loses her left arm to a shark attack while surfing and is back in the water in just three weeks! Remarkable,yes,but it was her faith in God that kept her going,even when she experienced times of frustration. Kudos to the producers for their excellent casting choices-everyone involved was wonderful. One performance I must comment on is that of Kevin Sorbo,who played Holt Blanchard,the man who saved Bethany's life. Although his screen time was limited,Kevin made the most of it,playing a man whose quick action and thinking made the difference and prevented almost certain death for Bethany,but at the hosptial,credited Bethany with keeping him calm and rational during that tense time. Dennis Quaid and Helen Hunt were great as Bethany's parents,whose faith never waivered throughout the whole ordeal. Carrie Underwood was good in her film debut. One minor quip I have is that there should have been some direct interaction between Tom & Holt since they are best friends,but that doesn't take away from the relationship shown between the two families and the support they show to Bethany and Alana. Most importantly,this movie shows that if you have faith in God,you can do anything! I wholeheartedly recommend it to everyone!
0345529057|5.0|The books were in very good shape when they arrived. The shipping was quick and I appriciated that. The only issue I did have with set was the outside coverbox was torn and slightly crushed in shipping. However, not much damage to the books except for a corner on the first one.<br /><br />Over all, it was an excellent purchase for the money and I happen to love Martin as a writer. I can't wait to delve into the newest book of the series.
B003HEWSZ6|5.0|Very useful item at very reasonable price.Its very small and compact for everyday carry.The carbide sharpeners provide very easy and quick sharpen and the ceramic will smooth and finish the edge.Its also came with diamond rod that use for bigger and thick knife.
0071373586|4.0|The book Positioning describes the approach to creating a specific and intended \\"position\\" in a person's mind as to how they perceive a particular product.  Positioning is about using an organized system for finding a window into the mind of the prospective buyer.  The authors cite strong examples of successful positioning and why it worked, as well as examples of bad positioning and what can be learned from such mistakes.      The authors point out that the best positioning approach to take in our overcommunicated society is the oversimplified message.  This advice is in relation to Seth Goden's analysis in his book All Marketers Are Liars.  Goden lists and expounds upon the nine aspects of a successful marketing story, one of which is that a great story happens fast.  In positioning a product, an oversimplified message is one that will also tell the positioning story very quickly.  A great example of this would be a billboard I saw in downtown Chicago while driving down a very busy freeway.  The billboard showed two hands holding an iPad.  Underneath the picture it simply said \\"iPAD\\" in large font, along with the Apple logo.  No specs listed.  No wordy messages claiming anything.  Just an oversimplified message that tells the story at a glance.  It positioned the iPad as a user-friendly, good-looking, elegant device that is designed for the consumer.  In an environment riddled with cluttered advertising messages, I thought it was a simple, powerful and effective way to position the iPad and grab attention.    In discussing line extensions, the authors point out that line-extension mistakes are made because the marketers fail to keep in mind that for every product there are two points of view:  one from the buyer (prospect), and one from the seller.  The Cadillac Cimarron is an example used of a line extension failure.  In the early 80's, Cadillac was viewed by the consumer as a big luxury car.  The U.S. had a gas shortage at the time, and GM wanted to combat thisby introducing a small Cadillac called the Cimarron.  This \\"mini-Cadillac\\" conflicted with the big-car position that Cadillac owned in the mind, which served to blur the position Cadillac originally occupied.  A similar example of a line extension mistake is the Porsche Cayenne, introduced in 2002.  The Cayenne is a five seat mid-size luxury crossover vehicle. Does this line extension fit with the position Porsche occupies in our minds?  When I think of Porsche, I think small, fast, good-looking high-performance sports car.  The Porsche Cayenne conflicts with, and blurs, the image Porsche occupies in my mind.  Recently I was shopping for a cordless keyboard and mouse.  The company that brought us the Windows operating system, Internet Explorer browser, and the Office software suite, now offers cordless keyboards and cordless mice. If you're into video games, they also offer the Xbox 360 gaming system.  Microsoft has blurred their position in people's minds by putting the Microsoft name on so many various line extensions.  The authors summarize the disadvantages of these types of line extensions:  \\"Line extension names are forgettable because they have no independent position in the mind.  They are satellites to the original brand name.  Their only contribution is to blur the position occupied by the original name. Often with catastrophic results.\\"  (pg. 116)    I like the rubber band analogy the authors use for a brand name.  They write that \\"A [brand] name is a rubber band.  It will stretch, but not beyond a certain point.  Furthermore, the more you stretch a name, the weaker it becomes.\\"  Recently a friend came over to the house with his seven year old son.  His son brought with him his John Deere bicycle.  I was surprised when I saw the bike.  \\"I thought John Deere made high-quality tractors?\\" was the thought that entered my mind. Is it a good idea for John Deere to extend their brand to bicycles?   The position John Deere occupies in my mind is that of a high-quality tractor manufacturing company.  Seeing the John Deere name on a small bicycle that's made for a seven year old caused confusion and cognitive dissonance towards the brand.  Not a wise strategy by John Deere.  In choosing a name for a product or service, companies need to be careful not to choose a name that has the potential to be dated (E.g. Esquire magazine), or too vague (E.g. Time magazine).  A magazine name that I feel is too vague is Wired magazine.  Is it a magazine for electricians? Is it about wires and electricity? Or is it about technology?  Does the Wired name pertain to the slogan of being \\"wired up\\"?   The answer is that Wired magazine is about how new and developing technology affects culture, the economy, and politics. Really?  I'm supposed to easily gather this information when I see the name \\"Wired\\" on the cover of a magazine?  A more effective name for the magazine would be something like Technology Today, Techno Universe, Technology World, or  Technology Culture.  I wonder how many potential subscribers Wired has failed to attract because of their lousy name.    One criticism I have of the book is that being originally written in 1981, many of the examples and technology mentioned are outdated, with even the so-called latest edition I read (dated 2001) did not have updates or revisions for much of the work that originally came from the 1981 edition. It would help to have an up-to-date revision applying today's applications and technologies to the positioning material being taught.      In conclusion, I liked the book, and thought it was enjoyable and informative.  To summarize, you can't be all things to all people and still hold a powerful position in their mind.  Two things must be kept in balance if a successful position is going to be established:  (1) A unique position with (2) an appeal that's not too narrow.
B001UV4XIS|3.0|it was hard to find the link to this movie. everyone searches for part one.<br />like i said, this is just another sequel for fans. while i sat through the first part, i was quite bored. but the action in the second half of the movie hooked me, so this movie might actually be decent. but not good. im not much of a movie fan. more of a book fan.
B004EPYZZ8|5.0|I am so inspired by Bethanys story!  She is truly amazing, my daughter and I can really relate to her.  This is a story of a girl who fought back thru the strength of God, and true determination, and she then found a new perspective or calling in her life!  She never gives up, I feel we could all learn something from watching her story.  Bethany caused me again to reevaluate my life.  Thanks Bethany!
B004ZZS4CC|5.0|Thank Jaycee for sharing so much detail.<br />She shares so much, and doesn't hide much, very honest.<br />At the end of each chapter, there's \\"reflection\\" where she write down more refined thought on what happened to her.<br /><br />This book may give nightmares, and really triggers a lot of hidden pain and fear.<br />However, some people may find this healing (therapeutic), especially if they also had some difficult childhood etc...
B0058VW36U|5.0|This is the best game i&apos;ve played yet. great levels, challenging as well. graphics are amazing and it plays great too. well worth $.99 is would buy it at $2. 99!  great game can&apos;t wait to see new levels.
B001HR5AIC|5.0|A great and inexpensive double-CD. I enjoy her music and it was nice to get both CDs in one box.
B000068FXR|5.0|So glad I got it. I had it in cassette in the 80's... One of the best Supertramp albums.
B004EPYZSK|5.0|What was bad is that Daniel is serious throughout the whole movie. he is meant to play james bond, not any other protagonist. Too bad Wild was not topless. quite disappointing. The alien design was good, but they seemed quite stupid. Too bad the cowboys couldnt steal more guns. Ship design is amazing.
B0015DROBO|3.0|Mystery novel by recently deceased Swedish writer, Stieg Larsson. The story behind the book's publication is almost as interesting as the novel itself. Larsson died when The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo and the final two books in the trilogy had been sent off to a publisher. After his death, a battle ensued between his long time live in girlfriend of 30 plus years (a common law marriage almost anywhere else) and his brother (whom he was not close to) for the rights to the work (and the proceeds). As it stands, I don't think the girlfriend is getting much of anything, but she is writing a book of her own about what life was like with Stieg Larsson.<br /><br />The book itself is a mystery. A financial journalist gets drawn into a decades old investigation of a missing (and presumed murdered) 16 year old girl. Complicating matters is the history of the family: a rich industrialist clan whose members largely hate each other. On the day of the girl's disappearance there was a car accident that closed down the only accident to Hedeby Island. Where could the girl have gone? If she was killed, where is the body? There was a limited number of people on the island that day, and yet they all seem to have an alibi.<br /><br />The murder mystery plot is quite good. I want give you any spoilers. But rather than just fun, the subtext of the story is violence against women - indicated both in what is uncovered as the story goes along, and Larsson's section headings (all of which list statistics about violent crimes against women in Sweden). In addition to wanting to write a page turner, Larsson wanted to raise awareness of a very real issue in Swedish culture.<br /><br />Why only three stars? While I thought the plot was great (especially about 200 pages of the 620 pages in), and the dialogue was interesting, I never really connected with the characters. Perhaps they weren't sympathetic enough. Perhaps I operate from too different a worldview. I never felt like I understood where the main characters were coming from, or why they would decide what they would decide. It was still interesting, but it left me with a disconnect to the book.<br /><br />Additionally, there were several depictions of violent rape in the story. While I'm sure Larsson included this in an attempt to call attention to how heinous these crimes are against women, I found these pages terribly uncomfortable to read. I believe the fierceness and the horror of the crimes could have been depicted by describing the long-term affects on the victims and their families without a blow by blow account of the attacks themselves. This I'm sure is a point of debate, but I'm writing the review - so there's my opinion.<br /><br />Not sure if I'm sufficiently motivated to read the next two novels.e coming from, or why they would decide what they would decide. It was still interesting, but it left me with a disconnect to the book.     Additionally, there were several depictions of violent rape in the story. While I'm sure Larsson included this in an attempt to call attention to how heinous these crimes are against women, I found these pages terribly uncomfortable to read. I believe the fierceness and the horror of the crimes could have been depicted by describing the long-term affects on the victims and their families without a blow by blow account of the attacks themselves. This I'm sure is a point of debate, but I'm writing the review - so there's my opinion.     Not sure if I'm sufficiently motivated to read the next two novels.
0385341679|5.0|I finished Karen Marie Moning's Fever Series. 5 books in all (hope she continues it). It took me just as long to read the 5th book (Shadowfever) as it did the the first 4 combined. It had me on an emotional roller coaster. I have never read a series that tossed me around emotionally as this one did. One minute I would be cracking up laughing at it, the next it would have me in tears. I loved it. For those that haven't read it yet I highly recommend it. The relationships that evolve between the characters will keep you riveted. You never know until the very end who is really who or how anyone is going to behave to the situations presented while searching for the Sinsar Dubh. I read somewhere that she intended for the series to have only 5 books in it, but I feel like she left enough open at the end to possibly continue the story later if she wanted to. I certainly hope so! This is a story I can re-read several times and never get tired of it.
0553584537|2.0|The book starts out promisingly, with a taut and suspenseful chapter about a sniper in a dangerous situation with an abusive husband threatening his wife and child. And for a while, I thought it might be a good read, but it became sillier and sillier, with paper thin characters.  I just couldn't feel anything for them or even get a grasp on them. Also, the story became more outrageous with every page.  I can see why people liked it, but it's a shallow, quick read, a la James Patterson.
B0050PYNN0|5.0|David Gordon Green and Tim Orr have been making beautifully photographed films since George Washington (the film, not the dead President).  Tim Orr's camera work just keeps getting better and better.  The man is a marvel.  Watch out for the absolutely lush scenes in this film.  They are breathtaking.    Green is still a great director, although I wish he would make a few more films like Snow Angels instead of stoner comedies.  But, hey, Pineapple Express is a classic and this one is pretty funny as well.  So, who can argue with success?
B004K4AVAG|2.0|loved her last 2 albums, so maybe my expectations were set too high. felt the strength of the fame monster -- ie., catchy, danceable riffs -- was mostly missing here. i found many of the songs flat . . . and just sorta weird. \\"judas\\" was one exception, and even that song was IMO only so-so compared to some of her earlier work. i got that she was trying to be creative with the 80's stuff (the one success was \\"edge of glory\\") but it didn't really work for me. won't be listening to this much.
B005D9MUWY|2.0|Though there are many great features w\/ this keyboard, I am just so used to swype &amp; NOT having to pick up my finger or stylus that using this was terribly uncomfortable for me....maybe a swype type feature in a later release of this app will let me try it again in the future :)
0553801473|4.0|I started reading A Song of Ice and Fire when the third book came out. This was in 2001. Since then I have patiently waited five years for the Feast and another six for the Dance. This book is definitely not my favorite of the series, the Storm of Swords is, but it is a good book to read and adds a lot to the story. When I picked it up a few weeks back, it took me a while to get into it, because I forgot most of what happened before. I had to keep going back to the synopses of previous four stories and always looking on the maps. I was also not connected the characters as much, since it has been 11 years since I last read about Tyrion and Jon. However, after a few days, I was happily back in the world of Westeros and was always looking forward to reading more every night. For me, reading these books is like reading history books. You learn about lives of different people in strange, foreign lands, while picturing yourself living amongst them. This is not a murder/mystery book, where you have to find out who the killer is. A lot of people complained about the slow progression of the plot, but I was happy with it. Otherwise, there would be nothing left for the last two book. I have read a lot of books lately and this one definitely stands out. I think that if this was a stand alone book, and not part of the series, it would have been rated higher. The low score, in my opinion, is because the other books were so good.
B004YXE438|5.0|Beautiful and full size pictures/puzzles on my tablet (running Honeycomb 3.2).  It is intuitive and easy to play.  I didn't get this app for excitement, but rather because I enjoy puzzles.  The developer didn't put in unnecessary permissions.  To top it off, it was free!
B004LROMWU|5.0|Serious without being grim, uplifting without being saccharine, \\"Falling Skies\\" dares to image what feature films will not! A world in which Will Smith or Aaron Eckhart did not bring down the mother ship in time. This time, aliens are setting up shop around the world, building huge metal structures over all the major cities.<br /><br />Quickly I was taken in with this show, on the edge of my seat wanting more.  I cannot wait until the 2nd season, and the first on DvD!  I believe this will be the new Sci Fi,  that \\"SyFy\\" fails to deliver these days.  Watch! Watch! Watch!  ....and buy the DvD,  you won't be disappointed.
0385341679|5.0|Because,I REALLY did not want the story to end.  I ABSOLUTELY LOVED this series!!!!!! But, Shadowfever was the cherry on top with extra really HOT fudge as a bonus! The whole story line of the series is great! Please, can't we have another book in this series? I miss all of the characters so much! Even the Machalo 5.0!
B005FJ7DOM|4.0|The costume FX aren't all that good though; the vampires look like clowns turned meth-zombies.  But the storyline & action is entertaining.
B001DU8T6I|5.0|I'm a 23 year old female. Not a 13 year old Disney troll. I am not picky when it comes to music (I am one of those people who truly enjoys \\"everything\\"). What I do care about, however, is raw talent. Demi Lovato has that. Wow, girlfriend can sing. How is she not more famous? Lovato far surpasses her peers in terms of vocal ability and songwriting. I hope that she continues on her path to recovery and continues to make music like this. This is one of those albums (and they don't come around a lot!) that I can listen to all the way through without skipping a song. Some upbeat, some more somber. EIther way, her voices shines through. Bravo Demi!!!
B003EY7IRC|5.0|While I am sad to find that Shadowfever marks the end of a series I have enjoyed time and time again, I found it to be very well written. I dont want to give away any spoilers, so a in depth review is out of the question but I will say this.. Read it, even if it means taking a day off from work. If you enjoyed the previous books of the fever series, you will not be dissapointed!       Mac has encountered trial after trial throughout the fever series and once again she has come through shining.  She has endured so many different encounters from her first day in Dublin and the final book was more than I have ever expected from any author.  I constantly find that after reading a series, I am let down by the last book, not this time!  Karen Moning has done it again and left me wanting more, even if it is through a different series.  I have purchased the fever series for my Kindle and will continue to read the series over and over.  [[ASIN:B003EY7IRC Shadowfever: A MacKayla Lane Novel]]
B002SSUQFG|3.0|The Seiko SNK809 brought from Amazon is a nice little number but I never connected the winding mechanism with my health condition. The watch needs lots of arm swing  motion to keep it wound up  but with the limited motion in my arm it stopped every night. I should have known better!
0553801473|2.0|When I heard the 5th book was finally being released, I re-read the first 4.  My boys are old enough to enjoy a good grown-up story (but too young for rape after rape), so while reading books 1-3, I gave them updates on what was happening.  Everyday they eagerly awaited the next installment, and I enjoyed the storytelling, happy to have my two young teenagers interested in what I had to say.  Every chapter had at least something cool or interesting to share, not to mention the many surprises and twists to keep them begging for more.  I knew book 4 would be a challenge, but told the boys to hang in there - I was sure that George had listened to his faithful fans and returned to the riveting storytelling of the first three books.<br />I don't have the words to describe my disappointment in this book, reading chapter after chapter and having my boys (and myself) ask, \\"what's happening?\\" and having to answer, \\"less and less\\".  After a while, they stopped asking.  This book felt like the yada-yada-yada Seinfeld episode.  If the editors took out all the yada-yada-yada, the book would be about 300 pages.  Even the last couple of chapters, which should be page-turners, were full of needless filler with a couple of events thrown in.  When I finally came to the end, I didn't even care to call the boys in for the latest update.  How sad.
1934030198|5.0|Read this book and see how much goes into Tri-Athelon training - This book takes a lot of the guesswork and initial effort out of compiling training schedules and such.  The Tri will take exponentially more planning and work to complete - its not just getting to the pool, getting on the bike and running - the planning that is involved in allowing the body to rest in sequence so as to do the workouts - that's where this book shines.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|can&apos;t say enough about this app. except for when people look at me funny when I am playing with this during church. saves me having to take a bible with me. the daily guide and downloadable versions make for quick search on the go. the thing will even read to you! super cool app.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|Fun game, very entertaining and addictive. only complaint is that it is sometimes inconsistent, like removing and replacing a prism is somewhat buggy, but it is easily fixable
030745455X|5.0|My wife bought me the 3 Larsson books while recuperating from heart surgery.  I was to rest and found that I didn't care about much of anything, other than reading the 3 books, in 6 days. By the time I was done with the series, I not only thoroughly enjoyed the books but was well rested.  I can't say enough about how great these books are.
B004T2QZL8|5.0|A friend showed me this game and I instantly fell in love with it. The user inerface is less chaotic and much more organized than Alchemy, with organized catagories that you can open and close to find elements quickly. Works like a charm on my Samsung Galaxy S (Mesmorize).
1594744475|5.0|I have a half-dozen bento box cookbooks and the layout on this one is one of my favorites. The left side has a full page color photo of the finished bento under the title and time to make (neat feature). The right side has all the directions for making each item, as well as any suggestions for changing the recipe a bit, small pics to go along with how to assemble,and general ideas and comments.<br /><br />The front has several pages on things you can use to decorate your bento and I appreciate the reminder that specialty items aren't always needed.<br />There are 2 pages on the faces with small pics of different things you can use for each part (i.e.  heads - rice ball, hamburger bun, hard boiled eggs, omelette) on the first page and the second page is divided by ingredient such as veggie or sesame seeds, and have pics showing various ways to use them in your box (i.e. veggies- \\"Corn kernals make cute noses, beaks or flowers; lettuce keeps different foods seperated; broccoli and cherry tomatoes are a pretty way to fill up a bento box.\\" with pics of a corn beak, corn and pea flower, carrot star cutouts on broccoli trees, and small corn on cob and broccoli floret as sides and \\"fillers\\".<br /><br />It also includes a few extra recipes at back with a (wonderful) shopping guide for those who are new to bento and want to know some places to look to find the items you see here and in other cookbooks and blogs. There is also a metric conversion chart for those needing it. A page for common terms that you may be learning or not familiar with yet is also provided!<br /><br />If you're looking for a bentobook with ideas that are easy, don't take too long and kid friendly then I recommend this. It IS adorable, so if you want meals that don't use characters and try to be cute then you might look at another book. I feel the price I paid was worth it as it has an easy-to-use layout with large color pictures of each bento plus the help pages in the book on bentos, accessories, and terms. Definately recommend and worth 5 stars for me.and worth 5 stars for me.
B0052UZIFA|2.0|This could be an excellent game if the developers would update it. I am running on my g2x and it would often freeze during game play. That is absolutely garbage coming from a phone that is considered &quot;high-end&quot; in graphics and specifications compared to the iPhone 4. It takes a little while to load, or doesnt load at all. It might be the developers part or the rom I am running on. Ugh. Please update, but for now I&apos;ll continue playing on my boyfriend&apos;s iPhone for this specific game. \n\nT-mobile G2x CM7 2.3.4 Nightly
B004YXE438|5.0|great game to play I wouldn&apos;t buy any of the game but this game because you seem like a great game it was fun beautiful pictures
B004YXE438|5.0|Got this as Free App of the Day. I don&apos;t like jigsaw puzzles but I love this app. Great photos and  endless ways to customize. I even used one of my own photos to make a puzzle. I&apos;d buy it, it&apos;s a great time killer. Love those free apps, who knew I&apos;d love photo puzzles!? Thanks Amazon!
0439023513|5.0|I'm very surprised that the strongest novel out of the trilogy has the lowest review score. Amazing storyline and a realistic, if not brutal conclusion to a well paced novel that I couldn't put down.. To all of you that were disappointed in Katniss and her development, I ask you this - Katniss was 17 at the conclusion of the book and had absorbed immeasurable pain and loss - Yet those that criticize this book by looking for a Hollywood ending have failed to really examine how her character was relatively easy going - The simplest of pleasures like hunting in the woods defined who she was. She was thrust in to life by forces far greater than she could ever imagine. The ending may not have pleased everyone but nobody can deny the brutal truth behind the scenario created and the likely outcome that would have resulted..
B004LWZW24|5.0|I must admit I'm puzzled about fellow reviewers' feeling that INSIDIOUS failed in its second half.  If the movie had maintained its admittedly disturbing first half, where could it go in providing any kind of resolution or explanation?  I don't care for movies that might have great atmosphere but don't have the courtesy to reward me for my time invested.<br />Leigh Whannel's script and James Wan's meticulously paced direction are efficient in creating a very spooky film.  As for the \\"cheap\\" demon effects, are our nightmares carefully orchestrated with top notch CGI?  Mine certainly aren't.  The crudeness and lack of real definition serve to accentuate the horror of an unknown world.<br />Patrick Wilson and Rose Byrne give realistic performances in an unreal scenario.  Perhaps the parapsychic techs stretch credibility, but don't they act just like the techs on TV's paranormal \\"reality\\" shows?  But character actress Lin Shaye takes acting honors as the assured psychic who believes in her abilities and doesn't act like some new age guru,  This unflinching self-confidence elevates a typically clich&eacute; character to a more convincing status.  Add Barbara Hershey as the troubled grandma and you have a great cast.<br />INSIDIOUS is one of this year's best horror movies, but let's not have an unnecessary sequel.
B004G600A4|5.0|I am way too old for this fairy tale like, disney movie. Thus, i loved it, found it funny , cute and entertaining all in one small package. For the young and old to watch and enjoy.
B005ETANC2|1.0|This is a movie I already have for some years on region 2 DVD and with Subtitles,in very good quality. I would have given it 5 stars if it would have been subtitled. Besides Universal and Warner home video there are more studios who sell movies on DVD-R making them unattractive for a lot of people who cannot follow the movie without subtitles. Why can't they give us the old movies with subtitles regionfree, this way we have to miss a lot of movies we are dying to have. Besides that Warner is asking a much higher price than we had to pay for boxes of films with subtitles and some extra's. Things have not changed for the better.  Ad de Koning  Almere  Holland
B0058S0OMS|5.0|I hope this proper Re-release will also be on dvd  or maybe a dvd combo. (I dont have a blu ray player ,can't afford one now, i have to stick with dvds. i'm dreaming for one day of owning a blu ray player.) I have the Mca 2001 edition with the trailer   a trailer is hardly special.  Please put this edition ovd  W/  \\"Terror In the Aisles\\"!!!
B004YXE438|5.0|this is a great app lots of nice pictures and options on puzzle size and difficulty.  Perfect for the puzzle lover
1439190275|5.0|I bought the The New Atkins for a New You on Amazon and I am so glad I did.  I borrowed this book from a Public Library, but because of it's high demand, I was unable to renew it so I decided to buy it.  I highly recommend this book to anyone who wishes to be healthier, stop sugar addiction and oh did I mention lose weight?  Yes if you follow this diet for life, you will definitely lose weight.  I have a thyroid problem and my body does not give up the weight easily and I am losing.  If you are serious about living a healthier life, then this is the book for you.  It is very easy to follow and full of how to's and recipes.  Good Luck.
B004Y1USJE|5.0|I've been listening to this album non-stop for a few weeks now, and I have to say it's the best Yes album in years.  Definitely the best since 90125 and arguably their best since Drama.  I've always been a huge fan of the Drama-era yes, and it appears to be back.  Geoff Downes is an amazing keyboardist, Trevor Horn is one of the best rock/pop producers of all time, and I love what they bring to this band.  Benoit David is a welcome addition to the band and it was a pleasure seeing him on their 2010 tour.<br /><br />Highly recommended!
B004YEJGEO|2.0|the idea seems cool, but the controls are clunky. spend more time getting the game to do what you want than you do play.
B004UID2LC|1.0|Ass the title implies I have downloaded this supposedly EPIC app to view youtube videos without waiting for buffering, however when I hold click on a video &amp; select download it searches....5 then ends the download. It isn&apos;t due to lack of space (as I have a 32 gig micro SD in my DROID X) so Im not sure what the problem is. Please fix this dev because I do love the idea of this app. Again Im using the Motorola DROID X so you know. Thanks can&apos;t wait for the bug fix in the next update &amp; I will give it a better score once this problem is fixed.
B003EYVXVY|5.0|What's the hold-up on 3-D for Avatar?<br />It get's released in limited form, then I buy an all new state-of-the -art 3-D Home Theatre system and I can't buy Avatar in 3-D now............come on, the economy sucks and here I am a consumer willing to buy.  Just SHOW ME THE PRODUCT, I'm here and ready with CASH!
0061928356|5.0|This book was wonderful. I recommend it to all women. It started off a little slow and predictable, but what a glimpse into 2 different worlds ... California and Mumbai, India. The characters were likable and smart. The story made me feel for the opportunities women and girls have here in the US!
0307595579|5.0|Loved all three of the Larson books.  Sooo sorry he died, and with his death, there died Lisbeth Solander.
B002MQYOFW|4.0|How can a book about teenagers killing each other be fun you say?  The author does a good job of demonizing the enemies of Katniss (the main character), which makes the deaths of young people a little easier to take.  Additionally, the plot is a little (or a lot) predictable.  The predictability also makes it a little easier to take.  The brutality might turn some away, but in general will be tolerable for most.    My daughter of 13 adores this book.  She is an avid reader and well beyond her years in this arena.  Yet still, my 13 year old daughter LOVES this book (as she does the 2nd of the series, but not the 3rd...I haven't read either yet).  I would as such recommend this book for teenagers.    Additionally, it is an easy read.  It is action packed and holds your attention.  I read it in a day, and I would say the speed of my reading is about average.      I am going to now read the second and third books...so it held my attention enough to pull me in to reading more.    It is similar to The Running Man (both the movie and the book written by Steven King under the pseudonym Richard Bachman) in the vein of futuristic, post apocalyptic, government run game shows.    I would say if you like the books Eragon (the Inheritance Trilogy now awaiting the 4th book...) and Ender's Game (a true classic) this book would be right up your alley.
0385341679|5.0|This series is amazing!!! It will captivate you and make it seem like your right there watching everything. This book is the best I have ever read and anyone that wanting a genre like this, this is the first book I would tell you to read. I had a lot of fun reading this.
B0050KEVO6|3.0|Initially, the feeling of discovery makes this game a blast to play. Quickly, you'll find yourself racking up element after element... soon you'll have 60, 70, 100+ items... right around there you'll have so many that you won't really know what to use. Testing something with everything else is out of the question and combinations you think are obvious will do nothing. Eventually, this frustration will lead to 1 of 2 things: you will find guides online which kill the fun, or you'll play less and less until you just don't care anymore.
B0058VW36U|5.0|Works very well on my Acer iconia. The graphics don&apos;t look fuzzy and out of resolution like most games. The I also had no trouble with the loading times like some of the other reviewers had. I think it is easily worth the $1 for the game if you have a tablet and are looking for a game that will last a moderate bus trip.
B004LWZW4W|4.0|RISE OF THE PLANET OF THE APES is a reboot/prequel movie set before the events of any Planet of the Apes film and tells the story of how these furry little creatures got in a position to take over the world. No previous knowledge of past films is required because this remake serves as a fresh new start for the franchise and gives the audience a new jumping on point. A wise decision by the creators because it will not offend any longtime fans and is set during a part of the franchise timeline we have never visited before. I do understand that a lot of you out there are not going to take this movie seriously because of the subject matter and the reputation the older movies have for being extra cheesy. If you go into this movie trying to find things to make fun of I guess you will but I urge you to take this movie seriously because it is a damn fine film. There are a handful of awesome and powerful moments in this film that the audience laughed at because it involved apes doing intelligent things. I highly recommend coming into this movie with the mind frame of taking it seriously. Do that and you will discover a fun and well made film that ranks high atop my list for the best movies of the summer and the year so far.<br /><br />RISE OF THE PLANET OF THE APES is directed by relative unknown Rupert Wyatt (THE ESCAPIST) and stars James Franco (PINEAPPLE EXPRESS) along with a huge cast of completely CGI apes. This is the origins story for the franchise and is set in current day San Francisco. Mankind is experimenting with genetic engineering aimed at bettering themselves by testing on apes. The experiments lead to the development of extremely high levels of intelligence in the apes that were tested and their offspring. The result leads to an uprising from the apes as they learn to master their new found intelligence and initiate the war for supremacy over the planet.<br /><br />The first thing I HAVE to talk about when it comes to the cast is the superb use of CGI for the apes in this film. They are truly the stars here and these characters are some the best use of CGI I have seen in a film ever. The amount of emotion and detail we get from these apes is second to none for a CGI character. This is some seriously cool and powerful stuff! The star of this film is an ape named Caesar who is motion captured by the talented Andy Serkis who you may recognize as Gollum from THE LORD OF THE RINGS trilogy among other things. His performance paired with the talented staff at WETA Special Effects creates one of the coolest CGI characters in film history that is full of emotion and extreme detail. Besides Caesar, there is a very large cast of apes that are all equally impressive and watching all of them evolve is fascinating and often eerie. This is the future of CGI technology.<br /><br />While the apes are the stars of the show, the human cast is not so bad either even though they take a back seat to the fantastic CGI apes. James Franco does a fine job here as doctor Will Rodman who is the loving father figure to Caesar and the doctor who comes up with the medicine to enhance the apes intelligence. His screen presence seems somewhat minimal here but he does play the character he is given very well. Other supporting characters include Freida Pinto (IMMORTALS) as the main human love interest, John Lithgow (DEXTER) as John's father who has Alzheimer's disease, Brain Cox (TROY) as John Landon who owns an unruly ape handling center, and Tom Felton (Draco Malfoy from the HARRY POTTER series) as John's ape hating son. All of the human actors here do a fine job even if there are a few cheesy lines here and there. I cannot stress enough how the apes steal the show here.<br /><br />The story found in RISE OF THE PLANET OF THE APES is extremely captivating and had me from the opening scene to the final credits. This is partly due to the awesome pacing this movie has. I never felt bored or impatient for what was to come. There is a well paced montage scene to represent a large gap of time that works very well here and keeps the main story moving forward without any speed bumps. The narrative is firmly focused on the evolution of the main ape Caesar and the audience follows him through all the most important times during his evolution in intelligence. There are even a handful of nods to past films that longtime fans will surely notice. All in all the story of Caesar and the rise of his fellow apes was a fun and fascinating adventure that is full of more emotion and energy than one may expect.<br /><br />On top of all that great crap I mentioned above, RISE OF THE PLANET OF THE APES is a damn fine action movie to boot filled with all the top of the line special CGI effects mentioned above. I could rant and rave about all the wonderful details and emotions captured in the main apes for years but I think you should just get your ass to the movie theatre and see for yourself. So besides the digital characters them self, the actual action is pretty intense too. The apes often retaliate when they see people or fellow apes being mistreated, there are a handful of scenes where the apes battle one another for dominance, and the main uprising of the apes near the end of the film is something to behold. The action is well paced and well choreographed. A lot of the action scenes are pretty awesome and seeing these nimble and agile creatures kick ass is really fun to see on the big screen. There is a wide variety of apes here that each get their moment to shine. There is some really cool stuff on display here and the sequences during the finale are just awesome. This is not however a balls to the wall summer action movie. It is an emotional story about the rise of the apes first and an action movie second. What we do get is very cool and always feels necessary rather than just for eye candy. This is no doubt a fun movie with cool and unique action sequences.<br /><br />This summer sure is full of a ton of awesome blockbusters and RISE OF THE PLANET OF THE APES can be added near the top of that list! The captivating story is not too complicated or too simple and is full of just the right amount of emotion balanced with just the right amount of action. The CGI work is some of the greatest I have seen in a film to date and represents a benchmark for realism and emotion. I had a blast with this movie from start to finish. I highly suggest coming into this movie with an open mind and not approach it as a joke. Seriously, it will be your loss if you don't. In the end, RISE OF THE PLANET OF THE APES is a very worthwhile reboot for the franchise and I am now a loyal fan! I really hope this movie gets a sequel and the franchise continues in this new and fresh direction. Very cool stuff.<br /><br />Final Score: 9 out of 10<br /><br />Written By: Jason Furie (Wrinkled Meat Nerd News)<br /><br />Read the full review here: [...]<br />Visit my nerd news site here: [...]works very well here and keeps the main story moving forward without any speed bumps. The narrative is firmly focused on the evolution of the main ape Caesar and the audience follows him through all the most important times during his evolution in intelligence. There are even a handful of nods to past films that longtime fans will surely notice. All in all the story of Caesar and the rise of his fellow apes was a fun and fascinating adventure that is full of more emotion and energy than one may expect.  On top of all that great crap I mentioned above, RISE OF THE PLANET OF THE APES is a damn fine action movie to boot filled with all the top of the line special CGI effects mentioned above. I could rant and rave about all the wonderful details and emotions captured in the main apes for years but I think you should just get your ass to the movie theatre and see for yourself. So besides the digital characters them self, the actual action is pretty intense too. The apes often retaliate when they see people or fellow apes being mistreated, there are a handful of scenes where the apes battle one another for dominance, and the main uprising of the apes near the end of the film is something to behold. The action is well paced and well choreographed. A lot of the action scenes are pretty awesome and seeing these nimble and agile creatures kick ass is really fun to see on the big screen. There is a wide variety of apes here that each get their moment to shine. There is some really cool stuff on display here and the sequences during the finale are just awesome. This is not however a balls to the wall summer action movie. It is an emotional story about the rise of the apes first and an action movie second. What we do get is very cool and always feels necessary rather than just for eye candy. This is no doubt a fun movie with cool and unique action sequences.  This summer sure is full of a ton of awesome blockbusters and RISE OF THE PLANET OF THE APES can be added near the top of that list! The captivating story is not too complicated or too simple and is full of just the right amount of emotion balanced with just the right amount of action. The CGI work is some of the greatest I have seen in a film to date and represents a benchmark for realism and emotion. I had a blast with this movie from start to finish. I highly suggest coming into this movie with an open mind and not approach it as a joke. Seriously, it will be your loss if you don't. In the end, RISE OF THE PLANET OF THE APES is a very worthwhile reboot for the franchise and I am now a loyal fan! I really hope this movie gets a sequel and the franchise continues in this new and fresh direction. Very cool stuff.  Final Score: 9 out of 10  Written By: Jason Furie (Wrinkled Meat Nerd News)  Read the full review here: [...]  Visit my nerd news site here: [...]
0670022411|4.0|I loved this book -- the world the author creates is magnificent!  I am not really a fan of witch/vampire genre stuff, but the book fell off the shelf towards me, and I thought it would be a fun summer read.  I was Wowed!  I love the historical aspects of the book.  I love the poetry and all the citations of imagined/real references.  It is a BRILLIANT BOOK, and I highly recommend it to anyone who loves romance, food, wine, details, desire, history, the invention of a world to disappear into, the way it speaks to us today in terms of the politics of identity, the ethics of science, relevant in so many ways... -- I couldn't put it down.  And I did laugh out loud a lot, and once I laughed until I cried.  HOWEVER, this book doesn't end, and it asks us to wait until NEXT YEAR for the second part of a three part series, AND there is no OVERT WARNING on the cover that what you are getting has no end right now, so be warned.
B005257I80|3.0|I have had the chance to listen to lots of headphone amps with top of the line Westone IEMs with clean uncompressed aiff files for the source.  The e11 does a good job, not outstanding, nor astonishing.  It is a reasonable priced amp that will do a line out docked ipod a favor.    It does not sound as good as some other similar cost amps like the refined Cmoy from JDS labs for example.  And it certainly does not compete with several hundred $ pocket friendly amps.  The case is nicely designed but the volume knob is a bit hard to use and of course the input output jacks can be a pain with some right angle connectors.    Do not infer that because this is a decent little amp that it cheaper brethren are almost as good, they are not.  The e5 for example is no more than a distortion device that casts a warm blanket on detail and lumps warm bass into the mix to fool you into thinking you are getting a better sound.  You are much better off listening straight from your headphone out.
B004YEJGEO|5.0|This is a great puzzle game.  There are plenty of levels requiring creative thinking, and for an extra level of challenge, you can try to find the optimal solution.  Plus, when you do beat a level, the resulting pattern of lasers is quite beautiful.\n\nWell worth the dollar the dev is asking.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I&apos;ve downloaded several Bible apps and this is the best one hands down.  Easy to use and access to numerous translations.  Highly recommended.
B002SJIO4A|5.0|One of my new favorite movies. Effects are amazing, story is good, Sharlto Copley is great. There's pretty much nothing bad about this movie as far as kind of gross, awesome alien action movie go. A must see... and buy.
B0049P1VHS|5.0|I resisted this series when I first heard about it last year mostly because zombies are as overplayed as story/characters these days as vampires are - I was just jaded to hear about more zombies. Also, a guy waking in a hospital after an injury to see the world has changed - \\"28 Days Later\\" anyone? That said, a slow weekend made me pick up the box set and give it a go. I was wary for the first 45 mins of the pilot, thinking that if it didn't get better soon I'd put the set on eBay and try something else but oh boy did things get better quick!<br /><br />The final 30 mins of the pilot is outstanding, gut busting action as Deputy Grimes enters Atlanta on a horse with a gun slung across his back and a bag of guns behind him only to find the city infested and riddled with zombies. What follows is one of the best chase sequences I've ever seen. Grimes is repeatedly just making it out of reach of the \\"walkers\\" (as they're known in this series rather than \\"zombies\\") and he's forced into smaller and smaller spaces, making it out just in time! By the end of the pilot, I was hooked. I had to know how he got out of the way he ends up.<br /><br />From there on in it's a mixture of that tremendous action and the introduction of a motley crew of survivors. Standouts for me were Grimes and his partner (who share an awkward and untold secret) and the belligerent redneck brothers who come to blows more often than not even as they evade the hordes.<br /><br />The series constantly turns conceptions around in the episodes. A group of renegade Latino gangbangers? Think again. A kindly professor offering safe haven? Think again. While a couple of episodes are kind of slow, focusing instead on developing the characters' backgrounds more and including flashbacks to before the world \\"turned\\", the majority of episodes here are excellent and the zombie action is among the best the genre has produced. You never know who's going to make it and who's going to get bitten and that makes for some great twists and turns along the way as the survivors run from one location to the next, hoping for respite somewhere.<br /><br />The series ends with a literal bang and I was left thinking that it deservedly was given the title of \\"best series of 2010\\". Fantastic action, great acting, among the most gross and realistic zombie makeup you'll ever see - can't wait for Season 2 out later this year!s along the way as the survivors run from one location to the next, hoping for respite somewhere.     The series ends with a literal bang and I was left thinking that it deservedly was given the title of \\"best series of 2010\\". Fantastic action, great acting, among the most gross and realistic zombie makeup you'll ever see - can't wait for Season 2 out later this year!
B0041T4ML4|4.0|The book sucked me in immediately as I work in international agricultural research. The middle dragged, but then of course, I could not put it down as it raced to a conclusion. The author challenges us with questions about how we live today and how it will impact the future, and cuts to the bone.
B0055PMUSU|5.0|I realy enjoyed this movie, I put it up there with \\"End of the Spear\\"<br />what this movie does not show very much of is the strugles she went through day to day<br />Taking a shower is extreemly frustrating with one arm (with the left arm gone, you can never clean the right side of your body without help) something as simple as putting on your pants is a major chore, putting on a t-shirt takes forever.  Dealing with the fact that your body thinks your arm is there (been there done that, and it is very scarry). relearning how to balance with only 1 arm (try scateboarding with 1 arm tied to your side). If you want to experience part of what she went through, tie 1 arm to your body and go 24 hours using only 1 arm.<br /><br />I love the religious theme to this movie, not everyone will appreciate that God helped her through this extreemly difficult time of life, she would say that she couldn't have done it without God.<br /><br />If you are not religious, where do you go or who do you go to when you fail yourself completely? when you have feelings of total failure that you cannot overcome, feeling of total uselessness, when you are incapable of caring for yourself. Where do you turn?
B002MQYOFW|5.0|When I read the plot to this book, it didn't sound like anything I would be interested in reading.........Boy was I wrong!!!!!  I couldn't put this book down and actually read through the whole thing in 2 days.  I had no idea what was coming next and couldn't wait to find out.  I will read this book again and again.  It's crazy awesome!!!
030746363X|5.0|The book is great! Used to be the gym addict staying for hours in the gym, w' little to no new results for the time that i put in. Now w' Tim's book i get in i get out i get on w' my life (and since i work full time, setting up two business' on the side, & working on an MBA, min. time max results is golden in all my activities). Just by doing his slow carb eating (w' some experiments of my own) dropped 10lbs in 2 wks!! Ah yea, 6 pack Cometh!! Thanks Tim!
B004TTZHBK|4.0|Overall, this is a pretty good app. I like to consider myself a decent cook, but this taught me a thing or two. Even basic videos, like how to chop an onion, taught me new techniques. The step-by-step vids on how to do certain recipes were helpful; I just used one to cook a risotto. A minor negative is most recipes require obscure or expensive ingredients.
B002SJIO4A|3.0|I remember when they began teasing this movie at Comic-Con. They and signs indicating places where only humans or aliens could venture. Almost everyone thought these signs were for the super secret J.J. Abrams movie (Cloverfield) but it turned out to be for the low-budget District 9.    After making a short for YouTube, director Neill Blomkamp was encouraged to make it a feature with the blessing of Peter Jackson.    Casting a bunch of no-names and having it take place is South Africa adds a flavor of realism if you can look past the fact that these are CGI aliens.    The movie begins as a documentary but quickly changes to a typical action/adventure sci-fi movie with lots of guns, explosions and characters shouting the F-word almost every other word. I can tolerate maybe a one-time use in movies but when the word is used so much, it becomes distracting and my rating of the movie falls with each utterance.    Add in a exoskeleton robot with massive firepower and what started as a clever film turns into just another summer action flick.    I was impressed with the CGI. The aliens really looked like they were in the locations and interacting with the humans.    Blomkamp also has a series of shorts that was his \\"request\\" to make the Halo movie on YouTube but it was never realized.    District 9 is a movie with interesting social commentary with excellent effects.
B002ZG981E|5.0|This movie is brilliant and outstanding. I watched it this weekend for two consecutive times, and I can't take it off of my mind. I really want to go back to it, and watch it again and again. If you get this Blu-ray edition, you get the digital copy, which is really cool to take with you on your iPhone or iPad, the DVD, and also an extra disc with extras. One of the extras is a selection of Hans Zimmer soundtrack. The selection is 10 out of the total 12 tracks of the soundtrack, so it is like getting almost the whole thing. The movie won 4 Academy awards, and although it missed the best picture and best director, I can assure you will not be disappointed by this movie. Christopher Nolan is a great director, and he did not only directed, but he wrote this movie as well. This is remarkable, because he is the guy who wrote Memento, and if you watched Memento, then this movie kind of makes sense.<br />This movie is about dreams, and how perception of dreams can be so real that we have a really hard time telling the difference from what's real and what's a dream (this is you believe that dreams are not real, which I do believe they are...). Anyhow, philosophic quests aside, the visuals of the movie are unbelievable, with special effects that leave you breathless. The acting is top notch, and I have to admit that I learned to love DiCaprio more and more. He has become one of the best Hollywood actors for the last 5/6 years, and I would not be surprised if he is nominated for an Academy award very soon, because he deserves it. Supporting acting is very good as well, specially Tom Hardy, a great discovery for the film industry.<br />This Blu-ray comes with several extras, among those an 'extraction mode' that allows you to watch the movie with short documentaries in between explaining how the visual effects were created. I already spoke about the Zimmer soundtrack, which is mesmerizing and ver effective in creating the appropriate mood for this movie, and all I can say to finish my review is that I highly and strongly recommend everyone to check this movie out. Thanks for reading!<br /><br />p.s. I forgot to mention ... if you are so confused after watching this movie, like I was after my first time, you can watch it over (again and again), and you can also visit imdb.com where there is a FAQ with at least 60 different questions related to the plot, etc. Needless to say, those FAQs contain spoilers, but you may want to check them out anyway (at your own risk...).my review is that I highly and strongly recommend everyone to check this movie out. Thanks for reading!    p.s. I forgot to mention ... if you are so confused after watching this movie, like I was after my first time, you can watch it over (again and again), and you can also visit imdb.com where there is a FAQ with at least 60 different questions related to the plot, etc. Needless to say, those FAQs contain spoilers, but you may want to check them out anyway (at your own risk...).
B004YXE438|2.0|This game is ok. It might be worth 2 1\/2 or 3 stars. Certainly not 4 or more. It is repetitive and boring after a few games. How many shills can possibly be reviewing this?
0300169787|5.0|Although no book could ever compare to the experience of viewing Alexander McQueen's original creations in the show at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York   (which also added heads and fabulous complimenting headpieces to each mannequin, had music, videos, photos),this book is a definite treasure. For costume designers, fashionistas, anyone who is interested in wildly creative art that stretches the limits of it's genre...this book is a MUST HAVE !
B003EYVXSW|1.0|Why in the world did Adrien Brody make this movie? Has he become such a low-brow that he actually believed this movie would be considered artistic or even \\"thought-provoking\\"?    Splice is about two geneticists (Adrien Brody and Sarah Polley) who are creating genetically altered hybrid animals for the medical research. When they want to go the next step, they decide to create a human hybrid.    I have never before desired a character to die as much as I wanted Polley's character to bite it. Throughout the entire movie, her character grates on the nerves. I found myself moaning out loud, \\"for the love of God kill this character already!\\" and \\"why?!!? Why does she have to be this annoying?!?!\\"    Brody is his typical character: the brooding, depressed guy. I think the only time I saw him as anything else was in The Village and in that film he added the quirk of being \\"the village idiot\\".    The hybrid they create is always surprising them with its abilities and secret, evolving traits. Things take a very weird turn when they decide to go out to a barn and we learn why Polley's character is a pathetic loser. And then let's not even discuss the ending which was touted as a horrific twist but ended up being ridiculous.    This movie was awful.
1451629184|4.0|I enjoyed the book; however, a few more details of what took place during Jaycee's captivity would have been good--such as how did she get clothing initially, how did the kids get their clothing (from infancy, etc.), what sort of eating/cooking arrangements were there, etc.  Being a \\"detail person,\\" I didn't seem to get the full picture from reading the book.  There was more than enough sexual contact information in the book, however.
B001W590LM|4.0|The goodnight moon bunny has been an important part of our family for 19 years.  My daughter was given the board book and bunny when I was still pregnant and bunny has not been put aside since.  Bunny has traveled the world with Sam, has attended weddings, camping trips, and a variety of family functions.  He's off to college with Sam next week.  My sister is about to have her first baby. I purchased the goodnight moon set for our addition to the family.  I suspect this buuny will be loved like ours has been.  Fast delivery and in perfect condition.  The only negative is the manufacturer must be making the bunny a little bit smaller than the orginial (of 19 years ago)...  Still a GREAT gift.  Thanks!
B003V4AK8E|3.0|I've now owned two of these. First one actually came used with the PS3 system I bought and was supposedly only two weeks old. That one had a sticking left analog stick where the character would move on it's on within a week of use. It was sporadic at first but then within the next time of use it constantly stuck where you had no control over it whatsoever. Also the X button kept sticking. I ordered another one and within one week I had issues where the square button would stick. Within a few weeks the controller wouldn't respond sometimes for no reason as it was even hooked via the charging cord. I like the feel of the controller vs the PS3 which I don't really care for after using this one so it's a shame that I've had so many issues with them. It's frustrating to say the least.
0060734191|5.0|Avid book reader and I loved this trilogy! Sooo hard to put down...completely messed up my sleep schedule, but it is great all the same! : )
B0044RUSZM|5.0|The minimalist design of this laptop stand creates storage space underneath which is important for my small work space.<br /><br />I use the stand with a 15\\" MacBook Pro and it is a perfect fit. I agree with the previous reviewer and would not recommend it for the 17\\" MBPs as the 15\\" is a perfect fit. 13\\" would be fine as well.<br /><br />When I first saw the stand in person I thought it wouldn't be sturdy but it is.  If my desk wobbles, the stand does too but that's not the stand's fault.<br /><br />The stand matches MacBooks perfectly and looks like an Apple-designed product which is a bonus.<br /><br />The stand height is not adjustable but I found that it is a good height and angle for me already so no adjustment was needed.
1451629184|5.0|Jaycee's story was an easy yet difficult read. Easy in that, it's very true... she only has a 5th grade education and has chosen to not have her story edited. I think that as the author and victim, she has this right and should be respected for it. It is also a very difficult read because Jaycee does not hold back. She goes into detail of all her experiences. I found that, even though I could have read the entire book in one sitting, I had to put the book down at times and gather myself. What this woman went through from childhood to adulthood is shocking.     Jaycee is now a hero to me. Despite the past, she has survived conditions and experiences that no human being, or even animal, should go through.... AND she has stood up, held her head high, and told her story.     Dear Jaycee- If you ever read this, I just want to say Thank You for gathering the courage to share your story. There are so many victims in this world who, out of fear and humiliation, cannot tell their story. Your words will forever echo in my ears and I will always look at a pinecone differently. I wish you and your daughters the best in this life. I plan on keeping your book forever. You are inspiration to me. Your strength gives me strength! Sincerely, Amy V from Houston, TX. PS- I dont know how or when, but I hope someday I can get you to autograph your book!
B004YEJGEO|5.0|One of the best games I&apos;ve played. Simple execution but very entertaining. you actually get to use your brain. blah blah blah
0062060554|5.0|If I'm lucky, once or twice a year I'll find a book that I love from the first page to the last. This is one of those books. Chris' predicament is fascinating, and the story gets deeper and better as it goes along. The characters are fully dimensional, the plot twists are surprising and believable, all in all, this is one terrific novel.
B0050LJIRK|1.0|Well not really, nothing can ever be dumber than their music and band name... But that artwork?  Wow that's close.  They really got every angle of sucking well covered.  It's kind of impressive if you think about it.
0385341679|5.0|I read quite a bit, 2-3 books a week, and out of all the books I've read over the past year (at least) Shadowfever  stands out as the best.  I liked the whole Fever series but the last two installments, Dreamfever and Shadowfever, really blew me away.  What I really appreciate about Karen Marie Moning is that she knew when to end the Mackayla Lane series so that it went out on  a high note, while still leaving readers excited for spin-off novels set in the same world.  Over the entire series, the world building and charecter development is masterful, and there are so many twists and turns that you're left guessing right until  the final pages of Shadowfever.  Amazing writing, highly recommended.
0062060554|4.0|I read this book in two days. It kept my interest from beginning to end.  I am anxious to see what S.J. Watson may write next. I can't imagine going to bed every night and my memories disappear as I sleep.
B0051BNRTO|5.0|1980s singer-songwriter and current \\"genius recluse\\" Tucker Crowe released the demo tracks of his famous album, Juliet. Duncan (a devoted obsessive fan) and Annie have such differing opinions on it that it breaks apart their fifteen year relationship. Then, Annie finds herself conversing with Tucker online. Through these three characters, Hornby examines the nature of art, where it comes from and where it goes, the relationship between the artist and fan, between art and reality, just where the meaning comes from, and the very nature of life and love itself in this brilliant, fascinating, thought-provoking, and funny novel. Hornby just doing his thing. Wonderfully. Grade: A
B0051CSI0G|5.0|Love this movie. I am a fan or.anything with zombies and action and this has plenty of both. I really felt drawn into the movie as though I was there. This is being sold at a great price and is pure entertainment. Also, the pq and aq are just about flawless on this bluray.
0738711500|5.0|The card set is beautiful the Gilded Tarot and the book is very well explained for everyone to learn to read the tarot. There is good information on here, for the new students or the more advance tarot card readers. It has all the basics plus a lot more. This will be a great foundation tool for everyone learning to read the tarot.<br /><br />UPDATE 12-29-2014<br /><br />I RECOMMENDED THIS SET TO TWO FRIENDS WHO WERE INTERESTED IN LEARNING TAROT CARD READING, WELL THEY LOVE THEIR SET AND LIKE ME THE FOUND THE MESSAGES THEY WERE LOOKING FOR, THEY FOUND THE CARDS SPEAK TO THEM. SO FAR THEY ARE DOING VERY WELL IN THE PROCESS OF LEARNING WITH THIS SET. THEY ABSOLUTELY LOVE AND THEY ARE GLAD THEY LISTEN TO ME AND PURCHASE IT.
B004YXE438|5.0|Very nice app! I really have no problems with it....honest. It plays well, has beautiful graphics, well thought out levels of play...you will enjoy this if you enjoy putting puzzles together!
0575085096|3.0|THREE-AND-A-HALF STARS    A wise man once said that the ending of a thing is better than the beginning, a cross-disciplinary sort of truism that cuts across matters of business, academics, the arts and life itself. Yet even though conclusions hold the higher place, the start of something still elicits a certain fascination -- especially when it comes to a multi-volume genre series. At least it did for me when I sat down with The Color of Magic, Terry Pratchett's first entry in the inimitable Discworld books. Sure, I knew later installments had a reputation as something special, but how much of that uniqueness translated to the series' earliest iteration?    Even the least judgmental individual on Discworld (the dinnerplate-shaped planet carried through the vastness of space on the backs of four cosmic elephants who are, in their turn, borne by a turtle of star-swallowing size named the Great A'Tuin) would have to confess that Rincewind is a complete failure as a wizard. Booted out of Unseen University after sneaking a peek at a forbidden book, he exhibits not only perpetual cowardice, but also an inability to remember any spells. That is, of course, because the page he glanced at in the forbidden book happened to contain one of the eight basic spells comprising the fabric of reality itself, and it burrowed into his mind the moment he saw it. The mass of all that arcane knowledge simply crowds all other magic out of Rincewind's skull. So he contents himself by whiling away his days with drink in the Broken Drum, one of Ankh-Morpork's seedier pubs. At least he did until Twofeather the tourist came strolling into the establishment, scattering gold coins as though they'd gone out of style and looking for a guide. Seems Twofeather comes from the Counterweight Continent, a land so wealthy that many regard it as mythical. And Rincewind, well, he'd be a fool to ignore all that gold, wouldn't he? So one might think, except that pair will end up on a perilous tour indeed, onethat takes them to the eldritch temple of a soul-munching demigod, the lands of bickering dragonriders who soar on semi-imaginary lizards, and the Rim of Discworld where the seas froth over the flat planet's edge into the endless void.    Although I had only a rough exposure to Discworld prior to reading Color, I knew enough to recognize it contained most of the series' trademarks. Baroque fantasy settings, nudge-and-a-wink satire of real-world subjects, ludicrous absurdism and over-the-top silliness -- all make appearances. Only they feel really rough. Though the action is fun, Pratchett resorted to (often literal) deus ex machina resolutions an awful lot, and Color ends with the second-worst cliffhanger I've ever read. Additionally, when the most noble and sympathetic character turns out to be a magical piece of luggage with an indomitable desire to follow its owner and a taste for the appendages of any who would harm him, you know the author has a likeability problem on his hands. Color is bright and fun, but ultimately a bit flat.
B004I2K4DY|5.0|I saw this a few days ago, and will be getting my own copy very soon. Finally a decent Jean Valjean. Of all of the recordings I have of this show, I have always been disappointed with who was cast. Since seeing this version and hearing Alfie Boe sing this part, I am in love. Everyone was phenomenal..with the exception of Nick Jonas. I have to say was quite disappointed with his performance as he didn't have the depth of voice for the roll and after hearing everyone else, found he was lacking. He did, however, pick it up a bit for 'Empty chairs and empty tables' but only slightly. Apart from that was very happy with this and will be getting the sound track as well :)
1451629184|5.0|The style of this book is quite elementary, but it suits the author who, by all accounts was stolen from her family at eleven yrs old.  The details will shock you...  That anyone could survive this ordeal, is beyond what most of us can comprehend. It was extremely frightening to think that someone could get away with what they did to Jaycee.  It's an inspiration to the human fighting spirit that anyone could come away from this situation with a bright outlook for the future, the way Jaycee has; not only to survive it, but to be an advocate and set up a charity for others.  She has a good heart despite what has happened to her.
0749942169|2.0|Sister was one of the freshest and refreshing thrillers I have read in 2011.  The comparison to Daphne du Maurier and Dennis Lehane are apt. Her new book, Afterwards, however, has an interesting twist of a plot that is finally overwhelmed by the mawkish sentimentality of the narrator.   Nothing wrong with an ode to family love but the mystery felt forced and disconnected and lacked the driving suspense of Sister.
