0316010669|1.0|It's not clear whether this book has anything in it that could be called a 'theory'.    Gladwell (if he wrote it - there's so much race awareness that I can't help wondering if the book was ghosted for a professional half-caste) has two characteristics, typical of the market aimed for: [1] They must have no knowledge outside any conventional establishment beliefs, [2] They must be swayed by emotions - violence, typically, though softer emotions peep in as well.    Some of Gladwell's examples are taken (I'd guess from popular books) from such worlds as art appreciation, wars, police activity, market research into drinks, and formal music. In each case the 'American' view is assumed without thinking (even momentarily). A few examples: Tom Hanks has appeared in essentially misleading films on e.g. AIDS, Vietnam war, Second World War, NASA - but Gladwell knows nothing of this, and quotes some real or imaginary casting person talking about Hanks's supposed wonderful screen image. There's an account of a cheap brandy, packaged in a boring way, losing ground to another brandy, packaged attractively. There's something similar about 'colas' - the amazing insight that one sip of a drink may have a different effect from a whole bottle. A 'veteran' of Vietnam is discussed (there is a painfully long digression on military matters) with no discussion of the rather overwhelming superiority of firepower.    The examples Gladwell gives of accurate spli-second decisions generally need huge amounts of preliminary work - e.g. whether a classical trombone player is good, whether an artwork is a fake, how to sell cars, whether a facial expression exists - two men (who appeal to Derren Brown) get quite long mentions, but their decisions are only possible because videos of facial expressions now exist. All of this material is what might resonably be called 'learning'. Some material, for example the effect of facial expressions on emotions (in addition to the other way round - something claimed by William James) or of words of a certain tone on peoples' behaviour (New Yorkers becoming polite because of reading scrambles sentences with polite words in) doesn't seem to connect with the general idea of the book.    One star. But only because I'm in a good mood.
B004259BMM|2.0|I'll start with saying I love Keith and have been a fan since 1993, I've got every one of his albums, have met the man and been to see him live 9 times.  With that - I have to express disappointment in this album.  As some have said, it feels like a tribute to Nicole to the point of shutting the world out.  I am so glad that he has found that kind of love, but for EVERY single song to be a sappy love song?  He's got to go back to mixing it up a bit.  He's never been a \\"ballad\\" singer, but he's had some other types of songs on his last albums.  It seems like starting with Defying Gravity it's just been going downhill into starry eyed, teenage boppy crushville.  I'm going to have to seriously consider if I'm buying his next album or not.  I have to admit, I'm listening to Kenny's new album MUCH more than Keith's.  I hope he can figure it out for the next album.
B0048Y9TPG|1.0|SO DISSAPOINTING!  The first album is great, so I was really excited to get this one.  However, it is a big train wreck.  The vocals are weird and the tempo and back beats are even weirder.  Each song is more grating than the next.  I SO wish she would have made another album that was similar to the style of her first Christmas album, but alas, this one belongs in the trash.
0066620996|5.0|Without going into much detail, Collins does a great job of taking a bunch of data and qualitative stories and tells us what makes a good organization (not just a business).<br /><br />He does this in such simple terms and uses good examples.  Some actually were funny, as the companies have not done as well since the publishing of the book, but in reality the facts about the companies also changed, or just came out.  These are rules to live by and this book constantly referenced in all business journals, magazines and articles.<br /><br />A must read for anyone, period.  Many good lessons in this book, everyone is part of an entity (even \\"yourself\\" as an entity), so understanding them and learning what makes them great is key.<br /><br />100% worth the read.
B001UV4XFQ|1.0|Let me first say I knew this was going to come at some point/The movie is great buy here is why this dvd blu ray release got a 1.How cheap can you get they are now putting the blu ray n one side and the regular dvd version on the other,how cheap can you get for a movie that has made the studios billions of dollars.I immediately sent this back to Amazon and just bought the single disc blu ray.First of all I would like to know how you can have blu ray on one side and regular dvd on the other.The only reason people have bought these combos is the fact that they got two different discs so if one got scratched they still have the other but now there is no reason to buy these any more just buy the blu ray or regular dvd.Universal Studios ought to be ashmed of themselve and the only way to stop this is to not buy it.
B0001A79JO|1.0|I bought Bring It On a few months back, and I absolutely love it! So, I decided to buy Hell Yeah based on that. I was so disappointed! This CD is just plain boring. There is little variation between songs, and it feels like the lead singer didn't change her tone, pitch or inflection throughout the entire album. Especially disappointing is Psychobitches Outta Hell, since if they had put any effort into making it a good song instead of just a song, it could have served as an anthem to an entire demographic of chicks (like me). So much potential was wasted with this CD. I would advise people to just buy Bring It On, and leave this one alone.
0399536108|5.0|I just start to read and can't stop. This guy write a big true about our lives. In the last two months I made my own rules, and kick me off from my last job. Now I'm a photographer, and a very happy men
B0049P1ZZQ|5.0|Amazing series---suprised me how good it was, it actually was better than a few zobie MOVIES i've seen! every episode keeps your attention, i just wish there were more episodes!!!!! but hey, i would rather have a few amazing episodes than a looong season with only a few good ones, ya know? five-stars for this show. seriously.
B002BU0DPE|1.0|These headsets are absolute trash. For an $80 price tag, it is flimsy and the cords are incredibly poor quality. No matter how careful you are with this headset, the cords WILL twist tightly in on themselves and eventually short out either the speakers, the microphone or both. PLEASE consider other products  before purchasing this. You will regret this purchase much sooner than you think.
B0042U94UQ|5.0|My man & I wanted to take my niece to see Toy Story 3 in 3D, but it wasnt playing in 3D at the theater we were at....so, we decided to take a chance with this one.  We had no idea what it was even about.  I think my man & I enjoyed it more than my 7 year old niece...we laughed (a lot) and even cried.  This movie was geared perfectly toward us...he still looks at me every now & then & says \\"he punched my shark!\\"  I am not going to tell all the details of the movie...what fun is that?... but I will say that I cant think of any flaws to talk about.  This is a great movie...just watch it!
B001HN69AY|4.0|Let's be honest, about 9 out of 10 people will only see this film because it's Heath Ledgers last film. It's too bad because this is a really unique film but the story is confusing. Ledger was just hitting his stride as an actor and it's a shame we cannot see what could have been. When Johnny Depp fills in for Ledger, it's a scary resemblance. These two could have been a great pair.     I cannot explain the story but do recommend this to mature viewers. Yes, it's a PG-13 film but alot of people probably wont like the style of Terry Gillam. If you got an open mind, like beautiful imagery, a good story, and fine acting then check this mind bending movie.
0618135871|5.0|Near the middle of Philip Roth's short novel, \\"The Dying Animal\\" (2001), the aging narrator, David Kepesh, engages in a lengthy reflection on the American sexual revolution of the 1960's. Kepesh turns to early colonial history as he describes the early Puritan settlers in Massachusetts and their conflict with one of their number, a settler named Thomas Morton.  At a place called Merry Mount, Morton established a libertine community where, apparently, sexuality well outside the bounds of Puritanism was practiced and encouraged.  The Puritan governor sent his milita to shut down Merry Mount, and Morton was twice sent to England, tried for disobedience, and acquitted. Nathaniel Hawthorne's story \\"The Maypole of Merry Mount\\" is based on this forgotten community.  When Kepesh tells the story of Merry Mount, he sees it as emblematic of the struggle between Puritanism and sexual freedom that characterizes the subsequent 300 years of American history. Kepesh says (p. 61): \\"You have to wait three hundred years before the voice of Thomas Morton turns up in America again, unexpurgated, as Henry Miller. The clash between Plymouth and Merry Mount, between Bradford and Morton, between rule and misrule -- the colonial harbinger of the national upheaval three hundred and thirty-odd years later when Morton's America was born at last, miscegenation and all.\\"<br /><br />In Roth's novel, Kepesh, 70, recounts the story of his relationship with a young woman, Consuelo Castilo, 24, the daughter of refuges from Cuba.  For most of the book, Kepesh speaks in a ranting voice and wanders, as speakers will do, from his immediate subject matter, to reflections on the sexual revolution and on the Pilgrims, as shown above, among other things.  Kepesh took the sexual revolution seriously. When it occurred, Kepesh, then middle-aged, left his wife and son to pursue untrammelled a long series of affairs with many women, mostly but not always his students, much younger than himself. He continues his affairs well into old age. Kepesh is attracted to Consuelo because of her beauty and poise, but mostly because of her breasts which he claims are the most beautiful he has ever seen. For about a year and a half, he has a sexual relationship with Consuelo.  Kepesh also becomes jealous and possessive about Consuelo, unlike his other relationships, and fears losing her to a younger man. During much of the time Kepesh is seeing Consuelo, he is also having an affair with a middle-aged high powered lawyer, Carolyn.  He lies to Carolyn to keep the relationship going for a time when Carolyn discovers that there is another woman in Kepesh's life.<br /><br />After Consuelo breaks of the relationship due to a perceived slight, Kepesh becomes lonely and depressed for three years.  Except for an occasional postcard, he hears noting from Consuelo until eight years have passed.  On New Year's Eve, 1999, the turn of the Millenium, he receives a voicemail from Consuelo. Now a woman of 32, Consuelo's life has taken a severe turn. Kepesh's eroticism and unrestrained sexuality come into tension with his feelings for Consuelo.<br /><br />This novel is blatantly erotic, but it is much more. Roth presents his narrator highly ambiguously. On one hand, Kepesh is intelligent, cultured, open, and lusty. It is easy to sympathize with much of what Kepesh says about sexuality and its repression.  It is also good to hear a voice which disclaims much current political correctness about sex.  On the other hand, Kepesh is highly dislikable in his intellectual dogmatism and more, for his lack of feelings for his women, Kepesh is a liar, a cheatt does not truly love or commit to any woman. Kepesh seems unwilling to face his own mortality by his continued sexual pursuit as an aging rake of younger women.  Kepesh's son, 42 when the narration takes place, dislikes his father for breaking up his home.  Yet he turns to Kepesh for advice when he finds his own ardor for his marriage (and three children) has gone and he is in the midst of his own adulterous relationship.<br /><br />As the story reaches its denouement, Kepesh tells his hearer: \\"Now, let the laughter subside and allow teacher to finish.  To be sure, if pleasure, experience, and age is a subject of interest no longer ... It is?  Then make what you'll make of me, but not till the end.\\"  Kepesh's free, irreverant ranting and lust meet Consuelo and her fate.<br /><br />The book is cunningly written, both bawdy and thoughtful.  Roth offers a nuanced portrayal of his flawed narrator.  I thought the book had much to say about sexuality, growing old, the fear of death and loneliness, and the nature of commitment.<br /><br />Robin Friedmanidst of his own adulterous relationship.     As the story reaches its denouement, Kepesh tells his hearer: \\"Now, let the laughter subside and allow teacher to finish.  To be sure, if pleasure, experience, and age is a subject of interest no longer ... It is?  Then make what you'll make of me, but not till the end.\\"  Kepesh's free, irreverant ranting and lust meet Consuelo and her fate.    The book is cunningly written, both bawdy and thoughtful.  Roth offers a nuanced portrayal of his flawed narrator.  I thought the book had much to say about sexuality, growing old, the fear of death and loneliness, and the nature of commitment.    Robin Friedman
B002MW50KO|5.0|I laugh hard every time I put this on. It is dreadful and I don't know what it is about hearing Dylan croak out one Christmas song after another, that makes me giggle to the point I am in hysterics. I listen to this to work out the kinks of my day and to have a good laugh. If I could I would nominate this for a Grammy in the Comedy category.    I know it might seem like I am being mean and that is not my intentions, just listen to it a few times and see if it doesn't make you smile.     Dylan you are the best. Whatever your reasons for making a Christmas CD doesn't matter to me. I hope Dylan had fun making this CD and I hope you got it out of your system. Just don't do it again. Please!!!!!
B00275EHJG|5.0|This is a Christmas gift for my granddaughter.  It is one she requested so I am sure she will love it.
B00368Q3UY|3.0|I vacation every year to the beach for a week with my extended family.  We rent a house with a pool to use in the evenings or when we get a little burned out of the beach.  I thought this item would have been perfect.  The fact that it plays music from the SD card allowed me to not bring my MP3 player to the beach (sand and being stolen) makes up for the lack of music controls (no shuffle, etc).  By the pool, the line input allows me to hook up my MP3 player with full music control capability.  Plus my laptop has horrible sound quality so this would be beneficial beyond vacation.<br /><br />Seemed like it would be perfect but it wasn't.  First thing I noticed when I took the unit out of the box is that it wouldn't stay closed.  Didn't make sense.  The sound quality through the SD card was amazing.  Much better than I expected.  I was going to return it because it wouldn't stay closed but the sound was great and I have a case that would fit this so I had second thoughts.  Then I hooked it up to my laptop and the sound was awful.  Seriously, really bad, my pathetic laptop speakers were significantly better.  I tried another laptop and my MP3 player and got the same result.  Very disappointing.  That sealed the deal and I returned the item.<br /><br />I may have gotten a defective unit given it didn't close to begin with but if I did then I question the build quality and manufacturers product QC.
B003ZDZ1WG|5.0|Needed this for a X-mas present and I don't like the snow so shopping on line is wonderful and so is this CD.
B000RZIGVS|2.0|This is not a review of the content of the discs but simply a warning that the double disc trays used for this package are junk.  Even when intact they don't hold the discs well. It is impossible to remove the second disc without removing the disc on top of it and the hubs break in no time.  We have been manufacturing CDs and DVDs for about as long as the technology exists and are the nation's leading CD and DVD manufacturer for independent artists and businesses.  I design packaging as my primary job and it has been some years since we used this tray. Additionally the trays are taped together to form bundles of several trays which just comes apart.    This packaging looks slick at first but it stinks and for the $300 many are asking you would think a big name company like \\"P\\" could have spent a little on the package.    I also being in the industry know who did manufacture this and they are capable of much better but I'm sure were making what the customer \\"P\\" asked for so no slight to the folks at (you know who).
B00003CX9W|5.0|Fantasia combines live music appreciation with animation with extraordinary success. It makes difficult pieces like \\"The Rite of spring\\" accessible to audiences of all ages. In short, it is completely engaging and delightful.
B004132HZS|5.0|I've had numerous problems with PBS shipping these DVDs, so I came to Amazon and had no problem getting multiples copies. Kudos to Amazon for delivering quickly with this new release! This is my go-to gift for this holiday season. If you blinked, you may have missed it on PBS, but Benedict Cumberbatch's performance is riveting.     I love the Basil Rathbone films, and this portrayal of Holmes couldn't be more different. But somehow it works for me and I am left wanting more. I hope BBC does another batch of these because they are film quality and I am sure they are costly to produce.    I also liked Robert Downey, Jr.'s version as a bawdy and wildly inappropriate Holmes, but now it pales in comparison to this sociopathic smartypants. Well done!
B002ZG997M|5.0|I dont have time to write a lengthy review, but I thought the movie was very good. The story, acting, filmaking, soundtrack were all excellent. And to the people rating the movie one or two stars; come on, even if you dont like the message or even the story there is no way this movie is worth anything less then 3 stars. The soundtrack alone would make more worthy then 1 star.
B003NFM3JU|5.0|This is a great video. The story is classic but this version is great in 3D. The effects are used as a way to give expression to the story and not just little effects that add nothing. My fear will 3D is that producers will feel the need to try to utilize effects that don't make the visual any better. This video gave depth and effects that just inhanced the overall effect of the story. This makes the purchase of my Panasonic 3D HDTV a good decision.
1401323820|5.0|This arrived earlier than expected and in amazing conditions! I couldn't be happier! I love this book! It is just as enthralling as you expect from watching the show! :)
B0037AGASG|5.0|I think Justin is going to make it in the music industry since his second album, My World 2.0 sold over a million copies worldwide! I  would really get this CD, cause it's great! Justin is outstanding and first time great teen singer!        Kia J. Owens
0143038583|5.0|This is a great book...especially paired with In Defense of Food and Food Rules!  Next try Eating Animals and there is no turning back.  Spread the good word.
B0009XNUK0|4.0|Two cd set, terrific summation of MJ's career. Truth be told, they could have fit all the REAL hits on one cd, as there's a lot of fat on the second disc . Hey - -  they could be guilty of worse. Buy it used for $4.00, enjoy.
B002BU0DPE|4.0|Before buying this headset I read a lot of reviews. Most of them agreed, giving good scores. I just recently noticed that the price dropped $20 (I bought it when it was around $80) and I thought \\"it will be a good idea writing about this headset\\", you know in case you were still having thoughts.<br /><br />I think the most important question here is to answer: \\"will it break? because I've been reading the reviews and some of them said it breaks a lot!\\" I bought mine in July 2010, I've been using it since then and everything is working, no problem at all. Actually I recently bought the DSS to get surround system, but that's a different story. The only problem I've found while using this headset is that sometimes the microphone doesn't work, unplugging it (and plugging it again!) should be enough to fix it. Also, make sure your microphone volume is at least 3, that should be enough.<br /><br />If you have the money to buy this headset you should buy now that is cheaper.
B003H9MSPG|1.0|Sorry, I am very disappointed with this product. Although it looks very impressive, the darts hardly shoot any distance at all.... maybe 2-3 metres (up to 10'). I thought it would be better. Is it not functioning properly? Can you advise... Regards, Geoff
0061711292|5.0|I really enjoyed reading this book!  I read it all in one day that's how good it is !
032147404X|4.0|Very well organized (Topic wise), spiced with Humor and straight to the point articles, I already ordered Part 2 and 3. I recommended it for DSLR beginners;Not recommended for Point and shoot owners.
B003KT3NRA|4.0|I love Vince Neil. I knew before I got the CD it was not going to be Motley Crue. I ended up really liking it and listen to it quite often. Vince's voice is just so unique that I don't think I can't like a song that he sings.
B002ID08QS|5.0|When I listened to this album for the first time I went straight for the high-definition DTS 96kHz/24bit surround soundtrack, and my sound setup instantly came alive with beautiful, high quality music. This album is pure heaven, both from a sonic standpoint, as well as from a musical standpoint. I never bother listening to the PCM, Dolby or CD versions, since the DTS surround is so outstanding. You can really listen to the music as it was recorded in the studio, and every track is filled with absolute sonic pleasure. Musically, this album is exactly what music, and art in general, should be: uplifting, benign, beautiful. And, as a side note, this is what makes my B&W speakers worthwhile. Thank you very much, Mr. Benson.
B000TEUSJK|1.0|Can I avoid rating this movie? Nope so, I have to say that half way through this movie it took everything I could do to keep from gouging my eyes out with a rusty spoon.
B0010SEMP0|5.0|This second book of the Huntress series is even better than the first. I love every single character. I love it when an author creates a strong, beautiful heroine who isn't perfect and who isn't a bitch. And I love a strong, super sexy hero who isn't a wuss or a jerk. Thank you Jeannine Frost for entertaining me without treating me like I'm an idiot.
B003U0AHBO|5.0|I originally saw this movie in the theater with my girlfriend.  We liked it then and enjoyed it even more in the extended DVD version.  Some of the added scenes really reinforce some of the character interactions.  I really liked this movie as it looked at a familiar story in new and refreshing way. Russell Crowe is very likable and not the tragic character as in Gladiator but shows a love of life.  Cate Blanchett is wonderful (as always)and the two of them seem to develop a great chemistry on the screen.  Max von Sydow does a great job and works well with both Crowe and Blanchett.  As far as Robin Hood movies this would rank at number two for me (with Robin Hood with Errol Flynn as number one and Men in Tights as number three).
0316067938|3.0|I read many of the previous reviews and thought. Give me a break... could the disappointment most of these readers experienced be a result of trying to take a teenage vampire love story and trying to turn it into an adult vampire love story. I am truly a vampire story enthusiast... and I did have trouble following some of the plot because it was rather juvenille. Howeverm, when I reminded myself of the target audience,I was invading their world,it wasn't trying to cater to more developed taste. The author wrote this with teenagers... really pre-teens in mind. It's primary objective is to allow the reader to escape into an imaginary world from a teenage perspective.  You can tell that the author wanted to try to intertwine some traditional values for her young audience to consider. Many of her beliefs clearly show in her writing but what's wrong with that.     When you try to make The Twilight Saga the Underworld... or the Kendrids... or the Queen of the Damned you will undoubtably be disappointed. It's not them and wasn't trying to be those type of vampire stories. To judge it on the level of those books is to take away it's charm and rob the author of keeping her audience through all four books. Don't be what they call a hater... maybe it wasn't your cup of tea or style of reading but it was enjoyable. The goal of true reading is to take us away for a moment and pull us into a world of make believe. Readers were challenged, teased and engaged into wanting to pursue and see where the trip would end. We wanted to know the whos... whats... and whys. It took a classic theme and put a youthful, modern spin to it. We are introduced to characters who are old but they don't look ancient.  doing. It brought them into 2010.      No it's not going to get a Pulitzer but it's a fun trip. Lighten up.
B001IBIHQ4|5.0|I purchased The Pacific about a month ago and watched it with a friend right after Thanksgiving.  We both thought it was great, though at times we had trouble following all of the characters as the the three main characters went in different directions (one doesn't even really enter into the fray until a year has passed).  Both my friend and I are avid readers of WWII history, I have a more general interest while my friend is more specialized but we enjoyed the authentic weapons, uniforms, vehicles and tactics.  The battle scenes were very graphic and I think captured the pure terror of going against your instinct of self preservation to achieve a goal that you might not understand.  Our only complaint with the series is the map behind Chesty Puller in the first episode. It is very wrong.  It shows the Germans occupying Iceland (the British occupied it after the Danes surrendered in April, 1940 and later we took over the occupation from them).  It also shows the German lines in Russia as they were in the fall of 1942 not December of 1941. Thus the map shows the Germans at Stalingrad a year early.  For all the work that went into this series to make it as historically accurate as possible it puzzles us that they made such errors with this map.
B003N7GATM|5.0|I am an avid NIN fan, and have enjoyed Trent's work from Quake to movie soundtracks to the Ghosts compilation. I was lucky enough to get to see the Lights In The Sky tour, and I thoroughly enjoyed this EP. \\"The Space in Between\\" is fantastic (best with video), and \\"A Drowning\\" combines stark emotion with a satisfying musical double-meaning. Mariqueen's voice is appropriately haunting and melds well with the music. Six good pieces from three aural artists. I look forward to more from this talented group.
B0040JHXTI|5.0|I just received this as a gift from my girlfriend, and I was a bit skeptical of the whole thing. 4 days later and I'm in deep... This box set is an intense musical journey through Springsteen and the E Street Band's most prolific period, and I can't believe that the songs that were discarded from the Darkness album hold so much weight. There are a lot of complaints on the new vocals/overdubs added, but I'm just thrilled to be able to hear these songs in a completed fashion. I've heard the bootlegs and sure, a few of the vocal tracks from '77-'78 might have been better, but overall, the songs weren't completed. The remaster of Darkness pops, and sounds great. The performance from 2009 is amazing and the intensity and emotion is moving and inspiring... These guys have still got it all right! The 1978 Houston show is pure magic, this band is unbeatable! I dare any band to try and give as much as Bruce and the boys do in the first 4 songs of this concert as they could do in a whole show or whole career at that. The other Thrill Hill Vault DVD gives a great insight into the rehearsal and studio side of things as well as some phenomenal live footage from Pheonix in '78 including a stellar Badlands and Rosalita. Seriously, I can't stop watching/listening to this. To top it off, the notebook? Hours and hours of enjoyment. This includes many early drafts of these songs in his handwriting, and it just shows you how much he put into each song writing and re-writing and more rewriting, this is a true craftsman working hard at his craft and I appreciate all of his music/lyrics much more. If you like Bruce, get this and you will worship him, if you don't like Bruce, just get this and you will be converted. The bar has definitely been raised on box sets forever!
B002ZG98M8|1.0|This movie had such a good set up.. and then fell flat on it's face. It just wasn't good. I'm a hardcore fan I've seen all the movies and read many novels based on the alien and predator franchises and I've never heard of this other race of predators. To me, that ruined the movie (among other things). They took the original predator, the icon of badassery from my childhood, and had him b*** slapped around like a ragdoll. They took the most bad ass thing in the universe, and made it into a big p***y. Why would they throw a screwball at us with this random new race of predator? I just don't get it. No need for that, stick with the original. It wasn't broke don't try to fix it.    Yet another fond child hood memory.. raped. Indiana, predator, star wars.. all ruined. I wish I could be more specific but I don't really remember much of the movie other than I started hating it 20 minutes in and wanted to walk out of the theater. This movie sucked and everyone giving it above 3 stars has no taste.
1569242739|5.0|This book is perfect for vegans and non-vegans alike!  I've made several recipes in here and they all have turned out perfect.  I've made cupcakes using a gluten-free flour mixture that is listed in the Cookie book as well as whole wheat flour and all purpose baking flour and the results come out very similar.  The cupcakes last longer than store-bought or the package mixed cupcakes and the frosting is the best I've ever tasted.  I will say to make sure your icing doesn't start running all over the place to make sure the cupcakes have cooled completely and the icing is at relatively the same temperature.  I was too impatient the first few times and ended up with some icing dripping off the cupcakes in a weird fashion.  Read the book though-the author is clever and hilariously funny-its not your generic cookbook, this is absolutely great!  I made cupcakes for my family who are not vegan and are pretty freaked out to try anything with \\"vegan\\" in the name.  I brought these cupcakes over to a few family gatherings and my family couldn't tell the difference (obviously) The recipes are very simple and easy to follow, the directions are very detailed and these take absolutely no time to make.  A perfect cupcake book if I do say so myself.
B003L77GH4|5.0|This series makes movies like twilight look like a cheap cartoon flick!! By far the best vampire series i have ever seen. Very well written, directed, and the cast is superior to none. I enjoy it immensely along side of Smallville & Supernatural. Definitely my top 3 so far!!!!!!
B00003CXTG|5.0|I love this movie! I know that when I order something from you, I can expect to receive it it in just a few days. It's in first rate condition as any new movie should be.    I tell everyone I know to order what they're looking for from you.
B003L20IJM|5.0|The Nanny McPhee films are wonderful.  First off, this Return, is not just Pt II, it is  volume II, and deals with many of the same issues, with others tossed in.<br /><br />In this case, our Nanny is called to help a young mother with three young'uns while her husband is away.  Instead of matrimonial problems, there are gambling debts to be paid while lessons are learned.  Problem solving with McPhee is thinking outside the breadbox, in fact, this franchise in the making could be a successful parenting/problem solving seminar.  Parenting With Nanny McPhee..Magic in the Huddle (or something like that).<br /><br />Maggie Smith and Emma Thompson are a good pair for the film that makes this believable, entertaining, and educational (for consequence based parenting).<br /><br />My first look at the DVD cover reminded me of Bednobs and Broomsticks...both have magic, and a nanny who comes to rescue.  This is a film that will be fondly remembered as one of the highlights of our generation.
B001P9EQH8|5.0|Though tiny, this audio control is a vital addition for anyone listening to music or TV using headphones. Suddenly the variance in audio level from one TV channel to the next disappears. I wish I would have found this product years ago!
B003V6L94Q|5.0|All 14 songs on this album are incredibly wonderful and thought out...I listened to the album for 7 hours straight on my way back from Orlando...I can't believe it is even better than their first album! \\"Colder Weather\\" is sure to be a big hit...it reminds me of \\"Please Come to Boston\\"...a song I absolutely love...Zac Browns voice is just so great!Ahh...lemme turn my IPOD on and listen to the album again!
B000N0W9WO|4.0|This movie was very well edited. I think that this was one of Cameron Diaz's best performances and she and Jude Law work very well together. Unfortunately there is no real chemistry between Kate Winslet and Jack Black.
0143038419|3.0|The first part of this book EAT set in Italy was great; loved it; so funny and fast reading.  The second part PRAY set in India - eh, okay but \\"keep reading - I don't ever not finish a book\\" but by the third part LOVE set in Bali I just couldn't do it anymore and I basically skimmed through the last of it.  Fortunately my friend had highlighted all the good and meaningful lines.  Disappointing because I really thought it was going to be great.  Try it if you must but be prepared for a let down; haven't seen the movie but probably will one day.  Love that husband of Penelope Cruz....
B0037KMHRY|5.0|The answer is, NOTHING! This soundtrack is amazing. It is a masterpiece. Why are people already trolling on this. We have not had a movie score like this in a long, long time. This is awesome. I dont want or need to go into detail about the music here because others have already taken care of that. I just cannot fathom how some are giving this bad reviews already. The mass majority of users out there today are so cynical and negative. We need to re-connect as a whole society and not take movies such as TRON so seriously. It's pure popcorn entertainment. It's supposed to be fantasy and not reality. People are already bagging on the film as well. I for one believe that, since this soundtrack is sooooo amazing it will do nothing but enhance and contribute to the movie making it even better.
B003WTE886|5.0|Absolutely amazing. Cannot describe in any other way. This girl wrote every single song ON HER OWN. Do people not realize how freaking hard that is? It just shows she is a true artist and definitely deserves every bit of success that has happened to her. And can I also say the songs get so stuck in your head? You know its a good CD when they do that. <3 Fav song is \\" mean \\" and \\" dear John \\"
B004DK5CW4|5.0|I have to say that I usually view true story interpretations with a slant, but this story was great! Secretariat was and always will be the greatest racehorse of all time, and this movie does him the justice he deserves. I think it really helps that the real Mrs. Tweedy was still around to help tell the story, along with Lucian and Ronnie. My daughter and I went to see this movie 3 times, and we cried with tears of pride each time. I think it was a well thought out movie, and the did a great job of trying to fit everything into a decent timeframe. I recommend this movie highly to horse-lovers or really just anyone out there who would like to see a true-life, feel-good story. :-)
B0032BMTCQ|5.0|These are just terrific shorts.  The fit is perfectly smooth and ergonomically correct, and the Ozon chamois is slightly stretchy to mold smoothly to your body.  I have a couple of pairs of Italian bib shorts which are pretty good, but these are the ones I always reach for first.  Well, except in extremely hot weather, where I might choose a pair with the bib cut a little lower for better ventilation.  But really, these are just about flawless.  Size-wise, a medium fits me perfectly; I'm a bit over 5'10\\", 152lbs, 31.5\\" waist.
B0040JHXTI|5.0|Everything about this \\"box set\\" is just fantastic.  The live show from Houston in 1978 is a real treat.  The \\"new\\" songs really do make a great Springsteen CD.  It's amazing to see almost first hand just how prolific Springsteen was during this time.  Well worth the money.
0307454541|1.0|I don't know how in the world this ever made it to the best sellers list! It is so slow, boring, and a just plain aweful read. Again I just don't know how it ever made it big and why anyone would want to read another one.
B0040YFR1Y|4.0|Love the movie,I'm a Sci-Fi freak so that should go without saying. This blu-ray looks really nice,wish there were more features of course. I always try to get the digital copy with my movies to transfer to portable media.
0395389496|5.0|Santa Clause leaves my children a bell each year as I am sure he knows that reading this is part of our Christmas Eve tradition! My kids love reading the book, watching the movie, drinking hot chocolate and anxiously awaiting the arrival of Christmas morning!
B000LB7G00|5.0|The SpaceNavigator SE is just what you need to navigate 3D space in your 3D program. I use Poser Pro 2010, Vue Infinite & PS CS5(check their web for compatable programs, however it doesn't work with the 2d based Anime Studio). After you become aquainted with the eye/hand skills necessary to use it (which take an hour or two with the included puzzles & guides) you will wonder how you lived without it!! It works very well with the Bella keyboard & Wacom tablet I use. Get one you'll love it!!
B003NFM3JK|5.0|As a middle school reading teacher, I appreciate when I can show my students the movie version of a book.  As we are finishing up the classic piece of literature, A Christmas Carol by Charles Dickens, I love that I can show this movie as an \\"unabridged\\" version of the literary work!
B003L77G38|5.0|Fringe does what the X-files failed to do. They both started off with similar concepts but somewhere along the line the X files went off track and started pursuing aliens, and got a little too Sci-Fi. Fringe on the other hand attempts to keep it in the realm of theoretical science, by continually asking us WHAT IF? and IS IT PLAUSIBLE? thats the appeal with Fringe for me, the concepts are not far fetched Hollywood Sci-Fi impossibilities, but based on questions that Physicists and other scientists have been fantasizing about for decades. I already have season one Blu-Ray, seasons two and three are next.
B000AGTPUU|5.0|I think this is an OUTSTANDING holiday movie!  I have watched this movie a million times with my children, and possibly more than that.  I highly recommend this movie.
B001MYIXAW|4.0|i've not much to add to the other reviews, but i do want to say this film very much captured what living in europe is like. the visuals and the quiet strangeness of the film really struck a chord with me. i am a sucker for atmospheric horror films, and this hit the spot.<br /><br />the story, characters, acting, and directing are all superb. an odd little tale with an authentic setting.<br /><br />whether you are into the vampire craze (i am not) or not, this is a quality film well worth watching.
B000NH7SZ0|5.0|The same product has been on sale at hp.com for $400!  Ordered this to upgrade the memory on my HP Color LaserJet CP2025dn.  Shut down the printer, unplugged it from the outlet, then hit the power button to drain any power left in the printer (this is essential!).  The memory went in very easily.  Upon restart, the printer recognized the memory chip and has worked flawlessly since.
B002VECM4K|3.0|This isn't one of the top blu ray movies that I have seen.  This could be due to the original filming.  I haven't seen this on dvd but I don't think it could look that much different then this blu ray.
0446569895|5.0|Ozzy has got to be the most likeable celebrity I've ever seen. He has been through things I could only dream of, is as genuine as they come and can really tell a story. I thought I heard every story there is about him, but you will find some tidbits in this book that weren't really public before. Get ready for some laughs too. Awesome read!!
0525423273|5.0|Anna doesn't want to go to school in Paris. She doesn't want to leave her BFF or her potential boyfriend. Her father's making her spend her senior year at an American high school in France.<br /><br />Her first night there, she's crying her eyes out at her situation when the girl next door invites her over for hot chocolate. Meredith introduces her to her friends and takes Anna under her wing. There's Josh, Rashmi, and St. Claire.<br /><br />St. Claire's English accent makes Anna want to swoon, not to mention his dreamy good looks. Half the girls in the school are in love with him. Anna's determined not to fall under his spell, but the more they hang out, the more she feels drawn to him.<br /><br />He's seriously off limits as he has a girlfriend. That doesn't stop her from being friends. Soon, he's her best friend - they go to the cinema together and explore other parts of Paris. It isn't long before Anna's questioning everything he says for double meanings. Paris is the city of love after all, could she find love with her best friend?<br /><br />My Thoughts: I've been hearing about this book for MONTHS and everyone raved about it. I ran out and bought it and devoured it. It didn't disappoint - it's romantic, dreamy, full of tension, and almost perfect. I wouldn't have minded more scenes exploring Paris. I loved Anna. She was smart, had great dreams, and found herself in Paris. I liked how she analyzed everything. I loved St. Claire - he's dreamy and funny. I loved how he and Anna really understood each other and how they goofed around so much. What a smashing debut novel!!!!! I can't wait for Lola and the Boy Next Door
B0041KKYBA|5.0|Although I have read 1/2 a dozen books on the financial meltdown, including \\"Too Big To Fail\\", \\"The Big Short\\", \\"The Sellout\\", \\"13 Bankers\\", and even \\"The Lords of Finance\\" (about events and key players leading to the Great Depression), this documentary surpasses them all. The opening scenes involving an idyllic country called Iceland and how they got caught up in the financial vortex grabs you right at the get go, and once the movie really starts by focusing on crime scene central, the lower tip of Manhattan, called Wall Street, you are in for a fascinating two hours that will tell you all you need to know about one of the biggest financial meltdowns of the last 100 years, surpassed only by the Great Depression. You will meet all of the leading bad guys and a very few of the good guys and girls who saw this financial accident waiting to happen and tried to warn the government authorities but were rebuffed at every turn. It is truly breathtaking how many of our institutions let us and the world down, including our government (Democrats and Republican's), Wall Street, the banks, the rating agencies, Fannie and Freddie Mae, academics from the leading business schools including Harvard and Columbia. Some of the interviews with the perpetrators of this meltdown are riveting and leave the viewer aghast at how casually they put our economic system at risk in order to line their own pockets. Yes this movie will make you very angry but it will also educate you on how Wall Street and the banks have amassed such immense financial power that can threaten the well being of not only the United States but the rest of the world. The beauty of this documentary is how the interviews are interspersed with simple to understand graphics which explain the dimensions of this meltdown and how  financial transactions move around the world showing how those who took on the risk were able to pass the risk on the others through the ratings agencies which were the enablers. This is one powerful movie that is must viewing for anyone wanting to know how we got ourselves into such a mess. This is a movie to buy not rent. It is a valuable reference and will make for a great DVD to loan out to your friends.
031603438X|5.0|My intake of anything \\"Stones\\" began in 1964 California and continues to present.  Reading Keith's book is to look at the years of his life that paralleled my own, so I have lots of personal memories flashing by as I turn the pages.  Keith's book is a joy ride to read and also insightful and instructive as to the real life of the hottest rock star(s) ever to grace this planet, in my self assured opinion.  I am still reading and still loving every delicious moment of this book.  And, I have to say, it's a very class act that this book is manufactured with taste.  The binding is designed to assure many revisits to a cherished book without losing pages due to shoddy, cheap production.  And, this I love, the cover of the book is almost leather like; I always take the dust cover off to enjoy a book and this particular gem has an almost velvety touch, designed with gorgeous colors.  Kudos to the designers! This tome will end up on my high shelf.  This is a living, breathing testimony crafted by by a man who knows how to suck the marrow out of life and lives his own in the highest enjoyment of his art.  Long Live Keith!
B00436GNVC|1.0|First, let me say after I first heard Rockferry I became a Duffy fan and eagerly anticipated her next CD. Rockferry is still very much on my iPod playlist and one of my most favorite CDs. With that said, I couldn't be more disappointed in this newest CD. I couldn't get into any of the songs. As some reviewers stated if you were a big fan of Rockferry you may find you don't like Endlessly. This is very true in my case. What happened to that \\"back in the day\\" soulful, R&B catchy sound that I loved on Rockferry? I wasn't looking for a repeat of Rockferry but I really hoped this latest CD would have that old style soulful sound. Sorry Duffy, but I'm going to remain hopeful that I'll like your next CD.
B002RKSZKI|5.0|Emma is a great classic book to read. I love jane Austen novels and this one is great. Arrives quickly and at a great price.
B001TH8UUA|5.0|THIS CABLE DOESN'T LOOK AS FANCY AS THE ONES YOU SEE AT THE ELECTRONICS STORES/DEPARTMENTS BUT IT GETS THE JOB DONE AND VERY WELL. USE WHAT YOU SAVE TO BUY A COUPLE MORE DVDS AS YOU CAN SAVE THAT MUCH WITH IT. ENJOY. THE MORE I BUY AT AMAZON THE MORE SATISFIED I AM.
B004259BMM|5.0|As expected, you will NOT be disappointed in this cd.  You can feel Keith's heart and soul on every song in this album.  He stays true to his country roots with his amazing banjo and guitar solos. Everyone will be able to relate to these songs on some personal level and enjoy them over and over again.  Don't miss out on this jewel!
0711986746|2.0|As a long time FM/Queen fan, I have read much on his life. This version seems to reflect a fairly cold and shallow Freddie Mercury, and little to almost no true insight into the man. The book seemed very selfserving for Freestone (nicknamed Phoebe by Freddie)and a lot more is written about him versus Freddie. The book jumped around a lot too, and there was no introduction to most of the characters the author mentioned in this book. For example, once or twice he mentions \\"Jim\\", but says nothing really about Jim, who he is, or Jim's relationship to Freddie, nor does he include any pictures of Jim, but somehow shares multiple pix of the same less-important aquaintances. Jim is Jim Hutton, the person Freddie chose to share his home, love and intimacy the last 8 years of his life, and loved him to the extent that he stopped his wild sexual escapades (confirmed by band members) and ultimately wore a gold band given to him by Jim until the day he died. He called Jim his husband. Jim was significant and should have gotten more attention in the book. There are also too many pages in this book consumed with far too extensive details of the things Freddie purchased, and pays little attention to the real feelings and emotions of Freddie, the people close to Freddie, and the combination of shyness and insecurity Freddie exhibited. There was a lot on insignificant people in Freddie's life that had little value. There were some quirks and historical info about Freddie I learned that were new to me, so, for this, the book was worth reading. If I was not a FM fan, I would have been bitterly disappointed wasting time and money on this book, but for me, it is an add to my Freddie collection. I highly recommend for any fan who wants a something more complete, purchase Jim Hutton's version called Mercury And Me. Now out of print, you can find it on many sale and resale websites. It is a warm and touching insight into Freddie, his kindness and generosity, shyness, insecurity, dedication to true friends, relationship with band members, how he finally found happiness in love and life, and does not hold back about those who were good or bad to him.to true friends, relationship with band members, how he finally found happiness in love and life, and does not hold back about those who were good or bad to him.
B0036EH3WK|5.0|I FINALLY received my collection after the first shipment was LOST in the mail. I opened it up and was smiling from ear to ear. Once I watched a couple discs I was in love. I couldnt believe I had one of the best IF NOT THE BEST TV programs in my possession..Its 100% top notch from top to bottom..The box OR boxes are awesome quality. Very neat package..I got in on the awesome deal Amazon was running this holiday, so I got the Bluray collection for 127$s/h..Very happy..
B0041MFOE0|5.0|My DVD arrived in 4 days, which was very fast.  It was in good shape.  What can you say about this classic movie?  It will always be a favorite. I enjoy it so much and can watch it over and over.
B0049P1VHS|2.0|the first season only has 6 episodes. at the time of ths writing, there are only minimal special features. so let me break this down.<br /><br />6 amazing, amazing, 1 hour episodes (90 minutes for the first episode) for 40 dollars, brought down to 28 (lets say 30) dollars through Amazons price-drop.<br /><br />thats roughly 5 dollars an episode. is 5 dollars worth one hour for you? not even a full 60 minutes; its 40 minutes, 5 dollars.<br /><br />I'll wait until a severe price drop before I pick this up, I refuse to pay for more than I receive.<br /><br />just to let you know, the 2 stars isnt for the show. the show deserves 10 stars, hands down. I'm only rating the product that AMC seriously needs to reconsider prices for.
0953104907|5.0|If you really plan to build your guitar (it is really hard), I would recommend buying this book and the one by Martin Oakham, as neither one by itself is enough to get enough knoledge to build your dream guitar in your first try.     If you are just reading it for educational purposes, you'll be surprised by how much you'll learn.     Although the editing of the book is meant to be read educationally and not as a manual to build your guitar, after a thorough reading you will have a pretty good idea of how to do it. It has a lot of sidenotes and recommendations, and the walkthrough given by the author of the guitars built will surely leave you satisfied with this purchase.    5 Stars definitely.
1577311523|2.0|I was recommended this book by an acquaintance. I thought it would have something new or at least intriguing to offer, but I was disappointed. I couldn't even get past the first chapter. It was dry and unoriginal.
B002ZTQVGQ|5.0|This animated film has the rarest kind of charm in it.  It is truly magical, every single character lovable, and the setting and pace are strong throughout.  My second favorite Studio Ghibli film, following \\"My Neighbor Totoro\\"!
B001EC3JME|3.0|The Good:  Great price, very snug, secure fit to any flashlight, rotating clip leaves you hands free on walks (great for walking dogs).  Seems very durable.    The Bad:  The makers obviously couldn't decide if they wanted this to attach to belts using a clip or a through-the-loop method, because they tried to do both.  The result is a maddening device that is utterly perplexing and infuriating to use.  A similar approach was used in the overall design; it is almost impossible to get a small diameter flashlight crammed into the holder (I have a Coleman multi-color LED).  They should make a version for AA & AAA flashlights and another for C & D flashlights.  Then everybody wins!    Overall, the best thing out there for the price and it does the job.  You'll want to leave the flashlight in it all the time, however.
B000RIWAVW|5.0|What can I say?  This movie is a classic!  I purchased it because the other DVD I had disappeared!
0060531053|5.0|I've been brewing for over a year now, with great success.  As intimidating as it was at first, this book helped me understand the basics of brewing, and got me off to a good start.  This is not the only brewers book I own, but it will always be in my library.  I like Charlie's laid back, relaxed style.  He explains things in a way that a beginner like me could easily understand.  The advanced section was very informative, explaining not only brewing technique, but also the chemistry and science behind it all.  A great book for beginners, and I recommend it for brewers of all stages.
0439023521|5.0|This book from the very beggining is a grabber! I started with the \\"sample\\" on my Kindle and was frantic by the end of the sample to download the book straight away. I consumed this book, not just read it. A definate buy for someone who is looking to get lost in a book for a day or two.
B000B5OD4I|5.0|I received this watch for my birthday and I really love it. The watch itself is a big change from my normal Seiko 5 because of the weight and size difference. After getting used to the weight I really fell in love with this watch. The locking mechanism for adjusting the watch is very simple and easy to use. The ability to lock and unlock the knob is really a great idea. All in all I think this is another great product from Seiko!
0743454537|4.0|The book has a quick start to it, and is kept relatively fresh throughout with the change of point of view with each chapter. It provides a personal attachment to the family and close characters in the book. Some may argue that the book might be over-read and overrated, but it comes with reason. Many will find them choosing a character, or pick sides, as the layout of the story allows to do so. Its a good book, and an easy read for anybody looking to be captured into a story.
B0044XV3QY|5.0|This is a great film to showcase your HD Television set.  The picture quality in this film is amazing and with so much extra content.  The three version of the film is in the same disc thanks to the Blu-ray so you don't have to switch discs.  A great buy!
1423113381|5.0|I saw this book at the store not long after I had finished the Percy Jackson series.  I was very skeptical about the book because it was very different from his other series but the more I read it the more I enjoyed it.  This book is about the two Kran kids Carter and Sadie.  When something strang happens to their dad things turn upside down.  This book is not about Greek mythology but Egyiptian.  This book has a great story line and great characters.  I can't wait for the second book to come out.
1433515164|5.0|Bought this bible as a gift for a friend.  It is very nice and exactly what she wanted.  I was impressed with the quality and would recommend it.
B0013ND36G|5.0|I saw the current Terminator movie and decided since I have that in my collection I also need to get the original movies especially since Arnold is the original machine. I was really excited at the animated Arnold in Terminator Salvation. It is so true that the movies are just not the same without him.
B003CFBQBW|5.0|i thought the whole idea of preordering something was so that you'd have some 'special early' claim to that product before the general public...well, here i sit, waiting for the latest 'twilight' soundtrack and dvd and i could've driven to the store and purchased them yesterday. go figure...
B003KUSUG8|5.0|This is a great way for Eminem to make a fantastic come back after all the struggles. I listen to this album all the time. The whole CD is fantastic. Great purchase and great to support the artist
B00337KM2S|4.0|As the U.S. continues to face one of the most heart-aching economic deficits it's ever seen. Thousands are out of work, morale is abysmal and people are losing hope. As the box office indicated last year, many people are looking to see \\"escapism\\" movies, ones that make them forget their problems. Then comes Up In The Air, the timely movie that offers a first-hand look at a man who's been the enemy to many laid off employees over the past two years--the man who does the dirty work your boss didn't want to-- by handing you your walking papers in a professional, succinct way.  Now before you write this movie off, picture this: Ryan Bingham (played by George Clooney) travels 275 days in the year across the country to give thousands of people some of the worst news of their lives--that they've been let go. He has no real home, unless you call the friendly skies his home, he's completely alienated from relationships (friendly or otherwise), and he's perfectly fine with that. No arguments about who's going to pick up the kids from school, no complaints about spending too much time away from home, no hassle about forgetting someone's birthday. No strings attached. And as long as folks are getting laid off by the thousands, Bingham will always be employed and continue to keep his coveted lifestyle...until the day the game as he knows it changes and his life presents a whole new meaning to him. The rules of his professional and personal life are turned around and he's left feeling lost, alone, and--worst of all--vulnerable.  Up In The Air isn't necessarily designed to make you feel sympathetic toward the bad guy, but rather presents the other side of the recession, a side you may be more familiar with than you think. At the end of the day, Up In The Air makes us think about the importance of having someone to come home to and how we define ourselves on the job.
B002ZG981E|5.0|I found this movie brilliantly done, fantastic, and amazing when I saw it in theaters. I have been waiting for it to come out on video for months now. I am so excited to finally get a copy to add to my collection. The acting and performances by the whole team/cast is radiant and spectacular. A must own movie.
B0041KKYEM|5.0|The frilly world of tutus, leotards and plies goes down a dark path in director Darren Aronofsky's twisted psychological thriller Black Swan. One prima ballerina's destructive search for perfection lends to a startling performance of one of ballet's most classic tales.    Oscar nominee Natalie Portman (Brothers, Closer) transforms her body and seemingly her soul into her performance as prima ballerina Nina Sayers who's just been offered the lead role in the new production of \\"Swan Lake.\\" Trouble is, rather than just playing the part of the the white swan, production manager Thomas (played by Vincent Cassel) wants her to take on the roles of both the innocent white swan and the darker, more seductive black swan. Faced with the biggest challenge of her career, Nina goes to drastic measures to outperform not only any performance she's ever done but any performance of those before her and after will do. With an overbearing mother (played by Barbara Hershey) who's also an ex-dancer, Nina feels the pressure from everyone. All of a sudden everyone is a competitor--her mother, the aging former prima ballerina Beth (played by Winona Ryder), and the other company dancers particularly Lily (played by Mila Kunis), who Nina is convinced is trying to sabotage her. All the while the show must go on.    Aronofsky brilliantly gives audiences a peak into Nina's madness with disturbing special effects and sharp sequences that cause you to feel for Nina while also fear for her as she spirals out of control. Portman achieves cinematic excellence as the dainty swan who--with the help of seductive allusions--turns into a fearless black swan. Kunis, Hershey, Ryder, and Cassell are fantastic as the various dimensions of Nina's world. Audiences won't know who to trust and what is real in this terrifyingly great film that will grab hold of you until the final act.
B003OF3R0S|5.0|I am a huge fan of Avenged Sevenfold and got to hear them perform several songs off this album live before purchasing it. I do like nearly the whole thing; some of the songs threw me off a bit but well worth the purchase if you are a fan of their talent and work.
B0043URV8M|4.0|* im not saying i don't like this...  it just isn't as amazing as it should be  harry potter started with the best movie music composer of all time, john williams,(patrick doyle stepped in for a while) then  nicholas hooper, who's music was also very nice esp. the halfblood prince, my favorite hp soundtrack. Then this came out and was somewhat disappointing. i liked Oblivate, but when you look at all the beautiful tragic themes from the 6th movie, it was not very significant. the soundtrack lacks the theme that stayed somewhat intact in all the other movies, which was stupid. this is my main complaint(hedwig's theme). most of this soundtrack is \\"background noise\\" to me, not music. there is good stuff in there, but it should be better. i mean come on, this is the most END to harry potter, the 7th book, it deserves to have a better soundtrack. the eighth movie better have better stuff than this.
B000W91RUG|5.0|A great television series and well worth the price. This team of actors works very well together to come up with a great plot of fun and comedy. A must for fans of the show.
B003NHRIUW|4.0|The Last Song was a great movie.  Lots of great Tybee Island, Georgia scenery and just a great job in acting by Miley Cyrus.  I really did not expect this movie to be good at all, and I watched it merely because it was filmed where I live, but was pleasantly surprised by the story content, and the acting.  My husband even enjoyed it, so it is not just a chick flick.  I would encourage anyone to watch it and my purchase will allow it to become part of my movie library.  Thanks. Amazon!
B000A2WNB2|4.0|The concert on the first disc is definitely one of the best, if not the best, Muse concert out there. Splendid performance and quality. The set list feels very complete and amply shows off songs from both Showbiz and Origins. The second disc having a few hours of great behind the scenes videos from the tour. Truly a great buy. However, only four stars because I could not play either DVD in any of my DVD players, could only play them through my computer (Although I did not try a game system).
B0044KU7KU|5.0|I honestly have no complaints about this album. I love it, cannot stop  playing it and know that they are going to completely kick some butt with the tour! I love My Chemical Romance, they are wonderful musicians, and I love hearing what they bring to the plate! Leaves me wanting more!
B001TH8UUA|5.0|I received the cable and have been using it for a while, it works perfectly, the definition from my hi def computer to the TV is perfect
0385528752|5.0|The Heath brothers have hit it out-of-the-park again. I have purchased seven copies to pass forward to important decision makers. The book provides a very simple but intelligent framework of the very complex human behavior fundamental to making change happen. It then shows how to use their model to make change happen with excellent examples and techniques.
1400064287|5.0|The Heath Brothers take the very complex human behavior of persuasion and provide a tool kit of how to do it. It is a very useful book at many levels. I have pass forward to many friends and decision makers. I use their techniques daily in my sales profession and political activities. I will be re-reading it shortly (A double!).
1572814349|5.0|I bought a set and had to order another since my daughter \\"borrowed\\" the deck and well, you all know what that means so I went ahead and ordered a second set today in fact.    I agree with all other 5 star reviews. This is a beautifully developed deck that is almost too pretty to use as Tarot.    Previous comments about them being a bit too thick--not thick but a little hard to shuffle like you would regular cards but I find that to be more of a personal preference rather than a real product feature because, although you won't be able to shuffle them like the dealers in casinos, all you need to to is use a less \\"bending\\" method or shuffling which is really a non issue.
B002ZG981E|1.0|I love the movie; as a movie:  5 stars.      The disk:  plain sucks.      Just like Avatar, these new Blu-ray disks are not compatible with all Blu-ray players.  I have a Vizeo VBR231 Player, and this movie when played skips forward all over the place.  It must have jumped forward about 8 times during playback.  I have to rewind it back in order to see the parts it skipped; which, sometimes is 20-30 mins forward.    I know they do this crap for copy-protection; but making it incompatible with my Blu-ray player is not helping their cause!  It only makes me want to go buy a pirated version that works!    Before you comment:  There is no update for the VBR231, so no update exists that will fix this problem.  Perhaps they will release one, perhaps not.  Regardless, currently it is really annoying to watch this fantastic movie now and be forced to rewind backwards all the time.  Keep this in mind when purchasing if you have a Vizeo VBR231 player.  I cannot speak for other Blu-rays.  And yes, my comment will be negative even if it is just my type of Blu-ray player.  It doesn't make it right that it works fine on some and like crap on others.
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|I got my movie within 1 week. Highly recommended to order from Amazon as a \\"supplier/seller\\". I order another movie from \\"mediathrill\\" the same day, it arrived in a short period of time too...except it was a wrong movie sent!  So, please don't order from that company and stay with Amazon.
B004B8RWX0|4.0|As some one who has spent time in 3rd world war zones both as a member of the military and later as a NGO aid worker (medic) I find shows like this when done well with human interaction being the driving theme excelent. While the zombie horror element is there its still basicly man vs nature in this case a pathogen or similer. The human condition does not change just becuse the enviroment does and it was refreshing to see that even when survival was on the line hatred like meryls rasict manner as well as internal conflict was alive and well. Its not the zombies  that make this a stand out show for me its the human interaction. I have never seen the graphic novel. But have seen aid workers taking fire during Katrina while trying to help out with bodies rotting in the streets Angola and Balad in 2007 was not much diffrent. This show does a great job of showing the animal that lurks under every one who calls themselves a human.
B0017KIBAI|1.0|I ordered two of these controllers. One worked fine, but the other had a defective C-stick that stopped worked only after a few sessions of play (probably around 2 or 3 hours of use). I'm a techy, and I've been playing video games (Nintendo, specifcally) for over 20 years, so I know exactly what sort of punishment these controllers are supposed to stand up to. Unfortunately, this controller didn't even get close to meeting those standards.
B002ZG97RE|1.0|Don't waste your time with this liberal propaganda movie...unless, of course, you are in deed a liberal! If that is the case, I would highly recommend you watching this film and then throwing yourself into on-coming traffic. I had a feeling this movie was going to have a slant to it before I watched it...turns out I was correct! For the film itself, I found it hard to believe that Matt Damon (Chief Miller) could totally blow off direct orders (throughout the whole movie) from his superiors without any repercussions whatsoever ...and then be offered a job by the CIA, despite his unruly behavior during combat missions...just a bunch of Hollywood-anti-capitalist-lib-tards still mad about the Iraq war.
B000002HJD|5.0|I remember having a dream once that included a vinyl recording of Jim Morrisons spoken poetry. It was weird. A few years later this masterpiece came out - An American Prayer. I can't say I love this recording, only because it was made without any input from Morrison, accept post-humously. Whether Morrison had any inclination of adding music to his poetry is unknown. I think it would be neat to have a version of this cd without all the added music. Just straight poetry recitals by Jim - unedited. Which is how he recorded them. Now, from my understanding, these recordings are not the ones he made on his 27th birthday, but were recorded a few years before then. The recordings he made on his birthday have never been released - to my understanding.    Yes, the poetry readings are great, but probably chopped up and edited to fit the music. My understanding is that there were hours of these recordings of just Jim reciting his words. It would be nice to finally get to hear these as they were recorded. Not to say the music added on the record was bad. John, Ray, and Robbie did a great job putting this together. But by doing so they just created a mythical 7th Doors album with Jim.     As good, or as bad, as this one is, I am still a major fan of this Band and an avid fan of Morrison's poetry. He inspired me to write poetry. But I am still waiting for that pure recording of just Jim reciting the words he loved so much.     I think that time is vastly overdue.
B003VB5E2E|5.0|This video is great- clear video footage, felt like I was right there, awesome artists.  Great variety of blues /vocals.  better than an expensive concert!
B0040YFR1Y|5.0|Im a long time fan of the Predator franchise but I have discovered a problem with nearly all of the sequels. All of the filmakers approach these movies as if you were new to the genre so they sort'a start from the beginning and take 30 or more minutes before you even see a cloaked predator alien.<br /><br />For us long standing fans, we are ready to learn more about the galactic hunters. We want to understand their motivations, their desires, and we want to know more about their culture(s). We are ready to see the predators abilities really open up. For example they fight more like sumo wrestlers with swords and with fewer rules. We want to see more dynamic hand to hand battles. Mabey that's just me but I want to see this stuff. I think there could be an epic story with these guys. Again mabey it's just me.
1400079144|2.0|I have read three Dan Brown books.  The precursor to the DaVinci Code, the DaVinci Code and this.  I thought the earlier one was a bad writer learning his chops, perhaps.  The DaVinci code had a fascinating premise.  I finished it in a condo on the beach in Monterey.  The door to the outside was open and I threw it ouside in disgust at the end.  (I don't litter; I did retrieve it and put it in a trash can).  Someone gave me a copy of this.  I guess I'm masochistic because I read it.  It's hard to argue with the idea that it's impossible to underestimate American intelligence or taste.  Absolutely horrible book.  I avoided one star because he can put sentences and paragraphs together.  Plotting, character development, etc. are the work of someone with minimal talent. His ego, however, is quite intact.  And why shouldn't it be?  He's making a fortune off of people with exceedingly low standards.  If you like him buy it.  You will probably like it.  Sad.
B00005Q66Y|5.0|I agree with you that Gunter Wand is one of the greatest conductors ever.  especially Bruckner. I was given last Christmas by my sister and brother in law the Bruckner Box on TDK Video of 5,6,8,9 and  Schubert Unfinished.  I also have No.7. Bruckner was an Austrian master, not German.  I disagree with you that the Karajan Bruckner 8th VPO DG is overrated.  Penguin Guide gave it three stars and a Rosette.  His DG Video DVD of 1979 performance at Bruckner's monastery (St.Florian) where he was just a great organist, was just unbelievable, and jawdropping sound particularly from the brass players.  I think whenever Karajan  and VPO and Berlin  performed Bruckner it was gospel, and I think Maestro VonKarajan still is the yardstick by which future conductors will be measured.  I have not gotten this one yet, but I hear this is just wonderful, my understanding is that Wand outdid himself in every respect, and so did the orchestra. I also have on my Wand list Beethoven and Brahms and Schubert symphonies also.  just wanted to share some thoughts. thanks. Enjoy.
B0048PU7TC|3.0|I love Norah Jones. I think she's beautiful, and her voice is amazing. If anything, this CD shows her versatility; she clearly fits well into just about any genre (and quite a few are present here). So because of her talent alone, I can't rate this album lower than 3 stars, but the people she is singing with and the songs being sung are not good (with few exceptions such as the Foo Fighters duet and the songs previously released on her other albums). I find myself skipping forward to the enxt track on nearly every song because, at best, it just doesn't catch my attention or, at worst, its a terrible song.<br /><br />Again, I don't blame Norah herself so much; it isn't her contribution that is lacking here. I was actually impressed she could do hip hop so well. But the material itself just didn't support her efforts at all, unfortunately. Luckily, I got this on a lightning deal, so not a lot lost, but unless you're a diehard fan (and you probably own this already anyways), I highly suggest listening before purchasing.
B003C1SPX8|1.0|These DVDs are fake. They are delivered in home made packaging. No such product will ever big released from a real studio.  As someone who used to manage a music store, I can tell fake vs. original when I see it. The prices are low only due to this fact.
B002ZG98FU|3.0|I absolutely love Rachel McAdams.  My fianc&eacute; has been told up front if I ever meet her, hmmmmm, then all bets are off.  Well, after she smacked me I came back to my senses, but still, I have thought very highly of Rachel McAdams since first seeing \\"The Notebook\\".  That is why it is so hard for me to write this review.  \\"Morning Glory\\" was mediocre at its best.  None of the actors seemed to click with each other and the chemistry was about as good as oil and vinegar.  Didn't I hear someplace the two don't mix?  Damn, maybe that was vinegar and oil.<br /><br />After seeing this movie I do wonder how you could pull together a cast with this much talent and come away with such a mundane showing.  Somehow that is exactly what Roger Michell seemed to do and we were left watching his rarely chuckling mediocrity.<br /><br />Rachel's character is Becky.  She is perky, quirky and talks I swear to God nonstop.  I don't think she every closes her mouth, even when she is eating.  She is a producer for a TV show that is about to get revamped and unfortunately the plans do not include her, so she is fired.  Can we all say, been there, done that?  Becky goes into hyper drive looking for a new show to call home and with little family support, her mother should be spanked if that is allowed, finds a home on a flailing morning talk show.<br /><br />Enter Diane Keaton, who I also love in almost every role she plays.  Diane is the aging senior anchor for the show and will do just about anything asked of her on air, including filming her pap smear.  Damn, now there are some things nobody should show on TV, even if people will watch it.  Her sidekick is a sexual pervert and Rachel (Becky) fires him on day one.  I know, it is getting a little boring in the description huh......  Well, that is about how the show played out as it plodded along.  I was hoping when Harrison Ford popped in he would liven things up a little bit, but his character was so dry and dull that he actually took it down to a slower paced, more depressing speed.<br /><br />Mr. Michell (the director) did attempt a half hearted effort at showing a love interest for Rachel McAdams, but like the rest of the cast, there was no chemistry and the scenes played out more like a bad date.<br /><br />I did laugh a couple of times, and I did get to see Rachel on screen which holds a lot of water in my book, but I sure do wish I would have seen something else.  Maybe this will play out a little better once it hits the DVD/On Demand market but I would choose watching \\"The Notebook\\" for the 35th time over seeing this movie again.<br />So I would give it three stars for the attempt, and for giving me a chance to see my favorite Canadian again for a couple of hours, but other than that it wasn't one of my favorites to say the least.e depressing speed.    Mr. Michell (the director) did attempt a half hearted effort at showing a love interest for Rachel McAdams, but like the rest of the cast, there was no chemistry and the scenes played out more like a bad date.    I did laugh a couple of times, and I did get to see Rachel on screen which holds a lot of water in my book, but I sure do wish I would have seen something else.  Maybe this will play out a little better once it hits the DVD/On Demand market but I would choose watching \\"The Notebook\\" for the 35th time over seeing this movie again.  So I would give it three stars for the attempt, and for giving me a chance to see my favorite Canadian again for a couple of hours, but other than that it wasn't one of my favorites to say the least.
075666733X|5.0|\\"The Complete Human Body\\" is clearly and beautifully illustrated.  The text is readily undersood with just the right level of detail.  For the occasional word a reader may not be familiar with, between the glossary, index, table of contents and illustrations it is easy to find out the meaning of the unfamiliar word.  This is a great book for understanding the anatomy, function and diseases of the human body.  When one considers the quality and effort that went into the production of this book, it is amazingly inexpensive.
0811876373|5.0|I love, love, LOVE this book!  I found the authors website and was looking at all her creativity and became so overly excited about how fun and easy these were to make.  I decided to try them out!  I got the book and started making them like crazy!    Bakerella gives step by step instructions on how to make them with great pictures so you know how they should look and how her techniques should be done.  Her ideas are fun and really get your creative juices flowing.  You will be popping right along with her as she shares her great ideas and techniques with you!  And eveyone needs a little cake once in a while...right?!  They taste just a wonderful as they look!
B0017T4IG0|5.0|The vid is cute and appeals to a funny bone. If your computer could take over your life then this one was the first. It is at the beginning of the comp craze and more fun than watching Mayberry RFD. Very lighthearted. Like \\"if your dog or cat could TALK\\" well this comp talks and tries to \\"feel\\". Upbeat.
B001VNB54A|5.0|Another rocking HBO Mini Series that goes perfectly along side with my Band of Brothers Blu ray boxset!!! excellent quality 1080p Picture and slamming awesome HD 7.1 surround sound!!! Tons of bonus footage and material many interactive menus etc. No complaints whatsoever! This is the second Blu Ray i own and if it makes it in my home to my shelf its meticulously selected.! I highly suggest owning this!
B002JH3TW8|4.0|It worked satisfactorily in adapting an old slide scanner to the new fire wire port in a macbook pro.  All data from the slide scanner seems to be transmitted so far.  If I had used it for several months and it's durability confirmed I would have given it 5 stars.
0307588343|5.0|In September 2008 I vividly recall my husband and I watching the unfolding of Lehman Brothers on the news in bewilderment, wondering how could THIS happen. In his book \\"A Colossal Failure of Common Sense\\" Larry McDonald does a superb job writing a historical account of how what was once one of the most respected global financial services firms in the world fell from grace and collapsed.  From the minute I started reading, I couldn't put it down, often thinking about my how my husband's business dramatically changed as a result of the economic melt down. The personal back-story of the author is intriguing and puts life into the book.  And Mr. McDonald's insight into the history and inner workings of Lehman Brothers is nothing short of riveting.  The story goes beyond Lehman, delving into the political processes that allowed, even pushed, risky lending, and the companies that profited.  When you read this book, you need not be a financial expert to grasp the utter arrogance within the upper echelon of Lehman Brothers and the signicant ramifications that insued. Mr. McDonald's personal account of \\"what the hell happened\\" is a compelling story that sends chills down your spine. And like me, you may find yourself wondering ... just how many lessons were really learned?
B0002VEPRQ|3.0|This isn't really a review of either DVD. (Shoot me.)<br /><br />This is just to let people know that the reviews for the 40th Anniversary edition and the 45th Anniversary edition ARE THE EXACT SAME REVIEWS.<br /><br />Please keep this in mind when reading these reviews.
B0013LKZWS|5.0|Well, I already posted a review of Little Voice, but I just thought I would review this CD. I was fortunate enough to find this a week ago in the used section of Amoeba Records. I was ecstatic and super happy that I had found it, as it went out of print two years ago. But the extra content is great. The videos are better quality than those on youtube, and the acoustic versions are great. Overall, this album is amazing! :)
B001E2JNA6|5.0|So I have watched different versions of Pride and Prejudice and observed each actor who portrayed Darcy and always came back to colin Firth.  He portrayed Mr. Darcy excellently and this version has to be my favorite but I also enjoyed the Keira Knightly version and truly loved that Mr. Darcy as well.  If I had to tell anyone interested, I'd definetly say watch this version first and then turn to Keira Knightly's version.  The 1980s version is a good one too but Mr. Darcy is just not interesting enough in that one.  He comes across as a snob at the end of the movie too when he should not be.  His character just didn't fit in the movie.  I would also suggest trying the very old Laurence Olivier and Greer Garson version but be aware that it is very hollywood style of that year.  Very sugary and spicy and corny.  \\"Briget Jones's Diary\\"  is another great version more moderized but yet again Colin Firth performs as \\"Mr. Darcy\\".  It is just as much fun as the Original stories and worth anyone's time.
193413712X|4.0|Oh, what a gorgeous little book Paul Harding gave us to savor one word, one sentence at a time. While I was reading about Harding's character -- a dying man named George Washington Crosby -- I thought that he must first be a poet and second a storyteller. His use of language, both in word choice and metaphor, all came together in one beautiful work. I loved how Harding counted down Crosby's hours and minutes and took me on a journey through his  life. The ending left me more than satisfied. I felt as if I'd just enjoyed a hearty meal. As an author, I appreciate literary fiction. It's too bad there aren't more authors willing to take the plunge. Harding taught me something -- to reach for phrases that are not only delicious but unforgettable. Excellent job, Paul Harding! I want more! Get writing! Gail Lowe, Author of Former Things
B000244FDW|4.0|Ok on regards to this version,  I honestly did not think that this Mr. Darcy was charming or handsome at all.  I prefered Colin Firth and Matthew Mcfayden from the most recent version starring Keira Knightly.  I will say Keira was far too pretty for the role but as Ms Bingley would say, Tolerable enough.  I found that David Rintoul from this 80s version played his role way to snobbish for my taste and Colin Firth did not, nor did Matthew McFayden.  So I enjoyed this version very much but choose to stay with Colin Firth's version and Keira Knightly's version.  It may also be that I am a very big romantic and the more the romance the better.
B003ZEQMIC|1.0|Very disappointed when received the DVD, it does not have the movie it only has a disk talk about the movie .
B0041EVYVK|5.0|great album. classy lanois at and in his element, and what a great band...vibey and super cool...get it,own it,love it, live it, get it.
0345423496|3.0|Earlier this year I made a vow to read all of the Space Odyssey books before 2010. By golly I did it. I was warned that the last two were rather lackluster, and while 2061 struck me as rather perfunctory I did enjoy reading 3001 : the final odyssey even if it did meander and then come to a shuddering halt like a stalled car. I am not a fan of transhumanist, post-scarcity speculative fiction particularly if everyone has abandoned their bodies and are living in some computer server somewhere. Iain Banks and his Culture novels were the sole exception to the genre that I sought out. 3001 is transhumanism with a light hand giving the reader Clarkes' idea of what the far-flung Third Millennium might look like.     Here we find Frank Poole, that guy in the yellow spacesuit that HAL 9000 murdered in the first book floating out in the Kuiper Belt. His corpse is rescued by a deep space mining ship (nice touch) and revitalized after a thousand years by advanced medicine. Through Poole we see how humanity has advanced and expanded through the solar system. Many things I found interesting, such as superstructure of spaceports surrounding the earth, tethered at the Equator by four space elevators. Most people have a chunky human-brain interface implanted in the scalp which I found rather clunky in light of nanotechnology developments. The best parts of Final Odyssey is when we emphasize with Poole's cognitive vertigo when he comes to grips with being 1,000 years out of touch with his species.    There is a plot about the creators of the Monoliths making judgments about which species they advance being worthy and which need extermination so they don't become a violence menace, much of which contradicts previous information on how fast the Monoliths can communicate with one another; but the suspense plot seems a bit mechanical and a token offering in comparison to Poole's journey. Even his reuniting with HALMAN, the HAL 9000/David Bowman hybrid entity is a bit of a distraction. Everything works out in the end and then wump, the ride comes to a stop the bar lifts off your shoulders and it's time to exit your seat. The Space Odyssey is over.
0307408833|3.0|I was so excited to see this book.  It is beautifully written with fun stories and great images, making it fun to use.  However, I have not had any success with the recipes.  They taste nothing like the treats at the bakery - even after lots of practice like Erin recommends.  I have wasted tons of money on ingredients for results I simply throw out.<br /><br />There are so many good reviews already on here explaining my frustrations that I will not go into it. I highly recommend reading through the reviews before purchasing this book.  I wish I did!
1439181780|1.0|Not a single piece of information in this book present anything new or provide more depth from the materials in \\"The Secrets\\". The context of \\"love\\" is overused (to the extent of being abused) by the author. Each chapter linked back unnecessarily back to 'love'; which render this book longer then it should be (or perhaps shouldn't even be written at all). \\"The Secrets\\" alone should be sufficient for positive encouragement/inspiration. I can't help but feeling that I have lost the initial respect for the author, as \\"The Power\\" came across as an unnecessary piece of work which sole purpose was only for author's financial gain.<br />Disappointed.
0765326353|4.0|I picked up the way of kings after seeing stunning review after stunning review here on amazon.com.  After reading through the book and thinking about it for a little, I've come up with a list of my thoughts on it.  They've pretty much all been said before, but here goes:    Pros:  * Undeniably entertaining:  Sanderson throws a lot of things at you, whether it be action, plot development, or general information about the world.  There isn't really ever a truly dull moment.  Yes, some people may prefer less information about the world to move the plot along instead, but I appreciated it.  I enjoy reading about interesting places, and Sanderson's world is certainly both unique and interesting.  Beyond that there is always something happening to the characters, so there is never really a 'dull' moment (beyond some of Shallan's chapters in the beginning, at least)  * A 'new' type of world:  Sanderson's world and its ecology are very distinct from almost anything else I've read.  But, they share a lot of similarities with books such as Dune (hostile environment shapes the world).  * Good plot structure: This is the first book of a planned 10-part series, so one might expect a lot of world building and background information in it, which there is.  But there is also undeniable character development, and at the end of the book the characters have all reached important milestones in their lives.  That said, plenty of interesting things are revealed at the end of the book to make you hungry for book 2, and the characters, while having reached milestones, still obviously have a long way to go towards their respective destinies.    Things of Questionable Merit:  * The writing style: Sanderson's writing is both good and bad.  Its good in that its non-obtrusive, keeping out of your way so you can focus on the story.  Its bad in that its not always stellar writing.  Depending on your preference you will lean one way or the other here.  * Hidden Meanings are not so hidden: Sanderson is pretty blunt with the moralizing and 'hidden' messages in the book.  This is good if you don't like to search for such things, especially with light fantasy reading, bad if you prefer some more complexity.  I personally wasn't expecting the start of a 10 part series to be so straightforward.  * Book 1/10: This is a big book.  Its a quick read, but even so.  And there are 9 more to follow.  From the larger plot threads already established there is easily enough material for 3-4 more books.  I have no idea where the last five will come from though.  If you're wanting a long series you could do worse than this one.  On the other hand you will have to wait for years and years to see the conclusion of this story.    Cons:  * Characters are one dimensional: All of Sanderson's characters are very, VERY (adjective).  Kaladin is probably the best, most well-rounded character, though he too becomes very flat at times.  Shallan has potential but Sanderson cannot quite pull her off properly yet.  Dalinar is un-abashedly one dimensional.  While it is fine to emphasize that each character has a specific trope, after a few hundred pages I more than understand.  * Constant references to Sanderson's other works: Sanderson has said that The Way of Kings happens in the same cosmology as his other works.  He has said that the magic systems are all tied together in a grander cosmology.  He has also said that you don't need to read the other works to fully appreciate the way of kings.  After puzzling through the cryptic chapter headings (many of which reference other works) I disagree.  If you've read his other works its all fine and dandy, but I only have so much time to spare, and I do not want to spend it all reading one author.  * Sermonizing: Parts of the book felt like the characters were giving the reader a lecture on proper morals/behavior/etc.  I actually have no problem with that, I just do not know how appropriate it is to have it happen in book 1 of 10.  If the characters are starting to learn lots of important moral lessons now, in book 1, where will they be going after the end of book 10 (assuming they live that long, of course)?    Now, thats a fairly balanced list of pros/cons/questionable traits, so you might be wondering why I gave the book 4/5 stars.  To put it simply: it entertained me.  The book kept my attention, made me want to read more (I can't wait for the sequel), and made me care about the characters.  So while I understand all of the questionable aspects of the book I will still be picking up the next work in this series.    *note* A little note of mine - I feel that there will be inevitable comparisons between this series and Robert Jordan's after not too long (especially considering that Sanderson is finishing off the Wheel of Time).  I am a bit curious as to how that will play out - Jordan's series was originally supposed to be much, much shorter than it is.  Whether it ballooned out due to greed, due to having a lot more story to tell than originally anticipated, or due to not wanting to let go of the story who can say.  It has shown, however, that it is a struggle to keep such a tight plot going at full steam book after book after book (Steven Erikson's Malazan Book of the Fallen, on the other hand, jumps around a lot between time periods and has a much wider cast of main characters).  If Sanderson keeps the plot as tight in this series as Jordan did (in terms of only focusing on a specific cast of characters in a specific time period) it will be interesting to see if he can keep the action going strong.
1934030597|5.0|I normally don't do reviews but I have fallen in love with this book! I have owned several bike maintenance books such as Park Tool's Big Blue Book and Bicycling's Complete Guide to Maintenance and Repair and they don't even come close to the usefulness of this book! I can attribute this to several things:  -Zinn's diagrams and tables are extremely helpful over the typical photo; it allows a more in-depth view of the component and the illustrations are a refreshing take on a maintenance guide.  -The book is organized well and includes tidbits only a master mechanic like Zinn would know from his years of experience. Repairs are organized by skill level that corresponds to a specific set of necessary tools and experience. He also lists the tools needed for the project.  -His writing has opened my eyes to the fact that most repairs don't need to be perfect; sometimes yanking, fiddling, and improvising is necessary to make your bike run perfectly. Before I was under the impression that most professional mechanics were precise and careful, but I see that their method is not so different from the less-than-perfect method I was already using.    His writing makes bike mechanics not only interesting but even fun! I find myself reading The Art of MTB Maintenance before bed and in my spare time. I've been inspired to tackle repairs I once found daunting and I am learning more in a shorter period of time than I could have ever done with comparable books. I highly recommend this book to every mountain biker as a staple in their repair station.
B0039TD7PY|5.0|My husband and I enjoy watching this DVD and listening to the CD.  The purchase came in quickly and we use it for entertaining company on the big screen.  I'm sure you would enjoy it too!
0374158460|1.0|I typically read several hundred books per year, but rarely find the best sellers to be books I'd add to my personal library. Oprah and I have VERY different tastes in books, so that factor should have warned me. However, I had read and enjoyed 'Corrections'. When this new book came out all hyped to the hilt, I put it on hold at the library. When it arrived, I dug in. Fifty pages into it, I wondered how all the positive reviews could ever have been written....this was the most boring book I've picked up in years. None of the characters were compelling, the story line was non-existant, nothing interesting was happening at all, the dialog was just plain LIMP and I just stopped. Turned the sucker in for the next reader.
B002ZG999U|1.0|This movie sucks , Star studded cast but crappy rediculous story ! I could have went too sleep and wrote a better script myself !!!!!!!! Save your money !!!!!!!!!!
B0044XV3QY|5.0|I received this movie on time without any damage.   The quality is great and you would not go wrong while purchasing this product.
B002ZG98Z0|2.0|Does not stink but not that great either ,Bought it for the wife and she likes it , definitely a chick flick , also these ladies are just too old to do movies about sex anymore  , time too retire and go out gracefully , HINT HINT ! Hope this is the last one , had to buy for my wife but would never buy it without pressure from her , not as good as the first one .
B004EI3ON4|4.0|For this soundtrack, don't think 80s, One More Time, or a new soundtrack masterpiece to cap off an already amazing year. No, think Inception-Lite, then add in some electronic beats. By Inception-Lite, I mean the music between soundtracks is kind of interchangeable, but there's clearly a more quality winner here. In fact, much of the soundtrack barrows from the Hans Zimmer school of thinking, not just the certain horn structure that was so infamously from Inception (The Game has Changed), but the strings, how the strings are arranged, the moods given off, etc. Granted, I know the soundtrack was composed before Inception ever came out, but the whole thing sounds very Zimmer-Esque.<br /><br />Why is this? Well, the soundtrack may be \\"by\\" Daft Punk, but Joseph Trapanese did much of the orchestrations, with only the guidance of Daft Punk. Daft themselves did the electronic work. As a result, the work sounds very much like a modern soundtrack. But since Zimmer holds the example of the modern soundtrack currently in my mind, it sounds very derivitive of that for me. Not that this is a bad thing per say, but the entire score does hold an ever-present feeling of familiarity. It's mixed up by the electronic elements of course, which sound something straight out of a future nightclub, complete with weird DJ stuff, drumbeats and other tricks of the Daft Punk trade. Still, it doesn't sound amazing enough to stand on its own.<br /><br />Another thing I must bring about is the theme. You know, the one introduced in the first track as a grandiose piece, comes back for a couple tracks at the beginning, then starting back with \\"Arrival,\\" dominates the rest of the proceedings. It's a rather simple horn piece, and it's used to great effect, but if feels like it also uses it as a crutch much too often. Introduction moment. Bring in the theme. Action moment. Bring in the theme. Emotional moment. Bring in the theme. Triumphant moment. Bring in the theme. End credits. Bring in the theme, remixed by Daft Punk. You see my point? It's a great and memorable theme, but it's a bit too simple to be as used as often as it is.<br /><br />Overall, Tron Legacy the soundtrack is not bad. It's a solid effort, but suffers from the stark feeling of familiarity wherever you go. Did it really take them two years to compose this? Still it's a must-have for soundtrack fans, and if it draws in non-soundtrack fans, then I'm fine with that too.<br /><br />One thing I'll say though, if the soundtrack's job was to make you want to see the movie, then they certainly accomplished that.<br /><br />3.5/5 StarsPunk. You see my point? It's a great and memorable theme, but it's a bit too simple to be as used as often as it is.     Overall, Tron Legacy the soundtrack is not bad. It's a solid effort, but suffers from the stark feeling of familiarity wherever you go. Did it really take them two years to compose this? Still it's a must-have for soundtrack fans, and if it draws in non-soundtrack fans, then I'm fine with that too.     One thing I'll say though, if the soundtrack's job was to make you want to see the movie, then they certainly accomplished that.     3.5/5 Stars
B002COTI64|5.0|This is, hands down, my favorite album of all time. Regina Spektor pulls off wonderfully complex songs that sound beautiful and have wonderful, thought provoking lyrics. I highly recommend to anyone who likes her musical style.
B002WY65VU|4.0|Zombieland is a movie that shows you do not need a big cast, a big budget or a three hour running time to make a good genre movie. It is a tight script, well acted, with enough gore and laughs to please any Zombie lover.
159102594X|5.0|This review is meant to apply to the series, not just the first book.  Admittedly, there is a lot of build up in the first volume...it might seem slow.  But the second one really takes off and I didn't want the series to end.  (And, if it matters, an essentially identical review is up on my blog.)<br /><br />Okay, not everyone is going to love these books. Some people don't like fantasy. Though these are not sparkly unicorns, fairy dust and pointy-hatted wizards sort of fantasy books. There are wizards...but some of them aren't very nice. And none of them wear pointy hats. Actually, for most of the people in this fictional world, magic is something from history...something made up or, at least, long gone from the world. And the books are...bloody. Lots of battles, described in lots of details. Torture. War and destruction. I think anyone who likes George R.R. Martin's series should definitely check these out.<br /><br />As in Martin's series, the characters here are unforgettable. Starting with Logen Ninefingers, from the North, a hero who speaks to the spirits and wonders if it is possible that he could become a good man. And indeed, when he's possessed by The Bloody Nine, he's not a good man. At least, not a man that differentiates between friend and foe.<br /><br />There's Ferro, a woman from the South, with little room in her heart for anything but seeking vengeance against the Gurkish, a nation that took everything from her, raped her and enslaved her. (Note: She makes a good start on that vengeance in the books.)<br /><br />There's Jezal dan Luthar, a shallow, callow youth who becomes a man...of sorts.<br /><br />There's Bayaz, one of the aforementioned wizards, who gathers these three and a few others for a purpose that remains hidden until near the end. No pointy-hat wearer, he.<br /><br />And there's Glokta dan Sanden, a hero in his youth, who is now broken and crippled after years of torture in the prisons of the Gurkish. Now he is home and in constant pain and...what's this?...working as a torturer for the Inquisition. He's a twisted mass of flesh and bone, with missing teeth and toes...and yet, somehow you come to sort of like him, sympathize with him, admire him.<br /><br />And the end? Let me just say - Along with unicorns and fairy dust, Joe Abercrombie apparently doesn't believe in happy, happy endings. Satisfying perhaps, but not happy.<br /><br />Great, great read. Great series.for the Inquisition. He's a twisted mass of flesh and bone, with missing teeth and toes...and yet, somehow you come to sort of like him, sympathize with him, admire him.    And the end? Let me just say - Along with unicorns and fairy dust, Joe Abercrombie apparently doesn't believe in happy, happy endings. Satisfying perhaps, but not happy.    Great, great read. Great series.
B000GDH9AA|1.0|This live concert had some great musicians with Eric but the sound is really bad. As in prior reviews, it is worse than a bootleg release.  No stereo and low sound.  Stay away from this one EC fans--it is a rip.
0439023521|5.0|I bought this book on the recommendation of a friend, and it seems trite to say it was a PAGE TURNER, but it absolutely was to the point of being hypnotic! I would start reading it around 10:30 at night with the intention of reading for 30 minutes or so, and I'd blink, and it would be 2 in the morning! Yes, I was that ENGAGED!<br /><br />THE HUNGER GAMES is flawlessly written, has well-developed, fascinating characters, and it's fast-paced, incredibly suspenseful, and I can't RECOMMEND IT ENOUGH!!<br /><br />Katniss, the main character, is the kind of hero that everyone can admire. She's incredibly smart. She's a brave and fierce warrior. She's kind to her fellow contenders/rivals as they compete to be the last kid standing. She's the JOAN OF ARC of the 21st Century! And the triangle romance between her, Peeta and Gale weaves another layer of tension and makes the book all the more appealing as we all wonder - who will Katniss choose in the end?<br /><br />The world that Collins has created is unthinkably harsh/brutal, and some might say unrealistic. In that, we Americans would NEVER allow a child to be forced to participate in a fight to the death as is described in THE HUNGER GAMES. However, to me, the plot line provides an interesting parallel. Do we not all toss our young to the societal, corporate and economic wolves upon graduation from high school or college? While, of course, Katniss's life LITERALLY hangs in the balance throughout the tome, but are we not all trying to prepare our children for a perilous journey where the ugly and formidable foe of death awaits us on a bleak and distant horizon? When you think about it, the wheels of commerce could care less about the college graduate who can't find a job (and who could end up homeless) or a weak child who is ill-prepared for the cruel world like Katniss's sister akin to a high school grad trying to find employment/survive who has few job skills. So, are we really that different?<br /><br />Okay, soapbox aside, lastly, THE HUNGER GAMES is an outstanding MUST READ. And I'd like to THANK Scholastic books for having the testicular strength (he he) to publish this novel. In the current bottom-line driven publishing arena where the drab prose of the mediocre is often KING (no reference AT ALL to S King) for fear that a book might be too cerebral for today's readers, which SADLY reinforces the practice of producing the bland diet of the massively over-published J Patterson and his ilk, my hat is OFF TO THE EDITORS of Scholastic for providing a truly masterful work of fiction!!! Additionally, the second book is just as awesome... can't wait to read the THIRD!<br /><br />Peace out from the Buckeye state...<br />L Loganis an outstanding MUST READ. And I'd like to THANK Scholastic books for having the testicular strength (he he) to publish this novel. In the current bottom-line driven publishing arena where the drab prose of the mediocre is often KING (no reference AT ALL to S King) for fear that a book might be too cerebral for today's readers, which SADLY reinforces the practice of producing the bland diet of the massively over-published J Patterson and his ilk, my hat is OFF TO THE EDITORS of Scholastic for providing a truly masterful work of fiction!!! Additionally, the second book is just as awesome... can't wait to read the THIRD!    Peace out from the Buckeye state...  L Logan
1591396190|3.0|Blue Ocean Strategy is a worthwhile read for any business wanting to position itself for a profitable and long future. It takes a while to make the point, which really could be summarized in a few pages - but aren't most business and strategy books like that?   I would recommend it to many friends who are starting out in their own buisinesses.
B0029358GM|4.0|If you liked Sky Blue Sky you will probably enjoy this, and I did like Sky Blue Sky a lot! I'm a fan of Wilco's earlier work like Summer Teeth and Being There as well as Jeff Tweedy's solo work. This recording is in that same arena for me. It's definitely worth a listen, enjoy.
B000000W5A|5.0|I missed this first time around and caught up with it as the recent remastered issue. But the 1972 virgin version is more coherent and I am pleased I bought it. It arrived in mint condition even though said to be used. An all round 5 star buy.
B0016MJ6HY|5.0|I don't know who reviewed this film before me, but they're all wet. Maybe I differ because I've never seen a movie by this director, so I looked at this one with a fresh, unbiased perspective. I thought BLUEBERRY was great and so did my wife who watched it with me on cable. I love quirky, character-driven pictures, and this one fits the genre. To my mind it's a pic about life, love, loss, and redemption, and along the way we see some interesting characters and portrayals. I didn't find anything wrong with the performances, though I could agree that one or two [e.g. Weisz] were slightly over the top. On the whole, they were believable and engendered close attention and even sympathy. Jones and Law deserve top billing, esp. since this was Jones' first acting gig. She was perfect for the role; just great and thoroughly believable. Portman's performance was solid. I was especially taken with David Strathairn's interpretation of the drunk cop trying to retrieve the irretrievable. He first caught my attention as the wayward CIA boss trying to kill Jason Bourne. Here he was a heart tugging guy refusing to let go of his soon to be ex. Yet he's still able to treat a young newcomer on the scene with tenderness and generosity His tears and deep pain were totally believable. Bravo. This is a film that is mostly 'down', so folks looking for something uplifting and flighty need not watch. But the message[s] provoke lots of thought and even weighing of one's own experiences compared to the two lead characters. Who hasn't wanted to hit the road when adversity seemed unbearable, as Elizabeth does after betrayal? And who hasn't wanted to stay in touch with that other person you happen upon, hoping s/he remembers and cares and wanting for some reason to maintain that thread of attachment 'just in case'. Who hasn't yearned for recapturing love after one has let it walk out the door, hoping against hope. And who hasn't fallen in love with somebody who just doesn't think of you in the same way? After watching the film, I went straight to Amazon to find the DVD. Any movie buff who hasn't seen a Wong before film should watch this one with unbiased eyes, and even some who have tasted Wong's work before might consider a look-see.
B002H3F7F6|3.0|One of the great things about 'art' is the power to appeal differently to people, sometimes even differently to the same person at different times! This is one of those albums and I love/hate/don't mind it but that's just today...the main reason I came here was to check my copy wasn't faulty and meant to sound like that, I was curious how the vocals could be too slow while the instruments were right!  Anyway \\"If on a Winters Night\\" is certainly stimulating...
B003XMUFGQ|5.0|The first cut took me back to the late 60's with a Canned Heat sound (I'm on the road again...).  The old blues songs are great and Wynton Marsalis does some great Dixieland trumpet.  Many songs are just perfect easy listening tunes.  My Dad raised me on Dixieland Jazz, so I enjoyed hearing Eric Clapton try his slow hand at that...
B001UV4XFG|1.0|I wish I had known that pre ordering means nothing.  The movie has been out at Costco since last Saturday.  I do not have the DVD.  I will never pre order another DVD from you.  It was in Bellville Michigan at 4:16 this morning?  My daughter way up north in Michigan received her's 120910.  Where is mine?  this is not acceptable customer service.  My goodness.  I could have picked it up in Kentucky and driven it home is less time!  I am so done with this!
B003EW4JHQ|5.0|The SHM-SACD of \\"Getz/Gilberto\\" comes in a gatefold reproduction of the 1964 Verve LP. Everything about the presentation exudes quality and the disc case has the look and feel of an expensive invitation. The mint green disc is protected by a translucent plastic sleeve, which in turn has its own embossed cardboard holder. It's the kind of attractive product presentation that the Japanese are known for.   The good news is that the cover does say a lot about the book. I have 3 versions of this samba classic from Stan Getz and Joao Gilberto- the Red Book CD, the SACD and the new SHM-SACD. To my ears, the SHM-SACD is the best-sounding.   The opening song, \\"The Girl from Ipanema\\" has never sounded more like the real thing. Gilberto's crooning is warm, open and natural. The cymbals sparkle. Getz's saxophone blows smoothly. The first comment from a musician friend of mine (a non-audiophile) after hearing \\"The Girl from Ipanema\\" was, \\"It sounds very analogue\\".   And I agree. The disc sounds organic and analogue. Some slight edge when Getz hits the high notes, but that may exist in the original LP. In general, the disc sounds more analogue than digital and doesn't have the negative sonic qualities one might associate with many CD's.   Perhaps there are better sounding SACD's - for example, the Chesky SACDs of relatively unknown (but talented) artists. But this is one of the best sounding SACDs from the catalog of a famous artist that I have heard. (Analogue Production's SACD of Nat \\"king\\" Cole's \\"The Very Thought of You\\", is another that comes to mind).  These discs from Universal are the first to combine 2 existing technologies- SHM and SACD. I have 2 others: The Allman Brothers \\"Live at Fillmore East\\" and The Who's \\"Who's Next\\". I liked the Allman Brothers disc, but the The Who disc was not worth the money. Like other reviewers have pointed out, it has a kind of muffled dynamics, even in the new format.   This is an expensive disc, so it will only appeal to a niche market in search of the absolute sound. I don't think the sonic benefits would be appreciated on a commercial system. But for those audiophiles out there looking for an engaging experience from the imperfect CD format, I would recommend this disc without hesitation.   I see that quite a few of the new SHM-SACD's are out of stock, despite their high price. I hope that Amazon appreciates the fact that there is a strong market out there for hi rez formats that offer alternatives to regular CDs.      Perhaps in the future Amazon will consider introducing a separate category for high resolution formats like SACD, SHM, XRCD, etc.
0374158460|5.0|I've read many negative reviews here, and I feel compelled to offer my positive opinion of the novel.    In Freedom, Franzen has created an absolutely stunning portrait of American life and the human condition. The story chronicles the rise and fall of the Berglunds, proud members of the liberal elite, and then delves deeply into the lives of each family member (with the exception of the daughter Jessica), charting their paths up to and beyond the family's mysterious collapse.    I normally have little interest in family dramas, however well written, but to call Freedom simply a family drama would be an impoverished characterization. Franzen's examination of each character's past is at once harsh and deeply sympathetic. None of the characters is likable- the self-destructive Patty, the misogynistic artist Richard, the neurotically principled Walter- but as disparate and often ugly these personalities are, they all, at heart, are simply trying to face the eternal questions of Goodness, Love, Death, and, of course, the challenge of Freedom. What emerges is a totally coherent and touching picture of human life.    Franzen's writing is as sparkling with intelligence as it is pulsing with humanity. I highly recommend Freedom.
0316017922|5.0|The joke -- about the man who claims to have be \\"self-made\\" -- is that he has certainly absolved the Almighty of a great deal of responsibility. Malcolm Gladwell would tend to concur. In \\"Outliers,\\" his book about extraordinary individuals, he gives as much attention to the circumstances of a person's life as to their hard work and talent. This is a perspective that is long overdue. Gladwell discusses how the month in which athletes are born can make them more likely to get noticed, and thereby get the training that propels them to eventual success over their slightly younger (and equally talented) peers. He talks about Jewish immigrants, who arrived in America with a set of tailoring skills that happened to mesh perfectly with the needs of a country desperate for easy-to-make clothing. He talks about ethnic lawyers, discriminated against because of their \\"antecedents,\\" who hit it big when their willingness to take on uncouth legal tasks, like dealing with hostile takeovers, makes them invaluable. He analyzed the success of those born at their right time to miss world wars and depressions at critical junctures in their careers and family lives. To be born just a little late or a little early can mean missed out on a golden window or opportunity.<br /><br />Gladwell does not poo-poo hard work, talent or dedication. Guys like Bill Gates and John D. Rockefeller did not get where they are without true talent and great effort. Gladwell's purpose is to debunk the pernicious myth that hard work translates inevitably into great success. Context matters, says Gladwell. Opportunities are not presented equally to all people. Blaming failures for their own misfortunes is both easy and wrong. For every Bill Gates -- who was born at the right time and place to put thousands of hours into learning to program computers -- there are probably hundreds more who missed one, two or many of the chance occurrences that would make them successful. If success hinges so much on random factors and accidents of birth, how valid is it to equate innate worth with worldly success? And how valid is to denigrate as lazy or untalented those who have not succeeded?<br /><br />A thought-provoking book, written in a lively and engaging style.cidents of birth, how valid is it to equate innate worth with worldly success? And how valid is to denigrate as lazy or untalented those who have not succeeded?    A thought-provoking book, written in a lively and engaging style.
1593353006|5.0|This book takes place after Wizards First Rule! Man I love this book. Its strange if you haven't read the first book but it does explane few things from the first book a bit. After reading the first book and finding out theres others after word I just could not stop. In this book Richard finds himself a lone a lot, and meets a strange new friend. That in it self is a lot. I don't like giving out answers. But if you read the first book about rules. You find that even though the book is fiction. Rules become much more. The rules reflects oneself in life. I cant clame that this book change my life. But it does make me be aware of things that I once took for granted. There nothing wrong in learning new things. I recommand this book to everyone all ages just about.
B0010BFAOY|1.0|My husband and I had seen this film several times on TV and enjoyed it thoroughly. I bought it for him last Christmas but when it arrived I learned what Region 2 meant - basically it was not viewable on my DVD player. The picture is small and the audio is terrible. I am very disappointed and feel as though I have no recourse. We are stuck with a DVD that is useless. I think there should be an explanation to the customer prior to purchasing an item that says \\"Region 2\\" (which I am still not clear as to what that means specifically). I wish I could return it and get a version that works!
1416583408|1.0|I love to read books about dogs. This one? Not so much. I found it to be painfully dry and pretentious. I can't help but wonder how it ended up in publication much less as a best seller.
0525951652|3.0|I have been a HUGE fan of Follett's historical fiction but beginning with World Without End and on into Fall of Giants he seems to be far more interested in sex than in his characters and or the history.  I loved the story - loved the historical accuracy and the idea of looking at it from an idea of class struggle.  However, if Follett's depiction of sex, during this time, is factual it is no wonder that Europe was a mess  people were too busy trying to get into someone's bed then deal with real issues.  Most of the time this was easy to read past, but when reading about the food shortages in Germany after the war a character feels like it is livable because she can unbutton her husbands trousers \\"GIVE ME A BREAK\\".
0307454541|2.0|Was very underwhelmed by this-- seemed overly long, poorly edited, & took a while to get going. Watch the movie instead-- the book's really just a movie script anyway, & they made some of the changes that should have been made here.
B003JTHESA|5.0|The Final Frontier is a wonderful cd by the British metal band Iron Maiden.  Iron Maiden has aged gracefully since the glory days of eighties metal, and unlike most band that seem to show their age with subpar albums, tired guitar riffs, and weakened vocal efforts - Maiden has actually improved.  Listen to the band live and both lead vocalist Bruce Dickenson and his bandmates sound as good as ever. But I digress from the intended album review. I will say I am a huge fan, and enjoy most of their albums greatly.  For starters, I would rank The Final Frontier right up there with Piece of Mind, Seventh Son of a Seventh Son, and Brave New World.         What do I like about it?  The songs sound fresh, the guitars are scorching, Dickenson's voice is awesome, and overall, the album flows. Yes, the second half of the cd has five \\"long\\" songs in a row.  But, hey, didn't Maiden train us to like long songs way back on the debut album with \\"Phantom of the Opera\\" and Number of the Beast's \\"Hallowed Be Thy Name?\\" So long Maiden songs are nothing new. The problem that some listeners will have is when listening to the cd for the first couple of times, the last five songs start to run together.  They all have softer introductions with middle interludes that change pace.  The secret to enjoying this cd is to listen to each song seperately - rather than the entire cd in one sitting.        For example just play \\"The Talisman\\" which happens to be my favorite. I am not saying it is the best song (although I wouldn't argue if you did), but when listening to Bruce's vocals and Murray's guitar work - it paints a vivid picture of the song.  Hold on because the song kicks you right in the gut and puts a foot to your throat! All the songs on the cd have a uncanny ability to paint a musical picture of the song's themes.  The title track is a prime example of the errieness and mood created by the guitars, vocals, and drums.  You'd swear you were drifting away from your space station - watching your life flash before you in a hopeless fear-driven sweat.       What don't I like about this cd?  Not much, sure there is one song (Starblind) I am not that fond of, but that's just a personal opinion. I am sure many folks will like it. I cannot come up with any constructive criticism - its all good!       The Final Frontier has heavy guitars, catchy rhythms, great vocals, interesting lyrics, and cool artwrk to boot.  Enjoy.
0060989157|5.0|If you want to live vicariously as a rock star, w/o the drug addictions, STDs, drunk driving, infighting, & all the rest... really enjoyed this one, and wasn't a fan of the Crue in the first place.
B003ZK58WM|1.0|This latest book by Mr. Follett is an example of what success does to the writing skill of what used to be a decent author.  This book is rife with inept scenes where the main protagonists encounter each other as if they are the only remaining human beings on the earth.  Coincidence does not begin to define these scenes.  It is definitely the last book penned by this author that I ever buy.  An elementary school student could have come up with a better story line than Mr. Follett.  The only saving grace is the description of the historical facts centering around the social changes at the time of WWI.
1400052173|2.0|I really enjoyed the scientific part of this book and the history of cell research.  I found myself skimming then skipping all the stuff about the Lacks family.  While they are poster children for why we need social workers & the abuse the children went through because of their father & other family members, their \\"outrage\\" about their mother's cells seem mostly to do with money, not the cells themselves.  That is \\"greed,\\" not victimization.  Call me old fashioned, but I'm sick of our cultural addiction to outrage & the long list of people trying to portray themselves as victims.  The cells that were removed were CANCER cells.  I've had biopsies in the past & never once have I cared what happened to the cells removed to be tested.  I don't have the knowledge to do anything with them, and if someone else does more power to them.  I have ZERO claims on the money their knowledge, work, and research could earn them.
B00002N9ER|4.0|Some reviewers disparage these clips because they are plastic. I had to look closely at them to make sure they were plastic since they feel very sturdy to me. I attached them to the frame of my futon in a couple of minutes and now feel better knowing that I have a light handy without even having to get out of bed. I plan to get another set, or two, to mount a light near the garage door and maybe even in my SUV.
0385738757|3.0|The Scorch Trials / 978-0-385-73875-0<br /><br />As full disclosure, I wasn't a huge fan of [[ASIN:0385737955 The Maze Runner]] - gave it 3 stars, if I recall correctly - but I really love dystopia fiction and I really hate not finishing a series, so my curiosity got the best of me and I picked up The Scorch Trials at my local library, prepared to dive back down into the futuristic mind games perpetuated by W.I.C.K.E.D.<br /><br />First impressions were initially good - the book starts off a lot faster than \\"The Maze Runner\\", with disaster setting in almost immediately after the daring rescue of the first novel. It's nice to see a dystopian future come up with a creative merge of massive global climate change and zombies, and it's especially good that we start the first chapters off with a strong and steady dose of creepy-bordering-on-terrifying.<br /><br />After the first few chapters, though, the paces slows drastically, and the novel starts to suffer from \\"middle series syndrome\\". Despite being out of the Maze and immersed in the \\"real\\" world, we actually learn very little of the details of this dystopian future, which makes it very difficult for the reader to connect to the global problems that W.I.C.K.E.D. is supposedly trying to solve, which makes it hard to get attached to these increasingly nebulous \\"experiments\\" that are somehow supposed to come up with some kind of cure...for something. Around the halfway mark, it starts to feel like we're killing time to get to the end of the book so that we can then get the THIRD book and find out some actual answers, and after awhile one starts to wonder if the ending will be worth it. And then the reader actually does get to the ending, only to find that really one could skip over this second novel entirely and be none the worse for wear - just like the first book: nothing is explained, everything is a mystery, please buy the next book, kthxbye.<br /><br />Some of the things I didn't like about \\"The Maze Runner\\" the first time around crop up again here. Thomas continues to have more than a whiff of Mary Sue about him; way too much angst is expended on the designated love interests (and, really, I think Thomas has more romantic chemistry with Newt than with either of the two girls provided here); and almost the entire \\"cast\\" of Gladers are anonymous red-shirts - in fact, whenever anyone other than Minho, Newt, or Thomas is suddenly granted a name and/or minor personality, it's pretty much a given that they're about to die horribly for insta-angst. I understand that it's difficult to write a group of 20+ well-rounded individuals, but Thomas' continued insistence on not learning the names or personalities of the people fighting and dying around him starts to inadvertently make him seem like a psychopath or - immersion-breakingly - the only important character in a story.<br /><br />I guess a recommendation for The Scorch Trials depends on your reaction to The Maze Runner; if you loved the first book and want more of the same, this sequel delivers. If you were less than completely enthralled with the first novel, however, and are more interested in answers than in dragging out the Thomas/Theresa love shipping, I'd recommend giving this book a pass and skipping over to the third book entirely. I didn't feel like it was a waste of time reading this novel, and there were definitely several high notes in the first half, but I just can't help but feel that it could be a lot better with a little less ham-handed \\"mystery\\" and a little more character development.<br /><br />A word about the audiobook for this novel: The audiobook is fairly well-narrated. The reader paces and pauses well, although his voice could perhaps be a little more animated during the \\"action\\" scenes. My favorite parts are when he speaks as Newt, because he brings out this wonderfully outrageous accent that I suppose is meant to be Scottish. Overall, though, the audio is well done and worth listening to.<br /><br />~ Ana Mardoll
1935251740|1.0|If you're interested in consciousness and the universe and all that, this book will probably sound exciting.  It must have to me, but I honestly can't believe I actually bought it!<br /><br />The main thing that annoyed me was the authors' sickening degree of self-importance.  They know everything, and everyone else is stupid.  Little theories such as \\"The Big Bang\\" and \\"M Theory\\" are simply quaint - let's pat their supporters on their little heads!<br /><br />Believe me, if these schmos had written a book that made the Big Bang and M Theory quaint, you wouldn't need to buy their book, as all of life would be changed overnight, and no one would talk of anything else!<br /><br />I'm looking forward to reading Brian Greene's latest.  He's a real guy, unlike the pumped up egos who wrote this book.
B003TML0VO|5.0|To provide context, my favorite band since the '70s was the Allmans (minus the 80s, when I was into Jean Luc Ponty).  To my mind, early Santana made nice radio hits like Black Magic Woman, but in his jams tended to noodle a bit.  I really got into him with Supernatural (including (re)discovering some early stuff like Live at the Filmore West 1968), and consider that and Shaman among the best albums ever.  That said, this album has absolutely captivated me.  In contrast to his other recent collaboration albums, his guitar is front and center here - in front of great vocals and his driving rhythm section.  The combination is incomparable, but more than anything his playing is astounding: inspired and eloquent, distinctively him yet fresh; nuanced, fluid, in places exuberant, and passionate throughout.  I've read the bad reviews, and maybe I'm not pure or sophisticated enough, but I can't stop listening to it.
B0034KVTIK|5.0|I have a few Albums of Incognito on Vinyl I bought back in the 80's & didn't mind the band but haven't bought any CD's in years till now after reading good reviews of Incognito Live in London : The 30th Anniverssary Concert with a Great Live Performance by Musicians Lead Singers and Special Guests so had to get the Blu Ray Version of the same Concert as well singing and playing 23 great tracks on CD 1 Talkin'  Loud , Step Aside , When The Sun Comes Down , Jacob's  Ladder , Centre of the Sun ,  Get in to my Groove , Labour of Love ,  Ain't no Moumntain ,  Always There , Colibri , N.O.T , This Thing Called Love and on CD 2 Still a Friend of Mine ,  Can't Get You Out of my Head ,  Deep Waters , Wild and Beautiful , Morning Sun , Expresso Madureira , Don't you Worry 'Bout A Thing , Reach Out , Every Day , I Hear Your Name and Nights Over Egypt , so if you're into Incognito funk jazz fusion acid jazz this album is a must have .
B000002R67|4.0|Good classic Eric Burdon. Nice tribute song \\"Winds of Change\\" to classic jazz and R & B icons. Cover of Stones \\"Paint it Black\\"
B003W5C0VW|5.0|Despite the graininess and the video quality, this show is the cream of the Rolling Stones performing career.  Music and spectacle, optimally combined and without and before the often distracting stage gimmickry that would come in later years, delivers the primal intensity any music fan craves for.  Each number is a killer, and the show builds into a frenzied finale.  At first, the changing quality of the video, as well as the alternating outfits, might be disconcerting.  However, the show is sequenced seamlessly, giving the garments, at least, a colorful changing visual attractiveness.  The inferior quality of some of the video is undeniable, yet the power of the performance and the music triumph here.  I would have liked to have seem a couple of seconds more of a a clearly-shot Nicky Hopkins; otherwise, the ensemble players are well-represented.  Jagger is unbelievable--all four of him!  This dvd is a true treasure.
0066620996|5.0|Jim Collins previously co-authored Built to Last, which studied common attributes of \\"great\\" companies. Good to Great studies companies which made a transition to greatness: lagging stock performance over a 15-year period, followed by 15 years of cumulative stock returns 3 times the overall market.     Only 11 companies met the criteria. An example is Walgreens, whose stock performance from 12-31-75 to 1-1-00 outperformed Intel by 2x, General Electric by 5x, and the overall stock market by 15x.  Eleven comparison companies were studied as well.     The research identified commonalities among the good-to-great companies, which the comparison companies did not have:    1. Level 5 Leaders. Good-to-great CEOs are comparable to plow horses rather than show horses.    2. First Who... Then What.  Get the right people on the bus and in the right seats.     3. Stockdale Paradox. Confront the brutal facts, yet never lose faith.    4. The Hedgehog Concept. Find your focus. Figure out what you can be the best in the world at (even if you are not already in that business), what drives your economic engine, and what you are passionate about. \\"It took four years on average for good-to-great companies to clarify their Hedgehog Concepts.\\"  Many of the comparison companies had a \\"mindless pursuit growth... Growth is not a Hedgehog Concept.\\"    5. A Culture of Discipline. \\"The purpose of bureaucracy is to compensate for incompetence and lack of discipline - a problem that largely goes away if you have the right people in the first place.\\"    6. Technology Accelerators. \\"When used right, technology becomes the accelerator of momentum, not a creator of it.\\"      7. The Flywheel and the Doom Loop. Consistent effort builds momentum.  Frequently changing strategies destroys momentum.    Here are a couple of notable of quotes from the book.    \\"Consensus decisions are often at odds with intelligent decisions.\\"     On acquisitions: \\"two big mediocrities joined together never make one great company.\\"    In the epilogue, the author asserts an interesting point about the role of the board of directors, in regard to managing a company for enduring success. \\"Boards at corporations should distinguish between share value and share price. Boards have no responsibility to... shareflippers; they should refocus their energies on creating great companies that build value for the [long-term] shareholders.\\"     This book was published in 2001.  It seems odd to find Fannie Mae and Circuit City in an elite set of top performing companies. However, the author does emphasize that the only way to stay great is to continue to apply the principles.     I found Good to Great interesting and well written.
0307454541|5.0|This book is absolutely fabulous!! a little slow moving at first but after about 100 pages the plot ans storyline draw you in!!
0374290024|5.0|Ian Morris (born 1960) is a Cambridge-University-educated historian, classicist, and archeologist who now teaches at Stanford University. His ambitious 750-page book is chock full of fascinating details. As is well known, it used to be said that the sun never set on the British empire of old. However, even though the sun has more recently set on the old British empire, the educated chaps in England have continued to take a big-picture view of the world, as Morris' book shows.  By happy coincidence, the emergent dominance of the West that Morris discusses roughly parallels the dominance of the West that I discuss in my article \\"The West Versus the Rest: Getting Our Cultural Bearings from Walter J. Ong\\" in the journal EME: EXPLORATIONS IN MEDIA ECOLOGY, volume 7, number 4 (2008): pages 271-282.  Not surprisingly, the American cultural historian Walter J. Ong (1912-2003) does not discuss in his 400 or so publications many of the historical and cultural details that Morris discusses.  But Morris does not discuss many of the historical and cultural details that Ong discusses in constructing his elaborate account of Western cultural development.  Their two independent accounts of the historical emergence of the West can be understood as roughly parallel and complementary.  Nevertheless, their two accounts can also be understood to be competing accounts, especially when we consider which of the two accounts could possibly be used to guide the cultural development in developing countries around the world today.  For example, an estimated one billion people in the world today do not know how to read and write any language. Those people will not be using computers or the Internet. Now, Ong's account of Western cultural development highlights the role of literacy in the West, which suggests that literacy education should be a priority in developing countries today.  But Ong's account of the emergence of modernity in the West also focuses attention on what he styles the quantification of thought in medieval logic, which produced \\"a new state of mind,\\" as he puts it. That new state of mind inculcated through formal education for three centuries and more contributed to the historical emergence of modern science, modern capitalism, modern democracy, the Industrial Revolution, and the Romantic Movement.  Now, if I correctly understand the import of Sam Dillon's article \\"Top Test Scores From Shanghai Stun Educators\\" in the NEW YORK TIMES on December 7, 2010, it looks to me like the Chinese are inculcating the new state of mind that Ong associates with medieval formal logic that was taught for three centuries or more in formal education in the West, into the formal education of children in Shanghai.  In his landmark book RAMUS, METHOD, AND THE DECAY OF DIALOGUE: FROM THE ART OF DISCOURSE TO THE ART OF REASON (Harvard University Press, 1958), Ong discusses the quantification of thought in medieval logic (esp. pages 53-91). But Ong most cogently sums up the import of the quantification of thought in medieval logic in his collection of essays titled THE BARBARIAN WITHIN: AND OTHER FUGITIVE ESSAYS AND STUDIES (Macmillan, 1962) as follows:  \\"In this historical perspective, medieval scholastic logic appears as a kind of pre-mathematics, a subtle and unwitting preparation for the large-scale operations in quantitative modes of thinking that will characterize the modern world. In assessing the meaning of scholasticism, one must keep in mind an important and astounding fact: In the whole history of the human mind, mathematics and mathematical physics come into their own, in a way that has changed the face of the earth and promises or threatens to change it even more, at only one place and time, that is, in Western Europe immediately after the scholastic experience. Elsewhere, no matter how advanced the culture on other scores, and even along mathematical lines, as in the case of the Babylonian, nothing like a real mathematical transformation of thinkingtakes place - not among the ancient Egyptians or Assyrians or Greeks or Romans, not among the peoples of India nor the Chinese nor the Japanese, not among the Aztecs or Mayas, not in Islam despite promising beginnings there, any more than among the Tartars or the Avars or the Turks. These people can all now share the same common scientific knowledge, but the scientific tradition itself that they share is not a merging of various parallel discoveries made by their various civilizations. It represents a new state of mind. However great contributions other civilizations may hereafter make to the tradition, our scientific world traces its origins back always to seventeenth- and sixteenth-century Europe, to the place where for some three centuries and more the arts course taught in universities and para-university schools had pounded into the heads of youth a study program consisting almost exclusively of a highly quantified logic and companion physics, both taught on a scale and with an enthusiasm never approximated or even dreamt of in the ancient academies\\" (page 72).  According to Ong's way of considering cultural developments as inter-related, that new state of mind contributed to the historical emergence of modern science, modern capitalism, modern democracy, the Industrial Revolution, and the Romantic Movement in the West.  In any event, what a remarkably candid title Morris has given his book, WHY THE WEST RULES - FOR NOW. In my estimate, Ong does a better job of explaining why the West is dominant today than Morris does. But Morris understands the potential of China as a competitor for the West better than Ong does.  As Morris understands, Confucianism is a widespread and powerful force in China. As the recent test scores in Shanghai show, Confucian cultural conditioning can readily be adapted to promoting formal education in reading and math and science to roughly replicate through formal education the kind of new state of mind that Ong has identified as beinginculcated through medieval logic for three centuries and more of formal education in the West.  When Diane Sawyer of ABC News recently visited China, she learned that there are more people in China today who speak English than there are in the United States. As a result, millions of Chinese can read not only Morris' book, but also Ong's books and articles about Western cultural development.  If I were a betting man, I am not sure I would bet on the West against China. From the title of Morris' book, it doesn't sound like he would either.
0307594009|5.0|I have read this before, but since my grandson is so interested in WWII, I bought both he and myself a book.  He is 12.
B003ZHQVJO|5.0|I really like this Kid Rock CD alot. It's not vulgar or sexually explicit. Kid Rock is really a very talented entertainer. I don't think he gets the credit he deserves. This is a different side of Kid Rock that I hope he continues in his future releases.
B001C1066E|4.0|I ordered this for a friend who is a Naruto fan and is planning on cosplaying Naruto at a convention.  While this is great for a toy, it hardly qualifies as a wallet.  The frog was far too overstuffed and would never fit in a pocket and takes up a lot of room in a purse too.  The mouth area for coins isn't very big, either.  I'd recommend it just for it's cuteness, but as a toy and not a wallet or change purse.
B00005JOA0|3.0|I have to admit that I have not read Anne Bronte's novel The Tenant of Wildfell Hall, so I can not comment on how well the movie relates to the book but I really enjoyed this story.  I thought even though it was an older production it has a excellent Gothic feel to it.  I adore everything Toby Stephens is in and I thought he played this part well.  Plus he is so young and adorable! The story flows well and I liked the flashback senses that Helen Grahman has of her prior life, I think it adds a good amount of mystery to the piece.  I'm not sure how she is described in the book but I agree with other reviewers when they say that Tara Fitzgerald is very cold.  I guess if I were in her circumstances I might find myself to be a bit cold but she takes it to an extreme.  I also have to comment on Rupert Graves, he is an excellent actor and always plays such good parts, I could not have imagined anyone else playing this he nails the performance and I think it is one of the best roles I have seen him in.  If you enjoy the Bronte novels and movies I think this is a worthy addition to any collection.
B003V1WTMM|3.0|I loved the House at Riverton and also enjoyed the Forgotten Garden, so I was very excited to get started on Kate Morton's most recent book.  I have been unable to finish it.  Every time I read a few pages, I am so bored and distracted that my mind wanders.  It is a combination of the uninteresting main character and the plot itself that seems to drag.  Very disappointed!!
B000002UZ1|5.0|The only problem w/ a Beatles 'greatest hits' album is that there is too much material to fit even on 2 double albums (red + blue).  Consider all the great songs that didn't make the final cut on to either set: Taxman, If I Needed Someone, This Boy, And Your Bird Can Sing, 'Here, There and Everywhere', Wait, I'm a Loser, Baby's In Black, Got to Get You Into My Life, Tomorrow Never Knows, the entire side 2 of Abbey Road after Here Comes the Sun, Twist and Shout, Rain, Baby You're a Rich Man, She's Leaving Home, For No One, etc. etc. etc.      I've been a Beatles fan for about 4 decades and sometimes I'll be listening to a song that I've probably heard 500 times before and notice something new.  Even their early material was impeccably produced.  The bass lines, drum work, rhythm and lead guitar sections just work so well together.      People will be listening to Beatles music 100 years from now.  If you're young and have never listened to Beatles stuff,  check it out.  It'll be quite an eye opener for you.
B004FDPOHC|5.0|The choice of Daft Punk to score this film was probably an inspired one.  I was a little unsure at first about the idea of blending synthesizers with an orchestral score, but the end result works quite well.  It seemed to me that the film would require a purely synthetic music score, due to the subject matter, but Daft Punk has pulled off a nice balance here, and the score is dominated by neither synth nor orchestra, but creates a seamless fusion. I also expected quite a bit of quoting of Wendy Carlos' original score themes, but that turns out not to be the case, with but a few exceptions.  All in all, Daft Punk has created a mostly original soundscape for this sequel, and one that is quite an enjoyable listening experience all on its own. I can't comment on how it works in the film, since it hasn't yet been released to theaters as of this writing.  So many remake/sequel scores seem to be a letdown when compared to the original, but thankfully not only isn't that the case here, but what Daft Punk has crafted is actually superior to the original.
B004BSIJ9Q|1.0|... Writing a review is really cool to do if you are taking back words that only fuel the chaos of another individual.
1439152780|4.0|I only give it 4 stars because it was pretty slow going for the first few hundred pages. It took me quite a while to finally finish this book. But I wanted to give it 5 stars because of just how amazing the end of the story is.  I think I like her first two books better, especially The House at Riverton.  But I highly recommend this author to anyone.  She jumps around quite a bit, but it's just something you have to get used to.  I don't know how she can think of so many different angles and twists/turns in one book.  It was great.  I'm glad I bought it, instead of just getting it from the library.
B004EI3ON4|2.0|I bought this album for $4 which was a great price for an entire album.    While there are some good tracks most are simply background noise pieces for the film. Pretend you watched the TRON movie with dialogue sound removed and the picture turned off. That's basically what this is.    A bunch of songs play very quiet for most of the song and you have to turn them up.    I'm a huge Daft Punk fan, but this album is pretty boring and it gets really old after a few listens.
0307454541|4.0|This book was a selected reading from the Book Club that I participate in.  I don't generally enjoy reading books that are violently graphic but the author's writing style kept me intrigued and found myself quite fond of a couple of the main characters enough so that my book club members want to continue on with the second novel, 'The Girl That Played With Fire'.
B002ZG981E|1.0|You cannot put digital copy on a mac.  I will not by or see Warner Brothers again.  My whole purpose of buying this was the digital copy was going to be put on a ipad for my kids to watch on a trip.  Again I am pissed at Warner Bros.
B0040T7B2W|5.0|a great return after 4 years off.  B and S are back to their best. I dont normally write reviews but i just had to for this!     Some of the songs here are classics in particular Come on Sister, I Want the World to Stop and the amazing I'm Not Living in the Real World     I have been a fan for about 8 years and saw them live with an orchestra behind them recently.  It was even better than listening to the album.    Their music is poigniant, soulful and fits any mood.  Not many bands can make you think and want to dance at the same time - these can.    Jump straight in!
0316098337|4.0|A story narrated by a five year old boy who spends the first years of his life locked into a room with his mother, who was kidnapped as a 19 year old and locked in the room by the man named Old Nick who visits the room with supplies and Sunday treats but is hated by Ma and distrusted by Jack. They concoct an escape plan, which involves rolling Jack into a carpet and pretending he's dead. Jack will escape from Old Nick's brown truck on the way to his burial and run for freedom. It works and Jack and his Ma are freed, first going to a clinic and later to their own apartment where they enjoy their freedom in the Outside.       The story revolves around the love between a mother and child, with insights into the boy's awareness of the world from the confines of an isolated room and his perceptions of the outside world, first in the Room and later on the outside where he realizes people are real and not images on TV.       The boy has a vivid vocabulary for a five year old and Old Nick's crime is far fetched but the novel resonates with its depiction of Jack's conception of the world and his Ma's effort to protect it.
0385738757|4.0|After reading the first book in this series (Maze Runner) my daughter wanted the Scorch Trials.  She read it in 3 days.  She wants the next one due out next year.
B004259BMM|5.0|I love this CD-though I do think it should have a warning label, \\"caution when driving and listening to this CD\\", it is hard to sit still - you want to just get up and dance, especially to \\"You Gonna Fly\\" & \\"Long Hot Summer\\". It's like the iPod commercial from a few yrs ago where they have people walking down the street but in their heads they are dancing.The song \\"Georgia Woods\\" is amazing in which Keith is playing Waylon Jennings' 1950 Fender Broadcaster guitar that he now owns. The music this guitar produces makes you wonder who is in control, the guitar or the guitar player. It is a perfect example of the melding of instrument and guitarist and it is the \\"richest\\" sounding guitar I have ever heard. Way to go Keith! Great job!
0525951652|3.0|Loved Follett's other books and looked forward to this one being published. It is too long, technical and just drags. I don't feel I have really gotten to know the characters. Seems to be more about waging a war. Not what I was expecting!
0316017922|4.0|This book is great! It is a real thought provoker. The book is really a sociological book of sorts. It studies things from a very broad perspective. It studies why people succeed in various fields. He comes up with some interesting finds.     Some of the finds are just confirmation of what you already know. Some of the finds or conclusions will open up your eyes. He has some good stories and numbers to support his claims. For example he says the key to success depends on the ability to work 10,000 hours of practice. His examples come from varied fields like Bill Gates and the Beatles. Another example of his thought provoking ideas is in his study of intelligence. The author says intelligence over a certain point really doesn't matter. Intelligence plateaus at a certain point. I think everyone knows that but hadn't heard it anywhere. Well, you here that here.    At times his conclusions are a bit reaching. He does not include alternate explanations of the event. However at other times you will be surprised at what he says. Overall your time with the book will open your mind and get your brain thinking. Any book that does that is a good book.
B001FB55I0|5.0|I love you terminator. Anyways, crank the surround sound and bass! i cant wait for them to make an installment with the laser sounds because just with the bullets in this one, it sounded amazing, everything!
B003LSTK8G|5.0|The story of the collapse is fascinating in and of itself but Lewis really develops the story and introduces the players in a compelling manner.
B00005OCMR|5.0|If you're a fan then you should too. Plus it looks better and cool to see the difference on a dvd upgrader from when the last time you saw it. And you know the girl from caddy shack is an all time hottie!
0811870413|5.0|Eric Wolfinger's photos embellish TARTINE BREAD, which comes from a professional bread-maker to provide a fine collection of original bread-baking ideas. Step-by-step photos put the reader by author Chad's side as he revels how to make basic breads from a master formula, and how to use diverse breads in both sweet and savory recipes. An outstanding collection of bread dishes makes this a pick for any general cookery collection.
B001GCUO5M|1.0|Forget feeling surprised by the supposed \\"twist\\" ending.  Unless you're easily amused, there are no surprises here.  The previews/film clips made this movie look way more interesting than it actually was.  You can pass this one up.  You won't be missing anything!  One good thing -- the photography was great!
0525951652|5.0|I waited for a year until this book came out.  It most definitely was not disappointing.  Unfortunately, we now have to wait a year for the next in the trilogy.
B000FC13E0|5.0|I started reading this as a book for school but unlike other books I have read for school once I got reading I actually wanted to keep reading. The Book definitely keeps your attention while keeping you informed with the technical terms without boring you.
B0043GAZYS|5.0|This movie is a mashup of videogames, comic books and indie rock music all glued together by the masterful direction of that guy that did Shaun of the Dead (Edgar Wright, just in case).  Funny, creative, never dull or boring, this movie has something for everyone.  The extras are plentiful, including the awesome \\"Scott Pilgrim vs. the Animation\\" featured on Adult Swim.  To me this was definitely a must buy, to you, check it out first...  If you started playing videogames in the 80's, you'll dig this movie a lot.  Highly Recommended.
1582701709|5.0|The Secret is amazingly insightful. I know this works.  I've felt it and I've done it.  I love how easy it is to read.  The testamonials and examples are pefect and I can really relate and understand the concepts. This is a great gift!  I gave it to my girlfriend and my mother-in-laws for their birthdays.
B004132I4S|5.0|Sufjan Stevens' musical career has been like a rolling stone that has in fact gathered quite a lot of moss - acoustic folk, indie pop, orchestral arrangements, electronica, and much more. And each addition has been transmuted through his highly idiosyncratic view of the world. 'The Age of Adz' feels like the culmination of his musical and personal evolution since the success of 'Illinoise'. This album is crammed full of musical flourishes and experimentation, all in the service of a tortured, sublime and heart-rending emotional narrative. The songs are remarkably deep and addictive, worming their way into your head and echoing around for days. As I write this the chorus to 'All For Myself' is playing itself in my mind. This is one for the ages.
B001UV4XFQ|1.0|I pre-ordered this movie 3 MONTHS AGO and it has been out for a week now and I still have not received it!!!  I thought the whole point of pre-ordering an item was to guarantee that you got one of the first copies!!  At this point I am the only Twilight Fan who does not have a copy of Eclipse because of AMAZON.COM!!!  I will never pre-prder anything again!  This is the second time this has happened!!!
B000PHX4VA|1.0|If you like pretentious boring crap. Then you are in the right place. You can not tell me that the drummer doesn't look just like Rick Springfield. The police are the only band worst then U2. I'm out.
B001DMJ9R4|5.0|when i finish getting all the cds i will work towards getting the synyster standard electric guitar...but the cd/dvd is a great deal for any music lover especially an A7X fan...i love this cd/dvd
B003YCI1PM|5.0|This CD will go down in history as one of the true classics in music history. I found this album better then most Led Zeppelin records. Do yourself a favor and own this piece of Americana.
0451228375|1.0|This book, being highly critically acclaimed caught my attention and I was really looking forward to reading it!  I am the type of person who cannot read, Tom Clancy, for instance, because of the crude language it contains, even though I know I would LOVE the story.  So, you can see (if you have read this book,) why I could not finish it.  To me, it contained \\"soft porn.\\"  Not my cup of hot chocolate.  For those who don't mind that sort of thing, I'm sure it's enjoyable, but for folks like me, I just wanted to issue a warning.
B00005LOUP|1.0|This is in the running for one of the worst movies ever made. The original Grinch has a poignant message of the true meaning of Christmas - coming without packages, parcels or bags. This one has Jim Carrey celebrating excess. Somewhere Dr. S. is rolling in his grave.
0060987464|5.0|Hi there, i have to say that this book is amazing. Disturbing at times, but i loved it, i couldnt put it down and read it in less than  5 days, while i was on holiday in Mauritius!  There are certain things i didnt know about Manson, the book is insighful and great.  I would recommend it to fans! They will find this book interesting and i love the pics inside  Its become one of my highly prized collectables.  BTW i have realised that he isnt all that 'wacked' and freaky as made out to be, some of his fans are way more disturbed..after having read some stories in there  Manson is a genius
0061730335|5.0|The Boy Who Harnessed the Wind (2009) by William Kamkwamba and Bryan Mealer is a wonderful story that sends a powerful message to those who read it.  More specifically, it can send a message to educators all over the world.  This story provides evidence that supports several ideas in education.  Throughout the book, there are multiple examples that support the use of inquiry, motivation and engagement, and the power of teacher perceptions.  After reading this book, teachers can look at some of their struggling students with new eyes.  Instead of beginning with preset expectations for these students, we need to provide them (and all other students) with engaging and motivating experiences that allow them to create meaning for themselves.      During the story, William engages in inquiry activities that motivate him to learn more.  He loved exploring and creating things on his own.  It was his intrinsic motivation that allowed him to teach himself the skills needed to build the windmill.  In this story, William did not have strong background knowledge or access to educational resources.  Many people in his village thought he was crazy and did not believe he could succeed.   If he had listened and adopted the views of those around him, he might have given up on his dreams.
B00447L4JG|5.0|The story and the medium are just pure genius from Burton. The story of the torn Jack Skellington is timeless, but a fresh story. The Pumpkin King longs to see what other Holidays are like. What happens when you bring some of Chrismas town back to Halloween? This movie has an amazing soundtrack. It's creative, funny, witty, and yes- a little dark like Burton films are. It's a classic!
B0043GAZYS|5.0|The first time I saw this was during comic con with Edgar and the cast. I've been addicted to this movie ever since. The blu ray combo is awesome. Edgar Wright does not disappoint. Very much worth the leap to owning a blu ray player.
031603438X|5.0|Life by Keith Richards is an enjoyable book from start to finish. Any Rolling Stones and Keith Richards fans should read it. I consider it one of the best autobiographies written by a musician ever. I have only read 2 others that I recall, one was Miles: The Autobiography, and the other is Cash, by Johnny Cash. All three of these books are essential reading for those who want to know more about the life of a \\"rockstar\\", \\"Jazz Great\\", or \\"Country Music great\\".     But I enjoyed the ride Keith puts you on from start to finish. This guy really knows how to tell some stories and he doesn't pull any punches. It sits just right with you to read this, even the tough parts where he talks about his struggles with addiction and how others around him were also struggling with their own demons.     This is a 500 page book and worth every cent.
B0015AARJI|5.0|The PS4 controller was a fantastic purchase. I bought it because I always stock my consoles with at least two controllers.
B002ZFQD0E|5.0|after seeing her performance live (w/eryka badu headliner), cd did not disappoint.  10 star for both live and audio! (Please note cd cover was delivered cracked).
B0042JTDXK|4.0|I bought this CD for my husband who is a huge Josh Groban fan.  He listens to it everyday, and raves about it each time he hears it. I have to add that though I like Josh Groban, I am not as big a fan as my husband, and I don't find this CD as enjoyable as some of his earlier ones.  Some of the songs are a little too depressing.  My husband would give it 5 stars, and I would give it 3 so I averaged it out to 4.
0307476154|5.0|This is a great mystery. Salander is a super women. How she does what she does is amazing. This tiny little girl is given an extreme amout of talents. However, we can see that even with all the talent she has she doomed by tragedy to live alone. Will she find a normal life, one can only guess.  I still have to read the final installment. Some have said that the last book, because it was finished by someone other than the author, is somewhat of a let down but I reserve judgement for now.
B0036EH3U2|4.0|I just received this awesome blue ray set in the newer gray box set in the mail today, it comes with the unrated extended version of Razor on I believe it is bundled with one of the seasons, and The Plan is in its own blue-ray case, and I sat down to watch the first bits, the two part miniseries, and I almost swear there is a sound glitch, or one I feel is a mega glitch considering I watched this scen many times and have a different memory of what was said.  I am running a brand new panasonic blueray bd 605 and a 32inch lcd sylvania 720P tv(with great sound that sounded same as my stereo), with an older stereo system, and on the last part of the miniseries at Radnar Anchorage, the cylons are saying it may take decades to get the rest of the humans, then the Asian woman in colonial uniform(for you rooks out there to follow), she walks up and says it won't be so hard or something like that, and a NUMBER SIX EXCLAIMS \\"BY...COMMAND\\", and I did not hear the \\"By YOUR Command\\" like I know I did, when it was replayed on television the multitudes I rewatched it, or that is what I believe to be true to how I remember it, the way it was said by the cylons in the 1970's original series by the cylons to their centurion leaders of \\"By Your Cammand\\", its like they muted the \\"YOUR\\" part, the sounds just hits a temporary sinkhole.  It just sounds like By Command, only, I know it sounds like a little thing, it aint my equipment, maybe that catch phrase is copywrited intellectual property of the producers of the original show in the 70's, and they couldn't use it on blue rays and dvds after there was a court fight, I dunno.  This is all I've watched of the blue ray edition so far, it doesn't detract much from everything else, and I just hope I don't have a defective copy somehow, but I doubt it, the rest of the sound is spotless, so in my opinion it must be the way it is.  Later on, I will likely upgrade to a higher star rating if I am set straight, that I could somehow be wrong, it was always like this maybe, etc etc, but the only other detraction is that the blue ray package was well packed in a larger box but it still seemed to receive some sort of banging around with some dog eared edges an minor crumpled corners, I notice that alot about some of the movies sets I receive, and I am beginning to think my state or local postol folks are responsible for rough treatment in my area only, but I have the wierdest bad luck on stuff that is supposed to look like it rolled off the line last week or last month but looks like it was sitting on a shelf somewhere and knocked around.  And no, I don't send back stuff for minor things like that, considering I give alot of my favorites plenty of shelving and reshelving wear in the first couple of months I get my new \\"toys\\", errr, movies and shows anyway.    Great stuff, really, transfers are great, there are grany scenes that were shot that way intentionally, the introduction by whats his name said that all BSG was shot using high definition equipment to film from the start.  You will not be disappointed, I was lucky to get this for 60% off on a lucky one day sale recently, glad I went with the blue ray instead of 60% off on regualr dvd that day, though I am a blue ray newbie, only my favorite movies and shows when applicable to blue ray will be bought on blue ray.    $$##SO YOU GET so far from what I know, The miniseries, The Razor unrated extened version, The Plan, all the seasons, and the usual blue ray extras I figure folks like myselfs may never use, other than high def viewing.  FEEL FREE TO COMMENT on what you have discovered so far, if I am full of, well, just wrong on my idears up there, etc,.... BY YOUR COMMAND!
B003Y8YXH6|5.0|First let me start by saying the 5 stars are for Lennon's tracks. I still to this day, cannot stand the Yoko songs and I'm thankful the art of the CD allows me to skip them. That being said, I'm among those that always loved the original sound. Many damn the production but I always liked it. There was a reason for it and it worked as far as I'm concerned. I hated the stripped down \\"Let it Be\\" that came out a few years back and thus had the idea to save my money on this one. But, I was talked out of it by some clips I heard. Quite frankly, while I still think I prefer the original masters, the \\"stripped\\" versions are quite good in their own regard and give the songs a raw edginess.  \\"Beautiful Boy\\" and \\"Woman\\" especially stand out. So yes, it's a worth while purchase.
B0042816YK|5.0|I guess there is a spoiler in my review but I don't really know any way around it to get across what I'd like to convey. Sorry about that. I usually don't put them in my reviews.<br /><br />Every since I saw the cardboard standup at the movie theater, I wanted to see EAT PRAY LOVE. I didn't make to the theater when it was out and waited patiently in hopes that my local library would get it in. And they did. I waited three weeks on a waiting list and when I got the call it was my turn, I went in to pick it up immediately and planned to watch it that night.<br /><br />I must say I was a bit disappointed in this movie. I was really expecting something profound.  Yet as often as the case, I heard the book was really good by a few people. Still, having watched the movie I can't say I'm eager to read it. A positive note, the acting was good.<br /><br />I for one am a deeply committed person, so right off the bat the main character leaving her husband the way she did, didn't sit well with me. As the story unfolded, I kept waiting for something, something that never happened.<br /><br />The flashbacks of her husband put in my mind she'd come to her senses and discover she really did love him, and needed to give her marriage the work, commitment and chance every marriage deserves. It bothered me greatly that it never materialized.<br /><br />I totally get that people often make the wrong decision, and that one needs to discover who they are, their purpose in life and all that. In EAT PRAY LOVE, honestly, the only connection to the title I came away with is EAT. She did indulge in eating. As far as PRAY, I was thrown for a loop on the whole praying thing. As a Christian, did I miss something? Or was the PRAY part, praying to a picture of a woman. That was a little disturbing to me to say the least. As far as LOVE, well yeah, she quickly went from one guy to another with a hint of LOVE. Is it me or did she basically jump into another relationship like she confessed she had from the marriage she'd just ran away from?<br /><br />So in the end I was sorely disappointed in this movie. I felt the title was misleading, leading you down a path far from what the title suggested.<br /><br />Maybe a better title would be EAT MEDITATE AND HAVE A FLING.om?     So in the end I was sorely disappointed in this movie. I felt the title was misleading, leading you down a path far from what the title suggested.     Maybe a better title would be EAT MEDITATE AND HAVE A FLING.
B003Z39G0O|5.0|I love The Vampire Diaries show and always loved the music so it was a given that I would buy the soundtrack. It truly is awesome. So often you'll find only a couple of good songs on a soundtrack but I love all the songs on this one. Definitely recommend!
B0013D8LOK|1.0|How much blood can one stand in a movie ACK!!!<br />Johnny and Helena are exceptional actors but this got to be to much
0156034026|3.0|The book was in fine condition but took a long time to ship.  I belong to a book club and need to get the books in enough time to read them before the meeting.
B0049P1VHS|5.0|When I first learned of this series coming to television I could not believe it.  I was excited and worried at the same time.  Could the show be great?  Will the critics tear it apart like they like to do before giving anything a chance?  The only thing I had to go on was who was behind the Make-Up FX.  Greg Nicotero from KNB Effects!  I know this guy from his effects in many movies and studies in college when I myself was doing special effects.  When his name is mention you know you can look forward to seeing amazing practical effects.  But it turns out the show blew everyone away.  Great story, great characters, great action, great drama, and of course, amazing Zombies!  If any one says they couldn't stand this obviously has not watched it, or is just too weak stomached for intense imagination like this show brings.  It's no Law and Order or CSI...  Especially if the D.O.A. can E.A.T. you alive!  LOL  This is a show for the X-Generation and up.  I myself am proud that this show has been made and has done so amazingly.  Waiting until next October 31st for season 2 is going to suck.  Season 2 has been Green Lit for 13 episodes!  At least we'll have the DVD/BluRay of the first Season to tied us over till then.
B003FSTN6Q|5.0|With this dvd being release in OCT 2010 has it already been played on tv? If so then I have seen it. If the season was suppose to air on regular tv this fall then I have not seen it? Which is it and can u help me out?
B0011HF6GE|5.0|I always come back to this one.  There is a story behind how this album was created - maybe you can relate to it.  For me this is a great album that tells a story of a love, emotions, reality, and dealing with it in life...
B001FOPODS|5.0|I just lucked upon this on a PBS channel tonight and it's just an incredible rendition of the classic.  The music is more enthusiastic than in most other versions of the story, the style is refreshingly original and uniquely interesting, and the film is entirely an engaging, charming experience from the first minute to the last.  Every hand that touched this film belonged to someone that earnestly loved the material and it shows in every frame.  This film soundly shames the bulk of offerings from much larger production companies and is worthy of your attention, and at 32 minutes, that's time very well spent.
006112429X|4.0|I read this book shortly after it first came out and liked it very much.  I love the way the mother was honest about her feelings toward her son.  He was a strange little brat from day one.  The reason he went nuts does not seem to be caused by the way he was raised.  The author does a great job in describing the relationship of the son to the parents.  This is a very good novel and I recommend it to anyone who is not afraid of a depressing story.
B0037KMHRY|5.0|I knew this would happen. People getting so hyped for this score and then when it comes out they get ticked!! stop giving it bad reviews, get off your high horse. This is a fresh awesome SCORE to a movie! its not an album its not a 6 minute jump and down album ITS FOR A MOVIE! its like Hans Zimmer doing a score! This isnt like Juno so your so sad they didnt have songs that had NOTHING TO DO WITH THE MOVIE> its a score Daft Punk even said \\"they wanted this score to sound timeless and threw in an orchestra. cellos have been around for 400 years. Synthesizers have been around for 20 years and after this movie they probably will be gone in another 20. But cellos will live on...THATS COMG FROM THE PUNK YOU ALL WORSHIP. people who are dissapointed probably are fake fans of NEW IDEAS and DIFFERENT. thats what I thought everyone who reviews this album bad probably only like chocolate cake and this is vanilla. Well try a new flavor I promise youll like it...Buncha people who are closed minded and dont like changed....that what happen :(
B002ZG993Q|1.0|...the WORST movie I have EVER seen...if there is an Oscar for \\"Most Boring Movie,\\" then, brother, this movie will win it hands down...even the gratuitous and NEEDLESS  sex scenes were boring!...the actors -- and I'm being overly generous using \\"actors\\" to describe them -- were nothing but stone-faced, monotoned androids...Clooney is the only face I recognized in the movie -- probably because no other reputable actors were willing to show their faces in it...and don't look for a plot -- Clooney starts nowhere with no reason and goes to Italy and walks around frowning for an hour and a half -- probably frowning because he realized what a BOMB he had gotten himself into...I read a few reviews talking about it being a \\"psychological thriller\\" and just had to laugh...the ONLY thing \\"thrilling\\" about this movie is the end and that's only because you're thrilled the movie is finally OVER!!...
B000G6O2TS|5.0|My son has loved these knights since he was between 2-3 years old.  He used to always ask people what their favorite color knight was.  I think he probably has close to all of them.  He used to play with them all of the time. He even had a book or catalog that came with one of the products and he would sit there and go through it and decide which ones he wanted.  It would keep him entertained forever.  I think it helps with colors and he was so into these.  Because of these he always wanted to see knights joust.  I love these and so does he.
B0046BAATK|5.0|Like all good artists, Josh is stretching his musical muscles with this album.  True, many fans who liked him for the pop-like songs he had may not like this album much.  There are a couple of power ballads on here, but they're in French.  I actually really love this album and have been listening to it non-stop since I got it.  His voice is showing growth and has a richer, fuller sound on this album.  There are more songs on this that are vocally more difficult.  I love that he did it.  The songs make me think of modern-day American Art songs.  They're reflective and beautiful to listen to.
B001P06GX4|5.0|Blokus is a great family game!  My 4 and 6 year old grand kids love to play, and it's a rare game that adults can enjoy just as much along with them.
B004498KPU|5.0|Any Michael Jackson fan would LOVE to have this!  the packaging is very COOL with the 3D graphics! The booklet with the color pictures is wonderful, it all brings back wonderful memories of Michael's music...it is the playlist of my life.  Can't wait to view all the videos!  Especially the rare version of BAD with Wesley Snipes as the bad guy!  A must have for MJ fans!
B002ZG99NG|3.0|This is an interesting film, if only due to the strange high-praise it's getting. Gone Baby Gone is a vastly superior film, but it actually got \\"worse\\" reviews than The Town (though both films were very highly praised).     The film's problems can be overlooked, though there are some glaring weaknesses. Not the least of which is Ben Affleck in the lead of a bank robber with a conscience. The best part of Gone Baby Gone was that Ben Affleck did NOT cast himself in the lead, but he just couldn't resist here. He's just not charismatic and likable. Born to be the villain, but never wanting that role. He should have played the detective, although in reality that would have been the \\"good guy\\" if this wasn't hollywood trying to make you think that somehow a bank robber is the hero and the man trying to arrest him is the villain.     Jeremy Renner's character is undeveloped. We're not oblivious to films like this, and you get the idea right from the start that there's going to be some sort of betrayal. We've seen it a million times. Unfortunately, since you're looking for that, it's easy to overlook the family-like connection between the two. So there's an issue there. Renner's sister is introduced as a slut and very little is used to get into her and Affleck's backstory until the very end. The film's biggest weakness is definitely how characters are introduced without much explanation, and as such, it's difficult to know where they fit into the big scheme of things. As I said, films like this always seem to go in a certain direction and, when a film doesn't, you need to avoid misdirection - because everyone sitting in that theater was fully aware that Renner and Affleck would be at odds at one point (I'm not saying it does happen, but the seeds are planted from the start that it will happen).    Another issue is the idea of a bank robber falling in love with a hostage. Seen that before, very recently in fact. In fact, a lot of this movie just feels like bits and pieces ofother movies. There's not really an original idea to be had anywhere here. It was shot almost exactly like Gone Baby Gone, but it lacks in every category that GBG excelled in.     The final annoyance is tying Fenway Park into the ending. I know that Affleck is Red Sox fan, but the whole parking garage shootout thing wasn't very good. You could tell they said \\"Hey, let's put Fenway in the movie\\" and then had to write a scene around it. That's not how you make a good movie. It gets better after that, but that scene reminds me of the lame beach battle at the end of Robin Hood (2010). It's just like \\"really? that's the best you could do for the CLIMACTIC battle!?\\"    I'm ripping the film, but it's pretty good. I know others are going to give it high praise, so my review is just to balance them out - to let you know in advance that this isn't a great crime drama like Gone Baby Gone was. There are no amazing performances by people you've never heard of. There's no brilliantly woven story with twists. It's just a movie that tries to be Heat - and on some levels succeeds, but for the most part, it just doesn't need to exist. Easily forgotten and discarded, Affleck needs to figure out why he made Gone Baby Gone and consider those reasons in his future endeavors, because The Town is lacking the soul that GBG had.
0811874192|5.0|I have bought three of this esquisite book. One for myself, the two others for some friends. I love pop-up books and collect them. This one is different from the others, though, as it mainly serves a decoration purpose, at a very reasonable price in my opinion. It will not stay in the bookshelf but open on a table in my living-room. Inside, there is no text, no story or whatsoever but five magnificent flower arrangements to be set on the table. The book is much larger as I imagined. The colors and the shapes look realistic, the paper engineering is far above average and how surprisingly beautiful it looks! These flowers will never wilt and make a perfect gift.    I really hope that there will be other decoration pop-up books like this one.
B00280LYIC|2.0|What else is there to say? A friend suggested it, saying it was &#34;the best book in the world&#34; but when I read it I thought that is was seriously over-rated. I say that it would be great for young readers, but if you are someone looking for a book that is interesting AS WELL AS logical, I say find a different book. But nice incorporation of Greek mythology. (By the way, does anybody else wonder if the movie isn't even based off this book at all? Did the producers even read it, or just base it off the cover?)
B003ZHQVJO|4.0|I'm with you. I wish there were some full on jams on this album too. Does \\"Born Free\\" suffer from having to follow up the amazing Rock N Roll Jesus? Probably. But it's a musically solid album that I like more and more each time I listen to it. So it's not what you expected, that doesn't make it bad. I never expected to like a hip hop album before Devil Without A Cause. Once again Kid Rock has expanded my horizons.
B0002234LS|3.0|Johnny Depp was an excellent choice for the lead in this film adaptation of \\"Secret Window, Secret Garden\\", a novella by Stephen King. Tim Hutton was also a great choice for supporting actor. The chemistry between the two is mezmorizing and really quite well directed.<br /><br />The story moves slowly, but for good reason. There are some story points in the beginning that would be overlooked if the  action moved too quickly or if there was a lot of visual razzle-dazzle. It allows you to pay attention so you'll remember when the plot twists, and boy does it twist. Without spoiling the movie, I'll just say you're unwittingly rooting for the bad guy.<br /><br />If you're looking for a gory horror film like so many other King films, this isn't it. This is an intelligent, thoughtful and suspensful story. A story. Not a movie. While it's not Carrie or Christine, its carefully thought out plot works well as a feature-length film.
B003AMAOW4|4.0|Another beautifully sung and conducted music drama ruined, mercilessly sabotaged by Richard Jones' production.  Set in 1930's (?) Germany , this is a society in which duels are fought with swords but handguns serve to try to commit suicide; where cement mixers and microphones are present but people get summarily burned at the stake. And how does Brabant fit into this unsurpassed, unmitigated mess?    Poor Elsa, she does not get a knight, she gets a bricklayer.   He must have been  in the middle of his midday jog when he was peremptorily summoned to defend her:  he did not have the chance to shower, shave, and get some decentclothes on.     Euro-madness,euro-idiocy: pure,undiluted eurotrash.
0452289963|5.0|It's incredible how simple and deep at the same time! It is a master piece that fits for every human being...
1439153663|3.0|Once again, I really want to be able to give 3.5 stars.  I had a tough time deciding whether to round up or down but ultimately just couldn't give this four stars.    The story begins with a young Irish girl arriving at a Virginia plantation.  Her parents died in the journey and, as an indentured servant, she ends up living and working with the slaves that manage the house and the kitchen (vs. the plantation workers).  Lavinia becomes closely bonded to the men and women in service but doesn't understand the socisl rules that control their lives.  She becomes tangled up in these rules as she becomes part of the white family that owns the plantation as well.  There are many sad stories tangled up in the book, and these feel real given the time in history.      I enjoyed that the novel used two narrators -- Lavinia and Belle (a kitchen member who is the daughter of a slave and the plantation owner).  I thought it was a useful contrast since Belle made observations that Lavinia failed to understand.  I have seen people seem disappointed by the number of tragedies in the tale, but that didn't bother me.  It was a good story and told of a complex social network.  I just never fell fully into it.  I did care about the characters but was more than ready to leave them behind at the end.  There isn't much specific that I can point to...it just didn't capture me.
0316069884|5.0|Whatever your stance is on the ethics of eating animal products, you MUST read this book.  Beautiful written and extremely powerful, this book changed both my and my husband's life for the better.  JSF touches on the moral, health, environmental, and human rights reasons for not eating animals without ever being preachy. This is partially because he interviews people from all walks--from the last \\"humane\\" poultry farmer to the factory farm worker to the animal rights activist.  The scientific knowledge weaved throughout also strengthens the book, and JSF's compassionate and accepting stance is remarkable.  A true masterpiece on every level.  You won't be sorry you took the time to read this book.
030726999X|5.0|All of the other reviewers have covered most of the good stuff.  For me, I felt like we really got completely inside of the head of Lisbeth Salander in this third book.  I would say of the three, this has been my favorite. There was a lot less Erika Berger than I expected...she became far less relevant than in the first books. I think that is unfortunate because I liked the original dynamic with her three way love affair.<br /><br />Overall, ONCE AGAIN, I loved this book!
0399536108|2.0|Good info, but not new news.  A bit dangerous to some young collage students who may be on the brink of dropping out.  If you think for yourself and don't watch much TV, then this book's content will not be news for you.  The author likes to travel what seems like 30-40% of his life, which is fine.  But he travels on a low budget and enjoys it.  That is fine, but some people like me like to stay in clean hotels and don't like mice under beds.  For me, there is more to life than focusing on traveling the world.  I agree with the author that you need to do what YOU want and not what other people think you should do.  If your thing is traveling the world that is fine.
B0038BBA4I|5.0|I just discovered this band and I am totally blown away with them.  There is so much talent and depth and fire and passion and I could go on and on.  They are compared to CSN&Y, but I disagree; they have such a unique sound and unique voice and they get better and better with watch listen.  I can't wait to see what they do next until then \\"I will hold on\\".  Check out youtube for the video of them if you are not familiar with them and I am sure you too will fall in love with these amazing young musicians.   Marcus Mumford's voice is so moving and the lyrics can touch your heart deeply if you let them.  There is not a bad song on the album and I can't find a favorite because I like all of them!  Who knew how hard the banjo could rock.   The joy and the melancholy, the bitter and the sweet.......I am so impressed.
0307346617|1.0|Aw, man! So disappointed...<br /><br />There is absolutely no substance to this book. It aims for cult status, but is only riding on the hope that those of us who enjoy zombies will like it for the simple fact that it contains zombies. Don't fall for it. The characters are two-dimensional (actually, one might say one-dimensional, as they all seem to be the same person with different names and physical descriptions), the settings are trite, and the plot arc and evolution predictable.<br /><br />I was very excited to read this book - but only a few chapters in, I was having to consciously force myself to trudge on. About half-way through I finally tossed it aside, mid-sentence, no longer willing to waste any more time on it.<br /><br />It is interesting to me that the author chooses to tell the story from multiple points of view (an \\"Oral History,\\" he calls it), yet, all of the characters share the same voice. There is nothing to distinguish one character's point of view from another other than sparse, weak, situational descriptions. To top it off, the single voice, surely that of the author himself, is a clunky, forced machismo (the sort of stereotype that Bruce Campbell so fantastically parodies), yet without any self-awareness. The convention of the \\"Oral History\\" (which has promise for the genre) seems to stem more from the author's inability to craft a compelling single narrative; thus breaking the story into many separate pieces, while also lacking the talent to give each character a unique identity, voice, or anything beyond a superficial, stereotypical gloss. Ironically, the fact that a varied samplings of human beings from wildly different cultures, backgrounds, and psychological make-up might have drastically different reactions, recollections, attitudes, and voices in the wake of a world-wide catastrophe seems to be missing altogether.<br /><br />People who aren't into zombies or are unwilling to give zombie-themed fiction a chance often espouse that our predilection is based on works of no substance. Books such as this one only validate their point.<br /><br />Skip this one. Demand better.no substance. Books such as this one only validate their point.    Skip this one. Demand better.
B003XKPPOU|5.0|This was without a doubt one of the best movies ever. I saw this in teathers and it's better on Blu-Ray. Some bonus material is worth it. The trivia game involves all questions from all Toy Story films. It can be 1 or 2 players. There are some studio stories and an old 1980's promo for Lotsos. My favorite characters were Woody, Buzz, Lotso, Dolly, Rex, and Ham. Definately buy the COMBO PACK, it's more worth it so you get 3 ways to watch it. Bye.
B0043GAZYS|5.0|I remember when I went to see this in the theater. There was only maybe 20 people or so, no teens, mostly people in my age, around 25-35. And it was so amazing how everyone burst out laughing during the Universal logo at the start of the film! Throughout the film all of us were laughing and really into it. I think this movie best appeals to people in my age group, partly because of all the references to video games and for some reason it just felt like \\"our\\" kind of humor. I know I can't lump EVERYONE into the same group but the majority of people/friends I have who really enjoyed this movie are in my age group, the majority of friends/people I know who hated it are either much older or much younger. And I also have to admit that I got a real kick out of the fighting sequences as I am a fan of anime and I enjoyed how over the top and overly stylized the fighting was. Awesome!
B000VNMMQG|5.0|The acting in this movie was first rate. It is hard to make a movie about any government appealing. This movie did a great job of bring you into the story and capturing your attention. I found myself pulled in and feeling I was there. This movie proves that good acting is all you need to tell a good story. I am very impressed!
1402714580|5.0|I have read 1000's of books in my 66 years....but I do have to say Little Women will always be #1 on my list of books I have read. I hope Lexi enjoys it as much as I did.
0316069485|4.0|The District Attorney of Michael Connelly's LA legal and police universe has encountered a serious problem. As a result of DNA evidence, the 24 year old conviction of child killer Jason Jessup has been overturned and he has been granted a new trial. In the hopes of ensuring a new trial is above reproach and beyond a renewal of the allegations of prosecutorial misconduct that have surfaced in connection with the original trial, the DA has taken the unprecedented move of asking high-profile defence attorney, Mickey Haller, to switch hats and, for one time only, to assume the role of independent special prosecutor.<br /><br />THE REVERSAL, a title which reflects both the overturned verdict and the complete flip-flop of roles for the protagonist, Mickey Haller, is not so much a legal thriller as it is a noir, complex, richly character driven legal procedural. Mickey Haller, now appearing in his third Connelly novel, sits first chair. Second chair is taken by his wife, the acerbic long-time prosecutor, Maggie McPherson. The investigator for the team ... who else, LAPD Homicide Detective Harry Bosch! Appearing in a role slightly greater than a cameo but considerably less than a full-fledged cast member is Harry Bosch's one-time squeeze, FBI Special Agent and criminal profiler Rachel Walling.<br /><br />Despite the fact that the bad guy is known effectively from the very get-go, THE REVERSAL is a compelling novel. It speaks eloquently to the intrusion of politics and public opinion in the legal process. It lays bare the twists, turns, abuses and surprises that seem to pervert a search for fairness and justice. It shows in a disquieting and disturbingly incomplete ending that life is never as cut and dried or as simple as we would wish it to be.<br /><br />Although Harry Bosch, as literary characters go, is mature and exceptionally well-developed in the eyes of his legion of fans, Connelly presents him as an ever-changing and still growing man in his new role as a single father conflicted by the apparently mutually exclusive desires to protect his daughter and allow her to mature into a woman. He is also shown to be a confused widower who may still have warm feelings for a lady from his past. On the other hand, Mickey Haller, Harry Bosch's half-brother and a much newer Connelly character, is just beginning to blossom. THE REVERSAL will have Connelly fans clamouring for his next outing.<br /><br />Highly recommended.<br /><br />Paul Weissapparently mutually exclusive desires to protect his daughter and allow her to mature into a woman. He is also shown to be a confused widower who may still have warm feelings for a lady from his past. On the other hand, Mickey Haller, Harry Bosch's half-brother and a much newer Connelly character, is just beginning to blossom. THE REVERSAL will have Connelly fans clamouring for his next outing.    Highly recommended.    Paul Weiss
1439102813|5.0|This is a quick read that hits you in the gut. You come away saying do I have the same problem starting. I read this several weeks ago and think of it daily. Read it and pass it on. It will make you think differently about alzhiemers disease.
1400064287|5.0|Whether you're a kindergarten teacher or an engineer, this book will provide you with some great ideas. It's a fun and engaging read.
1573229725|4.0|Melodramatic with unsuspecting plot twists separated by narratives from the 2 main female characters made this an engrossing read. The suspense, the manipulation and surprising histories behind the characters change the readers perspective multiple times, adding layers of delicious complexity in this tale. Uncovering the true nature beneath the surface images presented by many of the characters alternately enthralls and horrifies the reader. The echoes of lesbianism in this tale are cleverly hinted at before we are presented with the actual event.<br /><br />It's hard to review this without giving everything away, but I will say that this is definitely a book worthy of being read without distractions.
B003YUC2FE|3.0|As a grandparent I'd consider this item to be more of a collectors item than a gift. The way the discs are packed in the presentation case is awkward at best.
B00493AD74|1.0|My wife who loves Desperate Housewives thought she would like to watch this chic flic.  But after an hour of mindless dreary nothingness, she had to turn it off.  I tried to coax her not to waste our $3.99 rental, but she couldn't stomach watching the whole movie.  I gave up after the first 25 minutes.
0451163540|4.0|I've long been a big fan of Follett's work, not one of his books has ever disappointed me. While this doesn't top the list, it's a great read. It started out a little slow but by about halfway in I couldn't put it down. My only gripe about Follett's books is that there is invariably a sex scene or two that feel really patched in and don't add much of anything to the story. The overly detailed blow by blow descriptions just make me snicker, it's as if a few pages were cut from a cheesy romance novel and pasted in.
B001GZ6QDS|5.0|Outstanding film. Awesome price, shipping could have been a little cheaper however every penny was worth it for this film. Great condition and arrival of product. Thank you.
B002G1YPH0|5.0|If you're reading reviews here at Amazon, you already know this is a GREAT cooler. Has won many awards online, great price, great cooling ability, etc. I just want to add some tips:<br /><br />+ I prefer using aftermarket paste. Arctic Silver 5 is a perennial favorite, but I recently used Xigmatek thermal grease. Comes with a spreader and is not conductive so you dont have to worry if it smears somewhere<br /><br />+ This cooler is 158.50mm tall, so check to make sure you have clearance in your case before installing. FYI, the thermaltake A90 case accomodates this cooler nicely.<br /><br />+ throw away the instructions and watch the youtube video Coolermaster made<br /><br />+ For AM3 installers ---> the retention plate on back goes flush against the motherboard. (Intel users the retention plate is not flush, rather only the prongs touch the back)<br /><br />+ DO NOT REMOVED THE PLASTIC on the retention plate. It is there to prevent electrical conduction against the motherboard! Do not remove it!<br /><br />+ The cooler is tall enough to accomodate small heatsinks on RAM, for example G.skill ripjaws. The fan is also adjustable easily so you can slide it up a touch if you have taller heatsinks, but i wouldnt go any taller than ripjaws.
031603438X|4.0|This month's recommended reading surprised me. I downloaded Keith Richard's autobiography \\"Life\\" on my iPad after watching his interview on the TV show, Sunday Morning. I enjoy pirates... Johnny Depp's character in the Pirates of the Caribbean movies was influenced by and developed from the Rolling Stones guitar player and writer Keith Richards. And he IS a real character in real life. So, I was interested to read about his life. What impressed me about this notorious stoner and hard-working artist is his focus on his craft and how he got to be a living legend, now living comfortably, in all places, Connecticut. I am impressed how he got where he is today - his intelligence, perseverance and survival in the rapidly exploding rock scene of the early 60s. I'm not especially a rock affectionado, but this guy is great. It's a good read.<br /><br />I'm not Charlie Watts, but hey practicing and playing the drums in my studio every morning motivates me to paint more creatively and more importantly... looser!
B001M6AHVS|5.0|Perfect. No fuss . Got what I ordered  Delivery was upgraded   Came in perfect condition. Why shop at a store??   Thank you
1400079179|5.0|I had never read a book by this author before, and found the details and twists and turns of the plot facinating.  If you are into arcane facts and symbols, and their mysterious meanings, this is for you.<br />And the bookseller delivered the book promptly, in the condition advertised.
B004259BMM|5.0|This album is full of songs that are sincere, genuine and have lots of meaning. Because Keith writes the majority of his own songs, when he sings them they are so much more believable. He is a true artist. While this cd doesn't have as many tunes that are \\"dark\\" like his other albums, it is still one of his best. This is a definite album to pick up and add to your collection.
B004259BMM|5.0|As always, I couldn't wait until Keith Urban released his latest cd. It was definitely worth waiting for.  I absolutely LOVE this album. Keith's music never ceases to amaze me.  \\"Put You In A Song\\" puts a smile on my face every time I hear it.  \\"You Gonna Fly\\" takes me back to early days because I think it has a bit of The Ranch feel to it for anyone who loved that early music like I did.  I don't know if it was because of Keith losing all of his guitars in the Nashville flood or not, but this CD has a real organic, fresh feel for me.  I feel like Keith is just sitting around and jamming with his band and having fun.  I like that when I listen to music.  The joy that Keith gets from making music is evident throughout this whole CD. It makes me happy, pure and simple.
B001VNB54A|5.0|Following the HBO series Band of Brothers, the Pacific has given us the other side of the story. Well written and acted, the movie follows the EB Sledge book very closely and gives the viewer the sense of what hell these men went through during these battles, and for the rest of their lives. A tribute to all those that fought in the Pacific.
0375701427|1.0|Against my better judgment, I read this book to the very end, hoping   for some type of payoff for the time I invested in this dull novel.  There was no payoff.  What an overhyped, boring pile of drivel from beginning to end.
B002ZG977Y|4.0|Greek mythology yields itself marvellously well to massive cinematic experiences. The wide shots include lots of very beautiful seashore, wilderness and forest scenes. These set the scenes wonderfully well for the adventure elements contained within this film. Also in this film, a lot of the creatures are presented, some friendly, and many that pose as formidable foes. A brave band of men set out on a journey to save the life of a princess after the foolish and arrogant boasts of a queen that was less than discrete.<br /><br />Included in this 'fellowship' is Perseus (Sam Worthington), the son of Zeus.<br /><br />The story is centered around the Greek city Argos. As the movie begins, there is a narration. We learn about the three main Olympians who battled in the distant past: the brothers Zeus (Liam Neeson), Poseidon (Danny Huston), and Hades (Ralph Fiennes). However, it was Hades who provided the means of defeating the Titans with his creation, the Kraken. After the Titans' defeat, Zeus created humans and ruled them, while Poseidon ruled the sea, but Hades, having been betrayed by Zeus, was forced to rule the Underworld. Zeus and Poseidon gain power from the prayers of humans, but Hades gets his power through fear.<br /><br />Humanity has gotten tired of the Olympians, and their self-serving ways and has started to rebel against them, this has led to Hades being given the authority to loose the Kraken upon humanity. (But Hades has not forgotten the betrayal of Zeus in the past.)<br /><br />This is a cinematic wonder with lots of very good CG animations that appear flawless. There is a lot of excitement and of particular focus was the encounter with Medusa - a lot of men were lost in this battle and it was simple awesome watching the men turn to stone.<br /><br />This story may have been told a thousand times, but so what? This one is still worth seeing. If you like adventure and action, rest assured that this movie delivers on the goods big time.
B002VPE1B6|4.0|12/27/10 - UPDATE. Found out that the issue was not with anything other than the old Powerdvd software. I found a Cyberlink update (posted 12/13 - build 3608) that solved the problem. I changed my rating to 4 because the disc itself was only part of the problem. If the movie performed flawlessly I would have rated it 5 because it's very entertaining and I loved it. However, Fox's decision to use the version of DRM that it did caused nothing but headaches for legions Avatar of fans. And for what? I understand that it was cracked on the first day. Anyway, DRM sucks badly and the constantly changing Blu-ray standard sucks as well. But the movie is a gem and highly recommend it.       Original post - My HTPC won't play the Blu-ray Avatar disc. Thought it might be my old (quirky) Lite On DH-401S drive. There was no firmware update newer than 2 years ago. I was also using the OEM Powerdvd software that came with the drive and I thought that might have something to do with it as well. Keep in mind that every other BR title in my collection plays (Toy Story 3, Taken, How to Train Your Dragon, Star Trek, Transformers, etc.). So I bought a new Samsung SH-B123 drive and Powerdvd 9. Made sure the latest drive firmware was installed, any patches for the Powerdvd 9 and the latest Catalyst drivers. I fully expected the Avatar BR to play, but it does the exact same thing. Loads, but never makes it to previews or the menu. Thinking I might have a bad disc, I took it to my Dad's house and it played. Now I'm what's going on here? After doing some basic research I come to find out that a lot of people are complaining because the DRM encryption is preventing legitimate owners from viewing the movie. Not sure it's worth the hassle of trying to return it, but I definitely NOT buy any title that has DRM encryption.
B00005M989|2.0|It kinda sickens me that too many people go on & on about silliness like Get Off,Sexy M.F.,etc.<br />The same man who did complex works like Parade or Sign O The Times not to mention the stunning Graffiti Bridge tracks -The Question Of U & Joy In Repetition, should not have been doing juvenile, hiphoppity stuff like Get Off in the first place.<br />This is NOT the very best of Prince.
0316067938|5.0|I really enjoyed every book of the twilight series and I thought Breaking Dawn had a lot of action, a couple twists, and a perfect ending. Stephanie Meyer is a an amazing writer this was probably my favorite book out of the series. Great ending!
B002ZG99A4|5.0|I bought this movie on blue-ray the day it came out. This is one of my favorite movies, and if you are a fan of Rambo, Crank, or any other action packed movie, then you will love this. I like having the three disc combo for convenience, and it isn't all that expensive either. I would definitely suggest buying this movie as it is a great movie that I intend to rewatch a lot.
B0041KKYDI|3.0|James Franco has been wearing a lot of hats lately. After a brief stint on the soap opera \\"General Hospital,\\" he can now add author to his resume for his first collection of short stories enitled \\"Palo Alto.\\" This month, the Emmy award-winning actor (James Dean) tackles the role of Aron Rolston, the real-life mountain climber who gets trapped underneath a bolder in Utah for nearly six days and lives to tell the story in 127 Hours.    Many of us who were familiar with the story of the real-life Rolston (from his various TV appearances or his 2004 autobiography \\"Between a Rock and a Hard Place\\") already know how this story pans out and how he manages to escape. So they may appreciate watching this movie to learn what happens in between those two crucial moments. Too bad what does happen isn't nearly as interesting as those two turning points. And it ends up getting boring and repetitive after, say, the third day.     Franco, who has the daunting task of carrying this film on his own for nearly two hours, delivers a solid performance as the strapping climber who shows his vulnerability when he reflects back on his life--the mistakes he's made and the moments he may miss. Danny Boyle, the Academy award-winning director of Slumdog Millionaire, charms audiences with his clever camera tricks catching the point of view of the movie's protagonist. But together they still couldn't make more of the real story than what it was--something that might have been more compelling on the Discovery Channel. Franco was trapped in a mountain, and audiences may feel trapped waiting for something more to happen.
B002RT69QQ|5.0|I received this as part of package which included a 4gb Kingston memory card.    Seems fast, at least as fast as my other reader which I thought was one of the fastest I've ever used. I copied a 3.5gb ISO file to it to test and it was done in under 5 minutes.    Yes, it is somewhat large relative to some of the other tiny readers I've seen, but it's still quite compact. It's just about the equivalent of two thumb drives side by side. As others have reported, it does come with a little usb extension pigtail.    Construction wise, it seems very well built. I don't see how anyone could describe the one I got as flimsy. Yes, it's plastic, but it seems solid. I really like how the front slides to cover the usb port and the back slides to cover the SD cards. Great design.    The little blue light on mine is very dim. I guess they did that to keep down the annoyance factor.    Overall, I'm very pleased.
0470638842|5.0|I read this for my new media class and really enjoyed that it didn't focus just on social media for marketing but rather talked about how people use the tools and how social media is changing our culture, not just our marketing strategies and tactics.     The only negative I have for this book is the chapter lengths. I prefer shorter chapters but it's not a huge deal because he had summary points at the end of each chapter. It made it easy to get all the content even though some chapters were fairly long.     If you're interested at all in social media or if you are going in to marketing, journalism, PR or any other kind of business, really, I highly recommend taking a look at this book. You'll learn some wonderful things!     In addition, my class also had a wonderful real-life example of social media at work. I wrote a blog post about it here: [...]
B0032JTV6U|5.0|We can watch these episodes over and over.  Just so much fun.  Can't wait to get the next season.
B002ZG999U|2.0|OK, I will admit it is cute to see all these past their prime, except Mickey Rourke, actors trying to have that one last fun in the sun round up. But all in all this is a terrible flick with bad acting, worse dialogue and violence that would make Bugs Bunny roll his eyes. I enjoy turning my brain off sometimes for something silly and stupid but this goes beyond the pale even for that.     Long story short there are much better, dumb action movies out there than this one.  Don't waste your time or your money!
1597801585|1.0|The Windup Girl starts off promisingly: we get hints of a large story, and the details of the milieu are filled in in tantalizing glimpses--as is customary in science fiction. But then the novel fails to deliver, petering itself out in redundant action sequences, flat characters, and whole chapters spent listening to the same internal monologues over and over.  For me the novel simply felt amateurish and poorly written. Much of the writing is small, repetitive, and procedural. A typical example sentence is when a character muses: \\"Ah, Jaidee, she thinks. I am sorry. So sorry. For everything I have done to you and yours. I did not set out to hurt you.\\" (p. 211) Here Bacigalupi has taken the merely functional statement of \\"I am sorry\\" and stretched it out to 26 words while adding nothing. And take this monologue where one character muses:  Is she alive? Is she dead? Was it Trade? Was it another? A 'jao por', incensed at Jaidee's audacity? Was it someone within the Environment Ministry? Bhirom-bhakdi, irritated at Jaidee's disregard for protocol? Was it meant as a kidnapping, or murder? Did she die fighting to get free? ... Does she float in the Chao Phraya, food now for the Boddhi Carp rev 2.3 that the Ministry has bred with such success?  (p. 168)  Here not only is Bacigalupi padding his book by just having a character ask questions (and ones which range from obvious to ridiculous), but he's even repeating the same questions in superficially different ways: \\"Is {x} true? Is {not x} true? Was it {y}? Was it {not y}? Or perhaps {z}? ...\\" The reader learns nothing, but words are used up. (And that excerpt was significantly abbreviated, by the way.)  Bacigalupi's action sequences are also propelled by similarly vapid bits of commentary from the characters, as when they say things like \\"I jumped, she thinks. I jumped.\\" (p. 200) As the book drags on, Bacigalupi seems to resort to writing in nothing but staccato sentence fragments. Clichs are also out in force, such as when he starts off a chapter with some non sequitur rambling, then breathlessly segues back to his story with, \\"This is what Kanya thinks as she rides her bicycle across the city.\\" (p. 192) I found this writing hardly conscientious, and it made me wish that standards were higher in science fiction.  Another thing that grated on me was Bacigalupi's use of extraneous foreign words. Introducing foreign words can be fascinating when they embody unique concepts. I remember an engaging scene in a Hiroshima docudrama where President Truman and his advisors are trying to interpet the Japanese response to the Potsdam Declaration, and they have to call in an expert to translate the word 'mokusatsu' for them because it has no English equivalent, yet its precise meaning was crucial to determining whether Japan was going to surrender or continue the war--and so then whether the US should use the atomic bombs. That was intriguing. But in The Windup Girl foreign words seem to be used in only two ways. The first is for something that will only be mentioned once and that doesn't matter at all, such as the names of foods:  He misses Hainan chicken and 'laksa asam' and good sweet 'kopi' and 'roti canai.'  (p. 69)  The sentence seems intended as mere flavor text to remind the reader that this book takes place in Thailand. Yet this establishment is still going on by page 69, and far later, with throwaway references to 'jinjok lizards,' 'takram balls,' 'laab mu', and 'gaeng gai.'  The second way in which Bacigalupi uses foreign words is as stand-ins for perfectly equivalent English cognates. He maintains a corpus of about two dozen foreign words, and he either leaves the reader to figure them out, or he introduces them as risibly as this:  She has no appreciation for 'sanuk', for fun, even such intense fun, such 'sanuk mak' as successfully shaking down the Trade Ministry ...  (p. 49)  For myself, I don't see any crucial difference between the concepts of 'fun' and 'sanuk.' And yet from then on Bacigalupi insists on using only 'sanuk.' Perhaps because copping out to a foreign word relieves him of having to think of a synonym such as 'cheer,' 'amusement,' or 'mirth.' Combine this with Bacigalupi's reliance on repetition to make word count, and one ends up seeing sentences like this over and over:  Not like Kanya, dour Kanya, all 'jai yen' all the time. Not 'sanuk' at all, but certainly 'jai yen.'  (p. 84)  While the Thai words escaped me, Bacigalupi also uses some Chinese words, which I did understand, and so I knew exactly how silly he was being. For example he says 'yang guizi foreign devil,' as if oblivious to the fact that he's repeating himself on the level of, 'What's your soup du jour of the day?' And he uses 'Xiansheng' several times without explanation, despite the fact that all it means is 'Mister.' Yeah, you can see how much that loses in translation.  It is not hard to write a good book or at least a passable one, but it is far easier to litter it with repeated mistakes, which is how The Windup Girl felt for me. I wish I could read a tighter version of the story with the clunky and redundant writing removed. But I don't have much incentive to read another offering from Mr. Bacigalupi since his writing style has already proven sufficient to clinch the top two awards in science fiction, so there is little chance that he will see any need to alter it. This seems a telling referendum on the state of science fiction itself, and reminds me why I moved away from it to other genres.
B003L20ICE|4.0|The traditional family drama gets a provocative twist in this year's preeminent romantic dramedy The Kids Are All Right. Oscar nominees Julianne Moore and Annette Bening star as a gay married couple with two kids trying to battle the throes of their relationship when their kids decide to get curious about their biological father.           Jules and Nic (played by Moore and Bening, respectively) are slowly drifting into their own marriage hell when the lethal mix of emotional distance, Nic's dominance and Jules's submissiveness rear their ugly heads. Then their children Joni (Mia Wasikowska) and Laser (Josh Hutcherson) decide to seek out their Dad out of sheer curiosity during Joni's last month at home before she heads to college. The distance between their parents grows even further when the mere addition of the cool, motorcycle-riding dad Paul (played by Mark Ruffalo) threatens to disrupt their tight family unit. The impact Paul has on the family causes Nic to suspect that he may be causing her family to crumble like a stack of cards. But, like in any family drama. what doesn't kill them makes them stronger in the end.     Moore and Bening shine in this poignant film with Moore nailing her signature performance of a woman holding on to her last string of hope and Bening letting her fear of losing her family dictate her actions. Together the performances mark the perfect recipe in a beautifully written story is both funny in the most surprising parts and touching when it needs to be.
B000O176Q6|5.0|This is the best home video/audio presentation of this movie.  The extras are so much and good that it's unbelievable (BTW, I'm usually not a fan for extras).  This 2007 version of the blu ray has \\"A Warrior's Journey\\" which is not just an excellent documentary of Bruce but it contains the recovered sequence of \\"The Game of Death\\" lasting about 30 minutes, an absolute treat.  The 2010 blu version omitted that documentary.????  If you enjoy Bruce Lee's presence and his work and you have held out until now, then you have a real bargain on your hand.  Enjoy!!
0312427999|5.0|This book is a must read to understand the situation regarding the one world economy and how in the end it will cause the world economic collapse.  The major start of the process was under president Reagan through Obama. It makes no difference who is elected because they are just the tool of the Friedman school of economics which is the disaster leading the world to major collapse. The question is only when will it happen on a world scale.    John R in Chicago
B00275EHJG|5.0|It is a great movie for children and adults alike.  Just like in real life, our children have to leave home to go to college and as adults we hold many memories dear to our hearts.  Truely a classic.
B002IYEQR4|5.0|Simply the best. While I loved the release shown in movie theaters, and separately the disc of The Tales of the Black Freighter, having them woven together as the graphic novel does is unforgettable. It's easy to relate the anguish of Rorschach with the trauma in The Black Freighter -- artistically rendered in this Blu-ray release. The additional footage weaves in perfectly, unlike other films (e.g. Avatar) where you spend your time noting \\"there's a new scene...\\" This is a great addition to anyone's Blu-ray library!
B0042JTDXK|5.0|Prior to seeing some clips at a popular video site of his Awake Live, I only had Josh Groban's \\"Closer\\" CD, which I have absolutely loved for years. His voice effortlessly (or so it seems) pours across the soul as an ointment across a wound. To see him on a talk show (many years back, and I don't remember which one it was), I was impressed to see the non-flashy performance of a man who simply stood, opened his mouth, and produced something absolutely beautiful without hype or physicality. His \\"Closer\\" CD was better than his first (I recently got his first CD), and I prefer it to his \\"Awake\\" CD (but love the DVD's music choices!)... but when it comes to \\"Illuminations,\\" Josh has grown leaps and bounds, which I didn't know was possible. His voice has become much more refined, and he uses it as a skilled craftsman in this CD. The rhythm each song in \\"Illuminations,\\" is so different from what's commonly produced in America today-- it's got a motivating undercurrent that inspires. The lyrics to the new songs he has written are also excellent, and show another area of growth in this wonderful musician and singer. I can say, by far, \\"Illuminations\\" is, in my opinion, his best work yet! From the first song to the last, each song is like medicine and when the CD ends, I find that I want more.    For those who are even mildly fans of Mr. Groban, this CD may hold some surprises as his \\"tenor\\" has become more refined in its detail and quality, he wrote or co-wrote most of the songs on this one, and contributed a huge part to the music composition. I highly recommend this CD no matter what genre preference one holds, because this CD doesn't fit into any of the genre boxes! Truly, he's \\"pushing the envelop,\\" as they say, musically, lyrically, and vocally.
1932100660|5.0|If you are seeking the truth about the American diet, read this book. It will change you eating habits forever and therefore change your life. There are horrible products in our food system that have been allowed by the FDA, for instance, that are making people sick or aiding in peoples' sicknesses. It is vital that we learn how to avoid the foods that contain these contaminants to optimize our health and how we function every day. Don't be controlled by medications handed out by doctors. These are not solutions to our problems and in fact they cause more ailments and only delay consequences of our eating habits. Learn for yourself about our SAD (standard Amercan diet) and gain the education you need to change your eating habits. You won't regret reading this book.
B00005TQKQ|5.0|Recently bought an used 8mm Sony Cammera, searched for a head cleaner videocassette, but they're discontinued already, glad to see I could buy it through Amazon
1591391105|4.0|Several very useful tips and tools, yet tends to be dogmatic and does not flow as well as you'd like.
B001GCUO5M|4.0|The setting: 1954. A deliciously forboding rocky island 11 miles from Boston, home to a mental institution for the worst of America's criminally insane.<br /><br />The plot: Two federal marshals arrive as a storm is brewing, to investigate the disappearance of one of the patients. It soon becomes clear to the cops that it's not just the patients who are spinning tales around here.<br /><br />The ambience: Gloomy, gothic, and menacing.<br /><br />Cast and characters: Leonardo DeCaprio as senior investigator Teddy Daniels, a WWII vet whose wife died in a fire a few years after he returned home from the war. Moody and still reeling from his traumatic experiences, Daniels rapidly becomes suspicious about what's really going on, in secret, of course, on Shutter Island. Mark Ruffalo as Daniels' partner, allowing him to take the lead. Ben Kingsley as the chief medical director, a man of subtlety and ambiguity, concerned for his patients and devoted to dragging the treatment of the insane out of the dark ages. Michelle Williams, playing the ghost of Daniels' wife, who haunts his dreams, waking and sleeping. Finally, there's an array of creepy denizens among the nurses, orderlies, inmates, and guards, to create and maintain the sense of doom and hopelessness.<br /><br />Whether or not you guess the ending early on (I must confess I did not), Shutter Island is a first rate production. Its visuals, though often bleak, are stunning, particularly the steel maze that is the high security building and the craggy cliffs on the backside of the island.  Scorsese's technique of layering flashbacks into present day action ratchets up the viewer's sense of anxiety along with Daniels', till it isn't always possible to differentiate fact from dream from hallucination. Scorsese has become every bit as skilled as Hitchcock in creating restrained horror. Top drawer direction, acting, and storytelling - what more can you ask from a movie?
B0013O123Q|2.0|This movie wasted at least \\"45 minutes\\" of unfocused, extended scenes of which half took place in just the running of the credits at the \\"beginning\\". The best I can say for it was at the end (which was reallly the beginning scene) when I realized it was finished and that the actual story line was rather good and the qenuine novel idea of completely \\"reversing\\" the order of the scenes was very good. But even for the nominal cost of viewing this movie I don't think the torturously long \\"times\\" of extended darkness, shadowed actors, rotating, and skewed camera angles were at all called for or worth it!
B001MW0J2Y|5.0|First before the beginning. And not a baseball reference.  Oh my goodness. you just sit back and listen. It's so slow. Oh God.  So slow.  It's just wonderful. Beautiful.   I'm telling  you John must be on a wavelenge with like Jesus or something. The album and that song are just so different than all of today's commercial music. Were there are so many whores willing to do what ever the music industry wants. This definetely includes country music. Country music is all whores.    Sorry but no other way to really say it.  John's music and this album are really anti commercial. There not meant to be highly succesful. But oh  does John put his heart and soul into it.  The low tech recording. All real musicians except one drum track on 5.  The whole thing is good. Very good. Unreachable track 3. God. There hasn't been music like this since the mid 70's.  Make you druel. John singing pooring out his heart and singing some really disturbing lyrics but he so honest and passionate. It's so real.   I bought this ablum at a best buy in feb 10 on a fluke. Since then. I probably have listened to it almost exclusively. In the insane fast paced world we live in. I'm glad john is realling us back into honest and good music.  I don't know what his deal is. If he uses and he aint Jesus. But I think he is drawing maybe from his faith. Sounds to me like he is.  Then maybe the residual affects of drug use. All I know is it's very good. I love it. Thanks John.
B004259BMM|5.0|Keith Urban continues to put out amazing CD's and \\"Get Closer\\" is no exception.  In every song on this CD you can just tell how happy and in love Keith is. It's hard to pick out a favorite, but my top 3 songs on the CD are \\"Put You In A Song\\", \\"You Gonna Fly\\" and \\"Long Hot Summer\\".  The lyrics are so much fun and creative.  I highly recommend that you purchase this CD - you will not be disappointed!
B0045NDVFE|4.0|Great Album for a band that is going to just get better, and better!     This album is amazing! a bunch of good hits, with a couple songs that aren't so \\"Main stream\\" but are great!!!     The Band Perry is great, and this is just their 1st album!    GET.IT.
0451228375|5.0|This book was long. Took me three weeks to read it. But like all long Follett books it was superb. Speaking of Follett. What's with the hair? Looks a little wild to me. Is it a British thing? All over the place.<br /><br />Anyway, back to the book. Follett must be a genius to write this thing. So much going on. And today I picked up Fall of Giants. At the beginning the book he lists like 100 characters. How the heck do you keep track of all that unless you are genius level? Then he weaves them into an engaging and provacative story. Amazing.
0316286869|4.0|I have bought this book twice now as a gift, and I think it is a fun book to have around.  It also has very usable information that is easy to understand.  I love that there are instructions for several kinds of everyday looks as well as some extreme styles and era styles also.
0698400852|5.0|I recieved the book A Christmas Carol right on time. Wow ! It is wonderful. I love the pictures, front cover and everything about the book. I would highly recomend it. Thanks
B00364K6YW|5.0|Pride and Prejudice is my favorate movie!! I watched in my friend's home like 6-7 years ago.   Always wanted to buy the DVD for myself, but it's just hard to find a good one for this BBC version.   As soon as I see this on Amazon, I decide to buy it. And I bought two, one for myself and one for my friends as a gift.  The package arrived very fast, and I watched it as soon as I got it.   It's great, with the English subtitle, it's much easier for me to understand.   The DVD is well made with good image & sound. Watching it with my iMac is a great joy!
B002EEP3NO|3.0|I put this toy in my cart and waited a week to decide if I was going to buy or not.  When I can back to it the price had raised from 399.00 to 514.00.  I deleted it and went straight to the LEGO store and bought it for $399.00
0553381687|5.0|Incredible world building, character development, plot twists, intrigue, unexpected plot twists...  Martin does it all, and does it well.  If you're just getting into fantasy fiction, this the best one to start with.<br /><br />If you enjoy fantasy fiction, and haven't read this series, move it to the top of your list!  Everyone I know who has read this (including myself) loves it.
1582406723|5.0|Came in great condition.  Was wrapped in a box (that was stuffed in another box with other items I ordered, so it was well protected...) Shipping was a touch slow, but I ordered it in the month of December, so I'm guessing that's the reason why it was slow.  Can't wait to give it to the gift-ee!
B0024FADDI|5.0|I was just introduced to this series recently, and I love it! What a fun time!! Bruce Campbell is my hero!
B00328G4XY|3.0|Eddie kramer can't keep his hands off of the compressor. heaven forbid that we have any space or dynamic range in the music of Jimi Hendrix. it's smashed up in your face like modern rock but it's not as bad as the 1997 remasters and the sound is crisp and clean.
0446679089|2.0|The plot line was interesting enough and the author has a nice style.  But I found that I could have put the book down at any time.  It wasn't tight enough; it was a bit slow.  Overall, it was disappointing.  I was looking for a fun book, a fast read.  Something light and fun for a change.  This wasn't it.  I slogged through till the end, but never really engaged with any of the characters.
B003L20IHE|5.0|I was s little hesitant to rent Charlie St. Cloud when I first heard of it, but after seeing the trailers for it, I was intrigued enough to rent it when it came out. Man, am I glad I did. I have two young girls (10 and 12 now) so I was already familiar with Mr. High School Musical and I could admit that as corny as those were, the kid (Efron) had talent. I seen him in \\"17 Again\\" and thought it was really good so I didn't think Efron would let me down as long as the story was acceptable. Boy was it ever.<br />\\"<br />CSC is such a soul searching and inspirational story that tests the brotherly bond and open the \\"in between\\" world up to the viewer in a way that is just so emotionally charged, you may literally shed tears or laugh out loud at any second.<br /><br />If you have any heart at all (and especially if you have children of your own), this movie will make you cry, so stock up on the tissues. However this is one of the few movies that crying is not a bad thing. In order for most people to cry during a movie, you have to fall in love with the characters and \\"care\\" if they are sad, which then makes you sad. That's the sign of a great movie and Charlie St. Cloud is a GREAT MOVIE that still resonates in my recent memory after seeing 3 days ago. The acting is absolutely incredible by both Efron and his little brother Sam. By this movie, rent this movie, do what you have to do to see this movie NOW.
031603438X|2.0|I was disappointed with this book.  Keith basically wants us to believe that deep inside, he is just a 16 year-old teenager, locked in his room smoking grass and listening to the blues. Everything that happened to him, money, success, his image; he was not responsible for any of  it.   Come on, old man, you want us to believe this bull ?!!!    Since nobody can be so blind, Keith must have a hidden agenda, and I guess it is to hide his very ugly life in the moral, spiritual and humanistic sides, and substitute it with the one of a romantic music lover one.     However, the book itself destroys his attempt. Basically, his life can be divided in three parts:    80% of time looking for  or consuming drugs.  15% of time copying the style and ideas of American blues and early rock artists.  5% of time working.    The book is a never ending story of how many times he consumed this drug or the other,how he dealt with the dealers, blah, blah, blah. Then he goes on to brag about how smart he is to carry a pocket knife with him, and  how brave he is that he showed it to someone a couple of times. This would be too stupid for a 16 year old , but coming from a senior citizen, it is ludicrous. Grow up already.     The bad guys in the book are the cops doing their work. They are evil because they accused him of doing exactly what he was doing; consuming tons of illegal drugs. The book is a lesson on how rich people can get away with anything in this society. What kind of rebel is this that pays his way out of anything, like a politician or a son of a banker would?    Keith obviously doesn't tell a lot and shows his inconsistencies;    - One would think he is a Bible believer, for the many times he says \\"bless his heart\\". He never talks about his or the band's involvement with occultism. Even in the book cover he is covering one eye, in what is a very well known occult sign, but he wants us to believe that singing about the devil was just a joke.   - He says that orgies and casualsex are just all the same, so, if you wanted to peek into this side of his life, forget it.   - He beds half the women he finds, but he is so innocent that he never approaches them first. And he says he wanted his marriage to last.  - He drives stoned with his kid in his car,smashes it onto a tree and is casual about it.  - He badmouths America all the time but clones all his music from there, and even goes to live there.  - He lives like a millionaire capitalist but Mick is the bad guy who is on the side of the \\"system\\".    Naively, I was  expecting a book much like Motley Crue's Nikki Sixx's, where the guy really opens up about all he did and why he did it. Keith has always been a calculating, egotistic SOB, and it would be interesting to read the memoirs of such a person, especially if he is rich and famous and has been in the right places, at the right time, with the right people. But in order for such a book to be great, the author must be SINCERE. Trying to pass for an idealistic teenager while flying in your private jet is ridiculous.     The bottom-line is that Keith and this book are as fake as a 3 dollar bill. The man IS the system. He is as far from a romantic  musician as one can be.   Unfortunately, many Stones fans are so much in love with the band that they won't realize this.
B001EYU1VO|4.0|I purchased this product back in July and I actually had to return the first one I received due to a malfunction.  When I got the new one I was a little disappointed when I couldn't calibrate it. It has a calibration option but when I went to it I was unable to do anything
0525423273|5.0|I bought and read this book last night. It has been a long time since I stayed up all night reading a story. From the moment I picked it up I couldn't put it down. It gave me that feeling I'm always searching for when reading--like I'm really there, like I'm experiencing everything first hand. I just couldn't get enough.    I'm not going to spell out what the book is about because a number of reviews have done that already, I just wanted to express how much I truly fell in love with this book. Anna feels so real and so relatable. And St. Clair *swoon*. Do you really need more than that? He has the hair, the accent, the humor, the sweetness. He's just amazing. The friendship these two forge is so, so sweet and special. All I wanted to do was see what happened, how it happened, and WHEN it was going to happen. But when the end came, I wasn't done! I wanted so much more of Etienne and Anna!    The writing was perfect. Perkins did such an excellent job portraying these two and all of their friends. And Paris! Oh! I've been once and I want to go back so bad! But every thing she described, I could see it all again, feel it all again. It was so magical. Wonderful, just wonderful. This is a book I will definitely re-read and Perkins will be on my list to read more of when her other books come out.
B000MRAAJM|4.0|This is not a review, but expression how much I hate being deceived with wrong caption.    I bought this last year (Dec/2009), since it is read 'BBC complete series' (4 Discs). And I watched many times and like it very much. no doubt on that.      But when I see now, there another set says, 'complete series with 5 Discs, am disappointed.    (4 stars  because 4 disk, else 5 stars for 5 disks :) )
0547338023|4.0|oann Sfar (creator of Vampire Loves & The Little Vampire, among others) has given The Little Prince the graphic novel treatment, the first (as far as I know) for this timeless story. Undoubtedly this will be met with mixed initial reactions. Fans of Sfar will love seeing him apply his hand to this story while some others might raise an eyebrow at the idea of this being done.<br /><br />The story is unchanged from the original book. The tale follows a young boy (the titular Little Prince) as he travels from his home & beloved flower in search of other planets. He finds very little that interests him & it is only when he arrives on Earth that he discovers beings that he can truly interact with.<br /><br />There's quite a bit to like about this retelling. I'm a fan of Sfar's style, which is instantly recognizable in this book. For the most part his art style works to give the story a dreamy quality, although occasionally it does tend to be a little on the creepy side.<br /><br />Overall though the book is an enjoyable read & apart from one or two panels, Sfar's artwork really does fit the story well. The style is dreamlike & really does carry the emotions of the story quite well, from the initial introduction of the Prince & the Pilot to the \\"choose what you want to believe\\" ending.<br /><br />This might not be for all readers or age groups, but if you're a fan of Sfar or of the original book you'll definitely want to check this out.<br /><br />(ARC provided by NetGalley)
B0049A9BSY|3.0|I am a big fan of Sex and the City and I purchased the 2-Disc version hoping for the extras. Unfortunately, the 2nd disc had only 30 minutes of extra content (some of which was repeated from the first disc). Plus there was no commentary, deleted scenes or out takes. If you're looking for additional content that relates to the movie, don't waste your money on this \\"Special Edition\\". It's a total rip-off.
B0045DO8NI|5.0|This is an awesome collection of Pink's best music! She tells it like it is and can rock with the best.
B001UV4XFG|5.0|great movie, books are way better, and Amazon did great on getting it here ASAP and I loved that. So thanks Amazon
B0044KU7KU|4.0|My Chemical Romance goes the Sgt Pepper's route on \\"Danger Days,\\" where they record an album in the guise of another band. In MCR's case, it's \\"The Fabulous Killjoys,\\" set in some sort of future where these rockers are rebels trying to save the world from...well...something. Not that it matters, as Gerard Way paints a great big, noisy picture of a comic book world where Glam Rock rules, Queen is King and David Bowie is a major prophet.<br /><br />Nowhere is that truer than \\"Danger Day's\\" initial single, \\"Na Na Na.\\" Built entirely around the hook, it just plunges into amphetamine hyper-speed and doesn't let up. There's no way to avoid just how catchy the darn thing is; it's like Bowie's \\"Jean Genie\\" switched from 45 to 78 RPM. There's plenty of heroic chants (\\"Sing,\\" \\"Planetary\\"), anthems for saving the girl (\\"The Only Hope for Me Is You,\\" \\"The Kids From Yesterday\\") and soaring choruses all over the place. The story - as it is - gets tied together with vignettes by DJ Dr Deathray in pure comic-book fashion.<br /><br />While the concept doesn't really gel, the music is still super. There isn't anything as Queenly regal as \\"The Black Parade's\\" title song, but then, nothing on that album compared to \\"Stone Cold Crazy\\" like \\"Na Na Na\\" does. Way still has a way with a phrase, and little couplets like \\"I've got a bullet-proof heart, you've got a hollow-point smile\\" pierce out from the music. Also, this album starts to poke into U2 territory with \\"Sing\\" and \\"The Kids From Yesterday\\"; that's never a bad place to look for inspiration. \\"Danger Days\\" shows that My Chemical Romance aren't afraid to tweak the formula that's made them stars.
B00006J3WH|5.0|If you love Buffy you need this soundtrack. so much fun. Songs exactly like in the episode \\"once more with feeling\\".
B000UPGQQW|5.0|I remember watching THE LOST BOYS over and over (on rented VHS!!) back in the summer of 1988. I thought it was the coolest vampire movie I'd ever seen. Well, I just watched it again last night, and I must say that I still enjoyed it quite a bit. Time is never kind to such films, and the goofy fashions, hilarious hairstyles, and dull synth-music are all pretty humourous now. Still, TLB has a strong story w/ interesting characters that transcend their silly surroundings. Corey Haim (SILVER BULLET) and Corey Feldman (FRIDAY THE 13TH 4: THE FINAL CHAPTER) are excellent, as are Jason Patric and Kiefer Sutherland (FLATLINERS, DARK CITY, PHONEBOOTH). As for the LOST BOYS vs. NEAR DARK debate, I love both movies for completely different reasons. LOST BOYS is more fun, while NEAR DARK is a fantastic horror movie! Get 'em both!...
B000EUDAWG|5.0|ordered 2 of these. gave one to 7 year old grandson for his birthday.  He loved it.kept him and others entertained all day. The other was used for a \\"silly\\" gift for an adults and childrens Christmas party.  Adults fought to get this gift.  We all had a great time playing with this.
B002ZG981E|1.0|I have to say I was excited about this film leading up to the release date back in July 2010. It had everything going for it. Leonardo DiCaprio as its star (he is one of the best actors of our time) and from the director of The Dark Knight Christopher Nolan. The trailers looked amazing and I just could not wait to see it, and then I did and it SUCKED! Now I know a lot out there LOVE this film but I just could not get into it. I just did not care about the film anymore while I was watching it. The plot was boring to me and I wanted to walk out. So I have to say don't fall into the hype of this and rent it first before you buy it. You could be saving yourself some money.
B001I5M9SC|5.0|I already knew the music because I saw this on PBS and I have the CD, but to see the event in high-def Blu-Ray just transported me to Bocelli's home country. He says in the accompanying video that this will be his last pop concert of this type.  All the more reason to treasure this DVD.
1439107955|5.0|Siddhartha Mukherjee's tremendous 'biography of cancer' - or rather, biographies of Sidney Farber and Mary Lasker with a history of chemotherapy intricately weaved in between, was a true joy. There were so many interesting aspects of this book, beyond its charting the course of how investigations into the fundamental mechanisms driving oncogenesis intersected (or more often, failed to intersect) with relevant and/or efficacious clinical interventions.  In particular, I think the book's dissection of how the \\"vision statement\\" of cancer research morphed as both drug efficacy and public pressures shifted was amazing.    The book begins with the origins of cancer, from the Egyptian physician Imhotep to Hippocrates, who was responsible for the dual titles of kankros (latin for 'crab') and onkos (for 'mass', or, more poetically, 'burden').  Even as the staging of cancer began to be determined by both local and distant spread, the prognosis remained grim due to the lack of any efficacious therapy:    [Scottish surgeon John] Hunter [in the 1760s] had begun to classify tumors into \\"stages.\\"  Movable tumors were typically early-stage, local cancers.  Immovable tumors were advanced, invasive, and even metastatic.  Hunter concluded that only movable cancers were worth removing surgically.  For more advanced forms of cancer, he advised an honest, if chilling, remedy reminiscent of Imhotep's: \\"remote sympathy.\\"    All of this changed when the first drugs, aminopterin and methotrexate, were shown to induce temporary remissions in acute lymphoblastic leukemia.  This effort was first described by the remarkable Saul Farber (whom Mukherjee champions for his tenacity while not sparing him from the rebuke of overzealousness).  In a report published in 1948 in the New England Journal of Medicine, entitled \\"Temporary Remissions in Acute Leukemia in Children Produced by Folic Acid Antagonist, 4-Aminopteroyl-Glutamic Acid (Aminopterin)\\" Farber demonstrated the first temporary cancer remission achieved with pharmacotherapeutic intervention alone.  Farber quickly organized studies of other pediatric tumors, including the very common Wilms' Tumor (response seen above) and quickly escalated to the hypothesis that chemotherapy would provide a unifying cancer cure.  What was missing, according to Farber, was sufficient funding.  For this, he turned to the highly influential fund-raiser and activist Mary Lasker, who quickly concluded that the gateway to real progress was achieving a mainstream, socio-political effort to wage a 'new war on cancer':    \\"Doctors,\\" [Mary Lasker] wrote, \\"are not administrators of large amounts of money.  They're usually really small businessmen...small professional men\\" - men who clearly lacked a systematic vision for cancer.\\"    As research funds poured in, temporary remissions were seen with high dose chemotherapy in many forms of cancer, both liquid (hematopoieitic in origin) and solid.  The public pressure that emerged from these temporary remissions caused a paradigm shift in the goal of cancer research, from mechanistic understanding to result-driven pharmacologic studies, a conversion in which Farber himself took part.  He wrote, in a statement to Congress, \\"The 325,000 patients with cancer who are going to die this year cannot wait; nor is it necessary, in order to make great progress in the cure of cancer, for us to have the full solution of all the problems of basic research ... the history of Medicine is replete with examples of cures obtained years, and even centuries before the mechanism of action was understood for these cures.\\"  The combination of a sudden shift in approach from mechanistic to therapeutic studies, combined with increasing public pressure for early approval of chemotherapeutic drugs with even potential efficacy led to the widespread initiation of high dose, toxic chemotherapies under the idea that simply pushing maximal doses would push temporary remissions to complete cures (despite the lack of evidence to support this theory.)  This was pretty ironic, given that, just years earlier, Dr. Min Chiu Li had been fired from the National Cancer Institute for even attempted a prolonged (let alone toxically high) course of chemotherapy for patients with metastatic choriocarcinoma, a treatment which produced the both the first ever quantifiable serum cancer marker and the first ever sustained cancer remission, described in an awesome New England Journal of Medicine paper in 1958.  It's heartwarming, in a sad sort of way, to see that many scientists retained a sense of caution and even averseness to this rapid increase in drug development, Nobel prize winner James Watson among them: \\"Doing `relevant' research is not necessarily doing `good' research.  In particular we must reject the notion that we will be lucky...instead we will be witnessing a massive expansion of well-intentioned mediocrity.\\"    Over the following twenty years, more and more toxic doses of chemotherapy were administered to patients, despite the lack of evidence that they were of any morbidity or mortality benefit.  Mukherjee is unrelenting in his depiction of the hubris of oncologists in pushing toxic therapies with the hopes of achieving a 'cure,' without paying attention to the impact on the patient's quality of life.    \\"The allure of deploying a full armamentarium of cytotoxic drugs - of driving the body to the edge of death to rid it of its malignant innards - was still irresistible.  So cancer medicine charged on, even if it meant relinquishing sanctitiy, sanity, or safety.  Pumped up with self-confidence, bristling with conceit, and hypnotized by the potency of medicine, oncologists pushed their patients - and their discipline - to the brink of disaster.  \\"We shall so poison the atmosphere of the first act,\\" the bioligist James Watson warned about the future of cancer in 1977, \\"that no one of decency shall want to see the play through to the end.\\"  As the famous breast cancer survivor and patient advocate Rose Kushner noted chillingly, \\"the smiling oncologist does not know whether his patients vomit or not.\\"    This all culminated, finally, in the sorely misguided initiation of autologous bone marrow transplant for rescue of irreversible bone marrow failure caused by high-dose chemotherapy for metastatic breast cancer.  Not only did patients fail to respond to higher doses of chemotherapy, but the toxicity from such high doses caused not only bone marrow suppression but malignant transformation and untreatable myeloid leukemias. It was only this highly publicized failure that led oncologists to realize that more was clearly not better.  Mukerjee chronicles the subsequent return to the drawing board in which cancer biologists and oncologists focused once again on the fundamentals of disease pathogenesis.  He describes the painstaking process by which the viral theory of oncogenesis is largely disrupted and the oncogene model is established, and brings us to the forefront of modern oncology by relating the thrilling origins of both monoclonal antibody therapy (the story of herceptin) and small molecule inhibitors (the discovery of Gleevec).  Rarely has one book made me rejoice and despair so many times.
630542828X|3.0|I'm not sure about the sound in this movie.  It's very quiet in the beginning and can barely hear it at all, but then other parts are really loud.  Not sure if it's the movie as a whole or if it's the dvd I received.
B000ETQR3Q|4.0|This gun is great... if you're a 10 year old boy. My son is, and he loves it. It's massive, and has all sorts of cool features like the bi-pod and scope. He thinks that it's great.    If however you are older than you once were and are starting to see more scalp than hair - a bit like me perhaps - then you may be less impressed.    It's ridiculously over-priced. The bullets don't shoot very far (and they are easily damaged so need to be re-bought) and the scope doesn't magnify anything (why not? For this price Nerf could have easily put a real scope on the gun).    Boys will always love guns. Dads will always hate bills.
B002JVWQSW|5.0|Once in a while, there's a show that manages to hit at the right time. This is that show. And on top of it, the pilot episode was one of the best episodes they had that season! Usually, the pilot is a bit awkward and the characters are feeling each other out, but not the case here. Great show, and appears to be for quite some time.
B003NWS5AO|5.0|Robert Plant's new cd isn't hard rock like his Zep days, but it's still great. I love his voice and the way he can write a song. He always sings from the heart and you can really feel that with this Band of Joy cd. If you love Robert Plant's music go and get this cd or download it.
B000C65Z20|5.0|Received right away. CD was wrapped and new! I was worried it would be a dub of some sort, but it wasn't.
0312370849|4.0|This book really moved me.  It was fascinating and sad to learn about the events that took place in Paris during WWII.
B004BSIJ9Q|5.0|I LOVE this album, I've never allowed Kanye's persona in the media affect how much I admire his creative music style. His last CD was amazing and I was scared this one wouldn't live up to it, but every song takes you on a journey in this album. It doesn't just make you wanna dance or groove to a song, his lyrics take you somewhere- like into Kanye world.
B0033QC0WY|3.0|Bernstein's conducting and the music is wonderful, marvelous and a joy to listen to.  The problem arises with the fact that some of the discs contain movements of one symphony and movements of another.  I realize this is due to the length of some of Mahler's works, but I find this splitting and combining element of the recordings most disconcerting.
B0042MEQVG|3.0|I watched Eclipse for the first time... DAMN What crap.. Don't get me wrong I loved movie one and two. Twilight-Major teenage angst between Bella and Edward, push and pull... a blossoming relationship, awesome. New Moon- Enormous conflict with Jacob and Edward. Bella in major conflict and in deep pain. Great build up and subsequent resolution. great movie.    OK! SO!! MOVIE THREE- Vampires that break like icicles (WTF?). How do they die so easy? And Am I the only one that thinks that Bella and Edward should be somewhat past the infatuation stage yet? GOD.. Then She kisses Jacob and Edward doesn't really mind.. WAIT WHAT!? Bella is getting away with a lot!! Edward says, \\"I know you love her too Jacob\\" in the tent scene.. Hmmm... How about this line from Bella to Edward, \\"I love Jacob, I just love you more.\\" Is that why you couldn't control yourself and you kissed him?? Was I the only  one thinking that? And Yeah.. nice plot set up with the vampire battles and wolf allies.. but the execution was disgustingly horrible. That whole teenage conflict and angst was better in NEW MOON. This was an ok movie, but not great like the last two.
0307472590|5.0|El libro cayo de la nada en mis brasos y ya pienso en volver a leerlo. Cada capitulo te acerca mas al misterio llenandote de dudas. Pero tambien es la historia de vida de un nio envuelto en libros. Uno de estos libros lo mete en un gran lio, pero la trama se desenvuelve pragmaticamente y con gran encanto. Lectura obligatoria para cualquiera.
B002ZG99A4|5.0|Man!! This movie rocked!! The best actio scenes the best take down moves...even better than watching some of the ufc fights!!! A guaranteed action pack explosion!! I loved this movie. If you're looking for blood, guts and tough guys this movie is for you!
B0014Z4OQG|1.0|This film has 2 serious issues that makes watching this film intolerable;<br /><br />1. The camerawork. I know that the purpose of shaky cam is to add realism and involve the audience but in this film, it was very distracting. Distracting to the point where my head was beginning to ache from the constant wobbling and swaying in all the shots. The constant squealing and \\"oh my gods\\" in my ear did not help either. Also, the constant jerking of the camera combined with the dark lighting meant that any semi exciting event was just \\"blink and you'll miss it\\".<br /><br />2. The characters. I wasn't expecting any characterization or interesting dialogue to occur given the scenario but if your life is in danger, no one would huddle in groups on the street crying, \\"oh my god oh god oh god\\". They would be trying to survive! In my opinion, a good action/thriller is driven by a balance between common sense and emotion within the character. In this film, the main characters were too melodramatic and emotional. There's a scene where they hear sounds behind them and instead of sprinting in the opposite direction quietly, they turn TWICE and just stand there listening to it while 2 of them flap around with the night vision on the camera. The entire scene would be improved if they did the common sensical thing but still get attacked.<br /><br />Unmoving, uninteresting and migraine inducing.
B000YI7MRM|5.0|I have read all the Captain Alatriste books and I think the reason so much is put into the movie is for others who have not.  Rather than base the movie on one or two of the books, which are really a thread of his lifetime anyway, this movie rather contains the highlights of the captain's life and times.  I loved the costumes -- they were more than I would have imagined.  I was shocked that Viggo spoke all his lines in Spanish and how magically the captain came to life because of it.  The blood and guts of the wars; the suffering of the soldiers on both sides; and the low value of life in his times are very much represented. The books put me in mind of the old \\"swashbuckling\\" films of the 50s, but this movie elevated the subject to a much more meaningful level.
0399215921|3.0|We quickly received this book directly from Amazon and it has great illustrations and storyline. Unfortunately, this is the mini version of the book as it is only 5\\"x4\\"x0.5\\", which therefore made it difficult to appreciate this fine work of art.
0817439390|5.0|In one book he covers the technical and artistic aspects of photography with just enough detail and in a very accessible style.  I shoot professionally now and still re-read parts of this book.
B0037KMHRY|5.0|When it was first announced Daft Punk would be doing the score for \\"Tron: Legacy,\\" anyone who has ever held the original film on a pedestal among sci-fi movies was most likely overcome with joy.<br /><br />After all, Daft Punk's synthesized sound pulls a great deal from the early `80s when the original film was released. Even their helmeted costumes seem to resemble those worn in the computer world of \\"Tron.\\"<br /><br />However, what Daft Punk created was something much more serious than any of their studio albums. Like Christopher Nolan's new take on \\"Batman,\\" \\"Tron: Legacy\\" has been described as much darker than the original film and Daft Punk's score, released ten days before the film, follows suit.<br /><br />The overture introduces Daft Punk's newest adventure with quite possibly the biggest departure from their original sound to be heard on the record.<br /><br />Gentle horns gradually fill the air just as a full string section takes shape. By the end of \\"Overture,\\" timpani, cymbals, and a gong provide the ultimate climax, dramatically announcing Daft Punk's first full collaborative venture into cinema and the return of Tron simultaneously.<br /><br />\\"The Grid\\" is the only track with any words put to the music. With Jeff Bridges providing a voiceover for the first half of the track, the song acts as an introduction for anyone who may have missed the first film.<br /><br />As \\"The Grid\\" fades out and \\"The Son Of Flynn\\" opens with an arpeggiated synthesizer, listeners get their first taste of Daft Punks blend between their own unique sound and classical music. Although the majority of the tracks on \\"Tron: Legacy\\" utilize an excellent balance between the two styles, some of the tracks sway one way or the other, drastically changing the mood of the piece.<br /><br />Tracks like \\"The Game Has Changed\\" offer an almost exclusively classical instrumentation while transforming the percussion section into a series of powerful electronic hits, rattling the eardrums and taking focus off of the ominous strings hidden beneath.<br /><br />Although the London Philharmonic Orchestra provides all of the string arrangements, their true feature comes on \\"Adagio for Tron.\\" Sounding a bit like Hans Zimmer's \\"Hummel Gets the Rockets\\" from the soundtrack for \\"The Rock,\\" Thomas Bangalter and Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo of Daft Punk use this track as a means of showing off their prowess with orchestration, complete with a simple, yet beautiful cello solo.<br /><br />As the mood darkens, the music dives deeper into the electronic realm while still maintaining at least some aspects of a symphonic orchestra. Tracks like \\"End of Line\\" pull entirely from the electronic realm except for a sustained string part which would typically get lost in a Daft Punk mix, but because of their extraordinary presence on the rest of the album, they remain surprisingly noticeable.<br /><br />Easily the song most reminiscent of Daft Punk's previous work is the club ready \\"Derezzed.\\" It's almost hard to believe this track falls on the same album as \\"Adagio for Tron,\\" but Daft Punk fans will make \\"Derezzed\\" the song from the movie to know. Although less than two minutes in length, \\"Derezzed\\" finds Daft Punk letting loose and presenting their trademark sound for the world to see on the big screen.<br /><br />Without words to accompany the music, this album may not ring as positively for all Daft Punk fans, but it will easily add a great deal to the action captured on film. This may be Daft Punk's first venture into film soundtracks, but the duo's masterful work on \\"Tron: Legacy\\" makes it hard to believe it will be their last.<br /><br />Similar Artists: Justice, Deadmau5<br />Track Suggestion: \\"Adagio for Tron\\"Although the London Philharmonic Orchestra provides all of the string arrangements, their true feature comes on \\"Adagio for Tron.\\" Sounding a bit like Hans Zimmer's \\"Hummel Gets the Rockets\\" from the soundtrack for \\"The Rock,\\" Thomas Bangalter and Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo of Daft Punk use this track as a means of showing off their prowess with orchestration, complete with a simple, yet beautiful cello solo.    As the mood darkens, the music dives deeper into the electronic realm while still maintaining at least some aspects of a symphonic orchestra. Tracks like \\"End of Line\\" pull entirely from the electronic realm except for a sustained string part which would typically get lost in a Daft Punk mix, but because of their extraordinary presence on the rest of the album, they remain surprisingly noticeable.    Easily the song most reminiscent of Daft Punk's previous work is the club ready \\"Derezzed.\\" It's almost hard to believe this track falls on the same album as \\"Adagio for Tron,\\" but Daft Punk fans will make \\"Derezzed\\" the song from the movie to know. Although less than two minutes in length, \\"Derezzed\\" finds Daft Punk letting loose and presenting their trademark sound for the world to see on the big screen.    Without words to accompany the music, this album may not ring as positively for all Daft Punk fans, but it will easily add a great deal to the action captured on film. This may be Daft Punk's first venture into film soundtracks, but the duo's masterful work on \\"Tron: Legacy\\" makes it hard to believe it will be their last.    Similar Artists: Justice, Deadmau5  Track Suggestion: \\"Adagio for Tron\\"
B000AJIF4E|5.0|These cans are really nice, received them yesterday and have only listened to them using my laptop. With the EQ off, everything sounds really concise and the bass is very tight (and sufficient for a basshead like me). I was a bit scared it would be lacking in bass output based on some other reviews on here.<br /><br />I'm trying to burn them in for a few days (to see if there's any truth to the myth), but they already sound excellent to me.
B0014G5LG2|3.0|I have not listened to this performance.  I don't have to.  The Cooke realization of Mahler's 10th is about to be superseded by that of Yoel Gamzou's new version.  Cooke's version was important in resurrecting Mahler's 10th from oblivion.  But, in spite of gaining a small foothold in the concert hall, it does not represent a full realization of the sketches.  It never claimed to.  It's purpose was in presenting to the public the point at which Mahler had arrived in the composition of the work, with as few additions as possible in making it 'performable'.  But if you ask any symphony musician or composer their opinion of Cooke's version, it will always be that while the effort is genuine, it does not come close to re-creating the Mahler experience, except that of the first movement.  The new Gamzou Version does.    His is based on the latest scholarly research into Mahler's 10th, including new sketch pages which have come to light since Cooke's final version.  And it brings to the table a new understanding and sensibility of Mahler's orchestration and orchestral phrasing.      The world premiere took place in Berlin in September, 2010.  The recording and DVD will be available next week.
1400052173|5.0|I read this book in just a few days - I couldn't put it down.  The fact that it is a TRUE story & was carefully documented will take you on a journey filled with every great emotion...sadness, anger, affection, joy, a realization that without research we would have nothing of the inroads made in the last half century.  You will also be shocked to realize that all of us most likely have cells on file someplace & that is the enignma that will haunt you once you finish this book.  Henrietta & her family, her daughter Debra especially, will become so real to you, & I believe that you, as I did, will be drawn into their lives & ride the crest of such emotion that it will leave you breathless at times, in tears at others & speaking in anger at the injustices so often found in this world.  Do not miss this book; it is life changing!
0312370849|5.0|Definetly need a box of Kleenex.  It is being made into a movie.  It will make you cry.  Very well written.  The author wrote it in such a way that you feel that you are actually there.  Based on concentration camps during World War 2 that were located in France.
B00127RAJY|5.0|During first week you will want to die.  But after that it is much easier to do.  I lost 10lbs after doing it about 3 days a week for about 3 months.  Instantly feel results next day.
B0013LKZWS|5.0|What a voice.  what a wonderful sense of humor.  Thank you Sara!!!!  I will enjoy your music and be refreshed by it for YEARS to come!
B0037KMHRY|3.0|Don't buy the soundtrack if you are expecting a Daft Punk *experience*.  While the \\"songs\\" may be good for a movie, they don't flow between tracks like recent Daft work, they are individual bits.  Derezzed is not representative of the majority of the soundtrack and very few others could be considered songs; they are interludes, scene introductions, etc., few lasting more than a couple of minutes.  I was expecting full length songs with samples used for the movie.      Might be a good soundtrack but don't buy it thinking you are buying an album.
B001IBIHQ4|5.0|I don't have HBO anymore so when Amazon had a sale on this series I jumped at it!  I wasn't disappointed!  Very well-done miniseries!
B001CDLATE|5.0|The title did not draw me in, but a review did. I was so surprised how amazing this movie is!! You cannot take your eyes off of the screen. I highly reccomend it.
0765318741|5.0|I decided to read the book after an online acquaintance told me about it. It's a really excellent read, with biology added in for effect. The reader follows the Robert Neville's psychological torment from being the last human alive. The book cannot be put down until the final scene. And even then the final scene must be read twice. The effect is that good. And it's nice to read a story about vampires that's not a pretty, rainbow and butterflies love story ;)
B00004T9VY|5.0|This CD brings back such great memories of the early 70's. I was devastated when Cat left the music scene.  So glad to be able to relive some fine music.  Good grief you can understand the lyrics!!
B0036TGSR6|5.0|This is a great flick!  I loved every minute of it.  I have watched it at least six times and each time I find myself getting something different out of it.  Do not believe the people who rate this below a 4.  It is an excellent film.  The acting is superb and the music is spot on. I love the fact that the movie teaches anyone how to investigate information via the internet.  Thank you Mr. Polanski for directing the best film of 2010.  Just today it had won the best film of the European Film Award... [...]
B000AYEL6U|5.0|North & South follows the tipical BBC love drama plot line... The difference is the social issues and social justice messages that are part of the story. If you enjoy Norma Rae fighting to unionize or have a passion for social justice this movie is great! Also the female character is smart and strong, which is a plus. Just remember it is one of those love stories that drags you in and drives you crazy like Pride & Prejudice. I love this film!
B00008G7UF|5.0|got this girly movie for my precious wife and as with any chick flick she loves it. packaging and condition was excellent.
B002ZG98LO|3.0|I have a problem with this film. I keep thinking what it could have been rather than what it is. In the first one, you realize that the Predator was sent on Earth in order to hunt. You felt like it was some kind of a ritual of some sort. You didn't know much more but it was just right for that film. The goal was somewhere else. In this one, the true sequel in my opinion (although the idea of an \\"urban\\" jungle was also cool in the other \\"Predator 2\\" combined with the trapping of the Predator using their own camouflage weapons), in this one, it would have been nice to expand on the Predator's universe. A little more depth with the characters wouldn't have hurt either. The idea was good. The setting was promising. Some story devices were fun (I particularly enjoyed the fact that the Predators reunite different alien species and study their combat techniques in order to apply theme to their own techniques). But in the end, I would have liked to learn more about the Predators way of life. This wasn't even their planet. In a perfect trilogy (in my humble opinion), you would have the first movie with Arnold, then this one but with more emphasis on the Predators, their ways and their homes, and you'd have the final chapter in which the humans would infiltrate the world of the Predators, becoming themselves predators thus beating them at their own game. Like you may be stronger than us but we're smarter. Something like that. Just like Arnold in the original one. But with a bigger scope. Which is how a trilogy usually works (the overall arc being the same as the arc of the first chapter but bigger).      Contrary to many, I didn't really enjoy the arc of the character played by Topher Grace and I would have liked to see more of Lawrence Fishburne. His way of using some of the Predator's weapon and armor was awesome. But Man! That actor really is changing for the worse! He's getting fatter and fatter and the fat is changing the morphology of his face. I know that it is not a nice thing to say and I'm no Brad Pitt myself but darn it, I couldn't help but to think of one of the best line from Arnold whenever I saw the excellent black actor: \\"What an ugly mo...\\"    Anyhow. \\"Predators\\" is far from being a disaster. It's a cool ride. I have it in my collection and I'm glad. I wouldn't think that you'd get annoyed by it. But to me, it certainly feels like a missed opportunity nonetheless. It could have been so much more!
B00003CXB4|5.0|Family was teasing and enjoying some time in the gazebo this fall and we were singing \\"Hakuna Matada\\".  My son's girlfriend has a 5 year old who had never heard the song or what we were all laughing about.  I ordered this for part of her Christmas present.  No doubt my son and his GF will be hearing this over and over again in the near future.  What an awesome Disney Classic.  To be honest, I've had to restrain myself from watching it before giving it to her : )
B000002SYG|3.0|I remember reading some review (maybe in ROLLING STONE) about the time of Culture Club's first record that compared Boy George to some of the sweeter voiced, urban soul singers of the time.  On the evidence of the elegant single \\"Do You Really Want to Hurt Me,\\" I probably would have concurred.  But when I actually purchased KISSING TO BE CLEVER (great title, I'll give 'em that) I wound up quite disappointed.  In fact, \\"Do You Really Want to Hurt Me\\" turned out to be the only track I really liked.  Nearly every other CC hit from that and from subsequent albums followed a formula, a poppy, repetitive one at that.  The choruses were nearly always one or two phrases repeated over and over (and over and OVER) again.  I never quite tumbled for \\"I'll Tumble 4 You\\" and it seemed like a miracle to me that anyone ever gave \\"It's A Miracle\\" much airplay.  \\"The War Song,\\" their much maligned attempt at social consciousness, is thematically admirable (it was kind of a nice break from the insular love-and-heartbreak tunes they specialized in), but it was a tune that lent itself readily to parody.  (Did any professional comedians do any bits making fun of the tune with lyrics like \\"War is stupid/and people are stupid/and this SONG is stupid\\"?  Maybe it was just schoolkids I heard riffing on it that way, but that only proves the point that it was eminently mock-able.)    Actually though, those early critics weren't all that far off. Boy George really did have a pleasant voice, and, yes, you could tell that he listened carefully to smooth American soul singers.  Their first single was so promising, but what came after was just a little too blah for my tastes. I find it hard to believe that the band's biggest hit was not \\"Hurt Me\\" but the inane \\"Karma Chameleon.\\"  BG's solo career DID have some highlights as well, esp. \\"The Crying Game,\\" which suggested that he really could move beyond fluff when the material required him to.
B004BSAHLY|1.0|It is just below-average hip-hop album, minus a couple tracks. \\"Monster\\" is the only great song, and that's solely because of Nicki Minaj's schizophrenic vocals. I just don't get why people are raving about this album, some of the songs I can't even make it through without skipping.
B00021R7CG|4.0|This movie is about the unthinkable--nuclear war. It follows the lives of key military/government figures and a bomber squad as they live through the horrors of a nuclear strike and must figure out what to do next. The cast has some really talented actors in the early part of their career.
0525951652|1.0|I haven't read it yet, so this review is on the price structure, not the book. I in fact love Ken Follett's work. I'm sure he will not disappoint    But the kindle ebook is more expensive than the hardcover?  Really?  What is the cost of the ebook?  Something has to be done about the cost structure of ebooks, maybe some healthy competition, like the new google ebook store will help
0143118420|4.0|It wasn't my favorite book but it was fun reading. Sometimes we all at one point in our lives want to run away from our problems. If only I had the money...then come home to my loving family.
B003X2O6KW|5.0|After two classics in College Dropout, a fantastic album in Graduation, and a solid album in 808's and Heartbreaks.  Kanye decides to deliver his best album yet.  My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy contains everything that makes Kanye the most relevant hip-hop artist working today.  If you are not into hip-hop than start here!!     I just started a site a couple of days ago where I make videos of all of my list.  Check out my Kanye one...MBDTF did very well :)      [...]
0385335997|5.0|I normally do not write reviews, but with series I had to.  I cried while reading this story.  I don't normally do that, but Ms. Gabaldon's storytelling is so sincere, passionate & compelling.  I enjoy this series immensely and wonder to my self \\"Does Rosetta Stone offer a chance of learning Gaelic?\\" :D.  Being of Scotch ancestry, This work of fiction also teaches my history. Thank you Ms. Gabaldon for researching the historical facts & weaving them into a story that represents what married couples no matter what \\"time\\" they're in face: insecurity, loss, immense joy in their children, passionate love, stubbornness, speaking ones mind, making up afterwards, silent words spoken just by looking at each other....I could go on.  You have such talent Ms. Gabaldon. Well Done!!
B001SWQYGI|5.0|I have been using this little amp very heavily for about a year now and highly recommend it.  The device is extremely compact taking up virtually no space sitting right next to my mixer, it does exactly what I expect & the sound is clean.  Works great - great price - meets my requirements perfectly.
B0034G4OVS|4.0|The plot is quite simple, three young people are stranded on a ski lift on Sunday evening and face a multi-day ordeal in freezing temperatures. This is a horror movie but very familiar, natural sources of the horror: extreme cold, great height, and hungry wolves. No lunatics with chain saws, no superhuman mutant psychopaths in ski masks, simply Mother Nature at her worst. In most such movies, the young victims can be counted on to make all sorts of idiotic mistakes and illogical moves, but in this one the beleaguered trio behave much like \\"normal\\" people (i.e. you and I) would in this situation. Another plus is that the film does not exploit bloody violence, nudity and gratuitous sex, foul language, or any other of the cliches inevitably found in movies of this genre. I found the female lead, Emma Bell, to be attractive, wholesome, humorous, and quite likable. Indeed, the viewer quickly becomes involved in the plot and with all three actors, sharing in their suffering, sacrifice, and (minor) triumphs.    The plot is reminiscent of Open Water and relies heavily upon close ups of the three stars, their dialog, and interaction. This requires a good script, capable actors, and a completely realistic environment, which is provided (in spades) by filming at night, in freezing temperatures on a snowy mountain in Utah.  I think about half of the suffering evident in the actor's faces and voices was real and not \\"acting\\" at all. This must have been quite an ordeal to produce, and in my opinion it was worth it, because the viewer shares completely in every realistic, harrowing, agonizing second. I recommend this movie to all who are tired of the same old recycled, cliched teenager-in-danger garbage. This is a good production, worthy of your time and money.
031603438X|4.0|Good writer. I mean James Fox, of course, Keith Richards did not actually write the book (contrary to Bob Dylan and Patti Smith, who wrote their own memoirs). So much of the Stones stories were already known thanks to hundreds of books and thousands of articles that not much is really new for the fan as far as what happened. So what is new is rather how Keith reacted to it all, and how he sees both his and other people's music. It is worth it for that, also because the Stones story is really fascinating, and because there is quite a bit of humor and warmth to the book. I would have liked it better if Keith Richards did not choose to marr his book by badmouthing his lifelong music and business partner Mick Jagger, even attacking his manhood (stay classy, Keith), but then this is in keeping with the Stones' history of glorious sleaze, and with their uncanny marketing sense - it did get him a lot of publicity. This book is fun, but won't change the perception of Keith Richards, since, though a great musician, he is not a very mysterious character to begin with. Anyway, there won't be a veritably truthful story of the Stones before they're all dead (I would really like to know how Keith Richards managed to be arrested many times for large quantities of drugs, and even convicted, without spending more than a  night in jail, and while still getting visas to travel and work everywhere, especially the US). In the meantime, and I wish them all a long life, this is a fun read.
B0002IQOZA|2.0|I'm a huge Christina fan. There's no arguing this girl's got talent. So I was sadly disappointed when her Christmas album was just filled with \\"bee bops\\" and \\"skee dos\\" - completely over the top, unwarranted.  She doesn't sing any of the songs, but rather \\"ooohs\\" and \\"ahhhs\\" through them all.  By the time I got to the third track (I tried to sit through each song, really I did! I WANTED TO LOVE this album), I just couldn't stand it anymore.  I had to take it out of my CD player.  Disappointment.
6305291446|4.0|After the huge success of Halloween (1978), John Carpenter and Debra Hill didn't want to make a sequel that had Michael Myers in it.  The first Halloween movie was supposed to be the end of Michael Myers appearing in Halloween movies.  But......they were pressured into making a sequel that had Michael Myers in it.  So, they reluctantly gave us Halloween II (1981).<br /><br />After Michael Myers burned to death in Halloween II, it was meant to signal the end of the Michael Myers saga for good.  John Carpenter and Debra Hill decided they wanted to take the Halloween franchise into a new direction by making a Halloween-themed movie every year, each with a completely different storyline.  So, they gave us the refreshing and severely underrated Halloween III - Season Of The Witch (1982).  This movie didn't have Michael Myers in it (I'm so glad).  Well, all the Michael Myers fanatics freaked out when he wasn't in Halloween III.  They gave the movie poor ratings.  Carpenter and Hill then decided to abandon the franchise altogether.  That is a shame, because it would have been a great thing to see them make a new Halloween-themed movie every year, each with a different story and no Michael Myers.  Fast forward to 1988.  Time to cash in on Michael Myers for many reasons (see my review of Halloween III - Season Of The Witch).  We got Halloween IV.  Then Halloween V.  Then Halloween VI.  Then Halloween VII.  Oops - I mean Halloween H2O - the movie that is supposed to be the true sequel to Halloween II.<br /><br />Yes, you can view it as the sequel to Halloween II.  Therefore, some people say H2O really is considered Halloween III.  But if you ask me, there's only one Halloween III, and that movie came out in 1982 while there was still hope for the franchise to feature a different storyline each year.  But...instead we have a screwed up series of movies where Halloween, Halloween II, and Halloween H2O are related/connected to each other, while Halloween III is its own separate story and IV, V, and VI are satellites of Halloween and Halloween II with drastically altered stories with only a vague connection to the first two movies.  Then we have Halloween VIII (Halloween Resurrection), which is related to H2O for only the first few minutes of the movie when Laurie Strode is killed off by Michael Myers, then it turns into a completely different and separate movie.  Confused yet?<br /><br />So, what about H2O?  We have Jamie Lee Curtis returning after 17 years of Halloween sequels to tie the first two movies and this one together.  The acting is OK, the killings are pretty cool, and the suspense is pretty good (though very predictable a lot of the time).  LL Cool J appears in the movie as a security guard.  Jamie Lee's mother, Janet Leigh, makes a cameo appearance.  Then there's Michael Myers, played by Chris Durand.  Same old Michael Myers.  Stalks and doesn't say a word.  Stabs people.<br /><br />I think we did need this franchise to go in a different direction starting in 1982., and VI are satellites of Halloween and Halloween II with drastically altered stories with only a vague connection to the first two movies.  Then we have Halloween VIII (Halloween Resurrection), which is related to H2O for only the first few minutes of the movie when Laurie Strode is killed off by Michael Myers, then it turns into a completely different and separate movie.  Confused yet?    So, what about H2O?  We have Jamie Lee Curtis returning after 17 years of Halloween sequels to tie the first two movies and this one together.  The acting is OK, the killings are pretty cool, and the suspense is pretty good (though very predictable a lot of the time).  LL Cool J appears in the movie as a security guard.  Jamie Lee's mother, Janet Leigh, makes a cameo appearance.  Then there's Michael Myers, played by Chris Durand.  Same old Michael Myers.  Stalks and doesn't say a word.  Stabs people.      I think we did need this franchise to go in a different direction starting in 1982.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|This review is for the BBC Blu-ray version:<br /><br />Just an amazing work, presenting the vast spectrum of life we share this planet with. Truth is stranger than fiction, and you may not believe some of the things you will witness in this series - creatures that live on Earth are more fascinating than anything Hollywood ever thought up.<br /><br />No complaints here about David Attenborough's narration, the music, or the sound quality overall.<br /><br />Some of the darker images may show noise, but they are few and far between.<br /><br />For something you'll enjoy again and again, this series is well worth the price.
B001VNB54A|2.0|Having finally receiving TP from Netflix, and thoroughly enjoying BofB, my expectations were high.  Granted, the scenes are graphic, realistic, completely Spielberg-style, but I actually got a headache trying to figure out who was who and why I should care?  In the first two parts it's one long nighttime chaotic battle followed by a bloody morning cleanup.  I counted four of these scenes.  Yes, this is war, and yes I should accept that and go with the flow and I mean no disrespect, but I'd like to be able to at least not be left hanging out there, disconnected from the action, and not having any emotional investment.    I can't count the number of times I actually yelled at the television, \\"WHO are you?\\"    When the movie finally got around to showing us something of the character's angst, it was still handled in a disconnected way and the sex scenes really made no sense.    On the whole, I am glad I watched it but I wouldn't put it in my library of WWII materials.  Something was just 'off' about it.  Still trying to figure out exactly what, but don't expect to get up close and personal in this movie so that you can really care.  It probably won't happen.
0740748475|5.0|I received the collection quickly, and it was in perfect shape.  No dings or anything.  It was shrunkwrap very well.  The collection itself is beautiful, and definitely for the collector.    But, I was wondering if anyone knew if this includes some of the books from the Calvin and Hobbes series, for instance, the mutant snow goons story.  Is that in here?  What doesn't this include, or does it pretty much have everything?
B001GKJ2DO|5.0|I absolutely loved the movie! My two daughters three and five were watching with me one day and they fell in love with the music and dancing. They like the movie so much I took them to NYC to see the play on broadway. I personally like the movie better than the play. My children listen to the soundtrack and always want to watch the movie. It never gets old!!
B00005JKMQ|1.0|I felt really bad for Will Smith,this woman was just aweful.It jumped aroud no real direction.I thought that is would start from his childhood up.Was more about politics etc.Will Smith was the only good thing in the movie he did the best he could with this BAD movie.  Sorry Will,but you where buff!
B00447G2T8|4.0|This album has some great tracks, with layers of good power metal overlaped by synth melodies or patterns.  But the majority of it is straight old power metal.  I can't abide by that personally.  Despite the excellent base lines and lyrics, sung with gusto -he can still sing, wow- the guitarists seldom try hard.  A few songs have short guitar melodies or start with some synth.  I think the dark ride is a better album for it's layers of sounds, even though it has a number of slower songs on it.  But at least 7 Sinners is Loud, unlike Keeper of the Seven Keys 1.  If you like the singer, and you want to be further weened of your hell driven impulses, you'll like this one.  If you like power metal, buy it; they grind those chords out pretty nicely.  If you thought Helloween was better back in the day... this album might not be for you.  They sort of updated their sound.  I can't recommend it for people who don't like christian themed music.  Though everyone in the world should hear the last track.  It's amazing, and reminiscent of a band that used to work harder to make a good album.  First three songs are pretty good too.  And like I said, the singer's vocals keep the album all listenable and such.  They must be good for power metal, they hail from Germany and make all kinds of releases in America.  But, if you hadn't noticed, this is not a huge fan of Power Metal.  16 Years?  Helloween's been around longer than that.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I will start by giving an introduction. I am 28, I have 4 kids, and after the pregnancies I am left with a dumpy belly and weighed 211+ lbs a few weeks ago+. I am 5 foot 6 inches tall. Ok, I also have Poly Cystic Ovarian Syndrome. Which means I dont get periods unless I lose weight or cut my calories low enough.    I started the Shred DVD November 29th 2010 (maybe a few days before that). I started with 4 reps of each exercise and then marched in place usually, adding one rep or so  per day. Today is December 10th, I am up to 15 reps today. My strength is increasing. Muscle definition in my arms, stomach is flatter, Husband notices that my stomach is flatter around the sides/edges, I was down to 203.4 yesterday. I am doing the 80 bite diet also (google 80 bites app. or Dietdirectives.com)    Would you BELIEVE THIS? I havent ovulated scince September 2010 (this is December) and ONLY A FEW DAYS AFTer STARTING THE 30 DAY SHRED, ****I****  *****OVULATED*****.  Do you know what that means? That means that the 30 day shred DVD is as strong as drugs. It can change my hormones with my PCOS and actually lower my testosterone and Insulin levels enough so that my  body can ovulate! WOW WOW WOW! IT is amazing. I hope to try this DVD through a whole cycle after my period comes  here and see if it will make me have regular periods now!    No drugs, no progesterone, no natural remedies. Just the 30 day shred and counting my bites and my body kicked in and ovulated!!!!
B004EI3ON4|5.0|I have just finished listening to this soundtrack and I felt the need to listen to it a second time.<br /><br />After watching the previews for the movie Tron: Legacy, I knew I wanted to listen to the complete movie score because it sounded as if the composers had mixed electronic sounds (to represent the computer, I assume) with a full orchestra. Once I listened to this soundtrack, I came to the conclusion that the combination of both is something magnificent.<br /><br />Now I cannot wait for the movie to come out. I am positive this soundtrack will be a perfect accompaniment to it.
0743277708|5.0|I'm a bookworm of the first order.  So, when I say a book is among the best I've ever read, it means something.  And this book isn't just among the best I've ever read, it's also my among my all time favourites.  Now, I fully understand that `Watership Down' is a hard sell.  It's it's about RABBITS for crying out load!  What self-respecting adult wants to read a book about rabbits?  But don't be so quick to judge.<br /><br />Life is quiet and predictable Sandleford Warren.  But one young rabbit, Fiver, senses a deadly danger looming ahead.  Within days eleven rabbits choose to abandon their home.  Few of the small group believe in Fiver's sixth sense but each one has his reasons for believing that there may be a better life for them beyond the warren of their birth.  Lead by Hazel - Fiver's brother and one of the few who believe in his brother's strange gift - the assorted rabbits set out with no idea of the distance they would have to traverse, the dangers they would have to overcome, or the plots that threaten their dream of a new home - a place called Watership Down.<br /><br />The unforgettable nature of the story is it's sense of realism.  Richard Adam extensively researched rabbits before beginning this story.  He knows rabbit behaviour and life styles in great detail.  And to this rich understanding he adds a culture, a mythology, and a language all of which are based in how rabbits actually live and behave.  You'll never look at a the random rabbit spotted at morning or evening silflay (Lapine for eating above ground, or grazing) the same way again.<br /><br />The realism spreads to the characters of the rabbits themselves.  Hazel, Fiver, Bigwig, Dandelion, Blackberry, Hawkbit, Pipkin, Speedwell, Buckthorn, Silver, Acorn, and the others encountered along the way are unforgettable.  They are completely believable both as rabbits but also as individuals with their own strengths, weaknesses, fears, and hopes.<br /><br />Between the adventures are the stories of El-ahrairah, Prince of Rabbits and the surprising and often amusing view rabbits have of humans - this book is one you'll treasure.<br /><br />So, don't be put off on the rabbit on the front cover.  Give this work of genius a chance.and the surprising and often amusing view rabbits have of humans - this book is one you'll treasure.    So, don't be put off on the rabbit on the front cover.  Give this work of genius a chance.
1400052173|3.0|To be a person of color for many means a struggle for equality even today. The effects of colonialism, racism, sexism, and classism are as evident and will be for years to come. This history has shaped the society in which we live. The society is one based on heteropatriarchal structures and as such is not so easily seen. Rebecca Skloot sets out to tell the story of Henrietta Lacks an African-American woman without whom there would be no He-la cells. These cells that have survived for many year, used to create vaccines and help many people through medical advancements. Though Mrs. Skloot sets out to shed a light on a life, long hidden, she is in many ways is enforcing power over and to people of color.   Rebecca Skloot approaches the book from the position of a privileged journalist and scholar. As she sets out to write the history of the Lacks family, she set herself up and the reader to consumer the \\"other\\".  Even in her attempts to position herself as just the author, she inserts herself into their story to relay it, although she is observing lives and the realities of the Lacks, she relaying this through her lens and vision. She brings with her a particular history and background that frames the ways in which she understands the reality of the Lacks family. Although Mrs. Skloot took the time positioning herself in relation to the Lack family she failed to give a background in to African American history and spirituality. It is clear throughout the novel that the Lacks family does not understand nature and science in the same ways that dominant culture does. In many ways I feel that Mrs. Skloot writes of these differences as non-sense.  The book highlights in many ways how race, class and gender differences are as prevalent today as they ever were. While I am unsure that the researchers who were working with her cells felt that there was no racial aspect to the extraction and reproduction of Henrietta Lacks, there was a blatant disregard for African American medical history. What structures were in place that made it possible for white doctors and researchers to easily access marginal subjects to extract from? It can be argued that white subjects were also taken advantage of; Mrs. Skloot set out to make that point with the story of John Moore. The difference between these stories is that Moore ultimately had the power and privilege to challenge the system even though he lost. The Lacks family did not have those same resources, as Skloot points out the family did not feel they had the right to challenge figures of authority.   The relationship between Rebecca Skloot and Deborah lacks was one, I feel of dependence. Rebecca needed the family in order to gain the information that she needed for her book. Deborah lacks was just as dependant on Rebecca, she understood that this was the only way that she would gain the information she desperately needed. White people had taken advantage of her family and yet she needed them to tell her what happened to her mother, and in that way the power still was with in the hands of Rebecca. She could choose at any moment not to share the information. In this way Rebecca came off in the novel as the savior even if she tried not to. The juxtaposition between Rebecca and the Lack's family highlighted disparities and at some points the family came off ignorant and mean, re-enforcing the saintly image of Rebecca.   Why did Rebecca feel that she should insert herself in to the story? I feel that by doing this more of the emphasis was on her role in the re-telling. It is now very difficult to focus solely on the Lives of the Lacks family.  While some of the focus is on the author, this allows the reader to understand that these power dynamics still exist and that time has not changed much for the Lacks family.  I feel that Mrs. Skloot also may have inserted herself in to the story in an effort to give her opinions on medical subjects or to make the story more relatable to white readers. Skloot writes of the fears of the night doctors and the history of experimentation at Johns Hopkins and then goes on to write of the good intent of the hospitals founder. This to me is an example of how whites writing on \\"others\\" attempt to absolve their own guilt.   Science is thought to eventually benefit the whole of the society, but who is called upon to give of themselves and who benefits first. We are all expected to give of ourselves for the greater good, hierarchical structures are dependent on the marginal. While the marginal are called upon to give the most they are the least valued. Tuskegee syphilis testing on African American men did not curb doctors and researchers from finding other vulnerable subject to be tested upon. They found more creative ways to do the same things.  According to Skloot, in 1956 Chester Southham began administering He-la cells into prisoners and cancer patients to see the if they were affected by the cells even though he was aware that this would cause cancerous growths (Skloot 128). It seems that the laws of the time privileges some lives over others. The researchers were exploiting the situations of the prisoners and of the women he also injected during gynecological surgery. Scientist through history have use many reasons to justify testing on oppressed people, it seems that no matter the safe guards, such as the Nuremberg code there are always going to be ways to subvert moral objections. As science advances the lines of right and wrong becomes blurred.  The Lacks Family can be seen as a creation of the Capitalist state. They have been the subject of extraction historically, physically and medically. They have been asked to give of themselves by the state and have been given nothing in the end, while the county has advanced on the back of the marginal they have not been allowed to advance. Skloot asserts that there was a belief that the Nuremburg code only \\"applied to barbarians and dictators no to American doctors\\" (131). This is ideaof American exceptionalism is a key aspect of neo-liberal thought. The medical establishment believed that their cause was greater than the individual parts. The Capitalist and Neo-liberals largely based upon the trickledown theory in that what benefits the top will eventually affect all. As we can see from the Lacks family that that is largely untrue, as many of the Lacks family members suffer from illness and have no insurance to cover their expenses. Many of the illnesses suffered by the Lacks were caused by the environments in which history has placed them.   Through the Life and death of Henrietta Lacks and her descendants we can observe the long term affects of oppression and exploitation. Even in the retelling of her story   it is evident that we still have a long ways to go. While Mrs. Skloot I sure meant no harm we must always question our positionality in relational to that which is being consumed.
B0037KMHRY|2.0|When I was a kid, I loved video games and TRON was the perfect movie that accented my love.  I remember having the soundtrack on cassette to the point I wore it out.  Wendy Carlos synthesizer fueled scores were great...    Flashforward to now.  I am still over enthusiastic about the movie and when I hear DAF PUNK was doing the sound track, I was sold.  But the drawback was the score sounded like Batman Begins...but I prayed, sight unseen, that there would be more 'PUNK mixed it with some heavy sythesizers and...nay my friends....    Its a good sound track and I think its \\"original\\" to TRON.      Awesome Tracks:  8  The Game has Changed.  12 End of Line  13 DEREZZED.    I hope this helps some.
B001FB4VZS|4.0|i'm going through the full run of smallville on DVD, and i have to admit that i was anxious going into season 8. lots of people who'd been watching since the beginning had told me that there's a huge drop-off in quality, and i was worried about the no-lex factor i'd heard about.<br /><br />i'm 80% through this season now, and it's surprisingly good. in fact, lex is all over this season, and the various ways they make his presence felt without using the original actor are pretty clever. there were a few things i thought were handled poorly, which i won't discuss so as not to spoil anything. still, all in all, this is highly entertaining stuff. better than season one, which in my opinion was the choppiest of seasons. if you like what's come before, don't be afraid to give this a shot.<br /><br />that said, here's hoping that michael rosenbaum will be back for season 10.
B002ZG999U|5.0|Good ol' action kick butt fun. What made it even more fun was the fact that the cast were (ahem) older guys. Performing stunts even for the movies can be a challenge and the manner in which they incorporated other movie rivals via cameos was just great. The cast also picked on each other yet deep down they had each others back however parents need to remember this is something for a mature audience.
B002ECN4P0|4.0|This disc is a good complement to Hot Rocks. However, it needs to include songs after 1993 and there are some essential songs like \\"Sweet Virginia\\" from 1972-1993 that it needs to include. Since \\"Hot Rocks\\" goes through 1971 and also has \\"Wild Horses\\" and \\"Brown Sugar,\\" why not make a \\"Jump Back: 1972-2010\\"?<br /><br />From Exile on Main Street<br />1. \\"Tumbling Dice\\" 3:45<br />2. \\"Sweet Virginia\\" 4:25<br />3. \\"Happy\\" 3:04<br />4. \\"Loving Cup\\" 4:25<br /><br />From Goat's Head Soup<br />5. \\"Angie\\" 4:33<br /><br />From It's Only Rock `n Roll<br />6. \\"It's Only Rock `n Roll\\" 5:07<br /><br />From Black and Blue<br />7. \\"Fool to Cry\\" 4:06<br /><br />From Some Girls<br />8. \\"Miss You\\" 4:48<br />9. \\"Beast of Burden\\" 4:25<br />10. \\"Shattered\\" 3:48<br /><br />From Emotional Rescue<br />11. \\"She's So Cold\\" 4:12<br />12. \\"Emotional Rescue\\" 3:41 (40 Licks edit)<br /><br />From Tattoo You<br />13. \\"Start Me Up\\" 3:31<br />14. \\"Waiting on a Friend\\" 4:34<br /><br />From Undercover<br />15. \\"Undercover of the Night\\" 4:31<br /><br />From Dirty Work<br />16. \\"Harlem Shuffle\\" 3:24<br /><br />From Steel Wheels<br />17. \\"Mixed Emotions\\" 4:01<br /><br />From 40 Licks<br />18. \\"Don't Stop\\" 3:59<br /><br />From Exile on Main Street reissue<br />19. \\"Plundered My Soul\\" 3:59<br /><br />I think this version would make a nice update. Stones fans don't need songs like \\"Hot Stuff\\" and \\"Respectable,\\" but they do need songs like \\"Shattered\\" and \\"She's So Cold.\\" Thank you for taking the time to read my review and feel free to leave me a helpful/not helpful feedback.
B002JCSWV6|5.0|Great story along with great acting. It could not have been easy putting one's own feelings, emotions and passion into the character of another so perfectly. It is much easier playing a character made up for the role but some of the people were real and experienced extraodinary adversities unkown to the common man. The way it was done made me as a part as the audience feel as if I were there each scene. I mean to say I could almost touch the ball and that's what good movie making is all about. Morgan Freeman,Matt Damon and Clint Eastwood outdid themslves. Brilliant casting for a brilliant movie.
0345495004|2.0|I really just couldnt enjoy the book because I couldnt my frustration with ALL of the main characters decisions. I just couldnt relate... at all.  And I didnt really enjoy reading about someone abandoning their family and children. Far from a happy story.
B00127RAJY|5.0|So I love Biggest Loser but wasnt sure about this video until I got it and read others reviews. I really like the \\"level\\" system and love that its basic so you dont need more than weights and a mat.  The time goes by really quick due to the short intervals.  the first day I did it I was super sore within 2 hours but i hadn't worked out for awhile.  It took me 4 days before I could do it again and now I am slightly sore. I am excited to do this on a day to day basis, but not sure how consistent I can manage to be:(  So this being said, I only did the level I and I enjoyed it.  Wish there was more fun music though.  I have to play music over it.
1400096936|5.0|I'm in the middle of this and it's pretty good. My third Winslow novel, this is the longest yet. I really like Winslow's sprawling narrative style. Shipping and price were great!
B000VBJEEG|5.0|This is a very well made story animation project where a picky rat who learns how to cook is discovered by a Paris restaurant garbage boy who uses the rat to present himself as the blossoming star cook. The startling thing about this project is the fact that the rats in the story are more loveable than the annoying humans. I cant think of one, not one, loveable endearing human in this movie, they are all despicable. Even the upscale food critic is a pompous individual who tries to stand in as a sort of villain figure but later becomes the good guy. Linguini drives me up the wall. His rants of \\"I'm insane, I'm insane, I'm insane!\\" only makes me nod my head. The chef is a bumbling idiot miniature monster, and the cook girlfriend is a domineering over eager woman in the field of men. Welcome to reality!<br />Remy is the only character that makes sense, a rebel with a cause. A cause to upgrade the status of rathood with choosing your food, and making it wisely. And he does, he uses his rat sense to make supreme cuisine, as well as his philosophy. His rat friends and family are all in this together, but it takes quite awhile to stir up the sense of togetherness, as most don't always agree with his fortitude. Fine job by Pixar, and just another well made nitch on their menu of animated pleasures.
B00447G29S|2.0|First off we bought the \\"original\\" bluray 3d version that came out last year with the horrible red/blue glasses. We love the movie and have a 3d tv (Mitsubishi 60\\" DLP) and we wanted to get another 3d movie after watching A Christmas Carol (which had great 3d effects). The 3d was not good in this movie at all. If people are saying it is, they must have a different version than we do, or havent seen a good 3D movie. It almost made you feel cross-eyed in some of these scenes, as they tried to make the depth to deep on some objects which creates a blurry image. It wasnt just me, my whole family felt this way. The 3d was put into this movie AFTER it was released in theatres so it wasnt made FOR 3D. Any Disney 3d movie blows this out of the water. No effects \\"leaped\\" off the screen, and even our 7 year old daughter was left asking me \\"What was 3d\\". Dont waste your money on this version, just buy the regular version for the lower price. I love the new 3D movies, and we have watched Monsters Vs Aliens, A Christmas Carol, and Alice in Wonderland. All of which included great 3d Effects, and none messed with my eyes at all like this one did. The train rollercoaster scene was cool but it was cool before 3d.<br /><br />Reviewers a bluraydotcom had this to say so I'm not the only one unimpressed:<br /><br />\\"The 3D elements might best be described as \\"serviceable.\\" There's nothing at all special or unique here; The Polar Express 3D gives off a \\"so what?\\" sort of vibe, one that certainly looks good and stable at-a-glance but never really captures the imagination or excites the senses in quite the same way as the best of the currently-limited Blu-ray 3D releases. Depth is decidedly average, and nowhere near as good as A Christmas Carol.\\"<br /><br />Do a search for Polar Express 3d review and go to their site to read the full review.
1599218011|5.0|This book is inspiring! It does encourage what can be large lifestyle changes for some of us, and I have spent some money buying tools and foods that were not in my pantry, but they all feel like positive investments. I am so excited about cooking and food, and like Carr describes, I just feel light all day without feeling hungry or lethargic.
B002N5N5QQ|5.0|DVD arrived in great time and in great condition.  Big fans of the show and loved this season.  Can't wait for the next one.
B000B5MI3Q|5.0|It is always a joy when I put this watch on.  It feels so perfect as a dive watch and I can't stop grinning from its build quality.      1 - The way the bezel ratches as it rotates (120 clicks per rotation) feels so incredibly precise that I can't help myself from playing with it like a little kid.      2 - I have yet to scratch the glass though I've dropped the watch a couple times.  While the glass is not saphire, my research on the different watch forums informs me that it should be pretty scratch resistant (very few complaints).      3 - My watch runs about 15 seconds fast every day which is great for an automatic watch.    4 - The Lume on my watch is excellent and lasts all night.     5 - As a whole this watch is more than the sum of its parts and is, in my estimation, as equal in quality as watches many times its price.       I think you will be as delighted as I am if you get this watch.  I like the band that it came with but currently have a zulu strap on it.  In case you were wondering the lugs are 22mm if you are interested in an aftermarket strap.
B000003GBN|5.0|Beethoven Symphony No. 5 and 7 with Fritz Reiner conducting showed a great deal of emotion  in its interpretation. This recording from the 1950's and digitally remastered was an excellent choice on my part. I'm not sure if conductors at the present time feel the music with the same intensity as his performance exemplified. Great CD.
B000000OF6|5.0|Thank you for sending my purchase sooner than expected. It was what I was looking for. Keepthe excellent job. Sincerly Genaro Cruz
0399536108|5.0|I have yet to do more than flip through this book, but I'm already stoked.  Can't wait to read it!
B003008RWA|5.0|I am  RN at Henrey Ford Hospital detroit MI.  I see many peopel Git sick and die. Becused of No insurace. I feel Powerless to help the peopel. Who need me the most.
B0045DO8NI|4.0|Pink is an artist who really does wear her heart on her sleeve and this is her excellent collection of hits plus a few great new tracks. The songs are in chronological order, as all greatest hits albums should be, so you get an appreciation for the musical development of the artist and Pink is a really good example of this. Everything from her music to her lyrics to her vocal attitude has improved over the years to the point where her new songs at the end of this album are probably her strongest. Both \\"Raise Your Glass\\" and \\"F*** Perfect\\" are really strong songs with a killer vocal track that I can listen to over and over again. This is a great album for casual fans and really shows the growth of an artist that many considered to be just another pop princess earlier in her career. This isn't usually the type of music that I listen to but I can honestly say that I'm looking forward to what she comes up with on her next full length album.
B003WTE886|5.0|Highly recommended.  Great CD all the way through.  Every song is a hit.  Her quality is up a few notches on this, too.  More full-voice singing and it sounds great.  Should see a few more awards from this latest album!
B000002LEU|5.0|Every Hardline-focused band I can think of has a Joy Division or Gang of Four Andy Warhol's Interview Magazine designer concept to their music
0590435272|3.0|I had never read this classic Christmas story and decided to do it this year before the holidays got off to a start.  The story itself stands the test of time(as everyne knows), and I enjoyed the differences in the way English was spoken at the time of its writng, as well as the many references to things that are now obsolete, or practices no longer necessary due to modern inventions.  It is a peek back into another century.  This Apple Classic version is just a pulp paperback copy, but it gets the job done if you are merely wishing to read content.  There are only a few minimal line drawings scattered through the book.
B000002LCK|4.0|No doubt about it the Factory - Warhol sound and attitude wont completely end in Pop and Rock. It's way too enjoyable.
0316069485|3.0|I'm surprised by all the positive reviews of this book.  I'm a long time fan of Michael Connelly's books, but this one left me shaking my head.  There was no drama, no character development, no one I cared about.  Seemed like a lot of \\"blather\\"  (filling in details by talking head conversation) and not much else.  It wasn't helped by the fact that during the trial Bosch literally read Q and A from a previous trial for pages.  It was also kind of a predictable story and when I thought there would be a twist at the end (and I had a suspicion what it would be) there was no twist at all.
B002HJ9PTO|5.0|I have been using this mic on my Kodak Zi-8 and my iPhone (with adapter cable).  The price is pretty nice for a lav mic with and a long cord.  I have used this in a noisy warehouse, near a busy street and inside of restaurants and have been pleased with the performance.  I haven't used this for any hi end HD video productions so can't comment there.  But if you are looking for a low price / decent quality lav mic this could be your ticket.    The only negatives are:    1. No LED telling you the mic is on. (but the on / off switch is labeled)    2. The long cord is hard to maintain and not have it get all knotted up.
B004498KPU|5.0|Amazing is the only word to describe the person , the human being, the essence of what mj was. that man was just an amazing talent from god from the very beginning. i still find it very very hard to believe that he is no longer here with us. his death was so wrong and i can't believe he is gone i miss him. i know his kids miss him sooooooooo much, i pray for them constanly. now on to the dvd it is remarkable i never saw the video for shes out of my life i love it so emotional ,just the thought of what else he could have accomplished. love you forever michael your number one fan.
B00006FDCJ|5.0|Great product at a great price, delivered on time as promised.  PLUS we get to watch how the film was made - always interesting to see what great attention Eastwood gives to detail.  Also enjoyed his two-CD set for Letters From Iwo Jima.
B004259BMM|5.0|Keith Urban has released yet another stellar album. Sure I love this man, I mean I love this man's music :) but this one has quickly risen to become my favorite. Filled with the layered guitar work that we have come to expect from Keith, this CD also is filled with banjo, mandolin, fiddle and awesome vocals. Reflecting the peace Keith has finally found in his life and also the love of a soulmate, this CD is far from the boring love song that others might have made under those circumstances. Instead he takes us on a musical journey of love, relationships and the human psyche and does it in a way that is fun and makes you believe for a minute that all is right in the world. Songs like \\"You Gonna Fly\\" and \\"Long Hot Summer\\" celebrate that heady feeling of love and ballads such as \\"All For You\\" and \\"Without You\\" acknowledge the improtance of that connection with your SO. I do love the banjo and Keith uses it on four of the tunes including a banjo introduction on \\"Big Promises\\" What more could you ask for? Buy the deluxe CD, well worth the price and filled with four live tracks and three extra songs including the hauntlingly beautiful \\"Luxury of Knowing\\". Well worth the price.
1439107955|5.0|I am in treatment for aggressive, inflammatory breast cancer. I received this as a present from a physician relative and began reading with some trepidation. Instead of being depressing or discouraging, this is the most incredible and beautifully written book I've read in a long time. The sheer breadth and scope of the book, when combined with its elegant, lucid writing, make it an amazing undertaking.    The biography of cancer is complex: it borrows from surgery, anatomy, engineering and  physical sciences. Events as different as the lunar landing and pharmacology for birth control have had profound impacts on the knowledge of cancer and its research and treatments. The book includes insights on scientific revolutions and the ongoing quest for knowledge, the craft of experimental design, the practise of medicine, research turf battles and more.     On a deeply personal level, it makes me feel, not like a victim of cancer, but like one of the new line of combatants in this ongoing hand-to-hand struggle. Please get it, then settle back to read, savor and enjoy.
0439023513|5.0|I would recommend this book to anyone! The entire series was great. I do wish I would have read slower, or that the author would have taken longer/gone into more detail about things.
B0026IA0QS|4.0|This is a great movie for all...It's got a crazy story and an awesome cast. A truly must see..You will be talking about this movie with friends and family for weeks. And for a DVD collector like my self, it's a must have.
B003XWEQ1G|5.0|We went to the theater to see the movie when it opened and it was horrible. The movie locked up, dropped sound, and in general I felt like I saw about half of it. But, that half was enough to make me want to see it again. This is a different presentation of Robin Hood and a great way to tune out today and go back to Sherwood Forrest. Great Movie.
B001AQO3WY|5.0|This was a big suprise, fast moving account of the first days of Iraq War.  HBO di it again!!! followed a Marine Unit and a reporter from Rolling Stone, of all places, What they Faced and some of the Hair Brain people in Comand. well worth the money and time to watch this epic.
074322454X|4.0|I've watched the HBO series based on the book at least five times so most of the information in the book was not new to me. But I was waiting for a book I had ordered to arrive and needed something to read.<br /><br />The book was well written and interesting. I enjoyed the story of the truly courageous and inspiring men who left their lives as young adults to fight for the freedom of others. Ambrose is a thorough researcher and has a knack for writing about the battles.<br /><br />Now, I've got to watch the movies again.
B004259BMM|5.0|I have listened to this CD over and over again. I think I may have to purchase another CD in case I wear out this one. I will be giving this CD as stocking stuffers for friends and family. I feel like this album has gotten us monkeys closer to Urban. The lyrics in his songs really touch on his true feelings. Without You is a made for Urban song. Its too bad he didn't write it b/c its totally a him song. I love Right on back to you and Turn out the lights. Put you in a song is so catchy and is in my head all day. I thought there was no way he could top defying gravity but once again he proved me wrong... He does it everytime. His music just sends me to a happy place. Peace and love....
B000002VFW|5.0|Twenty years after this album debuted, it is still my favourite Lisa Stansfield album.  Just listening to \\"Sincerity\\" now, and there's something I love about the song.  It's the reflective nature of the lyrics.  Many of Lisa's later lyrics fixated on the ups and downs of relationships; here, she sings about human interaction in general, and that's a refreshing departure!    If Lisa puts out still another album, I would love it if she returned to some more reflective lyrics like she had on Affection:  \\"Sincerity\\" and \\"Live Together\\" being the greatest of them.
B002UNMW7O|1.0|I knew something was terribly different/wrong from the moment there was dialog. I thought to myself  \\"why didn't they stick to the original director & scriptwriter?\\" Well I was shocked to find out that it  was  done by the same guy (Troy Duffy) - I can't for the life of me understand why then the script & the acting was so horrendous. Anyone who wrote a good review on this -sorry excuse of a movie- is either (A) Part of the movie and desperately wants to score some residuals. (B) Someone who cant tell the difference between a low budget B movie that comes with bad/over acting & brainless dialog. If you're wondering why William Devoe chose not to be in this movie - watch the movie- all will be revealed.
B003TJR2HS|2.0|Purchased this extender to work with my ipod touch 3g and my silver ihome iP90 docking stereo but charging did not work. Sound came through fine but the extender would not allow me to charge my ipod making it useless. The extender did charge my ipod in my ihome iH16. Item returned.
B001G70M6S|4.0|I'm just glad that Fuji makes pack film. I have two Polaroid cameras. But there is the jamming issue. There are a lot of fixes online in which you either replace the plastic cover on the Fuji film pack with a metal one from old Polaroid film or remove the springs from your camera. With Polaroid film costing $60, that rules that one out. Altering my camera is not something I want to do either.    I have found that if you partially separate the white paper tabs, they come out easier. You will still lose a photo or two no matter how careful you are opening the back to free them. When the film itself separates, it's a real mess.    At any rate, if it wasn't for this issue I would give this 5 stars. It is excellent high quality film and produces nice high contrast black and white photos. It can be used indoors with a tripod.
B003Q6D1Z6|5.0|this documentary is set to be a cult classic, capturing the age of social networking better than the other facebook movie.  It takes you on an emotional roller coaster.  It is funny, engaging, scary at times and shocking, and also profound and moving.  This is not a fake documentary, it is real.  A must see for everyone who uses social networking.  It should be required viewing for all teenagers.  I love the work of the artist who was discovered in the film.
B004FTSAMC|5.0|I did not realize the emotional investment I had in Dr. Brennan remaining rational, logical and unfeeling.  The past couple of episodes reinforced these qualities to an almost frustrating level.  Well, if anyone wants to know when she is going to FEEL, watch this episode.  Her path to tears must be surreal and almost a psychosis so tightly wound she has been to stay in her unemotional bubble.  An introduced character plus the entire plot used to reveal her heartfelt qualities are a subtext to the overall theme:  Dr. Brennan wakes up to her heart.
B001IBIHQ4|1.0|I received the DVD's, opened them carefully.  Dvd's # 2 and 3 have large defects on the playing service. I tried to clean them but they were either large scuff marks on some other unremoveable material.  The residue of marks caused the DVD so stop, skip and stutter.
0316067938|5.0|Too bad this is the last of the series. I keep hoping it would go on and on. Start from the first book and go right through them all. You'll be glad you did.
0439813786|5.0|I bought this book for my preteen daughter that loves to read.  The size of the book initially intimidated her but many of the pages are drawings that go along with the book.  When she finally read the book she loved it and told me she wished she had read it as soon as she got it. She actually ended up doing her reading fair project on the book.
B003YBNREI|5.0|I was afraid they would come out with a not so good attempt like the Eagles did with their latest one, but the Doobies did not disappoint! The boys hit it out of the park!!
B003XKPPOU|1.0|Seems like this movie was especially made to families who's everyday lives include severe mental, physical and ritual abuse.<br />Normal families with basic morals should avoid this kind of entertainment.<br />This movie will tell your child that he/she is evil, lacking even the least capacity of compassion, at least less than a plastic toy has.....<br />This movie will tell your child that sweet toys like a pink bear or a doll baby has sinister personalities and probably should be destroyed.<br />This movie is obviously made by people without a soul, or by rich psychopaths who aren't just free to create whatever comes to their demonic mind, but get paid for it too....but probably even they wont let their kids watch this one
B004EI3ON4|5.0|Wow what an album!  Want to give your sub-woofer a workout? This album will do it.  Soundtrack or not this is great dark music.  This album gets me even more excited to see the movie.  This is my first taste of Daft Punk and I am hungry for more.
B0019R7XXU|1.0|I can't get over how boring I find this album. I have tried repeatedly to get it and I just feel like something is missing.
B002N5N5LG|5.0|Get this dvd. Community is one of the best shows on television. The cast is terrific, the writing is smart/witty, and the bonus content is loaded. Buy it. NOW!
B003R0MF1W|5.0|As said before, with umpty-ump crime shows pasted all over the television screens and new ones promised of the next season it is gratifying to see that one of those crime shows maintains its integrity and appreciates its audience the way THE MENTALIST does. The writing is consistently good, the crimes investigated require thought in figuring out the perpetrator, but what really makes the series work is the presence of the main character - the almost nonchalant mindreader Patrick Jane. Part of this is due to the inventiveness of the creator of the series, part of it is due to the script du jour, but the whole thing couldn't work as well without the subtle acting skills of Simon Baker. Baker knows who to keep the twinkle in his eye, even in the most potentially dangerous moments. He never pushes his skills to make the character look like a seer, but instead inserts his penetrating opinions in a way that makes the whole teams of investigators work well together. He is ably supported by Robin Tunney, Tim Kang (a far too underused actor), Amanda Righetti, Owain Yeoman, and of course boss men Terry Kinney and Gregory Itzin. It is a strong team playing out a clever idea for bringing justice. Each season gets stronger, especially this season with Simon Baker being given the opportunity to direct an episode - an done of the best ones! Grady Harp, December 10
1439596654|1.0|Its interesting to me that people who say that they love this book get so angry at those who dont. Its like they're taking it personally and Ive even read reviews where they've said things like, \\"You must not have children\\" meaning what? If they did they couldnt possibly feel that way? This book was clearly written for adults, not children. Adults have such a strong connection to it because it provokes images of their own mortality, their parents who are no longer with them or their children who are growing up and will no longer be their \\"baby\\".   You can tell your children you'll love them forever and always without using a book that includes reminding them that one day you'll be dead.  For all of you who get defensive when a reviewer describes this book as \\"creepy\\", ask yourself one question...would you still LOVE this book if it started out with a father and daughter instead of a mother and son? Picture a father cradling his little girl, then sneaking into his teenage daughters room, then driving to and breaking into her house, lifting her out of her bed, just so he can cradle a grown woman while she sleeps?   Sounds pretty creepy to me.   Before anyone reads this book to a child they should ask themselves if their reading it for the child or for themself because you shouldnt have to use a book to tell your children you love them forever and always. As for me and my children and grandchildren, we'll stick with the books that make them feel happy, not sad or scared.
0143034901|5.0|I saw all the 5 star reviews and I thought I'd give it a try.<br />Shadow in the Wind won't be making my favorites list, but it keep me curious to what was going to happen next.<br /><br />Without giving too much away, a boy becomes intrigued with an author of a book. It leads to a mystery of friendship, love, deceit, isolation, and murder.<br /><br />If you're looking for something different to read give it a try.  I did:-)
B002JVWRAE|4.0|If you're a huge Vampire Diaries fan like me, you'll appreciate this collection and the series in HD.  I only gave it one less star from perfect though because my Disc 2 skips during the Caroline/Damon bedroom fight.  Other than that, I'm pleased with the content and love how well-written the series is when you put all episodes sequentially!    Mind you, I'm also someone who thinks True Blood's storyline is lame and the Twilight saga is definitely too 'teen-ish'.   This series falls just in between of both and it helps that Kevin Williamson is one of the involved writers/producers!
B0027BOL4G|5.0|Food, Inc., a well-documented account of the state of the food supply in the U.S.A. is thoroughly engaging and highly informative. What I liked best was the balanced, practical common-sense approach and attitude presented - one of the first scenes has Michael Pollan eating and enjoying a burger. Watching this has influenced the choices I make when feeding my family. You realize that cheap, subsidized, processed food comes at too high a price for our health, the environment, the welfare of animals, and even farmers. Everyone should view this excellent film.
B003N5VOUO|5.0|This was an EXCELLENT MOVIE! As someone who researches Arab/Muslim race relations in the US and teaches a class on race relations, this is the movie I have been waiting for! While some others may feel that this movie is long, I say it is engaging. There is a huge human element in this movie that speaks to all people no matter what color or creed you are. The story is excellent and the filmmaking is top-notch. WATCH THIS MOVIE!
B002ZG9800|4.0|When he's not forcing his rather over the top and extremely physical humor down your throat, Jim Carrey is actually an actor with talent. He's proven this fact in films like The Majestic and Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind. Ewan McGregor also has a reputation for making the most out of what he has to work with. He was one of the few things that kept The Island from being a complete waste of time and it seems like nearly everybody loves Trainspotting (and for good reason). But what would a film be like if these two rather talented actors portrayed a gay couple that on top of that was also based on a true story? That's where I Love You Phillip Morris comes in.<br /><br />Steven Jay Russell (Carrey) decides to come out of the closet and be his true self after a fateful car accident. As a gay man, Steven wants to live it up but doesn't make enough money to live the type of life he wants to live. His other calling as a conman begins to show its face and it eventually leads him to prison. Once in prison, he meets Phillip Morris (McGregor) who he eventually falls in love with. They soon begin to realize they can't bear to be apart from one another. Steven takes it upon himself to come up with an elaborate scheme that would keep them together forever, but all doesn't go according to plan. One scheme leads to another, which leads to another, and so on. But even when things seem to be in the clear, Steven finds himself falling into old habits and may lose Phillip because of it. Despite what they say, falling in love isn't nearly as hard as staying out of prison.<br /><br />Steven and Phillip's relationship is the main attraction of the film. The chemistry Carrey and McGregor share on screen is really pretty phenomenal. Jim Carrey gives what is quite possibly the performance of his career. Steven is disturbed and driven in an insane, but \\"I'm doing this for your own good\\" kind of way. His struggle to figure out who he is is portrayed by Carrey to emotional perfection. Ewan McGregor certainly has his moments, as well. Phillip is shy, somewhat quiet, and is usually taken advantage of by those around him. Watching him go through that as Steven slowly begins to do the same thing to Phillip that everyone else has is half the fun of the character.<br /><br />A love story between two gay men may not be for everyone, so I Love You Phillip Morris is able to offer more than just that. There's the intriguing cinematography. Early on in the film, there's a scene where Steven is tucking his daughter in before bed. As you hear him talking to his daughter, we're shown things like the toilet paper roll in the bathroom and a play tea set in his daughter's bedroom. For some reason, that shot of that toilet paper roll sticks with you the entire film. It's just simple enough to never forget. Even though the film is a drama, there is also quite a bit of comedy in there as well. Steven confronting his mother for something she did in her past is the best example of that. The dialogue is what really sticks out though, especially during the second viewing. There's a speech that Phillip makes to Steven near the end of the film about not being able to love someone who doesn't exist that is exceptional.<br /><br />I Love You Phillip Morris is an emotional and heartfelt love story that's driven by the on-screen chemistry between Jim Carrey and Ewan McGregor. It's laugh out loud funny one minute and tugging at your heart strings the next, I Love You Phillip Morris is a well-written and well presented drama that deserves to be giving a chance.ainly has his moments, as well. Phillip is shy, somewhat quiet, and is usually taken advantage of by those around him. Watching him go through that as Steven slowly begins to do the same thing to Phillip that everyone else has is half the fun of the character.    A love story between two gay men may not be for everyone, so I Love You Phillip Morris is able to offer more than just that. There's the intriguing cinematography. Early on in the film, there's a scene where Steven is tucking his daughter in before bed. As you hear him talking to his daughter, we're shown things like the toilet paper roll in the bathroom and a play tea set in his daughter's bedroom. For some reason, that shot of that toilet paper roll sticks with you the entire film. It's just simple enough to never forget. Even though the film is a drama, there is also quite a bit of comedy in there as well. Steven confronting his mother for something she did in her past is the best example of that. The dialogue is what really sticks out though, especially during the second viewing. There's a speech that Phillip makes to Steven near the end of the film about not being able to love someone who doesn't exist that is exceptional.     I Love You Phillip Morris is an emotional and heartfelt love story that's driven by the on-screen chemistry between Jim Carrey and Ewan McGregor. It's laugh out loud funny one minute and tugging at your heart strings the next, I Love You Phillip Morris is a well-written and well presented drama that deserves to be giving a chance.
B00005JKGZ|5.0|Love this movie!  It was a great price as well.  This is a great, classic movie to show your children.  This has been one of my favorite movies since I was little.
1440503257|4.0|This book is pretty awesome for the harry potter lover!!!  My only complaint is some of the recipes are a little complicated as they are made from scratch. However, the two I have made so far have been REALLY good! Keep in mind most of this is typical British fare, which is sterotypically not so good, but these recipes make the British staples very yummy, probably since they are made from scratch. A must for any harry potter lover, or even someone who just likes international cuisine.
1400052173|5.0|I am an avid reader, but I usually read fiction. I am so glad that I paid attention to the positive reviews for this book. The story is interesting, and it is told in a way that kept me engaged and wanting to know more.
B001IAOEXU|2.0|I just received my dual triggers yesterday. Putting them on is a snap. Getting used to them took a little while. The only problem with these that I had, is that the buttons are not able to be fully pressed in. Therefore, in a racing game, your speed is not as fast as it can be.
B00005N6KG|3.0|The cord is 8-10\\" shorter than other headphones. I can't place my mp3 player in my pocket and I can't reach the front of my PC which is right next to me. I can however use them with my SansaClip player which I clip on the top of my short and then it's just about the prefect length and it's nice not having tons of extra cord.  I threw away the package so I don't know the length it claims but when I measure from the plug to where the cord enters either side of the headphone, I get 40.5 inches. In comparison, I have cheap $12 sony earbuds that measures 49 inches and my Sennheiser PMX70 at 51.5 inches, both which are on average with the dozen or so other pairs I've owned. If you don't need to put your player in your pocket or you have a much shorter torso than me (I am 6'1\\"), then you'll be fine and it may just be the perfect length. You could always get a cheap cord extension for your PC to make these work. These stay on pretty well when I jog, occasionally I have trouble with one side popping out of an ear. I like that these are not in-the-ear type headphones like to hear my surroundings when running.
0525423842|2.0|I picked up this book intrigued with the premise--a well-known adult suspense author taking his craft to the young adult/children's market.  Unfortunately that premise was the only thing intriguing about the whole book.    Theodore Boone's life is absorbed with law.  To say it was his obsession would be an understatement.  And that's where the book starts going downhill; because like all the other characters in the book, Theodore is one-dimensional.  The characters often seem mechanical, slaves to whatever \\"role\\" the author has put them in.  Most lack any real emotion that would allow the reader to connect to them.  There is no insight into the motivations for their choices and actions, the reader is just supposed to cosmically understand that the world determines this cookie-cutter pace to life.     This all leads to another major fail in the book--the stereotypes.  We often wonder where kids learn about stereotyping people, well this type of \\"young adult\\" writing is one example...    Rich people murder their spouses for money...check  Men often beat their wives and/or leave them and their children homeless...check  People of Latin American origin living in the US are usually illegal and a drain on social services...check  Institutional homophobia...check  Girls (only 2 in the book) are either flirty cheerleaders who like to run from boyfriend to boyfriend or are emotional, indecisive damsels in distress...check  Dysfunctional families almost always have kids that grow up doing drugs...check  Boys and girls must be separated at school because obviously they can't handle their innate differences to either get along or control themselves...check (this was a weird dialog by the author that was out of place --was he being sarcastic or political--who knows because the story and narration was so flat it was hard to determine)  I could go on and on.    The final tragedy is that although the writing is adequate, the story is just plain boring and unbelievable.  Unbelievable is obviously OK for fiction, but the story is so monotone that it leaves little to the imagination and therefore the reader will naturally default to the feeling that this is supposed to be a \\"realistic story\\".  But who would let a bunch of 12-13 year old boys take a school field trip to a \\"brutal\\" murder trial?  Still, even if you can overlook this issue, there is just no suspense in the book.  Even though the reader can catch glimpses of something lying underneath the words of the story (if you close your eyes and try really hard), the reader is always left hanging.  And the greatest injustice of all is that the story is nothing more than a lead-in to a follow on book.  None of the major or minor story arcs are brought to a conclusion.  It is a 263 page sales pitch for another book.       In conclusion, this book is an insult to the intelligence of its target audience and Grisham can and should do better.
B0026PW67W|2.0|My favorite prop in the Harry Potter series is the Marauders Map. This replica is a major disappointment. I was ready to return it but my child was delighted to have it, and I was just too busy to bother. What is wrong with it? It is extremely difficult to read but the prime criticism, I have, is the cheap paper. What did I expect? Paper that had the aged look, durable, and pliable, much like leather. This was not worth the price. Bah, humbug.
B002ZG980U|1.0|there is no explanation for anything that happens in this movie.  simply put, rip-off of sunshine of the spotless.  talk about a leap of faith, why are we to believe this is real?  furthermore, why do we care??  this wonderful dream revelation, and just to use it to screw people?  hmmm, the ultimate excuse for computer generated mayhem, i suppose.  pretty good cast, but totally wasted, and the little love interest angle with his wife laboring idiotically in limbo, ANNOYING!  oh, and the asian donald trump, angling in for his slice of the pie, just stereotypically lovely.  everything about this movie screams of trite, from it's prosaic finish to its mindless INCEP TION!  trash can.... open and shut!
044654759X|4.0|Katie Feldman has moved to a pretty, little Southern town to start a new life.  She and the local shopkeeper share a mutual attraction but she's nervous and guarded...and with good reason: She's expecting to be murdered.<br /><br />This is a rather simple story that is part romance, part thriller, and part fantasy.  Sparks is a good writer and the book is a quick read. The first half was a bit too sweet, but the second half was so intense and scary my heart was pounding and I couldn't turn the pages fast enough to see what would happen next. The fantasy subplot was corny and weak and could have been left out in my opinion.<br /><br />Recommended for those who enjoy an idealized love story about a perfect couple, with the added drama of a crazed mad man on the loose.  3.5 stars.
0810979772|5.0|This book has rarely been away from my son since he got it over three weeks ago. He complains about having to do his spelling and reading homework, but he is doing all of that - and laughing - while he works away in this Do It Yourself book. He is reading, writing, and coming up with his own creative and funny stories. This has boosted his confidence as a writer. And he's having fun! I love it!
B002N5N5LG|5.0|Great present idea...My boyfriend loved it! There was a mini comic book inside. This is a great item for anyone who is a fan of Community!
B004259BMM|5.0|Keith is just so talented, this cd is by far the best in my opinion.  It just seems he gets more impressive as each year passes.  The limited cd is the one to get.  The extra songs are well worth it.  Keith is a master and Get Closer is something everyone will enjoy.
B002QEXT4W|5.0|Most of what needs to be said has been already said; all I can add is that depending on your taste, this actually might be the best record Procol Harum made.  This is not a small statement, given that they had half a dozen other very good records -- and reason I can't say for sure is that I also love Grand Hotel and AWSOP.    Quick recap, still: A side is solid gold with no fillers;  B side is less stellar, but Butterfly Boys is awesome (really nice FU for their record company too, apparently Chrysalis execs were less than thrilled with it!), and others are ok if not great.
B0046MOV8U|3.0|I continued to check Amazon to see if anyone would clarify if the DVD/Blu ray was indeed what we saw on the Thanksgiving special that aired on ABC. So let me be the first to say it does differ slightly from what was aired. The television special was edited and terribly if I must say.    This Blu ray sounds awesome, but I kept thinking what was the purpose of releasing it on Blu if we have to deal with in and out moments of grainy concert footage  and the writing on the top of the screen letting us know what city she is in?    We all know Beyonce has talent, she can perform well blah blah blah...she reminds me of janet in her prime. She works hard and I respect her for it.  Great Blu for your collection if you're a B fan.
B002JWD6AS|5.0|I am a huge Twilight fan and nothing comes close in comparison except this book. I love it. The characters are deep. I actually cried in the end. I never cry! Soooo good.
B001IBIHQ4|5.0|I bought this video for my husband, but we watched it together.  My father was stationed in the Philippines during WWII so I was very interested.  It was very sad to see what these men went through during the war, but I was glad I watched it.  I felt, as did my husband, that this video was realistic and well done.
B002VWNID6|5.0|Robin Hood prince of Thieves is actually one of the least Hollywoodized version of a Robin Hood movie. The action seems real enough (apart the catapult one which is just) and the actors are living the part. Kevin Costner hasn't got an English accent but then,what was the accent then? At least he is a believable Robin and of course Alan Rickman is for sure,the Sheriff. Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio is believable also. The newest Robin Hood (2010) is too raw and it should not have copied Gladiator in the mood. Robin Hood is a legend but with a purpose: the brave action of one to help many,for a more just lifestyle. be it a legend or not,the story is uplifting and hat is positive. It has been known that such a story inspire some to protect the weaker (I did and am known for it). So,just take it for what it is: A great flick for action and some humor with uplifting music and an inspiring message that injustice must be fought against. That is it,no more but certainly...no less,right?
B00479SVBU|5.0|Satechi's Soundfly Aux FM Transmitter is much better than I had expected and delivery was quick and on-time.    I purchased this for my wife's Sienna that has only the 6-disc JBL system but doesn't play MP3's.  This product works as advertised.  Basically, we loaded our music onto an 8gb SD card and plug this into the cigarette lighter.  From there, we tune the radio to the channel listed on the Soundfly and voila, we are able to hear our MP3 music through the van's sound system.    We live in the Chicagoland area and have not had any issues with interference on 90.3 FM.  Music sounds exceptional and we are able to see the tracks via RDS on the factory Toyota radio.      Besides the SD slot for music, we plugged the 3.5mm cable into our portable DVD player and was also able to have the sound from the movie broadcasted over our sound system.  The sound quality is great. There is no buzzing or hissing.    I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants to play their MP3 collection and doesn't want to change out their factory radio.
B003Y5H4SO|5.0|When I first heard about this movie I knew I had to see it!<br /><br />5 people board a evelator in a modern skyscrapper office building.  They board one by one as they each press the button to which floor is their destination. In a small metal box the elevator begans to rise to the upper floors. Amongst a goup of strangers no one speaks, no Good Morning greetings or small talk. The elevator aburtly stops, sending all the passengers aboard holding on to each other for balance.  The lights flicker but the elevator doesnt budge. They quickly discover they are stuck in a small elevator sitting in a elevator shaft with more than 20 floors below.<br /><br />But, falling down the elevator shaft is not the biggest problem they face. Amongst them is the King Of Darkness.<br /><br />Who is it? What will happen next?
B0007KS7D0|5.0|I've got both the DCR-150 and DCR-250. Originally I purchased them for my Richo GX-200 as they screw directly in to the lens extender/adapter for the Ricoh. However, my macro shots were no closer or tighter than before! Then I did the math. My Ricoh has a macro range of 1cm by default. In order to use additional lenses (wide angle, telephoto, macro, etc.) the adapter places the add-on lens out away from the camera's lens. Consequently, at 1.5x and even 2.5x magnification, because the sensor was now further away, I couldn't get any closer to my subject.<br /><br />So, lesson learned. On a camera that is capable of extremely close macro work, you likely won't be able to get in any tighter using these lenses.<br /><br />That said, using it with the Canon Rebel 2Ti with the 18-55mm lens made a huge difference. Using the mount, the lense attaches easily to the Canon lens. Normally, that specific Canon lense has a usable macro distance of about 5-6 inches. With these, I can get within 3 inches with the 150, and just over 2 inches with the 250. (You can even stack them if you really want to geek out, but it's a bit challenging to thread two adapters and two lense together.)<br /><br />Another way to compare is how small of an area can I get a shot of. Distance from the subject is one thing, but size of the subject is another great way to explain the lenses. So, by default with the 18-55mm lens, I can shoot something a approximately 2.5\\" wide. With the DCR-150, I could get about 1.625\\" wide to fill the entire shot (2 nickels). With the DCR-250, I got down to 1.25\\" (a 50 cent piece). I did stack the two, and could get a quarter to fill the entire shot.<br /><br />Depth of field is of course, very short, so try to shoot straight on, or realize you will have much of the shot out of focus. Of course, that can certainly be the goal when shooting macro. Being that close to a subject will also affect lighting, both from flashes and shadows from you and the camera, so again, play around to understand exactly how it's going to work.<br /><br />I obviously like using coins as a reference, and shoot them so as to understand the macro capabilities of the camera and lenses I'm using. For example, on the stacked shot I took of a quarter, shooting it at about a 45 degree angle, the only part clearly in focus was maybe 12 of the ridges on the side and two of the numbers in the 1992 date (approximately 1/16 of an inch!). Figure a focus range of about 1/4\\" for the 150 and an 1/8\\" for the 250.<br /><br />So, for those starting to play with macro work, first see what your camera is capable of. Then consider the DCR-150 as a great addition. I think the DCR-250 is a little more than is absolutely necessary, but as has been mentioned, if you want to focus on just one eye of the bug you're shooting, that's the way to go. It just requires a tremendous amount of patience!<br /><br />(for those getting vignette effects - you have to use the maximum zoom on your lense in order to not get that.)round to understand exactly how it's going to work.<br /><br />I obviously like using coins as a reference, and shoot them so as to understand the macro capabilities of the camera and lenses I'm using. For example, on the stacked shot I took of a quarter, shooting it at about a 45 degree angle, the only part clearly in focus was maybe 12 of the ridges on the side and two of the numbers in the 1992 date (approximately 1/16 of an inch!). Figure a focus range of about 1/4\\" for the 150 and an 1/8\\" for the 250.<br /><br />So, for those starting to play with macro work, first see what your camera is capable of. Then consider the DCR-150 as a great addition. I think the DCR-250 is a little more than is absolutely necessary, but as has been mentioned, if you want to focus on just one eye of the bug you're shooting, that's the way to go. It just requires a tremendous amount of patience!<br /><br />(for those getting vignette effects - you have to use the maximum zoom on your lense in order to not get that.)
B001EOQWFI|5.0|Since I have been watching Blu Ray media, I have noticed that only newer releases take advantage of the large data format. This is understandable. The quality just was not there in the past. I was delighted to find that WALL-E had far surpassed DVD quality before Hi Def was around (or at least common) This is one that is worth buying again on BD. It was like seeing it for the first time. & I watch WALL-E a LOT. It eases stress.<br /><br />I could go on & on about how much detail there is in every scene of the movie, but that would be pointless. I was MOST impressed with seeing a reflection of EVERYTHING in Eve's glassy surface.<br /><br />WALL-E & Avatar are the 2 highest quality Blu Rays I have seen to date. & honestly nothing else is even getting close (yet)<br /><br />-_-
B000A1SZ2Y|5.0|I've got both the DCR-150 and DCR-250. Originally I purchased them for my Richo GX-200 as they screw directly in to the lens extender/adapter for the Ricoh. However, my macro shots were no closer or tighter than before! Then I did the math. My Ricoh has a macro range of 1cm by default. In order to use additional lenses (wide angle, telephoto, macro, etc.) the adapter places the add-on lens out away from the camera's lens. Consequently, at 1.5x and even 2.5x magnification, because the sensor was now further away, I couldn't get any closer to my subject.    So, lesson learned. On a camera that is capable of extremely close macro work, you likely won't be able to get in any tighter using these lenses.    That said, using it with the Canon Rebel 2Ti with the 18-55mm lens made a huge difference. Using the mount, the lense attaches easily to the Canon lens. Normally, that specific Canon lense has a usable macro distance of about 5-6 inches. With these, I can get within 3 inches with the 150, and just over 2 inches with the 250. (You can even stack them if you really want to geek out, but it's a bit challenging to thread two adapters and two lense together.)     Another way to compare is how small of an area can I get a shot of. Distance from the subject is one thing, but size of the subject is another great way to explain the lenses. So, by default with the 18-55mm lens, I can shoot something a approximately 2.5\\" wide. With the DCR-150, I could get about 1.625\\" wide to fill the entire shot (2 nickels). With the DCR-250, I got down to 1.25\\" (a 50 cent piece). I did stack the two, and could get a quarter to fill the entire shot.    Depth of field is of course, very short, so try to shoot straight on, or realize you will have much of the shot out of focus. Of course, that can certainly be the goal when shooting macro. Being that close to a subject will also affect lighting, both from flashes and shadows from you and the camera, so again, play around to understand exactly howit's going to work.    I obviously like using coins as a reference, and shoot them so as to understand the macro capabilities of the camera and lenses I'm using. For example, on the stacked shot I took of a quarter, shooting it at about a 45 degree angle, the only part clearly in focus was maybe 12 of the ridges on the side and two of the numbers in the 1992 date (approximately 1/16 of an inch!). Figure a focus range of about 1/4\\" for the 150 and an 1/8\\" for the 250.    So, for those starting to play with macro work, first see what your camera is capable of. Then consider the DCR-150 as a great addition. I think the DCR-250 is a little more than is absolutely necessary, but as has been mentioned, if you want to focus on just one eye of the bug you're shooting, that's the way to go. It just requires a tremendous amount of patience!
B00005JKDQ|5.0|I watched this online one afternoon after work. The story was entertaining, the characters were funny, the voices were well-matched and Pixar's animation is off-the-charts amazing. I laughed and cried, it was a very enjoyable hour and a half, there were even 'outtakes' at the end.
B000PDYVVG|4.0|At one point in \\"Eat, Pray, Love,\\" Elizabeth Gilbert describes herself as \\"a murky hole of bottomless grief.\\" It is immediately apparent to the reader that she is completely depressed and that her life is dissatisfying to the point that she would rather die than continue on in her misery. Who has not been to this place at least once in their life? She also explains that what she really wants out of life is to enjoy worldly pleasures and to experience divine transcendence.<br /><br />This is a lot to ask for even when you have a fairly normal life. But throw in a divorce and a failed rebound relationship and things get oh so worse. I was also struck by Elizabeth Gilbert's extreme loneliness. She says something similar to what Marilyn Monroe expressed when she says: \\"I am alone, I am alone, I am completely alone.\\" Since I've been through depression quite a few times I could instantly relate to this woman who was being so brutally honest. In fact, for most of this book I totally appreciated her honesty even while she made decisions some would consider wrong.<br /><br />Like for instance, we never really learn why she left her husband (she feels this is private) or why she didn't try marriage counseling first. She does however ask some very interesting questions about life and comes to some compelling conclusions. How anyone can say she is trite or boring is beyond me. I found her story completely entertaining from the first page to the last.<br /><br />Her discussions about God are very comforting and her search for inner peace is inspiring although some of the yoga she talks about could be dangerous spiritually to some Christians - most yoga is fine as far as I can tell. At the least she revels in her humanness and at the most she reaches for the divine. There is no middle road, she is not satisfied with mediocrity. She wants to experience God on a daily basis, all day long. So she decides to spend a year being celibate. This of course does not work out exactly as planned.<br /><br />On her journey she meets some extremely colorful characters at the Ashram in India and even more entertaining characters in Indonesia. I laughed out loud many times and was even a little shocked on occasion.<br /><br />Still I think Elizabeth Gilbert is an excellent writer and her writing style is completely engaging. Yes, she talks about herself but isn't that the point? This is a journey of self-discovery that just happens to occur within a year. In the end she chooses happiness over suffering. Most of us are not so lucky to be paid to find happiness. We struggle on our own for years - perhaps decades to discover the secrets life seems to eventually reveal.<br /><br />This book reminded me of a quote I once heard about how righteous indignation is really jealousy with a halo. Could many of the people who disliked this book simply be jealous of the author's happiness? As someone who has fought to keep my marriage I'm tempted to say that Elizabeth Gilbert may not have tried as hard as she could to save hers. But who am I to judge? I think in the end there is something to be learned from this book even if it as simple as learning compassion for other people who struggle in life. There are some really beautiful moments in this book when Elizabeth learns compassion herself. I will now go read the sequel. I'm dying to find out what happened next. :) And yes, I'm one of the last people on the planet to read her books. :)<br /><br />~The Rebecca Reviewney she meets some extremely colorful characters at the Ashram in India and even more entertaining characters in Indonesia. I laughed out loud many times and was even a little shocked on occasion.     Still I think Elizabeth Gilbert is an excellent writer and her writing style is completely engaging. Yes, she talks about herself but isn't that the point? This is a journey of self-discovery that just happens to occur within a year. In the end she chooses happiness over suffering. Most of us are not so lucky to be paid to find happiness. We struggle on our own for years - perhaps decades to discover the secrets life seems to eventually reveal.     This book reminded me of a quote I once heard about how righteous indignation is really jealousy with a halo. Could many of the people who disliked this book simply be jealous of the author's happiness? As someone who has fought to keep my marriage I'm tempted to say that Elizabeth Gilbert may not have tried as hard as she could to save hers. But who am I to judge? I think in the end there is something to be learned from this book even if it as simple as learning compassion for other people who struggle in life. There are some really beautiful moments in this book when Elizabeth learns compassion herself. I will now go read the sequel. I'm dying to find out what happened next. :) And yes, I'm one of the last people on the planet to read her books. :)     ~The Rebecca Review
B00003CXXP|1.0|If I hadn't been with a large group of people when I saw this movie in the theatres I would have walked out. Absolutely rediculous.. it just gets weirder and weirder as it goes until you are thinking to yourself \\"how on earth could this possibly have a happy ending, I mean unless space aliens come down in their magic space ship and... oh... really??\\"     I was writing some reviews and having a little fun and I thought to myself.. what's one of the worst experiences I've ever had in my life? Oh yeah, when I went and saw that  pinochio space alien movie.. I'll go give that pile a 1.
B003NFM3JK|3.0|I WAS EXPECTING ALOT MORE FROM THIS MOVIE AFTER SEEING THE ADS AND KNOWING JIM CARREY WAS PART OF IT AND WITH THE ANIMATION. I WAS DISAPPOINTED WITH THE MOVIE.I HAVE SEEN OTHERS THAT WERE MUCH BETTER. IF I HAD SEEN IT PRIOR TO BUYING IT I WOULD NOT HAVE WASTED MY MONEY.
B0024RIMBG|3.0|Unfortunately I have to leave a neutral rating.  My CD would not play on any of my 4 CD players (auto & home).  I returned it for a replacement, and it wouldn't work either.<br /><br />I requested a refund.
B003F3NDWG|4.0|While I won't go into the specifics of the plots of the episodes, I will admit to being a great fan of the show. Best moment of the season? The opening of episode 6, the first on disc 2; it's the Halloween episode, and Nathan gets dressed up in the Mal clothes from Firefly, and the banter with his daughter about it is priceless, worth the price of admission all by itself in my opinion. (I should mention that I followed Fillion from that show and the movie to Castle in the first place.)    More than any other procedural crime show, this one has excellent character interactions. The writers really have it down how a group of friends talks and cut on one another, just their cuts and jabs alone would make a great show without the typical mystery to solve. The fact that Castle and Beckett are both too proud and/or stupid to tell the other they love them gets old, but it also keeps one watching to see when they will finally get together.    There are five episodes per disc, until the fifth which has four and the special features. The biggest let-down is the lack of commentary tracks on any episodes, esp. that intro to ep 6 which would have been fantastic to hear Nathan's thoughts on. There are behind the scenes bits typical of season special features, perhaps not as good as those of season 1 but still worth watching.     Overall it's a good set, but not the best in terms of the bonus features. Worth buying, but maybe better with a sale discount.
B0001HAISQ|4.0|I ordered some videos for a birthday gift and was pleased at the quick service and great condition of the video.
B0000DZTIL|3.0|Usually when I buy an older movie on DVD, I expect it to have little in the way of cleanup or processing to make it appear better in the new digital media. This movie was no exception, though perhaps it ranks a bit low on the list.    The worst part was the sound, which seemed worse to me than my old VHS copy of the movie. It seemed like it needs to be remixed to make sure the dialogue is audible over the foley and music in several places, as the speech is hard to hear. The video is grainy and poor, with multiple instances of dust or hairs flicking on the screen, which are easily remedied with today's technology (not much more than a guy with a video editing program on his computer). Further, it seems like some of the profanity was poorly dubbed out that I don't recall on the old tape, using \\"funk\\" or \\"suck\\" instead of the F-word in a few places, while other words are left untouched. I noticed the same thing on my Last Starfighter DVD and suspect it was some partial edit to conform to rating standards and/or market the movie to younger audiences. Perhaps it was like that on the tape and is only noticeable on the DVD due to the sound issues, but it's clear that the actors' voices shift as in any dubbing situation, such as those on network TV.    Still, the movie is great to have once again, if as a poor quality version for the medium. I'd recommend it only to those die-hards who need to see the flick one more time, because even for an 80s movie it holds up pretty well.
B001TH8UUA|1.0|I was excited to get a HDMI cable for so cheap especially with such good reviews. However, as others have stated, the cable does not work properly at all. I used this to connect my LG tv to my HD cable box and the signal was either not detected or constantly dropped. I switched out the cable with the HDMI cable supplied by Comcast and voila it worked perfectly. I decided to give it a second chance and connect my Macbook Pro to the tv and again, the signal drops whenever it wants to for no apparent reason. It seems to me that the HDMI connects are too small and as a result are a bit loose in the connectors. I'm disappointed and now on the lookout for a better quality cable.
B001LF347E|5.0|One of the best shows I've seen in a long time.<br />Definitely worth your time if you want enter a captivating and mesmermising world of fantasy.<br />This is one show that definitely deserves to be on Blu-ray though.<br />The scenery is something to behold from the awesome castle to Morgana's haunting beautiful eyes!<br />It's a travesty that there isn't a Blu-ray version available :(
B001C34HUS|4.0|if you have anything to do with creating ideas then read this book - you'll read it no time too. simple and concrete thoughts on creating ideas.
B003V5PQ1E|1.0|This is the worst and most commercialized cd they have ever made.  So when did they go pop?  Not the Linkin Park you are used to.
1400031362|4.0|In the third installment in Alexander McCall Smith's No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency series, Precious Ramotswe and her associate Mma Makutsi have a handful of issues to deal with. The most pressing is brought to them by a government man who believes his brother is being poisoned. The case requires that Mma Ramotswe absent herself from the agency for a few days so she can infiltrate the family's home and uncover the truth. Thus left without her superior's guidance, Mma Makutsi manages to shine--despite her own rather odd ideas about the principles of deduction. She handles the case referred to in the book's title, interviewing and assessing the moral fiber of a short list of beauty pageant entrants. Meanwhile she is simultaneously acting as the assistant manager of Tlokweng Road Speedy Motors while its proprietor, Mma Ramotswe's fiance J.L.B. Maketoni, recovers from depression.<br /><br />A third case is also brought to Mma Ramotswe's attention, but it is left unresolved at the book's end. This seems an odd choice on the author's part, but not necessarily a bad one. Even Mma Ramotswe, for all her acumen, cannot solve all the world's problems.<br /><br />As usual, McCall Smith's novel is a sweet read. It transports the reader to a more simple, if idealized place--a civilized place, despite that its problems are legion and not always soluble.<br /><br />-- Debra Hamel
0618680004|4.0|Dawkins in passionate about his belief. This book cites many relevant scholarly work which makes it an interesting read. For Non-believers and people like myself who are fed up with institutionalization of beliefs, this book is a great take on the world of faith and religion.
030726999X|5.0|The book was om good shape when it was received it came in a timely manner and was greatly appreciated.  It is a very good read.
B00328R21C|5.0|just got this for my 5 y/o to add to his growing Lego collection, he loves any unusual 'people' and this one has C-3PO in gold.....just bought from W.Mart today for $24
B000929AJQ|5.0|Trent Reznor has always delved into the darkest parts of humanity with his music but this one just takes the cake. With Teeth is a combination of all the classic NIN sounds thrown into one record. It has the brutal industrial sounds of downward spiral mixed with the rock and roll sounds of broken and all wrapped in the dim synths of the fragile. As far as lyrics go this in my opinion is trents darkest album. He had just come off his kick of drugs and alcohol and I think he wrote alot of these songs when he was going through these. Songs like everyday is exactly the same, and only, and the hand that feeds make great singles that stick in your head. Love is not enough and you know what you are give you a little bit more of a heavy variety and then the last two tracks are very mellow. Beside you in time almost hypnotizes you and right where it belongs is simply heartwrenching and beautiful. That song changed my life. All and all they really out did themselves with this one. A solid buy for NIN and none NIN fans alike.
0767819659|5.0|my 3yr old absolutely loves this film and its not so bad that i have to sit through it sometimes too.   delightful :)
B0043ZDU1E|5.0|Beautiful arrangements of traditional pieces.    The musical backdrops are beautiful, diverse and original and Loreena's voice is as sweet as ever.
B00275EHJG|5.0|The Toy Story series ends with another great film. This film is a bit different from the other two and has a different theme. The new characters are very lovable and we still get our same cast of fun old favorites. This movie focus' on the toys moving on from the life they had with Andy. It's about realization and transition. It has some very mature scenes that the small tots probably won't understand. That's Pixar's way of keep it entertaining for mommy and daddy. My 5 year old and my nearly 2 year old love this movie. They could watch it everyday. I do not believe that the movie is very dark as per some of the other reviews. It's just a fact of life that we can't live forever. Teaching your kids that isn't such a bad thing, right? They also learn from this movie that they can't trust everyone. The movie shows the \\"bad guys\\" as very nice and inviting in the beginning. The toys learn that this is simply superficial and they should not have blindly trusted them. Again, this isn't such a bad lesson for children, right? I think this movie is another Toy Story classic with all new life lessons to learn that the kids will watch time and time again. As they get older, they'll start to understand the more adult components of the movie and that will spark yet another conversation about life. Great job Pixar!
B002NWRMVS|5.0|Most of the songs on this album are hurting songs, some subtly so..... but they are well crafted and thoughtful.    The album cover is interesting considering the song \\"Man of the Hour\\" is also on this CD.    \\"Man of the Hour\\" basically descibes the trials of love and says the relationships between people and dogs are much happier and more fufilling (except when they die at the end).    That white dress looks like a wedding dress to me, and the St Bernard is in the position of the groom.    Whether this works for you is a matter of how you take the message. It could be considered a snub at men, but I don't see it that way, as I agree with her.
0439023521|5.0|Reading The Hunger Games is highly recommended for any teen. It is a fast paced novel that is filled with suspense, drama, and action. I enjoyed this book for several reasons. First of all, the characters are well developed by Suzanne Collins. Katniss is a fierce and loyal main character. The reader grows to admire her throughout the book. The setting paints a vivid picture in the reader's mind. You are able to imagine that you have stepped into the hunger game arena. Also, the nonstop action keeps the reader's attention during the entire book.    The characters in this book are memorable. It is like Katniss, Gale, and Peeta become real people as you read. The author takes you into battle with Katniss and Peeta. You find yourself cheering for and against other characters in the book. The action continues to keep you guessing until the very end. That is part of the reason why this book is so engaging.    Suzanne Collins creates a futuristic society in this book. The country is divided into several different districts. Katniss is from a district that is very poor. However, as she grows up there, she learns to hunt animals to feed her family. When she goes into the arena, these hunting skills become a valuable part of her will to survive the hunger games.    At the end of The Hunger Games, the reader is compelled to get the next two books in this series. You cannot just stop with the first book. I am excited to read the second book to find out what happens to these remarkable characters. Suzanne Collins makes this book interesting for teens and adults.
B004132HZS|5.0|I, too, worried that they were not going to be able to pull this off, but joy, joy, they did!  The actors are great in their parts -- love Watson.  Only wish I didn't have to wait so long to see the next season.  I love British TV, so thank goodness for Masterpiece.  BTW, you can subscribe to Masterpiece Mystery and get emails when the next shows come out!
0307454541|1.0|I think that this must be a case of \\"Sex sells\\" as otherwise I see no reasonable solution to the conundrum of this book selling so well...<br /><br />I found the characters lacking in personality and realism;<br />Sex scenes were thrown in randomly - I can only think that he wanted to put them in and did not know how to properly formulate them into the plot;<br />The plot was weak and obvious;<br />The \\"girl with the dragon tattoo\\" was a secondary character, so not sure why the English version had this as a title for the book.<br />It is always a very sensitive issue to deal with issues of abuse, and I find that the author put them into the book for shock value, not with any real feeling. I'm probably too sensitive, but I found some of the scenes so sadistic that it made me wonder whether the author had some serious issues himself - and not from a victim perspective.<br /><br />I gained one very important thing from this book, however: when a book seems bad after the third chapter, stop reading it... as it's only going to get worse.
B0042JTDXK|5.0|I've spent a considerable amount of time reading the other reviews here of Josh's latest CD and I'm really not all that surprised to see the wide variance of feelings.  Music does and will always affect everyone in a slightly different way because most of us relate to it on an emotional level.  For me, my lasting reaction to \\"Illuminations\\" was \\"Now we're finally hearing the real Josh Groban!\\".  I suspect that has something to do with the fact that he pulled away from David Foster this time around and went in a distinctly different direction.  As much as I have loved every other CD he has created, under David Foster's production I often felt that there were nice moments here and there in each song, but felt like what I was hearing was \\"Josh ... The Voice\\".  With this latest release, I feel like each song has a beginning, middle, and end. There is a purity and intimacy that I have not felt in his previous CDs.  I think the fact that some of these songs were recorded in one attempt demontrates the conviction Josh and Rick Rubin had in their collaboration.    I generally try not to get too much into an artist's head as far as what the lyrics might mean because the bottom line is, while Josh co-wrote most of the songs on the new CD, that mostly means that he wrote the music but not necessarily the lyrics. Therefore, I don't really interpret the overall feeling of this CD as being a downer or depressing or that it means Josh's love life has seen brighter days.  And I really do not understand the one reviewer who said they found this CD self-indulgent.      So, for me, this latest attempt by Josh is a definite winner and I look forward to what he will give us next.
B0040JHXTI|5.0|Bruce not only wrote the classic songs on \\"Darkness\\", he fully inhabited them,  a point especially made clear not just by his lyrics,  but his live performances,  both the '78 concert from Houston and the '09 performance of the album in its entirety. (Both of those are on DVD's in this box set). In doing that, he left some 60 other songs by the wayside between 1976 and 1978,  recorded in the studio but left in the vault.  Some songs turned up as hits for Patti Smith,  the Pointer Sisters and Southside Johnny,  others circulated as bootlegs, and many were hidden in the darkest reaches of Springsteen's closet.  Some songs emerged on \\"Tracks\\" in 1998 (Don't Look Back, Hearts of Stone,  Give the Girl a Kiss, Iceman),  but \\"The Promise\\" is a double-album's full of his leftovers,  a set of rejects virtually any other artist would be sobbing over with joy.      Bruce was so focused at telling his story of struggling small town young adults on Darkness that any songs that didn't quite fit in were unmercifully cut.  So now we have Breakaway,  The Little Things My Baby Does, Save My Love and The Promise, amongst the other classics-that-never-were,  in beautiful mixes (with some new vocals and in the case of Save My Love, a new performance).  The title track of The Promise,  which just got left off Darkness, is in its original,  fully-orchestrated (complete with harmony vocals, glock, organ and strings!) arrangement, not the sparse piano arrangement many people have heard the last 11 years in concert or on \\"18 Tracks\\".  It is the aural equivalent of personal heartbreak,  written during his lawsuit with his former manager,  that probably hit so close to home for Springsteen that it would have changed the tone of \\"Darkness\\".  How else to explain this song remaining hidden in this arrangement for so long?   It is accompanied by many lighter, romantic, 60's-influenced pop songs along with some power pop confections that against guitarist Stevie Van Zandt's wishes never made the original Darkness record.  \\"Beacuse the Night\\" appears here complete with Patti Smith's lyrical enhancements (this one needed a new vocal as it was one of the unfinished tracks in 1977).  As expected,  The Promise sounds like a cross between the feel of escape in Born to Run and the more claustrophobic feel of Darkness (where no one seems able to escape their small town).  You can hear the struggle between substance and celebration, and of course see it in the \\"Making of Darkness\\" video.    Clearly a must have for anyone who loves rock and roll and especially the Boss.
B001FB5634|5.0|We've come to expect 'End of the World' movies as being one giant action picture, but The Road is so far removed from that, and scary in how realistic it very well may be.  If you want action, then check out those other movies.  If you want realism and and an incredible performance by an actor however, just watch Viggo Mortensen in this one.  Fans of Mortensen could never be disappointed in the completeness that he gave to this role, both physically and emotionally.  Intense and brilliant in a hopeless world.
B000JPIB8Y|2.0|I've heard a lot of people speak of this book. Truthfully, I just couldn't get into it. The beginning grabbed me and then dragged me through the rest. It was painstaking to get through, very slow paced. Not recommended in my eyes.
031603438X|5.0|Anyone having even a passing interest in contemporary music, with emphasis on the creative process, will be delighted with the 564 pages contained in this book. Keith Richards, with assistance from James Fox, has located his literary voice. His intellect, acerbic wit, passion, keen observation and brutal honesty are in abundance and greatly illuminate this brilliant memoir. The book succeeds and pays dividend to the reader on several levels. It provides a vivid portrait of what is was like growing up in post war London. An austere period which influenced and shaped, in Keith's case, the foundation for launching the Rolling Stones. Keith's observations on the 40 year evolution of popular music and the associated artists, many obscure, that greatly influenced the British and U. S. culture, prove very insightful.   Equally interesting are his observations, as co-founder of the Stones, of the bands milestones throughout the past four decades. His detailed comments into the creative process with particular emphasis on song craftsmanship and the recording process are fascinating. The extended explanation of his guitar techniques offers a comprehensive instructional workshop to any aspiring musician interested in mastering this instrument.  I personally appreciated the literary approach of allowing certain artists, friends and family members to speak and shed light, from their perspective, on subjects related to the author's story.  It was incredibly generous on his part to enable that so frequently throughout the book.  His candor and frank honesty relating to evaluating his actions as well as his assessments of other musicians and notables are extremely refreshing.  The decade long encounter with heroin is documented in incredible unvarnished detail. The toll it took on K.R., his friends and family member was immense.  Particularly telling are the premature deaths of young, promising artists whose careers and lives were cut short through drug abuse.   It should also be noted, that there's an abundance of pictures included, many never seen before in major publications.  All in all, a very entertaining and rewarding read.
B000066C6F|5.0|anyone who watched this for plot and charecter development please, either get over yourself or simply step in front of the next bus you see.  i like john travolta as an actor, well i have liked him for the last 15 years or so, i think he can play a bad guy with the best of them, but i have been ruined since seeing jamie running around in spandex for the entire movie. her in a unitard sweating and gyrating around is reason enough to buy 20 copies of this movie just to make sure you have one to replace when you wear out the first copy.  the only thing even close to this as sexy is her striptease in \\"true lies\\" and even then its a far 2nd.  i am a sexist and i am ok with that label women as \\"perfect\\" as JLC deserve the admiration that only a sexist can supply  JLC if you read these, you single handedly made spandex and lycra a verb noun and adjective all at once and areobics a form of foreplay  i thank you
B0045LK31Q|5.0|I came across The Orb on Gilmour's website. Before that I had never heard of them. And this album is fascinating. Very cool two jamming sessions. The sound quality is fabulous. The beats and Gilmour's guitar are mind blowing. Much recommended.
0812973992|5.0|Colum McCann    If you are looking for a `feel good' read, this probably is not the best book choice for you. But if you are looking for a book of depth and perception, that can capture a mood and essence of each character perfectly, I highly recommend Let the Great World Spin. This is NYC of the seventies  - a period of Vietnam War unrest, drugs and prostitution - with the World Trade Center Twin Towers looming as a backdrop. Where were you when Philippe Petit made his daring high wire crossing between those two towers?      Let the Great World Spin starts softly, establishing a mood from which all characters emerge. Lives begin to mesh and collide. Events encircle his characters, so fully fleshed that they creep into your psyche while you're not looking. McCann's chapters depict events - at times sordid or disturbing, at times fascinating or outright humorous - yet each in its own way gripping and compelling. McCann's characters come alive through his uncanny ability to literally step inside their heads, with artistry that extends far beyond that of a fine storyteller. This author literally becomes the soul of each character, enveloping and permeating each persona as he translates their underlying emotions and thoughts through conversation, action and interaction.    McCann's adeptness with language enables him to paint landscapes, portraits and events with an artist's eye. Pick up a copy Let the Great World Spin and get ready for a memorable read.    Lois W. Stern  Author of Sex, Lies and Cosmetic Surgery  and  Tick Tock, Stop the Clock ~ Getting Pretty on Your Lunch Hour
B00402FGE4|4.0|We as a family have become intrigued by this cast of characters.  It is a refreshing new take on the original show.  It is somewhat more mysterious & unpredictable which makes you wanting to see what is going to happen next.
B000002GY9|5.0|At the time I rite this, Small Change has 71 reviews and averages 4.8 stars. There's a reason for that. Few albums have produced such a consistent expression of mood: 1970s diners, strip joints and bus stations; you're down on your luck, so drown your heartbreak in booze.      I think five songs are brilliant. Tom Traubert's Blues is one of my all time favorites, although it's pretty heavy and I'm not always in the mood. Two concept songs - Step Right Up and The Piano Has Been Drinking - are of the type that only Waits can do. And then there are the two songs I consider the heart and soul of the recording: Invitation to the Blues (\\"And you feel just like Cagney, she looks like Rita Hayworth\\") and Bad Liver and Broken Heart.     The rest of the songs are good to varying degrees (Jitterbug Boy is underrated, IMHO). The only one I ever skip over is the title track, which doesn't entirely work for me, and anyway, spoken word songs just don't have the repeat impact as the musical tunes. Still, that's a minor quibbler. This is a masterpiece.
0805047905|3.0|I ordered this book as well as the Caterpillar one for my nephew I had it sent to my address so I could sign it to him and then send it to them. The reason I picked this book is that I remember vividly have my 1st grade teacher reading this book to the class, and how much I loved it. When I received it the books were muuuuuuuuchhh smaller than expected and it just didn't bring about the same feeling of excitedness to send to my nephew. The book is as big as 2 hands side by side.
B001UV4XFQ|1.0|1 disc blu-ray + dvd. wanted 2 disc so I can keep the blu-ray one and give the dvd one to my girl.
0399226907|3.0|I ordered this book as well as the Brown Bear one for my nephew I had it sent to my address so I could sign it to him and then send it to them. The reason I picked this book is that I remember vividly have my 1st grade teacher reading this book to the class, and how much I loved it. When I received it the books were muuuuuuuuchhh smaller than expected and it just didn't bring about the same feeling of excitedness to send to my nephew. The book is as big as 2 hands side by side.
044654759X|2.0|I have read several of Nicholas Sparks novels to date with \\"A Walk to Remember\\" being the only one I whole-heartedly endorse. The others were either just okay or too over the top.      This one was odd in many ways. The protagonist, Katie/Erin's abusive husband, perpetuates the cliche of the evil man who tries to justify his actions by referring to the Bible. At first I found the chapters from the husband's point of view compelling. But while spending a bit of time in Kevin Tierney's mind serves to reveal vital information about his character and motivation, spending too much time there left me tired and ragged and ready to move on. There's only so much \\"I love her, I hate her, I love her, I hate her\\" that is necessary to set up the story. Nicholas Spark's heavy-handedness in this regard was like using a hammer to attach a thumbtack. When the climax to the story occurred, rather than being concerned about what happened to any particular character I was just relieved to finally get the whole thing over with. Kind of like enduring a root canal.    The oddest thing of all was at the end of the book when Katie realized something that I can only make sense of by assuming she was absolutely insane. (Note to new love Alex - I wouldn't let this woman too close to your children...)    Speaking of which... isn't it a little far-fetched to believe the whole episode with Kevin didn't have any negative affect on Katie and Alex's relationship? What about Alex's kids? Aren't they going to have nightmares for the rest of their natural lives? Or is Katie supposed to be so lovable they'll just settle down with her as their new mom and live happily ever after? I find it all too unbelievable.
B0013D8LOK|5.0|People who thought this movie had no humor are just completely immune to subtlety. But I guess my entire home town is too, because my mom and I were the only ones who burst out laughing in the theater when that first corpse bounced on its head.    And why do people keep saying JD can't sing? I think he has a fantastic voice. I got chills when he was singing A Little Priest.    It's too bad the commercials downplayed the fact that this was a musical though. Some people I know who hadn't heard of it before were unhappily surprised by that fact. I'd like to think they would have enjoyed it if they'd had fair warning. It IS a little jarring to have a musical awkwardly sprung on you.
0783225547|5.0|This movie is awesome. It was well acted, scored and directed. The effects were amazing and it had a really good story line. If you haven't seen this movie I encourage you to see it. You don't know what you are missing. Whatever you do don't look back!
B00433TO52|2.0|You get what you pay for, and you can get so much more for just a couple cents more. In this Kindle ebook, stage directions fall right inline with the text, undelimited, hard to distinguish from the dialogue. Also, the speaker's name is not offset. The Mobi edition [[ASIN:B000WCWVDA Complete Works of William Shakespeare. 154 Sonnets, Romeo and Juliet, Othello, Hamlet, Macbeth, Antony and Cleopatra, The Tempest, Julius Caesar, King ... Cressida, The Winter's Tale & more (mobi)]] is just a few cents more and puts stage directions in brackets and tabs in the speaker's name. Those are subtle differences that actually make a huge difference when reading the play.
B00436GNVC|1.0|Endlessly is a rushed, strained shell of what Duffy is capable of doing.  Her vocals are out of tune, the songs are weak and there is not one catchy tune in the whole bunch.  Let's hope her next attempt is more planned and thoughtful.
B0043A0U94|5.0|Ok, I've had this album seversal times on cd: the original US Columbia cd, Mastersound gold disc and the 1998 remaster. The first 2 are alright but the 1998 remaster has far too much treble, is louder and uses compression. I prefer my compact discs to sound warm and natural rather than cold, digital and harsh like the 1998 remaster. And this Audio Fidelity disc succeeds in spades. This cd has NONE of the issues that plague modern mastered cd's today, such as limiting & compression. In fact, its' quite the opposite. The mastering is natural and the music shines through.    First of all, the disc was mastered by Steve Hoffman. As any audiophile is aware, Steve is among the best in the business. Also, Steve uses only the original master tapes. Also he stays in the analog domain until the last possbile second. This accounts for the warm sound of his mastering.     Now, lets get to the topic at hand...the sound quality of this disc. This is by far the best sounding version of 52nd Street I've heard. I hear things I've not noticed previosuly. The bottom end is not goosed, it sounds natural. The sound of the late Doug Stegmeyer's bass sounds as if he's playing next to me. The sound of Liberty DeVitto's drums have real punch. On previous cd's, they've sound either flat or squashed. That's not the case with here. Even the hi-hat cymbal has some nice resonance.And the midrange on this cd is sweet and Billy's vocals are highlighted as a result. The biggest revelation of all is how much more noticeable the guitar playing of Steve Khan is. In particular his rhythm on \\"Stiletto\\" and latin flourishes on \\"Rosalinda's Eyes\\" are things I've never noticed before.    Do not let a previous review scare you away. I listened to this cd on headphones and  there are none of the issues a previous reviewer mentioned. There's no tape drag or dropouts. I'm not sure what the reviewer heard, but he's off-base.    Bottom line: go snag this cd before it goes out of print. It sounds great, even at high volume...the louder you play this, the more things revealed. This cd is pure ear candy. You will not be sorry you purchased this.
B00436GNVC|5.0|Best album of the year! I have bought so much hyped CD:s this year. Finally, Duffy comes along showing that there are people out there who still cares about music, as well as recording quality. If you really loved her first album, buy this one. An album filled with hart and soul, and not a copy of the first one.
0066620996|1.0|This item was not NEW as stated!!! It still had the Half Price Books price tag on the front cover. If I wanted to buy it used, I'd go to Half Price myself and spend alot less than $15!!!
B00377V6J2|5.0|Always being a huge Albert King fan and then along comes SRV with his 1st recording of Texas Flood with John Hammond Sr. back in '83, and my first thought after my 1st listen was thank you higher power for bringing this young dude along in the ilk of Albert and also instilling the blues/blues guitar music back into the world at that time. And of course Stevie took off from there and everyone knows that history. I have had this CD for years but the part of this DVD that really caught my attention is when Albert was doing a slow blues solo and he was bending over face grimacing with sweat, eyes closed and then straightens up and opens his eyes and stops playing and exclaims \\"wow\\" because it was like he went somewhere else in the blues zone and kinda reacted like where am I. Priceless! Albert was really diggin' on Stevie's playing and each cheering each other on during their solo playing. Definitely one of those special moments for these two blues greats and lucky for us to have a recording history of it to witness. Sad that SRV was taken away from us and such a young age and Albert saw you few times live which was great and may you rest in peace!
0060922583|5.0|This book started me on my journey into researching metaphysical concepts. It practically jumped off the shelf at me at a time when I needed it most.  It is written very clearly and finally answers a lot of the questions I have had.
B002N5N5M0|5.0|This whole series has me hooked.. I have to buy the season and then find a block of time that I can sit down and watch the season all at once. It took me a day and 1/2.  I will watch the first week and then I have to watch the next week right away.  We are always left with so many unanswered questions. I can't wait for season 5. The last program to capture my attention like this was the Tutors. Season 4 of Dexter had a couple of \\"Wow! I didn't see that one coming\\" moments for me. This is hard to do because I am very good at figuring out the plot line before anyone else. I write my guesses down and I am usually right or very close to right. Debra's weeping in the parking lot brought me to tears. It was such a powerful performance. She is great. The secret daughter;that was another surprise moment. Rita, I didn't see that coming until the phone rang. Oh! what an ending. John Lithgow is the scariest man in TV and Movies, when casted that way.  The writers are doing a great job with the Lindsay material. I can't believe I missed the books for so long. I'm reading them now.
1932100660|5.0|We were sent a copy of this book by a friend who lost her son to colon cancer. She sent this a few weeks after my husband was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer of the thymus which had spread to his liver, lymph nodes, bones and caused one of his lungs to collapse to 1/5th of its usual size. The prognosis was grim eventhough he is very young and has lived a fairly healthy life style.     It took us a while to read this book as we were emotionally devestated and had a hard enough time just keeping up with the medical handouts given out by our oncologist and his support staff. I have to say though that it was by far the most impactful piece of literature that we have come across on our journey. After reading this book our entire family became and remains vegan.     My husband, miraculously, is in remission. We know a handful of people who were diagnosed with \\"incurable\\" disease--including cancer--who dramatically changed their diet and are still living decades later. Do yourself a favor and read this book. You can make up your own mind once you have read it cover to cover. Don't let anyone decide for you--its too important of a decision not to be as informed about it as you can be.   ****  The comments regarding Dean Ornish's work are also highly valuable esp if you know someone suffering from heart disease
0307473708|5.0|We rarely buy a book after we have watched the TV or movie version.  Watching the Showtime presentation of Dexter has at times interfered with the reading of this book. We always like to read the books first. However, this book stands alone as a good read. It even outdoes the TV show in some spots. Now we want to go and get the other books in the series to read. The whole concept behind Dexter is a rather interesting one and while the gore is sometimes freaking us out the story line keeps you engaged. If you are into the crime scene and suspense, these are the books for you.
B001AQMBKA|5.0|I bought it new, but the price was better than those in the book stores, even with the 40% coupon!  I have now bought the entire series, but didn't think of Amazon until the last one.  I would have saved more if I had!
B0012GMXLU|5.0|\\"1916\\" is one of Motorhead's better albums, and was recorded with the former 4-man lineup of Lemmy, Phil Campbell, Wurzel, and Phil \\"Philthy Animal\\" Taylor.  All compositions are well-written and well-performed. The quicker tunes have a real sense of urgency about them, and a couple of ballads also grace the album with surprising sensitivity.  This is a strong Motorhead album, and is undoubtedly a great introduction to the band, if one has not heard them before. Definitely worth the money!
B003V5PPZG|5.0|I think this album is awesome. It has some different sounds and it shows that LP is not afraid to change.
B003JTHESA|5.0|\\"The Final Frontier\\" is a really solid CD by Iron Maiden. This is an album which grows on the listener, if he or she will keep an open mind. The compositions are generally classic Maiden, the title track notwithstanding. At least these guys are experimenting with heavy metal as it applies to their sound, which is immediately recognizable.  All of the vocals and instrumentation is heartfelt, and I find the lyrics to be fairly inspirational. Great CD, and a great experience listening to it. This CD is definitely worth the money, if one will let it grow on him or her. Fantastic!
0307593525|5.0|Knew of Julia Child for years but never really knew why she was so famous until the movie Julie and Julia. The book is very detailed and the recipes are wonderful! Good and BAD - lots of butter!
B001U887OW|5.0|Crocs rock! I use these as slippers. I own at least 6 pair of Crocs over the years and recommend them highly. They are light and have arch support, come in all colors and wash up with soap and water. I use them as my camp shoes when backpacking and always appreciate how light they are and how good my feet feel after 10 miles or so a day!
B003UESJF6|5.0|Megamind is something of a mix, but a good one. On the one hand, it takes the existing traditional tropes of comic-book superhero and supervillain and works within them, but at the same time it ventures into territory that one rarely sees, going one step beyond the traditional to answer two questions: (1) What really makes a supervillain truly 'bad'? and (2) What happens when the supervillain unexpectedly wins?<br /><br />The film starts off with a traditional hook - Megamind apparently falling to his doom - and then flashes back to the beginning, with the origins of the two classic protagonists, superhero Metro Man and supervillain Megamind, each sent out as an infant in a spacepod from their respective doomed homeworlds. From there, however, things begin to take a twist.  Megamind is the supervillain, but more from bad luck than anything else (Metro Man's pod lands in a mansion where he is adopted by rich parents who give him everything, Megamind's pod on the other hand lands in a penitentiary where he is adopted by the inmates).  Megamind doesn't become a supervillain so much out of evil as much as lack of options, his main talent apparently being wreaking havoc and scaring the hell out of people. He and Metro Man become enemies/rivals in a series of confrontations where, in Megminds own words \\"Our battles quickly got more elaborate. He would win some, I would ALMOST win others!\\".<br /><br />And, in classic comic-book tradition, a plucky news reporter, Roxanne Ritchie, and her hapless and socially inept camerman, Hal Stewart, are always on the scene when one of Megamind's schemes unfolds, with the result that Roxanne gets abducted so many times that it becomes almost routine (\\"Alligators, yeah, mm-hmm. I was thinking about it on the way over...\\").<br /><br />But things take an unexpected twist when, in spite of all the glitches, Megamind's scheme actually works and Metro Man is apparently destroyed, leaving only a skeleton bearing his cape behind. At first Megamind is ecstatic, but after only a few days the supervillian finds himself at a loss as to what to do next.  What _does_ a supervillain do when he has no superhero to challenge or to be challenged by?<br /><br />In his existiential angst, Megamind unexpectedly ends up talking to Roxanne, albeit disguised as Bernard, a museum attendent at the Metro Man Museum. From her, he gets the inspiration to create a new superhero to restore the balance in his life. Unfortunately his plan goes hideously awry when the recipient of his superhero formula turns out to be Hal, Roxanne's inept and all too flawed camerman.<br /><br />And once again the story turns back to the question of just what makes a supervillain truly bad. Hal isn't evil per se, but he is lazy, petulant, completely self-centered and prone to tantrums when he doesn't get his way.  Highly destructive tantrums once he discovers that he, as the intended new superhero Titan, has powers that put him beyond anyone else's control. Jonah Hill as the voice of Hal/Titan manages to perfectly bring out these serious flaws in Titan's character that result in Titan becoming a far more menacing threat to society than the ostensibly 'evil' Megamind ever was.<br /><br />Craftsmanship-wise, everything in Megamind works well. The animation is colorful and eye-catching, the character design superb, and the voice actors distinctive and entertaining (Will Ferrell as Megamind, Brad Pitt as Metro Man, Tina Fey as Roxanne Ritchie, Jonah Hill as Hal Stewart/Titan, and David Cross as Minion). There are also a lot of references and in-jokes worked in, some fairly obvious (Minion's exo-suit with the diving helmet head and gorilla-like body are a direct take from the classicly-bad scifi film Robot Monster) and fairly subtle (the museum attendant Bernard is voiced by Ben Stiller, who played a museum guard named Bernard in the two Night At The Museum movies).<br /><br />Though the film was released at the theaters in 3D, you won't miss a thing seeing it on a DVD.  Quite frankly, the whole 3D thing is a waste in most movies that have come out with it and Megamind is no exception.<br /><br />Highly recommended for anyone who enjoys good animation with entertaining characters and story.a waste in most movies that have come out with it and Megamind is no exception.    Highly recommended for anyone who enjoys good animation with entertaining characters and story.
0307594777|5.0|The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo is the first book of the series. Excellent story line. A very good read. Lisbeth Salander asocial person who is a computer hacker & has a photographic memory helps & assists Mikael Blomquist a fallen journalist who has been convicted of libel against wealthly businessman Wennerstrom. Together Lisbeth & Mikael discover who killed \\"Harriet Vanger\\" some 40 years earlier. The second book \\"The Girl Who Played With Fire\\" continues where book one ends. Sex trafficking & murder. All evidence is pointing to Lisbeth Salander as the person who committed the crimes. Mikael must prove to Lisbeth, himself & police that she did not commit the crimes. Though a little slower as more characters are introduced. But still a good read. Book Three is the last & final installment of the trilogy this book is extremely slow as more of the corruption with Swedish government is introduced & schemes are created for the story line. Again Mikael comes to the aide of Lisbeth Salander & tries to give her a voice within the government to tell her side of the story...<br /><br />Also each book made into movies Swedish with English subtitles the movies filmed very close to book storyline. Beautiful film with Stockholm as the backdrop.
1439133948|4.0|Lois McMaster Bujold's Cryoburn is a return to the Miles Vorkosigan series after a gap of some years, which is good news for the many, many fans of the earlier books.  It is, admittedly, rather on the light side as Vorkosigan books go, but still an enjoyable read. Though it could stand alone as an individual novel, I would advise any readers unfamiliar with the series to start with the earlier books to get the full context of this new addition.<br /><br />A few years have passed for Miles as well, mainly evident in the fact that he and Ekaterin now have four children, though wife and family are largely off-stage through most of the book. The main plot of the book deals with Miles, in his capacity as Imperial Auditor, investigating a cryogenics corporation on a world called Kibou-daini, assisted by his bemused but resourceful Barrayaran Armsman, Roic.  And as always, things have gone horribly wrong and the book opens with Miles wandering lost through an unfamiliar landscape, drugged and hallucinating and wearing only a hospital gown:<br /><br />\\"Turning the corner into another unlit street or access road, which was bounded on the opposite side by a delapidated chain-link fence, Miles hesitated. Lookming out of the gathering gloom and angel-rain were two figures walking side-by-side. Miles blinked rapidly, trying to resolve them, then wished he hadn't.<br />--The one on the right was a Tau Cetan beaded lizard, as tall, or short, as himself. Its skin rippled with variegated colored scales, maroon, yellow, black, ivory-white in the collar around its throat and down its belly, but rather than progressing in toadlike hops, it walked upright, which was a clue. A real Tau Cetan beaded lizard, squatting, might come up nearly to Miles' waist, so it wasn't _exceptionally_ large for its species. But it also carried sacks swinning from its hands, definitely not real beaded lizard behavior.<br />--Its taller companion... well. A six-foot-tall butterbug was definitely a creature out of his own nightmares, and not anyone else's.  Looking rather like a giant cockroach, with a pale pulsing abdomen, folded brown wing carapaces, and bobbing head, it nonetheless strode along on two sticklike hind legs and also swung cloth sacks from its front claws. Its middle legs wavered in and out of existence uncertainly, as if Miles' brain could not decide exactly how to scale up the repulsive thing.<br />--As the pair approached him and slowed, staring, Miles took a firmer grip on the nearest supporting wall, and essayed cautiously, \\"Hello?\\"<br /><br />One of Bujold's major strengths as a writer is her ability to populate her stories with characters that make the story matter, and Cryoburn has its share. In addition to Miles as the central point-of-view character, Armsman Roic has his time on the stage, providing dry counterpoint to Miles' more manic approach to things. And new characters are introduced, most particularly Jin, a streetwise young runaway with a passion for pets into whose hands Miles unexpectedly falls. And Miles' formidible clone-brother Mark puts in a welcome appearance later in the story, along with his other-half, the equally formidible Kareen. I have long hoped, and continue to hope, that at some point Bujold will give Mark his own novel. And after having finished Cryoburn, I also hope that Jin will pop up again in some future novel.<br /><br />It should also be mentioned that while family is not at the center of the plot here, it is a theme that nonetheless runs through the book, as it does in so much of Bujold's work.  I think that is one of the reasons why her books are so popular is that her characters all have family ties that tug at them wherever they are and whatever they're doing, which makes them all the more accessible and real to readers everywhere.<br /><br />I can't say that this is the best of the series - I'd rate it three and a half stars if I could - but it is still an enjoyable read, and a necessary one if you're a fanof the series because it does lead up to a _major_ change in Miles' life that I cannot divulge. But everything that follows Cryoburn will be affected by what happens at the end. Recommended to anyone who is a fan of Bujold's work in general and of this series in particular.change in Miles' life that I cannot divulge. But everything that follows Cryoburn will be affected by what happens at the end. Recommended to anyone who is a fan of Bujold's work in general and of this series in particular.
0375842381|5.0|Curiosity is what got me to pick up this set from the local Library. Having seen the movie I was surprised at finding there was a Golden Compass novel. I had not known about it before that time and decided to see if it was the same story as the movie. I was pleasantly surprised to see the characters I had become familiar with in the movie, in the novel, I also grabbed the other two Subtle Knife, and Amber Spyglass. I was not disappointed. Philip Pullman created a beautiful world, and beautiful characters in this trilogy, Lyra's character is very like-able through out the series even when she's bratty, I couldn't help seeing her as a sort of little sister. Her quest to save her friend Roger from the Gobblers, meeting an interest cast of characters, the Witch Serefina Pekkala, Lee Scoresby, and Iorek Byrnison. And many more as the trilogy went on.    I especially enjoyed the growing love Lyra and Will had for each other. And was saddened when they had to split up again to go to their own worlds. It is such a think that many of us can understand, having found the one we loved only to be unable to be with that person. I give His Dark Materials, five stars, for being one of the best Fantasy series I have read.
B004BSIJ9Q|5.0|You wouldn't believe the reservations I had purchasing this album after being a huge K West fan and buying all his albums day one, I felt burned by his last album and was shy about picking this up.  I then realized however, that even the possibility of wasting a few bucks on picking up this album would be worth it since this man is not only a great producer but also a great rapper.  This is an AMAZING album.  After having his fun messing around with a different style on the last album I think he finally satisfied both his desire to change things up and my desire as a fan to hear the great beats and incredibly spun lyrics.  He delivers this on all levels.  The variations from song to song is pleasant and the entire album demands to be listened over and over to appreciate every beat and lyric that he's poured into it.  Highly recommended!
B00139W3NE|4.0|Having both seen the Movie, and read the book I can say I both enjoyed and was disappointed in some ways by the Golden Compass movie. What I enjoyed was how many things in the movie where like the book, such as Lyra hiding in the Wardrobe in the Retirement room, her quest to save her friend Roger from the Gobblers (General Oblation Board.) Meeting with the Gyptians, how she meets the Witches is different, but how she meets Iorek and later tricks the Bear King into facing Iorek in single combat. I liked how They got Dakota Blue Richards to play the part of Lyra, and especially enjoyed seeing Sam Elliot as Lee Scoresby plus the phenomenal voice work of Ian Mckellen (Who played Gandalf in Lord of the Rings trilogy, and Magneto in the X-men movie Trilogy. The movie was very enjoyable to watch, but at the same time much of the original story was removed, certain scenes where cut out or rearranged making it a whole lot different from the book which often happens. It's also disappointing due to the fact that there will most likely not be movies on the Subtle Knife, and the Amber Spyglass. Still this movie is worth seeing and is enjoyable for people of all ages, as long as you can get past all the religious references and keep an open mind when you watch it.
B0042RUMEQ|2.0|Uh, I thought I was buying a Nicki Minaj album ready to hear some super phat mean beat and hard lyrics by an artist who has put out amazing songs on her mix tapes and done incredibly cameos on big hiphop songs recently.  Unfortunately my computer downloaded an album that is super-pop with pretty weak rhymes.  Sad that it's her actual first album that's not a mix tape.  I really love the song \\"Your Love\\" and thought that it would be a rarity on the album.  Unfortunately a song that I have come to expect from Ms. Minaj is the rarity.  If you're looking for something similar to B.E.P. you will likely enjoy it.  As a pop album it's not bad, a 3 star album.  As a Nicki Minaj album it's a 1 star.
B002BSHWUU|5.0|No mention of the famous HEY JUDE album ?  Has everyone lost it ?  Probably only me.  I was so excited to find this set that I immediately looked for my favorite album but didn't find it.  At the time, I didn't realize all the songs from that album are in this boxed set.  It caught me by surprise because Hey Jude has always been my favorite Beatles album and still is.  Sorry for the incorrect previous posting. 5 stars for sure !
1401201911|5.0|There have already been very detailed reviews of this product and I fully support them.  This is one great book and is great for a long time DC fan or anyone who has even heard of Superman before.  It does not require the reader to have any further knowledge on the existing characters.  Great art and wonderful story.
B0042U94UQ|5.0|\\"Despicable Me\\" is about an aging villain named Gru (voiced by Steve Carell) who is being out done in the evil department by a younger and nerdier villain named Vector (voiced by Jason Segel). Vector was successfully stolen the great pyramid in Egypt, so Gru decides to out do Vector by pulling off the ultimate heist with the help of his minion army - stealing the moon!<br /><br />When Gru's plans are derailed by Vector stealing the shrink gun that Gru needs to steal the moon, Gru comes up with an evil plan to adopt three orphaned sisters to help him break into Vector's house to get back the shrink gun. But it's Gru who needs help once the girls move into his evil laboratory and take over the place and his life.<br /><br />This is a great movie with lots of action, tons of laughs and touching moments. Gru's despicable actions are over the top funny and the minions are delightful. Gru's transformation from \\"Super Bad\\" to \\"Super Dad\\" is both charming and laughable. And the animation and music in this movie are great. My son LOVED \\"Despicable Me\\" and so did I. My only criticism is that there are not more 3D scenes. But don't walk out of the movie when the credits roll or you will miss some really crazy 3D action that was saved until the end.
B002LMV7TS|4.0|This movie has become a Christmas favorite and ritual with my wife.  Jim Carrey is great and the supporting cast does a fantastic job.  I actually don't at all enjoy the original cartoon version of this movie.  It pales in comparison to this.  If you watch Jim play his character closely, he is hilarious.  I definitely recommend for all ages.
B002ZG99CC|5.0|vaguely remember the first Karate Kid movie, so I did not go into this remake with comparisons to the original film. I was just hoping for an enjoyable movie experience - and that is what I got.<br /><br />The Karate kid in this movie is Jaden Smith, the son of actors Will Smith and Jada Pinkett-Smith. Jaden plays the character Dre, a kid who is enjoying his life in Detroit until his widowed mother Sherry (played by Taraji P. Henson) moves the family to China due to a job transfer. Scenes of Detroit only make cameo appearances at the beginning of the movie as Dre and Sherry leave all their family and friends at their old Detroit apartment and drive to Detroit Metro Airport.<br /><br />Sherry dreams of a grand, new life in China for herself and Dre. But day one, Dre makes some very violent enemies from a group of boys that are masters at Kung Fu. In short, these boys beat the snot out of Dre and take away all his self-confidence and Detroit swagger. Enter Mr. Hun (played by Jackie Chan), the apartment building handy man, who turns out to be a Kung Fu master himself. Mr. Hun agrees to train Dre for a Kung Fu tournament where Dre will have to face his fears and fight these bullies to regain his life.<br /><br />I really loved a lot of the aspects of this movie. The story borrows enough from the first movie to be familiar, but updates it to be more current. Dre is a typical kid with a little too much attitude and swagger for his own good. He learns from his journey that respect, honor, hard work, and discipline are very important. He also learns that facing his fear is the only way he is going to be able to gain control of his life.<br /><br />Besides the good storyline, the visual beauty in this film is stunning. The movie is filmed in some of the most beautiful places in China including the Birds Nest, the Forbidden City, and the Great Wall. Even simple scenes in the movie are visually eye-catching.<br /><br />I love Jackie Chan and he was very convincing as a troubled man who finds redemption by helping Dre learn Kung Fu. Also Jackie gets to do some of his trick fighting in this movie which was funny and very enjoyable to watch. Jaden Smith is a fine actor and overall he shows acting skills way beyond his years. But at times I think his over the top comical jestering was too much an imitation of his father Will Smith's Fresh Prince antics.<br /><br />Some of my pains with the movie are some of the most exciting parts - the fight scenes. As a mother, it was hard at times to watch a 12 year old child get beat up by bullies, but the kids in the theater (including my son) had no issues with it. The movie is also long - almost 2 1/2 hours, but it did not feel long to me and my son said it could have been longer as long as there were more fight scenes.<br /><br />My son declared the movie was \\"awesome\\" and he will be going back to see it with his Karate school. I totally agree that this movie was fun, exciting, and beautiful to watch - definitely worth the money.re learn Kung Fu. Also Jackie gets to do some of his trick fighting in this movie which was funny and very enjoyable to watch. Jaden Smith is a fine actor and overall he shows acting skills way beyond his years. But at times I think his over the top comical jestering was too much an imitation of his father Will Smith's Fresh Prince antics.    Some of my pains with the movie are some of the most exciting parts - the fight scenes. As a mother, it was hard at times to watch a 12 year old child get beat up by bullies, but the kids in the theater (including my son) had no issues with it. The movie is also long - almost 2 1/2 hours, but it did not feel long to me and my son said it could have been longer as long as there were more fight scenes.    My son declared the movie was \\"awesome\\" and he will be going back to see it with his Karate school. I totally agree that this movie was fun, exciting, and beautiful to watch - definitely worth the money.
0307394549|5.0|I have made many cookies from the cookbook and each one has been delicious!  My favorite so far is the Chocolate Gingerbread - it's amazing!  I love that there are lots of beautiful pictures to to look at.  I would recommend this book to any level baker.
B003UESJF6|5.0|\\"Megamind\\" is the story of good vs. evil - or is it?  The movie starts out with a very cute blue baby being sent to earth in a rocket by his parents to save the infant from the destruction of the planet. As the little blue child is rocketing toward earth, a another child (who is very handsome) is also heading toward earth in a similar rocket. Both children crash land on earth, but to different fates. The beautiful child crash lands on a big estate where he is adopted by a rich family and given everything. While the little blue child crash lands in a prison and is adopted by the prisoners who teach him the ways of evil. Both children are highly intelligent, but due to their circumstances, one grows up to be a superhero -Metroman (voiced by Brad Pitt) and the other a supervillain - Megamind (voiced by Will Ferrell).<br /><br />Metroman and Megamind spend their lives locked in the classic battle of good vs. evil with Megamind always losing and ending up in jail. Until one day, Megamind's evil strategy works and Metroman is destroyed. Megamind takes over Metro City and turns it into a dump yard. But he comes to realize that being evil is boring without someone good to fight against. The rest of the story is Megamind coming to terms with his real destiny and realizing that looks and circumstances don't always have to dictate your success in this life.<br /><br />\\"Megamind\\" is one of those animated movies that has a lot more going on than meets the eye.  The animation is totally brilliant.  The scenes look almost real and seeing the movie in 3D is a must if you want to get the best animated viewing experience.  The ending is exciting with complex animation that is out of this world.<br /><br />The story is one of the most complex that I have seen in a children's film.  There are many twists and turns in the plot and, since I did not see the trailer, I did not see a lot of them coming.  But I find it rare in an animated film (and any movie where Will Ferrell is involved) to have such a rich storyline were good and evil are shown as shades of gray that can be affected by circumstances and our own choices in life.  Just because you are raised in a prison does not mean you have to be villain any more than being raised in a palace means you have to be a prince.<br /><br />The kids in the audience loved the obvious jokes and slapstick comedy, but there were many funny one-liners where only parents were laughing since you had to have seen \\"The Godfather\\" to understand the comedy references. Both my son and I loved \\"Megamind\\" and give it a thumbs up.ryline were good and evil are shown as shades of gray that can be affected by circumstances and our own choices in life.  Just because you are raised in a prison does not mean you have to be villain any more than being raised in a palace means you have to be a prince.     The kids in the audience loved the obvious jokes and slapstick comedy, but there were many funny one-liners where only parents were laughing since you had to have seen \\"The Godfather\\" to understand the comedy references. Both my son and I loved \\"Megamind\\" and give it a thumbs up.
B003YOWU1Q|5.0|First time through I heard it, I only liked one or two tracks. I think it took a couple more times to listen to this before the I started hearing subtleties in the music. For the Summer and Beg, Steal or Borrow are my favorites, but Repo Man and New York City's Killing Me are on the iPod rotation as well.
B002ZG98PA|5.0|About this time last year, Disney introduced Princess Tiana in the movie \\"The Princess and the Frog\\".  Well, Tiana is about to be dethroned as the newest Disney princess by none other than Princess Rapunzel in the new Disney movie \\"Tangled\\".<br /><br />Thursday, my son and I saw an advance screening of \\"Tangled\\" at the Birmingham Uptown Palladium.  But that was not my first time seeing the movie.  When I was in New York for the BlogHer conference, I saw an advance screening of the Disney movie \\"Secretariat\\".  Before \\"Secretariat\\" was shown, we bloggers were treated to the first 7 minutes of \\"Tangled\\", so I knew a few months ago that the Disney version of the story of Rapunzel was going to be out of this world exciting and like no version of the story that I had previously read.<br /><br />The movie \\"Tangled\\" starts out telling the Disney version of the story of how Rapunzel came to be trapped in that tower that we all read about as children.  Rapunzel's mother falls ill while in childbirth and is about to die.  To save his dying wife and unborn child, the king sends his army to look for a special flower that legend says can heal any sickness. The flower has been hidden for years by an evil old woman who has been using the flower's healing powers to keep herself young. The soldiers find the flower and the queen is healed and gives birth to Princess Rapunzel. Rapunzel is born with the power of healing in her hair and the old evil woman steals the baby and raises her as her own child so that she can use Rapunzel's power to stay young.<br /><br />The king and queen are devastated by the kidnapping of their child. So every year, on Rapunzel's birthday, they release thousands of lanterns in the sky in the hope that one day Rapunzel will return to them. Rapunzel (voiced by Manny Moore) has been trapped in the tower for 18 years and has never left, although she longs for freedom and to see the magic lanterns that mysteriously appear every year on her birthday.<br /><br />One day a handsome thief (voiced by Zachery Levi) steals Rapunzel's crown from the castle of the king and queen and that theft sets off a chain of events that finally releases Rapunzel from her tower and from the fears of the unknown that she has carried around since she was a baby.<br /><br />Like every Disney princess tale, \\"Tangled\\" is an exciting, complex story about goodness, evil, hate, love, fear, destiny, selfishness and total sacrifice.  Although we did not see it in 3D, this movie should be seen in 3D because of the bigger than life scenes in the film and the exciting storyline. I had to hold my son in his seat at times during the numerous chase scenes in the movie.<br /><br />Speaking of exciting, the character of Princess Rapunzel is no shrinking violet in this story. She is not waiting for a prince to save her in this tale. She is both sweet as pie and a tough cookie who fights evil better that any solider.  Everyone will love the intricate things that Rapunzel does with her piles of hair from using it as a elevator to turning it into every kind of fighting weapon imaginable. Despite the traditional story setting, Princess Rapunzel is a modern, highly intelligent princess who falls in love not with a prince, but with a bad boy with a good heart.<br /><br />I and my son really enjoyed \\"Tangled\\" and I predict when the movie debuts on November 24th, Princess Rapunzel will become the new reigning queen of the Disney Princesses. And if Disney were smart (if they have not already), they should buy the rights to Willow Smith's new tween pop song \\"Whip My Hair\\" and use it in the marketing of \\"Tangled\\".by Zachery Levi) steals Rapunzel's crown from the castle of the king and queen and that theft sets off a chain of events that finally releases Rapunzel from her tower and from the fears of the unknown that she has carried around since she was a baby.     Like every Disney princess tale, \\"Tangled\\" is an exciting, complex story about goodness, evil, hate, love, fear, destiny, selfishness and total sacrifice.  Although we did not see it in 3D, this movie should be seen in 3D because of the bigger than life scenes in the film and the exciting storyline. I had to hold my son in his seat at times during the numerous chase scenes in the movie.    Speaking of exciting, the character of Princess Rapunzel is no shrinking violet in this story. She is not waiting for a prince to save her in this tale. She is both sweet as pie and a tough cookie who fights evil better that any solider.  Everyone will love the intricate things that Rapunzel does with her piles of hair from using it as a elevator to turning it into every kind of fighting weapon imaginable. Despite the traditional story setting, Princess Rapunzel is a modern, highly intelligent princess who falls in love not with a prince, but with a bad boy with a good heart.    I and my son really enjoyed \\"Tangled\\" and I predict when the movie debuts on November 24th, Princess Rapunzel will become the new reigning queen of the Disney Princesses. And if Disney were smart (if they have not already), they should buy the rights to Willow Smith's new tween pop song \\"Whip My Hair\\" and use it in the marketing of \\"Tangled\\".
B002JCSRKC|5.0|I love these boots!  They go on and off with such ease, are comfortable, and cute.  They definitely keep your feet dry.   I have worn them in the snow and slush with warmer socks and think they are great !
B002ZG98Z0|2.0|Sex and the City 2 starts two years after the end of the first movie. Carrie (Sarah Jessica Parker) and Big (Chris Noth) are married, but Big is more interested in watching TV than living the New York high life with Carrie. Samantha (Kim Cattrall) is at the top of her professional game, but in need of lots of \\"vitamins\\" to keep the symptoms of menopause at bay. Charlotte (Kristin Davis) is now a mom of two less than perfect children who are driving her crazy and Miranda (Cynthia Nixon) hates her job at the law firm where she has worked like a dog to make partner. So the girls all go on the ultimate road trip - a one week all expenses paid trip to Abu Dhabi. I had high expectations of a great film. But something strange happened on the way to the Middle East.<br /><br />The sparkle that these characters once had didn't show up much and the whole movie seemed forced from beginning to end. As I sat there wondering what was missing, I realized that the characters were swallowed up by a storyline that went for fun over substance. The events were all so over-the-top that the characters were not allowed any space to develop. Even the clothes got lost in the backdrop of Abu Dhabi. Every so often I would see glimpses of the sparkle, like when Miranda got Charlotte drunk so she could admit that motherhood ain't all roses or when the girls karaoke to the girl power song of all time or when Samantha finally had it out with the uptight men of Abu Dhabi, but those moments were far too few.<br /><br />After two and a half hours, I left the theater thinking this movie just did not do the characters or the clothes justice. It was a cute movie, but I was so hoping for more. It's a shame really. But I guess when you leave \\" New York City\\" out of \\"Sex and the City\\", something is bound to be a little off.
B0036EH3U2|5.0|Got this at a special price...and it did not disappoint!  What I was surprised at was how much better this show looks in HD...and how much more impressive a feat it is because of that!  With so many spaceships, explosions and cylons around, it would have been really easy to see if they skimped on anything...but they didn't.  Great box set, a great show...made even better in blu-ray!
B004AKCME8|5.0|This movie is about a young owl named Soren (voiced by Jim Sturgess) who is in awe of a story told to him by his father of a group of solider owls called \\"The Guardians\\" who fought and won a war many years ago that brought peace to the owl nations.  It is said that \\"The Guardians\\" live in a magical tree on the other side of the sea and they appear when owls are in trouble.<br /><br />One day Soren is pushed out of the nest by his evil brother and they are both captured by the spinster owls of St. Aggie's.  Soren's brother joins the owls in their plot to take over the owl nations, but Soren refuses and is put to work gathering metal pellets to make a strange machine that the owls of St. Aggie's plan to use to kill \\"The Guardians\\".  Soren makes friends with another owl named Gylfie (voiced by Emily Barclay) and they both escape and set off on a quest to find \\"The Guardians\\".  The rest of the story is about their adventures along the way and their battle to bring peace to the owl nations.<br /><br />This movie is stunningly beautiful to watch.  The 3D effects and the animation make for a visually stimulating experience.  The story is also inspiring.  Soren's belief in a legend about the power of good over evil gives him the courage to fight against seemingly insurmountable odds in his attempt to save all the kidnapped young owls.  There are times when the movie is a little dry, but the excitement at the end totally makes up for any slow scenes.<br /><br />One word of caution on taking young children to see this movie. Even though this is a cartoon, the movie deals with themes that include the cruelty of war, prisoners of war and the kidnapping of young children. The most exciting scenes in the movie are the battles, which are graphic in parts so this movie is really not appropriate for children who get scared when confronted with these themes. My ten year old son is the perfect age for this movie. He loved every minute, especially the brutal fight scenes. We will definitely see more about these owls since the end of the movie was setup perfectly for a sequel.<br /><br />\\"Legends of the Guardians - The Owls of Ga'hoole\\" is a beautiful, enjoyable and exciting movie that is just made for 3D.  I would highly recommend seeing it.hese owls since the end of the movie was setup perfectly for a sequel.    \\"Legends of the Guardians - The Owls of Ga'hoole\\" is a beautiful, enjoyable and exciting movie that is just made for 3D.  I would highly recommend seeing it.
030726999X|5.0|I just adored this trilogy series and felt the final text gave a satisfying conclusion to the tale.<br />Don't start with this book -read all three in order
B004DK5CW4|5.0|The movie \\"Secretariat\\" is based on the real life story of Penny Chenery, owner of the racehorse Secretariat, who won the Triple Crown in 1973.  Penny (played by Diane Lane) is a housewife and mother of four children. Her father (played by Scott Glenn) owns a horse racing farm that has been losing money for years. Although Penny grew up in horse ranching, she has allowed life and the times to define her as just a housewife and mother. When her mother suddenly dies and her father has a stroke, Penny is left with the decision to either sell the farm and continue with her life as it is, or gamble on running the horse ranch and changing the fortunes of the ranch and herself. Penny decides to bet the ranch on one horse named \\"Big Red\\" who she feels has the right stuff to win the triple crown.<br /><br />Penny hires a very unorthodox trainer named Lucien Laurin (played by John Malkovich) and a demanding jockey Ron Turcotte (played by Otto Thorwarth) to train Big Red and all their efforts pay off as the horse is renamed Secretariat and starts to win race after race. But no one, save Penny, believes Secretariat has the intensity and stamina to win the Triple Crown. So she makes a performance guarantee to her investors that will cost her $6 million dollars if the horse fails to win.<br /><br />Me with Secretariat movie producer Mark Ciardi<br />In true Disney fashion, \\"Secretariat\\" is a movie with a wonderful story and a brilliant acting cast.  Even though I knew how the story was going to end, the movie made my heart pound and left me breathless as I got caught up in the storyline. I was totally rooting for Penny as she fought against being typecasted as just a homemaker.  She showed that a woman can have the brains and the tenacity to build a business and run it as successfully as a man.  The movie also showed the courage that it takes to live life by your own terms.<br /><br />Besides the great story, the movie cinematography was excellent. The horse racing scenes were out of this world exciting. The way the movie was shot, the audience is put at the level of the horse and rider and it gave me the sensation of being part of the race. \\"Secretariat\\" is simply beautiful and stunning to watch. The movie even contains actual footage from Secretariat's 1973 win in the Preakness Stakes. The cinematography is further enhanced by the music score, which contains moving African American gospel music.<br /><br />Disney has a real winner in \\"Secretariat\\". The combination of a great story with great acting and wonderful cinematography makes this film the total winning package.The way the movie was shot, the audience is put at the level of the horse and rider and it gave me the sensation of being part of the race. \\"Secretariat\\" is simply beautiful and stunning to watch. The movie even contains actual footage from Secretariat's 1973 win in the Preakness Stakes. The cinematography is further enhanced by the music score, which contains moving African American gospel music.    Disney has a real winner in \\"Secretariat\\". The combination of a great story with great acting and wonderful cinematography makes this film the total winning package.
142313494X|4.0|I first got acquainted with the book when I saw the trailer of its movies. Though I must admit I bought the book as a last choice but it's a choice I don't regret.<br /><br />After being expelled by several schools Percy is determined to remain in the Yancy Academy. But when he accidently vaporizes his maths teacher Percy realizes that he is not just another normal kid. Percy is not too overjoyed to find out that he is a half-blood and that monsters are out to get him. Now the only place safe from the monsters is the Camp Half Blood. But things start to get heated when Zeus, the God of Sky, accuses him of stealing his lightening bolt. Unless the lightening bolt is returned to Zeus before the solstice the Gods are threatening to go to war. Percy has to find the real thief and bring the lightening bolt back to Zeus before the time runs out.<br /><br />Percy Jackson, protagonist of the book , suffers from dyslexia and ADHD, which as he gets to know later are some of the many traits marking him as a demigod in character. Percy is friendly in nature and possesses a sarcastic sense of humour. He is loyal and brave. Percy readily stands up against injustice.<br /><br />Annabeth is the daughter of Athena. She soon becomes Percy's friend and accompanies him along with Grover in his quest to retrieve Zeus's lightening bolt. Her fatal flaw as accepted by her is pride. Though more headstrong than Percy she too is brave and loyal to her friends. Her passion is to become an architect and make something that lasts for an eternity.<br /><br />Grover is Percy's best friend and a satyr. Though at first he is appointed to search to for demigods in schools by going under cover as a student but he later joins Percy in his quest. Though he can't be described as brave in classical term but he is ready to make sacrifices to save his friends. Like all satyrs he too is a nature lover and is distressed by the pollution caused by the humans.<br /><br />The book is neither too fast for the reader to loose track of the story nor too slow to get the readers bored. We all have heard stories from the Greek mythology at some point of our life but Rick Riordon has woven the characters of these myths to form his own story set in the 21st century. Maybe that is what distinguishes this book from all other fantasy books.This book manages to carve a separate niche for itself.<br /><br />The representation of the Greek Gods in the 21st century style is not only interesting but also hilarious- like Dionysus drinking Diet Coke or Poseidon wearing khaki Bermuda shorts, and a Tommy Bahamas shirt with coconuts and parrots all over it. The story is written in the first person allowing the readers to see the situations from the point of view of Percy.<br /><br />The narration has the bluntness and sarcasm of the main character allowing the readers to have a greater insight of Percy's character. None of the characters are bland and all have well defined characteristics. The author has described each of his characters so well that the reader gets quite a clear sketch of all characters.<br /><br />Though the author has tried to make the characters connect to the readers but they sadly remain emotionally detached to the readers, at least it was so in my case. None of the characters managed to connect with me. Though this did not make the book any less likable but it gave me the feeling that something was missing which failed to make me wholly connect to the book. Even though the book is on the whole interesting but the reader is liable to get a little bored around the middle of the book. Even with its negative points it is a well written book and is a book that would be remembered by us because of its unique concept which sets the book apart from the others. For me this book surely does not come in the category of one time reads.<br /><br />It is a book which must be read by all at least once. The book reflects our thirst to succeed and to make our parents proud of who we are.The squabbling over power among the rich and the influential has been shown in the form of the Gods fighting among themselves and plotting to overthrow each other. This novel also depicts how we tend to lose trust even in our family members as we grow more powerful. Being brave does not mean being stronger or being fearless but having the power to face our fears.<br /><br />Overall :<br />Unique fantasy mixed with Greek mythology makes for an interesting read.<br /><br />Recommended?<br /> I would recommend this book to all fantasy lovers.shown in the form of the Gods fighting among themselves and plotting to overthrow each other. This novel also depicts how we tend to lose trust even in our family members as we grow more powerful. Being brave does not mean being stronger or being fearless but having the power to face our fears.    Overall :  Unique fantasy mixed with Greek mythology makes for an interesting read.    Recommended?   I would recommend this book to all fantasy lovers.
B000059R8Y|5.0|excelent cd good songs ,i ordered this cd because i got a copy at the library,fell in love with the whole cd.eric clapton does not let his fans down,i have no problem buying his cd cause,they are good one thing i like about eric is he has a wide range of music he can play.if you want a first clapton cd reptile should be the one
B002GHHHG0|4.0|I have to admit that Creepshow, an anthology of five creepy tales, is a guilty pleasure. It is Stephen King (who wrote the screenplay) at his most simplistic. Minimal character development, predictable plot twists, and a good deal of overacting. And yet, I love it, and it's one of the top 100 horror movies on IMDB. Why?<br /><br />Creepshow captures the garish, childish yet satisfyingly creepy and vengeful nature of the old EC comic books. The use of color is brilliant--deep blues, reds and greens, just like the comic book ink that came off on your hands (or your Silly Putty); the dialogue would fit in balloons above people's heads, with lots of ARGHs and ERRGs. There are even interludes advertising hand buzzers and X-ray glasses. Creepshow does an excellent job of capturing our love of strange tales and weird stories, and our nostalgia for simpler times.
B0045K97DW|5.0|i am a big fan of eric clapton,when i first played his new cd clapton,i didnt think much of it./the more you play and listen to it,it kind of grows on you.the music is goodtime stuff.only complaint i have is the bonus song take a little walk with me should have been on the cd and not a bonus.
B00005R24K|5.0|Sam Raimi is known for breaking genre boundaries, and it all began with his first feature film, The Evil Dead, which is a cross between a zombie flick and a demon flick. Five college students take a holiday in the woods of Tennessee, spending the weekend in a creepy, run-down cabin with a cellar that doesn't like to stay closed. Exploring the cellar, they find, yes, in the middle of Tennessee, a Sumerian Book of the Dead, the Morturom Demonto. They also find a recording of someone reading passages from the book; playing it, they unwittingly awaken slumbering demons who are looking to possess the first human they find. That's the demon part. The zombie aspect is that these demons like to eat human flesh.<br /><br />A truly inventive horror film, with excellent camerawork, scriptwriting, and directing.The Evil Dead was made in a era of slasher sex-and-death horror. There is very little slashing, no sex, a whole lot of death, but a whole lot of undeath, too. Evil Dead doesn't fall neatly into any genre, especially given when it was made. The psychological trauma that the demons exact is fascinating and creepy at the same time. They have no plan, no ultimate motive, no guiding Lucifer--they are merely annoyed at being awoken and enjoying their playtime. Bruce Campbell does an particularly excellent job in playing a man that is struggling to retain his sanity and reason. And the ending is genuinely surprising and disturbing. Evil Dead is a one-of-a-kind movie.
0385341008|2.0|I like epistolary novels, and I liked the topic of the book and the historic background. Unfortunately, I found the writing cloyingly clever and overly cute. You know how in a sitcom, every character must make a joke upon leaving the scene? In the same way, every chapter in this book ends with a few clever parting words. Cue the laugh machine. Or maybe the rim shot. That gives the book a predictable and ultimately annoying rhythm.
0374158460|1.0|I tried. I really tried to like this book, but I felt tortured trying to get through it. Franzen needs to take the earphones off and get outside more. The noise in his head is apparently much worse than the noise he'd hear outside.
B000E1ZBGS|2.0|The best costume dramas are the ones in which you can't easily place the time in which the film was produced.  This one, unfortunately, was obviously produced in the early 21st century, what with the young ladies screeching and hooting in the parlor like guests on The View.  Stick with the A&E version!
0553056131|5.0|Someone once said, \\"The only difference between Science and Science Fiction, is that Science Fiction has already been where Science is going.\\"  This book makes me a believer in that statement.  Well written, decades ahead of his time, insightful, moralistic.  Recommend to anyone who likes to think deeply.
B003LR4QPE|5.0|Finally, we have the complete Works of J.S. Bach! The box is nice, the organization is great, the recording quality some great and some ok. I am not a music critic to know about great performers but I know a great work. Bach is Bach, music for enjoyment! Personally I use Bach for work, it allows me to enter in a flow and cram far more work than my associates.     As for packaging, extremely poor! A collection like this deserves a higher quality package (box). Sacred Mvsic Collection is a great example of a nice simple package!    Anyway if you like Bach get it!
0143112724|5.0|This edition is perfect for the bibliophile, writer or grammarian.  If you read this book the way I do, like a friend as beloved as \\"The Wizard of Oz\\" or \\"Pride and Prejudice,\\" this classy volume and lovely set of illustrations give those hideous editions a run for their money.  I can never return to my worn gray copy again!  (And the book, of course, is the absolute gold standard on all things grammar - a win-win to the literary world!)
B003EYVXT6|3.0|Bottom-Line:  If nothing else Splice is solid Saturday afternoon entertainment.<br /><br />Is Adrien Brody the next Cuba Gooding Jr.?  After Cuba won the Oscar for Best Supporting Actor in Jerry Maguire (1998), his star has faded into obscurity.  There have been some bright spots like Men of Honor (2000), but overall Cuba's career has careened into the \\"straight-to-DVD\\" genre.<br /><br />And so it seems to be going with Adrien Brody.  After turning in a masterful performance in The Pianist (2002) and winning the Best Actor Oscar for same, Brody movie choices have been questionable.  Again there are bright spots like Cadillac Records (2008), but most of Brody's work after The Pianist has been forgettable.  Even his turn in King Kong (2005) opposite of Naomi Watts was, well, unremarkable.  Which brings us to Splice (2010), wherein he stars opposite Sarah Polley.  The movie itself is not terrible, but I have to wonder what Mr. Brody is doing in a movie that could very well have premiered on the SyFy Channel!<br /><br />Story-Line<br /><br />Written and directed by Vincenzo Natali, Splice centers on two scientist who also happen to be lovers: Clive Nicoli (Adrien Brody ~ The Pianist, King Kong, The Affair of the Necklace) and Elsa Kast (Sara Polley ~ Go, John Adams, The Secret Life of Words) as they experiment with gene and such.  The pair, who work for a budding startup company have been successful in splicing together genes to rudimentary create life.<br /><br />But Elsa is impatient and wants to create a more viable life form, so without Clive's knowledge she creates Dren portrayed by French actress Delphine Chaneac.  When Clive discovers Elsa creation he wants to terminate it, but Elsa wants to keep it alive; she prevails and Dren starts to grown and manifest abilities heretofore unknown to humans, like the ability to breathe fully under water.  But then again Dren, a female isn't exactly human; she is a new spices spliced together with compatible genes...<br /><br />My Thoughts<br />Let's face it Adrien Brody is not exactly leading man material.  His looks are a bit too unconventional for that slot in the Hollywood hit making machine.  When cast in the role of leading man in the past, the story has suffered; such is the case with Splice.  Mr. Brody and Ms. Polley had zero chemistry, and were not the least bit believable as a couple, let alone a pair of budding biologists.  Their one love making scene together was almost painful to watch.<br /><br />While Ms. Polley is known for her rather emotive face and plays it well here, Mr. Brody played his role rather understated and, dare I state, emotionless.  He was just not that fun to watch, I felt nothing for his character, because I felt nothing from his character.<br /><br />On the other hand I very much enjoyed Delphine Chaneac's performance as Dren (nerd spelled backwards in case you missed it), the life form that is really not sure what it is supposed to be, or do.  The actress has very engaging eyes and she used them to good stead in Splice.  Her performance is doubly laudable given she did not speak for most of the film. And I enjoyed Ms. Polley's performance as well.  The real interaction in this film takes place between Elsa and Dren that is where Splice shines.  In many ways Brody is just an afterthought and that is a shame because he is capable of so much more.<br /><br />The premise behind Splice is timely; we live in an age where gene therapy and gene splicing is moving ahead at a pace where once again the science is getting ahead of morals. I enjoyed that aspect of the movie.  But also enjoyed some of the dark and unsettling paths Natali took the movie down.  Dren develops a closeness to Clive that can only lead once place, and Elsa has demons of her own that force her to turn on Dren...<br /><br />If nothing else Splice is solid Saturday afternoon entertainment and the movie is most enjoyable when it embraces and revels in its science-experiment-gone-wrong (dark) horror persona.  Let's hope Adrien Brody's next movie is a little closer to The Pianist and far, far, away from Splice.next movie is a little closer to The Pianist and far, far, away from Splice.
B000005RMY|5.0|This CD is a delight.     It can be hard going for the later Sisters' fan but there are some real gems on here. Stand outs are Alice, Temple of Love, Body Electric, Andrenachrome and Gimme Shelter. The production is what it is - a band beginning their life and this adds to the charm. I actually love The Damage Done and it shows what a great flying start they had.     The Reptile House EP tracks are not for the uninitiated. You have been warned. They are somewhat dark and atmospheric compared to the rest. You can tell that the band wasn't really involved and these are solo tracks.    Another must have Sisters album and it preserves the genius known as Andrew Eldritch.    5 STARS
0880381736|5.0|Bottom-Line:  If you are a lover of the fantasy genre, the \\"Dragons of Autumn Twilight\\" is definitely a book you want to read.<br /><br />There is something infinitely relaxing and I dare say invigorating about loosing yourself in a great book, no matter its genre.  But there is something really special (for me) about a book that takes leave of this world and transports me to another realm altogether, populated with characters that are not known to this world but are nonetheless familiar.  A world where magic and magical creatures are the norm; where dragons are real and come in assorted colors, and God's and Goddesses battle for the souls of men, and dwarf alike.<br /><br />Such is the world of Kynn as told in the \\"Dragons of Autumn Twilight\\" the first book in the DragonLance Chronicles series written by Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman and commissioned by TSR, the folks responsible for fantasy role playing game Dungeons & Dragons.<br /><br />The story centers around a group of eight reluctant heroes and old friends, who separated and have now come back together because evil is afoot in the land once more.  The evil is personified in the guise of the Goddess Takhisis, known as the The Queen of Darkness, one of the three God's creators of the world.  Takhisis has begun her unleashed her plans to incarcerate the world under her flag and dragon of blackness.<br /><br />Meanwhile, Paladine, the God of Light, attempts to hold her back and appears in many guises throughout the story, but his most noble persona is that of a gold dragon. The Third God, Gilean, remains neutral in all conflicts, using his powers to keep the pendulum that swings between darkness and light in check; his persona is a white dragon.<br /><br />The companions--Half-elf, a Knight, a retired Dwarven metalsmith, barbarian Princess, a barbarian warrior, a gold-skinned mage and his twin warrior brother, and a Kinder--are drawn together by Devine intervention (Paladine) and begin a journey into lands held by elves, evil dragons, and armies of clerics and mages with immense and supernatural powers. Their mission: retrieve the mythical DragonLance in an effort to stave off darkness.  Their journey will take them into the midst of the conflict consuming Kyrnn, but the struggle is one well know for it is the eternal battle between the forces of light those of against darkness.<br /><br />\\"Dragons of Autumn Twilight\\" is a beautifully written book that drew me in from the first page.  Weis and Hickman are a gift writing team and they have crafted a book that takes the reader to Krynn and make you part of that world.  The heroes, whom we get to know well, are flawed and quintessentially human, vested with as much emotional baggage as any human would be; that is the familiar the hook.  The unfamiliar are the dragons of all colors: gold, white, silver, copper, bronze, red, brown and black.  Unfamiliar as well are the Elves of Silvanesti, Qualinesti, and Kagonesti, the mountain dwarves of Thorbardin, the hill dwarves, and wizards, both good and evil.<br /><br />Checking in at some 447 pages \\"Dragons of Autumn Twilight\\" is a lengthy book, but well worth the effort.  The book is shot through with some of the most beautiful poetry I have ever read, being specially commissioned for the book.  Also the beginning of each chapter is marked by a picture that gives the reader a sense of what is to come within; clever.<br /><br />If you are a lover of the fantasy genre, the \\"Dragons of Autumn Twilight\\" is definitely a book you want to read.  No review can do justice the sweeping vista that unfolds with the pages of the book; it must be read, and read again the fully appreciate the depth of its story.<br />Principle Characters (descriptions from the book):<br /><br />Tanis Half-Elven: (reluctant) leader of the group.  A skilled fighter who detest fighting, he is tormented by love for two women--the tempestuous swordswomen, Kitiara, and the enchanting elfsmaiden, Laurana.<br /><br />Sturm Brightblade: Knight of Solamnia. Once revered in the days before the Cataclysm, the knights have since fallen into disgrace.  Strum's goal--more important to him than life itself--is to restore the honor of the knighthood.<br /><br />Caramon Majere: Raistlin's twin brother, warrior.  A genial giant of a man, Caramon is the exact opposite of his twin.  Raistlin is the one person he cares for--and the one person he fears.<br /><br />Raistlin Majere: Caramon's twin brother, magic-user.  Though his health is shattered, Raistlin possesses great powers beyond his young age.  But dark mysteries are concealed behind his strange eyes.<br /><br />Goldmoon: Chieftain's Daughter.  Bearer of the blue crystal staff, her love fro tribal outcast Riverwind, leads them both on a dangerous quest in search of the truth.<br /><br />Riverwind: Grandson of Wanderer.  Given the blue crystal staff in a city where death flew of black wings, he barely escaped with his life.  And that was only the deginning...<br /><br />Tasslehoff Burrfoot: Kender, \\"handler.\\"  Kender--the nuisance race of Krynn--are immune to fear.  Consequently, trouble just seems to follow them home.<br /><br />Flint Fireforge: dwarf, fighter.  Tanis's oldest friend, the ancient dwarf regards the youngsters as \\"his children.\\"<br /><br />Other Books in the Series:<br /><br />Dragons of Winter Night (DragonLance Chronicles, Vol. II)<br />Dragons of Spring Dawning (DragonLance Chronicles, Vol. III)he days before the Cataclysm, the knights have since fallen into disgrace.  Strum's goal--more important to him than life itself--is to restore the honor of the knighthood.        Caramon Majere: Raistlin's twin brother, warrior.  A genial giant of a man, Caramon is the exact opposite of his twin.  Raistlin is the one person he cares for--and the one person he fears.      Raistlin Majere: Caramon's twin brother, magic-user.  Though his health is shattered, Raistlin possesses great powers beyond his young age.  But dark mysteries are concealed behind his strange eyes.      Goldmoon: Chieftain's Daughter.  Bearer of the blue crystal staff, her love fro tribal outcast Riverwind, leads them both on a dangerous quest in search of the truth.    Riverwind: Grandson of Wanderer.  Given the blue crystal staff in a city where death flew of black wings, he barely escaped with his life.  And that was only the deginning...    Tasslehoff Burrfoot: Kender, \\"handler.\\"  Kender--the nuisance race of Krynn--are immune to fear.  Consequently, trouble just seems to follow them home.       Flint Fireforge: dwarf, fighter.  Tanis's oldest friend, the ancient dwarf regards the youngsters as \\"his children.\\"      Other Books in the Series:    Dragons of Winter Night (DragonLance Chronicles, Vol. II)  Dragons of Spring Dawning (DragonLance Chronicles, Vol. III)
B0042816YK|1.0|Flatulent.<br /><br />a movie chock full of fortune-cookie spirituality. An overly rich, self-absorbed, self-indulgent American woman goes off to the &#34;mystical east&#34; to &#34;find herself&#34;, leaving a trail of destruction in her wake, good life and a good husband.<br /><br /> what dreck! This is what passes for spiritual discipline?<br /><br />I watched 80% of this trash before turning it off.<br /><br />However, recently I ate a pizza at L'Antigua Da Michele Pizzaria in Napoli, Italia, and it really is not only the first pizza place in the world, but the best Pizza in the World!
B001E45XT4|5.0|This is just great, i spent like 4 hours wearing them and the only thing i can feel around my ears is nothing... it doesnt sound too loud but not too low, i cant even hear my thoughts :), the mic doesnt support noise cancellation but everybody can listen to u quite good. Sounds even better than my  Logitech X-530 XD.<br /><br />One thing i didnt like about this is when they are around my neck, u got to push yourself to take a look rite and left even to look down xD. I dont know about u but i will spend my money in this again ;)
B002UXRGLG|5.0|Although the fact that this dvd set is an awesome learning tool for toddlers, teens & adults, & I highly recommend it to ALL, my grandaughter prefers the voice/narration of \\"the girl\\". See, when my grandaughter first viewed LIFE in the United States it was with the a voice she has come to recognize & enjoy as soothing. Hence, my purchasing of a second LIFE dvd package with the voice of Oprah Winfrey as the narrator. My grandaughter is 4 & will be giving this as a gift to her cousin age 3 who loves the giant animals stomping in it & yes, I am an Oprah fan :)
B0034CQPZ0|4.0|The CDs are great! Using them with struggling readers, makes my job a lot easier. The only downside is the packaging does not indicate which chapters are on each disk, so you have to figure out that part as you play them.
B004C3DLJ8|5.0|Great for kids, funny for adults and I even cried a little at the end and I'm 36 years old!
B00065MDRW|5.0|What can I say?  Despite somewhat diverse tastes in music, this is one album I have listened to again and again and never get tired of.  My only complaint - the quiet instrumental passage in \\"Moonchild\\" is a bit too long.  But hey, even The Beatles had their \\"Revolution Number Nine\\"  I see this came out in 1969 - my God, where did 40 years go?....
B00005N6KG|5.0|I bought two of these. One for my disabled daughter where earbuds was not a good choice. The other for my laptop. It is lightweight and seem to do everything headphones are suppose to do. The price was right.
B000002B7O|5.0|Ozzy Osbourne's \\"Diary Of A Madman\\" #16, in 1981, is the ultimate Ozzy platter.  I was never a big Black Sabbath fan in high school, but by the time I went to college my music education grew.  \\"Blizzard of Ozz\\", was a four star release, than I saw the cover of \\"Madman\\" and knew this had too be a hard rock classic, I was right.    \\"Over The Mountain\\" and \\"Flying High Again\\"- back to back hits, you still hear these today on rock radio.  \\"Over\\" hit #38 on mainstream rock, \\"Flying\\" hit #2, one of Randy's greatest solos.    \\"You Can't Kill Rock 'N Roll\\"- A great acoustic, electric rocker, 7 minutes of bliss, hit #41 mainstream rock.  \\"Believer\\"- is a moody rocker, \\"Tonight\\"- is one of Ozzy's prettiest ballads.  \\"S.A.T.O.\\", - solid guitar solo by Randy.  And then you get the classic title track, a tremendous epic, with the ELO string master Louis Clark.    This is the last album with Randy Rhodes who died tragically after the album's release.  Ozzy has never matched this effort.
067144901X|5.0|We read this book to our granddaughter when she was newborn.  The sound of the words was very soothing.  Now at age two we read it before nap time.  Maisie shouts the animal sounds before we get to the word.  It is her very favorite book!
B003UESJJC|5.0|Amazing lossless audio, very active and strong, and almost perfect video: stable image even in fade-ins, intact grain, great color balance and no visible edge enhacement... just a few white speckes here and there. Wonderful package and lots and lots of additional material. I'd buy it again with my eyes closed. Regions ABC confirmed.
B000W91RUG|5.0|This will be the beginning of a long time run with this show...Its well written and appeals to your funny bone, but definitely  not for younger audiences...
B0042816YK|5.0|The movie and the book are awesome. A must see for anyone who is trying to find who they are.
B003NFM3JK|3.0|I can really appreciate this film for its beauty - take any single frame and freeze it and it looks like an exquisite oil painting.  I also can appreciate that it stays very close to the original telling of the story.      That being said, I sat down to watch it with my 3 young children (ages 4,5, and 8) - and while they're not traumatized - had I reviewed it beforehand I wouldn't have had them watch this one.  I should have been more diligent, but I guess I was thinking \\"Disney\\" and trusted it.      Anyway - I enjoyed it, but for any other parents of small children you might want to watch it after they're in bed.
B00004WX4U|5.0|A lot has been written about Grace, so I'll spare the details. The vinyl version brings the album to life in a way a CD or MP3 can not replicate.
1439133948|1.0|If you are a fan of LMB, this review may be of some use; if you are unaquainted with her and the Vorkosigan saga, it may not (perhaps the last full paragraph is useful).    As I wrote in my review of John Varley's Mammoth, John Varley is a brilliant writer, and you should read almost everything he has written (Mammoth excepted), and count yourself lucky for having read his work.  You should consider Lois McMaster Bujold in the same (world) class, and read almost everything she has written (Cryoburn excepted), and count yourself, again, lucky.    Cryoburn is weak soup, devoid of the thought, plot, charcterization and dialogue that Bujold (extra)ordinarily delivers by the boatload. I speculate she wrote it to either fulfill a contract obligation or as a bridge to a relaunch of the saga. You have no idea how much I hope it is the latter.    If you are an LMB fan, you can buy this book in support and solidarity. What's a few bucks for all the pleasure she has delivered over the past 25 years (she must have started writing when she was 14).  If you are not familiar with LMB and the Vorkosigan saga, don't buy Cryoburn; you don't want to risk being put off from a body of work which is in all respects wonderful.    LMB: highest recommendation.    Cryoburn: pass.
0307588343|4.0|Larry's rendition of the demise of Lehman Brothers is spot on.  He was there, in the trenches, and witnessed it all.  His book is excellent at explaining complex subjects, parceling out the requisite level of blame where it belongs and, perhaps most importantly, illustrating how corporate hubris can work to the detriment of all.  Many Lehman people have been fortunate to move on.  There are many, many more, both at Lehman and elsewhere, who lost their jobs as the result of the crisis and are continuing to struggle.  Larry's book opens everyone's eyes to the dangers of a culture where senior management is out of touch, and where the repercussions are far reaching.
B004132HZS|5.0|I am a Sherlock Holmes purist, and don't have a lot of tolerance for cheap knock-offs. I grew up reading Sir Arthur Conan Doyle and still hold Jeremy Brett, and that series of Sherlock Holmes dramatizations, to be the quintessential example of excellence. When I first heard about this series, I was extremely skeptical, especially with the idea of moving Homes and Watson into the modern age, and I had no love, whatsoever, for the Guy Ritchie/Robert Downey Jr. version, which I thought was absolutely, undeniably atrocious. BUT, I am a huge fan of Steven Moffat and Mark Gatiss from their work on Doctor Who, and I think Moffat and Gatiss have done an exceptional and superb job in updating both Holmes and Watson, while staying true to the original spirit of Conan Doyle's stories and characters, and the transition into the 21st Century feels almost effortless. The stories themselves -- \\"A Study In Pink\\", \\"The Blind Banker\\" and \\"The Great Game\\" -- are sharp, savvy and very well written, and well within the vein of Conan Doyle's work.<br /><br />As for the cast, well, they were cast perfectly. Benedict Cumberbatch looks like Sherlock Holmes, and Martin Freeman is perfect as Watson, and the interaction of the two characters is flawless. Cumberbatch deftly portrays the disconnected, but calculated weirdness and coldness of Holmes, almost with a tinge of the unhinged -- or the zen master -- take your pick; Martin Freeman, as Watson, while warmer and more inviting than Holmes, has his own streak of deliberateness and danger. Mark Gatiss, as the beleaguered Mycroft, adds his own bit of eccentricity and mystery. The character of Moriarty is the one character that I'm still kind of ambivalent about. I can't decide if that was miscast or not. Andrew Scott, who plays Moriarty, lends a certain insanity to Moriarty, but in a way, he seems to lack a certain gravitas, or authority, that Moriarty should command. Perhaps that will change or morph with the upcoming second series.<br /><br />But overall, you cannot go wrong with this first series. It's exciting, it's fun, the writing is top-notch, and it's true to Conan Doyle's original version, even though it's updated and resides in the 21st Century. I've said it before, and I'll say it again: Steven Moffat is a genius. He's one of the best screenwriters out there, and Mark Gatiss isn't too far behind. These guys have done fantastic work, but truly shine with their re-imagining of Sherlock Holmes, and his faithful sidekick/brother-in-arms, John Watson.you cannot go wrong with this first series. It's exciting, it's fun, the writing is top-notch, and it's true to Conan Doyle's original version, even though it's updated and resides in the 21st Century. I've said it before, and I'll say it again: Steven Moffat is a genius. He's one of the best screenwriters out there, and Mark Gatiss isn't too far behind. These guys have done fantastic work, but truly shine with their re-imagining of Sherlock Holmes, and his faithful sidekick/brother-in-arms, John Watson.
B001E5FYS8|5.0|Man on Wire is so interesting and brings you back to the 70's! You will never ever see anything like it ever again! It is mind provoking! Watch it!!!
1439152780|4.0|I won't rehash the story, others have done so admirably.  But if you are looking for finely established characters, interesting historical references, and an intriguing mystery then pick up a copy of Kate Morton's The Distant Hours.  My only regret is that there isn't a real book called The True History of the Mud Man. It would be my very next Kindle purchase.
B001IBIHQ4|5.0|Prompt delivery. Much appreciated. This was a gift, so I personally did not watch this copy, but I own my own copy and loved the miniseries.
B002XTBE6K|5.0|This is by far my favorite version of the movie. Absolutely loved Johnny Lee Miller as Knightly! and Romola is a charming Emma. Unlike Gwyneth Paltrow (whom I love)  Romola was the right age I felt for Emma. She brought a \\"immaturity\\" to the character that Gwyneth didn't. The age difference was more obvious between Johnny and Romola. It was closer to Jane's written characters. Johnny portrayed Knightly with his usual class he brings to every character he plays. He had an ease in the character, like it was meant for him. He had little facial expressions that were  adorable in dealing with Emma. Saw it on TV and had to have it for my collection!   It is worth buying if your a Janeite!!! Bravo to the cast! I should of course mention the awesome Michael Gambon who plays Emma's father, Mr. Woodhouse....  he is so amazing! I'm gonna watch my copy over and over!!!!
B0044LK8J4|5.0|This CD is fantastic.  The Silent Night in German made my Mother in Law cry, remembering it as a child.  A diverse and wonderful dusting of holiday cheer.  A fine addition to the other brilliant albums release by Pink Martini.
B0038YWPZS|5.0|We recently spent a wonderful weekend at Mountain Lake Hotel in Pembroke Virginia, the location for much of the movie. We had lost our original dvd of the movie and were disappointed when we got home to not be able to look scene by scene for the locations we had visited. We purchased this collector set and could not be more pleased. We were glued to the tv for an entire weekend watching the movie, the extras and special features and reading the enclosed materials. Truly a good purchase and a wonderful memento of one of the greatest movies of all time.
0783225903|5.0|I wanted a copy of this video that I had rented as a VHS ten years ago or so.  The DVD video and sound is excellent.  I'm very happy with the purchase.  Some friends pointed out the ending of Repo Men is very similar to the ending of Brazil.
0393965953|5.0|This is one of my favorite novels of all time. I was a little daunted by the length but once I started I just couldn't put it down. Thackeray's satirical depiction of his characters is hilarious. The ever-resourceful Becky Sharp uses her wits and her many talents to survive and climb up the social ladder. She is always driven by self-interest and can certainly hold her own against the best of them. I found it impossible to hate her despite her constant scheming and plotting. On the other hand Amelia Sedley, who is portrayed as a good and kind timid little thing was very hard to stomach. Her constant pining for George Osborne who is a shallow and ridiculously conceited (but oh so handsome!) prat made me dislike her immensely. She is totally blind to his character and worships him in a really pathetic way. He is her shining sun and all else fades into the background when he deems to honor her with his presence. When he neglects her all she can do is think of him. What's worse is how she completely uses Dobbin to no end. She knows on some level how much Dobbin loves her (but never admitting this to herself), she keeps insisting they are just friends, yet she certainly has no scruples in accepting his gifts to her and her son. I really couldn't stand her. Dobbin is a gentleman in every sense of the word and I thought way too good for pathetic whiny Amelia. I thought his only character flaw was his blind adoration of his friend George, just like Amelia. I found Becky to be the most realistic (in that people are generally self-serving) and entertaining character. No one who has read this novel can call it boring.
B001AZI1W8|2.0|music sounds good, but the direction is not very good.  this is a concert video not a music video.
B0042JTDXK|3.0|I've been a huge Josh Groban fan for almost a decade now, and agree that Illuminations is a major detour from his usual style.  The big question, I suppose, is: What do the fans think of this new direction?    The reviews I've read here so far are mixed. Personally speaking, I understand every artiste's need to take risks at some point in his / her career, and always try my best to support their decisions.    However, I do feel that Illuminations is not a strong body of work in many aspects. The songs aren't memorable, the melodies are clumsy at times, and the arrangements do nothing to boost the already shaky material.    Saddest of all, Josh's usually soaring vocals fall severely short of the mark, and I don't think it has anything to do with age.     I'm still listening to the album repeatedly, hoping it will grow on me slowly, hence the 3-star rating.
B004FYGYO8|5.0|Wow...this was another good episode.  I didn't think they could keep it up.  I have no idea where they are going with this arc but setting up the VRA as the gestapo of today is interesting.  It actually made me feel uncomfortable about our civil rights...LOL.  I generally don't think about politics when I watch television...and won't delve too much into it...I just want to enjoy what I see without over-thinking things.  So...I enjoyed this epi and the ending...Hmm???  I've no idea what the hell happened.  A cliffhanger...darn it...when is the next episode. LOL.
B003MZ0I84|4.0|Having followed Maroon 5's career from the beginning, I enjoyed their early work ( Songs About Jane ) but really got into the groove with their 2008 release, the immensely enjoyable It Won't Be Soon Before Long.     Hands All Over continues that trend - radio-friendly songs that effortlessly stick in your head - and since I've only listened to it a couple of times, I'm pretty sure I'll grow to love it even more.    While I agree that Songs About Jane remains their strongest album, there's absolutely nothing wrong with having some fun. Hands All Over is great for blasting on the car stereo or your iPod.     4 stars! :)
B000001ELF|5.0|This is the best of the four solo albums! Ace coming into his own as a writer and leader and a man with something to say. If ever an artist came out from behind the shadow of his colleagues and defined himself as a formidable rock star of his era.
B0042MDAL8|4.0|I will not discuss content or acting because there are many reviews that do that and because almost all who may be considering buying this have already watched the movie in a theater. I will talk about this specific edition: Blu-ray, movie only.<br /><br />Those who care about extras and especially those who have friends who could use the included DVD are probably better off with the Blu/DVD combo edition. For those who only wish to watch the move, this is as good as the premium bundle and can be had for a few dollars less.<br /><br />This is what you get:<br /><br />- MOVIE ONLY - there are NO extras whatsoever<br />- BD Live (not an extra) gives access to trailers and other marketing material<br />- English and Spanish subtitles only<br />- Spanish is the only alternate audio track<br />- 1080p, 2.40:1 video<br />- DTS-HD Master Audio (English) and Dolby Digital 5.1 (Spanish) sound<br />- Cheap Blu case, the kind where the plastic has holes carved in it to save a few pennies<br /><br />I knew what I was doing when I ordered this edition because my long-term plan is to sell the individual movies and get the final 'boxed' edition holding all movies but I did miss the extras.<br /><br />For what it is, I can't find much to complain about this 'movie only' edition. It delivers what it promises. I don't particularly like the depressingly cheap looking case and, I believe, it's customary to include at least French subtitles and sound tracks on Blu-rays sold in North America but everything else is super so it's a 4-star.
0553805371|3.0|The book starts out quite well.  The last chapter on the Grand Design is quite shallow.  The computerized Game of Life is really a pathetic way to end the book.  Hawking is usually much better.
B00158K0S8|5.0|I have probably watched the movie Patton at least twenty times, if not more.  I've seen theatrical, VHS, DVD, and now Blu-ray versions.      The original film presentation in the theater, on VHS, DVD, and my old CRT TV was muted, grainy, and diffuse.  It is the image quality I distinctly picture in my mind for the movie.  The Blu-ray transfer though was anything BUT muted, grainy, and diffuse.  Regardless how the images have been scrubbed, the movie looks as if it was shot yesterday.  The images are sharp, clear, and bright.  At times the colors on the closeups are a bit too saturated, but not so much to be distracting unless you are a film purist.  When I popped the BD in the player to show my non-purist friends the Blu-ray version, without exceptions their only word was \\"wow,\\" quickly followed by \\"how'd they do that?\\"  I thoroughly enjoyed the Blu-ray version of the film and count it as one of the showpieces of my HD library.      The DTS surround sound is acceptable, a nice rendition from a time when surround sound was not the standard.  If you are a film purist, don't buy the Blu-ray.  If you merely enjoy clear, sharp images that give a familiar favorite a newly painted look, like a restored antique, buy the Blu-ray version.  You'll feel like you're watching the movie again for the first time.
B004BLJQOK|5.0|Incredible movie.    Even more incredible is the fact that I saw Let the Right One In first....yet Let Me In STILL blew me away.    Everything I liked about the first movie (and I did like it a lot) was improved here.  The little tweeks to the story manage to subtract unnecessary plots and add interesting new twists at the same time.  All the main characters were more sympathetic.  The cinematography was excellent.  The acting was amazing from all four main actors.  Those two kids should get some kind of award.  The entire movie rests on their backs and they deliver!  I'll be watching Chlo Grace Moretz and Kodi Smit McPhee in the future.  Pity anyone that shares a scene with them....bring your \\"A\\" game is all I have to say.      Don't expect a typical vampire or \\"horror\\" film.  This one has many more layers than that.  It's like an onion...peel away one layer and something else is there to make you think.  You find out in a hurry it's not just about vampires...it's about loneliness....and about the \\"horror\\" of childhood...and about love....and about the essence of good and evil.    It will make you think.
0596806027|3.0|... Some background on HTML5...<br />HTML5 is expected to be the next generation of HTML standard - It's meant to include \\"modern web features\\" like videos, geo data, as a part of the HTML standard - which HTML 4.01 was crafted back in 1999 - It's been 10 years!<br /><br />While the new standard is still under development, some of its features have already been implemented by different vendors in their latest browser product (Chrome, FFX 3.0+, IE8+, for example.) As always, you can find more details on Wiki.<br /><br />... Now, let's talk about the book...<br />In HTML5: Up and Running, Mark, the author, starts off by giving us a brief history on how HTML standard is formed. He then dives into, as the book title says, getting HTML5 feature up and running on your machine - From how to determine if an HTML5 exists in a browser, to demonstrate how to use the feature in a handful of simple and easy to understand example.<br /><br />You can find all the topics the book covers here.<br /><br />... The Goods...<br />#1 I really enjoyed the first chapter of the book - It talks about how the original HTML standard was crafted, how it transformed to HTML4/XHTML1, and how we got to where we are today. While this chapter does not truly serve any technical purpose directly, it helps us understand why we've such a nightmare today in web standard.<br /><br />#2 Overall feature \\"coverage\\" on HTML5 was great. The author explains the features pretty well, and I think he did hit all the key features in HTML5, which leads to...<br /><br />#3 Examples in the books are really simple and easy to understand. Even if you're a beginner in HTML, you should understand the examples easily, and should be able to use those features immediately on your site.<br /><br />... The Bads...<br />#1 Chapter 2 - Detecting HTML5 Features - seems to be over-repeating itself, a lot. While the author did explain how to detect each feature in great details, if you have done ANY javascripting before, after reading like the 3rd section of the book, you just want to say, \\"Yes I get it! Stop repeating yourself!\\"<br /><br />#2 Examples are too simple to a point that, on features that require more in-depth discussion (Like web-worker - HTML5's Javascript \\"multi-threading\\", canvas - HTML5's drawing utility), while it covers all the basics (Basically all the APIs on each feature.) it didn't talk about the practical details and how readers should go about implementing them.<br /><br />For example, how would web-worker react when you make AJAX requests behind the scene, and the browser's limited to 2 concurrent connections per domain? Who gets priority? How about 3D graphics?<br /><br />#3 Chapter 10 - Microdata - Seems to have a similar issue with Chapter 2 - All coders should understand how microdata works after seeing one examples. But the author repeated 4 examples that basically show the same thing.<br /><br />... Wrapping Up...<br />I enjoyed reading the first chapter of the book. While I do appreciate the materials in other chapters, I've a feeling that the book is written for a person who don't know much about technology and is trying to write some HTML5 feature - It keeps repeating itself to a point that I found it annoying.<br /><br />The book is a good read, but I don't think it is good enough to earn a permanent place on my bookshelf.t! Stop repeating yourself!\\"    #2 Examples are too simple to a point that, on features that require more in-depth discussion (Like web-worker - HTML5's Javascript \\"multi-threading\\", canvas - HTML5's drawing utility), while it covers all the basics (Basically all the APIs on each feature.) it didn't talk about the practical details and how readers should go about implementing them.    For example, how would web-worker react when you make AJAX requests behind the scene, and the browser's limited to 2 concurrent connections per domain? Who gets priority? How about 3D graphics?    #3 Chapter 10 - Microdata - Seems to have a similar issue with Chapter 2 - All coders should understand how microdata works after seeing one examples. But the author repeated 4 examples that basically show the same thing.    ... Wrapping Up...  I enjoyed reading the first chapter of the book. While I do appreciate the materials in other chapters, I've a feeling that the book is written for a person who don't know much about technology and is trying to write some HTML5 feature - It keeps repeating itself to a point that I found it annoying.    The book is a good read, but I don't think it is good enough to earn a permanent place on my bookshelf.
B000Z9PYJS|5.0|One of the best books that I have ever read. The author makes the seemingly impossible seem totally possible, from Bengal tigers in boats to meercats in trees. It is humorous and frightening, at the same time. It is a story of survival, Pi's and ours.
B0036EH3U2|5.0|This is the single best TV series ever. It is much better than Lost (IMO). I like Sci-fi, but I'm not a die hard fan (never watched star trek or anything else like it, have no desire to start now). On a whim watched the mini series and got hooked. My wife does not like sci-fi. She passed on the mini series but sat down with me half way through part two of the mini series and was hooked. We loved the series when it aired and could not wait for Saturday nights!<br />The Blu-ray looks awesome. The sound is incredible in DTS-HD Master! This new packaging (which I waited for) is better than the original release and fits inline with the rest of your movie collection.<br />Do yourself a favor and rent the first season. If you are hooked like me, buy the series with commentary etc.
B000QCS8TW|5.0|The only problem with this series of phenomenal books is that they are not completed and GRRM is taking his time writing the next novels. It's frustrating reading something so incredibly good and then waiting 5yrs+ for the ending. I suppose that you can't rush the writing process, but you definitely get the idea that GRRM has a very hard time focusing on writing the last 2-3 books of this series. So I'm not a writer and not an artist, but it's hard to get a taste of series so amazing and not feel the author has abandoned the fans.
B004529NKC|5.0|If I were rating Step Up 3D simply based on the acting or writing - you know, the usual movie criteria - then I'd have to give two stars out of five, at most. Heck, to this day I have trouble remembering the two lead characters' names because they were so bland and had zero personality. The only person I *do* remember clearly is Moose, played by Adam Sevani.     However, no one watches this sort of movie for the stellar acting or plot. There was one reason, and one reason only, why I watched Step Up 3D - the dancing! And in that respect, the movie more than delivered. The dancing is absolutely fantastic. It's the sort of movie that makes you want to get up and dance yourself, or attempt to, anyway. And for a dance movie, I don't think there's any higher praise.     Another surprising highlight of this film was the 3d! It might sound laughable, but I think Step Up showcases some of the best use of 3D since Avatar. No, really. I think the difference between Step Up 3D and all of those other post-Avatar movies is that most of the latter were filmed in 2d and later converted to 3d film, whereas Step Up 3D was conceived in 3d and filmed with 3d cameras from the start. With other movies that have been converted to 3d, the 3d seems like nothing more than a dumb gimmick meant to drive up box office receipts. Step Up 3D on the other hand fully utilizes 3d technology in order to make the dancing really 'pop.' Unfortunately, since 3d-capable TVs are still a relative rarity, most people who watch the movie at home won't be able to see Step Up in 3d format.     In short: The acting? Meh. The characterization? Non-existent. The storyline? Trite. The 3D? Surprisingly great! The dancing? OMG COMPLETELY AWESOME I NEED TO SIGN UP FOR A DANCE CLASS RIGHT NOW!! (<-- You get the idea.)
0446195529|5.0|Baldacci's \\"Hell's Corner\\" is another episode of Oliver Stone and the Camel Club. I was thoroughly entertained by this story and look forward to the next episode. I very much like the interaction of all the Camel Club characters in the continuing saga of former government asassin Stone and their efforts to keep him from going off the deep end from his past and present experiences with government conspiracies  and terrorist's plots. I don't understand why a movie has not been made about \\"The Camel Club\\".
B000ATQYT2|4.0|In this most recent release of the superb Muppet Christmas Carol, we are offered two versions on a single disk:     The first gives us the 16:9 anamorphic widescreen picture of the original theatrical release (and the framing of the scenes is definitely better, as that's the way it was shot)...But the signature song \\"When Love Has Gone\\" has, once again, been inexplicably deleted, which considerably dilutes the impact of the moment, particularly as it is reprised in the closing credits with (now) no earlier referent.     The second includes the missing song... But is formatted for a 4:3 ratio vacuum tube TV screen (and when was the last time you saw one of those?)       So, is the glass half full, or half empty? Both provide crisp video and clear audio, but neither is complete.     Next!
B000W746GK|5.0|It's very rare to find a film that equals its predecessor, in a series. Yet, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is equal to Harry Potter and the Sorceror's Stone (for which I've also left a 5-star review). The acting is still perfect, in my opinion. It's also nice to see the additions for the actors. Whenever I read about Dobby in the books, I always imagine him sounding just like he does in the film. Moaning Myrtle is funny, by anyone's standards. The quidditch sequence is also exciting and visually stunning. It's quite frantic, too, when Harry is being chased by a rogue bludger (in the first film, Harry is almost thrown off a bucking broomstick and, in this one, he's being chased by a bludger that's aiming for his head. WHY DOES HE STILL PLAY QUIDDITCH, WITH THESE RISKS!!!). It's also nice to see some character development. For instance, Hermione, in the first film, went from being a bossy know-it-all to a friend anyone would want to have. Then, in the Chamber of Secrets, she shows that, for the greater good, she's not afraid to break rules (the horror!). The scene after Malfoy calls her Mudblood and Hagrid comforts her is touching and well acted. It's good that we see more of Malfoy, as well. We see more of his and Harry's mutual hatred, and the part when Harry and Ron drink Polyjuice Potion and disguise themselves as Crabbe and Goyle and talking to Malfoy to see if he knows the heir of Slytherin is funny (Malfoy is a tad dense, not noticing that Crabbe acquires a mysterious and sudden stomachache). Ron's arachnaphobia is quite amusing, however it's a laugh out loud when he encounters spiders that are bigger than Harry. It's also nice that Hagrid is proven innocent. Many reviewers who have seen the film agree. It's also explained why the sorting hat thought of placing Harry in Slytherin. The lovable Fawkes is introduced. The plot, to the one percent of the world who don't know it, is that Harry, being maltreated at the Dursleys as usual, receives a warning from Dobby, the house elf, not to go back to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Harry ignores the warning and goes back anyway. However, Dobby's warning soon comes true. Students are petrified (literally!) and can't be revived. It seems that they might be able to figure out the culprit until even Hermione is petrified! It's up to Harry and Ron to save Hogwarts. However, people begin to believe that Harry is causing all these attacks! If this sounds good, it is. I give this film my highest recommendation. I recommend you watch it. It's definitely a film worth seeing!
0393338959|4.0|Joseph Stiglitz is a self-described Keynesian economist with strong opinions regarding the 2008 financial crisis and why he thinks that, while the \\"bailout\\" of the banks was absolutely necessary, the specific approaches that were taken were not best for the economy as a whole.  He is clearly a populist who is angered by government policies that he feels will only prolong the period of high unemployment.  His views are amply capsulated by chapter heading such as \\"A Flawed Response\\", \\"The Mortgage Scam\\", \\"The Great American Robbery\\", and \\"Avarice Triumphs Over Prudence\\".  I thought that his analysis of the origins and development of the crisis were very clear and thought provoking.  Likewise, I liked his analysis of how the \\"to big to fail\\" banks, using government officials who came from their ranks, misused the \\"bailout\\" money - instead of using it to make more loans, thereby helping small businesses to create jobs, used it for bonuses and dividends.  I found that my anger at this situation caused me to periodically put down the book so that I could regain my composure.<br /><br />I particularly liked his explanation of the very weak fundamental assumptions at the heart Milton Friedman's school of economic analysis.  While I think that he makes a strong case, one that I generally agree with, I cannot help but feel that perhaps he makes the case a bit too strongly.  Therein lies the reason why, even though I liked this book a lot and learned a lot from it, I can only give it four-stars.  Stiglitz's analysis of the Friedman approach makes the underlying assumptions sound so illogical and obviously wrong that one could only believe that those who would use them are either stupid or venal, and I do not believe that this is a fair description of this school of economics.  It is clear that I am getting only one side of the story and while it is not incumbent on Professor Stiglitz to present a balanced approach I feel uncomfortable without a stronger exposition of other approaches to the problems that the 2008 crisis has created.  This economics in this book is presented clearly and it makes a great primer on the subject, but it is a one-sided primer.  I suspect that Professor Stigletz would say that the Friedman approach is so clearly wrong that it does the reader a disservice to give it more space, but I am not so sure that this is the case.<br /><br />Note - this is a review of the 2010 paperback edition, which contains a 42-page Afterward that does not appear in the original hardcover edition.  This Afterward brings the book up to the summer of 2010 and in it the author shows that some of his worst fears have been realized, but also that some of the financial regulations that he thought necessary have been put into law, albeit in what he believes to be in an incomplete and \\"greatly attenuated\\" fashion, laying the economy open to a future and perhaps greater crisis.  If you have a choice I recommend this new edition.es to the problems that the 2008 crisis has created.  This economics in this book is presented clearly and it makes a great primer on the subject, but it is a one-sided primer.  I suspect that Professor Stigletz would say that the Friedman approach is so clearly wrong that it does the reader a disservice to give it more space, but I am not so sure that this is the case.    Note - this is a review of the 2010 paperback edition, which contains a 42-page Afterward that does not appear in the original hardcover edition.  This Afterward brings the book up to the summer of 2010 and in it the author shows that some of his worst fears have been realized, but also that some of the financial regulations that he thought necessary have been put into law, albeit in what he believes to be in an incomplete and \\"greatly attenuated\\" fashion, laying the economy open to a future and perhaps greater crisis.  If you have a choice I recommend this new edition.
B001MS7IBS|5.0|Fringe is one of those shows that came out of nowhere with very little hype. Created by talents like J.J. Abrams, Alex Kurtzman & Roberto Orci, it is the best new show of 2008. From the movie length, [And quality] Pilot, the the shocking last scene of the finale, Fringe season one will leave you enthralled.    Not only is the Series shot beautifully with state if the art special effects, but it has a top notch acting ensemble. Newcomer Anna Torv brings vulnerability, intelligence, and a kick ass resolve to Oliva Dunham. Fringe also stars the brilliant John Noble, as the Frankenstein like Walter Bishop, who has spent the past 17 years in an asylum, his estranged son Peter is called into action initially to sign his father out of St. Claire's, then to act as his fathers handler and assistant, and unofficially Olivia's FBI partner. He is played by the very talented Joshua Jackson. The rest of the cast is rounded out by Lance Reddick, Blair Brown, Jasika Nicole & Kirk Acevedo, [From Band Of Brothers].    Fringe Mixes cutting edge science, with Science fiction, Fantasy and Horror themes. At one moment it can be a seat of your pants thriller, and at the next you could be Laughing at one of Walter's antics.    As of Season three Fringe has gone on to be the best show on TV, if not in the Top three. anyone interested in watching Fringe, or has started late, definitely needs to start at the beginning.    The Season one Blu-Ray is beautifully presented, and is one of the best looking things I've ever seen on the format. The audio is also good, but perhaps not as stellar as the visuals. The set comes with a number of extras, including featurettes for every episode, several commentaries, deleted scenes and other special features.
B0043URV8M|5.0|Fabulous soundtrack.  I pre-ordered this item hoping my son would have it in time for his Nov 17 birthday, and as promised by Amazon.com he did received it on the 16th
0307463745|5.0|There are negative reviews and there are positive reviews. You can't make everyone happy, and you shouldn't try.<br /><br />For anyone who wants to or is working on starting a business it's a good book to help you clear you mind of stress. It's not a textbook on how to run a business from A-Z, it's a conversation with two guys who started a business and succeeded.<br /><br />I don't use their products, I just don't have the money. I picked up this book yesterday at B&N, when I went inside to get a book on incorporation. This is definitely a better purchase. I read it in one sitting. It's a good, easy read.<br /><br />One of the 1 star reviews, business professor, said that this is a metaphor for 37signals \\"stripped down product, very little substance and a high price tag.\\" But it works, people are paying them for the \\"stripped down product.\\" What's the problem? I don't understand.<br /><br />Clearly, what is taught in business school doesn't always translate into success. And when someone does it differently and succeeds? Lets hate them. Maybe more business students would succeed in starting a business if more would think for themselves. Too much groupthink these days.<br /><br />Snap out of it! Individuality matters, even in teams. Otherwise you would have a herd of cows, not a team if everyone thought alike.<br /><br />TO THE POINT: Buy the book and read it, it will take you 2-3 hours. Don't like it? Return it, Amazon is great with returns and get something else.
B000MTDRKE|5.0|One of those few c.d.'s where you are musically and lyrically completely content. You feel that you are actually getting a glimpse into Neil's soul as he deeply reveals his thoughts and amazing musical talents. As another reviewer said, as a christian, it speaks to your heart and mind. For all those Christians burnt out on bubble gum pop, here's your answer. Clear influences of Yes, Pink Floyd, Rush, and the list goes on. For those that want to cry and complain about the lyric content and christian lyrics the solution is simple: don't buy the c.d. I'm sure Neil and everyone else could care a less if you like it or not. Thank God for Neil Morse!
B001TKK39S|5.0|Bernstein went back yearly, practically, to continue with his Haydn project the entire time he was in New York. In retrospect these Haydn performances are one of his greatest New York Philharmonic legacies right up there with his Mahler cycle, but perhaps even more consistently excellent. He demonstrates the  'Classical' YIN to the more frequently remarked upon 'Romantic' YANG so well served in his Mahler. The performances of the six Paris Symphonies, Sym. 88, 12 London Symphonies, 4 Masses, and the Creation, 12 disks full in all, were put together from the late fifties to the late seventies at a jumble of five recording venues that turn out to have amazing consistency in production values through all the changes, and the orchestra here proves that it was one of the world's top ensemble throughout that time.  But Bernstein is the one with the flair for large band Haydn, and provides a consistently satisfying orchestral rendering, that is in no way eclipsed by any of the other modern orchestra projects. Tempos are rarely contentious and he takes the fast bits with breathtaking orchestral/organizational brilliance.Minuets are taken spaciously, but nothing ever drags. Solos are all ravishing One could pick and find individual performances elsewhere to outdo these here and there, but Lennie nails these works with his crisp yet sumptuous approach, and his London Symphonies easily complete with the often praised Colin Davis set with the Concertgebouw, but the inclusion of the 4 Masses [the final one recorded in London with LSO forces] and The Creation, which have consistently been admired, makes this box unmissable for all Haydn fans.These performances have never all appeared together like this or sounded as well.
B001PB3RU8|5.0|I heard a song by Florence and the Machine called \\"Dog Days are Over\\" and I thought what a cool song.  My first impression was a modern version of a Martha and the Vandella's (a 60's Motown group).  I bought the cd and I think the rest of the songs are awesome.  Very original music that just sounds cool.  I think they nailed it - their music sticks in your mind!  You want to listen to the songs over and over!
B002ZG977Y|3.0|Mythology has always interested me even at a young age, the stories of mythical gods and creatures where and still are fascinating to me, Medusa, Pegasus, the Kraken and more.  It was only normal that I wanted to see what this movie made of these legends. This version of Clash of the Titans is a remake of the 1981 movie of the same name. Most film remakes today are criticized for particular reasons and this one falls into that category as well. Of course it's different from the original Class of the Titans, which is good because I don't want to watch a remake that's  exactly like the original, if I did I'd just watch the 1981 movie. As with almost every single remake this one left out some things but followed the story close enough, just not as well perhaps. I don't think this particular remake was awful or that it was excellent but it falls somewhere between the two, a good popcorn movie is a proper way of describing it.<br /><br />CotT follows Perseus, half-man, half-god and son of Zeus lives in a time where man thinks he is bigger than the gods and where prayers are not welcomed. Hades convinces Zeus to let him create conflicts between humans for them to convert back to the gods. Perseus being the son of god is said to be the savior of man and must fights titanic creatures to save his kind. Nothing complicated as far as storytelling goes. What's interesting is Perseus doesn't want to be acknowledged as the son of Zeus, he doesn't embrace his destiny even if he does what is expected of him. Those who are familiar with mythology already know that there some things are not totally accurate but the movie remains an entertaining one if you can get over that fact. The scenes where the action is, the fights against the creatures, are the high points obviously. The scene with Medusa was a highlight for me; I thought it was great that they kept her in the same way as the original.<br /><br />CofT has mostly been slammed by critics and didn't earn high ratings, here on Amazon it is currently rated an average of 3 stars which is a fair rating in my opinion and it is also how I rated the movie. To be honest this remake is entertaining but whereas the visuals were good the film falls short in the story department (I feel the story was executed in a better way in the 1981 version). Clash of the Titans is not a terribly bad movie but it's a little far from completely satisfying and it's hard not to compare with the 1981 original, which I feel is the better one. If you have seen the original or are simply interested in watching it I suggest that you do because it truly isn't as bad as some are reporting it to be, but I would advise to rent before buying. 3/5 stars.ntly rated an average of 3 stars which is a fair rating in my opinion and it is also how I rated the movie. To be honest this remake is entertaining but whereas the visuals were good the film falls short in the story department (I feel the story was executed in a better way in the 1981 version). Clash of the Titans is not a terribly bad movie but it's a little far from completely satisfying and it's hard not to compare with the 1981 original, which I feel is the better one. If you have seen the original or are simply interested in watching it I suggest that you do because it truly isn't as bad as some are reporting it to be, but I would advise to rent before buying. 3/5 stars.
0375842209|3.0|This is not a book for a regular, average class to read.  The narrator is Death, which creates some awkward phrasing throughout the book, especially in the opening chapter.  Death takes us on the journey of a young girl, whom he purports to have met only three times in his life, yet whom he is able to write startlingly clear chapters about even at times Death never came near her.  The Holocaust setting of the book is what made me keep reading this, and the events depicted in the story are interesting and sometimes heartwrenching.  This is not a book I will be recommending to many people.
B002VECM6S|5.0|Let's face it, Hollywood tends to throw a lot of garbage at us each year, at least that's what many people are saying.  I watch my fair share of \\"garbage\\" honestly, but there are sometimes great movies that show up seemingly out of nowhere and really surprise, The Blind Side falls into that category. In The Blind Side we meet the Tuohys, a rich American family who generously give homeless Michael Oher a home and at the same time a family. Oher does poorly in school but his size give him an advantage when it's a physical matter, especially sports. It is soon discovered that Michael has a talent for football. At first the Tuohys are only being generous but they get much more out of it than Oher does. The movie is a little about football, yet, it is not about sports. Ok, maybe a little but football isn't what the movie is about and neither is it its purpose; the main values portrayed in The Blind Side are acceptance and family; the two are things some of us lack.<br /><br />I'm not that big a fan of Sandra Bullock's but I have to say that she really impressed me here and delivered without a doubt, it's one of the best performances of her career. Quinton Aaron delivered an excellent performance as Michael Oher, a.k.a Big Mike, rocks solid. The supporting actors were also very good (Phil Collin's daughter has a role in it); it only adds to the enjoyment factor and it's refreshing to see a movie that was so carefully done. I was surprised at how much I enjoyed the movie and how often I have watched it so far.  On the other hand, it's no surprise that The Blind Side has been nominated for some awards (Bullock won a deserved Academy Award for her role as Leigh Anne Tuohy). There is a lot of emotional appeal and one scene in particular stands out to me. Michael enters his room and says he's never had one before, to which Leigh Anne replies: \\"A bedroom to yourself?\\" Michael concludes: \\"No, a bed\\".<br /><br />You may think that's a spoiler but it's not, it is almost impossible to spoil this movie and none of the reviews here on Amazon really have spoilers.I know it's just a movie and very few will get understand what I'm saying but I got a lot out of watching it. It's a remarkable movie that stands out; now wonder it's been receiving such praises so far. If you're a movie buyer I think you'll want to add this one to your movie collection, it deserves a place there. You will definitely want to share the experience that is this movie, besides; it's a nice family film too. The Blind Side is one film I can't recommend enough, for its strong emotional appeal and its entertainment value. 5/5 stars, highly recommended.movie and none of the reviews here on Amazon really have spoilers.I know it's just a movie and very few will get understand what I'm saying but I got a lot out of watching it. It's a remarkable movie that stands out; now wonder it's been receiving such praises so far. If you're a movie buyer I think you'll want to add this one to your movie collection, it deserves a place there. You will definitely want to share the experience that is this movie, besides; it's a nice family film too. The Blind Side is one film I can't recommend enough, for its strong emotional appeal and its entertainment value. 5/5 stars, highly recommended.
B003E6K1VK|5.0|I got this head phones amp and it rocks  I got the klipsch image s4 head phones and a ipod classic 7G 160GB  when I use this Amp with these headphones and Ipod classic it sounds  like as if the band is singing in front of you.  The sound is really that good.  The bass, highs and mids sound like music heaven.  a word of warning.   you have to use it with a line out dock connector in order  to get the best sound out of it.  if you plug it in the head phones jack then it won't sound right  the reason why is because the mp3 players like a Ipod already have  a build in Amp and we all know that two Amps together won't do any good  it just won't work.  trust me use a fiio line 3 LOD with this amp and Ipod or mp3 player of your  choice and it will be like music heaven
1594200106|4.0|The Shadow of the Wind begins in 1945 when ten-year old Daniel is taken by his book dealer father to the Cemetery of Forgotten Books, a place where precious books are kept hidden and protected by a chosen few.  When one is initiated into the circle, they take a book and promise to protect it forever.  The book Daniel chooses is called The Shadow of the Wind, written by a little-known novelist Julian Carax.  Daniel begins reading the book that night and is spellbound.  But when he tries to learn more about the author, he's led on a decade-long adventure through the streets of Barcelona that is full of deception, vengeance, and doomed love.<br /><br />It takes awhile for the story to get revved up (about 150 pages), but once it does, it moves like any good mystery, only occasionally slowing down for its many flashbacks.  But this is necessary as Zafon has to take us and Daniel back to learn Carax's story.  Zafon weaves an intricate web of vivid and unusual characters to surround Carax, as well as Daniel.  In fact, we soon realize their stories parallel each other in many ways, especially when it comes to love and the lengths each will go for it.<br /><br />Set in the decade or so just after the Civil War, it is a dark and sometimes violent book.  It's a Gothic novel, lots of shadows and cigarette smoke.  The setting, Barcelona, is lovingly evoked; real and specific places fill the narrative and almost act as another character.<br /><br />This is a good mystery that is sometimes moving, sometimes exciting, and sometimes creepy.  It's filled  with lots of wonderfully drawn scenes that will tweak your emotions.  It's a good read.
0743497465|2.0|This book was okay at first with a very nice pace and the way it dealt with politics and NASA was interesting. So the book had me hooked for a little while. However, after only getting maybe two hundred pages in you already know the twist and then you spend the rest of the time waiting for the characters to catch up with you. All the Dan Brown cliches are there from everyone having to be beautiful and attractive (with movie star good looks) and a very predictable master mind villain. I found it very annoying how the book insulted my intelligence and just skimmed through the rest of it. Not Dan Brown's best book. But then again, none of his books are truly that great.
B000VBIGD6|5.0|We have watch Christmas Vacation at Christmas time for years.  I had to up grade from VHS to DVD since we no longer have the  VHS player. This will make you laugh.
B0000542D2|5.0|We can quibble about the sound quality and the way the film was modified to fit the DVD format.  Forget all that.  If you haven't seen this gem, do so immediately.  All 4 Beatles are natural before the camera, have incredible chemistry and are really funny.  Of course, there's also the fantastic music.  It also serves as a pseudo-documentary of Beatlemania at its height.  In my opinion, one of the great films of all time and the best movie ever made by a rock band.   Highly recommended.
B000V86OKG|4.0|Dexter certainly created a rather large pop cultural wave in its first season on Showtime, and for good reason.  Here was a series with a central protagonist who was a self described monster trying to lead a normal life.  Dexter Morgan is a serial killer who follows a code set forth by his foster father:  only kill those who deserve to die and never get caught.  That very idea stirred up a great deal of confict among viewers who were no doubt repulsed by his grizzly murders but still found themselves rooting for him to succeed not only in his vigilante murders but in his personal life as well.  That very conflict was part of what made season one such a riveting and fascinatiing experience.<br /><br />So how do you follow that up?  The second season could have been a mere rehash of the first.  Dexter continues to take out the trash and struggle to put up an effective front to those around him.  Instead, the show's creative team decided to let Dexter dive deep into his own heart of darkness.  Season two is largely about Dexter's inner conflicts as he questions the code of Harry, his relationship with Rita and the very impulses that drive him to carry out his heinous murders.<br /><br />This season takes a little bit longer to get rolling that the first season did.  The early episodes follow Dexter as he enters rehab (an action that he takes to cover his tracks regarding the death of Rita's ex in season one) and meets Lila, a sympathetic recovering addict who instantly identifies with Dexter's \\"dark passenger\\".  He also must find a way to elude Sgt. Dokes who is convinced that he has a deep secret and is relentlessly tailiing him.  These plot points can seem a bit far fetched at first (particularly the rehab stint), but be patient.  They all dovetail nicely into the season's larger story arc involving the hunt for The Bay Harbor Butcher--aka Dexter, whose victims unexpectedly begin surfacing from their watery graves.<br /><br />I won't say much more about the plot lest I reveal any secrets.  Needless to say, everything works together superbly to deliver a season that is wickedly entertaining as well as morally ambiguous.  Dexter finds himself reevaluating the flawless image he had previously held of his foster father, embracing the darkness that feeds his blood lust, struggling to justify his actions and contemplating the weight that would be lifted if he were free of the mask he wears.  What answers does he find?  Only that there may be no answers.  Life is complicated like that....even for a serial killer.ets.  Needless to say, everything works together superbly to deliver a season that is wickedly entertaining as well as morally ambiguous.  Dexter finds himself reevaluating the flawless image he had previously held of his foster father, embracing the darkness that feeds his blood lust, struggling to justify his actions and contemplating the weight that would be lifted if he were free of the mask he wears.  What answers does he find?  Only that there may be no answers.  Life is complicated like that....even for a serial killer.
B002P5XXR0|5.0|The movie is awsume and so is the sound track. When you dont have time to watch the movie and want to listen to some good music this is it. The title song is it. It is what this movie is all about
B00000JPH6|5.0|This is a great movie for adults and kids alike, no matter what age. I got it for my son for Christmas, and I cant wait to give it to him. It didnt take long to get here either. It can almost take you back in time to your childhood and let your worries melt away. Its been at least 10 years since I have seen it.
B002PDB9O6|5.0|I never expected to get a collection of 4 CD's so amazingly beautiful, every single CD is the product of the talented and extraordinary artist. I am extremely satisfied  with my choice.
B002E2M5IC|2.0|A Serious Man (2009) is the third movie I've seen this year to have the word \\"Man\\" in the title proceeded by a descriptive \\"S\\" word. The other 2 films being A Single Man (2009) and Solitary Man (2010). Are the studios trying to make it hard for us to distinguish these movies from each other? Unfortunately, the quality of the movies has dropped each time for me. I absolutely loved A Single Man (4.5 stars), enjoyed Solitary Man (3.5 stars), but was bored with A Serious Man (2.5 stars). It's not that A Serious Man is a bad movie. It's the typical finely-written, finely-crafted, finely-acted, and finely-photographed film that we've all come to expect from Joel & Ethan Coen. But the story just didn't engage me emotionally or cinematically...it was too quirky and distant from my own life. But the movie did look good!<br /><br />I think you either like the Coen Brothers' films or you don't. This one I didn't. I love Fargo (1996) and No Country For Old Men (2007). I haven't seen any of their other films yet. And we'll see what happens with True Grit (2010). I'm hopeful! I love Jeff Bridges and Matt Damon.
B00005JMFQ|5.0|I loved this movie and got tired of checking it out from the library for free so I decided to buy my own copy. When it came the box was a little bit dented but it didn't bother me, I love the fact that I got this movie for such a great price and it plays perfectly!
B0044XV3QY|5.0|The first thing I notice is the extreme packaging - a slip-off sleeve, then a box cover containing a book with three really fancy pages with a pull-out disc holder - all with very nice depiction of AVATAR scenes over every visible inch of the packaging.  All this hints that something special lies inside.<br /><br />And you won't be disappointed - at least I wasn't - and it was well worth the price.<br /><br />DISC 1 - AVATAR<br /> Disc Menu: PLAY / SETUP / SOUND / SEARCH / EXTRAS<br /><br />This disc contains three versions of AVATER:<br />1) original movie release<br />2) Special Edition DVD Re-release (with 8 additional minutes), and<br />3) Collector's Extended Cut (with 16 additional minutes)<br /><br />If you saw the movie, then you've seen version 1.  If you bought the DVD, then you've seen version 2.  What you want to see now is version 3, the Collector's Extended Cut, with 16 additional minutes.<br /><br />If you just click on the PLAY menu choice, you'll get version 1.  To play version 2 or 3, click first on SETUP - FILM SELECTION, then choose the Special Addition Re-release, or the Collector's Extended Cut.  The Collector's Extended Cut contains all the scenes in versions 1 and 2, plus the additional scenes, so no need to view versions 1 or 2, even if you haven't seen the movie yet.<br /><br />Under the SOUND menu is an option to have all the swear words deleted from the sound track, but it doesn't work for version 3, Collector's Extended Cut, which is the version you want to watch, and the swearing is very light, no \\"f\\" words.<br /><br />Under EXTRAS menu are all the added scenes, which is handy of you fall asleep watching the Extended Cut movie (as I did) and want to see if you missed anything new.<br /><br />DISC 2 - FILMAKER'S JOURNEY<br />Disc Menu: DELETED SCENES / CAPTURING AVATAR / A MESSAGE FROM PANDORA / PRODUCTION MATERIAL<br /><br />The best thing about Disc 2 are the more than 45 minutes of \\"Deleted Scenes.\\"  There are many of them, all in various stages of completion, and all but two add considerably to understanding the story line, especially \\"Dream Hunt\\" and \\"Challenge.\\"  The two deleted scenes that should stay deleted are : \\"Norm is a God,\\" and \\"Norm's attitude Improves.\\"  The Deleted Scenes are the next place to go after viewing the \\"Extended Collector's Cut\\" on Disc 1.<br /><br />\\"Capturing Avatar\\" is about how the film married real human facial expression and human movement to the animated AVATAR scenes.  It is very interesting to see.<br /><br />\\"A Message form Pandora\\" is about James Cameron going down to the Amazon Basin in Brazil and joining the jungle tribes fighting against the construction of a dam.  If there was any doubt that Cameron was anything other than a dedicated tree-hugging environmentalist, this will dispel all doubts.<br /><br />DISC 3 - PANDORA'S BOX<br />This disc primarily has items a filmmaker might be interested in,<br /><br />The BD-Live portal is also on disc 3, which allows you to download additional material.  I tried this but found nothing new that wasn't already on one of the three discs, and also the download was very slow.<br /><br />MY TAKE ON THIS EDITION OF AVATAR<br /><br />I am a civil engineer who thinks bulldozers and mining equipment are righteous and good.  I suppose in an environmentalist's eyes I have done my share of raping the environment, although the way I see it, natural resources are there to be utilized.  I do believe, however, that the resources need to be used wisely and efficiently and that renewable resources should be harvested by sustainable methods, and the earth returned to a green state after opening it and harvesting whatever is there.<br /><br />I present the above, because it is very clear that AVATAR is permeated with tree-hugging, environmentalist propaganda.  And Cameron so much as admits it in \\"A Message from Pandora\\" on Disc 2.  Nevertheless, Cameron made a really terrific movie promoting environmentalist concerns, though probablyhis message is totally lost on sinners like myself.<br /><br />Still, I very much like this movie and especially the Collector's Cut, because 1) it is so realistically done, 2) because it is an exciting adventure story with lots of very dangerous creatures, 3)because it is also a love story, and 4) because it is a hero story - the little guy fighting the faceless bureaucracy of a large corporation or government.<br /><br />As someone who has thrice married into different cultures in different countries, and experienced the somewhat difficult task of adjusting to and accommodating a foreign culture, I think Cameron has done a good job presenting the difficulty and opposition that naturally occurs against inter-cultural romance, and much more so for inter-specie romance, even if it is through a remotely controlled avatar body.  Much of this opposition was deleted in the original movie, but is evident in the added scenes, and especially the Deleted Scenes.<br /><br />SUMMARY<br />The extra scenes in the Collector's Extended Cut (Disc 1), and the Deleted Scenes (Disc 2) by themselves make this set well worth the price, and a story worth watching over and over, all the while hoping for a sequel.  If you are also into how movies are made, there are plenty of ground-breaking techniques presented on Disc's 2 and 3.<br /><br />THE SEQUEL<br />My idea of what would be an interesting sequel -<br />Jake and Neytiri  have a baby or two.  Jake leads the Navi to develop some technology to prepare for the return of the Earthers but find the Navi uninterested.  Jake remembers how European settlers arrived in America in such overwhelming numbers that the natives were completed subjugated and near annihilated.  He fears that unless the Navi modernize to some degree, at least the military, the same will happen to the Navi when the Earthers eventually return for revenge.<br /><br />Jake goes to the Tree of Souls and discovers Grace has merged with Eywa and can communicate with Jake.  Jake and Grace discover they can reach each other telepathically.  Grace-Eywa has some ability to sense events beyond the planet-moon's surface.  Grace and Jake begin to develop their telepathic powers, and discover thay also have some telekinetic powers<br /><br />By the time the Earthers return, Jake and Grace can affect the control mechanisms on the Earthers ships.<br /><br />[Take it from there, Cameron ...]s so realistically done, 2) because it is an exciting adventure story with lots of very dangerous creatures, 3)because it is also a love story, and 4) because it is a hero story - the little guy fighting the faceless bureaucracy of a large corporation or government.      As someone who has thrice married into different cultures in different countries, and experienced the somewhat difficult task of adjusting to and accommodating a foreign culture, I think Cameron has done a good job presenting the difficulty and opposition that naturally occurs against inter-cultural romance, and much more so for inter-specie romance, even if it is through a remotely controlled avatar body.  Much of this opposition was deleted in the original movie, but is evident in the added scenes, and especially the Deleted Scenes.      SUMMARY  The extra scenes in the Collector's Extended Cut (Disc 1), and the Deleted Scenes (Disc 2) by themselves make this set well worth the price, and a story worth watching over and over, all the while hoping for a sequel.  If you are also into how movies are made, there are plenty of ground-breaking techniques presented on Disc's 2 and 3.      THE SEQUEL  My idea of what would be an interesting sequel -   Jake and Neytiri  have a baby or two.  Jake leads the Navi to develop some technology to prepare for the return of the Earthers but find the Navi uninterested.  Jake remembers how European settlers arrived in America in such overwhelming numbers that the natives were completed subjugated and near annihilated.  He fears that unless the Navi modernize to some degree, at least the military, the same will happen to the Navi when the Earthers eventually return for revenge.    Jake goes to the Tree of Souls and discovers Grace has merged with Eywa and can communicate with Jake.  Jake and Grace discover they can reach each other telepathically.  Grace-Eywa has some ability to sense events beyond the planet-moon's surface.  Grace and Jake begin to develop their telepathic powers, and discover thay also have some telekinetic powers    By the time the Earthers return, Jake and Grace can affect the control mechanisms on the Earthers ships.      [Take it from there, Cameron ...]
030745455X|3.0|Product came fast.  Was easy to order.  Price very good.  This is the second book in the series.  I would stop at the first.  This was pretty hollow for plot.  Though an easy and fast read.
0307454541|4.0|Right price.  Order came fast.  Book very good.  Recommend this to others, it's better than just a vacation novel.
B00000IZOR|1.0|The dilemma with this phone is that the cord that attaches the handset to the phone is only about 6 inches long.  In order to answer the phone/lift the handset you have to pick-up the entire phone and move it very close to your face.    I can guess that the cord is short for safety reasons.  And I applaud that.  But it negates the enjoyment of the toy.
B003X2O6KW|5.0|Kanye West makes wonderful albums! While having his own unique style, he still creates a full album with various, full, perfectly produced songs with different sounds that are a beautiful whole together (like all his albums). Highly recommended. Review from the Netherlands where his celebrity status may not be as established as in the US. None the less, even though many of the references don't apply in Europe... AWESOME album!     Just like 808s & Heartbreak and Graduation. Both great!    Favorites:  12 Lost in the World  05 All of the Lights  02 Gorgeous
B003XKPPOU|5.0|Overall I loved the film. The awesome animation, clever at times lines. Perhaps a PG rating could have been considered but only due to the intense scenes & situations.
B000IJ79V6|4.0|Three powerful exiled outlaws from krypton land on earth with a plan of world domination and it's up to Superman [Christopher Reeve] to save the day. It is very well known that Richard Donner, the man who directed the original Superman movie, returned to direct this sequel as well. However, The Salkinds had a falling out with Donner and he was dismissed from directing this sequel after directing most of this movie. Richard Lester was brought in to finish the remainder of this movie and with that fact coming into play, some of Donner's footage was erased from this movie and altered. So, to be technical, this movie is really jointly directed by Richard Donner AND Richard Lester. But other than that, This movie is actually even better than the original which is a rare instance in a movie franchise. For once, The romantic subplot between Superman and Lois Lane [Margot Kidder] actually adds something to the movie's story. The battle between Superman and the three main supervillains of this movie in metropolis is a climatic one and is reason enough to watch this movie. The late Christopher Reeve is better than ever as Superman/Clark Kent and while Lex Luthor is not really the main villain anymore, Gene Hackman puts in another good performance as Superman's most well known villain. I also think that Margot Kidder does a better job here as Lois than she did in the first movie. Also, the subplot which involves Lois finally discovering that Clark is really Superman is very intriguing [even though the way she finds out is anti-climatic]. And like the original movie, This movie holds up very well today and features great special effects considering the time period this movie was made. To date, This remains the greatest Superman movie and one of the very best comic book movies of all time. In 2006, Richard Donner was allowed by Warner Brothers to assemble and restore his lost footage to make what would become Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut.
B0000630BT|5.0|No amount of superlatives can properly describe this album. This is picture-perfect Heavy Metal excellence. The stars must have aligned in a display of cosmic harmony while these songs were put together. Nah, f- that mumbo jumbo. Judas Priest is simply one of the best Metal bands ever, and this is one of their brightest moments.  No one with even a slight awareness of rock history can deny that.<br />Everything seemed to fall into place for the Priest to elevate themselves to a whole new level. They were legends before, but Painkiller cemented their status as Gods of Metal.<br />If you're a metal fan, you MUST have this album. No if's, and's, or but's. Just get it. If you don't like Painkiller, you're not a metal fan. Simple as that. Hey, I'm just following common sense and logic here. See, you can't reject one of the greatest superhuman creations of the Gods of Metal and simultaneously call yourself a metalhead. That wouldn't make any sense. You'd be contradicting yourself, mate.<br />I had Painkiller on a cassette tape back in the day which then got lost, and I just recently got it on CD. My re-acquaintance with this monster of an album was truly spine-tingling. By the time I reached the magnificent \\"One Shot at Glory\\" I was choking up with emotion.<br />When someone asks you what Heavy Metal is, just play Painkiller.
B000IJ79WU|3.0|We all know the story of the movie [check my review for the Lester version of this movie] so i won't even waste any time explaining that again. When i initially heard that Donner was allowed to release his version of Superman II, i was very overjoyed!!!! Then when i finally saw this movie, some of my hopes for this movie had diminished. Being that this version of Superman II uses mostly lost footage of the movie that was directed by Richard Donner, This is a different movie than the original version of Superman II [Although some of Lester's footage appears here too]. It was very wonderful to see Marlon Brando's scenes restored and the communication between Superman and his father Jor-El surpass the original scenes which replaced Jor-el with Superman's mother. AND, after years of wondering how, we finally get to see how Clark was able to regain his powers after he voluntarily gave them up to be with Lois!!!! Unfortunately, there are a few cool scenes that are missed in this cut [Such as Clark rescuing Lois after she jumped into the niagra falls in a second attempt to prove that Clark is Superman] which bring this version of Superman II down a little bit. But, The MAJOR strike against this cut is its extremely unsatisfying and dissapointing new ending. While i admire the more serious tone of this cut i ultimately have to say that i enjoyed the original Lester cut more. The Lester cut made more sense, had a little more coherancy, and had a MUCH more satisfying ending. While it is interesting to see this new footage, This movie is not as good as the original Superman II. This movie is definitely worth a watch and even worth owning but don't get rid of the original Lester cut. Despite all this interesting lost footage, It turns out that the Lester cut was the better Superman II after all.........
B0019NB9A2|5.0|When I saw this film on cinema I wasnt at legal age.  My aunt was a SF-fan and manage to get me in.  It was the scariest movie I ever seen at that time, but I loved it.  Today its fun to relive that moment from the past.  Thanks for putting it on Blu-Ray.
B000IJ79UW|4.0|As a baby, Kal-El is put on a spaceship and hurled to the earth where he's found by an aging couple who takes him in as their own. Given the name Clark Kent, He soon becomes aware of his unusual abilities and grows up to become Superman [The Late Christopher Reeve in the performance of a lifetime] however Superman soon finds himself facing Lex Luthor [Gene Hackman]. What an awesome movie!! Even with the long amount of screentime dedicated to Superman's back story this movie remains a winner in every sense of the word. Although being 32 years old, this movie's special effects still hold up pretty well and just about everybody [except Margot Kidder as Lois Lane] gives great performances, ESPECIALLY Christopher Reeve in the title role. This was the first live-action Superman production to get the epic treatment it deserved [The 50's show was good but ultimately remains primitive]. This film rightfully became a megahit upon its release and it deserves its legacy as one of the best comic book movies of all time. The best thing about it is you don't even have to necessarily be a fan of Superman to get into this movie! This movie really is that enjoyable. Also benefiting this movie is John Williams' iconic score [especially the epic timeless theme that opens and closes this movie] To anybody who still hasn't seen this classic movie, Buy this movie immediately and be prepared to sit through a very wonderful film. Some DVD copies of this movie run up to 151 minutes [which is the best cut of this movie to see] Followed by four sequels.
B002VWONB2|5.0|For those of you who havnt seen this film, BUY IT.  Its THE Classic of all Classics.    I just wish all Bogarts film came out on Blu-ray AND with Subtitles for hard of hearing, please.
B000P0J0A6|5.0|I ordered this movie from Amazon, it was recommended to go along with the Gizmo doll I was going to purchase also. I was a little skeptical to order a used copy from Gamestop, but the movie looks totally brand new! It has no scratches and the case looks perfect also. They were delivered very quickly and the prices were fantastic. I am very happy with my purchases.
B003WJQ74E|5.0|This is such a wonderful book...I'm afraid that my words may fail to describe it properly. The writing is powerfully done, and incredibly moving. Thought provoking and tear jerking. I loved it. A great read for anyone.
B0006JGFNQ|4.0|I ordered this toy for my 9 year old daughter for Christmas. I liked that this site also recommended the movie to go along with it. I ordered a refubished copy of the movie from gamestop and it was delivered to my office very quickly and in perfect condition. The Gizmo doll came about four days later. It is in perfect working order and very cute. It hums a little tune and sways back and forth. I think she will love it. I am very pleased with the speed of delivery and low prices. I will be ordering from you again!
0782008364|5.0|This is one of my ALL TIME FAVORITE movies! Sexy, suspenseful, great cast and acting and unexpected storyline. This one that needs to be in everyone's DVD collection!
B0042JTDXK|1.0|I am not a Josh Groban fan, and know him only through television performances and the occasional track popping up on the radio.  A friend let me listen to this album, and to say I was underwhelmed would be a gross understatement.      Music critique is not my forte, and like so many, I am fairly relegated to the \\"cheap seats\\" when it comes to criticism.  So, that caveat in mind, I still found this exercise dreadful, an album crammed chock-full of what could be snarkily termed \\"musical stylings.\\"  First, Groban seems to be quite a formulaic singer, another prince of the power ballad with soaring but over-long self-indulgent notes and key changes before and after treacly and over-wrought vocal swoops that demonstrate less virtuosity than a cheap effort at engaging an emotional roller-coaster.  In other words, this album was the functional equivalent of marching band \\"payoff moments.\\"  And the more intimate offerings just sounded plain flat, cold, and even bored.  I could not shake the nagging image of the singer standing in a recording booth with a sour look on his face that just screamed - \\"Can we get this over with?\\"      The gross \\"shake your vocal money-maker\\" pole-spins aside, the lyrics themselves were soupy, absurdly romantic, and cliched.  Song-writing is clearly not his province, and it seems to me he risks becoming just another Michael Bolton, a very competent musician and song-writer who has, in many ways, been ruined by resorting to a product-driven and hackneyed public persona.      I have heard it all before, and done better.  Other reviews indicate that Groban shines on other albums, but I cannot speak to that.  So, if you are contemplating a first purchase, I would definitely look at this young man's other offerings first.  This is not worth the time or the money.  Not at all.      No recommendation.
B0034JKZ86|5.0|This is now one of my favorite animated films. Up there with \\"Happy Feet\\" and \\"The Lion King,\\" I really enjoyed the message. All of the actors who did the \\"voice\\" of the characters did a great job.
B0037KMHRY|2.0|Think of the back of any Audio CD - Silver, right? Apparently, this Tron Package throws functionality out the window with a \\"cool\\" black CD. While I'm sure I would have no problem playing this in a Sony Playstation, I had all sorts of problems with just about every other optical disc player in my household - my HK changer, Alpine head unit in my car, the internal drives in my macbook or my wife's Dell.... nothing played this disc. I finally dug up an old external Plextor from my basement and it read the disc and I ripped it into the computer.    I came \\"this close\\" to just hitting the torrent sites. What would have happened had I not been able to read the disc? Would Amazon (or any retailer I may have purchased it from) return my money? Nope, just another black disc - that's policy. I've gone through this issue before with Copy Protected \\"CDs\\" that wouldn't play and it is not productive. The shops have a rule against returning opened discs, so you are stuck with it.    I don't know why I purchase music anymore. It would have been easier to download illegitimately.     The music? Pure Daft Punk. Once you get to it.
0399215921|1.0|I was very disappointed when I received this book.  It was not clearly indicated that the book was 3 x 5 inches in size.  I expected a full size hardcover. I want the larger size, but you will not have my business.
0805086846|5.0|This book was extremely enlightening. I did not know that it was that bad. I can admit I was ignorant to what Native Americans have gone through. I recommend this book to any and everyone. It puts a whole new perspective on things.
B003SLE4DW|5.0|I just finished reading \\"Killing Floor\\" after another author recommended the Reacher series to me.     Lee Child  created a brilliant character in Jack Reacher. Child gave Reacher a high profile and respectable military background that taught him all the skills a tough hero needs, gave him the motivation to be a rambling loner, then set him up in book one of the series as a series detective character I can't wait to read again. The plot of this first Reacher book was brilliant, the characters both believable and fascinating. Reacher's motivation drove the story and kept me hooked  I guessed a couple of the key pieces of the bad guys scenario along the way but it didn't diminish either the suspense or my enjoyment of the story. Great ending, perfect for the story and the characters.    I'm a solid Reacher fan and I look forward to savoring the rest of the series. My hat goes off to Lee Child for creating the best \\"first episode\\" of a continuing character mystery I've read in a long time! From my point of view the bonus is that this isn't a new series so I've got over a dozen Reacher novels to look forward to! Thank you, Lee Child.
4770031246|5.0|This book is not a showcase of selected posts from Makiko Itoh's excellent blog; it contains 150 especially created recipes, and instructive and attractive photos and diagrams and tips you won't find there. The recipes are practical enough for everyday use, with ingredients that won't leave you lost at the supermarket, and much effort has gone into explaining and illustrating the preparation of sushi rolls, onigiri, tamago, and so on; even explaining how to properly lay ingredients into single or two-tier boxes. Makiko has succeeded in distilling her experience making bentos in countries where staple Japanese ingredients are obscure and exotic, into a volume that's readably succinct yet shows impeccable attention to the needs of her audience. She even groups recipes into complete bento meals, with timelines showing how to prepare multiple parts of a meal simultaneously. It's clear that a great deal of effort has gone into producing a bento recipe book intended for everyday use rather than mere novelty.
0061989142|5.0|I happened to go into Barnes and Noble to read this book, and was actually a little put off by the fact that it was in the teen section. I'm 28 years old so I was hesitant about looking through it but decided to anyway. I was shocked to find out how FABULOUS this book is!! Even someone well in their 30s can learn something from this book. As soon as I finished reading it, I headed over to the mall and was so much more clear headed on what to buy/not to buy. I highly recommend this book for anyone who needs a little help in finding some stylish clothes and what would work best with them!
B0037KMHRY|3.0|I will just keep this simple since a lot of what I have thought has already been said. I simply was hoping for a little more unique sound for this score then what was presented. The score seems to be more produced by Hans Zimmer then by Daft Punk which is why I scored this CD with 3/5. Not a bad CD/score by any means, but nothing that stands out either. If you like scores, pick it up and you will probably be entertained, but it you are looking for a score that has a heavy Daft Punk feel you will want to wait for their next album instead.
B00448SE4S|2.0|Terrible movie. I won't get that hour and fifty two minutes back. Just stupid. I kept thinking about the south park episode. Dumb. Dumb. Dumb.
B002VPE1OS|2.0|The product is easy to install. the screen now looks like it has tiny dots everywhere. would not recommend this to anyone.
B002K0WBXW|5.0|This is a Christmas gift for my sister who loves Sandra Bullock as much as I do. The movie is a Chick Flick but done well & has some very funny scenes. I enjoyed the movie & I know my sister will too !!
B0025KVLTC|5.0|Revolver is a well rounded album and put together very well the music is outstanding and this album is one you have to pick up and sit down and listen to it without no distractions and nobody bothering you and then you will know what im talking about when i say this album is well put together and thats why the beatles are still to this day so popular and their albums are still selling like crazy anyways i love every song on this album and if you dont see whats so great about this album then obviously your not hearing the music and what great talent the beatles are my favorite songs on the album are and your bird can sing i love the guitar solo on this song for no one is a great and outstanding ballad here there everywhere is such a beautiful piece of music eleanor rigby is very well put together doctor roberts is very catchy wake up everybody that hasnt heard this great album wake up its been 44 years ago since this great piece of music was first released dont miss out on this masterpiece this is what i call real music it blows away any music thats played today nobody today can even compare to the beatles and this was made in 1966 when music was great and no faking it
1439107955|4.0|Well deserved of New York Times top 100 books 2010...passionately written \\"like a young priest writing a biography of Satan\\"
B0042RJWTC|5.0|The Tudors is an excellent period-drama loosely based around the reign of Henry VIII. It's got a terrific cast of actors and colorful production design that really draws you into this time of history. You can tell from the very first episode how hard the production crew worked to get every costume and every set piece down and it gives the show an air of authenticity lacking in most historical-dramas (when I say authentic I don't mean 'historically-accurate' as this show takes many liberties with history).<br /><br />The plots of each episode usually play off the previous episode before it with each season focusing on a particular set of events in Henry VIII's rule. We get a very linear view of events through different character's eyes including the clergy as well as the monarchy. While none of the characters are particularly likeable, least of all King Henry himself the actor's playing them are very watchable and charismatic. The political/sexual intrigue and how Henry's decisions effect everyone around him is what makes the show addictive and will have you gunning through this series.<br /><br />This boxed set comes in a book-format  with the discs tucked away in sleeves on each page. Usually I don't like sleeved sets like this but the cardboard is glossed over making pulling of the discs out easier and you won't get fibers covering and scratching the discs. Again I would have preferred jewel cases but with the amount of extras included on the final disc (that are actual EXTRAS not free TV episodes) I can still recommend this set.<br /><br />I obviously love this show and found amazon's $80 a steal for handsome sets, excellent costumes, terrific writing and attractive actors(though still no subtitles...but allows closed-captioning). Until the planned 'The Borgias' series airs The Tudor's is Showtime's best airing and a must-see historical epic!
B001NLKWLW|4.0|I enjoyed this book immensely.  The central characters in this book are located in different eras and places, but their stories interweave nicely. I find this back and forth tedious in other novels, but quite enjoyed it in Morton's novel.  I loved The Secret Garden, Jane Eyre, and fairytales as a child, so this book (with its family intrigue, mysteries within mysteries within mysteries, and beautiful Cornish countryside) spoke to me.  Morton knows how to spin a good yarn.
B002M9FYO4|1.0|As usual with a Audio Fidelity release, the sound is poor. I am utterly surprised that people buy their stuff-They make the sound far worse than the remastered ordinary release.Kevin Gray and Steve Hoffman are suposedly legendary, but what for?Bad sound?It is really annoying to read what the companies write in their commersials: Dynamic, open sound, the best ever, etc. It is just not true. They sound the opposite:Veiled, dark, flat, muddy. The music is very good of course, but the sound-A pity
0399536108|5.0|I stumbled on Chris Guillebeau's blog a couple of years ago and have absorbed every peice of content he's put out, including several of his online guides and his recent business project the Empire Building Kit. Chris's first book is less about providing a how-to, instead it answers the Why of taking risks, doing unconventional things, and changing the world. He explains that its OK not to follow the status quo, and cites countless examples of people who have done the same. Case study after case study he profiles people who are leading remarkable lives. He talks about his own journey and inspires us to set out and challenge beliefs that hinder us, including our own. Fantastic book and a great read.
B000AMPZF8|5.0|Origin of Symmetry is my favorite album of any, ever.  The combination of Matt's perfect vocals and an amazing instruments performance by the three guys makes for songs you can't stop listening to.  I love every song on here.  The best are Bliss, Hyper Music, Citizen Erased, and Megalomania.  But none of them disappoint! Muse is the best rock group of our generations and this album proves it again and again.
B002AT4K9Q|4.0|It's a Good Movie and Vin Diesel makes it Fast & Furious. Glad to see him back. Lot of action and I liked it as much as the first.
B003YFIUW8|4.0|I could not put this book down.  The author has very creatively written from the perspective of a 5 year old who has lived his entire life in captivity after his mother was kidnapped prior to his birth.  Sounds depressing?  Not at all.  Even though terrible things happen, the positive outlook of a 5 year old shines through.  This book focuses on how human nature can seek out the positive aspects of our situation and heal.  It was also interesting to explore how our surroundings affect our understanding of the world.  Highly recommended.
B0033B5XCS|5.0|as it is Freddy's Robert England makes a great Freddy Krueger it is a movie that for the first time you ever see this it kept you in the movie even after the 100th time.Its a classic what more to say.
B004BSEKH6|4.0|I was not expecting much from Nicki and this CD is AWESOME!  That said, you have to be a lover of pop; I am. I ready like over half over the CD.
032147404X|4.0|Like a pro?<br /><br />I like the book, but for example I am not sure you can read 22 pages on wedding photography and go execute this, yet - it is fun to look through these tips as someone whom has shot a wedding, and has used the tips.<br /><br />I like Kelby's books. He has many. I recommend that you buy several as he knows photography and presents ideas in easy to follow fashions. This book is good for the beginner as it is very visually appealing and will give you ideas on how to improve your work. It is at the intermediate level. Pros can get ideas as they certainly do from looking at images, and from a wide range of images.<br /><br />Great book
B003DZX3US|4.0|My memory of Beauty and Beast are from several viewings of the 70 mm release at the Academy Theater on New York City.  The image of my memory was solid, luminous and almost three dimensional.  The sound had depth and an impressive frequency range.  One was immersed in the film; one was carried into Bell's world.  The Blu-Ray edition does not duplicate that experience.  However it is excellent with good color rendition and a very solid sound stage.  I compared this Blu - Ray edition side by side with the Platinum Special Edition.  I synced  two DVDs to within a few frames of each other and was able to rapidly switch back and forth between two the DVD players using an HDMI switch.  On my 53 inch Sony SXRD I found the following: the color on the Blu - Ray disk was more intense and there was some better definition in background objects compared to the Platinum Special Edition in which the colors looked pale and to a degree washed out.  Sound was also better on the Blu - Ray disk - fuller with better channel separation.  If you already have earlier editions of this film and you are not obsessed with it then the Blu - Ray disk does not add that much.  However, if you are buying this film for the first time or have a VHS version the Blu - Ray will give you a significantly improved experience compared to the earlier DVD releases.
6302477751|5.0|My children watched this movie when they were young.  I was so excited to find it as a Christmas surprise.  It is a sweet movie and we had alot of fun with it.  It arrived quickly and was in good condition.
031603438X|5.0|I thought this book was terrific.  I have always been a Stones fan but have not read prior material about their history and relationships.  Keith does this really well, explaining how everyone came together, and how they managed through all of their trials and tribulations to continue to be the best rock and roll band on the planet.  But the best writing in the book is about the music; his explanation of how he learned to develop the sound that made the Stones unique, how he cultivated the relationships with so many genres of musicians and brought them into the band and how they influenced the Stones' songwriting, and even how his drug habit affected the music.  The material about his women and especially his children is quite sensitive.  I haven't bought Stones' music in years and today I went out and bought \\"Bridges to Babylon\\".  Great album.  This book will be enjoyed, not only be Stones' fans but by all music fans of the last 40 years.
B002KDUDG6|2.0|Shockingly overproduced.  Buble has an engaging voice, and that is what we should hear.  His voice.  Instead in this particular set of recordings, the main ingredient seems to be a over anxious orchestra accompanying someone who is simply trying to show off.  I think every song (except perhaps Crazy Love) has the exact same pattern - slow and low in the beginning to very loud and boisterous from the middle to the end. The first cut on the album is almost funny it's so dramatic.  What were they thinking?
B0027CSNBM|5.0|My daughter LOVES the Percy Jackson and the Olympians series.  Can't get enough!  I was so happy to discover this book on Amazon.  It is fabulous, and a great lead in to the last book in the series.  The interviews with the characters from the books are a great idea, the author has outdone himself!  Not only has my daughter read the series, but my husband and I are too!  They are great reads!  Highly recommend if you are into the Percy Jackson series.
B001UV4XFG|5.0|thanks for getting the movie to me so quickly! i was super excited to know that it was going to arrive just in time as they were getting into the stores and thanks for the price adjustment that you made when I ordered the movie earlier at a higher price! you guys rock! the movie is in great condition and I'm so excited to order from Amazon again!
B003DZX3SA|2.0|I grew up on this movie, and frequently still watch the original VHS that I have kept from my childhood. The colors in this new one are not only much more vivid (as expected) but have been transformed into bright pink and green all over the background of the film. They even went as far as changing the color of Belle's eyes. She was one of the the few princess figures from traditional Disney who had brown hair and brown eyes, but now she has hazel eyes. It is a small thing, but part of what made the film so great was the mundane beauty of Belle. Disney transformed the original film into something aimed even more so at little girls and has reinforced the culturally false ideals that beauty cannot be mundane. Way to go Disney.
B000NDI3SK|2.0|Having finished watching all thirteen of these supposedly ground-breaking documentaries I am left with a sense of huge disappointment, with a sense of a wonderful opportunity not only missed but sadly one that far too often was turned into a vehicle for the presenter's own philosophy and personality, neither of which can make any genuine claim to greatness on this evidence.    Having read and heard the hype, I was expecting far greater wisdom and insight than was actually on offer.  I found the series to be lacking in essential clarity and coherence of philosophy and overall design.  As he lectures the viewer on the so-called \\"ascent of man\\" in general, Dr Bronowski apparently finds it hard to resist drawing attention to himself, his friends and his own achievements.  One feels that he is at least as interested in himself as he is in the progress of mankind.  The last in the series is dedicated almost entirely to him as he takes the viewer round his own home in California, introduces books he has written, and a painting of him that has been made etc.  His tone throughout the series frequently crosses the line from the authoritative to the know-it-all-ish.  He tends to speak down to the audience as if we should feel privileged to see how the intellectual aristocracy live, what sort of conversations they have, what they consider important and so on.  This bespeaks a certain vanity and artifice, an arrogance and a self-importance which serve neither truth nor humanity but rather are divisive and which seriously compromise the worth of this endeavour.      However, it wouldn't be so bad if the quality of Dr Bronowski's thoughts and conceptions were of a high order.  But they are not.  A lot of it appears to be perspicacious and cogent but there's an underlying fogginess that reveals itself in every episode.  No coherent philosophy emerges.  And although his avuncular and donnish manner and mannerisms give every impression of great thought occurring and being presented to the viewer with the utmost carefulness and deliberation... what actually emerges often amounts to little more than pseudo-intellectual bluster.  Some of his sentences don't even make sense.  One comes away from the material with the feeling that the truth and knowledge that could and should unite human beings in a common understanding of their humanity have been sacrificed at the altar of the cult of Dr Bronowski.  This is something that should not be passed by unrecognised.  And this is why I am writing this review.  These faults are more than merely surface and presentational issues.  They are part of the egoic human problem itself that Dr Bronowski at times sets himself the task of elucidating.    It is therefore with huge disappointment that I feel I have to write this and be critical.  There were several remarkable series in the 1970s which attempted to educate the general public in subjects that would otherwise have remained the preserve of the university campus.  This was surely to be one of the most important uses of the new medium of television.  David Attenborough saw this well enough  (as controller of BBC2) and it was he who commissioned Kenneth Clark's Civilisation, Alistair Cooke's America and The Ascent of Man.  Later we had Attenborough's own natural history Life on Earth which was certainly ground-breaking.  An especially fine series was Ronald Eyre's The Long Search which explored the world's faiths with charm, wisdom and humility (sadly not available on DVD yet).  And Carl Sagan's Cosmos at the end of the decade managed to present a history of science and the cosmos (from its particular perspective and vantage-point in time) with satisfying depth, coherence and substance.    But sadly, The Ascent of Man fails to reach the heights of achievement that it aspires to.  And since the overall effect of it left both myself and a friend scratching our heads with furrowed brows, with a sense of dissatisfaction and a marked loss (rather than a gain) of clarity and insight, it cannot be recommended to the viewer in search of a basic grasp of scientific knowledge and history.  Look elsewhere...
B0043URV8M|3.0|I love the movie but one thing lacking was a little more of John Williams Harry Potter theme ;  this would allow the sound track to be more of a stand along music you would like to listen over and over again , like the four first movies.     Charla Mason
B000005JH5|5.0|I have been listening to Kate's music for 32 years and in that time not one artist has come close to her in terms of songwriting and musical content.   This first album is astonishing when you think of the age she was when she wrote most of these songs and what music was around at that time. Her voice is unique full stop. I understand that on cursory listnening it can sound a bit grating on this album in places but I challenge everybody that really listens to music to spend the time to really listen there is NO ONE that can sing these songs in such a unique way.    As you progress through her albums you find her voice changes as she matures but retains the uniquness and brilliance of a natural talent. This is not music to be in the background, take the time to listen and you will be rewarded by the efforts of a truly gifted artist that has changed the music business with her commitment to excellence, every facet of her work is controlled by her.You will never find a kate bush song that you say\\" oh that sounds like\\".
B0039TD7PY|5.0|I had seen part of the special of Live at the Troubadour on PBS and loved it!  My husband and I grew up listening to this music.  I was so pleased to find it on Amazon.com.  Thanks so much!!
B0041KKYBA|5.0|Mr. Ferguson presents all the evidence needed for the culprits who have raped the country to be behind bars and does so in a way like no other.  You will leave the theater in a sweat.  There was never a slow moment and how he was able to get such footage and information is amazing.  I wish but have no hope for a part II, \\"The Bad Guys Lose\\".
0439023513|1.0|The book is a good book but Do not order from this company you will pay for you items and never recieve them and will not be able to track your items and they will never get back to you and you will just be out of luck my son has been waiting for this book for over a month how sad that this happens to people amazon should not use them and everyone should read all the bad review that I did not
B0041OOJNU|5.0|Shakira's new cd is amazing! When ever I listen to this cd in my car, it either has me dancing in my seat and/or singing along. There is a balence in between \\"new\\" and \\"old\\" Shakira style. It has the perfect mix of her pop/rock/latino style. The up=beat latino trackes can make the skyist person get up and start dancing! I love the pop/rock trakes. They are so deep and really make you think. There are an english version of Waka Waka, Rabiosa, and Loca and the song Islands is in english (Addicted to you has english in it also)....So even if you don't speak spanish you will understand some of the songs and maybe even pick up on some new spanish vocabulary!:) There are no excuses go out and get Shakira's cd, comeon it's less than 10 dollars, totally worth it!
0316069485|4.0|As much as I like Harry's series, Mikey Haller is much more interesting.    I worked for a law firm a few years ago. The featured intricacies and details of the legal system is very much spot-on. The verbal sparring in the courtroom is reminiscent of Boston Legal and LA Law. Very informative and highly entertaining.    The Reversal should've been the direct sequel to The Lincoln Lawyer. But I'm glad it followed Nine Dragons. I was dismayed by the latter. While the story arc was unpredictable, it just didn't feel right. You can say The Reversal redeemed my faith.    I hope there'll be more titles involving the two half-brothers. And maybe more story arcs re Maggie McFierce.    PS I wish reviewers check their spelling. I can't believe how many people get MC's name wrong. Especially from readers who professed to know ALL his works.
B00280LYHS|5.0|The Last Olympian, in my opinion, was the greatest book in the series.  Percy has to choose between friends, help his family, and save the world all at the same time.  The characters make the story what it is and help the magnificent plot.  Rick Riordan will keep you turning pages!
0553805371|2.0|As a religious person, I don't mind if Hawking wants to explain \\"fine-tuning\\" of the universe with the multiverse theory, and reject God as an explanation.  That is pretty much what the book is about.I don't mind their explanation of the most recent theories in cosmology in non-technical terms.  I prefer Brian Greene's \\"The Elegant Universe\\" and \\"The Fabric of the Cosmos\\", but that is a matter of taste.   None of this is what infuriated me.  The authors *offended* me as a PHILOSOPHER.    Beginning chapter 1, the authors said the following: \\"How can we understand the world in which we find ourselves?  How does the universe behave?  What is the nature of reality?  Where did all this come from  Did the universe need a creator?  Most of us do not spend most of our time worrying about these questions, but almost all of us worry about them some of the time.    \\"Traditionally these are question for philosophy, but philosophy is dead.  Philosophy  has not kept up with modern developments in science, particularly physics.\\" (p. 3)    EXCUSE ME???!!!!!!    First, they think that philosophy is *restricted* to these questions. FALSE!    Second, Physics *cannot* answer a LOT of philosophical questions.   For example, ethical questions:  why should we consider women as having same *dignity* as men?  Which are the best *responsible* ways to treat the economy?  What about our *duty* to the Earth?   Physics can say nothing about dignity, responsibility, or duty.  Which principles can be used to establish that intelligent design is pseudo-science and evolution is not?  Physics cannot deal with that question either, only philosophy of science.  What is the nature of abstract concepts such as numbers and what is the nature of mathematical statements?  Only philosophy of mathematics deals with the question, physics can say nothing.  Physics cannot answer which principles can be used to establish a statement or sets of statements as knowledge.  Not even physics can deal purely within a conceptual framework the notions such as causality, necessity, contingency, etc., this is the realm of metaphysics.  Philosophy of the mind is relevant, even for the area of psychology and cognitive science.  And if the authors think that these questions are irrelevant, then I strongly advise them to buy the excellent philosophy anthologies published by Blackwell AND START READING!    My field is philosophy of science and epistemology.  The statement that philosophy has not kept up with modern developments in science IS BLATANTLY FALSE, AND AN IRRESPONSIBLE STATEMENT TO MAKE!  Quite the opposite!  The best philosophers of science have kept up with the latest trends in Physics, Biology, Genetics, Medicine, Ecology, Cosmology, Cognitive Science, and even AI.   Even Ethicists (philosophers!) have been paying attention to the latest discoveries in science.   Usually the best philosophers of science have been the defenders of modern science, and the best allies to develop rational arguments against fanatic or fundamentalist sectors (not only religious, but also  some secular sectors).  Just ask Michael Ruse and Barbara Forrest if you don't believe me, or even the National Center for Science Education.  It seems that Hawking and Mlodinow are the ones who have NOT kept up with contemporary philosophy.    Even they have much of their history of science and philosophy wrong!  I advise them to read John Losee, James T. Cushing, Ernan McMullin, Maurice Finocchiaro, and so many others who have dedicated their lives to an appropriate historical perspective on the history of philosophy and science.    Last, but not least,  Stephen Hawking is one of the most respected minds of the twentieth and twenty-first century.  A man of his brilliant stature should be far more careful with his statements.  Just by those statements, and others made in his book, he practically nullified our authority as philosophers in the eyes of the public.  Now he has made our job of defending modern scienceand rationality THAT much harder!     I hope both authors retract these statements and apologize.
B002VPE1WK|5.0|Super Super.. Excellent camera bag which fit my canon xs with a 55-250mm,(mounted) 18-55mm, canon S3IS, Sony VCL-DH1758 tele converter (for S3IS) and enough room for my future canon 100-400mm and a speed light.    straps are comfortable. Have to check how resistant to water..    real value for money.
B003MZ0I84|5.0|I LOVE this cd so much,; it's all I listen to my car! There is not one single bad song on it. The acoustic versions (Track 15&16) are my incredible. When ever I listen to this cd it puts my in a great mood. I highly recommend it to anyone who is considering buying the cd!
B003EYVXTG|5.0|One of those really stark, really dead on movies.  Horrible situation, consummate human spirit!  I haven't bought a movie in years, but I had to have this one.
B00417HV14|5.0|One of the great benefits of being in a band, is the other members exposing you to new artists. My drummer turned me on to some Joe Bonamassa and this guy is incredible. So, I bought the DVD. What's amazing about him (besides his obvious technical prowess), is the breadth of his influences. He's an encyclopedia of blues styles. This is a two disk set and on the second disk he is interviewed in a motorhome while doodling away on his guitar and discussing the material he plays. The actual performance in Albert Hall is fanstastic (great back-up band too), but the interview on disk two is just as entertaining and insightful.  If you love the blues (and Blu Ray quality), this must be part of your concert library. You watch it more than once, I guaranty it!
B0042816YK|1.0|I enjoyed the book and hoped the movie would be good.  It wasn't.  I watched as far as her meeting Luca Spaghetti and lost interest.  Rent this one if you must, but don't buy it.
B000OYC7A8|5.0|I watched this concert this morning. May sound silly. but I was moved to tears. This is an AMAZING performance. DO NOT miss it if you can help it. Crosby and Nash's support as backup was unexpected bonus. THANK YOU THANK YOU David Gilmore. You are truly special beyond words.
B0036S4CTS|1.0|DON'T PICK THIS BOOK.  I'm not going to spoil it for anyone but if you're like me and looking for a fun, lovely read find something else.  This book is depressing, sad and has almost no redeeming qualities.  I know some people love the whole \\"life is short and bittersweet\\" theme but I'm not one of them.
B001UV4XFQ|1.0|You can get the blu ray/dvd combo on 1 disc with bonus features or you can get blu ray on 1 disc with no bonus features at all.  Not realizing what I was getting, I purchased the 'no bonus features' disc. I didn't know anybody was making discs (especially blu ray) without bonus features - this is the onl disc I have with that feature. :)  I find it very interesting how the producers have gone out of their way to make a crappy product for such a beloved series.
0375842209|5.0|I WAS LOOKING FOR A GOOD TEENAGE READ WHEN MY COUSIN TOLD ME ABOUT THE BOOK THIEF. I READ IT AND ENDED UP FINISHING IT IN 7 HOURS. I COULDNT PUT IT DOWN IT WAS SO ADDICTING! MAYBE A LITTLE OVER HYPED AT TIMES, BUT OVER ALL IT IS A REAL PAGE TURNER!
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|Excellent film over all, well acted.  If you enjoy period films, or are a big Jane Austen fan you will really enjoy this adaptation.
0545305497|5.0|First, as The Hunger Games are wildly popular at this time, I really did not want to like them as much as I did. There's a snobbery in me that tends to assume that extremely popular fiction has merely reached a low common denominator for the unwashed masses, and them alone (see Nicholas Sparks and Stephanie Meyer). That said, contrary to my expectations, I did not merely enjoy The Hunger Games. I was devastated by them.<br /><br />I devoured the whole trilogy in about a week and a half. I've no doubt it wouldn't have taken that long if (a) I didn't have a day job, and (b) I'd had access to all three books in one sitting. If this seems extreme, well, it is. Not afraid to say it.<br /><br />The framework is a common enough idea in literature: it's fiction of dystopia (there are hints that the country of Panem has replaced the now-dead USA) with an oppressive government and pockets of oppressed citizens. Leaders rise, conflict ensues, and the fates of citizens and nation alike are challenged, burned, and reformed (almost never in neat-and-tidy ways, either).<br /><br />This isn't to say that the plot is formulaic, because the specifics of the Hunger Games themselves as modern gladiator-style melees to the death is unique and compelling in the future context. Katniss Everdeen as the first-person protagonist does not fit into any formal compartments either, and her inner conflict, selfishness, selflessness, good decisions and bad ones all present emotions that not only compel and frustrate, but also ring true.<br /><br />While the storytelling is clean and the events easily maintain interest, it's the crushing human emotion and condition that propelled me through and left me an emotional wreck at the end of each novel. Relationship, loss, oppression, rebellion, selfishness, selflessness, brokenness, bitterness, hatred, destruction, redemption, grace, love, epic sadness, humor, injustice, family--it will rock you if you let it. And I recommend you let it.<br /><br />The books have their fair share of violence, but the writing is neither overly graphic nor gratuitous. It's not a violence of glory, either, but one of tragedy and necessity. The love interest between Katniss and (well, it would be cheating to tell) is tactful and doesn't fall into the trap of being overtly sexual. There are instances where Katniss sleeps together with a boy her age, one that loves her, and one that she kisses and cares for--but it's only that. Their relationship develops out of care and protection, not sexuality.<br /><br />I recommend the trilogy to anyone with a heart. I think it's more than appropriate for younger readers, provided you are ready to have some really great discussions about violence, liberty, oppression, revenge, love, and sure, even sex (though again, there is no inappropriate content to that end).<br /><br />Please read it now.but the writing is neither overly graphic nor gratuitous. It's not a violence of glory, either, but one of tragedy and necessity. The love interest between Katniss and (well, it would be cheating to tell) is tactful and doesn't fall into the trap of being overtly sexual. There are instances where Katniss sleeps together with a boy her age, one that loves her, and one that she kisses and cares for--but it's only that. Their relationship develops out of care and protection, not sexuality.    I recommend the trilogy to anyone with a heart. I think it's more than appropriate for younger readers, provided you are ready to have some really great discussions about violence, liberty, oppression, revenge, love, and sure, even sex (though again, there is no inappropriate content to that end).    Please read it now.
B000059T1E|5.0|Dave Mason was gone. That was a good thing.  Nothing against Dave, but his songs just didn't fit in.  John barleycorn must die is of course the masterpiece here, but some of the others are gems in their own right.  john Barleycorn is an interesting choice as title song, being an ancient and very mystical tune. Chris Wood comes close to stealing the album with some of the most perfect woodwind and sax playing imaginable. Never a note out of place, no showing off, just exactly what was needed throughout.  Only When The Eagle Flies had the same complexity and beauty.
B000056HE9|5.0|In some ways, the late 1940s were more of a Hollywood Golden Age than were the 1930s.  This film was made in 1947, just a couple of years before the explosive growth of television and the federal government's antitrust suit against the big studios combined to change Hollywood forever.  Cary Grant was, of course, one of Hollywood's biggest stars and to my mind this is one of his top two or three films.  Although not a typical role in that he is playing an angel, he is still very much the suave, debonair leading man.  In fact, if you know someone too young to have seen Cary, this film would be a great way to introduce him.  The plot is imaginative and the acting is excellent.  This film makes for wonderful Christmas Eve viewing.  If there is one problem, the special effects are a bit crude, even for the late 1940s.  In particular, the extended scene at the skating rink employs obvious doubles for Grant, Loretta Young, and James Gleason.  Grant's double is clearly too short.  It's rather surprising that this scene is allowed to go on so long given how unconvincing it is.    It's disappointing that this film is no longer available as a single DVD, although it is included in a three-pack (packaged with two much weaker films).  Interestingly, the Robert Nathan novel on which the film is based is also out of print.  Nathan wrote a number of similar fantasies -- including the book on which the Joseph Cotton/Jennifer Jones film \\"A Portrait of Jenny\\" is based -- but seems to have fallen completely out of fashion.  Perhaps someone will bring his books back in Kindle editions.
B0002F6BRE|5.0|That's right, little Ralpie, Peter Billingsly plays one of the elves at the north pole. But let's talk about the star of the picture, Buddy! Will Ferrell is absolutely perfect as sweet, naive and adorable Buddy, the human baby that accidentally stowed away in Santa's bag one Christmas. The casting of this film is so spot on from big players like Papa Elf and Santa down to dept. store ass't mgr Donald Faison. And my husband's crush on Zoey Deschanel started with this picture. This will certainly be a holiday classic. * This film is a great family picture, suitable for all ages, even the little ones. *
B001M5UDGS|5.0|I watched this movie on the recommendation of a friend. And then I immediately showed it to every living person I've ever met, because it is amazing!     I don't much care for musicals, but the music in this movie is so good that I've listened to the soundtrack on youtube more than a few times. Don't do that first, though, because it'll ruin the plot, which is the best part.     The plot had me completely hooked from the beginning. Dr. Horrible, who is an out-of-luck super genius with half-baked plans for fixing our broken world, is such an honest character played so well by Neil Patrick Harris that I think I felt every emotion the character did the entire way through the plot. That's not something I can say about many goofy superhero musicals - or many movies period.     It's honest, a bit dark, and really funny. I recommend it to anyone who likes anything. Just watch it, already!
B001S33D1G|4.0|I'd wanted to see the animated film adaptation of Neil Gaiman's Coraline, but just hadn't gotten around to it. Instead, I picked up the little novel itself at my local bookstore and read it in two sittings. It was straightforward, scary, and satisfying.<br /><br />Coraline borrows heavily from literary predecessors--it's a journey through a mysterious portal that seems like an innocuous yet mysterious door (a la Narnia, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, and Through the Looking Glass); Coraline's guide throughout the mysterious new world is a feline (Alice again); there is a seemingly all-powerful evil entity that sees all and is bent on Coraline's destruction (I thought of both Sauron and Gollum--powerful and possessive); the new world itself is dark and nightmarish (see the gorgeous and disturbing film Pan's Labyrinth); and there are more parallels to be sure.<br /><br />My point isn't that Coraline is derivative, but that it is rich in its drawing on these traditions. We're comfortable already with Alice and the Pevensies, familiar with portals to other worlds, acquainted with riddles and daring escapes--and Coraline captures each element in a way that is at once reminiscent, engaging, and eerie. Also, the parallels are so precise that it seems Gaiman knows his forebears, and approaches them respectfully. In this way, Coraline is both good literature and an homage to good literature.<br /><br />I'd recommend the book to an advanced elementary reader (advanced only for the frightening images, not for the reading level per se). That said, as most young adult fiction I read and enjoy, I'd also recommend the book to adults as a quick but satisfying read. Just try not to imagine the Other Mother's long-nailed hand following you up the stairs at night.
1441965904|5.0|I have always felt a bit of a fraud teaching students how to write and present their research when I have never actually done this myself, but this book has given me much more confidence to speak knowledgeably to my students on how to present their work at conference. I imagine that my situation is common to many ELT teachers who migrate from teaching general English abroad, and then return home to the US, UK or wherever they originated from and find that one good way to earn a living is by teaching English to foreign students attending university in a country where English is the first language. I suspect that this book was written as much for teachers as for students, and as such I would have no hesitation to recommend it for native English speaking trainers as much as their students.
B002MW50KO|1.0|This was given to me from my daughter and son-in-law as a joke. Because it is. All the 4 & 5 star reviews CRACK ME UP! Especially the ones from the holier-than-thou hard core Dylan fans. Particularly the ones who are snubbing their noses down at us critical ones who \\"just don't get it.\\" LOLOLOLOL! The reviews are about as entertaining as the CD itself. The 5 star reviews are so serious! Unbelievable.<br /><br />(Same thing on iTunes--if you want some great entertainment, read the reviews there for both camps. Hilarious!)<br /><br />I don't care if you are a \\"Bob Dylan connoisseur,\\" you've got to know horrible singing when you hear it and a total mismatch of voice to genre. Though I find this CD of immensely more entertainment value than listening to say, some opera singer like Domingo trying to convince us that he can sing pop, IT IS HORRIBLE IN THE WORSE WAY! More horrible than Rod Stewart trying to sing jazz standards, even. It is so horrible it is so *entertaining*! I'm going to share this with all my fellow conductors and music grad students. As well as \\"non-musical\\" friends. I know they will howl with either delight or pain or both!<br /><br />One of the best things about this CD is the juxtapositioning of the very lovely backup singers who are almost angelic. With them contrasted against Dylan's singing it is almost like he hired them to totally mock him! Oh man, I'm listening to this as I type. It hurts my throat so much just listening to him. As one die-hard fan said, this will indeed become a \\"landmark\\" album--much in the same way that William Shatner's \\"The Transformed Man\\" is.<br /><br />Thank you, Bob Dylan, for this wonderful Christmas present. We will listen to it, or a portion of it, every Christmas just for a tear-producing laugh. It is a good thing that \\"Christmas is in [His] Heart\\" because it definitely ain't in his voice!
B003EV6DBM|5.0|Matt Smith had a huge pair of shoes to fill after the likes of David Tennant and fill them he did. He performs well beyond anything I'd expected. Much as I would for any Doctor Who series, I highly recommend ownership of the box set.
1400079144|5.0|Dan Brown has written another amazing adventure in the Robert Langdon series. I've read all four of his other books and The Lost Symbol is some of his best work. Would recommend to anyone who likes hair raising thrillers. You do not need to read Angels and Demons or Da Vinci Code because they are only slightly referenced in this one.
B0001GMIOE|5.0|Perfecta, larga duracion    En mi Canon PowerShot G6 puedo tomar mas de 1000 fotos sin que se agote.     Aveces paso semanas sin usarla y cuando la enciendo la carga sigue intacta.
0792839749|5.0|I used to watch this when I was young and now my daughter (3) absolutely loves this movie.  It's a classic.
0061997811|5.0|This book is for the truly dedicated Harry Potter Fan, like me for instance. Now I am going to have to go back to review the movies to see the scene where Buchbeak takes a 'Poo' in the paddock scene, because I darn sure missed it the last couple of times that I watched it. Chuckle, and I thought I knew how movies were made! Oh well, not the first time I was ever mistaken!
0452289963|5.0|There are books to be read whether for information, pleasure or just to pass the time away.  However, this book allows the reader to look at life from the point of view of our own life experiences and behavior.  It is as if the reader is looking at himself on a mirror and scrutinizing various aspects of his own reflection.  This book is not meant to be read from cover to cover and be placed on the shelf.  One must go back to it, open any chapter and re-read it.   If man would apply the suggestions and mode of behavior described herein, if the reasoning explained would be acted upon, we would experience living and enjoying life at a completely different level.  In this overcrowded earth we need to start interacting positively with one another and Tolle's point of view is a good beginning.  I highly recommend the book as a very good approach in how to become aware of one's consciouness interacting with one's ego.
B000P0J09M|4.0|Quite simply one of the best movies of all time.  However this DVD production does nothing to enhance that.  If I were rating the movie alone, 5 stars no question, if I were rating this DVD, what extras it has, and the quality of the packaging, 3 stars at best.
B002K0WBXW|5.0|After renting this movie I just had to own it.  The situations that come up in this movie are so funny and you could really see how it could happen in real life.  I would recommend this movie for adults(not to kids below 17 due to some of the content).
B003ZVJFFM|1.0|Having enjoyed numerous adaptations and original versions of this tale, we were extremely disappointed in this version. It must have been hard on Carrey to take that huge check when he had to endure such a horrible film. The sound was mediocre, the animation average, but the scenes were uninspired and flat. I have never been so bored as I was watching thisd movie. I tried to stay focused on some endearing or positive quality. I even felt pity for Tiny Tim's character, all but forgotten in this film.
B003NFM3JU|5.0|Very good purchase. the only thinkg that I didn't realize is that the 3D disc is only for a 3D television. So be warned that when a movies is in blu-ray 3D, its only playable on a 3D television set.
B00005LOUQ|4.0|Background:<br /><br />This story was written in rhymed verse by Dr Seuss and was first published in 1957. It included artwork from the author as well. The concept of the work was to poke fun at those who commercialize Christmas and satirized those who profit from taking a ruthless advantage of the holiday.<br /><br />The Grinch, lives in a cave high atop Mount Crumpit, a steep 3,000-foot high mountain just north of Whoville, where everyone else lives in this story. The setting is believed to be based on the Town of Easthampton, Massachusetts, and the overlooking mountain named Mount Tom. This location is close to where Dr Seuss grew up.<br /><br />This story was first produced as an animated special in 1966, subsequently, in the year 2000 (November), it was adapted into a live action movie (note that it is not a 100% adaptation, since there are some changes). This is the production that we are now reviewing.<br /><br />Opinion:<br /><br />This adaption is well done and Jim Carrey does an excellent job as the Grinch. This movie is a lot of fun and the television stations are normally always sure to include it in their Christmas viewing specials. Yet because it is such a classic in itself as a movie production, many people still choose to make the purchase to keep it as a collector's piece. (And will enjoy the special features on the DVD.)<br /><br />Since everyone may be familiar with the story already, I will just comment on the production aspects of this film.<br /><br />The make up firstly is superb, all of the adult characters have nose pieces on that give them that cartoon like look. It is masterfully done, and there is no loss in the facial expressions.<br /><br />Next, the sets, especially Whoville is a wonderful piece of artistic design, it just totally adds to the whole 'atmosphere' of Christmas and wonder that comes with this season. The props also are all well designed this includes all the vehicles and equipment (including a Christmas Light Canon - used for putting lights on the house very quickly) keeps the Christmas 'magic' level high in the film.<br /><br />Conclusion:<br /><br />This is now a Christmas staple in terms of being a classic that helps to bring in the Christmas season every year. It is a wonderful movie that the whole family can sit down and enjoy together. But most of all, it teaches us the real value of Christmas. It is not just the gifts, the trees and the food; but it is just being together and the goodwill that is expressed at this time of year.s 'magic' level high in the film.    Conclusion:    This is now a Christmas staple in terms of being a classic that helps to bring in the Christmas season every year. It is a wonderful movie that the whole family can sit down and enjoy together. But most of all, it teaches us the real value of Christmas. It is not just the gifts, the trees and the food; but it is just being together and the goodwill that is expressed at this time of year.
B001TH8UUA|5.0|These cables deliver great HDMI 1080P preformance for a fraction of the cost of Monster Cables at the big-box retailers.
0374158460|1.0|Oprah shouted from the rooftops about this book, so I bought it.  I read it, read it, and read it again.  I was continually bored, found the characters to be nothing short of stupid, there was no real plot that anyone could care about, and simply - overwhelmingly, it is one of the most boring books I've ever encountered.  If you must read it, good luck.
1932100660|5.0|The China Study is a very informative book on the benefits of a low fat, plant based diet.  Cures for cancer, high blood pressure, diabetes and a host of other diseases common in the developed world are documented. The reason our government doesn't embrace and promote these cures is also explained.  A must read for anyone interested in good health!
B003WSFXKY|4.0|I was looking forward to this album, but on first listen was underwhelmed by most of the tracks. Santana's guitar playing is excellent, as always, and I loved it from the first listen, but some of the guest vocalists didn't do much for me. I've grown to like some of the vocals more after a number of listens, but for me most of the vocals still get in the way of what it was I bought the CD for, the guitar riffs, and they don't add that much to the song, like other guest vocalists have in previous Santana albums. India.Arie and Joe Cocker deliver great vocals, though I would have liked to hear Joe Cocker covering a song that I knew. I've not listened much to Chris Daughtry since his appearance on American Idol, but he does a decent job singing Photograph, if you like Nickelback sound-alikes. Gavin Rossdale on Bang a Gong does a better than mediocre job. The remaining vocalists seem to me like fish out of water, like they were trying to do a different version of the song than what Santana was playing. Speaking of fish out of water, what the heck was Nas doing on this album?<br /><br />If you buy only one MP3 track from this album, make it While My Guitar Gently Weeps. It has the best vocals, no contest. If you buy the album, though, buy it for the guitar riffs, and hope that your favorite guest vocalists live up to your standards.<br /><br />If I were rating this album based only on the vocalists, I'd give it 3 stars. If I were rating it based only on the guitar riffs, I'd give it 5 stars. So I'm averaging the two and giving it 4 stars.
B0040QYROA|5.0|This is my third version of this film, which I have watched several times, and even used in a Cultural Geography class, but this most recent restoration is, of course, far and away the best.  I do not need to recount the plot or anything about the movie here, because the story is so well known.  But, based on some other reviews here, I thought there might be a complete dropoff in film quality for some of the restored footage.  Yes, some of the added footage is different in quality from the stock I remember from my older Kino version, but it actually fits well and the visual change is not as jarring as I had been led to believe from some reviews here.  In addition, though I had watched the film numerous times, the added footage definitely HELPS THE STORY make sense.  The two characters in the movie whose motivations and actions are finally clear, when they weren't before, are Rotwang and the Thin Man.  Those two characters are integral to the story, and they finally make sense.  And the role of the club Yoshiwara (sp) finally makes sense.  The restorers involved in this project do not need my blessing, since that has been rendered by film experts much more knowledgeable than me.  But, I do want my fellow Amazon readers to know that this is a substantial improvement over other versions, and that the added film stock fits well with the previously released film.  You need to have this in your collection.
B00005Q45W|5.0|I actually had a friend driving with me that said for once she liked the music I was playing. Of course, it was Leonard's Ten New Songs. Bravo!
0893860220|5.0|Expedient delivery, only took 3 days to get the book. There isn't really much to say. I will save my projections to myself. But, I will say this... The body-mind that once lived is now dead and will never live again. I am eternally free and the reading of this book will do the same for you.
0345505387|1.0|I am a huge Diana Gabaldon/Outlander series fan and have read or listened to all of the books in the series multiple times, but I feel like a sucker for ordering this book. The \\"story\\" or comic book very superficially and loosely parallels the first part of Outlander and it's characters, but adds nothing to enrich the original....no depth to this at all. The pictures are good, but there are definite Asian influence in the facial characteristics of some of the characters faces (esp. Claire in several of the pictures) which doesn't fit the series or the vivid way the characters are described in the original novels. My recommendation is to save your money for the next book in the series and just check this book out at the library if you are a fan and must \\"read\\" it.
B000B8L6LI|5.0|THIS WAS A GREAT GIFT ITEM AND WAS AT A VERY GOOD PRICE THE SHIPPING WAS FAST AND ALSO FREE, THE QUALITY OF THE LANSKY SHARPENERS ARE   AAA+
B002VPE1WK|2.0|When I received this product it seemed a good value for the money, especially since it was over $30.00 cheaper than all the others.  The first time I used it however I found out why.  I hadn't even loaded it completely yet and picked the bag up by the carry handle on top and the handle ripped off the bag on one side.  Needless to say I wasn't very happy since there was over $2,000.00 worth of camera equipment inside that had now bounced off of a concrete floor.  I guess now I'll find out how good the padding is in the bag.  I am returning it for a replacement and hope this was a one time problem, but I will check all the straps and handles before putting my equipment in it. I was happy with the bag and it dimensions, straps and versatility until that happened.
B00006D295|4.0|My friend asked me to order this for her because Amazon had the best price & it's one of her favorite movies.<br /><br />She said the DVD works great, there were no problems & the menu was straight forward & easy to use.<br /><br />Sorry I can't say more than that, but I don't know from personal experience.
B004AUGJS8|3.0|Ryan Gosling is among my favorite actors and I thought he was brilliant as the bizarre David Marks.<br /><br />I did not like this movie probably because it's based on a true story and it's very disturbing and<br />alarming.  I thought Kirsten Dunst was okay and Lily Rabe was excellent.  Having researched this story<br />before watching the film, I still was not prepared for how difficult emotionally I would find it to be.
B001KVZ6ES|5.0|There is much more to Clint Eastwood than I thought.  It's not just Dirty Harry and 'go ahead and make my day' etc. This was a touching betrayal of a tough guy 'at least on the surface' and some cultural challenges and barriers broken and new friendships and love and compassion and ultimate courage and the ultimate sacrifice and it's very entertaining too boot and loved the ending.  I really loved this movie and hope Clint is around and making and starring in movies for many years to come. I would like to rate this movie higher than 5 stars if more were available.
B000SEHG5U|1.0|This book is an abomination. Richard Dawkins is the most self-righteous man on the planet. The whole book tears others down to make himself feel better about his pathetic self.
0790729601|5.0|I thought this was a cool movie when I was in middle school. When I revisited the film as an adult, I realized how terrible and unintentionally funny it is - especially 15 years after the fact. I gave it five stars, because it is gloriously cheesy. It is, in my opinion, all of the over-the-top elements of Schwarzenegger's film career bundled up into one movie.    My friend and I were compelled to make a downloadable \\"iriff\\" for the film - a running commentary that offers jokes throughout the whole thing (you can find it at the Rifftrax website).    Eraser has plenty of the usual fare for a 90s action flick: crazy villains, an annoying female lead, a specialized government agency full of corrupt employees, a bad guy with a scar on his face, henchmen who either refuse to shoot or insist on missing, and a climax at (drumroll please) THE DOCKS!    Eraser also breaks new ground. Ah-nuld is forced to do battle with CGI alligators, drag queens, and gravity itself. (Okay, he doesn't actually fight the drag queens. But I think he should have.)    Along the way, Arnold teaches us some valuable lessons. Lesson 1: Don't put someone else's butt on the line just to make your own job a little easier. Lesson 2: Who you really are is on the inside, and no one can take that from you. Lesson 3: When things are at their absolute worst, you can always count on the mob.    Did I mention that the CGI alligators in this movie roar like lions? That alone would merit the five star rating, but thankfully it is just one of the many qualities that make this a timeless classic.
B00377V6J2|5.0|I have had this CD for 15 years but this is the DVD & CD together! If you love SRV, you will see who he idolized and why. Albert showed Stevie the path & this wonderful DVD is a must to have! 5 stars!!
B0041L0Z1S|4.0|This is a British TV Series that is based on Jane Austin Novels.   It's very well produced and well written.  The acting is top notch and the plot is interesting so far.  It is fairly entertaining and if you enjoy British TV then you will probably enjoy this.  The main character is a mischievous \\"match maker\\" who torments everyone around her.
B0006GAO3G|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies of all time. I have three different versions of this on DVD dating all the way back to the infamous warner snap case. Finally they released one that had special features! If you're a fan of this movie, obviously this is a no brainer. If you don't like this movie, what's wrong with you? :-)
B0040JHWKS|5.0|This is an excellent 2 CD release as an accompaniment/'companion' to 'Darkness On The Edge Of Town', the great 1978 CD release. The CD is aptly titled \\"The Promise\\" : Bruce Springsteen handsomely fulfills \\"The Promise\\" of a wide variety of solid tracks/gems as well as great tracks & 'different versions' of tracks we know that were left out during the recording of 'Darkness On The Edge Of Town'. The 'sound' of the tracks in this 2 CD release is more of 'Darkness On The Edge Of Town' & less of 'The River' CDs. CD 1 has 10 tracks, opening with \\"Racing In The Street\\", a slower, 'mellow' & longer version (7 minutes) of the well known track. Solid tracks/gems include \\"Gotta Get That Feeling\\", \\"Outside Looking In\\", \\"One Way Street\\" & \\"Brokenhearted\\". Great tracks include \\"Someday(We'll Be Together)\\", \\"Because The Night\\" & \\"Wrong Side Of The Street\\". \\"Rendezveus\\" is a solid track, a different version that we know from CD, 'The Tracks'. \\"Candy's Boy\\" is a great track that we know evolved into \\"Candy's Room\\". CD 2 has 11 tracks, opening with a solid track/gem \\"Save My Love\\". Other solid tracks include \\"Spanish Eyes\\", \\"Come On(Let's Go Tonight)\\" [a 'different version' & lyrics to what we know as \\"Factory\\"], \\"The Little Things(My Baby Does)\\" [a naughty/funny solid track reminiscent of \\"Pony Boy\\" from 'Human Touch'], \\"Breakaway\\" & \\"The Promise\\". Great tracks include \\"Fire\\" (the favourite live performed track, made famous by the Pointers' Sisters) & \\"City Of Night\\". Okay tracks include \\"Ain't Good Enough For You\\", \\"It's A Shame\\" & \\"Talk To Me\\". On overall, these 2 CDs will mostly be appreciated in the context they are intended : to appreciate the breath & depth of Bruce Springsteen's prolific song-writing ability in the songs that were left out during the recording of CD 'Darkness On The Edge Of Town', a highly recommended listening. If you are 'The Boss''s fan like me, you can't afford to miss this one!
B00445JSX2|5.0|What a show! Throughout their 30 year career Depeche Mode has been known as an extraordinary live band. This most recent tour was no exception. The DVD was brilliantly shot allowing the viewer to take in not only the band members but the state set up and screens. Sound quality was excellent. The bonus CDs were a nice surprise as well. Recommended to any fans of live performances!
0449227421|1.0|I discovered Follett late in the game and have been working my way through his books for that past few months. Here is what I have learned: Follett historical novels are consistently engrossing and entertaining. Follett's present-day thrillers/technothrillers? Not so much. Whiteout, Hammer of Eden, and especially The Third Twin are chock full of wooden characters, implausible plot twists, cornball dialogue, and clumsily inserted political jabs (leftist.) Skip this one and stick to his historical titles which are terrific.
0307473473|3.0|With a title such as this, the reader has certain expectations.  But, alas, a big letdown instead.  While still an interesting read, this book disappoints on many levels.  The first big fizzle is the translation from Swedish to British English; it just doesn't come off very well.  There's not much one can do about the geography, but who other than the Scandinavians know anything about Swedish politics and pop culture?  One would think that Knopf could have had one of their American interns, looking to enhance their resume, translate this from British English to American English; how hard is that?  Next, I was expecting the story to center more around Lisbeth than Mikael -- another fizzle.  While the Vanger mystery was the center of this book, there was too much needless detail about the Vanger family early in the book.  The final big fizzle is with the so called dual plots or problems presented to Mikael.  The battle with the faceless, never present, and otherwise absent Wennerstrom was very anticlimactic, boring, and written with way too much exposition.
B003ZJJFKE|5.0|This is an excellently composed, crafted & produced CD by the legendary Italian guitar maestro Joe Satriani titled \\"Black Swans And Wormhole Wizards\\". CD has mostly consistently beautiful 8 rock tracks, a pop/rock track [\\"Wind In The Trees\\", a solid track with lead guitar like 'vocals'!], a jazz track [\\"Two Sides To Every Story\\", a magnificently crafted jazzy track that would even leave B. B. King impressed] & a fun track [\\"Solitude\\", a minute of 'mellow/laid-back' rhythm guitar strumming]. My favourite tracks from this great CD include \\"Pyrrhic Victoria\\" (great lead guitar & keyboard sounds combinations that in some parts/sections sound so beautiful that you feel 'lifted' to another planet!), \\"Littleworth Lane\\", \\"The Golden Room\\", \\"Wormhole Wizards\\" (title track) & \\"God Is Crying\\". There may not be a \\"Always With Me, Always With You\\" track on this CD, but the CD is so well put together with no weak track to talk of. On overall, this is very consistently well (composed, crafted & produced CD), a highly recommended listening.
0307454541|2.0|I know so many people who told me that this was a fantastic book that they couldn't put down that I thought, well, it must be a great book.  It isn't.  It isn't even a good book.  It's a very commercial book.  Take a mystery, throw a lot of sex, rape, abuse into it, as gory as you can get for a mass audience.  Stir in a character who's a genius on the computer, top it off with some financial maneuvering, and voila...Hollywood can't be far behind.  Much as it tries to be different and shocking - some might even say, profound (what planet are they on?!) - it is, above all, very cliche and contrived.  It's subway reading, nothing more.  I won't bother with the next two.
B003VANOFY|4.0|I've owned this headset for a little over a week now. This is the by far the best headset I've ever owned. It sounds great, people say they can hear me just fine and unlike some of the other posters that complained that people said they sounded funny. No one in either Vent or Teamspeak have said anything about it. They all say I sound like me. (Not sure if thats a good or bad thing tho)  I did go into the microphone settings and adjust it slightly.  The voice morphing is also fun to play with.      I'm also able to move a pretty good distance away from the receiver, before it loses reception.  Roughly 50 feet thats through walls, I'm sure if it was open space it probably would be greater.      I would highly recommend these to anyone out there looking to get into the wireless headset scene.  They are well worth the money, I'm probably going to have to buy another one because my wife wants a pair now.
B002GJU54E|5.0|My daughter enjoyed this book very much.  The Plum series is one of her favorites, she got nearly all of them.
B003GEDLW6|5.0|I randomly stumbled upon Pendulum a few years ago and ended up buying their album \\"Hold Your Colour\\" because of that ridiculously awesome track \\"Slam.\\" I didn't really keep up on them, however. But as soon as I saw that they had a new album out, I bought it without thinking.    Although this album is a little different than previous albums (because of the addition of vocals and full lyrics), I really think it works and it's pretty damn good. There are still some slam-tastic tracks that have ONLY the pure, hard-hitting, kick-ass music that Pendulum is known for. But it also has a few tracks that bleed into metal and other genres, and the more I listen to it, the more I like it. I think that's why they called this album \\"Immersion,\\" because they are getting a little bit more into vocals and other elements that are more or less found in \\"popular\\" music today.    That being said, if you're already Pendulum fan, BUY IT. If you need some kick-ass music to work out to or just feed like a bad-ass mofo, then buy this too! It sounds great when you're running the track, lifting weights, or just cruising through the streets pretending to be a futuristic assassin...or maybe you're a stay-at-home mom and you have a big house to clean every other weekend - this album will put you into the zone and slowly \\"immerse\\" you into the realm of PENDULUM.
B000002GB9|4.0|Styx was a great band on multiple fronts in their prime. With a three pronged lead vocal attack (Dennis DeYoung, Tommy Shaw and James Young) and a musical sensibilty split between 70's prog-rock and big hair arena bands, they were able to have album rock classics and top 40 singles. Their second album for A&M (and 6th overall), \\"The Grand Illusion\\" was the album that found Styx merging into a peak with ambitions.<br /><br />Of course, like many prog-wannabe's in the 70's, they also had a few hang-ups. The lyrics still were locked onto hobbits, castles, damsels in distress, men lost in their wilderness and UFO's. What was profound to a 17 year old fan now sounds kitschy, yet no less enjoyable. And again, like so many progsters in the 70's, there was a concept behind \\"The Grand Illusion,\\" in that fame can be an illusion and dirty trick on those who seek it, and it's often better to just let yourself travel a natural course (best emphasized by Shaw's \\"Fooling Yourself\\").<br /><br />There's also the playing. An edited version of \\"Come Sail Away\\" became the band's second big hit, but on the album's six minute version, spacey synthesizers bob and weave through an extended instrumental break. During the mid section of \\"Castle Walls,\\" the band stomps through a medieval sounding build-up, complete with the kind of keyboard bursts you know were just itching for an over-the-top concert light extravaganza.<br /><br />The flipside is \\"Miss America,\\" a basic hard rocking put down of shallowness and the toughest song here. It's the kind of rock that would explode on \\"Blue Collar Man\\" two years later. Styx's willingness to meld various styles was what made this album so appealing in 1978 (as well as on South Park decades later). \\"The Grand Illusion\\" is the album where the classic Styx line-up becomes crystal clear.
B001E5CH0G|5.0|We absolutely LOVE this movie!!!  It is the best Christmas movie ever!  Would highly recommend it for all ages!!  Will Farrell is soooo funny as Elf!!
0307712508|5.0|One of the best stories I have ever heard.  Listened to it in my car and had a hard time turning it off.  Received in time.
B0012GMZMW|2.0|This disc was not well received when first released and received little airplay.  Steve Augeri was Journey's first attempt to replace the irreplaceable Steve Perry.  They now have the real deal in Arnel Pineda on vocals to bring back that classic Journey sound.  Arrival reminds me of the early 90's Foreigner album with a Lou Gramm replacement singer.  Not a bad disc, but it wasn't the Foreigner people knew and loved.  Same goes for Journey on Arrival.  But, reviewing this disc at the end of 2010, I think it is a good bargain for 5.99.  I do occasionally play the tracks I burned from my brother's copy (I didn't think it was good enough to buy my own when it first came out).  The biggest drawback is the number of songs.  I subscribe to the idea of \\"all killer, no filler\\" and this disc has way to much filler.  I listen to 8 tracks, and don't care if I ever hear any of the rest ever again.  The tracks I like are Higher Place, All The Way, Signs of Life, Kiss Me Softly, Alive Again, I Got A Reason, Lifetime of Dreams, and With Your Love.  I think if the disc was released with 10 songs it would have helped.  Not bad, just not \\"true\\" Journey.  For Augeri era fans, I recommend burning your own disc with these songs plus Remember Me from the Armageddon soundtrack and the songs Faith in the Heartland and Place in Your Heart from the Generations CD. (Warning: Generations is the worst Journey CD ever made.)
1582406723|5.0|Very good trade that after reading will cause you to go out and get the other volumes, believe me. More popular because of the TV series, and I hope many people who enjoy the show will take the time to read the comic, because of course the comic is better in everyway. Of course this is a more mature title so I wouldnt allow children to read it, but for young adults and adults alike very good series and this volume introduces main characters so is pretty vital as an opening to the entire series. One of the best comics still being published today.
B001IAOEXU|4.0|The L2 and R2 buttons on the DualShock3 controller curve inward at the bottom and some people's fingers slip off because of this shape... mine do too, so I bought these dual triggers and overall they are an improvement to the standard controller.  I just wanted something to make the buttons easier to grip.  These triggers stick out much more than necessary to eliminate finger slip, so it seems to be a case of feast or famine, but still my fingers no longer slip off the buttons.  4 stars
B00110K62U|5.0|This    is wonderful to listen to.  love the music..it reminds me of different parts of the musical.
B003I87O2I|4.0|Foreigner was always one of my favorite bands growing up thanks to the songwriting partnership of Gramm & Jones.  Gramm had one of the best rock voices and Jones provided some great riffs.  People complain about Jones being the only original member in the band.  True fans realize that Jones was always the driving force behind the scenes.  I wish Lou Gramm was still with the band but he just can't sing like he used to anymore since his health problems.  So, I would rather have this version of the band then none at all.  If people give this disc a chance, they will realize that Kelly Hansen is a quality singer who can do justice to the back catalogue and the new stuff. I agee with many of the other reviewers that there are too many ballads and mid-tempo tracks.  Can't Slow Down & Too Late really recall past triumphs, while When It Comes to Love and In Pieces can stand with the other classic Foreigner ballads.  I also really like Angel Tonight, and Living in a Dream is good but doesn't quite rock hard enough.  Many 70's and 80's melodic rock bands have tried to recapure their glory days with new discs in recent years.  None did it better than Loveroy's \\"Just Getting Started\\" and REO's \\"Find Your Own Way Home\\" is another good one.  What might have helped this release would have been to \\"trim the fat.\\"  Omit songs like Ready, Lonely, and the unecessary Fool For You Anway re-recording and you have 10 solid tracks that are not weighed down by filler.  If you are a Foreigner fan, you won't be disappointed in this disc.  I can't wait to hear what Mick & Co. will come up with next, and hopefully soon!
B0049P1VHS|5.0|I'm giving the show itself five stars - some of the best television I've seen this year.  But even the sale price at $25.99 is way too high.  The regular price for the set is advertised at $39.98.  They might as well demand the money in a paper bag in non-sequential bills.  We are talking about six episodes.  There are some shows who put out box sets of full 22 episode seasons that don't charge that much.  I give AMC credit for putting the entire season onto one disc but I am not going to spend this kind of money.  I don't know what kind of special features are on the disc but I don't generally shop for those.  I will definitely be purchasing this via video on demand - much better value.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|It was so much better than what I thought it was going to be. Didn't want to watch it in theater because I thought it was going to be a bad movie! Great storyline! Saw it at my friends and had to have it!
B00364K6YW|5.0|Jane Austen had a wonderful eye for describing characters and conversations, setting a stage that drew in the reader.  This video presentation captures all of that and more, creating a wonderful period romance with unforgettable characters.  Curl up by a fire and enjoy!
B0043GAZYS|5.0|We are Sex Bob-omb and we are here to watch Scott Pilgrim kick your teeth in!<br /><br />What else can you say about this movie besides WOW!<br /><br />A friend of mine that watches alot of movies in theaters, told me that \\"Scott Pilgrim vs. the World\\" was one of the years best and that I should definitely check it out on Blu-ray and that I would love it! I wasn't really sold on the original preview personally and I thought he was going to be wrong. I'm also not familiar with the comics by Bryan Lee O'Malley. After watching, I can admit I WAS WRONG! The movie is awesome and it's a amazing Blu-ray film!<br /><br />Micheal Cera seems to find roles in movies that fit him perfectly, I can't imagine anyone else playing the role of Scott Pilgrim and nailing it like he did. He makes this movie with his outstanding performance.<br /><br />I watched the movie On-Demand first and really liked it, then I bought it on Blu-ray and was completely blown away by the special effects and great sound. It's really the finest mix of a movie with video game quality sound and special effects that I've ever seen.<br /><br />Scott Pilgrim is a great character, but he isn't the only one in the movie. I really liked Kim (Alison Pil), Knives Chau (Ellen Wong) and who wouldn't love Young Neil (Johnny Simmons).<br /><br />If you love Blu-ray movies with amazing picture and sound, you need to see this movie. The Blu-ray also comes with the regular DVD and a digital copy, it's well worth the price.<br /><br />Highly recommended!<br /><br />Enjoy!
1558908846|5.0|The biggest disappointment is that you have to watch this DVD version in a small black box on your TV screen. I could not believe that watching it full screen was not an option. I thought the quality of the DVD play was awful too. I have always loved this movie as it slows down with it's amazing soundtrack. I know this film is not very popular but I still hope it eventually comes out on blue-ray. Even though Sylvester Stallone has been critical of this piece of work, I still think it is one of his best and it is something to be proud of!
B002ZG99A4|4.0|It's all about the A-C-T-I-O-N!<br /><br />Reviewers are taking this movie way too serious! This movie is supposed to be fun and be way, way over the top with action! It's exactly that, Stallone knows what he is doing, this movie wasn't made to win awards. Stallone made the movie to do something thats never been done before, re-unite / star every living action star and bring the viewer an exciting movie!<br /><br />The plot is ridiculous, the violence is off the charts and the explosions are plentiful, everything the movie is supposed to be! I grew up watching Rocky take on Ivan Drago (Dolph Lundgren), I couldn't belive my eyes when I found out that they were going to be re-united! As for Randy Couture, Terry Crews, \\"Stone Cold\\" Steve Austin and Jet Li, their hot right now, they're big names and big names draw attention.<br /><br />Jason Statham and Stallone are the two real main characters in this movie, everyone else is just window dressing. Bruce Willis and Arnold Schwarzenegger are also in this movie for one very brief scene. Mickey Rourke's role is also very small in the movie.<br /><br />Slyvester Stallone is not only one of my favorite actors, he is an American icon and I will continue to watch anything he makes or stars in (including \\"The Expendables II\\", which is already in the making)!<br /><br />This movie is made to be watched with the volume up loud!<br /><br />Enjoy!
B003UBTX7C|5.0|This is a really fun book. If you're familiar with the Camel Club this is more of the same. It's over the top most of the time but it's pure fun.
0156027321|5.0|\\"Life of Pi\\" is an amazing read and definitely worth your time.<br /><br />I bought the deluxe illustrated edition and really found the amazing artwork of Tomislav Torjanac to be very supplemental to the story itself. The artwork is beautiful and captures the scenes vividly. For some reason Amazon has chosen to keep the reviews of the illustrated version of the book seperate from the paperback. The illustrated version has only 56 reviews to the 2000 plus for the paperback. The illustrated version is large however and would not be something to read outside the home.<br /><br />Like many other reviewers, I found the beginning to be fairly boring. The zoo descriptions and Pi's life is interesting, however once it gets to the religion part, it does tend to drag on. I think that is were the book gets alot of it's bad reviews, readers get to that part of the novel and cannot get past it.<br /><br />Keep reading people, once you get past the religion section and Pi is on the ocean alone, besides the animals in his life raft, that is when the amazing story really begins. Pi along with the Bengal tiger Richard Parker are two great characters. Pi's efforts to survive day after day and keep himself and Richard Parker alive are breathtaking. The book literallys gets better and better as you get farther along.<br /><br />The ending of the book seems to stir some controversy, it definintely is not the cupcake with a cherry on top ending that most people will expect. The ending is quite a surprise and will make you think!<br /><br />I highly recommended reading \\"Life of Pi\\" to anyone that enjoys reading about animals, survival and tales of survival. If you do read the book, push through the fairly boring beginning and you will be rewarded with a great story!<br /><br />Enjoy~
B00275EHJQ|4.0|There are a curious amount of negative reviews of Toy Story 3, mainly due to some of its scarier scenes.  Many comment on how it made their children cry or gave them nightmares.  That is unfortunate and I feel for those parents, as I have also shown \\"family\\" movies to my kids and was surprised when scary scenes made them cry.  But sad and/or scary scenes are not new to Disney movies or any other family movies.  Remember the death of Bambi's Mom or the end of Old Yeller. Wizard of Oz is a classic family film but is filled with dark scary scenes.  TS3 has some intense scenes that obviously have effected younger viewers.  Some family movies are like that and always have been. Be thankful you have sensitive caring children and enjoy this movie.
B002ZG99CM|2.0|So they tried to update this from the original, but the first one was MUCH better.  Young Smith is too small to be convincing or believable and the plot does not work well.  Things happened too fast, and were not nearly as good as the original.  Perhaps decent if you had not seen the original, but no where near as \\"feel good\\" as the old version.  I can't bring myself to watch it again.
B003S6T62Q|4.0|Very elegant small concert, very classy, but did not sing few of the best hits which I think are a must.
B000PKX2KA|5.0|I've been using my BU-353 with ms Streets and Trips for a month or so and I have to say it has worked flawlessly. It locks on quickly and accurately and does exactly what it's supposed to. I attach it to my dash with a bit of velcro and I'm off. In my job I make between 15 and 20 stops a day and every day is a different route. This has made everything so much easier. If it was lost or stolen, I'd buy another in a heartbeat.
B004259BMM|5.0|I love Keith Urban's Get Closer CD!!!  He truly put his mark on it!! The songs are a total reflection of the love he has for his wife, daughter, family and friends!!  He appreciates the life he has and shares it in his songs.  Up-beat songs great to listen to anytime anywhere!! Buy it and enjoy!!
B003NFM3JU|5.0|Caveat Emptor on the 3D disc in this package.  Unlike \\"Coraline\\" and some other \\"3D\\" titles, the Blu Ray 3D Disc in this four disc package must be 1) played on a Blu Ray 3D player 2) played with a 3D High Definition Television and 3) Viewed with Special Cd glasses that come with either the TV, the Blu Ray player or bought separately.  Unless you have all three, you cannot view the 3D disc in this offering. Just wanted to eliminate any bad surprises anyone might encounter when trying to go 3D without all the right equipment. Otherwise, the regular Blu Ray disc is fantastic and I'm sure the regular DVD and Digital Copy for computers are great too. That's why it gets 5 stars from me.
0743496736|5.0|I can honestly say this is one of the best books I've read in a long, long time.  I was riveted!  I couldn't put it down!
B001IBIHQ4|3.0|\\"Band of Brothers\\" stands as one of HBO's classics.  So many great characters--Winters, Nixon, Lipton, Speirs, Gonorrhea, the list goes on and on. Each character feels real, unique and engaging. When I first heard about \\"The Pacific,\\" I couldn't wait to see it, but from the initial episode I was disappointed, and while it had its bright spots (excellent cinematography), there had obviously been some change in staff since \\"Band of Brothers.\\"    On that issue, The Pacific book was actually written by Hugh Ambrose, the son of \\"Band of Brothers\\" author Stephen Ambrose, and the miniseries was spearheaded by Bruce McKenna, rather than Tom Hanks and Steven Speilberg.  This change in makers results in a lack of cohesion between the soldiers and an overall discombobulated storyline.  In \\"Band of Brothers,\\" fraternal and patriotic commitment drives the men through hard times and Nazis. The Pacific shows a pissy, dark, and shallow group that fails to draw empathy and interest.  Overall, don't make the mistake of assuming that \\"The Pacific\\" is anywhere near the genius of \\"Band of Brothers.\\"  If you do, you will be seriously chagrinned.
0061537969|5.0|Those loving wheels, dogs and/or a compelling story will not be disappointed by this 2008 New York Times bestseller.  Author Garth Stein reminds us about patience, compassion and love as his main character helps a race car driver named Denny navigate troubled waters following the death of a loved-one.  Allow an uninterrupted ninety minutes for the last fifty pages or so.
B00000J0O2|5.0|I've used other brands of toner cartridge in my 1997 HP LaserJet 6L and only the HP branded ones work.  However this is the best price I've ever been able to buy it at.
B003KUSUSQ|3.0|I don't know what all the hype is about. I don't know why Eminem thinks he's \\"finally back to his old self....\\" I think he peaked with the Eminem Show album and has been in steady decline since then. Don't believe the hype.
0525423273|5.0|As cute as I think the cover of ANNA AND THE FRENCH KISS is, I don't think it does the book justice. For one thing, this cover implies that the book is just some sweet, cute little romance about a girl and a boy in Paris. And while it is at times cute--and romantic--and even sweet...it's so much more than that. For one thing, I laughed like a freak reading this. ANNA has a razor sharp sense of humor that appeals to one's intelligence while still maintaining a youthful world-view. Any book that can make me that smiley must be something special. But it's more than just quick-witted humor, you know? Anna's voice is so strong, so incredibly real. All of her actions and dialogue are consistent with who she is. I would have LOVED to have a friend like Anna--no, check that. I would LOVE to be Anna, just like her, down to the bleached stripe and all. Anna is just so genuinely, so beautifully seventeen.     Everything about her is spot on, down to the way she views her dad. I mean, at first I thought to myself, okay, the dad is kind of a weaselly dork, but, whatever, people like him are nothing to get upset about. But to a seventeen year old girl like Anna, a dad like hers would feel like a nightmare, and through her eyes, I actually found myself detesting him just as much--talk about brilliant characterization.    But Anna is more than just a well-written seventeen year old, she's also a stranger in a foreign land, and Perkins does a remarkable job illustrating the trials and tribulations of an expat's life. I've been an expat, and I can't tell you how many times I thought, \\"Yes YES YES! That's what it's like!\\" I have to believe that Perkins must have actually studied abroad. Anna's Paris was the same Paris I've experienced, down to the nutella-filled crepes and the sticky sweetness of mille-feuille. She even goes to Shakespeare and Co, my favorite book store ever! Except Anna's experience was colored by her age, her love of films, and (at first) her fear and resentment (also a sign of excellent characterization). I'll just be upfront with you, if you read this, the first thing you will want to do is plan a trip to Paris. And then you will fantasize what it would be to like to go to school there...and fall in love with a hot English boy. It's just so dang bittersweet because I CAN'T BE SEVENTEEN AGAIN.     Okay, I'll be honest, the way that tienne St. Claire is described doesn't exactly appeal to my tastes. Which is okay because I'm an old person. And he's a teenager. But seeing him through Anna's eyes, it's pretty much impossible not to fall in love with him. He's just so...dreamy. Indeed, every scene is filled with live-wire tension. The romance in ANNA is naturally progressed, but the desire feels so alive, so palpable that these characters and their relationship come to feel so real. But like I said, it's more than just a romance. It's a representation of what it is to be on the cusp of adulthood...the fears and dreams and hopes and embarrassment and sweetness of discovery--all of it reflected in Anna's experience living in a foreign country, which is essentially a perfect analogy for adolescence's evolution (a journey to a place where you haven't yet learned the customs and may not even speak the language). ANNA AND THE FRENCH KISS is a smooth read--funny, poignant, full of heart and sexy as all get out.
B000J5XS3C|4.0|The pre-amp and mixer section work fine. My only regret is that the CD input volume is the same with the master volume. You can not balance the CD input volume with the microphone. I purchase the unit mainly for the microphone preamp and mixer function.
B001IBIHQ4|4.0|If you view this series expecting another Band of Brothers, don't. I thought it dwelled a little to much on the background and personal, off-duty side of things. I would have preferred more from the military view point. All in all, not bad.
B002VECM6S|5.0|This movie was great for the whole family and we loved it and love it! I actually bought this movie so I could share it with friends! Four of my friends have already seen it and returned it and I just lent it out to the next person! :)
B001UV4XFG|1.0|I have read all the books and have seen all the films. Out of the three films Eclipse was the worst. I think the whole entire film was about developing Jacob's character and reducing Edward's character development. To me Edward seemed aloof and distant and the chemistry between Bella and Edward was non existent. Kristen's acting was better in New Moon than in this film. In this film Kristen's acting was very robotic.     The scene transitions were abrupt and choppy and at the end of every scene, Bella is starring off into space. Another problem, is the lack of tension between Edward and Bella, no arguing over Jacob like in the books. The conflict, calculating and over protective nature Meyer's wrote into Edward's character made the triangle between Edward,Bella and Jacob compelling. In this film the writer and director lost Edward's humorous side that existed in the Twilight film and in the books. For example, pertaining to Bella going to Florida alone, Edward writes to Bella \\"with your bad luck not even the black box would have survived.\\"     I have seen Slade's other films Hard Candy and 30 Days. I think Slade does much better with a smaller cast where it's easier to focus on character development. By comparison, I think Weitz did a much better job directing an ensemble cast than Slade. Also, Weitz did a much better job transitioning scenes smoothly. Overall I think Twilight was better at developing character within a small cast and New Moon was better at balancing grandeur and finer moments within an ensemble cast.
B0026NWBY2|5.0|I just enjoy this George Harrison album. His music is timeless and this proves why George Harrison is my favorite of all of the Beatles. I wish he was still on this earth to make music. He is sadly missed and still loved by many.
B000063V8S|5.0|If you are reading this you are not a trekkie.    Really, why are you reading this.    If you had to ask though, I would tell you how great Star Trek is and how it is great social commentary.  I'd also tell you that Spot is a good kittie and you should talk to him and you should pet him, and tell him that you love him.  Oh wait that last part was Data (TNG:Phantasms)
030726999X|5.0|I enjoyed reading this series of books.
0061537969|5.0|I was told about this book from a friend of mine that walks her dog with me. One day our two labs were playing and running in a field when she mentioned the book to me. Never hearing of the book or giving it much thought until several months later when she asked me again if I ever read the book yet. It was then that I decided to read it and it was worth every penny. I finished it in several days and what a great read it was. The way the author tells the story through the eyes of his faithful friend was not only touching but really brings home how events in our life are more connected than we realize. It shows us how mans best friend may be telling us and knowing more than we realize. I loved my dog even before I read the book, but somehow it made me love him in a whole new light and perhaps opened a whole new understanding of what he may be trying to say to me.
B000001ELP|2.0|Music from \\"The Elder\\" is the 9th studio album released by the American band Kiss. It was an attempt on the part of the group to establish Kiss as credible artists, and also to reverse the trend of declining album sales and commercial popularity that had begun in 1979. Instead, the album further served to alienate the group's fan base and represents the lowest point commercially for the group.[citation needed]  To date, Music from \\"The Elder\\" is one of only two Kiss studio albums to fail to earn any US sales certification (the other is 1997's Carnival of Souls: The Final Sessions). Album sales were so poor that Kiss did not embark on a supporting tour for the first time in its eight-year history, opting instead to make a handful of promotional appearances.  Music from \\"The Elder\\" was the last Kiss album on which lead guitarist Ace Frehley appeared until the 1996 Reunion Tour. Frehley, disgruntled with the band's creative direction as well as with the production of Bob Ezrin, stopped actively participating in the Kiss operation by early 1982, and officially quit the group by November that same year.  While \\"A World Without Heroes\\" was later performed on the band's 1995 MTV Unplugged appearance, the entire album has been largely ignored in live performances. During a 2004 Australia show, the band attempted to perform \\"I\\", but bassist/vocalist Gene Simmons had long forgotten the lyrics.  SIMPLE THE ONLY SONG'S WORTH LISTENING TO IS DARK LIGHT AND I.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|If you are looking for a book that is simply amazing you have found your book. Suzanne Collins captures the human mind in such an intelligent way, that you will be thinking about this book for weeks!!!
B000001EKX|5.0|Hotter Than Hell is the second studio album from the group Kiss. It was certified Gold on June 23, 1977, having sold 500,000 copies. The album was re-released in 1997 (along with most of Kiss' earlier albums) in a remastered version. The album peaked on the charts at number 100 without the benefit of a hit single.
0756665949|5.0|A lot of fun to read.  Loaded with all sorts of information from the show, from the minor characters to all the major characters.  Over 1000 pics, details on everything that happened on the show.  The film in room 23 is featured frame by frame, the map in the swam is featured in detail.  Everything you wanted to know about Lost is here.  Would make a great gift for any fan of the show.
B000001FQQ|5.0|Hot in the Shade is the 15th studio album by Kiss. released in 1989. It was certified Gold on December 20, 1989 by the RIAA. It is the first Kiss studio album since 1981's Music from \\"The Elder\\" to feature three members singing lead on the album. It also marked the last Kiss album with drummer Eric Carr before his death in 1991.<br />Featuring 15 songs, Hot in the Shade contains the largest amount of material of any of Kiss's studio albums. Consequently, the album is also one of the band's longest, with a running time of nearly a full hour (58:39).<br />Gene Simmons and Paul Stanley appeared in Kiss makeup for the first time since their 1983 unmasking in the video for \\"Rise to It.\\" Although the scene with Gene and Paul in makeup took place in 1975, the costumes they used were historically inaccurate; Gene's was from the Unmasked (1980) era while Paul's was from Love Gun (1977).<br />Kiss performed the song \\"Hide Your Heart\\" on their 1990 Hot in the Shade tour, which followed this album. Stanley would once again perform the song during his 2006-2007 Live to Win solo tour.<br />Aside from \\"Forever\\", a constant fixture on the band's live performances, the album has been largely ignored on live shows following the reunion of the original lineup in the mid-1990s.<br />DEF RECOMMENDED
0312600844|5.0|This is clearly a love-it-or-hate-it novel, if the reviews on Amazon are any indication.  Five-star reviews and one-star reviews dominate, in almost equal numbers.<br /><br />I have never read Franzen before, and in fact was put off by all the hype surrounding his earlier work.  I read a particularly devastating review of this book in the Atlantic Monthly (\\"The Case Against Jonathan Franzen\\"), so even before picking this up I had a negative impression. I got the book from the library out of curiosity, expecting that I would browse through a few pages, be bored out of my wits, and return the book forthwith.<br /><br />However, I was hooked from the very first page and found it almost impossible to put down.  Franzen's writing satisfies on many levels, but as a pure storyteller who can make a character come to throbbing, pulsating, three-dimensional life in a few sentences, he knows no peer.  He reminds me a little of T. C. Boyle, without the obscure vocabulary.<br /><br />If there is a weakness here, it's that there is not a dramatic plot as such.  It's more a slice-of-life study of a family and a straightforward love triangle, but it's not easy to say exactly what the book is \\"about.\\" Like many great works of art, what it's about will ultimately be in the perception of the reader.<br /><br />Most of the negative reviews found the characters to be unlikeable, which surprises me; they all have serious problems, but I felt sympathy for almost all of them.  As to whether they are believable, suffice it to say that Franzen's storytelling spell is so complete that I suspended any disbelief and surrendered to the story.  And that's what good fiction requires:  suspension of disbelief.<br /><br />Since reaction to this novel is so widely divided, it's difficult to recommend it in the conventional sense: i.e., \\"Don't believe the negative reviews!, etc.\\"  This is not a book for everyone, apparently.  So, all I can do is tell you how much I enjoyed it.  It's certainly worth at least checking out from the library.
B000001ELL|5.0|Dynasty is the seventh studio album by Kiss. The album, and its subsequent tour, were billed as the \\"Return of Kiss.\\" The band as a full unit had not released a studio album since 1977 and had not toured since the Spring of 1978. The album would restore the band to commercial prominence, reaching # 9 on the US Billboard album chart.  Kiss enlisted Vini Poncia, who produced Peter Criss's solo album, to produce Dynasty. After pre-production and rehearsals were completed, Poncia decided to exclude Criss from most of the recording, judging him unable to drum well enough. Criss, by this time, had fallen deep into substance abuse and was also recovering from an automobile accident. He performed on only one song, \\"Dirty Livin'.\\" The rest of the drums were recorded by Anton Fig, who played drums on Ace Frehley's 1978 solo album.  The first single from the album, \\"I Was Made For Lovin' You,\\" marked a rather drastic stylistic departure for Kiss. It had a pronounced disco beat, and was a success at a time when disco was at its peak popularity.  After waiting nearly two years to record lead vocals for a Kiss song (1977's \\"Shock Me\\"and \\"Rocket Ride\\"), Ace Frehley contributed three to Dynasty - \\"2,000 Man,\\" \\"Hard Times\\" and \\"Save Your Love.\\" \\"2,000 Man,\\" a cover of the 1967 Rolling Stones song, would become a concert staple for Kiss and one of Frehley's signature songs. \\"Hard Times\\" and \\"Save Your Love\\" were recorded in the same hard rock style as Frehley's solo album. This was the only Kiss album where Frehley sang as many songs as Paul Stanley and more than Gene Simmons. Simmons, one of the band's primary songwriters and vocalists, sings only two.  While \\"I Was Made For Lovin' You\\" remains a permanent staple on the band's shows, much of the album's songs (other than \\"Sure Know Something,\\" and \\"2,000 Man\\") have rarely been played live after the Dynasty tour. In 2006, Paul Stanley resurrected \\"Magic Touch,\\" which was played every night on the \\"Live to Win\\" tour.
B00005Y1Y3|4.0|The Doors: Bright Midnight - Live In America was released in 2002.  It contains 13 songs from live performances in Philadelphia, Detroit, Pittsburgh, Hollywood, New York, Boston, and a Bakersfield, CA stage recording.<br /><br />My favorite songs on this live album are Been Down So Long, Light My Fire, and The End.<br /><br />It seems to me that if you've heard one live Doors album, you've heard them all.  When they released their box set back in 1997, there was a disc that had an entire New York concert on it.  When I compare the song Build Me A Woman from the box set to the version from Absolutely Live, they're almost identical.  So, my point is that if you want live Doors material, all you really need is one good live album.  The one album I recommend the most is the double CD called The Doors - In Concert, which came out in 1991.  I don't know if it's still available, but this double CD contains every track from Absolutely Live as well as Alive, She Cried.  In addition, it contains songs from An American Prayer and Live At The Hollywood Bowl.<br /><br />The Doors are notorious for (and masters of) re-releasing the same material over and over again, whether it's studio albums, live albums, remastered versions of albums, remixed versions of albums, versions with new guitar and drum overdubs, \\"greatest hits\\" and \\"best of\\" packages, and on and on and on.  Trust me - unless you're a really die hard fan who wants every piece of material The Doors ever recorded, just settle on one live album of your choosing, or take my previously mentioned recommendation.<br /><br />By the way, congratulations Jim on being pardoned by Florida governor Charlie Crist for your behavior at the March 1, 1969 Miami concert.
B000001ELB|5.0|Double Platinum is the first greatest hits album by the American hard rock band Kiss.  Many of the songs on Double Platinum were remixed and significantly differ from their original versions. In the case of \\"Strutter,\\" it was re-recorded with a slight disco beat and dubbed as \\"Strutter '78.\\" Other songs (\\"Hard Luck Woman,\\" \\"Detroit Rock City\\") had sections completely removed, while the beginning of \\"Black Diamond\\" was repeated at the end, fading out at the start of the first verse and giving the song a \\"wrap around\\" feel. Sean Delaney stated that it took eleven days to remix and re-edit the songs.  The original vinyl release, in a gatefold-sleeve, had an embossed, silver-foiled sleeve, with the band members in bas-relief inside. The album was packaged with a printed \\"Platinum Award\\" thanking the Kiss Army for making the band a \\"Double Platinum Success\\". Later reissues would retain the gatefold-sleeve but replaced the logo with a printed, red-type version and the band members were now represented inside by photos rather than the bas illustrations. When the album was remastered for CD in the US it mimicked the original vinyl.  The album was certified Platinum on May 16, 1978 by the RIAA.[1] Ironically it never reached Double Platinum status. In Canada it was certified Gold on June 1, 1978 after selling 50,000 copies
B0043GAZYS|5.0|Scott Pilgrim vs. The World is a picture perfect example of the adapation done right. Each scene oozes with the excellence we've come to expect from director Edgar Wright. Supremely funny, and touching, Scott Pilgrim is definitely one of the most under-appreciated films of 2010.    The combo pack is simply a must have for those who've thoroughly enjoyed the movie. The bluray is loaded with tons of extras. Personally, it is one of the few movies I've actually been interested in watching all the bonus material. The dvd, and the digital copy only serve to sweeten the deal. Simply put, if you're a fan of the comics, this is a must have. If you've never heard of Scott Pilgrim, having read the comics is certainly not a requirement.
B000001ELR|3.0|Creatures of the Night is the 10th studio album from U.S. band Kiss. The album was also dedicated to the memory of Casablanca founder and early Kiss supporter Neil Bogart, who had died of cancer during the recording sessions. The album represented a conscious effort on Kiss's part to return to the style of hard rock that had helped them achieve commercial success with Destroyer and Love Gun given that 1979's disco-inspired album Dynasty had started a sharp decline that bottomed out with 1981's Music from the Elder. By 1982 Kiss knew it needed to deliver on their earlier 1980-81 promise of a heavy record, which they had failed to deliver, if they were to continue as a band. The first key ingredient was songwriter/guitarist Vincent Cusano, with whom the band had recently begun writing and recording, and was soon to replace Ace Frehley as the band's new lead guitarist. Frehley didn't perform on Creatures even though his face (for contractual reasons) was still featured on the album cover; thus this was Vinnie Vincent's first album with the band. (The band later re-released the album in their non-makeup era with a cover featuring Gene Simmons, Eric Carr, Paul Stanley, and their then current guitarist Bruce Kulick.) Some of the earliest pressings of the album mistakenly contained one full side of John Cougar's American Fool. Both Kiss and Cougar were under the umbrella of Mercury Records at the time. Today, those mistake albums are highly sought after by Kiss collectors. Three different covers of this album exist: the 1982 original issue, the 1985 reissue (featuring Bruce Kulick, who was not a member of the band for 'Creatures of the night' and the rest of the band without makeup), and the 1997 remastered version (same photo as the original, but with minor variations in the logo and lettering). However the differences do not end there. The ending of the song Creatures of the Night is more abrupt on the 1985 non-make up release and two songs are interchanged from side toside, Saint and Sinner and Killer. There is also a bootlegged LP which shows up on ebay from time to time which states to be a Brazilian Promo version with Vinnie Vincent in makeup airbrushed over Ace Frehley. Initially this copy fetched upwards of several thousands dollars but it is nothing more than a common bootleg and people should be wary of spending outlandish amounts on it.
B002ZG98C8|1.0|This is the worst movie ive seen this year, it tries to be like kill bill with the blood and twisted theme, but it just garbagee!!!, It doesnt make any sense. Simply Basura de peliculaa!! no la vean.
B000001EL7|5.0|Love Gun is the sixth studio album by the American band Kiss. It was certified Platinum on June 30, 1977 (the day the album released) when it sold 1,000,000 copies. Love Gun was the second Kiss album to ship platinum, and would eventually achieve triple platinum status.  Love Gun is notable for being the first Kiss album to feature a lead vocal performance from lead guitarist Ace Frehley. This makes Love Gun the first Kiss album to feature lead vocal performances from all four band members. It was also the last album to feature the entire original lineup of Kiss on every track, as drummer Peter Criss was replaced by session drummer Anton Fig for much of 1979's Dynasty.  A cardboard \\"Love Gun\\" was included inside the album, along with a Kiss merchandise order form.  The title song, \\"Love Gun\\", has been played on every Kiss tour since its release. Singer and songwriter Paul Stanley has cited it as one of his favorite Kiss songs. It is thought that the song is about Stanley's penis, and in a Role Models film, Wheeler (Seann William Scott) explains it.  The song Shock Me was inspired by an event that took place during Kiss's Rock and Roll Over tour, when Frehley was electrocuted. On December 12, 1976, Kiss performed a concert at the Lakeland Civic Center in Lakeland, Florida. During the opening number, Frehley touched a metal staircase railing, which was ungrounded. Frehley was knocked to the ground, and the concert was delayed for 30 minutes. The show was eventually completed, and Frehley claimed to have lost feeling in his hand for the remainder of the concert.  Tomorrow and Tonight was written to try and recapture the feeling of \\"Rock And Roll All Nite,\\" but never reached the success of the original.   Even though none of the band members attended a cast, the song \\"Plaster Caster\\" was inspired by Cynthia Plaster Caster, a former groupie who is infamous for casting penises of famous rock musicians like Jimi Hendrix, as well as a breasts of a female music artists.  This album is a must have for any KISS fan.
0545265355|5.0|My high school students and I love the Hunger Games.  Amazon delivered them at half the price of Books A Million.  I waited a day or two longer than expected for them to come...but couldn't complain with the free shipping plan.  I buy everything I can from Amazon.  It's like getting a 7% discount for just openning the site, plus they generally have the best prices anywhere.  Thank you A-Zon!
1416583432|5.0|For anyone who truly loves dogs this is essential reading. The author enlightens all of us about what really does go on behind those eyes....and yes....a lot goes on. Being a dog lover I found the book amazingly insightful on many levels. You will be provided insights into doggie \\"gestalt\\" that will allow you to interact with any pooch in a totally different way...and they with you....quite a fabulous read!!!
B003K1EYM6|1.0|Worthless! IPad ver. 4.2 will NOT read a photo SD card. I even made sure the p[hotos were put under the DCIM folder and dumbed the images down to the resolution of the ipad. Managing photos on iTunes between 2 computers is a real hassel. People found inventive ways to use the USB and SD adaptor and Apple sunk that with ver. 4.2.  Do not get the adaptor. The iPad is of course nice, but I bought my wife a a MacBook and was considering getting another Mac to replace my other laptop and desktop. NOT NOW!  I am harshly reminded of the inflexibility of Apple products.  I'll stay PC.
B000QRIGLC|5.0|I don't usually leave reviews, but this book was simply one of the most inspiring books I have ever read. It gives a true account as to what our soldiers experience defending our freedom. It is a page turner and you won't be able to put it down. I am a better person after reading this!
0596806027|4.0|HTML5 Up and Running starts with some history, gives details about how to sense the level of the browsers support for different HTML5 features, as well as information about many of the features.  Some of the key new features covered are: the drawing canvas, audio/video, geolocation, local storage, off-line caching of pages, as well as form additions.    This book is well written and does a good job with what it is trying to do.  This book brings up many of the new features that are added with HTML5 and gives enough details to get the reader started playing with the features.  In some areas there is quite a lot of detail, but the reader will want to use examples and details on the web to augment the book when programming.    The book is not an HTML reference.  It just covers what is new in HTML5 so someone new to HTML should not expect to come up to speed on HTML with this book.  For readers, like myself, who are familiar with HTML and want to get an understanding of what's new with HTML5 this book is a good fit.
031603438X|5.0|VERY ENTERTAINING and quite illuminating.You feel like your Keiths friend after reading this book.He is more coherent than I ever thought.Must read for serious Stones fans.If there is nuclear war and the world is wiped out the only survivors will be cockroaches and Keith.
030726999X|5.0|I am so sad that this is where the story ends. Mr. Larsson has given us a great addition to the thriller genre. \\"Hornet's Nest\\" is the third leg of the trilogy that began with \\"The Girl with the Dragon Tatoo\\". This series of smart, intricate, character driven thrillers has been one of the highlights of my year in books. This installment picks up where the nail biting end to \\"Playing with Fire\\" left off. Salander is clinging to life in a hospital while government force plot to silence her. As with the previous installments, Larsson takes his time with the set up but as the book picks up steam at midpoint, you a richly rewarded for your patience. Without a doubt, Lisa Salander and Mikael Blomkvist are two of the most interesting and complicated characters of this genre. The ending leaves you pained because it is pretty clear that Mr. Larsson had great plans for this team before his untimely death. GREAT BOOK!!
B0001CNRSE|5.0|I figured that I would get this DVD, because I watched this, when I was at my job, since I was downtimed.
0316069485|5.0|Michael Connelly is, without a doubt, the best writer of crime fiction alive today. This installment brings together two of his protagonists (and half brothers), Mickey Haller and Harry Bosch. Haller has been enlisted to prosecute (yes prosecute) a case old case that is in the process of being reversed because of DNA evidence. He asks for Bosch to be assigned as his investigator. As usual, Connelly is in top form. His character development is second to none (although Stieg Larsson was closing fast) and his plotting is extraordinary. He even effectively using the interesting approach of a shifting narrative (the Haller chapters are in the first person, the Bosch chapters are in the third person). GREAT READ!!
B003L20ICO|1.0|if this bluray is any indication of what will get PUSHED upon home movie watchers...then count me out.  this disc spends minutes of time wasting delays trying to find an internet connection.  i dont have my player connected to the internet.  i NEVER plan to connect my player to the internet.  why do i want to 'interact' with others while watching a movie?  is it necessary for the attack on consumers to seep into every crevice of our lives?  the answer to this question is \\"NO\\".  the reality is that the corporate machine will not cease until it does just this.  isnt it enough that we must sit through all the copyright warnings...in multiple languages.  [with no option to fast forward or skip!]  nobody reads this crap.  you gotta believe that the piracy people dont read this crap.  whats the point?  now we must wait for our disc to make attempts to 'connect' to the world of higher consumption.  the actual movie is becoming secondary to all of this corporate greed.  stop.  please stop.  i am beginning to miss VHS.    r z
B0041CGP02|5.0|I am very pleased with my purchase of the Bon Jovi Greatest Hits Ultimate Collection. FIrst of all I was surprised to see 2 CD'S. There are many songs from past and current that I love. Jon Bon Jovi is not only nice looking but he is very talented along with the entire group.I listen to my CD in the car on the way to and from work. The variety of songs bring back memories of my past and  make new memories. I LOVE THIS COLLECTION!! If you are a Bon Jovi Fan I highly recommend it for yourself. The price is right and ordering from Amazon was so easy. I was amazed at how quick I received my Collection. I ordered on a Monday and was at my door on Thursday. Awesome Purchase for me.
0765348276|4.0|\\"Old Man's War\\" is a bit on the lighter side, but as a military science-fiction novel it's very enjoyable.  There's plenty of action, humor, and even a few genuinely touching moments.  It's not deep literature, and it probably won't become a classic; but what it does, it does well.  I was surprised to learn that this was Scalzi's first novel; his conversational descriptors get a little repetitive at times (for example: \\"he said\\", \\"she said\\" being used far too often to wrap up lines of dialogue), but overall this is pretty good stuff.  Definitely worth a read if you are a fan of the genre.  It's just a shame that the sequels were not up to par.
B003MOHX8S|5.0|I'll try to keep this brief.  For 9 dollars (22 tracks-try finding that deal in any other genre), this is, in my opinion, the best orchestra/trailer music buy out there.  From the absolutely epic (Protectors of the Earth is probably my favorite song of any genre) to some beautifully done slower stuff, definitely worth the buy.  Hopefully this works well enough for TSFH that they'll publicly release future albums.
B000NOKAFS|5.0|I ordered the movie for a friend, he said it arrived and he watched the movie.  So thanks to the guys that I bought it from, it all worked well.  As for the movie, I love it, always have.
B001B4JVKE|4.0|I live in the United States and the bonus DVD that comes with the CD will NOT play in my DVD player. Just wanted to let people know. The CD is still worth buying. Highlights include \\"The Closest Thing To Crazy\\", \\"If I were A Sailboat\\" and \\"Mary Pickford\\". Katie is a rare talent and so beautiful, and it boggles my mind that she is not a worldwide superstar.
B00005QZ7U|5.0|I ordered the movie for a friend who lives in the USA, he told me it arrived and he watched it, so it all worked well.  As for the movie, I love it.
B00428CPUY|5.0|Same great music as his other 2 Crossroads events.  This one seems a little looser, less formal but still packed w/over 4 hrs of great music.  Bill Murray returns to MC a group that although aging (BB King, Hubert Sumlin, Johnny Winter) still rocks.  Besides Clapton, ZZ Top, Sheryl Crow, Robert Randolph, Jeff Beck, Buddy Guy, Johnny Lang, Steve Winwood...lots of great music.
B002ZG981E|4.0|With all the similarities to the matrix movie, it is still differnt enough to be unique and fresh. The adventure is both complex and  enjoyable. You would definitely enjoy seeing it twice to fully understand the more subtle parts of the story. Inception is not unlike the Matrix, from characters living in dream worlds, to those who can manipulate their surroundings, and those fighting a corrupt power.
B0041CGP02|5.0|As a huge Bon Jovi fan, I was glad to see that some songs released prior to the last greatest hits compilation Cross Road back in '94 were included this time around. Of course, my favorites from recent albums are not always the ones that end up at the top of the charts, but a great list of tracks nonetheless.
0920668364|5.0|I have read this book to my son since he was born and just bought a copy for my 1st grandson. This book will make you laugh and tear up depending on what stage your son is going thru. I recommend this book to any mom raising her son.
B000SBUCEA|5.0|not many acts have 2 (compilation)boxes and ELP has their share of compilationalbums already, with the 4 CD set \\"Return of the Manticore\\" (RotM) as a highlight, so what can another box offer, especially when since RotM no new material has been issued? Similar to RotM, for which they rerecorded songs from their heydays in the past (of which is Tim Hardins \\"Hang on to a Dream\\" is also presented here), this box \\"From the Beginning\\" (named after one of those beautiful songs by Greg Lake), starts with (original) songs from the bands each of the members played in before devoting their talents to ELP: Lake with King Crimson, Palmer with Atomic Rooster and Emerson of course with the Nice. From then on it has on 4 CD's in chronological order an insight in the development of the band, from the first eponymous album in 1970 through the \\"Live in Poland\\" from 1997. Where RotM has 2 outtakes (\\"Prelude and Fugue\\" and \\"Bo Diddley\\"), which were never released before (and are omitted here) this boxset offers a really beautiful Greg Lake song in \\"Oh, oh My Father\\", recorded in 1971, in between  \\"Tarkus\\" and and \\"Trilogy\\" albums, which albums lacked the space for this extra number, with fine interplay (Emerson grand piano, Lake vocals, bassguitar, acoustic and electric wah wah-guitar, Palmer drums and percussion). It astonishes me that this song has been overlooked with all earlier records, because it deserves its place between the songs ELP has made so far, without doubt. Apart from this song further new material is not presented here. But there is much to enjoy. Most songs are taken directly from the albums, others are taken from singles and therefore edited, or recorded live. Even parts of the Emerson, Lake and Powell album and \\"3\\" (with Emerson, Palmer, Berry) are presented here. The setlist on the 5th CD is a whole concert of the Mar Y Sol festival in january 1972 (after \\"Tarkus\\" and just before the release of \\"Trilogy\\" album, from which \\"Hoedown\\" opens the show). It offers a complete \\"Tarkus\\" suite, \\"Take a Pebble\\" is shortened halfway before \\"Lucky Man\\" takes over, with a different arrangement in the end, i.e. the synthesizerpart. Emerson then goes into a pianopiece before the band sets in and finally the \\"Pictures at an Exhibtion\\" opus is played, minus \\"the Sage\\" and \\"Bluesimprovisations\\" from the live-album with that name. It ends with an extended version of the Nice's \\"Rondo\\" with a drumsolo. So all in all this box h&aacute;s much to offer, more than one assumes to think when considering to buy this or not, after having bought the boxset \\"Return of the Manticore\\". This box does ELP (and their long standing fans) justice. It proves to what this band and it members together and individually were able to do musically and that was a lot. Not only where they formidable instrumentalists: Emerson on grand piano, harpsichord, even accordion, he developed the sound of the Hammond organ and pioneered with the Moog synthesizer and also the Yamaha GX1 triple-keyboard polyphonic synthesizer, Lake as a vocalist and guitarplayer, equally on bass, leadguitar and acoustic guitar, even harmonica, Palmer on drums and (electronic) percussion) they where also gifted songwriters/composers and arrangers plus they where producers and as such there time far ahead. Therefore strongly recommended, although it seems hard to find one, alas.lete \\"Tarkus\\" suite, \\"Take a Pebble\\" is shortened halfway before \\"Lucky Man\\" takes over, with a different arrangement in the end, i.e. the synthesizerpart. Emerson then goes into a pianopiece before the band sets in and finally the \\"Pictures at an Exhibtion\\" opus is played, minus \\"the Sage\\" and \\"Bluesimprovisations\\" from the live-album with that name. It ends with an extended version of the Nice's \\"Rondo\\" with a drumsolo. So all in all this box hs much to offer, more than one assumes to think when considering to buy this or not, after having bought the boxset \\"Return of the Manticore\\". This box does ELP (and their long standing fans) justice. It proves to what this band and it members together and individually were able to do musically and that was a lot. Not only where they formidable instrumentalists: Emerson on grand piano, harpsichord, even accordion, he developed the sound of the Hammond organ and pioneered with the Moog synthesizer and also the Yamaha GX1 triple-keyboard polyphonic synthesizer, Lake as a vocalist and guitarplayer, equally on bass, leadguitar and acoustic guitar, even harmonica, Palmer on drums and (electronic) percussion) they where also gifted songwriters/composers and arrangers plus they where producers and as such there time far ahead. Therefore strongly recommended, although it seems hard to find one, alas.
B000002J2D|5.0|The heavy use of synthesizers dates this album a bit but the lyrics are timeless and truly unique and the vocals still move me.    I've been listening to this CD for decades and I still marvel at how each song is its own \\"story\\" and I never tire of the images that each song conjures up for me.
B002ZG98LO|5.0|Really good plot, doesn't rely too much on CGI.  The first sequel to put the predator back in the jungle with a make-shift team.  Hoping that they stick with this plot rather than continue with putting the Predator in the city, Antartica, fighting Aliens, etc.      This movie is the first of the sequels to capture all the main elements of the original \\"Predator\\" that made that movie so popular.
B00006I53S|2.0|I care for three things in a lens - image quality, ease of use and overall weight. I've used this lens on my Canon 5D for over a year with the following results:<br /><br />Image Quality: The lens is not capable of delivering a truly sharp image under any conditions. It is not sharp by design. This problem is exacerbated by the IS device, when it is engaged. Furthermore, there is significant lateral CA (uncorrectable multicolored fringing) at the edges of the image. The lens is prone to flaring, even with the shade attached. The autofocus is not accurate - the only way to actually focus the lens with autofocus is to zoom to 135mm, focus and then re-compose after disengaging the auto-focus. It is much easier and more precise to focus manually. There is significant amount of complex distortion at all focal lengths, which is not fully correctable in Photoshop, but may be fully corrected using the PT Lens, which has a customized profile for it. The color balance of the lens is fairly bland, but can be boosted in both camera and Photoshop, so this is probably not an issue. This being said, the lens delivers its best at f11.<br /><br />Ease of Use: Considering all of the above, the lens can only be used in manual focusing mode and without the IS. It does not bother me much, but for people who is buying this lens for autofocus and image stabilization capabilities, this is a deal breaker.<br /><br />Overall Weight: This lens is unreasonably heavy and bulky for what it is. It uses a whooping 72mm filter, yet its maximum aperture is nothing to write home about. It is very uncomfortable in the field.<br /><br />Conclusion: I would use this lens primarily as general purpose portrait lens and it will proably do OK. I would not use or recommend it for even casual landscape or any other tuype of photography - it just does not deliver the quality it should for the money. I am going to sell it in the near future.
B000W91RUG|5.0|The package came exactly on time in perfect condition. I appreciated that it came in a small package without any extras inside like packing peanuts.
B0042JTDXK|1.0|I was very excited to purchase this CD only to get it home and find out how awful it was! Maybe I will grow to like it better if I can stomach to listen to it again. I have been a huge fan of Josh Groban's for years! I feel ripped off and so disappointed!
B004259BMM|5.0|The anticipation for Keith Urban's newest album did NOT disappoint!  His first single \\"Put You in a Song\\" gets you singing along from the first note.  \\"Long Hot Summer\\" takes you back to some sounds from the 80's with co-writer Richard Marx.  I hope this writing relationship continues well into the future with past hits of \\"Better Life\\" & \\"Everybody\\"  I'm sure \\"Long Hot Summer\\" will be part of our life's soundtrack.  I also love the fact that Keith does not shy away for songs that he has not written.  When I first heard \\"Without You\\" I thought, \\"How does Keith write such personal songs?\\"  It is such a touching & telling tune.  Then I find out he did not write a note of it.  Keith knows what is true to his soul & his artistry shines for all of us to see.      Please pick up this CD now.  It makes a great stocking stuffer for the holiday.  Plus treat yourself to the extended version(only available at Target stores) gives you 3 additional songs & 4 live tracks(which include \\"Better Life\\" & \\"Everybody\\").  Grab it today.  You'll thank me for it later!
B000003TA4|5.0|Combine the immediacy, pulse, crudeness, and aggression of Sex Pistol's \\"Bollocks\\" with the angst, musicality, subtlety, refinement, and methodical genius of Hendrix's \\"Are you experienced?\\" - and you might arrive at Nirvana's \\"Nevermind\\".    Truly a masterpiece.
0439023513|3.0|I came to this book without having read the first two and with the expectation that it would be too smarmy for my liking. I would have too say that I was pleasantly surprised. Sure there was some smarminess but I didn't find it overwhelming and there was sufficient content to the story to keep it from being escapist tripe. I have to think that anyone who gave this book a one star rating, must have come to it with hopelessly unrealistic expectations.  That is always a risk when a book is part of a series. I think that anyone who's not expecting this book to change their life will come away from it pleased for having read it.
B002OSY2T6|4.0|We purchased this for 5 month grandson- he enjoys it in both fixed and rolling positions- good purchase for functional toy at his age. Solid construction F-P toy
0553381687|4.0|I have yet to finish this book but I am bored at work so I am going to review about half through the book. Just like my title I have enjoyed the book but I can easily set it down after each chapter. So far I say I would read the second book but I'll let you know when I finish it and update this review.<br /><br />*Why I am really writing this review so early*<br /><br />The reviewer who wrote about the amount of sex and rape in this book, I don't agree (thus far). There is sex in the book but nothing that a pg-13 movie wouldn't show or hint too. I was reading Terry Goodkind before this and his books are way out there, so maybe I am jaded, but we'll see. I will update this when I finish.<br /><br />Update:<br /><br />I forgot I wrote this review. By now this is so popular you should just read it.
B0032JTV6U|5.0|Glee  first  season  needs to be  in your fasmily's stockings this Christmas.  Very funny,  entertaining  show.    kenneth haft
B000F8O35U|5.0|Another wonderful movie my grand daughter and I watch
B001FOPODS|5.0|A hauntingly dark and beautiful stop motion animated version of Peter and the Wolf, both unique and artistic. I loved it!
B00428ZRFY|5.0|I'm a HUGE Rihanna fan and this album is incredible. I have all of her albums, but this is the only album that I've pre-ordered. I was a little skeptical about ordering it from Amazon.com, but it came on the right day at the right time. It came securely packaged and that made the experience much better. I really love her album, but I can't rate the album based on how much I like the songs. It's not my place to rate whether she wrote the songs, if she can sing, or if her music sounds like something we've all heard before (examples of some of the reviews that I've seen). It's Rihanna, she's worked hard, and the album is really personal. That there, is  10 stars, 2 thumbs up, a 5/5!!! You can tell by the songs that she really wants us (her fans) to see her soft side after we've seen her hard side (on Rated R), which is really personal. I love EVERY song on the album, but I really love that she went all the way out for this album. She hits higher and longer notes which lets me know that she grew artistically and musically. You can't put a rating on hard work and dedication. If you are a Rihanna fan, you'll love the album. If you're not a Rihanna fan, give her a try.
B002JVWR4U|5.0|So great, just going to rewatch for years to come! As usual Joss Whedon hits it out of the park!!
B0042816YK|5.0|I rented it and watched the Director's Cut, it left me feeling as if it was not one of Miss Robert's best movie's and I found this feeling disturbing. It felt so odd as I love her work, so I watched he Theater Version the next day. And then I got it. This is a movie women should see even if you have to watch it twice. I was disturbed she didn't want her husband when he was so in love with his marriage, that didn't sit well with me, seemed a bit harsh then as you see how her journey evolves you begin to have a new understanding.    I say...rent it...watch it...it's two hours and worth the time...  Debbie
B00436GNVC|3.0|I like many here loved the first cd and while I didn't expect the follow-up to be as strong, I was a bit let down on several levels.  I'll preface my comments by simply saying that this cd should never have been released.  While Rockferry had a seamless flow, this effort is a jumble of mediocre songs at best.  The lyrics are surprising weak and the instrumentals seem a bit forced. Many of the songs test her vocal range and they usually expose a nice, but average voice.  Rockerry worked because her vocals were just on the verge of breaking and her passion was obvious.  It was an understated performanc and I bought every line she delivered.  I will buy her next, only because I think that she will learn that it is not quite time to stray from her comfort zone and she has clearly done just that.  I'm just glad that Rockferry was released first or I wouldn't have bought it as her second effort.  Let's see this as a sophomore fluke and wait to judge her on her next.
B00127RAJY|5.0|Lost 5 lbs and 2 inches in the first week! The workout is difficult but effective. I can't wait to see what the results are after the 30 days!
B003ZSI9YI|3.0|Let's say Phil Collins came to you, and you're a fan of his music, and he says, \\"I've got a bloody great idea for my next album! I'm going to re-create my favorite Motown hits from my childhood because I've been wanting to do that for something like 50 years!\\" What would you say to Phil? Would you gush, and blindly reply \\"That's awesome Phil! Just what I have been waiting for you to do all these years!\\" Or, would you lie and say, \\"That sounds interesting, Phil. I wonder what it will sound like.\\" Or, would you be bluntly honest with Phil and say, \\"Are you ridiculous, Phil? You haven't put out new material in eight years! You really think your fans are going to want to hear you cover your childhood favorites--verbatim, I might add, with no fresh take, over new, original material?\\"<br /><br />Which one would you be?<br /><br />I fall into the category that Phil lost his mind here. At nearly 60, I suppose Phil might feel that he has done everything--numerous number one hits, millions and millions of dollars earned, multiple multi-platinum albums sold, so what else could there be for a man who has it all? I guess nothing. Phil is out of ideas, folks. Instead of coming off a fresh, revived tour with Genesis and heading into the studio to capture some of that mojo, Phil reverts to nothingness. I would have taken a new Genesis album over this. I would have taken a fresh new Collins album of original songs, but no. Phil gives me nothing here but competent re-creations of songs I already own by the original artists who did it better.<br /><br />Were you hoping for \\"You Can't Hurry Love\\"? Nope. Nothing like that here. What about \\"Groovy Kind Of Love\\"? Think again. What about \\"Tomorrow Never Knows\\"? Are you kidding me? I told you already, Phil does nothing but re-create, note for note, the original song with real instruments and his vocals and drums.<br /><br />For example, \\"Papa Was A Rolling Stone\\" by The Temptations--Phil does a note for note performance. I could hear Simon Cowell on American Idol ranting, \\"Phil, you just didn't do anything for me. It was boring.\\" And I could go on and on and on and on, but wait, that's how many songs are on this disc--80 minutes of boredom! 25 tracks (depending on what version you bought, I bought the 25 tracks, more bang for my buck, right?)<br /><br />You know I went back and listened to everything Phil in sequential order beginning with Genesis' \\"A Trick Of The Tail\\" because that is when he took over lead vocal duties. \\"Face Value\\" this is not. Phil needs a kick in the pants. Is this the same man who invented an entire new way of recording drum tracks? You would never know it here. Just because your 60 doesn't mean you can't at least TRY something progressive (this coming from a progressive rock drummer, no less!)<br /><br />Two and a half stars. Mediocre, but competent. Phil's vocals are in fine form, though his voice has changed and he doesn't sound like he used to.<br /><br />Favorite re-make: Why, that's easy, the title track \\"Going Back\\" originally made famous by Dusty Springfield. It has the most feeling infused into it, and you almost get that old Phil mojo back.<br /><br />Here's how \\"Going Back\\" compares with Phil's previous works:<br /><br />1976 A Trick Of The Tail: Four Stars<br />1976 Wind & Wuthering: Four Stars<br />1978 And Then There Were Three...: Four Stars<br />1980 Duke: Three Stars<br />1981 Face Value: Four Stars<br />1981 Abacab: Five Stars<br />1982 Hello, I Must Be Going: Four Stars<br />1983 Genesis: Five Stars<br />1985 No Jacket Required: Five Stars<br />1986 Invisible Touch: Five Stars<br />1989 ...But Seriously: Three Stars<br />1991 We Can't Dance: Three and a Half Stars<br />1993 Both Sides: Four Stars<br />1996 Dance Into The Light: Two and a Half Stars<br />2002 Testify: Three and a Half Stars<br />2010 Going Back: Two and a Half Stars\\"Phil, you just didn't do anything for me. It was boring.\\" And I could go on and on and on and on, but wait, that's how many songs are on this disc--80 minutes of boredom! 25 tracks (depending on what version you bought, I bought the 25 tracks, more bang for my buck, right?)    You know I went back and listened to everything Phil in sequential order beginning with Genesis' \\"A Trick Of The Tail\\" because that is when he took over lead vocal duties. \\"Face Value\\" this is not. Phil needs a kick in the pants. Is this the same man who invented an entire new way of recording drum tracks? You would never know it here. Just because your 60 doesn't mean you can't at least TRY something progressive (this coming from a progressive rock drummer, no less!)    Two and a half stars. Mediocre, but competent. Phil's vocals are in fine form, though his voice has changed and he doesn't sound like he used to.    Favorite re-make: Why, that's easy, the title track \\"Going Back\\" originally made famous by Dusty Springfield. It has the most feeling infused into it, and you almost get that old Phil mojo back.    Here's how \\"Going Back\\" compares with Phil's previous works:    1976 A Trick Of The Tail: Four Stars  1976 Wind & Wuthering: Four Stars  1978 And Then There Were Three...: Four Stars  1980 Duke: Three Stars  1981 Face Value: Four Stars  1981 Abacab: Five Stars  1982 Hello, I Must Be Going: Four Stars  1983 Genesis: Five Stars  1985 No Jacket Required: Five Stars  1986 Invisible Touch: Five Stars  1989 ...But Seriously: Three Stars  1991 We Can't Dance: Three and a Half Stars  1993 Both Sides: Four Stars  1996 Dance Into The Light: Two and a Half Stars  2002 Testify: Three and a Half Stars  2010 Going Back: Two and a Half Stars
B000F1IQNC|5.0|A great family film, fun to watch with good lessons for all. We really enjoyed watching this entertaining movie. The cast is excellent, costumes are good, lots of production value.
B0019N8P2W|5.0|I haven't seen this show in ages but seeing that amazon had the dvd of it made me want to have it. It's a must have for all daria fans and new fans. This dvd will really help you get to know the show, and see cool speical features. The daria day intros are funny and original. All in all great dvd, a must have.
B002ZCY7SW|5.0|What a great tv show, what make me sad is that it is gone only because of money and the people who see it.  Not many people can follow shows like this because they rather watch some other dumb stuff, To me shows like 24, alias, 21 jump street, A-team, battle star galactica left before there time, give the ones like 21 jump street and a-team were cool and some of the flow went away, but 24 should have kept on going.   To me Shows that look so great go away so quick and what i liked the most about getting all of these dvds was that they never came in packages like season 1 volume 1 or 2. To me if they keep that up what a waste of money and time.   Eureka what a great show, but they bring it out just like that boo come the whole season. Or as Caprica comes out 1.0 and soon 1.5 give me a break. Then NO more shows because poor viewing boo. To me SciFi is a great channel keeps up with some great shows but at the same time they cancel shows too quickly. So in ending who ever loves 24 get it now before every single show and dvd goes to blue ray boo. Or they bring out a show with all the seasons and put it in one box with single dics but with paper to keep the dics in boo.   So get 24 before blue ray takes over the world.
B002ZG98ZA|5.0|This movie's good to waste two hours with some witty, mostly, banter and pretty clothes. Plot wise, this movie's useless and don't really provide any real development and I felt one of the conflicts was kind of unnecessary, but on a strictly superficial sense and for any Sex and the City fan, it's fun.  I like that this version comes with Digital and DVD copies of the movie so you can enjoy it pretty much anywhere, even at a friend's house.  Overall, fun movie, pretty clothes, non-snobbish peek at the lives of the rich.
B0042JTDXK|1.0|Me and my friends use Josh's previous albums (particularly the 'Closer' and 'Awake' albums) to fine-tune our hi-fi stereo systems,   because the music in those albums were all great and full of emotions and the recording quality of those alnums were superior, too!!    We pre-ordered five copies of 'Illuminations' the minute we knew it was coming. After listening to it, we were so so disappointed   on the poor recording quality of this album, the strings on the background sound so much like it's coming from synthesizer not from   the real instruments and the music is so dull and boring,  Josh's voice is not even relaxed at all.  The arrangement on every songs are so simple, most of the songs opened with an simple acoustic guitar and piano, sound very much like a low-budget  recording product!     This is simply not the original Josh we like, it is a new Josh's voice that me and my friends feel very hard to like it.  I don't think I will pre-order his next album unless I preview it.
B0043ZDU1E|5.0|I was excited to receive Loreena's new Cd. How surprised & thrilled I was when I heard Her, the orginal voice & the lyrics that drew me to Her in the beginning.<br />  She is the best in singing Her spiritual roots in Irish & English ballards and folk songs. This is Her, straight up. Anyone who loved Her early works, go for this one, its a treasure.<br />Listen & dream,<br />Donna Swindells
B004289ZW0|1.0|came with no directions or pin number to install it to the Ipad.can't shut off.woul like to here from someone who has it working
B0041KKYEM|5.0|This is one of the most \\"BRILLIANT\\" films I have seen in long time. Its the story of a girl who goes mentally INSANE to say the least. Natalie Portman has always been one of my favorite actresses. And Mila Kunis I have always thought had such a straight forward and hard edge about her. The movie delivered everything and anything you could ask for. Beautiful cinematography - high sexual tension - fantasies and lurid intense horror and mayhem ! Her performance was amazing very much out of her character. I have never seen Natalie Portman like that and never thought she was capable of such. Beware, there are a lot of disturbing images in the film as well as mutilation sequences. I can't wait to own this film when it comes out finally on Bluray. In my opinion this is a cross between Showgirls and Mulholland Dr. But I think this movie is definitely in a league of its own for sure. I waited two hours before I could even get into the theater but it was worth it. I just don't want to spoil the film for anyone out there so this will be a short review. Go see the film it's her best since \\"Closer\\". The thing that you will have do decipher the most is what is happening. You have to depict between what is real and is not real and some of the sequences are obvious. \\"Black Swan\\" is like one long Nightmare that shows how the mentally insane thinks. Some images will make you cringed in your seat for sure.
B002JCMZA0|3.0|I saw the previos reviews and didn't want to believe them.    Too bad, as they were right.   Just not her best effort.    Stick with her previous recordings to get the best of Diana Krall.
B003F3NDOE|5.0|The item was delivered to me in perfect condition however I found it out of my door. someone could have taken i,t while I was out.  Nobody did this so there has been no problem. By the way, I got the item 3 weeks earlier than it was promised.Thanks
B000056HE9|5.0|It was great to see this oldie once again and enjoy it more than ever.  It is also great to view movies that don't need ratings so the whole family can enjoy movies of this quality.  Can't find much out there with values like this one.
B0042JH0EE|2.0|I DON'T UNDERSTAND THE MOTIVATION FOR THIS DVD. IF ONE IS TO DO THESE TIMELESS CLASSICS THEN GIVE THEM A MAKEOVER AND SPICE THINGS UP A LITTLE. THIS SHOW REMINDED ME OF A BAD ROD STEWART SONGBOOK COMPLETE WITH TUX AND BIG BAND. MOST OF THESE SONGS SOUNDED THE SAME WITHOUT MUCH EMOTION. I DON'T THINK PHIL NEEDS THE MONEY SO FIND SOMETHING TO SING THAT SHOWCASES YOUR TALENT. SORRY PHIL, BETTER LUCK ON YOUR NEXT PROJECT......
B0042RUMIW|5.0|Sting's voice and performance is outstanding, heartfelt, incredibly beautiful. The creativity of how he managed to remake his songs with the multiple sounds behind him from the Royal Philharmonic is simply a work of art, a must have.
B004DK5CW4|5.0|Although it really wasn't true that Secretariat saved the farm, you cannot deny the amazing story of this animal. While at the Would Equestrian Games in Kentucky in October I saw an exhibit for Secretariat in one of the museums at the Kentucky Horse Park. It was courtesy of Disney, of course, and it not only heralded the upcoming movie, but what was going on in the early 70s with the protesting and unhappiness against the war in Vietnam. The people needed a hero, and Secretariat Was that hero. The movie is extremely well done, and has an excellent cast. When my friend and I saw it in the movies, people who probably knew nothing about horse racing were cheering for Secretariat as he blew the field away at the Belmont. I had the pleasure to meet Kate Chenery at the WEG, and she assured me that I would not be disappointed with the movie. Actually, no one else would be, either... It's a must have.
B00000IMTH|1.0|I bought this because AMAZON stated as follows:<br /><br />Product Description<br />Japanese only SHM/SACD paper sleeve pressing. Please note you will need a dedicated SACD player to listen to the disc.<br />Well - this certainly led me to believe that this was a SACD disc.  Which, it is not.  It's a standard CD and I am no happy at all.  I would never have purchased this had I known this was not accurate.<br /><br />What a complete ripoff.<br /><br />EDIT - after a little more research, I guess, officially it is SACD.  Come on.  Claims to not play in standard player.  Don't know about that.  Clearly, this disc sounds inferior - even if it were standard CD, I'd be very disappointed.  Again, I'm reviewing the sound quality, not the music. All of my \\"real\\" SACD are advanced resolution and as such generally have superior sound.  If this is advanced resolution...... I'm not buying it.  If you want this for superior SACD audio, then please, don't bother.
B00008976Y|2.0|This was the 2nd most depressing movie I've seen, of late.   I am unable to recommend it to ayone
B003NFM3JU|4.0|Because I'm a techno-geek, I went to the \\"Behind the Scenes\\" parts before I ever watched the movie.  While the creators patted themselves on the back about how faithful they were to the spirit (pun intended, I'm sure) of how Dickens probably visualized the movie, I had to see for myself, of course.<br /><br />Then I watched the movie.  All of my comments are based on what I have always felt about this classic.<br /><br />The good:<br />* A very good Scrooge.  Jim Carrey's Scrooge is the Scrooge of my imagination, from my childhood.  This is one time I have to agree with the creators of the film.  This was the perfect Scrooge.<br />* A very good Tiny Tim.  Ditto for everything I said about Scrooge, this was the perfect Tiny Tim.<br />*  The doorknocker. FINALLY! One that's true to the book!<br />*  Jacob Marley rocked. The best, ever. Dickens described the ghost of Marley as having an \\"atmosphere\\" about him and this movie displayed that.  This was great.<br />* A very good Ghost of Christmas Past. While this is quite different from what I had always pictured, I liked the interpretation.<br />* I'm in my late 50s and have been reading this book every year since I was a child (raised my children on that tradition), and have been disappointed with most movie characterizations of these main characters.  If it took \\"motion capture\\" to get there, then that's okay.  It works.<br />* The scenery was stellar.<br />* I have a blu-ray, so really enjoy the increased resolution. As expected, excellent Disney attention to detail.<br /><br />The not so good:<br />* Miniaturizing Scrooge. Really?  Couldn't get past the silliness factor of that idea, especially since there seemed no plausible reason as to why it was necessary in the telling of the story.  How in the world was *that* true to what Dickens meant?<br />* The whole 3D thing was, in my opinion, somewhat overdone.  There are a lot of great parts that I feel were left out in favor of the 3D experiences which had nothing to do with the book.<br />*  The Ghost of Christmas Future had this whole Darth Vader-ish mojo going when they finally did a closeup of his face.<br />*  Considering the amount of detail and work put into the movie overall, I was surprised that the ending was so truncated.  Not *disappointed* because it was more accurate than Scrooge running around the floor with a rat (this *is* Disney, after all), but surprised.<br />* Little details of the book that somehow got either dropped or not fleshed out the way that I expected from a version that was supposed to be \\"very true to the spirit\\" of the book.<br /><br />The unfleshed:<br />* Only one person in Old Joe's<br />* Fred's party<br />* Only one of the fund-raisers met with Scrooge after his experience<br />* Bob Cratchit speaking of meeting Scrooge's nephew after Tiny Tim's death<br />and a few others...<br /><br />The deleted:<br />* The hearse up the stairs.<br />*  Scrooge's praises of Fezziwig<br />*  The complete breakup of Scrooge & Belle<br />*  Belle's family scene<br /><br />There were several others, but these few scenes were very key to the telling of the story, and I feel that they were eliminated because of the 3D action gimmickry parts.<br /><br />Overall, I felt that it was a very good interpretation of the book.  It may be a little scary for youngsters, but it *is,* after all, a Ghost story.  I found myself getting quite impatient with many of the parts made to emphasize the 3D effects (flying through the air over roofs and chimneys, getting stuck in the curtain rings, riding an icicle, etc.) because I felt that *some point* it detracted more than added to the quality of the movie.  I don't have a 3D tv yet, but I can see where it would be fun to watch. No, I didn't see the movie in the theaters.<br /><br />I would definitely recommend the movie.  I can see it becoming a family tradition, especially if there are young children around.  I bought it to show to my grandchildren for the holidays for years tocome.  Too bad there's not a version for adults.
B002VWNID6|1.0|I bought this because the extended edition DVD/blu-ray was disappointing compared to the theatrical release, with key lines of  expository dialogue being clumsily cut out, making the newly added footage nonsensical. However, although the packaging for this theatrical edition is new and advertises a new DVD, the DVD is clearly from the awful earlier release. The problems with the old release is that you are inexplicably forced to eject and flip the disc halfway through the film, which is also presented in the horrible non-anamorphic widescreen format- both of these limitations are almost unheard of. The new packaging in this release claims that it is an anamorphic format, and this is the first DVD out of thousands I've purchased that has ever brazenly lied about that. DO NOT BUY THIS DVD. Hope that a theatrical edition of the film is eventually released with a decent transfer.
B003SLE6DA|2.0|I expect that this is a very interesting book, as I have read Reappraisals by the same author.<br />But the inset pages with photographs seem to be missing. I have leafed through all 960 pages. There are maps, but no photographs, but according to the Photo credits, there should be four inset sections with each 8 photographs.<br />I hope this will be remedied!
0817439390|5.0|Bryan Peterson is truly a gifted photographer and instructor. This was the first photography book that I read, and I found it not only instructive, but very inspirational. The text is well presented and easy to read, and the photographs are excellent. Highly recommended for anyone looking to get started in photography.
B0041KKYEM|5.0|Peter Tchikovsky's great ballet, \\"Swan Lake\\" tells the story of a princess who has been transformed into a white swan and needs true love to be redeemed.  Her redemption is thwarted by an evil character, the black swan. Director Darren Arnofsky's new movie, \\"The Black Swan\\" is based upon Tchaikovsy's ballet with a new symbolism. In the movie, the ballet director, Thomas, (Vincent Cassel) decides to give a new reading to the much-performed ballet by having the same ballerina perform the character of the white and the black swan, a taxing role indeed.<br /><br />Thomas holds auditions for the part. A dedicated, long-standing member of the company, Nina (Natalie Portman) auditions and is told she would be perfect for the white swan but lacks the passion and evil and ability to let herself go -- qualities necessary to play the black swan.  Thomas wants to cast a rival, free-spirited walk-in dancer, Lily (Mila Kunis) for the part, but an unexpected passionate outburst from Nina convinces him otherwise.  She gets the part.<br /><br />Nina is a devoted and gifted dancer. But she is prim and proper, represses her impulses, and his limited sexual experience.  She lives at home with a domineering mother, herself a failed ballerina. Throughout the movie, in many rehearsals and other contacts, Thomas tries to work with Nina to get her to lose her inhibitions in order to portray the black swan as well as, most likely, to seduce her.<br /><br />The movie develops a great deal of sexual tension and jealous rivalry between Nina and Lily. In a life devoted to art, Nina gradually changes from a character neurotic and repressed to a woman of sexuality and passion able to understand and dance the black swan from within.  The price of her increased gift as a dancer is madness.  The movie suggests something of the nature of good and evil -- their polarity but also their disturbing relationship and identity.  The movie also suggests the commitment and single-minded devotion of artistic creation.  It is also a subtle horror story about the descent into madness.  Not least, the movie reminded me of Tchaikovsky's great score, played throughout, which I have not heard for a long time and which I want to revisit with this movie in mind.<br /><br />\\"Black Swan\\" premiered at the Venice Film Festival in September, 2010 where it received an overwhelming response. It has been a surprising success at the box office. The movie is similar in many ways to an earlier film of Arnofsky's, \\"The Wrestler\\" which describes how an aging, ill, and washed-up professional wrestler must pursue his passion for his sport even at the cost of his life.  A consuming and ultimately killing passion, the films suggest, is at the heart of both the tawdry world of professional wrestling and the artistic world of ballet.  Vincent Cassel, who portrays the lustful but gifted Thomas in the \\"Black Swan\\", gives a stellar performance, similar in many ways to his role as the French gangster Jacques Mesrine in \\"Public Enemy No. 1\\".<br /><br />Robin Friedmanubtle horror story about the descent into madness.  Not least, the movie reminded me of Tchaikovsky's great score, played throughout, which I have not heard for a long time and which I want to revisit with this movie in mind.    \\"Black Swan\\" premiered at the Venice Film Festival in September, 2010 where it received an overwhelming response. It has been a surprising success at the box office. The movie is similar in many ways to an earlier film of Arnofsky's, \\"The Wrestler\\" which describes how an aging, ill, and washed-up professional wrestler must pursue his passion for his sport even at the cost of his life.  A consuming and ultimately killing passion, the films suggest, is at the heart of both the tawdry world of professional wrestling and the artistic world of ballet.  Vincent Cassel, who portrays the lustful but gifted Thomas in the \\"Black Swan\\", gives a stellar performance, similar in many ways to his role as the French gangster Jacques Mesrine in \\"Public Enemy No. 1\\".    Robin Friedman
B000035P5E|4.0|The year is 1944, and a German spy (code name:  \\"the Needle\\") has photos that could damage the Allies' plans for D-Day.  While trying to get the photos to a U-boat, he is shipwrecked on a remote island off the coast of Scotland, which is home to a disabled man and his very lonely wife.<br /><br />This movie is very intense and scary, thanks to Donald Sutherland who plays the Needle, a cold and calculating killing machine who racks up quite a body count.  He's convincing even though his British accent isn't.  Kate Nelligan costars as the needy wife who rescues him and then falls for him.  Her British accent is quite good and she is excellent in the part.<br /><br />The rain-soaked island with waves crashing on its cliffs is picturesque at times and also very claustrophobic and creepy at the end.  Miklos Rosza's (\\"Ben-Hur\\") chilling score adds to the excitement.  The last half hour had me on the edge of my seat.  Recommended for those who like WWII thrillers.  With violence and nudity.
0743270754|5.0|I was actually reading this book during the 2008 presidential primaries; I was a supporter of then-Senator Barack Obama. I could not help but notice some of the similarities of a tall skinny lawyer with little Washington experience running against a more seasoned senator from New York in Hilary Clinton. Later as the future president won the nomination, it turned out that he had read this book as well and had mentioned it to the press. When he was elected over John McCain in November, he would take Senator Clinton on as his new secretary of state.<br /><br />David Herbert Donald in his famous Lincoln biography[[ASIN:068482535X Lincoln]] gave us an intimate look into Abraham Lincoln the man. In this Pulitzer Prize winning work, Goodwin elegantly describes the inner working of the Lincoln Administration. The Lincoln presidency was the most accomplished on record. The Polk administration was the only presidency that accomplished all that it set out to do at the start, but Lincoln's accomplished far more than even they could have dreamed in the beginning. Not only would the nation be saved from being torn in half but also slavery itself would be eradicated in all legal form from the nation forever.<br /><br />Although Goodwin's work focuses mostly on the team and its players, she also discusses how their families also played an important part. The team was as follows:<br /><br /> Abraham Lincoln, the President. The clear but not undisputed leader of the group, the president came out of nowhere to capture the Republican Nomination from men far greater experience. Only a former one-term congressman, Lincoln managed to win the nomination and ultimately the presidency. He would assemble and lead his Cabinet through the darkest times in our nation's history.<br /><br /> William H. Seward, Secretary of State. Lincoln's number two, who was considered the front-runner going into 1860 Republican convention. Seward was the Senator and former Governor of the State of New York. Senator Seward had the most delegates going into the convention, but lost out to Lincoln. This was a good thing considering Seward's bright idea to stop the Civil War was to declare war on England. Although that bullet was dodged, he did serve as an able to Secretary of State to President Lincoln and the nation.<br /><br /> Salmon P. Chase, Secretary of the Treasury. Secretary Chase was Lincoln's chief rival in the cabinet but an effective Secretary of the Treasury. Chase had been the sitting Governor and former Senator of the State of Ohio going into the convention. He was a devote Christian, a die-hard abolitionist, and an ambitious politician. Although an ambitious politician, he was not as skilled as Lincoln.<br /><br /> Edward Bates, Attorney General. A conservative family man who is the senior statesman of Lincoln's team of rivals, he would be the person involved with many of the legal aspects of the administration. He and Lincoln were the representatives of the old Whig party in the cabinet.<br /><br /> Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War. Taking over for the most incompetent Simon Cameron, Stanton was the `tough guy' of the administration, considering most popular politicians, as a habit, have a tough time saying `no'--Lincoln would make fun of himself for this--Stanton would be that back bone that could tell people things they did not want to hear.<br /><br />\\"In fact, as John Nicolay later wrote, Lincoln's `first decision was one of great courage and self-reliance.' Each of his rivals was `sure to feel that the wrong man had been nominated.' A less confident man might have surrounded himself with personal supporters who would never question his authority. James Buchanan, for example, had deliberately chosen men who thought as he did. Buchanan believed, Allan Nevins writes, that a president `who tried to conciliate opposing elements by placing determined agents of each in his official family would find that he had simply strengthened discord, and had depended party divisions.' While it was possible that his team of rivals would devour one another, Lincoln determined that `he must risk the dangers of faction to overcome the dangers of rebellion.\\" p.318-9<br /><br />In addition, to the `team' itself Goodwin also discusses their family life and some of the people who helped drive them. Some of these were:<br /><br /> Mary Todd Lincoln, the First Lady. Born to a Southern family, the election of 1860 could have been described as a battle between all of her old boyfriends. Mrs. Lincoln is vilified often by the Northern press as being to pro-Southern, while her husband leads a war that her brothers are fighting in, but on the other side.<br /><br /> Frances Seward, wife of Secretary Seward. Mrs. Seward often acted as the voice of moral reason in advising her husband. She hated slavery even more then him.<br /><br /> Kate Chase, daughter of Secretary Chase. Miss Chase was every bit as ambitious as her father. Since her father is widowed and not looking to remarry, she saw herself playing the role of First Lady during her father's presidency. She would become Mrs. Lincoln's main rival in the Washington social circles.<br /><br />\\"Observing Mary as she departed for her regular round of hospital visits, William Stoddard wondered why she didn't publicize her efforts. `If she were worldly wise she would carry newspaper correspondents, from tow to five, of both sexes, every time she went, and she would have them take shorthand notes of what she says to the sick soldiers and of what the sick soldiers say to her.' This, more than anything, he surmised, would `sweeten the contents of my many journals' that had frequently derided the first lady's receptions and redecorating projects. The New York Independent had been particularly relentless in its attacks on Mary. `While her sister-women scraped lint, sewed bandages, and put on nurses' caps,' Mary Clemmer Ames wrote, `the wife of its President spent her time in rolling to and fro between Washington and New York, intent on extravagant purchases for herself and the White House.'\\" p.458<br /><br />Team of Rivals is history that reads like a novel. It is an exiting book about a terrible time in our nation's history. If someone knew nothing about the Civil War, he or she would still find this book enjoyable.am of rivals would devour one another, Lincoln determined that `he must risk the dangers of faction to overcome the dangers of rebellion.\\" p.318-9    In addition, to the `team' itself Goodwin also discusses their family life and some of the people who helped drive them. Some of these were:     Mary Todd Lincoln, the First Lady. Born to a Southern family, the election of 1860 could have been described as a battle between all of her old boyfriends. Mrs. Lincoln is vilified often by the Northern press as being to pro-Southern, while her husband leads a war that her brothers are fighting in, but on the other side.     Frances Seward, wife of Secretary Seward. Mrs. Seward often acted as the voice of moral reason in advising her husband. She hated slavery even more then him.      Kate Chase, daughter of Secretary Chase. Miss Chase was every bit as ambitious as her father. Since her father is widowed and not looking to remarry, she saw herself playing the role of First Lady during her father's presidency. She would become Mrs. Lincoln's main rival in the Washington social circles.     \\"Observing Mary as she departed for her regular round of hospital visits, William Stoddard wondered why she didn't publicize her efforts. `If she were worldly wise she would carry newspaper correspondents, from tow to five, of both sexes, every time she went, and she would have them take shorthand notes of what she says to the sick soldiers and of what the sick soldiers say to her.' This, more than anything, he surmised, would `sweeten the contents of my many journals' that had frequently derided the first lady's receptions and redecorating projects. The New York Independent had been particularly relentless in its attacks on Mary. `While her sister-women scraped lint, sewed bandages, and put on nurses' caps,' Mary Clemmer Ames wrote, `the wife of its President spent her time in rolling to and fro between Washington and New York, intent on extravagant purchases for herself and the WhiteHouse.'\\" p.458    Team of Rivals is history that reads like a novel. It is an exiting book about a terrible time in our nation's history. If someone knew nothing about the Civil War, he or she would still find this book enjoyable.
B001MYIXAW|4.0|The cover of this masterpiece speaks the truth. It is the absolute best vampire movie that's ever been made. A million times better than the overblown, badly written, badly acted, vampire-rule destroying, crapfest of Twilight. But that's not really hard to do. The House That Dripped Blood was a better vampire movie. I love this movie. Everything about this movie is perfection. The setting is incredibly bleak, which should be a given in every vampire movie. The characters are amazingly written and have wonderful depth, which is something that has been sadly lacking in recent movies. The subtitles problem on the blu-ray should be fixed by now. I ordered my copy on October 17th, and it had the correct theatrical subtitles. If you want a real vampire movie, you can't go wrong with Let The Right One In. Unless you're one of those weirdos that think Twilight is about vampires. True vampires DO NOT SPARKLE !
B00275EHJG|3.0|Pretty vicious opening dream sequence and the film gets more intense not less. My two sons who were little youngsters at the time of TS 1 and 2, were yelling at the screen \\"who wrote this!\\" \\"d*mn !\\", \\"this movie is WRONG!\\" Throughout the movie there is a running theme of dread and it's settings are full of despair, with near miss at the end that leaves you wanting to tear your eyes out hoping it won't happen. Gee, this is a movie for kids ??? Not!
B002I9Z8I0|5.0|These movies are fantastic. I've already seen them, but I couldn't find them on DVD here (at stores near me) for a reasonable price. So I searched high and low and Amazon.com had exactly what I was looking for, with a WAY too reasonable price. Great packaging, great quality!     If you are a Star Trek fan, and haven't seen these films I highly recommend not only the movies, but the original series seasons 1-3 as well. I'm only twenty-six, but the doors that Star Trek opened for the rest of Sci-Fi fanatics like me really is (excuse the sugar) heartfelt. I love these films, and I am quite sure that you will too!
235250080X|4.0|This is a great book for re-enactors or collectors of American WW2 militaria. It is clear and easy to read with great photos or original items. Overall, a great book !!!!
B004BRQYJ4|3.0|For the songs that are on here, the vocals are outstanding, but my disappointment was that the movie had so many fun songs in it by \\"other\\" artists besides Cher and Christina that were NOT included on the album. So be warned this is a 2 artist soundtrack...
B004A8ZWSS|2.0|By now nearly everyone has at least heard of The Tourist, the thriller that unites huge stars Johnny Depp and Angelina Jolie. It's one of the movies that's probably on everyone's must-see list based on star power alone. The problem is that The Tourist lacks anything that would make it a memorable or worthwhile experience, which is disappointing considering who's involved.<br /><br />Federal agents have been following Elise (Jolie) for months as they wait for anything out of the routine to occur. The feds are after a man named Alexander Pierce, a man who Elise is known to be close with, that owes $744 million to the government. One day while tracking Elise, the unthinkable happens; something out of the ordinary finally occurs. What starts with a letter being delivered by a bike courier turns into a wild goose chase onto a train on its way to Venice. It's there that Elise chooses to sit next to a man named Frank (Depp), a math teacher who just so happens to be a tourist in Italy. As things progress, Elise constantly intervenes in Frank's plans and eventually draws him into her world where the federal agents begin to believe that Frank is Alexander Pierce since they have somehow never been able to get a clear look at his face. Frank is brought into the world of trickery and espionage, something that he's only read about in the spy novels he's so frequently caught reading. What began as nothing more than a stranger being picked out in a crowd slowly begins to culminate into a full fledged relationship that neither Frank or Elise can walk away from.<br /><br />When it comes to Angelina Jolie, her role is a bit different than some of her other recent roles. She seems to always play that strong female role that is either more than capable of taking care of herself or is just as strong as some of the bigger men in whatever project she's a part of. While that isn't necessarily a bad thing, it gets a little tiresome and you crave to see an actor do something outside of their range. While Elise is said to be able to take care of herself in The Tourist, we really never see any proof of that. She takes a life preserver and smashes it into a guy's face who's hanging off of a boat she's driving at one point, but that's it. The rest of the time she's walking around in elegant gowns and trying to look as feminine as possible. That and not display any sort of emotion whatsoever. This isn't what I had in mind when I wanted to see Angelina Jolie do something different.<br /><br />Johnny Depp doesn't have much room to talk either. While he's more than qualified to show emotional range or be incredibly eccentric at times, he seems to do nothing more than act like a watered down version of Jack Sparrow while doing the most idiotic and spontaneous things to put him in danger for a woman he's just met yet has become incredibly infatuated with. He does have a few one-liners that may get a chuckle or two, but they're delivered in such a flat tone that they'll probably be forgotten about once you leave the theater.<br /><br />The biggest joke about the film is the ending. It is literally so cliche and so atrocious that it makes the entire film a complete waste of time. Once it's revealed who Alexander Pierce is, you're left wondering if this entire string of events was really necessary. Imagine taking the longest and most dangerous route to doing something simple like making toast and that's pretty much how The Tourist goes about doing things. I could just walk to the refrigerator and get jelly or butter or to the pantry for peanut butter, but instead I'm going to lock my desired condiment in a safe, lead someone on a wild scavenger hunt all over the city that'll put them in harm's way, and make the government think that they owe them a massive amount of money so they run into problems with the law at every turn. That'll be fun, right? It'll make that toast taste so much better in the end, but the bread turns out to be stale and you just gag whenever youtry to eat it since you've grown sick of having to swallow it so often.<br /><br />The Tourist is a stale thriller with flat performances from actors you'd expect a lot more from, but is still somewhat decent despite its flaws. I'm probably giving the film more credit than it deserves since I'm a fairly big fan of Johnny Depp and he was mildly enjoyable in small doses in this, but the film's ending pretty much destroys anything you may enjoy early on. It's just a shame since it had such potential to be a fun and entertaining thriller, but will probably still be mistaken for one because of the stellar cast alone.n sick of having to swallow it so often.    The Tourist is a stale thriller with flat performances from actors you'd expect a lot more from, but is still somewhat decent despite its flaws. I'm probably giving the film more credit than it deserves since I'm a fairly big fan of Johnny Depp and he was mildly enjoyable in small doses in this, but the film's ending pretty much destroys anything you may enjoy early on. It's just a shame since it had such potential to be a fun and entertaining thriller, but will probably still be mistaken for one because of the stellar cast alone.
B003G4W49C|2.0|Perhaps I've let my feelings about the author, who is a bigot, cloud my judgment, but though this novel has some good sections, it hardly deserves it's critical accolades and its sequels were unnecessary.
0670021652|2.0|I couldn't wait to buy the book because I had seen Elizabeth Gilbert on \\"The Bonnie Hunt Show\\" around the time the book came out. The author was talking about all this great history of marriage and her findings about how her attitude changed with age and getting to know herself without pressure from family/friends etc. Having gone through similar relationship and divorce issues I wanted a book with how women fall into social pressures, changing attitutes on marriage, cultural practices and just a general non-fiction social history book. I was disappointed.  The interview was so much better than the book. I skimmed over 60% of it because it wasn't at all interesting but read and then googled to find more information about the history and social/cultural attitudes on marriage.    This would be a book to skim over in Barnes and Nobel on a saturday. Not to buy.
6302797624|4.0|I watched this movie on demand recently, I was 5 when it originally came out and know now why my parents made me go to bed when they watched it. Being from Michigan, I find it cool the friends attended the University of Michigan and even watch a U of M football game in the movie. I love how the characters reconnect quickly even though it is also apparent they have not been in close contact until the loss of one member of their group. They eat, drink, laugh, smoke, reminisce and love during the course of a weekend at a house I thought was the same as Forrest Gump (I later found it is not, but both are in South Carolina). My favorite character was Meg (Mary Kay Place), a successful lawyer with a maternal yearning who thinks she is running out of options until a friend offers the ultimate gift. A first-rate story of the triumph of friendship, it does leave some loose ends, but really a terrific hour and 45 minutes.
030745455X|4.0|The Girl Who Played With Fire begins not where the previous volume, The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo ended, but in the past, where Lisbeth Salander's institutional torture began. And then the present comes into focus.<br /><br />Harnessed to a bed in a mental hospital at age 14 for days and weeks, Salander's past helps to explain her dislike for authority, and her distrust of nearly everyone else. The title of this second volume could easily have been \\"Get Lisbeth.\\"<br /><br />How Salander got committed to that hospital, why she was sent there, and how she escaped those confines resonates throughout this taut and complex narrative that jolts the reader into the realization of the passionate theme underlying all three books in Steig Larson's Millennium series: women sometimes suffer particular abuse in modern society and Larsson's writing seeks to expose that travesty and help rectify it.<br /><br />Lisbeth Salander is unlike any other character in contemporary literature. She is a completely unique concoction of Larsson's imagination, and the focal point of the story. Shunning metaphors, and fictional formulas, Larsson again creates an irresistible storyline that moves at the speed of thought and lathers on layers of detail that would have sidetracked a less skilled writer.<br /><br />Each character is unique and their habits are on full display. What they eat and drink, how often they smoke cigarettes, bathe, sleep, have sex, talk to friends and lovers, where they work, how they get there, and the streets, stores, and sounds of people throughout the small towns and big cities of Sweden are detailed convincingly throughout the narrative. It's obvious that Larsson has done a lot of work on this story. You feel as if you know these people and that you have been where they live.<br /><br />This familiarity of character and place helps to gird the reader for some story details that would normally seem, well, outlandish. Without giving too much away, suffice it to say that if two men with guns took you into the woods, in the dead of night, where they had dug a grave for you, then shot you and bury you; it's unlikely you would survive. The fact that this scene is explained in graphic detail and becomes not only believable, but evidence of an unshakable sense of survival, is solely indicative of Larsson's narrative prowess.<br /><br />[[ASIN:030745455X The Girl Who Played with Fire (Vintage)]]the woods, in the dead of night, where they had dug a grave for you, then shot you and bury you; it's unlikely you would survive. The fact that this scene is explained in graphic detail and becomes not only believable, but evidence of an unshakable sense of survival, is solely indicative of Larsson's narrative prowess.      [[ASIN:030745455X The Girl Who Played with Fire (Vintage)]]
B0042U94UQ|5.0|I saw this movie by myself when I was on a day trip.  I expected a run-of-the-mill animated movie.  I was so pleasantly surprised when this movie turned out to be absolutely adorable!  It's funny, the characters are so loveable, every single one, especially those little girls!  I returned and immediately took my husband to see it and he really liked it as well.  I can't put in enough stars for this little gem of an animated movie!
B000KJT8IG|5.0|Watching this movie has become a family Christmas tradition as we always watch this movie. Every year like clockwork. We've even been known to watch it in July when it's so hot all we want to do is think about Christmas and cooler weather ahead.<br /><br />The characters are so true-to-life (albeit not exactly like everyone in your family) they will remind you of your crazy aunt and your nutty uncle. It will also bring home the reminder of neighbors who somehow try to out do one another in celebrating the Christmas spirit.<br /><br />The only drawback to this movie is some adult scenes and language that is better suited for mature audiences. I would not recommend watching this movie with young children but older teens would probably understand the adult humor.<br /><br />Highly recommend.
B002SAUCBC|4.0|this is the best book ive ever read. im 10 years old and loved this book. the ending stank but the whole book rocked
B002BSHWUU|5.0|O que falar da coleo COMPLETA da maior banda de todos os tempos em verses remasterizadas e em streo? Fenomenal! Indispensvel na discoteca de qualquer um que habita a terra e outros cantos do cosmos!
B001UV4XFG|2.0|First, i have read all the books about six times, even the short second life of Bree Tanner.i am not a teenager. i thought this movies was moving so fact with jumping from part to part that it didn't do the  book justice.so many parts were left out also ,maybe it would have been better if they made this into two parts. the book really is long. i love the books all of them, but i loved twilight and new moon the movies. They were great. This one the acting was horrible.i thought they would get better with each movie instead of worse. was this a new emmett also? the characters looked  like plastic.  Maybe they should think about getting a new makeup artist and new lace-cap wigs that really look natural. i also pre-ordered two or three months in advance and i just received mine on december 9, yesterday. i watched it on demand before i even got the movie. i am going to do the same for breaking down and not both pre-ordering these movies. what a rip-off. very disappointed with amazon also.
1601252463|5.0|This book was a great addition to an already outstanding line of products.  The new classes are perhaps not quite as versitile as the original one in the main book but, they are all very playable and balanced. New players may struggle to find their characters niche at first and the new classes are better when used with the original classes from the main rule book. That is not to say they are in anyway inferior just that they are more specific in what they do. The new feats are useful and not just the expected collection of new feats every book of this sort seems to feel need be included. The new race modifications are an interesting way to change up your character and they have been popular so far in my ongoing game. There are of course new spells and for the most part they are different enough that you don't feel like you have seen them a million times before. I really can not think of an aspect of this book that I would say was a negative, but would still recommend it more strongly to the experienced player over the novice.  The writing is solid with few annoying typos and the art is good but doesn't take up too much page count.  Highly recommended.
B000UJCALI|4.0|I read The Shining several months ago and found it to be very gripping. I attempted to watch the movie shortly there after and found myself honestly bored; it was dragged out with not much action. I stopped the movie about halfway through. However, upon the suggestion of my boyfriend and several others I decided to give the movie another shot. Very glad I did. Though there is not much action to speak of, if you sit back and really watch the movie and understand the characters it gives you a look into the human mind and how easily it's corrupted. Jack Nicholson was, in my opinion, perfect for this role. He captured every essence of Jack Torrence from the book. I would have liked to see more of the hedges and the hedge animals as they were a big deal in the book. And the ending didn't grasp the book as much as I'd have liked. Overall, a classic.
B0043ZDU1E|5.0|This is, top to bottom, her  the best effort yet.  I typically keep 3-4 cuts from each of her albums in my play list.  There is but one track from \\"The Wind That Shakes The Barley\\" that does not make my permanent play list.
B003H9MSPG|5.0|First off, this blaster looks really cool with the front barrel attachment on.  Having said that, the front barrel attachment makes the gun less accurate and fire shorter distances, so there's that.  The aiming sight is nice, particularly in the 'down' mode, it actually gives a decent sight picture.  What I really love about this gun is the 'bolt' action, although I wish they would figure out a way to keep the handles from spinning around (or did I do something wrong?).  Even without the barrel attachment, firing and aiming has a very natural feel.  Also, the stock can hold two clips and it does a much better job than the Recon stock's clip holder.  It is quite easy to retrieve and load a clip while still holding the gun at the ready.<br /><br />The 18 round drum from the Alpha Trooper works really well in the Longstrike, but I've not been able to use the 35 round Raider drum very effectively as it tends to fall out (I can see why they made the Raider a side loading gun).  Overall it looks great, and I think it's a good choice as a main weapon if you want to be deliberate with your shots as opposed to spraying darts everywhere, and also so long as you aren't playing with modified weapons (in which case, the only real answer is a Longshot).
B003ZVJFFM|5.0|The movie is wonderful and enjoyable however i would point out that it is not for appropriate all ages(parents need to determine if the movie is age appropriate for their childern and family. The move is darker than previous versions of the tale but more in tune with the book and the author(Charles Dickens)and the lesson in the story.
B0042MEQVG|3.0|Mousy Kristen Stewart, who dates outside of her species, causes a vampires vs. newbie vampires vs. werewolves war, perhaps the best scene in the movie, which lasted about two minutes. The movie is filled with numerous flashbacks, primarily to the 19th century. Unlike the Harry Potter series where the acting improves from one movie to the next, this one does not. No wait. It is not bad acting. We discover that newbie vampires are uncontrollable and emotional. Vampires that are uncontrollable must be destroyed, so only unemotional vampires, who simply appear to be bad actors survive. They in turn like the aroma of infrequent bathers and wig wearers who are also bad actors, i.e unemotional. So that explains it. They are supposed to be unemotional. Why the werewolves, who look like an underage male revue sucked, I don't know.<br /><br />The most painful scenes are the one on one dialouge scenes. Here their \\"unemotional\\" ability comes out. Unfortunately this consists of too much of the movie as I kept yelling at the screen, \\"Get on with it!\\" Besides Edward's glitter, what is also unnatural is Kristen's hairline. I kept waiting for her fake hair to fall off. Young females will certainly rate this as 5 stars as the whole unnatural world is fighting over one of them, one that lacks a great body, personality, or hygiene. (Just a joke about the hygiene as everything unnatural keeps sniffing her scent.)<br /><br />Kristen wants to be a vampire. Edward doesn't want her to be one. Edward wants to get married. Kristen doesn't. She wants to have sex, but Edward doesn't want to have sex out of marriage. (Guess the compromise coming in the next movie?) Dad doesn't want Kristen to date a vampire, but would rather she go out with a werewolf. The movie saga has become overly hokey.<br /><br />It is unfair to say all the acting was bad. Alice Cullen was noticeably good, although she normally appears talking to Kristen. In one scene an excited Alice tells Bella, \\"You will be spending the night in our house with Edward.\\" Bella, whose blank face doesn't even twitch, has a long dramatic Shatner-like pause, and finally remembers her line and says, \\"Like, alone?\\" It was MST-3000 bad. I had to laugh.<br /><br />Dakota Fanning, who can act, played a very minor role where she wasn't allowed to act, just recite a few lines. The movie reminded me of \\"Billy Jack\\" where fans of the movie couldn't fathom why the Academy overlooked the movie, or when Star Trek fans couldn't understand why Shatner never got an Emmy. They would say, \\"Maybe because William Shatner was so good as Captain Kirk, they didn't realize he was acting.\\" The same could be said of the Twilight series. We really don't realize these people are acting (except Alice).night in our house with Edward.\\" Bella, whose blank face doesn't even twitch, has a long dramatic Shatner-like pause, and finally remembers her line and says, \\"Like, alone?\\" It was MST-3000 bad. I had to laugh.<br /><br />Dakota Fanning, who can act, played a very minor role where she wasn't allowed to act, just recite a few lines. The movie reminded me of \\"Billy Jack\\" where fans of the movie couldn't fathom why the Academy overlooked the movie, or when Star Trek fans couldn't understand why Shatner never got an Emmy. They would say, \\"Maybe because William Shatner was so good as Captain Kirk, they didn't realize he was acting.\\" The same could be said of the Twilight series. We really don't realize these people are acting (except Alice).
B002BU0DPE|5.0|These headphones are awesome really loud great bass and extremely crisp sound... They wrap around you ears comfortably and the plus side is that they are lightweight and are really easy to set up.. Hands down a great set of headphones..
B0006GANN2|4.0|This excellent film was released in the autumn of 1971; Pauline Kael writes about theater audiences being \\"almost sick with excitement\\" - this was something new in the genre of the police drama, much grittier and rawer, more real, more explosive.<br /><br />I love the 1970s for movies, specifically the first half of the decade, roughly from \\"Easy Rider\\" through \\"Jaws\\" - it's my favorite period for American films (it's the favorite of plenty of people, of course), when genres were getting redefined (the Mafia picture with \\"The Godfather,\\" the Western with \\"McCabe and Mrs. Miller,\\" the war picture with \\"MASH,\\" etc.). This movie is an essential part of the period. (Yeah, I realize \\"Easy Rider\\" is '69.) My understanding is, Hollywood took a little while to catch up to the social/cultural revolution of the '60s. I want to read that book about the period, \\"Easy Riders/Raging Bulls.\\"<br /><br />A few more random thoughts:<br /><br />- I was taking an urban studies class in high school in St. Paul at the time; we attended this film on a cold day in January, 1972, as a lesson in the decay of the American city. My teacher said that New York City was \\"not governable, and here's your proof.\\" Not governable! I believed that for years! I didn't move to NYC after college in 1977 because of what the guy said! This \\"not governable\\" nonsense was a widespread feeling at the time; it intensified during the fiscal crisis circa 1975. I guess this is a lesson to me, not what the teacher said, but that teachers are often wrong, that the year 2010 does not have a unique purchase on American pessimism, and that a huge democracy always has big problems.<br /><br />- Francis Coppola watched this movie and felt despair in his heart; he convinced himself that the dark, slow movie he was about to release, \\"The Godfather,\\" would not grab audiences nearly as well as this flashy, fast creation. This reminds me of Paul McCartney just before the release of \\"Revolver\\" suddenly deciding the whole project wasn't good enough, it was out of tune, etc. Sometimes artists can get too close to their work.<br /><br />- I've seen William Friedkin in several significant interviews. He comes across, to me, as very smart and very shrewd, just the sort of person I'd hire to helm a big project, and, for some reason, the last person on God's green Earth that I want to have a beer with. I haven't quite figured this out yet.<br /><br />Spoiler alert! My next two items concern a key sequence in the movie.<br /><br />- Regarding the car-in-the-garage sequence (cinematic genius, of course): Irv's tool for ripping apart the car makes a noise that's a nice little take-off on some of the soundtrack music. As Cloudy Russo might say, \\"Cute.\\"<br /><br />- At the climax of the car-in-the-garage sequence, Irv says, \\"I ripped everything out of there except the rocker panels.\\" Popeye bellows, \\"C'mon, Irv, what are the rocker panels?\\" To which the best reply is, \\"Well, Popeye, the rocker panels are strips of metal that cover cavernous spaces in the car that are perfect for storing 120 pounds of heroin. That I forgot about until just now.\\"
B00003CXDD|5.0|good old movie
B0026IA0QS|5.0|This is one of my favorite films of all time. I was only able to get this as a bootleg vhs tape before. I highly recommend. Blu-ray version coming out January, 2011.
B004259BMM|5.0|This album is fantastic!!  You can feel Keith's love of Nicole from the start until the end.  I am so glad he was able to put something together to not only provide his fans with enjoyment, but a way to show Nicole how much he loves her and to thank her for helping him through the darkness.  Way to go Keith!!!!!!
B0015DROBO|1.0|The book is flat implausible and dull. The characters are cardboard.  They do not change or develope.  The book is also gross and unpleasant as well as being wholly unconvincing.
B001UV4XHY|4.0|While I thought the production team did a great job with the film, I think it's a perfect example of \\"if you haven't read the book, it won't make much sense.\\"  At this point, why would anyone see a Potter film without having read the books?  It boggles the mind.  That said, this review is written toward those who know the story, proper.<br /><br />The direction was good, as was most of the writing.  Rupurt Grint was ever on pointe as Ron, and Radcliffe has without question grown his skills as Boy Who.  Watson finally acted, and without total reliance on eyebrows!  She was actually impressive in this film.  Maybe she has an acting career ahead, yet. The adult cast stepped it up in this installment, as well.  Billowy-cloaked Snape is a thing to behold, as is a broken Lucius Malfoy.  I was happy to see Carter act as if she wanted to be there, which finally brought Bellatrix alive for me.  Newcomer Rhys Ifans was wonderful.  In short, every actor delivered a standout performance.  Very impressive, in that regard.  The creatively layered reunion of the entire cast was fantastic.  That excitement alone boosts anticipation of the next film.<br /><br />I appreciate that this film was split, in order to do the story justice, as well it should have been.  I can't help but think that all of the action and luster is in the second half, which leaves this lead-up a bit diminished.  In the story proper, this portion should be the emotional setup for what is to come, and in that regard I felt it lacked.  The darkness, thus direness, of the Wizarding world was made evident from the opening scene.  This is no children's film.  Know that the racy scenes and violence reveal this throughout.  Still, even with poignant smatterings of grief and terror, the emotional depth did not sustain.  I would have gladly sat through a four-hour film if longevity would have maintained the momentum better.<br /><br />SPOILERS<br />I was a bit bereft of the treatment of Hedwig's demise.  As the film left it, her absence was the only real indicator that she was dead.  The lack of Harry's processing of that was equally unrealistic and unclear. More acknowledgement was given to the loss of Dobby, who had far less face time in the films than she did.  Though Hagrid was Harry's first real friend in the Wizarding world, Hedwig was his first real emotional connection in his life.  I didn't think it canon that this bond wouldn't have been more acknowledged at her death.<br /><br />Though the camping scenes didn't make for riveting action (the same can be said of the book), the character development during those weeks was long overdue.  We saw a darkness in Ron prior unrevealed, a depth to Hermione and Harry's relationship had only been hinted at prior, and a long-needed resourcefulness in Harry was finally tapped.  I agree with criticism that pace slowed tremendously during those scenes, but what we learned about the trio in that stillness was necessary.  In truth, it was better delivered in the film than in the book, albeit out of sequence in the film.<br /><br />Insight into what was happening at Hogwart's bore showing.  Early in the film, the impression is finally given that this is not just Harry's fight, but is that of the entire Wizarding world.  But by focusing primarily on the trio's lives and not how others contributed to the effort--and they were--much of that communal sense of obligation, thus sacrifice, is lost.<br /><br />Explanations of the Hallows was rushed at best.  If you didn't understand them or how they and their lineage relate to Harry's plight, I'm afraid rewinding won't be much help.  That said, if you know their far-reaching relevance from the book, the animated sequence telling their story was well-done, albeit quickly so.<br /><br />The cheesiest effect in the film was Ron's greatest fears come to life, seeing Harry and Hermione passionately locked together.  It looked like a 2D paste job against a rolling CGI effect.  I was so unamused by the effect that I didn't connect with what a riveting and psychological test it was for Ron.<br /><br />The best scene in the film was Harry silently summoning Hermione to dance.  Without being romantic or sentimental it was profound, showing how Harry has matured into awareness of and reaction to the emotional states of others.  This is the trait that sets Harry apart from Voldemort more than any other, and this scene subtly conveyed his finesse in interpersonal observation and reaction.<br /><br />Several vaguely explained plot items troubled me, most of which were also problematic in the previous films.  Dobby showing up with no explanation is a major oversight that did not need to be.  The Missing Mirror, which should have been introduced way back at The Order of the Phoenix and wasn't now shows up with no explanation at all.  This lack negates how instrumental it is in the escape from Malfoy Manner, and diminishes the grief that Harry still processes from Sirius', and most recently Dumbledore's death.  Along that line, the need for the horcruxes is revealed, though the significance of the items precious to each of the Houses at Hogwart's is not.  It will be interesting to see how they jam learning about them AND finding each of them into the remaining installmentological test it was for Ron.    The best scene in the film was Harry silently summoning Hermione to dance.  Without being romantic or sentimental it was profound, showing how Harry has matured into awareness of and reaction to the emotional states of others.  This is the trait that sets Harry apart from Voldemort more than any other, and this scene subtly conveyed his finesse in interpersonal observation and reaction.    Several vaguely explained plot items troubled me, most of which were also problematic in the previous films.  Dobby showing up with no explanation is a major oversight that did not need to be.  The Missing Mirror, which should have been introduced way back at The Order of the Phoenix and wasn't now shows up with no explanation at all.  This lack negates how instrumental it is in the escape from Malfoy Manner, and diminishes the grief that Harry still processes from Sirius', and most recently Dumbledore's death.  Along that line, the need for the horcruxes is revealed, though the significance of the items precious to each of the Houses at Hogwart's is not.  It will be interesting to see how they jam learning about them AND finding each of them into the remaining installment
B003LSTK8G|5.0|This book presents the current financial crisis in well reported and unforgettable language.  Michael Lewis is one of our best writers.
B002ZG980U|5.0|If you didn't like the Matrix, you might skip this one. Dicaprio is man who is an expert at entering dreams and extracting information for corporate espionage. He has a problem in that there is a price on his head. He is a wanted man. A Japanese business man wants Dicaprio to enter the mind of a competitor and place an idea in his head to break up his empire. In exchange Dicaprio (Dom Cobb) would be allowed to go home to his family. Cobb first gets an architect (Ellen Page) who can design a complex location, such as a dungeon master creating the stage. He then must assemble a team of people with different skills to navigate through the dream world.<br /><br />The beginning of the movie is a bit confusing as you don't know what is real and what is a dream. However this shortly clears up. Dom Cobb has a lot of issues concerning his past life and dreamworld which jeopardizes the mission. His dead wife keeps showing up to foil his plans and he just hasn't the heart to kill her. The dreamworld works like a narcotic. Once you go into it, reality becomes boring. This movie is more brilliant in its complexity and script than it is in entertainment, but it worked for me.
0307266303|3.0|Mcdougall has just about single-handedly turned the running shoe industry upside down with this book.  Although he presents some compelling anectdotal evidence, one gets the impresssion at times that he is playing fast and loose with the facts, or exaggerating to make things more interesting.  It's hard to know ho much is fact and how much is a little hyperbole.  And then there is always the lingering suspicion that he's cherry picked the data to support his thesis.  Certainly there is compelling evidence for the less is more approach, but this book is a plainly one-sided view of barefoot running; there is little attempt to take an objective approach.  The author does introduce the reader to some quirky, amazing people (a cast of characters), as well as the whole world of ultrarunning, a very small (but growing) niche in the overall running community.  The idea that humans are born to run and shouldn't be afraid of their bodies, or running, is not only a novel one, but gives a lot of hope for the chronically injured runner.  As a longtime runner (marathoner), I can identify with Mcdougall's frustration with the rash of injuries that plague runners.  Is barefoot running the solution?  He seems to say \\"it couldn't make things any worse,\\" though, as the minimalism trend has proven, it can.  It is quite clear Mcdougall has no love for certain members of the running community (Dean Karnazes is painted as a villain), and praises others -- i.e. Scott Jurek.  Could have done without a lot of the writing that seems geared to satisfying the 18-something jock men's health reader.  But Mcdougall does have quite the resume in journalism.
B0042U94UQ|5.0|I saw this movie in the theatre and I really enjoyed it. Found myself laughing out loud quite a bit. The kids enjoyed it, somehow they saw it three times...yes, 3!<br /><br />I like that it is for children and that I didn't have to go back and explain any adult themes, etc. It's nice when movies advertised at children are actually made for them.
B0044XV3QY|5.0|The creative technology and setting for this movie makes the story line and dialog unnecessary.  You could turn off the sound and still be thrilled with the visual affects of this movie.  No movie even comes close to this level of technology and overall creativity.
B000002KDO|5.0|This album is my favorite album by black sabbath even though their self titled paranoid and vol 4 are great too i love the instrumentals on this album also tony iommi is a great influence and great guitar player he is a legend and amazing for having the tips of his fingers from his fretting hand cut off also he is the innovater of tuning down to relieve his fingers from bleeding anyways this album is heavy and amazing and i suggest it to anybody that loves heavy metal not just iommi is great but the whole band is great geezer butler is awesome he pounds out bass lines and he knows how to rock i think he is one of the greatest bass players ever bill ward is a great drummer and of course ozzy is great on vocals
B0038BBA4I|5.0|Simply said if you are a fan of any of these genres:  folk, indie rock, spiritual, or just plain good music, you will like this disc.  I love this album.  Great lyrics.  Deep soul.  Creative musicians.  This disc has it all.  So if you are looking for something fresh, new, distinctive, and creative, check out Mumford & Sons' Sigh No More.  There is a great chance you will be blown away, moved by music, and rockin' in a whole new light!
B000001F9E|5.0|Thin lizzy is a great band i love their melodic guitar playing they know how to make the guitar rock i love every song on this album i suggest this album to anybody that likes to rock and roll baby my favorite song on the album is cowboy song the guitar playing could make you cry thats how much that song effects me its that great the two guitar solos on that song are in my top 5 greatest solos of all time these guitar players are to me legends as well and very underated and should be up there with the greats to everybody that hasnt heard this album buy it now it will rock your brains out dont pass up this classic
B0047WJ12K|4.0|A must watch that requires close attention to conversations. There are some twists here and there with some mindless action which leaves you thinking if it is ever possible. However,overall, it is good compared to 90% of the movies that one gets to watch.
B000002KHB|5.0|What a great album indeed this is the guitar playing is very influential and very catchy richie blackmore is another great guitar player and very creative i love blackmores solos i suggest anybody that hasnt heard deep purple to buy this album in rock,fireball,and who do you think we are they are all great albums pick them up
B0037KMHRY|1.0|I was incredibly excited when I popped this into my computer, ready to blast it. I was expecting incredibly new and epic music from the French duo that really did revolutionize the electronic music scene. But instead, I was incredibly disappointed. Instead, what I got was 22 tracks of the most boring, generic, uneventful, and uninspired orchestral work that I have ever heard. The only track worth mentioning, Derezzed, was already leaked all over the internet months ago, which hyped up the movie and the soundtrack so much for me, that I pre-ordered this thing. This was the first time I pre-ordered a CD. It'll be the last time.    Please Daft Punk, tell me. Was it the studio heads that pushed for you to do this? Did you not get the creative control you wanted? Because I believe in you guys. I really do. In fact I love you guys so much I'm going to go ahead and give you the benefit of the doubt that that is what happened. I'd love to hear the real story some time. Because this is...just...    Disappointing.
B002ZG99A4|1.0|This movie was just a joke. I don't know who came up with the idea that professional wrestlers can act because they certainly cannot. How about using some real...heck even ACTUAL make up instead of being a cheap production and use crappy CGI. This movie was just stupid. There is really nothing more to say.
B003DT19F0|4.0|Perhaps the best yet of the Tinker Bell features, I wonder, since they're intended to be prequels of a sort to Peter Pan, why they don't do more as a nod to fans of that story?  Since a bit of this story takes place in London, it would have been very simple to have had Tinker Bell fly over the Darling's home, or perhaps have Lizzy's father's car nearly run Mr. Darling off the road, sending him into a fit?    That's another thing - this film is set before Peter Pan, which takes place in the early 1900s, yet some scientist of no great means has a car?  Something of a stretch.    Still, on the whole, a very sweet story about Tinker Bell's first interaction with a child.  Now, if only they'd tell the story of her first interaction with Peter Pan!
B0040QYROA|5.0|Finally, the story is complete; richer, deeper and with more rounded characters. The extra 1/2 hour of material missing all these years finally makes this icon of cinema, this masterpiece of science fiction complete and wonderful.
B0039208CG|3.0|This is the most stupid movie you can ever watch but it is so fun to watch. I am a huge batman fan I read batman trade comics all the time and I love batman. I know full well that judging this movie as a movie critic it is horrible and judging it as a batman film this leaves the worst taste in my mouth possible. But this movie is so funny because it is so stupid. And you can really only laugh at this movie if you are a batman fan and a fan of the comics because if you are a fan of the comics you know that this is completely ridicules. SO pretty much if you are just a normal movie watcher you will not enjoy this but if you are a batman fan you will enjoy the campiness just like the campiness of batman the movie in the 1960's.
B003XRZZFM|5.0|Just a quick comment, I went and saw Dimmu on the 3rd of December for the first time. All I can say is, WOW! The band was right on, precise and well produced. I don't have the new album yet but will soon. I have been listening to them for about 3 years reagularly now, and really like them alot. I am bit older now and appreciate the heavy medlodic sound, as apposed to the old school sounds of snare and rapid double bass hits. I love that too, but I think its good to broden your sounds, but not to lose focus on who you are and were you came from, and lastly what were and are your roots, i.e.-Metallica. Anyway, based what I heard at the show I am sold. I hope they keep it up. Long live the underground scene!
B0002Y4TOM|5.0|Gilmore Girls is a MUST SEE for anyone! I love the wit, humor, and brilliant acting!! Buy it now!...well...actually buy Season 1 first if you haven't already and THEN get Season 2. System works better that way :)
B003NHRGSQ|5.0|&#34;Linger&#34; is absolutely the best book I've every cracked open. I'm so osessed with this series. Too bad &#34;Forever&#34; doesn't come out until like July.
B0040T7B2W|4.0|You might not realize it, but Belle and Sebastian, despite mighty efforts to the contrary, have always been a Singles Band, and one of the best of the lot. They seemingly inherited this royal perch from The Smiths, similarly gifted in similar ways, and carry on the torch defiantly, with much aplomb. Check out their mid-career Singles Comp, \\"Push Barman to Open Old Wounds\\" and I defy you to find a bad song, or a sour note.    They also pretty also much invented the swooning modern Chamber Pop genre, fiercer than you think, and let's face it, do it better than anyone else who's tried. They have had great albums (\\"If You're Feeling Sinister\\", \\"Boy with the Arab Strap\\") and amazing moments on really good albums (\\"Fold Your Hands Child You Walk Like a Peasant\\", \\"The Life Pursuit\\") but they pretty much stand firm on doing what they do best: writing beautiful, supernaturally catchy pop songs that call forth a gentler, bookish world of Scottish schoolyard ache that we'd all like to spend an afternoon strutting around in, or basking in the glow of, or simply daydreaming about. Their music relies heavily on the sunshiney verve of the late 60's early 70's Top of the Pops sound (with a smattering of Nick Drake, also influential), which these days continually pleases knit-cap wearing hipsters from Williamsburg to Silverlake.    You'd think by now that almost 15 years in, well into their 40's, with a rather different line-up than they started out with--all dreamy and accidental, on 1996's \\"Tigermilk\\" (lead singer Stuart Murdoch had just awakened from a years-long battle with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome, with his songs already intact, probably why so many of them are about dreaming, sleeping, and waking) that hushed in a new musical era of lyrical sensitivity, that they'd be wearing a bit thin. But no, not Belle and Sebastian.  In fact, they seem to be stronger than ever, and ever more aware of their iconic status in the modern annals of postgrad hipsterdom. Take their much-laudedWilliamsburg Waterfront show, for instance. First of all they were at...um, The Williamsburg Waterfront. Second of all, they seem to have an almost prescient connection with their fans, playing all the right songs, handing out toys to all the \\"Baby Belles\\" (children of Belle and Sebastian fans, of which there were many now) and calling upon JUST the perfect number of cute people to come up and dance with them.    \\"Write About Love\\" is actually one of their better proper albums. You might not realize it at first, but then it sinks in. Upon first listen, I was oddly annoyed that they were being so...well, so Belle and Sebastian about the whole thing. But then I mean, what else would you expect? The title track, the opening track (\\"I Didn't See it Coming\\") and \\"I Want the World to Stop\\" (wow, talk about Top of the Pops) were tunes I had already heard in advance, over the web, and they were the immediate stand-outs. But, actually, those are three amazing Belle and Sebastian songs! Upon further listens, I realized that \\"The Ghost of Rockschool\\" is perhaps one of the most brilliantly composed, heartfelt songs of their career (gorgeously sung by Stuart) and \\"I'm Not Living in the Real World\\" is a tongue-in-cheek sleeping late Saturday Morning pop gem, and the only time I've really been able to stand Stevie Jackson taking over lead vocals.    I started noticing rather pretty moments on \\"Calculating Bimbo\\" and \\"Sunday's Pretty Icons\\". I also loved Sarah Martin's star turn on \\"I Can See Your Future\\" and I reaaally loved her duet with Murdoch on \\"I Didn't See it Coming.\\" Martin is an excellent successor to long departed Isobel Campbell (the Shelley Long of indie rock) and she really does balance out the vocals in the band RATHER well. Perhaps Carey Mulligan (although good casting) was a bit unnecessary on the title track, and I just didn't know what to make of Norah Jones turning up to sing on \\"Little Lou, Ugly Jack, Prophet John\\" but you know, it's OK. The instrumentals are as strong as ever, with Cooke, Geddes, Jackson and Co. all earning their keep, fleshing out the sound wonderfully (Martin and Cooke do the arrangements), and producer Tony Hoffer, who did their last one, keeping things on track, not overwhelming the band with fussy production, but keeping things cool, letting the band shine.    Murdoch's lyrics are in line with his being, well, in Belle and Sebastian: \\"Master I love from the ground above / As the stars below as my memory flows / Every picture frame is beating / Louder than time / Every clock in the hall is bending slowly\\"   OR  \\"The seconds move on / (if you watch the clock) / And the sky grows dull / (if you're looking up) / But the girl steps from thrill to thrill / On the tightrope walk\\".    In any case, Belle and Sebastian are hardly the band that got booted years ago from Sessions on 54th for being too much of a mess. They know what they're good at, they do it well, and they endeavor to enjoy themselves. As their liner notes coyly state: \\"...if you must, send us your band's latest music...or whatever it is that you're into. We will endeavour to write back, but admittedly the pile grows ever higher and wobblier\\".
B00338QENI|5.0|This is a must read for those interested in science and social history. well written and the authors dedication come through in every page.
B002BU0DPE|4.0|Good headset.  Nice sound quality.  Separate chat volume and game volume control, so you can lower game volume to hear comrades better or vice versa.  Sound enhancer increases chat volume when game volume increases so the game noise doesn't override the chat.  Quick access mic mute button so you can mute in a hurry if you need to.  Universal is very handy, it will go to your Xbox, PS3, PC, etc.  Plenty of wire length.
B0000252YK|5.0|This album doesn't get the respect it deserves...I think it's one of Ozzy's best (my other favorite is No Rest for the Wicked).  It has a sound that is unique from all of his other solo efforts, including the other album with guitarist Jake E. Lee (Bark at the Moon).  I don't know exactly how to describe it, but I hear more of a darkness/sadness on this album than is typical of Ozzy, and that quality appeals to me.    I find it strange that some people say this is Ozzy's sellout and/or glam album, because it certainly doesn't sound like Poison or Motley Crue and it's not really much of a deviation from Ozzy's other stuff.  I'm sure when this album first came out it had to meet impossible expecations from the cult of Randy Rhoads, and it will probably never fully recover from that.  But Jake E. Lee does an outstanding job here.    My only real quibble with this album is a few really cheesy lyrics like \\"We rock!\\" repeated over and over.  It hurts the album a little, but only a little.    If you haven't given this one a try yet, give it a few listens.  I consider it more interesting than all of the Zakk Wylde albums with the possible exceptio nof No Rest for the Wicked, and that's no small feat.
0399536108|5.0|I've never heard of Chris Guillebeau, but I saw this book and liked the title and the reviews looked promising. I got the book the 8th, started reading on the 9th and just finished minutes ago. I'm very impressed. I've been up and down for the last year or so trying to figure out what to do with my life and hearing from all sides that I should be settling down, buying a house and finding a husband. I still don't know what life I want, but as Chris has put it I'm awake now and after sleepwalking my way through the last 20 odd years I'm ready to experience new things and figure out what it is I want to be doing, instead of wandering into a job I care nothing about and living a life I have no passion for. I had the realization before reading this book, so I can't credit Chris for waking me up, but the validation is nice, and his writing helped me focus my search for meaning, his idea that we should be doing something that makes us happy but also helps other people is something I haven't come across before and it's a concept I can get behind. Overall I think this is a good book and it's definitely worth the read.
B00432QAKK|5.0|This year, I became an avid Married... With Children fan after watching reruns on TBS and on Netflix. I fell in love with just about every season. This show relates to my family just about the same. If you are just like me, and you don't have a season on DVD yet, and you can't figure out which one to buy first, then this is a route to go. So what, if the specs for the DVDs are the same as the original releases? You bought this show to rewatch the hilarious moments we saw back then, and nothing else.
B0000E6XH3|5.0|So worth it. An amazing peice of art done to the music. My family enjoyed it, 10 of 10 enjoyed it. Ages 8-65
1416575464|4.0|I rated this a 4 instead of 5 only because I saw so many items I would have loved to know where they bought them.  This is a very good book for ideas to decorate your home or apartment. Many different current styles are used. Too bad their magazine of the same name is no longer under publication, it was also a gem.  This is one you can use as a reference source as well as just an enjoyable book to peruse on a cloudy day.
B000NU2CY4|4.0|Just received product ordered around December 8th and despite it having a paper slipcover with a sticker talking about a rebate if bought before June 2010, it is the remastered version inside. There is no 'two disc set' words above the Paramount logo on the back bottom right as expected of the remastered version though there is no yellow upc as was mentioned by some earlier. I compared the the screen shots and it is the not-as-digitally scrubbed version.   That said this version does sadly suffer a bit (IMO) from a change of color (vs. previous release and dvd) as it is has been updated to the match the newer Hollywood trend of making everything more blue/teal & orange. ([...])
B002DQFHKM|5.0|I couldn't find this song anywhere else, and it was better than paying $9.99 on Itunes.  This song is so underappreciated.
B0049P1N3K|5.0|i read this book several times and have lived this book ! it shows me the success path clearly and now i start every day like a hero.
B001P9EQH8|3.0|You will not find a smaller, cheaper, convenient, portable solution for a headphone amp.    If you need portability, get this amp.    Having said that, here are the problems with it:  1. You can charge with USB while listening to the amp.  However, that WILL introduce extra line noise.  2. The device itself will introduce noise.  Don't expect a super low noise floor.  More often than not though, your source CD or mp3 will have more noise in the recording itself.  Just be advised that this device does come with a small amount of steady hiss.      The bass boost function is very mild.  I really like it, but other reviewers have complained.  It is better to be understated and do the rest with EQ.    I would definitely buy this again with the limitations, but I still wish it were better.   I'd gladly pay for a slightly more expensive device if they could address the issues above.
B002UXRGM0|5.0|Life is very educational and appeals to our entire family, even the three year old.  The quality of the photography is stunning and on rainy afternoons it brings alot of entertainment to fill in the blahs.  We also own Planet Earth, equally superb.
1415917264|4.0|An excellent and fascinating book about how past societies have collapsed, mostly through human destruction of their resources, and Malthusian dilemmas. Easter Island, the Norse settlement of Greenland, the Anasazi and the Maya -- all are treated with careful scholarship, objectively,  unsentimentally. There is no fantasy that primitive societies all flourished in ecological harmony until disrupted by evil colonizers. On the contrary, Daimond makes the chilling point that no human society that first inhabited an area within the past 50,000 years failed toquickly bring to extinction all local megafauna. Of course, the theme is parallels to the modern world, with its implacable trend toward unsustainability. The book should be depressing,  but Diamond is a cautious optimist about the potential for humanity rationally to avert catastrophe. He's quite a fascinating and good-humored Jeremiah, and the book is both gripping and very important for our times. Narrator Michael Prichard is excellent, just the right tone of avuncular reasonableness.
0385342047|5.0|Funny and sweet continuation of Becky Bloomwood saga.  I found this book as well written and the plot as strong as all the previous ones.   A big fan of the series, I had found myself on both sides of shopaholic spectrum.  Sometimes I feel like Becky ( and even had had similar situations in my life and shopping) and sometimes I am as frugal as her sister. In my mind, this shows how well the author can relate to her audience.  Because we hear so much from the media how troubled the economy is, many people start getting into poverty mentality. These are the reviewers who wrote that it was inappropriate for Becky to plan a big party for her husband in \\"these tough economic times.\\" If you feel this way please remember when you read the book that this is a work of fiction written to entertain while teaching some fine life lessons.   Becky and we all LIVE ONCE and the book reminds us that we've got to live and have fun no matter what times bring or what happens in the economy - in Great Britain, here in the US or overseas. Some people party and celebrate like Becky because they simply can afford it, and some may have to do with the help of \\"pound shops\\" or 99 cent stores. The key is to live the life no matter what the media tells you and create your own opportunities for fun, friendships, celebrations and good times.   Warmhearted, strong and inventive, the main character is true to herself in this sequel as well.   I read this book in just two days and laughed out loud a lot. It felt great!  This is a keeper for me as well as all the previous books from the Shopaholic series.  There is also an opening for another book set in Hollywood. I will be looking for that one in due time as well.  I do hope Sophie Kinsella has more Becky adventures with life and shopping for all her faithful readers in the future.
B002QGUFWE|2.0|I haven't read the reviews about this album that it was an edited version...I  love lady gaga and her songs but the quality of this cd sounds like from an old radio which is not worth for 16 bucks... The downloaded versions were way better than this cd..[...]
B003QNXPUK|5.0|I mean, I will admit IF you order it FROM Zagg, The shipping is just horrible. I personally never had an issue. The longest it took for me was about a week. Since I got the iPhone 4, I've never had anything else but Zagg on it. I tell everyone who has an iPhone 4 or anything else to get a Zagg. People just don't want to do it because \\"It's hard to apply\\". Go to YouTube, watch how to install it. I got it perfect 4 out of 5 times. Make sure you use the solution. Use A LOT of it. Lay it on your device and lightly move it till you get it perfect. Than TAKE YOUR TIME. We obviously know, the more you put your mind to it, the better everything is. Same thing applies here. I find it easy, I don't have the \\"watch repairers\\" hand, I have the ADHD shakes but it's still very easy for me.     Here are a few tips:  Wash your hands  Have a box cutter ready (It'll make taking it off easier and peeling it off easier)  Spray your hands with the solution (Both hands)  Start taking off the skin where the Home button is, in one of the corners.  Go slow when you come to the Home button and the ear piece hole.  Go at a 45 degree angel when removing the shield.  Spray it with about 4 or 5 sprays at about a foot away. Even give your device a spray about 2 feet away.  You CAN still move it ( by this I mean after you spray it quite a bit with the solution, you can still move it to make it perfect)  Lastly, but MOST importantly, TAKE YOUR TIME!! I can not stress this enough. Seems like everyone is in a hurry, just chill and relax.    It may take a few tries to do it, But once you get that \\"rhythm\\" installing these are a sinch.     The ONLY this I do not like about the about Maximum protection is that the iPhone antenna (that silver band around the whole phone) that's where this doesn't protect. It DOES help with the antenna issue, not fully.    So, in a nutshell, What did we learn today? This is an amazing product! I'm a huge fan of Zagg since my iPhone 3Gs. Even getting one for my netbook. It's really a hit and miss with the company's shipping. Other stores have them pick them up. Lifetime warranty!! I love this. Yes, you do have to pay 4 bucks for shipping but look at it this way, it's 15 US dollars for this, you pay 4 bucks for a new one. You have 60 days to send in your old one. If you get just the front, it's 10 dollars to upgrade to the this one. This stuff is tough, If you watch YouTube videos, there's a guy whose using his iPhone 4 as a cutting board. This thing is tough. Don't believe me, try it!    I HIGHLY recommend this to people. Everyone in my family is getting one of these from me.
0374158460|3.0|I am a fan of Franzen since reading his wonderful Corrections, but while this new book has some of the stylistic aspects of Corrections it has few of the wonderful connecting fibers that keep it together as a novel.  In fact this reads more like a well-written collection of gossip columns than as a (long) novel covering several generations and noticing interesting connections and parallels among people in these different generations.  It really is a collection of unrelated short stories about people who are in fact related by family but not by character or much else.
B002ZG98Z0|1.0|OK in a moment of weakness I agree to watch this with my wife over our Roku.   I had see the HBO series and while I was not a fan I didn't dislike it enough to write a review.   This movie is painful and it is obvious everyone was just cashing in.    Do not waste your time or money.   Why was it bad?   The characters and plot line are turned into a joke in this movie.  No women would act this way.   Its nonsense.   For those of you who ignore this don't say I did not warn you.   This is a insult to humanity.
0316098337|5.0|This is one of the year's best novels and one of the more unique books I've read in quite some time.  Five year old Jack lives in has lived in a 11' x 11' room with his mother since the moment he was born.  He sleeps at night in the armoire in the room and during the day, they play games, watch TV, exercise and look out of the skylight of their room.  Any more information would spoil the hauntingly beautiful and original novel from Emma Donohue.<br /><br />\\"Room\\" is a book that dealing with deeply disturbing subject matter.  However, Donohue tackles the topic in a delicate but perversely realistic way.  As such, you feel compelled to continue reading rather than being repulsed.  Sure, there are enough times in the novel that you'll be disgusted, angry and uncomfortable, left emotionally raw, hoping the scars will eventually heal.  Ultimately, Donohue helps the reader overcome these emotions through the choice of the 5 year old narrator, Jack.  His innocence as well as bond with \\"Ma\\", his mother, and her unconditional love for him, as well as desire to protect him from the reality of their situation in clever ways, is enough to for you to carry on reading.<br /><br />It is always wonderful to encounter a book that is utterly unique and original.  Reading \\"Room\\" is like encountering that first-time situation life --- you've heard and read about it, but you don't know what to do and are mesmerized being in the moment, unsure how it'll eventually unfold.  The result is that \\"Room\\" will leave an indelible mark on you, haunting and touching you in ways only the rare book and author have the capacity accomplish.  With this book, Emma Donohue has demonstrated she is such an author.
B00290FWYS|5.0|Excellent a must have for the cafe del mar fan - or as a way to introduce a friends to chill out music
1596680296|5.0|If you think knitting socks to be beyond your needlework capability, despair not - Ms Budd will guide you through the mysteries of turning the heel, working the gusset, completing the instep and toe. Not only this, but with Ms Budd as your tutor, you can use yarns of many gauges and needles of many sizes, so if you've been knitting awhile and have a skein that needs a project, you can make a pair of socks with it. Even if you've just learned how to cast-on, with this author's clearly-written verbal description and many photos, you can makes socks too. Those with big/small/oddly-sized/different-sized feet need fear not - with Ms Budd's guidance, you can produce a pair of socks that fit. Don't want to make socks with fine-gauged sock yarn? No problem - Ms Budd offers guidance for gauge sizes from chunky to almost lace-weight yarns.<br /><br />For the advanced beginner, intermediate knitter, or knitting maven, Ms Budd offers variety, by introducing sock patterns using lace, cables, and variegated yarns.<br /><br />Truly, this is a great book for every knitter to have in her/his home library, and at a very reasonable price.
B0042JTDXK|5.0|If you are expecting this CD to sound like all of Josh's old stuff, then don't bother purchasing it.  If you are open to hearing a refreshing new Josh, with a contemporary flair in genre and sound, then you will not be disappointed.  Take time to process it and you will realize that Josh is growing and reinventing himself, as all artists must do.  I think that Josh was opening himself up to a new type of song-writing and new musical challenges, with personal stories hidden inside each song.  He clearly sounds like he is performing each song with body and soul.  And, in many cases he may even bring you to tears (e.g. \\"War at Home\\").    The album is beautiful, emotional and sometimes sad, and I think it is his heart singing.  It is different, but how is a musician supposed to grow and challenge himself if he performs the same music all the time?  I think this album is more of a glimpse at the \\"real\\" Josh... perhaps the other albums were more David Foster than Josh, and that is why he tried this one with Rick Rubin!  As for the falcetto- I do not find it unpleasant.  I think it is a rare singer who can actually sing like that and make it sound beautiful (which I think he has done).    Overall, I think this is a new realm of music for Josh, and it was executed near-perfectly.  Like I said, if you are open to a new sound from Josh, you will appreciate it.    As an aside, the quality of this disc is amazing... crystal clear!  Congrats to Josh for taking that leap and opening his creative talents to new and exciting things.  I am so thrilled to own this CD, and cannot wait for the tour!  I saw him in New Haven in Nov, and he performed some of these songs... there are no words to describe it... it was breathtaking.
B0044WUQ3G|3.0|I love having the ability to rent cheap movies through Amazon. There has been absolutely nothing on tv and we have all channels possible through DTV.  Totally bored I checked Amazon for some cheap movie to entertain me.  Reviews were decent on this and the price was right.  Starting out I tend to agree with the 1 & 2 star ratings but the more I watched it the better I liked it.  You have to realize these are 'young people' not survivalists.  They don't think about zipping jackets or to jump from a distance & try landing on your back instead of your legs.  These are just young people out for a good time and are immature not thinking about any consequences for their actions.  It has slow parts but I do recommend this movie if you can rent it cheap and just can't find anything else to watch.  It may be a little too graphic for some in places but not gorey.  Just shows details of injuries which those who are very squimish may want to close their eyes in parts.  It's not very original but nowadays what movies are?  If you watch the movie with the concept that these are immature young people and not 'survivalists' then I think you'll get more out of it.<br /><br />I'm rating it 3 as in my opinion it's an average movie.  Not extraordinary but not a total waste of time either.
B003NFM3JK|1.0|Pathetic.  The blatant jab at Christianity in the dialogue between Scrooge and the ghost of Christmas present is nauseating.  Shows how much the creators of this movie know about Christianity or Christmas for that matter. Again, pathetic!
0785145494|5.0|They don't write them like they use to. The storyline the artwork it all compliments each other in this series that any marvel fan should have in their library.
B001992NW4|5.0|recomendado altamente la he visto unas 1000 veces y me sigue dando mucho miedo ok si te gusta el terror es perfecta esta pelicula
B00000JY1X|5.0|I don't know where you start with an album like this.  This is a meta-album containing just about any sort of love song you may have heard in just about every style that exists.  Stephin Merritt's voice is deep-timbre gold - but he's got other vocalists too - and they are just as stunning!  This album ranges from the profoundly sincere to the profanely bizarre.  Bitterness!  Sweetness!  Banjos!  Ukeleles!  Xylophones!  Songs about dressing up as bunny rabbits!  Ferdinand de Saussure (You can't use a bulldozer, to study orchids, he said..)  The first time you listen to this album (set aside a few hours) - several obvious gems will stand out, but over the course of a year more and more wonderful, if not quite as accessible, songs begin to infect your consciousness.  Patsy Cline-esque vocals in 'I'm Sorry I Love You' hide beneath distorted and jangle-y guitars.  The wonderfully silly 'Fido, Your Leash Is Too Long' goes out of its way to avoid swearing - only to be immediately followed by 'How F**king Romantic' - which is uses the F-Word quite liberally.<br /><br />'Absolutely Cuckoo' is an ode to Borderline Personality Disorder (IMHO).  Naked aggression is reflected in the severely distorted 'Yeah, Oh Yeah!'  'Kiss Me Like You Mean It'  is a love song to Jesus. 'Epitaph For My Heart' begins with a passionate reading of the warning label on some unknown electronic device (Really!  And Merritt actually makes it work!).  'Papa Was A Rodeo' appears to be a gay cowboy/trucker/drifter's song ('Home was anywhere with diesel gas, love was a trucker's hand, never stuck around long enough for a one-night stand..')  until you learn at the end that 'Mike' is actually a woman.  'The Luckiest Guy On The Lower East Side' is a show-tune straight out of a musical never produced - likely the same one from whence comes 'Washington D.C.'<br /><br />This is an album you simply must experience!
B000PWQPAC|4.0|GITS is one of the best animes ever.  I dug the 1st movie, was blown away by SAC 1&2, and Innocence grew on me too.  Solid State though seems like 1 movie to far.  SAC 2's ending was \\"bittersweet\\" as one reviewer put it, but it had the finality of closing a superb novel.  Solid State reopened the book.  To the writers' credit Solid State makes good social/philosophical points as GITS always has.  However, old lines & moves seem tossed out like cliches.  Also, I'm not a big fan of resurrecting characters with a quick explanation to include them in a movie or series.  I'm a GITS junky and enjoyed this latest injection, and I'm enjoying the soundtrack right now.  However, it was just good and not stupendous like the others.  There's plenty of room to create a 3rd series (and I hope they do), which may help out Solid State's place.  Later  Z
B002ZTQVGQ|4.0|It was pretty but not what I expected from hayoa mazaki, maybe<br />it reminded me more of disney style and I prefer studio glibi style<br />better.
B000002A46|1.0|Mariah's beautiful voice belongs more on the dance floor than on a Christmas album.  \\"All I want for Christmas is You\\" is one of the worst in this respect, though it remains one of the most overplayed songs on the radio.  The slinky, spandex Santa suit on the front cover tells you all you need to know.  Christmas music should not sound bootylicious.  Several other tracks on this album share that sound (though not all of them).  If you're looking for something more traditional, look elsewhere.
B001F3FUK6|5.0|Superman Returns is a re-introduction of Superman to a new generation and it has a few twist that only serve to make Superman more \\"human\\". Director Bryan Singer at his absolute best. So far anyway. Singer (X-Men and X-Men 2)is known for focusing far more on the characters over their super powers. That's what a movie is all about. IT'S ABOUT THE CHARACTERS STUPID!!!<br /><br />You can tell when the juvenile minded people speak against the movie. They say stuff like \\"he didn't blow stuff up\\", or \\"he didn't have a super villian to fight\\"! Besides missing the fact that Lex Luther is a super villian, these arguments are low brow at best. Perhaps it's a movie only \\"adults\\" can enjoy.<br /><br />Superman Returns is a great movie and it is worthy of the continuing \\"Superman\\" legacy.
B002Z58GQI|5.0|I bought this Flash drive primarily to work on my xbox360. It works perfectly as intended. A little blue light blinks when you stick the USB drive in a USB port. Honestly for the price, it's a very nice, small and portable Flash Drive. Also it apparantly has a lifetime Warranty. Hope I won't have to use it, but it's great to have.
B001993Y2C|5.0|The only problem I have with this show is I didn't get a 5th season!<br /><br />Nuff said.
B0037AGASG|1.0|I cant really write a review con Justin Bieber My World 2.0 because didnt receive that one in the mail...
B00005O3VD|3.0|There is absolutely no question that Barbara Streisand made a name for herself in this film.  She is wonderful, and the first hour or so is fun.  But this musical treatment of Fanny Brice's life really creaks.  In the first place, there are virtually no original musical numbers after the intermission!  We are left with a recreation of Brice's Swan Lake parody (sans audience, so there's no real excitement or humor), a rather bland song called \\"Funny Girl\\" and Streisand singing the song Brice was known for, \\"My Man\\".  In this pre-Sondheim era, I guess Jule Styne just couldn't come up with any toe tappers as the Brice-Arnstein relationship fizzles.  In the second place, Omar Sharif as Nicky Arnstein was NOT inspired casting and the performance doesn't wear well over the years.  The \\"You are Woman and I am Man\\" number is especially horrible, both in its phony coyness and its rather anachronistic view of male-female relations. Watch the first hour, with the wonderful \\"I'm the Biggest Star\\" and \\"People\\" numbers, and if you can brave the melodrama of the second half, fine, but don't expect any great musical numbers.
B0036CWK8O|5.0|Helloween is one of those odd bands.  They have been around forever, are mostly remembered for the kitschy video for \\"Halloween\\", have a fan base that walks the fine line between Thrall and Zealotry and were never given the critical acclaim deserved for their role in setting the stage for most of today's Melodic Metal.     I am pleased that the re-envisioned music finally has a chance to match Helloween's lyric prowess. They always had the ability to ask questions about us in a spiritual manner without sounding preachy, (\\"Why\\", \\"A Tale that wasn't Right\\", \\"Where the Rain Grows\\") or in a humorous manner (\\"The Game is On\\", \\"Mr Torture\\", \\"Mrs God\\").  However, at times the band has been limited sound wise by it's metal genre. Whenever Helloween reached to be more than that \\"Halloween\\" sound, they were severely rebuked by all sides.  How the band survived the colossal failures of \\"Pink Bubbles Go Ape\\" (Yea, it is as bad as it sounds to say) and \\"Chameleon\\" (nowhere near as bad as most think, and a brilliant insight as to how the band got to this release) is a miracle in it's own right.    As for \\"Unarmed\\", Helloween takes the next step in alternative visioning. The best way I can describe this is as the songs re-worked into a style that would be best described as soundtrack like. Most of the songs have a sound that seems to have grown from the Musical Stage aka Broadway. Soaring harmonies and piano mix well with the songs natural rhythms in a way that brings the term \\"Rock Opera\\" back from the 70's.  Certain songs (Most notably the Lounge Lizardly \\"Dr Stein\\") break this mold, but I think this is a fair description of the Cd's overall feel if not is purpose.    I give the guys credit for not doing what has been stomped to death before; Unplugged (Nirvana, Alice in Chains and KISS ruled the early 90's with this) or Symphonic Rock (Metallica's \\"S&M\\", KISS's \\"Alive IV\\") as seen nearing the Millenium. This is fresh and that in it's own right is a feat these days.    Who wouldlike this? It is hard to tell.  You really need to listed to this before you decide to buy it. If you were a Metalhead who had larger boundaries than most, but not completely crossed over to John Tesh, look into this. If you have ever owned Savatages \\"Streets; A Rock Opera\\", Darling Cruel's \\"The Passion Crimes EP\\", KISS's \\"Music From The Elder\\" or any \\"Trans Siberian Orchestra\\" you might be part of the odd un-named generation that will love this as much as I.    PS, Though effective in the Metal Genre, I would have never though Andi Deris could have pulled this off vocally.  I have a new found appreciation for him after this.  He may not be blessed with much range, but like Jon Bon Jovi, he really knows how to use what he has effectively.
B0042JTDXK|1.0|I have purchased almost all of his early CD's and loved his music until today when I bought this new one and heard a different sound, music & lyrics all geared towards a completly different market. Why the big change? I can not return this now that it is opened sure would like to. I should have read the reviews before I bought it and then made the dicision.  I think it would have been better for his fans to make the change more acceptable by doing some songs from his old style and some from the new.
B00000JMOF|3.0|Frankenstein is a classic, which means that a lot of us haven't sat through it, start to finish, but feel as though we have. And sometimes when we do finally sit down and watch a \\"classic,\\" we're kind of left wondering...why is that a classic?<br /><br />In the case of Frankenstein, the years and frequent remakes have made it difficult to watch the movie in the context in which it was made. We've come to look upon Frankenstein's monster as a sympathetic character, especially after movies like Mary Shelley's Frankenstein, which is more faithful to the original tale, and gave the monster great intelligence and humanity. Thus, the treatment of the monster as a monster seems cruel and unfair.<br /><br />Some aspects of Frankenstein still seem to play as they might have to the original audience. The movie is an atmospheric masterpiece. Dread intermingled with curiosity sweep through us from the very start. The movie starts very abruptly; no set up as to who Frankenstein is, why he's lurking in graveyards at dusk. From the moment the movie starts, we're plunged into gruesome action in a ghastly atmosphere. A grim reaper stands as a scarecrow above them as Frankenstein and the hunchbacked Fritz begin digging. They reach the coffin, and Frankenstein pats it lovingly, as if it held a newborn baby. Frankenstein is in love with his creation...or perhaps only his power to create?<br /><br />As the movie progresses, it becomes clear that it is ambition alone that drives Henry, that he has no compassion for his creation. And this is where it becomes difficult to watch. As I said at the start, we are a different audience than the one that first saw Frankenstein in 1931. We are more troubled by calling the creature a monster, by the inhuman treatment that he receives. Karloff's brilliant body work that captures the pain and beauty of the creature, and the inclusion of the scene in which the monster is happily playing seem insufficient as an indictment of Henry's treatment of his creation, of the ambition that robbed him of his humanity. I think it was easier then to see the creature as a monster than it is now.<br /><br />Is Frankenstein a classic. Certainly, yes. Technically, it is a brilliant film; the atmosphere it creates, the way it captures Henry's madness and the creature's childlike beauty are exquisite. And it is a classic, too, in that it preserves for us a time when monsters were monsters, and deserved to die; it is a record of a time when we found it easier, more comfortable to treat Frankenstein's monster as a horror, instead of as a man suffering innumerable indignities and trying to make sense of a world that he should never have been brought into.that robbed him of his humanity. I think it was easier then to see the creature as a monster than it is now.    Is Frankenstein a classic. Certainly, yes. Technically, it is a brilliant film; the atmosphere it creates, the way it captures Henry's madness and the creature's childlike beauty are exquisite. And it is a classic, too, in that it preserves for us a time when monsters were monsters, and deserved to die; it is a record of a time when we found it easier, more comfortable to treat Frankenstein's monster as a horror, instead of as a man suffering innumerable indignities and trying to make sense of a world that he should never have been brought into.
B001TH8UUA|5.0|This is a great product and should have you involved in the 3D experience by way of dodging and excitement of, \\"What's next\\". Excellent buy for the price!
B001TH8UUA|5.0|Best HDMI cables for the money.  Don't wast 40-60 bucks on a cable with a bunch of extra plastic on it.  These cables have the same audio and video quality.  The markup at big box shops on cables is ridiculous, thats where they make all of their money after swlling you a blu-ray player on the cheap.
0307272702|5.0|For years I have been struggling with weight loss.  I did everything the traditional diets said to do.  I exercised daily, lifted weights, watched what I ate, ate whole grains, skipped the meats, etc, etc.  Yet year after year my weight was still an issue.  Then I happened to get a copy of this book and my mindset changed forever.<br /><br />The author does a great job of digging into the science and fact of the matter of weight and why we get fat.  He goes smack dab against the propoganda we have been fed for the past 50 years and dives deep into studies that started back in the late 1800s.  He examines what German scientists and medical professionals were reporting before WWII and looks at study after study that shows that cutting back on carbohydrates works -- almost universally (he does admit for a small percentage of people there are other issues behind their weight, but for the majority of folks a low carb diet has shown remarkable results over the years).<br /><br />What really was an eye opener in this book for me was the discovery of how we have been duped over the years by the medical professionals and health organizations who ignored what the data said to push their own agendas.  I am a shining example of this -- I worked out religiously, running, lifting weights, etc -- but my weight stayed on.  I was tired and hungry after the workouts but the medical standard was to tell me to ignore the hunger and not eat.  So I was exhausted instead because my body didn't have the fuel it needed.<br /><br />So far I've followed the advice of the book for one week and the results are already present.  My energy levels are WAY up and my clothes are actually a tad bit looser.  Can it be true?  Can this really be working?<br /><br />This is a wonderful book to pick up and read if you struggle with your weight.  I urge everyone who is tired of this non-stop starving yourself craziness to pick this up and read it.  It will change your life forever!
B000O77SOK|5.0|If you love other law dramas this is perfect for you. For you law junkies it has just what you need, for those who don't know elements of first degree murder, it is for you too. Goes into courtroom drama, practice drama, and outside life drama. It is addicting, it is perfect.
B003JSU2NU|4.0|Well, I love the \\"Twilight\\" soundtrack; so does my 7-yr-old son.  I have it in the car, & when it starts with song #1, he yells, \\"Yea baby, let 'er rip!\\".  Have no idea where he got that from.  But it's a great CD.  As far as the \\"New Moon\\" soundtrack goes, it's high on my list (except the last song; can't figure out where that fits in).  But I haven't made up my mind about the \\"Eclipse\\" soundtrack.  I like some of the songs & some I'm not crazy about.  It's my least favorite.
B00005MCX0|5.0|One of the main reasons  I enjoy hawkwind is you can always count on them for that good 70,s vibe  also this is the band lemmy was in before motorhead although he left before this album.  This is a very good cd you can really hear the good quality of musicians on this remaster.  Brocks voice is superb my favorites are you know you're only dreaming it has such an acid rock feel plus master of the univers  the final track is live with the song born to go and before that silver machine which were done excellent.    Own this or be trapped in torment in lady gaga world (aka today's music)
B0029O08WA|5.0|The \\"Twilight\\" soundtrack is awesome.  The \\"New Moon\\" soundtrack is almost as good--I like the songs except for the last one--too \\"loud\\" for my taste.  I don't think it fits in anywhere with the other songs.  I have to go to the next CD before it starts playing.
1423113381|4.0|This is the first book in a new science fiction/fantasy series.  Carter and Sadie are brother and sister; their parents are experts on Egyptian history.  Their mother dies when they are young and Sadie stays with her maternal grandparents while Carter travels the world with their father.  At the beginning of the book, their dad brings them to a museum and that is when things begin to really get interesting.  Carter and Sadie are connected to Egyptian Gods in ways that they did not even know were possible.  This book has great action and well written characters; the author obviously research Egyptian history well.  This book will keep readers engrossed, even at its chunky 500 plus page length.  This book was on the book list for the science fiction/fantasy month of the YA literature course that I am taking; I borrowed this book from the library.<br /><br />[...]
B001UAX56A|5.0|No one will read this since I'm one of 880 at this count, but this CD changed my life.  Opened me up to a whole new way of thinking.  Only other album like that is Erykah Badu Live.
B0044E9LW6|5.0|Even if the sad events for DIO fans of earlier this year(2010) had not affected life so much, this package of a double CD of Live Performances would still be brilliant. DIO left a legacy of great music, great performances and uplifted hearts. As is evidenced by his comments between songs, he is there for the fans, and this was evident before these performance ( Munich 1977, now on DVD, With Rainbow), and after ( in just about every live DVD including the final officially recorded one at Wacken).<br />  The songs in 1983( disc 1) and 1987( disc 2) have some repetition in content, but its ALL good when it comes to DIO. This is a Master singer showing his art. Since it is a BBC recording, I can only hope that there might be some live footage somewhere, but I won't hold my breath, especially since the Hyde Park concerts, supposedly recorded by BBC have seen been consistently released.<br />  Anyway, what I can say about this release is that the audio is brilliant, the Booklet is superb and the replica \\"ACCESS  ALL AREAS\\" pass is a stroke of genius. Whilst it is  a great item that is made available, it is in a way sad, but this Digipak, and the Great Live in Europe ( aka, Live at Wacken) 2009 is a must have to celebrate the life of a Master Hard Rock singer who gave his all for the fans.<br />  Rest in Peace Ronnie, and for those who listen to his genius on CD, ROCK TIL YOU DROP !!<br />July 23, 2012: I only heard recently, that Ronnie James Dio had a hand himself in the packaging of this set.He chose the cool extras, and I understand he chose the very cool list. So, Blessed by the Dio himself, makes this double CD a special bonus
039472903X|5.0|Even if this book was written over 25 years ago... a time without the internet, social media, etc. The lessons here are timeless!
0307346617|5.0|The format (after-the-fact interviews of a smattering of people giving their perspectives on the Zombie war) totally lends itself to an audio format.  It's like listening to a surreal, NPR special.  The voices are excellent and by and large very convincing in tone.      And Mark Hamill (yes, Luke Skywalker!) steals the show as Todd Wanio, a soldier who fought in the war.  Believe it or not his reading was the most believable and entertaining of them all!    Overall - quite an awesome story.  Now I'm looking forward to the movie.
B002ZG980U|1.0|this is the worse movie Leo has ever done. I am still to this day trying to figure it out . Dont waste your money
1439177783|4.0|This is an insightful, well written and thought provoking book about the role food plays in our lives. It is a must read for anyone who either has an eating disorder, knows someone who does, or just wants to learn more about what was once a hush-hush topic.     Ms. de Rossi comes across as an intelligent, sincere young woman who has struggled most of her life with anorexia and binge/purging eating. If you are looking for a gossipy Hollywood tell-all, then this is not a book .for you. Instead, please read it if you are truly interested in finding out the destruction an eating disorder can cause to the participant and their families.     I am assuming that the author didn't have a ghost writer. If that is so, then she is a very gifted, soul-bearing woman who should be justifiable proud of her ability to overcome her addictions.
B0044XV3R8|4.0|This item was bought for a Christmas present so it has not yet been viewed, but I am thrilled to find it and it was received very quickly. The giftee has not yet seen the movie so I know it will be well enjoyed.
B000GDH9JQ|5.0|If ballet and tap are your thing, this Cold War film of intrigue and danger in the USSR is a love story wrapped with a dance bow.     I would give it 10 stars if I could. Gregory Hines is still sorely missed.
B000PC0U1W|5.0|Bluray review: awesome video, awesome audio. It's really impressive how orchestral music can invoke so much emotion and bring tears to the eyes.    Movie review: It's an awesome movie.
B000JFRFRM|5.0|This is a re-read for me but this time it's through audio and it's the original story, which I haven't read. I previously read the Author's Preferred Version which is a lot longer. Anyway, the voice acting is done pretty well; my only complaint is Wednesday sounds kinda like a whiner. But I think it's done to make him sound like an old man. Regardless it's good voice acting and the production was fine.<br /><br />The story tells of Shadow a man just let out of jail and is on his way home to his wife, but ends up getting employed as a bodyguard to a certain mysterious man named Wednesday because he finds out his wife died with his former employer. So Shadow has nothing to go back home to and takes the job.<br /><br />The title of the story is what the story is about: American Gods. But these are not American Gods but rather old European, Russian, African or whatever types of Gods that were brought over to America back in the day when the people coming to America still believed in these gods. Now America doesn't need old gods, and these old gods are stuck in America with nobody to worship them anymore. Wednesday is an old god \\"Oden\\", and is trying to recruit all the old gods to fight against the new gods of technology and television, etcetera, that are pushing the old gods to extinction.<br /><br />Somehow Shadow is brought into the middle of this as he travels the US with Wednesday to recruit the gods. The story follows Shadow while he tries to piece together what's going on and why is he involved in this since he's a mortal?<br /><br />This is a well told story with a solid ending. The mythology of these gods is also informative as you are told some of their mythology and why they were worshiped. So you get entertained and educated in this epic novel by Gaiman. This is probably my most favorite piece of work by Gaiman, as it is just so interesting on so many levels. This audio book is easily recommended!
B000000OQF|5.0|To start off, Appetite For Destruction is an 18x Platinum album, making it the most best-selling album of all time world-wide, Surpassing the album Boston(by Boston). Next, this is the review of the songs:    1.WELCOME TO THE JUNGLE  A great start for entering the Appetite, it has very violent lyrics, but it is one of the best songs on the album.    2.IT'S SO EASY [EXPLICIT]  One out of two of the songs on the album that front-man Axl Rose shows his deeper voice. It also has violent lyrics, and has explicit lyrics (cussing).    3.NIGHTRAIN  A drinking song, about cheap Californian wine. This song is not explicit in anyway (unless you find the lyrics,\\"and I can tell you honey, you can make my money tonight.\\" explicit).    4.OUT TA GET ME [EXPLICIT]  The song is about running away from police. The song has explicit lyrics (cussing).    5.MR BROWNSTONE [EXPLICIT]  A song about drugs (the lyrics,\\"I used to do a little but the little didn't do it, so the little got more and more. Just kept trying to get a little better, said a little better than before.\\") It has explicit lyrics (cussing).    6.PARADISE CITY  One of the best songs on the album. The song is about 'getting away from this life'. It has no explicit lyrics in anyway.    7.MY MICHELLE  One of my favorites. It has the word, \\"porno\\", which I guess they say is explicit.    8.THINK ABOUT YOU   A ballad, and is NOT EXPLICIT!!!!!!!!! NOT EVEN A LITTLE!!!!!! THEY MESSED UP!!!!!!    9.SWEET CHILD O' MINE  One of the best songs on the album. Many people know this album from that song, it's a very beautiful ballad.    10.YOU'RE CRAZY [EXPLICIT]  A very fast song. It has explicit lyrics (cussing)    11.ANYTHING GOES [EXPLICIT]  A song that many don't know. It dosen't have any cussing, the lyrics are sexually explicit.    12.ROCKET QUEEN [EXPLICIT]  Even though it dosen't say explicit, it is sexually explicit, but other than that, it's a real good song.    This is My Review, and I recommend this album to anyone who likes any kind of rock, and I believe that this is the greatest album in the history of music.
B003YK42LQ|5.0|Super fast delivery!! CD came in 3 days and was brand new, still in the shrink wrap!! Would def love to buy from seller in the future!!!
B003W5C0VW|5.0|This movie captures, to me, the Stones at their finest. So the video is grainy, sound not up to today's standards and not a dozen of camera angles. It doesn't matter to me. Their set list is from their greatest 4 albums, ever. Mick Taylor's guitar playing makes it all come together. So if you want to see the performances where the Rolling Stones became and were literally elevated to \\"The Greatest Rock and Roll Band in the World\\" here's the reason why in this movie.<br /><br />Highly Recommended.
B001BMKOZW|5.0|I just recieved this CD today and I love it! Fast delivery and disc is in mint condition!!! Thanks =)
B000WQWPKA|5.0|The product was great and I've enjoyed watching the video. However, the fact that it sat in Phoenix for four days is somewhat questionable. That's two in a row (it isn't the senders' fault).
0767827902|5.0|Watching [[ASIN:0767827902 The Last Picture Show: The Definitive Director's Cut (Special Edition)]] again after all these years felt almost like reexperiencing those times in my life.<br /><br />It was released in 1971, at the beginning of a decade charged with revolutionary emotions and challenges.  Depicting a time in small-town Texas (the 1950s), this movie leads us through a few months in the lives of several characters in coming-of-age moments.  A frank, bittersweet drama of social and sexual mores that are shifting, it is also most notable for the talent-laden cast of characters:  Jeff Bridges, Cybill Shepherd, Timothy Bottoms, Cloris Leachman, and Ben Johnson, to name a few.<br /><br />Filmed in black and white, the movie is set against a dreary tumbleweed-cast backdrop, with an almost ghost-town appearance.  It called to mind for me where I was when it was released.  I had just moved to what could almost be a twin of the dreary town of Anarene, Texas.  The counterpart was a small former oil town to the west of the Central Valley city where I now live.  The desolation in the film mirrored the emotions I felt when \\"dropped into\\" this town; I was young, with three small children, and cast rudderless onto what felt like a barren landscape.  Uprooted from the urban life I loved (in Northern California), I could completely identify with the feelings of desolation experienced by the characters.<br /><br />As I watched the film today, those same emotions swept over me, and I almost felt as though I were back there.<br /><br />Directed by Peter Bogdanovich, the movie can best be described as a timeless coming-of-age tale that spotlights a season in the lives of a disenchanted group of young people.<br /><br />Five stars.
0553805371|2.0|If you're a \\"layperson\\" interested in the history of quantum physics and the associated theories past and present, this might present a diverting read. If you're looking for groundbreaking ideas or a new way to look at things, seek elsewhere. The entire book, aside from being a \\"quantum physics 101\\", basically states in extremely tedious language one simple premise:<br /><br />Because of the nature of the universe, there is no \\"beginning\\" to what is and therefore no point in thinking about what came before. They could have stated that fact in the opening sentence, and saved a lot of readers the trouble of wading through the entire pointless book.
B000WJSCZE|3.0|the book illustrates useful principles to build good presentations. Shame that it could have given the same messages using half the pages.
B0042AEOG0|4.0|I want to first say don't be misled by the title of this review this is a good cd. With that said it is not as great as her first Christmas cd,but in her defense it would be almost impossible to duplicate that greatness twice. I am so happy she stayed away from adding hip hop and having guests on almost every song like she has had a habit of doing on her regular cds for the pass 10 years. The songs she selected are great Christmas classics and she sings them well not surprising she is a great singer. I miss the Mariah who used to belt out songs full throttle but she does do that on some songs. None of the songs are overproduced for the exception of the song with her mother Patricia Carey O Come All Ye Faithful,which along with Charlie Brown Christmas are the only two songs I don't like on the cd. All in all again this is a good cd Mariah is in good voice and shows she still has the goods to make quality music in a day and age where that is far and between. If your a Mariah fan like me add this to your collection she is one of the few living legends that can still bring a smile to my face when she comes out with new music.
B0039208JE|4.0|If you were around in summer 1989 then you'll remember that Bat-fever was EV-ER-Y-WHERE! You couldn't look anywhere without seeing the Bat Logo in some incarnation. The film was a mega-hit. People were queueing up around the block for hours (the literal meaning of a blockbuster).<br /><br />The marketing team at Warner had to saturate the minds of the public with the big-screen coming of the Dark Knight. Up until this point the Batman series from the 1960s is how people regarded the Batman character and universe. Tim Burton corrected all that by giving us a dark, sinister and Gothic world with rich production design and a great score by Danny Elfman (who has made a career out of recycling the same old generic cues in nearly every movie he has scored). The original material is respected (to a degree), and the characters are deep instead of just campy.<br /><br />Michael Keaton is the best Bruce Wayne in my opinion. When he plays both Bruce Wayne and Batman you have to watch what he doesn't say and doesn't do. He's a rich, socio-phobic megalomaniac who has more money than sense. This is very different from Adam West's turtleneck playboy.<br /><br />Jack Nicholson is a great Joker too, not quite as intimidating or as iconic as Heath Ledger's take on the character, but still a role that has defined his career in a way. Nicholson's Joker isn't much more than an attention-seeking lunatic. But it's still nothing like Caesar Romero's campy, hopping-skipping-and-jumping villain.<br /><br />Anton Furst's Oscar-winning design of Gotham City is very original and unique, and is very much in the style of the Comic book. The smoke-blackened, cramped and claustrophobic 1920s buildings look and create a very oppressive atmosphere. This is definitely GOTHam City. Not LA like the TV series.<br /><br />They didn't even make any attempt with that show did they? In fact the Batcave in the TV series was like the set of a mad scientists lab from a 1950s movie. But the REAL Batcave in this movie is a monstrous cavern filled with stalagmites and it actually HAS bats in it. And there's no fireman's pole leading into it.<br /><br />With Christopher Nolan's reboot of the franchise currently the only Batman worth considering for most fans, it'd be a shame if you were to let this go ignored. It may not be as mature as Nolan's work but it has an edge that no other recent comic-book movie has.<br /><br />It's NOT an origin story. There's no 60 precious minutes on a build-up, it just goes straight to the action. Why can't more comic-book movies do this?stalagmites and it actually HAS bats in it. And there's no fireman's pole leading into it.    With Christopher Nolan's reboot of the franchise currently the only Batman worth considering for most fans, it'd be a shame if you were to let this go ignored. It may not be as mature as Nolan's work but it has an edge that no other recent comic-book movie has.    It's NOT an origin story. There's no 60 precious minutes on a build-up, it just goes straight to the action. Why can't more comic-book movies do this?
B002ZG999U|5.0|This movie I was seriously amazed from start to end in the theater, and that didn't change watching it again! Best movie of 2010 :-D Love it Love it Love it!
B00000J7SS|5.0|Though looking back one can't avoid seeing it as a milestone in the history of jazz, Miles Davis' 1969 effort BITCHES BREW has always drawn criticism from those who think Miles was trying to compete with popular music. Youth trends had long moved on to rock and funk and left jazz behind, especially the post-bop stylings the Miles Davis Quintet were playing hiterto. Still, there is something fresh and new here. Free jazz reached its apex long before the release of BITCHES BREW (Coltrane had been gone for almost three years by then), but Miles Davis succeeded in producing jazz that was superficially noisy, messy, dirty but which always remained rooted in some coherent harmony.<br /><br />We hear sounds completely new to the genre thanks to producer Teo Macero, who drastically edited the recording sessions and sometimes introduced effects, such as when in the title track Miles' trumpet duets with itself across the stereo channels. Even if you've collected all the releases up to this album, which contain innumerable moments claimed by someone or other to be Miles' definitive turn towards fusion, BITCHES BREW still sounds like a giant leap forward mainly because of Macero's editing. But because Macero spliced together the tracks we find here out of disparate jams, with cast of musicians longer than your arm, one initially encounters a somewhat homogenous feel of general pandemonium from track to track.<br /><br />Much of the fun of the album, then, is in discovering the special nuances in each, whether it be John McLaughlin's superb guitar in \\"Miles Runs the Voodoo Down\\", the unexpected bass clarinet in \\"Pharoah's Dance\\", Wayne Shorter's solo in \\"John McLaughlin\\", or Miles' spoken directions to his band in in the title track. There are innumerable little moments, and BITCHES BREW has the lifelong replay value of the best classical symphonies.<br /><br />I am rather unhappy about Columbia's decision to put an extra track on the 1999 reissue. \\"Feio\\" is a Wayne Shorter composition that was recorded months after BITCHES BREW was complete, and in my opinion it breaks the flow of the album that Macero so carefully arranged. The 2010 legacy edition does even worse with a set of alternate takes.ded months after BITCHES BREW was complete, and in my opinion it breaks the flow of the album that Macero so carefully arranged. The 2010 legacy edition does even worse with a set of alternate takes.
B002ZG980U|4.0|INCEPTION--a pretty good film at first viewing, but it needs a few screenings in order to figure out all the nuances, twists, and clever script. Then, with each viewing, the film gets better and greater. Christopher Nolan does [it] again. Whereas he brought the \\"real world\\" to superhero movies with THE DARK KNIGHT he brings it to this Science-Fiction/Heist/Thriller/Corporate Espionage film through his cinematography, production, and script. As in all great \\"heist\\"-type films, the key is a great ensemble cast. Leonardo DiCaprio is the lead, but he is backed with the likes of Ellen Page, Ken Watanabe, Tom Hardy, Dileep Rao, Cillian Murphy and an actor who has grown so much since his days from the tv series THIRD ROCK FROM THE SUN, Joseph Gordon-Levitt (who looks uncannily like the late Heath Ledger, that, should Chris Nolan decide to do more Batman-sequels, should cast Levitt as \\"The Joker\\" for a re-match as the antagonist/villian). Also in the cast, Lukas Haas, Michael Caine, Pete Postlewaite, and good to see veteran Tom Berenger in the mix.  INCEPTION loosley resembles a forgotten 1984 Dennis Quaid thriller DREAMSCAPE with nods to TOTAL RECALL and THE MATRIX, with an ensemble-type atmosphere resembling the films of HEAT and RONIN. The pseudo-science, suspense, and special effects of dream worlds all blend well together for a great sci-fi thriller. Once again, DiCaprio turns in another intense performance (one of his best since THE DEPARTED), and Christopher Nolan is just an amazing filmmaker.
B001OQCV2E|1.0|It fluxuates. It is either an irritating adventure,or overly dramatic/ upsetting movie. This is what the movies about for over 2 hours. Some how, only in holywood, this man and his family make it while billions of people are dying all around them. They always get away as the earth caves-in, blows up, or catches fire, ect. How many one line jokes, and quick get aways can you have in a movie? Well, that's all this c-ap is full of. Then the story changes to a highly emotional scene of father son making their peace, or man sacrafices his life for another person. If the director would have just stayed with the realistic, or the absord. However, he doesn't. So you'll either get a headach from the stupid one liners, or the overly dramatic heart tugging moments.
B0044VTC0A|5.0|Harry Tasker (Arnold Schwarzenegger) is a secret agent who works for the US Government as he hunts down criminals and various terrorists for 15 years as he lies to his sexy wife Helen (Jamie Lee Curtis) and 14 year old daughter Dana (Eliza Duskhu) that he is a computer salesman. But the truth is that he's a secret government agent who hunts down criminals and terrorists around the world with the help of assistant Gibs (Tom Arnold) as they track down terrorist Aziz (Art Malik) who plans on bombing a few major cities here in the states while at the same time Harry isn't spending time with his family as his wife is having an affair secretly with car salesman Simon (Bill Paxton) but can Harry deal with getting his wife back and fight with the terrorists at the same time?<br /><br />An excellent mix of action, comedy and thrills from writer-producer-director James Cameron. Co-starring sexy Tia Carrera and Charlton Heston, this is an explosive extravaganza of laughs with memorable one-liners like \\"Here's my invitation\\" and good characterization, Jamie Lee Curtis does her memorable sexy non-nude dance for the audience and the film is vastly underrated. However James Cameron fans like myself including fans of action-comedies will find something delightful in this movie to enjoy for it's a good time for anyone as i always loved it since i was 13 when i saw it in theaters twice.<br /><br />This DVD contains a good transfer and sound quality with only one extra which is the theatrical trailer, hopefully next year will come out the special edition DVD/Blu-Rays.
B00164KYV4|5.0|Dating can be quite stressful considering all of the expectations and concerns each individual brings to every new relationship. For this reason, it is no surprise that many romantic comedies focus on helping viewers laugh at relationship complexities. The comic relief is nice and entertaining, but not usually insightful. In contrast, the movie, He's Just Not That Into You, with its all-star cast, is the most thought-provoking film in its genre.  Viewers glean insights from this film's many lessons on how to determine the level of interest in another person and how to evaluate one's own feelings about potential partners. The movie causes the audience to ponder why women sometimes tolerate being treated poorly by men, what constitutes a happy ending, and whether taking relationship advice from friends is a wise choice. The nine main characters lives are intertwined as friends, roommates, co-workers, and chance encounters, while representing various stages of relationships. The characters evaluate their current relationships and eventually learn that rules do not apply when other people's emotions are involved. Instead, they must realize their own worth and discover their individual needs and desires while waiting for a person who recognizes their worth and values it too. This movie helps people consider the balance that needs to exist between the random nature of relationships and pursuing goals with a purpose. Finally, the film urges people to avoid focusing on the fairy tale version of a happy ending, but rather on an ending that is right for them.
B00005JLK1|5.0|Ghost Ship is a awesome movie. It has everything that a good horror movie should have.<br />The plot is great,with a few twists, the cruise ship makes sets the scene and really makes it work.<br />I love Desmond Harrington he really makes the movie what it is.<br />I can honestly say I have never got bored of watching it.
0670451495|5.0|This book is well written and illustrated.  While the pictures are not in color, as so many children's books are, I find that part of the charm as it is my understanding that it was originally written in the 1940's.  There is a sculpture in Central Park of Boston of this mother duck and her babies that prompted me to purchase the book.  It was purchased for the birth of a baby and accompanied by an original rubber duck for the bath tub and 3 bath towels with ducks printed on them.
B003ZJJFKE|5.0|Without going into some long detailed explanation, it is a great listening album; my favorites are Dream Song, The Golden Room (love the middle eastern feel), and Wind in the Trees. Other than the Chickenfoot venture, Joe continues to impart a piece of his soul into everything he plays. I think Sammy and the Boys dragged him down a bit artistically (did anyone see the horrendous net cast of the Cabo anniversary? Joe was flawless, obviously the others were 3 sheets to the wind); but I'm sure there were some great lessons learned, and it looked like great fun (but Joe's band mates always appear to have fun. Anyone ever saw Jeff or Galen without an ear-to-ear grin on stage?).    I have only been a big fan of his for about 3 years now.......I think watching him on my neighbors' big screen at a party (Live in Tokyo) cinched it; I don't really know why I didn't start enjoying him sooner......Joe is a little less than a year older than me, and I have always listened to guitar based rock. Listening to his whole catalog is really an interesting journey; personally, I think he got his stride around 2002. I sure hope he manages to get a Grammy soon.......he currently is second in line for holding the record of the most nominations (15) without winning an award, right behind Brian McKnight (16). No one else deserves it more.    We saw him live at Orlando House of Blues on 12/3/10, for my son's 20th birthday (he plays guitar and it was his birthday). I took him and a friend, and met some other friends there. We got inside a little late, but managed to get over on the stage side that Joe was on, and were about 20 -25 feet from him for most of the show. Absolutely one of the best live shows I have EVER seen. It just doesn't get better than that. Period.
1439152780|3.0|This novel, in theory, is very in keeping with Kate Morton's usual subject matter... generations of tightly kept secrets, an old home with secrets of its own, discoveries about the current generation made through an investigation of the past, switching narration and time periods. But Morton, in my opinion, took on too much this go-around. Too many facets of this story became essentially muddled (no pun intended) in the mix. As a reader, I felt that the stories that were trying to be told were sacrificed at the expense of the sheer quantity of things going on: a hairdressing and colorful aunt, a mysterious writer turned love interest at the very end for our narrator, an eccentric boss, several different relationships with servants, a possible fourth sister in the castle's present-day tour guide, a brother who has always wondered about the whereabouts of his AWOL older brother... the reading experience became just exhausting keeping up with the twists and turns.  I often found myself while reading this novel hoping to return to the main mystery of the Blythe sisters.  The relationship between the main character and her mother (who was evacuated to their home during the early days of WWII) really seemed like a massive distraction.  Too many characters were given very little consideration for the reader to feel very invested in their journey.  The story would have done well with some editing. More is, in this case, less.
0894803123|5.0|We purchased this book along with an ice cream maker as a gift for our daughter who has eight children.  They all love the recipes!
0307591549|5.0|The Happiness Advantage: Seven Principles of Positive Psychology that Fuel Success and Performance at Work is based on a decade of research in the field of positive psychology and neuroscience applied to business, and offers a formula equating happiness to success. When you raise happiness, you raise success rates: this book's concept follows a Harvard University 'happiness course' that links happiness to every level of industry and business. A fine pick for any business library!
B0026P3G12|5.0|Product arrived on time, as advertised.  Against all odds, this is the first of what I hope will be many albums in an inspiring career.  This woman has become a hero to me; and what a voice!
B002MCJZHS|5.0|This album is nice. Wait. Retract that. This album is amazing and will change the way you listen to music.<br /><br />I'm a sucker for rock, for heavy thumping beats and dirty blues. And although the Xx doesn't sound like anything you've listened to before, it does, at the same time, sound like everything you love. The vocals are smooth, the melodies are enchanting, the beats not too heavy, but driving. But most of all, the timing - that's what really makes this band amazing. They have you hanging on their every word, like the most popular and beautiful person you've ever crushed hard on. The music - you keep waiting for the beats with such a tantalizing building to the melodies that you feel yourself just lost. It's dramatic without being cheesy, and makes you lament and long for someone to share it with so much that you'd swear you're back in high school.<br /><br />I love hearing the marimba played by any band, but usually it's covered by other instruments. To get an idea of what this album sounds like in comparison to other bands: everything - music, vocals, beats - is stripped down to its panties and photographed under candlelight. The result is dark, beautiful, melodic, private Polaroid-like music worthy of repeat listening until you fall asleep or fall in love. Or both.<br /><br />I heard this band first on KCRW on Morning Becomes Eclectic here in L.A. Then I went to Europe for work, and every high-end store I walked into - in Paris, in London, in Berlin - seemed to have this playing. And I'm not exaggerating! I think my companions were ready to shoot me because I just wanted to stay in the stores where this was playing and wander around, listening to the music and letting my thoughts meander in and out of the beats.<br /><br />Just quit reading reviews. Buy it and enjoy it. I know I haven't spent money on an album and been so incredibly satisfied in a long time.
B0032JTV6U|5.0|In unimpressive Lima, Ohio, the kids sing impressively. With Fox as its network launching pad and feeding off that AMERICAN IDOL fervor, GLEE is FAME for the 21st Century, with obvious whiffs of POPULAR and FREAKS & GEEKS. Like those shows before it, GLEE demonstrates that \\"misfits and spazheads and cripples can make it, too.\\" Sure, the episodes tend to be silly and breezy and over-the-top. And we get that predictable high heap of teen angst and snark and we're subjected to that time-honored high school caste system and even some drawn out baby mama drama. But the joyous and sometimes sublime musical performances make everything gravy. GLEE is exuberant and fresh and drags its fans along its giddy wake. Just you beware the predatory slushy.<br /><br />The premise hangs on high school Spanish teacher Will Schuester taking a crack at reviving his school's woeful Glee Club, at the time a repository for the school's teen social outcasts (members include a stutterer, a fat chick, a guy in a wheelchair, etc.). The season follows the Glee Club's journey as it comes together and competes in the Sectional and Regional show choir circuits. The cast makes it all work, with particular nods to Lea Michele (really terrific as Rachel, the talented but abrasive teen diva), Matthew Morrison (the idealistic Will Schuester), and the outstanding Jane Lynch (she won an Emmy as that colossal ego, Coach Sue Sylvester). Everyone does their own singing, some of them professionally trained, some not. It's ridiculous how popular this show got so quickly, and the prestige it's gathered.<br /><br />Some very noteworthy performers have added their talents (or given their blessings) to GLEE. There's the episode devoted entirely to Madonna, and another that is Olivia Newton-John-centric. The sensational Kristin Chenoweth demonstrates her pipes as she guest-stars in two episodes. Neil Patrick Harris shows up as an embittered glee club alum and sings two duets with Mr. Shoe. But, really, it's all about the underdog kids who stop being underdogs the moment they belt out a tune. Their performances are amazing, many are showstoppers (and, I dunno, I think it's a particular bit of awesome whenever the big bully Puck sings). The song selections cover a wide range of genres, from Broadway to rock to rap, from contemporary and old school, Color Me Badd rubbing elbows with Journey and Kanye and Queen; and the mash-ups rock the hizzy. I think it's funny that Mr. Shoe every now and then busts it old school with a Young MC or Vanilla Ice track. So the storylines may go down like a tall drink of whatever; that didn't matter. It's all about the kids singing their hearts out, man.<br /><br />And because we all like making lists, here's one of my favorite performances: Rachel's \\"Gives You Hell\\" and \\"Don't Rain On My Parade,\\" Kurt & Rachel's \\"Defying Gravity,\\" Kristin Chenoweth's \\"Maybe This Time,\\" Mr. Shoe and New Directions' \\"Golddigger,\\" Puck's \\"Sweet Caroline,\\" and New Directions' \\"Ride Wit Me.\\" And that's just off the top of my head.<br /><br />GLEE - THE COMPLETE FIRST SEASON has 22 episodes on seven discs and with impressive bonus material (but no audio commentaries):<br /><br />- \\"Welcome to McKinley!\\" - Principal Figgins conducts an amusing orientation program for the William McKinley High School (00:05:03 minutes long)<br />- GLEE music video (\\"Somebody to Love\\")<br />- \\"Full Length Audition Pieces\\" - Rachel singing \\"On My Own\\" and Mercedes singing \\"Respect\\" from the pilot episode<br />- \\"Casting Session\\" goes into the casting choices of Lea Michele, Cory Monteith, and Chris Colfer (00:11:59)<br />- \\"Deconstructing GLEE with series creator Ryan Murphy\\" is self-explanatory (00:02:50)<br />- \\"Dance Boot Camp\\" - Cast interviews about their undergoing dance lessons (00:03:13)<br />- \\"Jane Lynch: From A to GLEE\\" - just a few of Sue Sylvester's bon mots (00:00:54 seconds)<br />- \\"Meet Jane Lynch\\" (00:01:05)<br />- \\"5 Things You Don't Know About Jayma\\" (00:00:41)<br />- \\"7Things You Don't Know About Cory\\" (00:01:01)<br />- \\"6 Things You Don't Know About Amber\\" (00:00:59)<br />- \\"7 Things You Don't Know About Chris\\" (00:00:43)<br />- Video Diaries from 8 cast members, centering on their trip to New York to promote the show (totaling 00:17:11)<br />- Glee Music Jukebox (musical performances from GLEE episodes)<br />- \\"GLEE Sing-Along Karaoke\\" - sub-titles provided for four songs performed in GLEE: \\"Alone,\\" \\"Somebody to Love,\\" \\"Keep Holding On,\\" and \\"Don't Stop Believin'\\"<br />- \\"Unleashing The Power of Madonna\\" - the cast & crew reflect on Madonna's music and influence and talk about the episode \\"The Power of Madonna\\" which is devoted entirely to her (00:10:37)<br />- \\"Staying In Step With GLEE\\" - the show's choreographers break down the dance steps to the \\"Rehab\\" routine (00:06:20)<br />- \\"Bite Their Style: Dress Like Your Favorite Gleek\\" - the costume designers demonstrate the various wardrobes and styles worn by four of the show's  characters: Rachel, Kurt, Mercedes, Quinn (00:08:53)<br />- \\"Making of a Showstopper\\" goes behind the scenes of Vocal Adrenalin's rendition of \\"Bohemian Rhapsody\\" from the season-ending episode (00:17:22)Things You Don't Know About Cory\\" (00:01:01)<br />- \\"6 Things You Don't Know About Amber\\" (00:00:59)<br />- \\"7 Things You Don't Know About Chris\\" (00:00:43)<br />- Video Diaries from 8 cast members, centering on their trip to New York to promote the show (totaling 00:17:11)<br />- Glee Music Jukebox (musical performances from GLEE episodes)<br />- \\"GLEE Sing-Along Karaoke\\" - sub-titles provided for four songs performed in GLEE: \\"Alone,\\" \\"Somebody to Love,\\" \\"Keep Holding On,\\" and \\"Don't Stop Believin'\\"<br />- \\"Unleashing The Power of Madonna\\" - the cast & crew reflect on Madonna's music and influence and talk about the episode \\"The Power of Madonna\\" which is devoted entirely to her (00:10:37)<br />- \\"Staying In Step With GLEE\\" - the show's choreographers break down the dance steps to the \\"Rehab\\" routine (00:06:20)<br />- \\"Bite Their Style: Dress Like Your Favorite Gleek\\" - the costume designers demonstrate the various wardrobes and styles worn by four of the show's  characters: Rachel, Kurt, Mercedes, Quinn (00:08:53)<br />- \\"Making of a Showstopper\\" goes behind the scenes of Vocal Adrenalin's rendition of \\"Bohemian Rhapsody\\" from the season-ending episode (00:17:22)
B001JEWNQ0|5.0|To say this book is ten times better than the movie is quite a lot from me considering I grew up loving the movie. However, the movie lacks a depth and imagination that the book serves in giant portions. I only wish I spoke and read German so I could read it in its original language. I am sure there are things lost in the translation and seeing how creative it is in english, I can only imagine what the original text would be like.
B002FOQY04|4.0|That's a great second album from Cudi. We knew him from his electro dynamic features but hear his come with nothing we'd heard before, it's totally new and original, darker, as the singer personnality, the second one deserve all the best too, and even more.
B000000WHC|5.0|I bought this after hearing someone play \\"Still Got the Blues\\" and did a search and found Gary Moore.  I think he has to be one of the greatest guitar players ever.  Reminds me so much of Jimi Hendrix (I was around during those times!). I can play this CD over and over, never get tired of it and his talent.  I think that someone that is a \\"pure\\" blues lover may not take to this 100 per cent because of his rock, heavy metal influence but I think this is one of the most talented blues players to me. Such talent does not come along like this very often, one of the best.
B0032BMTCQ|5.0|I second Mr. Seybold's review. I bought a pair of Ozon I's two years ago. I first wore them in winter under unpadded tights and sometimes rainpants, then alone in spring and summer, riding 300-400 miles a week.  At summer's end I snatched up three more pairs on sale, because they worked.  I had other bibs that chafed my bum on longer rides, and it was not fun to have to stand up every couple minutes after 40 miles with 20 left go go to relieve severe burning pain.  The ozons let me sit, sit, sit, unless I needed to stand up to climb or sprint. Gore buys EIT pads from Assos/Cytech, which explains their comfort.    I have some Assos FI Mille bibs, which are great too, but the Ozons are my main go-to's (since I own more pairs of them). They fit differently, but both models are totally comfortable for rides of 50, 70, 100 miles, and the Ozons on sale are the stand-out  \\"Best Buy\\". (For Assos, the best haggle-free prices are in the UK, dealers here are reluctant to go below MSRP unless you personally negotiate \\"deals\\", and even then they don't match wiggle's prices, at least for ordinary customers.)    In summary, the Ozons' quality is in no way a compromise compared to Assos.  How is this possible?  Gore & Associates is a large diverse-products multinational company.  It can get lowest prices on materials, it gets low production costs in China (vs. Assos' Slovenia/ Bulgaria, and the Chinese have 3000 years of fine-textile and garment-making experience, so they know what they are doing), and the company can afford to run the bike-wear division at a lower profit margin than if it only made bike-wear.  This is why GBW shorts are comparable in performance to Assos, at lower price, but are superior to similarly priced shorts made by other companies that only make bikewear, in my personal experience. If you ride 60 mi/week, just about anything works.  For 60 mi/day, you discover that just about anything does not work.
B003VYAVGA|4.0|Initial reports of Robbie Williams rejoining Take That, the boyband he left in 1995, were puzzling at first. Why would a superstar who was famous for singing rather sophisticated music suddenly rejoin a band known primarily for bubblegum pop? Granted, the more recent Take That albums had ventured into an adult-contemporary sound, but they were still nowhere near Robbie's wide-ranging style and bravado. A listen to \\"Progress\\" puts these doubts to rest.<br /><br />By hiring electro producer Stuart Price, and by showcasing each band member as a full-fledged songwriter, Take That have made an album that is light-years beyond their boyband past. The return of Robbie Williams looks to be mutually beneficial, both to the group and Rob himself. Freed from carrying the spotlight alone, he mixes quite well with the lads and although his presence is palpable on some tracks, for others he seems content to remain in the background.<br /><br />Gary Barlow only sings lead on the gorgeous \\"Eight Letters\\" (and intermittedly on other tracks) but was reportedly quite heavily involved in the album's production, while Jason Orange, Howard Donald and Mark Owen each get their chance to shine during the record. Robbie opens the album with the trailer single \\"The Flood\\", sounding every bit the superstar and yet somehow also content to be back among the Take That fold.<br /><br />By issuing such a sophisticated, modern pop album, Take That have shown that they have not only made progress in their personal relationships with each other, but also have become a world-class pop act. This is a shrewd move, and a welcome return.<br /><br />** UPDATE (Jan. 2011): Recent events indicate that the Robbie/Take That reunion may be temporary after all. Williams has been conspicuously absent from recent high-profile Take That events, and Gary Barlow has made public statements indicating that he sees Take That's future as a 4-piece band. Time will tell of course, and they would not be the first band to function with multiple personnel lineups, but in the meantime \\"Progress\\" stands as a best-of-2010 album and a great modern pop recording.<br /><br />*** UPDATE (Dec. 2011): It has been announced that Robbie has indeed left the band again, although this time on good terms after their very successful 2011 tour. It will be interesting to see how his next solo album sounds, and how the remaining members of Take That carry on once again as a four-piece. One hopes that all five continue the excellent creative and musical direction presented on \\"Progress.\\", but in the meantime \\"Progress\\" stands as a best-of-2010 album and a great modern pop recording.  *** UPDATE (Dec. 2011): It has been announced that Robbie has indeed left the band again, although this time on good terms after their very successful 2011 tour. It will be interesting to see how his next solo album sounds, and how the remaining members of Take That carry on once again as a four-piece. One hopes that all five continue the excellent creative and musical direction presented on \\"Progress.\\"
B003Z420NI|3.0|The music, to this amatuer's ear, is well executed and pleasing to listen to. The notes vary from modestly informative to obscure in the extreme (again, to an amatuer - which is where I take the mass of the market to be). This is probably an over ambitious project if the notes are meant to be informative. The use of technical jargon and obscure (to me) allusions I found frustrating. Moreover, 10 discs of music are probably not adequate to the task set out by the title.    Tom Powers
B000HEWEJO|5.0|\\"It's A Wonderful Life\\"  was released in 1946 and has played on TV almost as long.  It is an annual Christmas watch for me, along with \\"Scrooge\\" to absorb the Season's Spirit.  Overall it has a kind and generous message, although you sometimes feel it is corny, it works.  The main character, George Bailey, is played by Jimmy Stewart .  George has a problem at the bank he manages.  The examiners are there and $8,000 is missing.  A greedy, mean-spirited bank president finds the $8,000 in cash and keeps it to make George's life miserable.  George has  serious problems and contemplates suicide and drives his old car to a  lonely snowy spot on the town's bridge.  His guardian angel  \\"Clarence\\" played by Henry Travers appears and jumps in before George!  George jumps to rescue him and they end up drying clothes in a small shack together.  George wishes he had never been born and his wish comes true.  Clarence gives him the wish, and tours George through the town as it would have been without him.  It shows how George sacrificed his education for his brother's (who becomes a war hero), he kept the savings and loan going for his family, and  protected the small town from the avarice and greed of Mr. Potter.  George also married his beautiful childhood sweetheart (Donna Reed).  If none of this had happened, the town would have hit bottom and lives would have been wasted.  George saw what might have been and learned his life was important.  In the end, the town came together with plenty of money to save the Savings and Loan and his reputation.  The only \\"open-ended\\" item was why Mr. Potter never gave the stolen  $8,000 back to the bank he ran.
0439023521|5.0|How is it that I have just started reading this book? I picked it up a while ago, but kept putting it off. It was such a great read that I think I will buy the boxed set and figure out what to do with my copy of The Hunger Games.    The thing that really got me was seeing the difference in the living conditions between the rich and the poor. Also, the fact they the country was split up into industries and each section pretty much did only one thing - and all for the good of the Capital. How frustrating it must have been for the kids to see everything they will never have just before going in to fight for their lives. The idea of holding an annual battle between children/teens for all to see is disturbing - it's like having a more fierce and deadly version of Survivor involving kids. This dystopian novel really makes you think about how the powerful could crush everything you hold dear and force everyone to bend at their will just to survive.    Katniss is absolutely my favourite heroine this year! Even before being chosen for the Hunger Games she was showing such strength and bravery by hunting for food for her family even though it is banned. She is so strong willed and just so real. Her emotions are all over the place during this book and I think that shows she is really just a girl thrown into a terrible world while trying to make the best of her situation. The idea of The Hunger Games makes you actually feel for her even more. Who puts children into such a place to fight to the death? You get attached to Katniss right away because it's unbearable to think of her dying.    Peeta is probably my most favourite hopeless romantic ever. No matter the situation he continues to love Katniss with his whole being, even when she is completely oblivious to it. He would do anything for her and for them to be both tossed into the Games is probably the worst situation ever - to have to knowingly kill your love interest because it means winning and be able to go home. They werethe star crossed lovers like Romeo and Juliet, but with the major twist of imminent death hanging over their heads.    My two favourite parts in the book that show Katniss' more feminine side are when she sings to little Rue out in the Games - she is so tender and caring with her. And the other is her realization that she is stuck emotionally in a love triangle that she never saw coming - her best friend Gale and the baker's son and fellow competitor Peeta.    I absolutely cannot wait to read Catching Fire and Mockingjay. I must pick up the boxed set after Christmas and get reading! So with that thought in mind... I think I am going to have a giveaway for my paperback copy of The Hunger Games! Keep your eyes peeled for the contest - it should be up in a day or two.
B000NVIXFK|4.0|Believe it or not, Rush's[[ASIN:B00028HBIY Feedback]] became my favorite of theirs next to most fans favorite,[[ASIN:B000001ESP Moving Pictures]] After years of progressive and synth phases, it was fascinating to hear this massively capable band play straightforward rock and roll.<br /><br />This, their first album after Feedback, is not the band playing blues based classic rock. But Snakes and Arrows contains some of Rush's best, chunkiest, concise and punchy song writing. Listen to the growling grind of \\"Working Them Angels,\\" or \\"Spindrift,\\" which some say invokes King Crimson's [[ASIN:B002GYVRRI Red]].<br /><br />Now don't get me wrong. This is a modern album and a modern Rush album. There is clean digital production, and complex corner turns and back detours  in the writing, indelibly the Rush we all know and love.<br /><br />But somewhere out of the epics of the 1970s like [[ASIN:B000001ESF 2112]], the synth/guitar amazement of Moving Pictures, the 1980s underrated new wave metal of, say, [[ASIN:B000001ESV Grace Under Pressure]], Rush have found a taunt yet complex way of playing hard rock. Sankes And Arrows is not about epic flash, or shorter tracks. But the rock is hard and detailed and perfected. If anything, Rush are far more brilliant than  in the 1970s, as they are now able to make the complications we relish more subtle, like little hyper chargers to each song.<br /><br />Some will mourn the loss of 1970s Rush and still unjustly curse the inventive 1980s material.<br /><br />But who cares how you classify Snakes And Arrows. This is everything we love about Rush, and for here and now, it is all we can ever want
B0037KMHRY|5.0|I'm a long time Tron fan, (Since 1982) and I remember how much I feel in love with the score by Wendy Carlos. Now fast forward to 2010. Tron:Legacy is finally coming. This time with a score by Daft Punk. When I first heard this cd 2 weeks before it came out, I was actually amazed on the whole cd. I was being a kid trying to think of what the scenes would look like in my head while hearing all these wonderful tracks. I appreciate what Daft Punk did here. They went to a different route on making some great music. I'm glad they got to try something new, especially with the London Orchestra. They really made some great \\"magic\\" with this OST. Thanks again DP, for another great album! Adagio for Tron is really amazing BTW!
B001FB55HQ|1.0|Okay so after ordering this item I googled this company (InetVideo) that was sending it to me and I found that these guys are from Canada. I felt jipped because I thought I was ordering from New York or from the East Coast. It's been a while since I received this item so I am writing this review a bit late. All I can remember was that they took foreverrrrrrrrrrrrrrr to ship the item, and then when I opened the package that looked like it was supposed to be for shipping animal products 'cause it said something about animal product packaging. This envelope had no bubble wrap or anything to protect my movie. The movie itself is great and I loved it but the case for the DVD is not like the Terminator 3 DVD that I purchased within the same week off Amazon. This thing is flimsy and I was extremely aggravated. Like you get what you pay for but there are items that you pay like $0.01 for and shipping is $2.98 and the product is great! Honestly stay away. Go get the DVD from another company because InetVideo SUCKS! I don't like writing bad reviews but these guys deserved it. I spent $7.81 and got the movie late, risked the possibility of damage to the DVD due to the carelessness of the company to package it with consideration and I have to go buy a new DVD case because it's weak and I don't want anything to happen to the DVD. Seriously, go spend your $7.00 on a burger from In and Out or something. Don't give them your money.
0679759328|3.0|Edith Hope, a moderately successful romance novelist and the mistress of David, is banished by her friends to the Hotel Du Lac, after deciding, on the day of the wedding, not to marry the momma's-boy Geoffrey. There, she meets and interacts with the elderly Mrs. Pusey and her childish and devoted daughter Jennifer, the elegant Monica, the deaf and wobbling Madame Bonneuil, and the wealthy and selfish Philip Neville. Through their company, Edith primarily addresses two questions: What kind of behavior most becomes a woman? What role should love have in a woman's life once she reaches a certain age?<br /><br />HOTEL DU LAC is certainly a well written novel with the articulate Brookner clearly establishing all her female characters. But Philip Neville? I suppose it's not a spoiler to disclose that the coldly philosophical Neville only seems real in his relations with Jennifer.<br /><br />HDL is a highly intelligent romance novel, albeit with an impossibly frail and mousey protagonist, who is, several times, described as looking like Virginia Wolfe. This novel is probably a guilty pleasure for smart and educated women but not much fun for guys like me, who prefer genre books featuring tough dames and crooked cops or brilliant soldiers outfoxing their ruthless and implacable enemies.<br /><br />Rounded down to three stars.
B00433TO52|2.0|Having just downloaded my copy, I eagerly searched for some favorite quotes. Going straight to \\"but man, proud man....\\" in Measure for Measure, the fact that \\"spleens\\" had become \\"speens\\", ruined my enjoyment completely. In view of the material at hand, I would have expected a little more care to have gone into the final proofing of the text. Instead of risking more of the same, I think I'll just forget about the 3.99 and get a different version.
B00168OIOE|5.0|For the price  is an excelent package. The movie is in excelent conditions and we love it. Thank you, the service was fast and beyond our expectations.
B00139W3NE|3.0|The translation from book to movie began fine, but was lost near the middle to the end. I found the audio book performance much more exciting. Of course the book is usually better. Well, in this case, that still applies. If you want to add more sparkle to your reading experience, add the audio book.     Oh, the performance by the actors was fine, but the story was lost. And Iorek Byrnison is never fully explained here, in the movie. If I had not read the book, I would not have understood his presence in the movie or his purpose. Actually, the same holds true for other characters as well, including Lord Asriel.
B00275EGWY|2.0|I agree with a lot of the reviews on this movie. I'm a war movie buff and it's not all about the shoot em up...bang-bang...bombs all of the time but at least it could've had a good plot and story line. This movie lacked in all areas and I actually feel asleep after watching it for about an hour, which I hardly ever fall asleep when I'm really in to a movie.   This movie just didn't cut it for me and I wish that I  wouldn't have spent my money on this and spent it on another movie that I put back to get this one. Maybe I'll try to watch it again to see if there was something that I missed but if it was good I would have caught it when I first watched it.   There are also a lot of good reviews from people who liked the movie. Personally I would not reccommend this movie to anyone.
1439152780|5.0|This was the first Kate Morton book I read and I will be sure to read all her books.  Her writting is subtle, but rich in description and the chacarters are well described, you can almost see them. Yet the story is written in such a way that it is not predictable and a collection of coincidences and small details come together to form the big picture. The more I read of it, the more I wished that the story did not end. It is a great story, especially if you are looking to be surprised and the whole story is set out like a web so that pieces and bits fit together and come together slowly, forming a subtle suspense that will make you want to cling to the book until the very end. The way the author goes back and forth with the dates and carachters is also a refreshing touch. Written skillfully, you wont be able to take your hands off it and youll go looking for more pages even as the story comes to an end.
B0032JQ6QI|5.0|This is, without a doubt, one of cinema's finest productions.  This movie is immaculately directed, and there is constant suspense and intrigue, despite pretty much the whole movie taking place in one room.  If you've seen Disturbia, then check this out- this is the original Disturbia. This is the movie that came first, and it's what Disturbia is based on. This is a classic, pure and simple. It's got a great plot, great cast (Jimmy Stewart and Grace Kelly? I'm in!), and one of Hollywood's best directors, Alfred Hitchcock.  SEE THIS MOVIE. That's the best I can do. See it, and watch the magic of Hitch unfold. And don't forget to look for him! He always shows up somewhere in his films.
1589946634|3.0|Complicated rules and a somewhat slow pace keep this from being a good game. After a few more tries, I've noticed that the replay-ability is lacking and there is no flexibility in the tactics.  The art is good, but some it of we have seen before in other products. Stick with the other board version for more fun.
B00454U1NS|4.0|This cd was a perfect mix of her most popular songs... I love the two new ones, but I wish there had been a few more songs added to it. I think she is a very talented artist and this cd didnt show her true range. This cd just had her most popular songs, but I kinda wish it had included some of her lesser-known songs. I think that some of her most inventive and amazing songs never got airplay and the people who are new to her would have enjoyed them.
B00005OWIU|5.0|Harry Potter and the Sorceror's Stone Soundtrack merits a 5-star rating. From the thrilling quidditch match to the merry Christmas music to the theme tune to the forboding chess music, the soundtrack leaves you listening intently. You'll find yourself humming many of the tunes, after listening to it!
B003Y8YXFS|5.0|\\"Imagine\\", by John Lennon, is the crown jewel of his solo recording career.  Released 40 years ago, it still stands as his best and most popular album ever.  The title track is to this day,  an anthem for peace, and remains a classic rock radio staple.  The album is filled with quality musicianship and songwriting.  The song \\"How Do You Sleep\\", is an obvious attack on Paul McCartney, and the fact that George Harrison appears on the song, playing some of the most stinging solo guitar of his career, speaks volumes about the relationship between Paul, and the other Beatles during that time period.  \\"Jealous Guy\\", is an apologetic ballad, that hits the listener to the core, and was later remade into a hit record by Bryan Ferry and Roxy Music.  The song \\"Gimme Some Truth\\", is an all out attack on politicians and the government.  The haunting \\"I Don't Want To Be A Soldier\\", is a Vietnam era anti-war song that effectively takes the listener to the plight of the draftee, and pending death.  Strong stuff indeed.  \\"Oh Yoko\\", is a fun catchy pop tune, that pays homage to his wife, that actually works as an answer to those who basically trashed her for being Mrs John Lennon.  Along with George Harrison's \\"All Things Must Pass\\", I believe John Lennon's \\"Imagine\\", are the two greatest solo Beatle recordings ever made.
0131103628|4.0|Whether of not this book will work for you will depend on your background and what you want from it. As the Preface to the First Edition says: \\"... C was originally designed for and implemented on the UNIX operating system on the DEC-PDP-11 by Dennis Ritchie\\". But that's not the only reason that the book is considered \\"the classic\\" treatment of the C language. How often do you get a definitive treatment of a language by the folks who designed it? (And yes, I am aware of the Stroustrup/C++ connection). I had a well-used copy of the original edition on my bookshelf for years.    But, while it may be definitive, it is not the best reference or language tutorial for non-programmers, or maybe even for programmers coming from other languages, who want to learn C.  For that, try Stephan Kochan's \\"Programming in C\\". And Sam Harbison's \\"C, A Reference Manual\\" is where I start looking for nit-picky points of using the language.
B00427X9WI|2.0|This tedious and boring chick flick is essentially the story of a self indulgent rich woman who decides to take a year's vacation abroad. Beautifully filmed, otherwise I'd give it one star. I hope the book was better, it has to be.
B004FYGYO8|5.0|definitely my favorite episode of the season so far....  i'd comment on it, but i don't wanna spoil any of the storyline.  i will say this though, the secondary heroes' designs look much better.  notably hawkman and black canary.  [ie the realistic wings and the longer hair]  i can't wait to see how they'll wrap it up.
B0043RT8JU|5.0|This book was the first one I read from author John Green and I had to immediately order all his books! Even if it's YA Lit, it has a great narrative and is a very easy read. He manages vocabulary with such simplicity and finesse, one can get into the story and see it come to life. The mind of a teenage boy is portrayed comically yet eloquently enough for all of us to remember those good old days.
1439133948|5.0|It is a series, so don't start here, unless you enjoy doing that to yourself. If you like the series, then you will love it, so just read it.
B0019UGYK0|5.0|I hope, even when we have a much more equitable society than we do now, we still have \\"free spirits\\" like Cool Hand Luke (played, and played well with just enough 1960s sneer and `devil take the hinter post' bravado by the late Paul Newman). No, not the hard- scrabble, mad mother-loved, growing up kid part, not the wise, too wise, before his age part that made him cynical, not the world-weary and world- wary before his time part but the crafty, fidgety, authority can go to hell part. That is a trait, as this film makes abundantly clear, no well-valued in current bourgeois society interested as it in the well-oiled machine, and a sullen by-the-numbers mass of humanity.    Of course, as the story line here unfolds, \\"free spirit\\"-types take more than their share of beatings in life, and no where is that more true than in a prison. And given old Luke's brand of free spirit (and edginess) he was bound to wind up in prison, sooner or later, no matter how \\"street smart\\" he was, or brave in military service. However, nothing in his resume would make one think that even in prison, a notorious Southern work camp prison to boot, that old Luke would knuckle under. Something has to give. Throw in a sadistic warden (played by Strother Martin of the famous line used in the headline to this entry), some love/hate camaraderie with fellow inmates, especially \\"big lug\\" Oscar-winner George Kennedy and you have a volatile mix. Old Luke will keep running that rock up the mountain but you know in your bones, deep in your bones, that rock is coming back down one more time than it is going up. And right over him. Yet Luke still keeps doing it. Here's one tip of the hat for the \\"free spirits\\" though.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|This book is apparently for people 12 and older but i think the only bad part is just the idea that teens are killing each other. There is nothing bad about it other than that if ur sensitive about what your reading. I found out about this book at camp when my cabin-mates started a 2 hour conversation on how awesome it was. When i did finally get my hands on a copy i immediatly understood the slight(more than that) obsession. its the kind of book that makes u ask questions and day dream about at school.
B001VLXNLU|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed house of night. I am a huge twilight, and vampire in general fan. This is a new type of writing, with new typs of vampires. The main character at times can be very immature, but consider her age. Shes only 17. 17 year old girls happen to be a pain in the ass, I would know. I was one a few years ago. If you like vampires, and like change between every authors rendition of them, pick this series up and give it a go.
B003YFIUW8|5.0|ROOM is creepy in the first few pages. Then it sucked me in. The author has amazing skill that reveals teeny bits of information every page to let you see what is in the ROOM. Narrated by a charming 5 year old. My heart and mind have been transformed by this book and I recommend it to everyone I know. Haunting, yet Perfect. Could not put it down even when the clock said 2 AM !!!!
B002ZG981E|5.0|I watched the movie in theaters twice because I loved it, and I preordered the Blueray which I just watched last night. Even after the third viewing and knowing the entire movie and probably most of the lines, I was still completely drawn in and could not help feeling the power of the story and the emotions. If you like the Matrix, you will very likely love this movie. Besides the mind-boggling layers of dreams, the story also progresses along a very personal and emotional journey, one that is ultimately driven by love. The soundtrack of the move is brilliant and probably one of my favorites, so make sure to turn up the volume of your surround sound system.  Now, open your mind, open your heart, and let the dreams begin.
B003PIUC02|5.0|Over the top violence, over the top sex, CGI blood galore, and lots of nudity.  I should have hated this show, after all, I am a lady. But I loved it.  Initially, I thought that it was paced too slowly.  I was incorrect.  The pacing is deliberate   There's not a tidy wrap up at the end of each episode.    About halfway through the series, the pieces begin to fall into place.  You begin to believe how Spartucus could become the leader of this group of men.  I would like to add that I am still disturbed by some \\"things in the pit.\\"  John Hannah, known for the Mummy movies, should have received recognition for his fine performance.  Lucy Lawless also was quite believable.  The surprise and delight for me was the development of the character of Crixus.  I won't elaborate so as to not offer any spoilers.  The finale for season 1 is beyond anything that could be described.  It is bar none, one of the best I have ever seen. I have watched it more than 10 times.  I had low expectations for this series.  I am so happy that I gave it a chance and stuck with it to the end.
B000001FQQ|2.0|I was a big Kiss fan before this but this was just about the end of the road. So many mediocre filler songs and few highlights. The album cover was no better either. Very disappointing all around. For true hardcore fans only.
B003X2O6KW|5.0|No other artist has put more emotion, creativity, and soul into an album like Kanye West did with what is arguably his magnum opus. My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy is a 70-minute sonic landscape of braggadocio, intellect, raw emotion, fear, sadness, boastfulness, pride, lust, temptation, and sincerity. Kanye West is a master at his craft, and whether people want to recognize that or not, that is undeniable.
B001M5UDGS|5.0|I can only echo what other reviewers have said about this, it's quirky, charming, clever, amazing, original and oozing talent. I streamed it but may buy the DVD just for the extra features. One of NPH's best performances!
B0015DROBO|4.0|It is low to start out with.  I actually put it down and had to talk myself into reading the first few chapters.  But once the action starts you kep wanting more and the turn of events keep you on your toes. I loved it!!!!
0374158460|2.0|This book is the literary equivalent of The Real Housewives of ...... It's written for voyeurs of the mundane. You get to know people in the raw, their private and sometimes disgusting thoughts and actions that they would never disclose to outsiders. The dialogue, though a bit dull, is realistic, but the behavior of the characters often is not. There is not much of a story, virtually no suspense, and little knowledge imparted. The sentimental ending leaves one with a better feeling about the book than is deserved based on the tedium of the previous 550 pages. The good news is that the dialogue and plot are so simple that it's a very quick read.
B0017KIBAI|5.0|We have had a Gamecube game system for several years, and occasionally the controllers wear out.  We have tried some game controllers that are \\"compatible\\" with the Gamecube system, but they never seem like the real thing.  So, this time when it was time to get a couple of additional controllers I went with the brand-name Official Nintendo Classic Gamecube/Wii controllers.  What a difference.<br /><br />If you buy these controllers will you be more popular, better looking, etc.?  Well...probably not, at least not for MOST people, but you could get lucky!  What you will get, though, is quality controllers that interface with the Gamecube or Wii system perfectly, feel normal in your hands, and react that way Gamecube controllers are supposed to react.  Plus, these controllers come with cords that are longer than the original controllers' cords, so you can sit farther back from the screen and enjoy the action better, especially if you own a large-screen TV.<br /><br />We are completely satisfied with these and recommend them highly.<br /><br />5 stars for great Gamecube/Wii action.
B003JV6UYM|4.0|Wev are big disney fan's,there merchindise is a little price sometimes,but i dont mind when it's quality and this doll is. My daughter play's with it all the time and it take's a beating with no problem's so far. A nice doll for the money
B0040JHXTI|5.0|Much has already been written about how great this package is and I agree completely. I'd just like to add that the Houston '78 Bootleg: House Cut concert that is included in this package is, all by itself, worth the price of admission. This is a Springsteen not seen in decades. The vibrant,youthful & positive energy that is rock 'n' roll comes alive in this performance in Houston,Texas 1978. This footage reminds us why Bruce is Bruce!
0374290024|5.0|One of the best non-fiction books I have read in years. It is more history than archeology and contains so many interesting facts that his conclusions were secondary for me. I recommend it for an enjoyable trip through world history.  Morris explains the importance of historical events like the influence of nomadic tribes of the steppes on the social development of both the east and west. His writing style is engaging and not overly technical and should have broad appeal among recreational readers.
0142000671|5.0|I don't really want to add to the abundant thorough reviews of this classic 1936 work by Steinbeck, but do want to say that if you are here reading this review you must have interest in this book. Order it! Just look at how many love the story - it would e hard to go wrong. If for some reason you don't enjoy it, the book is such a classic you will have something wonderful to discuss - your critique on the book.<br /><br />I'd imagine you will simply enjoy this.
B004DC2WF2|5.0|Good series. You must have seen the first episode to understand what it is about. Too bad there are only 6 episodes. It is what it is, and if you are a zombie fan you will probably like it, otherwise ....
