B000N3AWDE|3.0|I still like her in English better as the songs written for her there seem to be more vocally dynamic but this is also a good buy if you get it for cheap.  Fun to listen to.
B0039OGGVQ|4.0|Good mix of songs, great song writing.  I like that he's not trying to \\"show off\\" his guitar skills and is rather focused on putting together a set list that sound mature and offers a good variety.  If you're looking for another Guns-n-Roses you'll need to move on.  Beautiful Dangerous (feat. Fergie) and By the Sword (feat. Andrew Stockdale) both kick ass!
1435248244|5.0|Really good book! Slow to start, but picks up about a 3rd of the way.
B002YJUC8A|4.0|A very entertaining look at behind the scenes of the chef and restaurant world. I'm not sure if this guy is that good of a cook, but he definitely has writing talent. His brutal comedy and wit is not for the tame minded. The only criticism I would have is that the subject matter seems to jump around a bit. It's hard to know if the book is an autobiography or a realism lecture on the world of chefs and food preparation. Maybe he intended it that way. But it felt more like he added some chapters just so the book would be long enough for major publication. Even so, I thoroughly enjoyed it and would highly recommend it.
B003FMTZOM|2.0|I purchased the album today because I have been a huge fan since day one and I have always thought of her to be my favorite artist.  However, I am really disappointed with this it.  I listened to it in full about a week ago online, and was not impressed, but I could not help but buy the CD because I am a fan.  With another listen today of the actual album, nothing has changed.  I am hoping that the songs grow on me, but unfortunately I don't think its likely.      Like others have said, she has a natural talent that is just completely covered with crap synthesizers.  I don't want to listen to a machine, I want to listen to her!!! Also, I found myself laughing at times at some of the lyrics because they are just so ridiculous, stupid, and immature on some of the songs.  (ex Vanity, Woo Hoo and I Hate Boys)  The song \\"woo hoo\\" could be ok, but I really can't stand the lyrics like \\"licky licky yum yum\\".  And on the Deluxe edition \\"Bobblehead\\" \\"wah wah wah wah wah\\"...I'm sorry is this a Kesha CD?  (PS there's an example of no talent) I feel like she is SO much better than this album.  Her lyrics are stupid and the songs are overproduced.  Other than that, there is not much left.  Her voice is great, I think she has established that by now, but you can't hear it except for on the ballads.  Hopefully she pulls a Kelly Clarkson after whatever that December CD was and quickly comes out with something better, because this is very sub par :(    I want to still be a fan, but she is slowly losing me...
0553573411|5.0|This is book two of the Farseer Trilogy. After I read the first book (Assassins Apprentice) I hungrily jumped on this book and I was not disappointed. This is a fantastic series and I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book as much as the first. I have a habit of reading too fast or skipping sentences or paragraphs if I feel a book is losing speed or interest but I was enthralled and read every word of both books.   These books do not neatly \\"clean\\" everything up - they are not happy ever after books, not that there aren't victories because there are but there is devastation and there is great sadness and loss.   I love the way it is written with a slant to it being an old language or old English, this adds to the book, there is some magic (almost like Merlin or wizard like) aspects to the books and that is the only thing that reminds me that this book is not an actual telling of history.  I highly recommend this series, but beware - it is very hard to put them down!
B0039UTDFG|4.0|This follow-up to Planet Earth from the BBC is absolutely spectacular and continues to keep audiences attracted to its content.  I will even go as far to say that it is better in some ways than its precursor.  We've all seen enough footage of big cats on the Serengeti and Africa in the dry season.  While Planet Earth was amazing and offered more than just that, it was material that gets old watching again and again.  'Life' offers a four-disc set with a wide array of material as Oprah Winfrey takes the helm as narrator.<br /><br />While I prefer David Attenborough in this role, Oprah does quite a good job.  There has been a lot of banter on the reviews here criticizing her work.  There is nothing wrong with it.  I will admit, I was not crazy about the idea of her narrating at first.  However, after a few minutes into the program, I was almost instantly drawn in.  If you want an example of a bad celebrity narrator, refer to one of the oceanic Imax discs with Jim Carrey doing the talking.  In the end, the video quality is amazing and easily reference-quality Blu-ray material.  The sound is good, but some more work from the rear channels would have been appreciated.
B00005NGZX|5.0|I first came across Converge when I fell in love with math metal through SikTh and The Dillinger Escape Plan. My search for more of the genre's titans led me to Botch's \\"We Are The Romans\\" and Converge's \\"Jane Doe\\".    My initial thoughts of Jane Doe were, \\"Hmm, vocals are strange, but interesting band,\\" but I soon began blasting it out in my room as a gymming motivator, and it was during this stage that the album soared to heights that I never could have predicted, turning me from a meek pacifist to a rabid, flailing madman in its aural presence. Nowadays I spend more time thrashing about, kicking and punching the air, throwing my head at imaginary brick walls, than actual weight training if I blast out Jane Doe during my home gym session.    This album is extraordinary. An utterly relentless and frenetic assault of pure energy. Jacob Bannon's screams personify insanity, and they always possess me into screaming back his unintelligible words, throat dying of pain after the album's over.     This is an album I lose myself in. In the end, isn't that what matters?
0545123275|4.0|I've had Shiver for a while, but I put off reading it for a couple of reasons: I had read a rather negative review by someone whose taste is generally in accordance with mine and I had read another book by Stiefvater (Lament) and I really didn't like it. But this book sounded so good, I decided to give Stiefvater another chance. I'm glad I did.    Shiver is light years ahead of Lament. It's the story of a girl named Grace who survived an attack by wolves when she was a child. Since then, she's been fixated on the yellow-eyed who saved her and has watched over her ever since. It turns out the wolf is actually a werewolf, and when he takes human form, he's a yellow-eyed boy named Sam.    Sam and Grace fall in love, and unlike so many YA novels, I found the romance believable. Sam and Grace have a deep connection dating back to the attack on Grace, and the relationship never feels forced.     The werewolf mythology that Stiefvater builds is really interesting, and the explanation of how and why the werewolves change form was plausible. There were some plot points that I thought could have been better explained, but I'm hopeful they'll be explored in the next book.     I did have some issues with the book. I'm used to absentee parents in YA (it's often a convenient plot device), but Grace's parents seemed criminally negligent. Do they never enter their only child's room? The \\"cure\\" subplot didn't make much sense. The supporting characters all felt underdeveloped. Beck and Isabel seem to have potential, but Jack and Olivia were flat and uninteresting. Given what happens toward the end of the book, I would have liked to have known a bit more about them.     These are fairly minor quibbles, and I'm looking forward to the next book in the series, Linger.
B000W8OM5Y|1.0|Seriously this one of my all time favorite films and when I watched the version I realized that it was shorter than the original braveheart becuase they cut out a few scenes. I don't care for this version one bit. I don't get why film makers, editors or whomever is in charge do this sorta thing? Stop screwing with perfection! Improve the color! Improve the audio! but don't screw with the film. This sorta thing has gotten out of hand with also films like night of the living dead 30th edition and other great classic films which people have loved for ages and was worth owning.
0440241901|4.0|Okay, so Can You Keep a Secret isn't the best book on the planet. It's not even the best chick-lit book I've ever read. However, as someone who has just finished finals (they suck the life and soul out of you), I decided to treat myself to a cute and fluffy chick-lit. Can You Keep a Secret? wasn't ground-breaking, but it was extremely entertaining.<br /><br />This is what I like about chick-lit: it's funny, it's cute, and it's fluffy. Sure, they're wholly forgettable (so much that right now I can't even recall the main character's name) and most of the time they all seem to run together, but guilty pleasures and candy reads are good for the soul and great in moderation. Can You Keep a Secret had all the characteristics a good chick-lit needs and it made me forget about how stressed I've been this past semester and relaxed me somewhat.<br /><br />Can You Keep a Secret was a hilarious chick-lit. This is coming from someone who could never get into Brit chick-lit. Don't ask me why, but everytime I've tried to read a Brit chick-lit, I end up being really bored. But Can You Keep a Secret entertained me from beginning to end. Sure the main character was mildly pathetic (even more so than most chick-lits) and most of the time I kept thinking, \\"Grow a backbone!\\", I still found her mildly endearing.<br /><br />However, I absolutely loved her friends (whose names also escape me). I always end up liking the supporting characters more than the actual main characters when it comes to chick-lit. I absolutely loved the bitchy, fashionable roommate. Okay, she was a major bitch and a complete snob, but she was a good friend. Plus her whole \\"Mummy says that's the way to get a rock on your finger\\" and the \\"Well, they shouldn't have messed with Mummy\\" response to the horrible things her mother did to numerous men was just hilarious.<br /><br />Anyway, so Can You Keep a Secret won't win any awards and it definitely wasn't the best thing ever written. However, it served it's purpose to keep me entertained and keep me laughing out loud. It was just what I needed at the time and it gave me a break from all that thinking I usually do when reading heavier booksme laughing out loud. It was just what I needed at the time and it gave me a break from all that thinking I usually do when reading heavier books
B0031RAOVY|5.0|I have never even considered writing a review on a movie before.  I love movies and in a wide variety and have about 100 favorites.  However, this movie is different.  Forget all the stuff about who acted better than who and who was best in supporting roles, etc.  The bottom line here - with me - is the total love and devotion that the dog had.  How that dog must have suffered for the wanting of his master who would never return.  Not for one minute do I believe that he hung out at the station for the treats he got from the vendors and other people that were there.  He could have had all of that by staying with the(Gere's)daughter.  There are people that love this deeply, why can't a dog?  Even though the actual event happened approx. 85 years ago, it feels fresh, sincere, and totally believable. I had more than a few tears.  I cried a river; but surprisingly enough it didn't turn out to be a depressing movie as I thought it might be. I just feel so bad for the years Hachi spent pining away. I loved this movie.
0142410373|4.0|Matilda was (and still is) one of my favorite childhood movies. I remember going to watch it in theaters when it came out and watched it endlessly when it came out in VHS. So, when I found this book at my thrift store for a dollar, I absolutely had to pick it up.<br /><br />Matilda was just an amusing, captivating read. At once, you have a heroine you can root for and just love to pieces because she's so unique. As I was reading, I kept picturing the parts happening in the book as they were in the movie. (For example, the part where one of Matilda's classmates are singing the 'difficulty' poem and Trunchbull yells \\"Why are all these women married?!\\" That's seriously my favorite part of the movie and this part of the book had me in stitches, too.) The book was not only cute, but it was pretty funny. Some parts had me chuckling a little, but most parts had me laughing out loud.<br /><br />Even though I enjoyed this book immensely, I still have to say that I love the movie a little bit more. I think it's mostly a nostalgia thing. I just loved all the actors who portrayed the characters in the movie. I also loved movie\\"Miss Honey\\" more than book\\"Miss Honey\\" and I sympathized more with movie\\"Matilda\\" than with book\\"Matilda\\".<br /><br />All of that being said, Matilda is still a keeper on my shelf. I think this is one book that I'm going to find myself re-reading for comfort (just as I rewatch the movie) and on those rainy days when you just want to read something familiar. I definitely can't wait until my sister's a little bit older so that she can read Matilda. I definitely recommend this book to children and adults (especially if those adults have kids...). It's really an enjoyable read for all ages.
B001OQCV2E|3.0|I hadn't really followed the reviews and only got around to watching this movie now, in mid-2010.    I wasn't prepared for what I guess is a new genre: Comedy-Disaster. Or maybe that's what this one is, and the genre the director was shooting for is Disaster-Comedy.    The formula of \\"divorced-family-complications and kids not relating to dad so well\\" is obviously ripped in total from every Steven Spielberg movie ever made (except Schindler's List).    I kept saying to myself, \\"This is like that remake of Godzilla. I'm supposed to laugh here as the President and the White House are crushed by a tidal wave slamming down a US aircraft carrier on them.\\"    Now I've done a bit of surfing on Amazon, and I get it with the listing of Roland Emmerich's films.    So, ok, if that is the bar we're aiming for, then fine, it's a great CGI-fest with absolutely no thinking behind it.    Too bad though. At some point writing *will* catch up with CGI and we will have both amazing scenes AND involvement, tension, relief, etc.    Hey, Roland: no-one has done MechWarriors yet. But please, hire a scriptwriter for that one!
0671042858|4.0|I just finished The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon and have been wavering between giving it three stars or four stars. I ended up giving it four stars (even though in reality this book was more of a three and a half star book for me) because I felt that the good outweighed the bad.<br /><br />What absolutely made the book for me was the character of Trisha McFarland. If you don't care about the main character and what they are going through, then there's no way you're going to enjoy a book. As I was reading this, I found myself apprehensive about Trisha's fate. So much that I kept thinking, \\"If she doesn't make it, I'm going to be severely pissed off.\\" I was enthralled as I was reading about her deteriorating mental state and kept thinking how terrified I would be if I were in her situation at my current age, let alone at her age (I've always avoided going into the woods and this book really just pinpoints why). Stephen King excelled in making Trisha a character that just rings true.<br /><br />Even though throughout most of this book, I was feverishly turning the pages, there were some parts that lagged for me and because this was a relatively short book, the lagging parts were way more obvious. Another thing that bothered me was the inclusion of the beast. I think I would've liked the book more if the beast were just a figment of Trisha's imagination, just one of her hallucinations or if he just been representing an Angel of Death in her imagination.<br /><br />Anyway, even though the book had some shortcomings, I thought it was extremely good. I just found it heartwarming how Trisha would picture her favorite baseball player to try to get her through the tough time of being lost in the forest. I thought it was all very sweet. I've only read three Stephen King books so far and this one wasn't my favorite or my second favorite. But still, it was pretty damn good.
B0027BOL4G|5.0|If you ever were confused as to what food has become, this documentary is clearly worded, graphically accurate and concisely factual. We have a choice what we are eating, how we grow our food and whether it is sustainable to our planet and future generations all around the globe. We are a global community and this film demonstrates how intricately we are tied to what we do, what we grow and what we eat.
1416550550|4.0|I really have been debating as to whether to give The Forgotten Garden five stars or four stars. While the story was pretty great, I had to give it four stars just because I didn't feel that it was as amazing as The House at Riverton. But still four stars...pretty damn good.<br /><br />The House at Riverton was an amazing book. It stood alone in all its angsty glory. While The House at Riverton was more angsty and depressing (there really is no other way to describe it), The Forgotten Garden was more whimsical. The imagery of the gardens was beautiful and easy for me to imagine. It had me wanting to go to a park on a sunny day and just sit by beautiful flowers. Considering it was raining heavily most of the time that I was reading this, I decided to quelch my desires and stay indoors.<br /><br />The mystery of The Forgotten Garden was what kept me turning the pages. I really had to find out who Nell's real parents were. What exactly did Eliza Makepeace have to do with her kidnapping? Where, in fact, was Eliza Makepeace? There were just all these questions swirling around in my head as I was reading this. Just when I thought I had it all figured out, the story would throw me again and have me go \\"Wait, what?\\" But it wasn't that sort of \\"wait, what?\\" that would make you think \\"that makes absolutely no sense\\". Kate Morton's twists and turns actually make sense. They don't seem to be thrown in for the mere purpose of saying to the reader \\"HA! I bet you didn't see that coming!\\" (ahem, Jodi Picoult, I'm sorry but once is enough. Stop throwing in twists in all of your stories considering half the time it just pisses off the reader because it doesn't make sense). Instead the reader thinks \\"Hmmm, I can totally see that!\\"<br /><br />While the mystery was great, I felt that it was presented in a bit of an awkward way. The Forgotten Garden goes back and forth from 1913, 1975, and 2005. So, just when I was getting acquainted with the narrator of a particular time period, Morton would switch and then I would have to get acquainted with another narrator, to then have to get reacquainted when she shifted back. So, while it wasn't hard to follow, there was a mild case of motion sickness going on.<br /><br />While the back and forth and back and forth, and back and---you get the picture, did get a bit tiresome after a while, one thing that I loved was the inclusion of the fairy tales. While I liked some better than others, it did serve to give the book a more of a fantasy twist. Plus, the stories were a bit dark and macabre ala Brothers Grimm, so they were always interesting.<br /><br />In the end, I thought that The Forgotten Garden was a great read. It's just when I compare it to The House at Riverton does it seem to fall a tiny (teeny, weeny, eeny) bit short. While I loved the characters from The House at Riverton more, I thought that The Forgotten Garden was a bit more uplifting. While The House at Riverton had me crying and shrieking \\"Will the world ever right itself?\\" (yes I'm a tad bit dramatic), The Forgotten Garden had me close up the book (or turn off the Kindle in this instance) with a smile on my face and think \\"Another great one.\\" So, it's a book I whole-heartedly recommend. And then if you have the time you can read The House at Riverton and marvel at Kate Morton's greatness. She's definitely become one of my favorite authors and I can't wait to see what she comes up with nextI would have to get acquainted with another narrator, to then have to get reacquainted when she shifted back. So, while it wasn't hard to follow, there was a mild case of motion sickness going on.     While the back and forth and back and forth, and back and---you get the picture, did get a bit tiresome after a while, one thing that I loved was the inclusion of the fairy tales. While I liked some better than others, it did serve to give the book a more of a fantasy twist. Plus, the stories were a bit dark and macabre ala Brothers Grimm, so they were always interesting.     In the end, I thought that The Forgotten Garden was a great read. It's just when I compare it to The House at Riverton does it seem to fall a tiny (teeny, weeny, eeny) bit short. While I loved the characters from The House at Riverton more, I thought that The Forgotten Garden was a bit more uplifting. While The House at Riverton had me crying and shrieking \\"Will the world ever right itself?\\" (yes I'm a tad bit dramatic), The Forgotten Garden had me close up the book (or turn off the Kindle in this instance) with a smile on my face and think \\"Another great one.\\" So, it's a book I whole-heartedly recommend. And then if you have the time you can read The House at Riverton and marvel at Kate Morton's greatness. She's definitely become one of my favorite authors and I can't wait to see what she comes up with next
0446563048|4.0|Tony Hsieh's Delivering Happiness does just that. But like anything that gives us pleasure in life some bad usually goes along with the good, e.g. cookies and cake = calories; French fries = calories & fat; traditional hot dogs = we won't even go there because I don't exactly know what animal parts means.     Getting into the good in Delivering Happiness took a little longer than I expected as Tony weaves his way through his `early years.' One thing I love about many contemporary business books is the often honest re-telling of the successful entrepreneur's life with all its blemishes. This gives us `ordinary' folk an understanding of how, and belief that anyone with determination and persistence really can succeed well beyond their origins, however humble.     My trouble with Tony's re-telling is that the road tends to be too self-indulgent as he portrays himself as self indulgent. But I think the trouble may lie in the fact that Tony tells us in the introduction that he didn't use or want a ghostwriter because he wanted the book to `sound' like he talked. That's commendable but we don't read like we listen. And to do it even partly to annoy your high school English teachers is a little, well, juvenile sounding. Or maybe I sound old and conservative (I'm neither).     That being said the book does Deliver Happiness as we learn what went on behind the scenes building a great company. Learning about all the challenges that Tony and his cohorts faced and overcame along the way is also inspiring and eye opening to anyone who see people like Tony as they are today and think, \\"It must have been so easy for him.\\"    Despite the few flaws, my opinion only, Delivering Happiness is a great addition to the growing library of books that really do inspire as they tell us stories about people who created successful, businesses with integrity and hard work.     Tony, Zappos, and the book are great contributions to the changing tide of business thought and discipline. Many, but not all businesses today and the entrepreneurs that operate them are more concerned about Delivering Happiness than they are about making money. And of course that's where the paradox lies. In Delivering Happiness they do make more money and build a solid long term future along the way. Thanks Tony, and good luck to you and the Zappos Culture crew.
142313494X|5.0|When I started this book, it was a bit of a bumpy ride. Although, I was fighting the stomach flu when I first started it. When I was better, I found myself enjoying it way more, which leads me to think that it was the flu that was dampering my enjoyment of the book.<br /><br />Anyway, The Lightning Thief was just amazing. I held off from reading it because I heard a couple of people say that it was just too juvenile for them. That was a mistake on my part. I was enthralled with Percy and his quest and kept turning the pages at a record speed. I also enjoyed the Greek Mythology. It was something I was bored with in middle school when we briefly studied it. Had the Percy Jackson series been introduced then, it would've cured my glazed eyes and mild drooling while studying the subject.<br /><br />There were a couple of aspects in The Lightning Thief that reminded me heavily of the Harry Potter series. It's practically impossible to write something on the Percy Jackson series and not mention Harry Potter. The influence is there. Normally, knock-offs would bother me, but the thing is that The Lightning Thief was just so great (as opposed to all the other Harry Potter knock-offs that were a bit on the terrible drivel side) that it didn't annoy me. Plus, it did have it's own original parts and it did them so well that I really couldn't complain.<br /><br />So, The Lightning Thief was an amazing novel. Sure, it's a lot like Harry Potter, yet not as awesome, but it's great in it's own way. My quest now is to try to not read the series one after the other. That's going to be difficult considering I own books 2, 3, and 4 (that reminds me I need to pick up Book 5).
B002VPE1AW|5.0|This movie is fantastic, great graphics...It arrived on time and in perfect condition..Excellent entertainment..
B003FMTZOM|3.0|I grew up in an a family that was moderately strict and vigilant of the Parental Advisory sticker and has learned to put up at least a yellow light at the sight of the sticker and I say you should look at common sense media before letting your tweens and teens buy this thing or you may hear some f-bombs or some stuff you may not want your kid saying or imitating.  This album could be a good test or maybe a limit to how explicit of music your child can or can't listen to.
B001FB5634|4.0|I liked this movie a lot, but found it disturbing as i watched it with my niece...who was quite affected by its realism. She asked me if I thought the world would look like this, citing the Mayan calendar and 2012 predictions....and I answered \\"yes\\" without hesitation....hmmmm?<br /><br />The director deserves kudos, as do the actors, but i found myself wanting to see more of Robert Duvall. Viggo Mortenson is more than believable as a father whose optimism fades with each grey day becoming darker. Protecting his child at all costs and moving towards hope is the primary theme and the landscape designers did an awesome job. Very believable...solar flare, volcanic eruptions, nuclear holocaust...the origin of the earth's wasteland is a mystery, but there are so many theories out there whose visual projections are in sync with popular theory. This movie is a great deal more realistic than the Mad Max series. Interesting comparisons... roving gangs, violence, absence of most species and chronic adrenaline rushes.<br /><br />The title says it all....the landscape is melancholy, the currency is food, and the motivation is traveling, moving onward. Other assets are transportation, shelter and of course, ammunition. Wonderful cinematography, a general sense of hopelessness with the wee bit of promise in the distance, just out of reach...but there nonetheless. Thumbs UP!
B0000019PA|5.0|I have to say that whereas I love Neutral Milk Hotel, I have a very strong connection to Athens, GA and the music out of Athens-Clarke County. Neutral Milk Hotel is a reflection of the emotionally-charged Jeff Mangum and his time spent in Athens.     I won't lie: I prefer On Avery Island. I remember these songs debuting at a coffee shop with just him and a guitar (which can now be found on Jeff Mangum - Live At Jittery Joe's), before this LP ever had a face. I remember these songs at the Atomic Music Hall in the late 90's, and it was brilliant.     What I don't like, however, is how NMH \\"fans\\" are just fans of THIS LP. There's a lot of bootleg stuff that exceeds the quality of this record. Invent Yourself A Shortcake, Hype City, Everything Is, and the Shannon Monroe House Demos volumes 1 and 2. Most of these songs were written before On Avery Island, and you can find them under different track names. \\"My Dreamgirl Don't Exist\\" and \\"She Did A Lot Of Acid\\" are essential NMH songs.     I have very good memories of this band. I'm glad \\"hipsters\\" (or whatever the hell they're called) enjoy this album, but please, do us Athenians a favor, don't spoil the soup. Listen to their other stuff, too. You'll probably like it. While you're at it, check out The Gerbils, The Olivia Tremor Control, The Apples In Stereo, Vic Chesnutt, R.E.M, Love Tractor, (older) Of Montreal, and The Music Tapes. Athens is so vibrant in music and this is just a very small sliver of a very large #7 at the Taco Stand.
1933308087|4.0|This book is beautifully presented and will be a great resource for my quilting projects.
0385504225|1.0|There is not a whole lot to say about this book because there wasn't anything new in it.  After this book, I will not buy another Dan Brown novel.  The formula for The Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons worked twice, so a third time must be charm.  Right? Wrong!  The formula:  (Robert Langdon/Tom Hanks + Beautiful Damsel in Distress whom he never lays + Previous professional contact/associate/professor of Langdon's in serious distress (or dead) and is related to the beautiful damsel who is also in distress - Bad Guy - Some official working against Langdon albeit unintentionally) and all that is divided by some secret cult = Bestseller for Dan Brown.    I am the type of person who feels obligated to read every word when I commit to a book because that's what I do, commit.  Some writers put their heart and soul into creating these stories and, therefore, deserve my attention.  This book was a snooze fest because as I previously said, it contained nothing new so I felt like I had already read it.  I sped read it just to get it over.  I wish I had just put the book down and stepped away.        I've heard it said that there are no new stories, but to simply write the same one over and over again is just laziness.    Ya bored me dude.
B00364K6YW|4.0|This is by far the best p&p adaptation ever!  It is my favorite movie and I watch it often.  If I was reviewing the movie itself, I would give it 100 stars as I think this movie is so well cast and the book is so well portrayed.  Jennifer Ehle and Colin Firth are magnificent in this film!  I am, however, rating this edition and not the movie itself.  I did notice a great improvement in the color enhancement with this edition as opposed to the enhanced edition.   My only criticism of this resored edition is that it is separated into 6 individual segments as was the original mini series so if you are watching one of the DVD's in it's entirety, the movie is interupted several times with rolling the credits.  The enhanced version did not interupt the movie at all during the viewing of a DVD.  I can live with it as I forward through the credits, but is a little annoying to have to do it 6 different times in the same movie!  Other than that, I love it!!!!!
0316743003|5.0|What a great story!  Well written and from a man who was there and lived a great adventure every day of his incredible career.  I bought copies for my each of my sons and my father.  This is a tale that should to be told to a much wider audience.  Too bad more American corporations aren't run on the basic principles that the Lockheed Skunk Works lived by.
144042974X|1.0|While reading this book, I feel like I'm experiencing a flashback to the 60,s -wearing flowers in my hair, planning to move to a commune, while searching for that one great secret, the hidden thing - the meaning of life itself. This book reads like a sales manual for Buddhism.<br />  This will be required reading for my son who is going into the 10th grade this fall. It's amazing what passes for a \\"classic\\" now. I could think of so many other useful \\"classic books\\" that he could read which could do much to stimulate critical thinking and maybe even coerce some realistic self-reflection or character building attributes. I can already tell that this will be tortuous reading for him and not at all within his range of interests. A waste of some perfectly good trees.
1416550542|4.0|I'm crazy about fairy tales. Always have been, always will be. But I don't mean perky animated movies like The Little Mermaid; I mean the eerie, ambiguous narratives of Hans Christian Andersen and the Brothers Grimm, or the late 19th-century retellings found in Andrew Lang's Fairy Books. These stories --- evoked explicitly in Kate Morton's THE FORGOTTEN GARDEN --- are emotionally complex, mixing terror with magic, cruel fate with happy endings. (If the success of Stephenie Meyer's vampire books is any indication, readers young and old still take pleasure in being scared out of their wits.)    This is not to say that THE FORGOTTEN GARDEN will shiver your bones. It's much more benign than that. Still, there is a mystery at its heart: Why was a four-year-old girl apparently abandoned by her parents in 1913 and left alone on a ship bound from London to Australia?    To answer that question, Morton constructs a generation-spanning chronicle of three women. First is a Victorian fairy tale author named Eliza Makepeace (it's hard to believe she didn't exist, given the quality of the three stories included in the book). Her well-born mother runs off with a seaman, is disowned by her family, and dies of consumption, leaving her daughter to the tender mercies of the evil Swindells (a couple straight out of Dickens) in fog-shrouded, crime-ridden turn-of-the-century London. Eliza, who from an early age loves to spin stories and play Jack the Ripper in the mists, is eventually tracked down by her mother's family and delivered to their Cornwall estate, Blackhurst Manor. There she finds a repressive aunt; a vague, creepy uncle --- but, on the brighter side, also a hidden cottage and garden that become her private preserve, and a young invalid cousin, Rose, who becomes well with the help of Eliza's loyalty, strength and active imagination. (If this sounds strangely like THE SECRET GARDEN, it is. Morton cleverly makes Frances Hodgson Burnett a guest at a Blackhurst garden party, where she is inspired by Rose and Eliza's story to write her classic novel.)    The second thread is Nell Andrews, the perplexing abandoned child. When the ship reaches its Queensland, Australia, destination, she is found by the harbormaster and raised by him and his wife; only when she turns 21 is she told that she isn't their child. After this shock, Nell turns strange and withdrawn. But in 1975, prompted by the contents of the small white suitcase that was found with her on the dock --- notably, a beautifully illustrated book of fairy tales by Eliza Makepeace --- she sets out to solve the conundrum of her true origins. She ends up in Cornwall, where she buys Eliza's former cottage and garden. She intends to return and make her life there, but something prevents her.    That something is strand three, Cassandra, Nell's granddaughter. Nell is widowed and estranged from her daughter, Lesley, who rather unceremoniously dumps her 10-year-old on mom. Cassandra grows up with Nell, shares her work at the antiques stall, and in 2005 --- 30 years after Nell's journey to Cornwall --- keeps a vigil at her grandmother's deathbed. When Cassandra, who has her own past losses to contend with, discovers that she has inherited Cliff Cottage, as the Cornwall hideaway is known, she in turn goes to England to play detective.    Even summarizing these stories lucidly is difficult, so you can imagine how hard it was to write them (Morton must have resorted to some sort of chart). For the most part the triple-pointed design of the book is successful. It's good to have one of the themes of the novel --- the overlay of memories; the way the mind mixes fact and fiction --- so well supported by its structure.    What isn't good is that echoes of other books are so loud in THE FORGOTTEN GARDEN (I had the same difficulty with Morton`s first novel, THE HOUSE AT RIVERTON, which was straight out of Daphne Du Maurier). It's as if she has absorbed her favorite novels too well; here there are intimations not only of Dickens and Hodgson Burnett, but of Wilkie Collins, Howard Pyle and Du Maurier (again). In her acknowledgments Morton pays tribute to children's book authors and says this book is partly \\"an ode to them\\" --- but she fails to make the material her own. Too often it reads more like a pastiche of other people's styles and ideas. And although it's pleasantly written, there are a lot of rather formulaic ladies'-novel conventions: beautiful heroines with red hair, a handsome stranger showing up at the right moment, mistaken identities, gossipy local historians, an old seadog with a peculiarly accurate memory....    Yet I do treasure --- and share --- Morton's passion for old-fashioned children's literature and book illustration. In Eliza Makepeace's tales, which have exactly the proper cadence and timelessness, this inspiration comes through splendidly. I just wish there had been more in THE FORGOTTEN GARDEN that emerged from that deeper place in Morton's imagination.    But if it's atmospheric entertainment you want, this is a knockout. Morton, like her heroine Eliza, has the storyteller's touch. Filled with romance, tragedy and luscious period detail, the novel would make a rip-roaring miniseries. Despite its length, it's suspenseful enough to keep you coming back for just one more chapter (though your lids are heavy) before you turn out the light.
0061537969|5.0|What a great author. He truly made the journey of life from a dogs point of view v3ery realistic and a truly inspiring ride!
0307265730|5.0|Jhumpa Lahiri's first short story collection, INTERPRETER OF MALADIES, won the Pulitzer Prize. Her debut novel, THE NAMESAKE, was an international bestseller and, in 2007, was made into a critically praised feature film. Where does this accomplished author go from here?    As her new short story collection, UNACCUSTOMED EARTH, proves, Lahiri's fiction just gets better and better. These eight long, deftly developed stories probe the overarching themes and subjects of her career --- the adjustments made by Bengali immigrants as they attempt to adapt to American culture, the differentiation between \\"home\\" and \\"roots,\\" the ways in which our visions of ourselves are composed both of heritage and new experiences.    The title of the collection comes from a quote by Nathaniel Hawthorne's THE CUSTOMS HOUSE, which serves as the book's epigraph: \\"Human nature will not flourish, any more than a potato, if it be planted and replanted, for too long a series of generations, in the same worn-out soil. My children have had other birthplaces, and, so far as their fortunes may be within my control, shall strike their roots into unaccustomed earth.\\" This idea --- of new generations taking root in new soil --- runs through all the stories here.    Lahiri's epigraph is not the only debt she owes to Hawthorne and other classic short-story writers like him. Although her concerns might be modern, Lahiri's mode of storytelling is distinctly old-fashioned, hearkening back to writers like Hawthorne himself, as well as Hardy, Chekhov and Hemingway. Her stories, unlike those of many of the (at times) self-indulgent post-modern story practitioners working today, unfold slowly, gradually, into miniature works of great beauty and profundity. There's nothing flashy here --- no gimmicks, no snarky humor --- just near-impeccable storytelling driven by memorable characters and situations.    In the title story, a woman who has recently moved to Seattle with her American husband and their young son anxiously awaits the arrival of her widowed father, making the first visit since his wife's death. Ruma fears that, in accordance with Bengali custom, her father will expect to move in with the young family. But he has a secret of his own, one that will shape not only their short visit together but also their impressions of one another.    In \\"Only Goodness,\\" Sudha always looked out for her younger brother Rahul, determined to give him the kind of traditional American childhood she never had, since her parents were too busy adapting to a new country to give her the trappings of childhood indulgence. But when Rahul, now a young man, disappoints his family repeatedly and slips into self-destructive alcoholism, Sudha must decide for herself where to set limits on her allowances for her brother.    Probably the most emotionally wrenching of the stories is the story arc \\"Hema and Kaushik,\\" a set of three loosely intertwined short stories that follow two children of Bengali immigrants from adolescence to adulthood. Like a good novel, these tales manage to invest readers deeply in their characters, both of whom, like many of Lahiri's characters, find it hard to interpret the true meaning of \\"home.\\" Those who have shared Hema and Kaushik's decades-long journey will be deeply moved by the final story's closing paragraphs, as both characters encounter very different sorts of tragedies.    Many readers who loved THE NAMESAKE may be reluctant to pick up a collection of short stories, a genre that has gained an unfortunate reputation for inaccessibility and opaqueness. To miss out on this collection, though, would be to overlook not only the best work of Lahiri's stellar career to date but also one of the finest works of fiction published so far this year.
B002ZHKZEC|5.0|I must say that I never thought I would be so into another actor playing the Doctor other than Peter Davison (Doctor #5) - but - as fate would have it - David Tennant (Doctor #10) took over the role in 2006 after an amazing performance by Christopher Ecclston in 2005 (Doctor #9) - and David became my modern favorite Doctor!<br /><br />(Granted I have only seen 6 episodes of the NEW Matt Smith (Doctor #11) so I am still getting used to this new regeneration as of yet.)<br /><br />This Blu-Ray combo pack is amazing. Tons of extras including the Doctor WHo Confidential which is a detailed and inventive inside look into the production of each episode - and my favorite - David Tennants very own Video Diaries. What great perspective from the actual star of the show - shot in the hand-held style by the star of the show - with invasive and often humorous points-of-view from the star of the show himself!<br /><br />Also included is the magical Doctor Who concert \\"At The Proms\\" that was held in England where a 100 + piece orchestra is conducted by Doctor Who's very own composer Murray Gold - playing his own compositions for the series. Complete with a story film and shot by David Tennant as he teases you into music he wrote and found in some odd galaxy. Characters from the actual show come running through the audience. Great fun too!<br /><br />This set contains all four (five really - one two-parter)'Specials' as the British BBC production team called them - of what I would consider calling 'Series 5' of the relaunching of the new Doctor Who and his TARDIS. The stories are; #1 The Next Doctor, #2 Planet of the Dead, #3 The Waters of Mars and #4 The End of Time (Parts 1 and 2).<br /><br />All these beautifully mastered HD episodes tell the unravelling of what will be the end of the Tenth Doctor's run. For five years Mr. Tenant has helmed the TARDIS with some of the most memorable, fun and interesting 'one-adventure' companions ever. They include Michelle Ryan (the US remake of the Bionic Woman), David Morrissey (State of Play, Sense and Sensibility) and Lindsay Duncan (the new Alice in Wonderland, Rome, Under the Tuscan Sun)<br /><br />Each of the stories has athread that leads up to the ultimate series finale - the exit of David Tennant. Russell T. Davies amazing story telling and Julie Gardners amazing producing skills have created four of the wittiest and sharpest episodes of all time!<br /><br />A must for ever Doctor Who Fan and a great introductory gift for someone who likes action, adventure, comedy in the Science Fiction genre. Add this to your collection too!  6-9-10ate of Play, Sense and Sensibility) and Lindsay Duncan (the new Alice in Wonderland, Rome, Under the Tuscan Sun)    Each of the stories has athread that leads up to the ultimate series finale - the exit of David Tennant. Russell T. Davies amazing story telling and Julie Gardners amazing producing skills have created four of the wittiest and sharpest episodes of all time!     A must for ever Doctor Who Fan and a great introductory gift for someone who likes action, adventure, comedy in the Science Fiction genre. Add this to your collection too!  6-9-10
0345495004|5.0|Nancy Horan's impressive first novel, LOVING FRANK, recreates the life of Mamah Borthwick Cheney and her shocking love affair with famed architect Frank Lloyd Wright. The two met while living in Oak Park, Illinois, and both were married with children. After consulting on a house for her and her husband, Mamah began an affair with Frank that culminated with the pair eloping in Germany to escape the prying eyes of the judgmental press and the decimated families they left behind.    Once in Europe, Frank sets to work on several architectural projects, and Mamah, a modest feminist in her time, begins translating the works of popular European suffragist Ellen Key. Mamah thinks that Key is speaking directly to her, especially when Key talks about marriage, family and the struggle to feel complete as a person. Mamah feels horrible about abandoning her children yet at the same time realizes that she was dying a slow but no less painful death in an unhappy marriage. She desperately wants to work and believes that this --- much more than motherhood --- completes her, although she has never stopped thinking about her children and whether or not they would ever understand her plight.    Of that time back in Oak Park, Mamah writes in her journal: \\"I've been standing on the side of life, watching it float by. I want to swim in the river. I want to feel the current.\\" She throws caution to the wind and dives into life with Frank, which has its share of ebbs and flows. She learns that her beloved can be boastful, prickly and not very forthright about money, but still she is committed to forging a life with him. Soon after arriving in Germany, the American press tracks them down and the couple must flee to another town.    When the pair returns from Europe, they look to Wisconsin to give them the wide open spaces necessary to build Frank's latest creation, Taliesin, a home like no other. Once there, both Frank and Mamah take greater steps in rekindling relationships with their children, which proves to be more difficult than anticipated. She cannot make up for her years abroad but tries to find some middle ground with her son and daughter. As she attempts to reconcile her relationship with the moody architect and her neglected kids, Mamah and her family are struck by a violent and incomprehensible tragedy.    More than just a retelling of their ill-fated romance, LOVING FRANK delves into Mamah's life and personality, turning her into a fully fleshed-out character. She is not a long-suffering wife nor a pitiful object of scorn. Rather, she is trying to figure out what centuries of women before her and since have been trying to determine: how to reconcile one's private self with one's role as mother and wife. Her struggles are still relatable to this day, which is exactly what Leslie Bennetts's recent book, THE FEMININE MISTAKE: Are We Giving Up Too Much? addresses.    Frank is an incredibly talented and somewhat smug character, with his own particular way of doing things. He feels that \\"laws and rules are made for the average man\\" and clearly acknowledges that it's his genius \\"...that causes people to make allowances.\\" Mamah is both in awe of his talent and amazed in his confidence, finding both comfort and inspiration in his bravado.    LOVING FRANK is told in the third person, mostly from Mamah's perspective. By choosing to focus on her thoughts and feelings, Horan is able to illuminate a certain time and place, not only for an unmarried couple, but for a woman of that time as well. Mamah has tried to balance her life as a wife and mother, and also as an individual. Through her relationship with Frank, she thinks she has finally discovered a way to do just that --- but at what price? When their perfectly constructed lives are violently shattered, one wonders if that is the price for living unfettered, or were they merely in the wrong place at the wrong time.    Horan's meticulous descriptions reveal that this relationship was not a mere sexualdalliance, but rather a bond cultivated over years of friendship and mutual respect. It was the fact that Frank appealed to Mamah's intellect rather than her passion that she found so intoxicating. We see their relationship being built over time and then becoming an inevitable force all its own. Yes, they both made a conscious choice to leave their families behind, but Horan is careful to demonstrate that this was done with much reflection (and guilt) on Mamah's part.    We may not agree with their actions, but we certainly can see Mamah's predicament and empathize with the characters rather than judge them too harshly. Many years into the relationship, Mamah realizes that she and Frank's first wife, Catherine, shared a painful reality: \\"The price both of them had paid for loving Frank was dear indeed.\\"
1849162743|4.0|HE GIRL THAT KICKED THE HORNET'S NEST is Stieg Larsson's last novel. He unfortunately passed away after writing his Lisbeth Salander  trilogy. So, I read the book knowing there would not be another, and I hoped it would tie up all loose ends nicely. The first book in the series can be read by itself. It introduces all of the characters and is centered around a decades old murder mystery. The second book delves more into Salander's life and concludes with a violent confrontation with her father. The third book takes up immediately after the second. So, I highly recommend you at least read the second book before reading this one.<br /><br />The novel opens with Salander being rushed to the hospital after being shot in the head when she tried to kill her father, ex KGB agent Zalachenko. Amazingly, Salander survives, but is confined to the hospital for most of the novel. Next, the government tries to cover its tracks in its role in keeping Zalachenko out of trouble. The main way to do this is to have Salander committed to a mental institution through a trial. Mikael Blomkvist had a brief affair with Salander in the first book, and has remained her friend. He uses his considerable journalistic resources to find out the truth and protect Salader.<br /><br />There are many other story lines, including lawyers, politicians, and different police and civil agencies. At time, some of it was confusing, but Larsson's straight forward writing style that doesn't try to surprise the reader. This allows you to keep all the story lines straight even with the many characters with strange names and unfamiliar government institutions.<br /><br />Some critics will comment on Larsen's \\"Scathing social commentary\\" and the politics associated with the book and women's rights. I really don't see it. It may be there, but to me, its just a fictional story. Late in the book, a character states that the trial wasn't about murder and corruption within the government but about men who mistreat and take advantage of women. That may be Larsson's belief and what he thought he was writing about, but in reality, his story is just a mystery thriller with a bunch of interesting characters.. That may be Larsson's belief and what he thought he was writing about, but in reality, his story is just a mystery thriller with a bunch of interesting characters.
0307454541|5.0|This is a great book! Once you start, you don't want to put it down. Little happened that was not necessary in my life once I started this book because it was so gripping. Just when you think you have figured everything out, there is another twist. What a shame that this is posthumously published as Stieg Larsson was clearly a very talented writer.
0471267554|4.0|[[ASIN:0471267554 The Paleo Diet: Lose Weight and Get Healthy by Eating the Food You Were Designed to Eat]]<br /><br />This diet is easy to follow. The results are incredible. My energy level has stabilized. My appetite is no longer a problem. My cravings have vanished. I feel great. I've had borderline high blood pressure for years. Last night it was 106/68. Honestly, I don't care if this works for anyone else in the world or not. It works so amazingly well for me that I'm sticking with it.
B001UV4XUG|5.0|I love that this story is so real and managed to create a happy ending even despite the depressing middle section.
B001P5Q6F2|1.0|This genre is stupid.  This band is stupid.  The guitar playing is bottom notch.  Rock or metal without guitar solos is stupid.  The few solos I have heard this band \\"attempt\\" are awful.  What the is the point of having lyrics if I cant understand a \\"G\\"osh \\"D\\"arn thing the vocalist is \\"screaming\\"...What the dude?....what the?      This music is childish.  How are people buying into this trash?  WHY?  WHY?  WHY?  WHY?    This music is not cool.  YOu dont need to play fast or scream to be hardcore..    I hate this band and I hate this genre.    Grow up and stop supporting this trash so that real musicians actually have a chance to make it in this world so I have something to listen to thanks.    edit    The guitar playing consists of zero skill. absolutely zero. The riffs and solos are at the level of a beginner. The vocals are laughable. There is no intelligence behind this band that I can find. Nothing creative or remarkable at all.    How this genre has taken the country by storm is beyond me.
B002EEP3NO|5.0|I bought the Lego Death Star for my son for his 14th birthday six months ago.  He put it together with my daughter and me, and since then the kids have spent many hours playing with it.  Even while we were building, they would stop to play as we completed each room.  This set is worth the price alone just for the unlimited play value.  The number of mini figures, \\"machines\\", and other working parts in the set is also impressive.  Every room has something that moves and there is an elevator in the middle of the Death Star that covers three floors.  Even the conference room (in which Darth Vader famously strangles his officer) has individually spinning chairs. You can literally recreate every Death Star scene from the movies using this set.    The list of mini figures is as follows: ANH Luke, ROTJ Luke, Stormtrooper Luke, Han Solo, Stormtrooper Solo, C-3P0, R2-D2, R2-Q5, Princess Leia, Obi-Wan, Chewbacca, Tarkin, Darth Vader, the Emperor, Royal Guards, Stormtroopers, and four droids including the interrogation droid from ANH and a rolling mouse droid.    As to the particulars of the Legos themselves: it took three of us about four solid days to build this set.  Part of that time was sorting the many pieces (our bags did come numbered unlike a couple other reviewers have reported) and part of it was play breaks as mentioned above.  One of the machines took us two hours to build as we put it together slightly wrong the first time and had to do it all over.  Out of over 3800 pieces we were missing one part, which we were able to cannibalize from one of my son's unbuilt Knight's Kingdom sets.  Not too bad!  The super laser is very fragile and we ended up swapping out one of the big disks for a different one from our Lego collection as it seemed to work to hold it together better.  Other than that we had no real issues and the majority of the Death Star is surprisingly solid considering its size and the number of pieces involved.    All in all, I would highly recommend this set to Star Wars fans and Lego fans alike.      UPDATE November 14, 2010  ---------------------------    It has now been eleven months since we bought this item and it's still in great condition.  For the most part it has held together remarkably well through hours of play.  The superlaser continues to be fragile.  The \\"laser beams\\" are now on permanent hiatus unless a planet needs destroying, due to the fact that our cat would knock them off with his tail every time he walked past the Death Star.  My kids have discovered that because the tippity top of the Death Star has exposed Lego studs, they can stand a character or a small structure on there, which they think is totally awesome.  They also take glee in tossing random Lego parts into the trash compactor room to make it look more authentically \\"trashy\\".  The extra helmets and guns provided were a big hit for a while, and the conference room with its table and spinning chairs remains a favorite.  I find the Star Wars Legos have been a great way for me to connect with my kids because, let's face it, 38 year old moms don't know much about Pokemon or iCarly.  I recommend bringing out the Lego Death Star every time you watch Star Wars for double the fun!
B001N26GFM|5.0|I also have seen many movies about the Holocaust, and this one stands out immensely, by quietly showing the apathy and deceit required of supposedly civilized people, shown in different ways by Bruno's parents. I have read a number of comments that think Bruno was more than a little dim for not getting it, while supposedly Bruno's mother knew nothing about what was really going on at the camps, and I read no comments on that. It would be interesting to me to read an account, an honest account, of what it was like for a Nazi family and how they lived, knowing what was going on. A child knows only what they have been taught, they believe their parents more than anyone in the world, and since all Bruno was told was lies, of course he is going to believe them and want to believe them. He struggled with wanting to love and honor his father and starting to doubt him. The child was only eight! Even though he was seeing the camp with his own eyes, he didn't really know what was going on, no child who had been sheltered and deceived would. The same with Gretel, who also only knew what they wanted her to know, and had not the experience to know better. The Hitler Youth was immensely successful in indoctrination of the children because they are so vulnerable and impressionable.     I was sickened when the elderly man was beaten to death in front of the children and no one moved a muscle, and I seriously suspected the actual cause of the grandmother's death, bombing or not, since she was vocally opposed to the Reich. I feared for the life and health of Bruno's mother as well, and don't think the father, brutal and committed to the Reich, would just let her walk away with his children.    The ending was immensely powerful, yet I wanted it to have impact on the father other than just personally, otherwise, I didn't see the point. The worst monster can love his child.    I don't think it was Auschwitz, which held thousands of people. This one seemed very small, more like a work camp, and not all of them were killing camps, other than by starvation and disease, etc.    The boy that played Schmuel was the sweetest boy and his scenes just broke my heart.
B002TYZKIM|5.0|I have nothing, but praise for this incredible footage of the man who is a pure musical genius on stage, and sadly a misunderstood enigma offstage. I have been a fan of Michael Jackson all my life, from the age of three to an adult now. I never doubted him because I know his heart and I know his spirit. I didn't need to know him personally. His music told me who he was. He was a beautiful person, inside and out. I was not going to be one to judge about his appearance, when I didn't walk in his shoes. As watch this footage, I see what a hardworker, perfectionist and genius he was. He was more than just the greatest entertainer of the world. He was a humanitarian, that no one, not even the negative media, praise him for. The press coverage was about his personal life, his appearance and controveries.<br />The tragedy of his untimely death has made me realize how short life is. To me, most people told him for granted when he was alive and some still do now that he's gone. I hope Michael is finally at peace. I will miss him, but his legacy was always live from the heart of his fans. Rest In Peace to the King of Pop. The Legend Continues!
B0036EH3WU|5.0|LOST will forever be one of the greats, there isn't a doubt in my mind. Lost is a milestone that we will probably never see again, at least in our lifetime, on television. It will sit with the greats such as Seinfeld, The X-Files, Cheers, and The Twilight Zone as television that changed the future of other shows.     For starters, LOST would never have lasted without the internet. It was one of the first TV shows that inspired such a cult following and transformed the internet. Never before has there been a show that created such a whirlwind on the internet. It also appealed to a wide range of people, whether you be looking for an exciting, mysterious, action-packed hour of television with light comedy sprinkled in throughout, a romantic love story with touches of science-fiction, or perhaps a thought-provoking testament of faith with emphasis on characters. Whatever your interest, LOST is for you.    LOST begins with the record-setting most expensive pilot ever produced, and it doesn't disappoint. It is high intensity and will draw you in to the mysterious plot and the frightening island. However, as the series progresses, you will soon discover you care about the characters and their back-stories as much, if not more, than the plot. The gist of LOST is this: 48 people survive a plane crash and it will change their lives in ways they don't even know. Each of these people were \\"bad\\" people before the island. There's a criminal, a torturer, a mother who was going to give up her baby, a couple with marital issues, a doctor with a God complex and the incessant need to fix everything. That's just the beginning of a very diverse cast, each getting their own episode(s) dedicated to splicing flashbacks to life before the island and the on-island plot together, giving us the chance to connect to these people and understand them in ways we never do on any other show. We really see what drives them and what motivates them. We also see how their lives are changing rapidly. Theisland offers them a place of redemption, a second-chance, a place to start over and make good on their past misdeeds. That's what this show is about. It's about redemption. It's about giving a second chance. It's about letting go. It's about forgiveness. It's about these people finally coming to cope with their pasts. Of course, that's not all. Theres a very rich mythology and an on-island plot that got the world abuzz. It's mysterious. It's action packed. And this island is not as it seems. Who or what lies in the jungle? The island holds many secrets that lead to a bigger plot, one bigger than you can imagine. It's not just an island. It's a place with a rich history and an enormous secret. As you learn about the mysteries the island holds as well as the mysteries the characters hold, you will begin to make theories and predictions. It's a ton of fun.     The ending was very controversial. You'll either love it or hate it. All the mysteries won't be answered, but the major ones will. It would have been impossible to answer every single question (the list is very long...it gets longer after each episode.) However, the writers don't dumb the show down. You need to watch every episode and you can't fast-forward. In true LOST fashion, the answers were given, but you'll need to dig deeper to find them. The writers give you the puzzle pieces and you'll need to put them together (don't worry, the important ones are perfectly spelled out, but if you're looking for all the answers, be prepared to go back and rewatch, but trust me, they're there.) I find myself talking to people who also watch the show and were disappointed with the lack of answers, and I'll say, in response to a particular question, \\"Well remember this, this and this from season 4? Or this from season 5? Well we just learned in season 6 that this happened, so obviously the answer is _____.\\" And then my friend will go, \\"Ohhhh! That's pretty cool. I didn't catch that.\\" (Of course, I'm the LOST Addict thatwatches each season over again.)    As far as the ending in regards to story and character, it was perfect. It offered the perfect resolution and I am convinced the show has ended. It was satisfying, rich, and emotional. There will be no sequels, no movie deals, no spin-offs. The ending wrapped things up neatly and pretty much said, \\"This was the story we wanted to tell and this is the ending...no if, and, or buts\\"...and that is something true LOST fans will really appreciate.    The music is beautiful. Michael Giachinno's score is phenomenal, beautiful, intense, and emotional depending on the scene. It really is fantastic.   The acting is brilliant. Terry O'Quinn (John Locke) deserves an Emmy, as do the rest of the cast, but his role was believable, heartfelt, and absolutley amazing. See Episode 4 of Season 1 and you'll just get a TASTE of what I'm talking about. It gets better as the series progresses and (no pun intended) finds itself.    If you watch LOST though, there is a RULE. No looking for spoilers. The best part of the show are the twists and turns. No spoilers, don't even Google it. You'll really regret it if you do.    So watch LOST. Order it now, no second thoughts. It tackles the tough questions: Can people be redeemed? It asks about faith: Are you a man of science or a man of faith? Can you BELIEVE? Well, I can definitively say, you can believe in LOST. Order it now, you'll be glad you did. If you don't know too much about the show besides my review, take a leap of faith...you'll be glad you did.
B0035V35P8|4.0|Honestly I thought the movie was entertaining and I'd watch it again  The coolest part of the movie was when he healed himself and then went on fighting ...    I've been trying to figure out how I can heal myself since I watched that...    The fight scenes are pretty incredible even if somewhat unrealistic at times - but the fighting is just pretty incredible - there's no other word about it.   The story line?  well I'd put it as one of those old B movies     I kept wondering how he went that long without anything to eat
0375703764|4.0|Wikipedia categorizes \\"House of Leaves\\" as \\"ergodic literature\\", placing it in a class of stories that require people to put in \\"non-trivial\\" effort in reading them.  Sounds like all this really means is that the thing is hard to read.<br /><br />It actually means rather more than that, but in truth, \\"House of Leaves\\" isn't all that tough.  It requires a certain amount of page-flipping to get to the appendices, a certain amount of sticking your finger between pages to keep track of your place while reading the footnotes, and a certain amount of concentration to keep the various typefaces straight, not to mention the need to turn the book over or read it in a mirror.  All right, so you get a little exercise.  You get two pretty good stories for your efforts.<br /><br />The first story is a summary and analysis, written by a blind man named Zampano, of a movie called \\"The Navidson Record\\".  This movie was supposedly shot and edited by a famous photojournalist named Will Navidson who moved to Virginia with his girlfriend and children in an attempt to put down roots and salvage his family.  Unfortunately, in pretty short order a mysterious pitch-black hallway suddenly appears between two rooms, and the family discovers that as a result the house is bigger on the inside than it is on the outside.  Zampano's analysis of this movie covers the remarks of several dozen authorities, both academic and popular, plus his own lengthy discussions of the movie's artistic, scientific and philosophical underpinnings.<br /><br />Well, first of all, you're reading the words of a blind man on the subject of a movie.  Things only get more peculiar from there, believe me.<br /><br />The second story is that of a young man called Johnny Truant who finds Zampano's manuscript after the older man has died and Johnny has moved into his apartment.  The pages are in total disarray, and Johnny sorts through them trying to impose some sort of coherent structure, meantime jotting down footnotes on the text and on his own life during this project.  He's in pretty sad shape to begin with and finds the whole story terrifying, to such an extent that it gives him nightmares and takes away his appetite.  Drugs, work, and casual sex don't help him at all, and pretty soon you start to wonder how much of his commentary is reliable.<br /><br />In other words, this is one of those books that presents itself as a factual document, including quotations on the subject of the book itself by real people who allegedly read it.  Vladimir Nabokov, John Barth, Jorge Luis Borges and David Foster Wallace all did similar things (and I have my quarrels with Wallace's \\"Infinite Jest\\" but no one ever said he couldn't write well).  \\"House of Leaves\\" ratchets up this technique to well beyond the breaking point.<br /><br />For instance, this may be pretty nearly the first book I've come across that starts off by threatening you.  There it is on Page 1 - \\"This is not for you.\\"  Then comes Johnny Truant's introduction which warns you very plainly that reading this text will do to you what it did to him - take away your sleep, ruin your work and your love life, and basically drive you mad.<br /><br />Others have pointed out that later on, the chapters start playing tricks on you.  I'm told that some of the footnotes contain the author's name in code, that some paragraphs are set up to tap out Morse letters spelling \\"SOS\\", and things like that.  There's a chapter on labyrinths and mazes that is itself a maze, with a chunk of text drilling a tunnel through several pages and another that carries you in one direction before bouncing right back to where you started.  Other sections lose characters, force you to look for unreferenced footnotes or twist the book into all kinds of directions just to read it.  In short, lots of fun and games - not bad for a book that presents itself as a horror story.<br /><br />We can debate the usefulness of this kind of goofing off - if the author's name appearsin code, for instance, does it add anything to the story or is it just a rag?  That might be fun.  On the other hand, questions like that are probably better left to graduate students in literature.  I haven't got that kind of time, to be honest; I'd rather take a look at what those tricks do to the story and its emotional impact.  That's supposedly why we spend money on popular entertainment, after all.<br /><br />And like many horror stories, \\"House of Leaves\\" is a love story at bottom.  We all know that loving someone, as a friend or a partner, adds immeasurably to life, to such an extent that some believe a life without love isn't worth living.  We all know, too, that love can be difficult - that it's all too easy to take it for granted if it isn't tested, but that such tests can bring it crashing down.  What's great about \\"House of Leaves\\", despite Johnny Truant's threats, is that the characters get to test their love while the text itself puts us, the readers, through similar tests.  The house tests the characters in \\"The Navidson Record\\", Zampano's summary tests Johnny, and \\"House of Leaves\\" tests you and me.<br /><br />In other words, there comes a moment for Will Navidson, for his partner, for Johnny, for Johnny's mother, and even for Zampano, when they each have to ask whether love is worth the trouble.  At the same time, you and I have to ask ourselves periodically whether \\"House of Leaves\\" is worth the effort it takes to get through the darned thing.  It's all to Mark Danielewski's credit that he leaves space for every reader to make that decision individually.  I'll bet many people, justifiably, slammed the thing shut with a curse or a sense of relief.  I finished it.  And yeah, I'd say it was worth the time.<br /><br />Benshlomo says, Pick your battles.it just a rag?  That might be fun.  On the other hand, questions like that are probably better left to graduate students in literature.  I haven't got that kind of time, to be honest; I'd rather take a look at what those tricks do to the story and its emotional impact.  That's supposedly why we spend money on popular entertainment, after all.    And like many horror stories, \\"House of Leaves\\" is a love story at bottom.  We all know that loving someone, as a friend or a partner, adds immeasurably to life, to such an extent that some believe a life without love isn't worth living.  We all know, too, that love can be difficult - that it's all too easy to take it for granted if it isn't tested, but that such tests can bring it crashing down.  What's great about \\"House of Leaves\\", despite Johnny Truant's threats, is that the characters get to test their love while the text itself puts us, the readers, through similar tests.  The house tests the characters in \\"The Navidson Record\\", Zampano's summary tests Johnny, and \\"House of Leaves\\" tests you and me.    In other words, there comes a moment for Will Navidson, for his partner, for Johnny, for Johnny's mother, and even for Zampano, when they each have to ask whether love is worth the trouble.  At the same time, you and I have to ask ourselves periodically whether \\"House of Leaves\\" is worth the effort it takes to get through the darned thing.  It's all to Mark Danielewski's credit that he leaves space for every reader to make that decision individually.  I'll bet many people, justifiably, slammed the thing shut with a curse or a sense of relief.  I finished it.  And yeah, I'd say it was worth the time.    Benshlomo says, Pick your battles.
B002QGUFWE|4.0|I purchased a copy of this album which looks to be a Japanese or Korean version and its very nice, recommended purchase. The music and lyrics sounds o.k and the singing is clear.     [[ASIN:B002YMNI9W The Fame Monster [2CD] [+2 Bonus Tracks] [Universal Music] [Korea 2009]]]      Written and recommended by:      Dr, MR Franc MBBS (PhD) GPS Ang Poon Kah  Assistant FED chief, international to Bernake
1401203078|1.0|I liked the first Extraorinary Gents a lot.  I stopped this one halfway thru because of the gratuitous torture scenes.  I gave it away.  Yuk.
B0017H1MB6|5.0|I enjoy collecting them because they are realistically done. I'm sure it's great for kids, but I just like to collect them.
B00005RDCM|5.0|Back in 1982 , cds were brand new. Kiss had only released one real compilation disc:<br />double platinum! and that was re-recordings.  This disc came out in germany and that's why it has strange ss's  instead of the lightening bolts.  It is illegal to have lightening bolts in germany because of the infamous SS of nazi germany who used that symbol.  This was a shock to me at the time because it had 4 songs we didn't get anywhere else. It also was not re-recorded. This was a real first compilation and we couldn't get it! Of course we had to rely on record stores to order this for us. There was no internet or web for the average people until 92 or so , and even then it wasn't the web of today. So you had to order this as a expensive import just to get those four songs which are pretty good by the way.  Today you don't need the middle man anymore to get this and you should because it has some great older kiss songs and those four at the time rare tracks. I think three of them are still only on this cd so grab it. And remember that this was a 1982 release and that's why you don't see other versions of songs that should be released like maxi single versions of songs!
B002VPE1B6|5.0|The greatest animated movie I have ever seen. I have watchet it 5 times so far an it keeps getting better each time.
B003AO3CIK|5.0|I've had a few months to marinate on this album thanks to the band's generous contribution to National Record Store Day. Even though I've been a passionate advocate for Nada Surf through every album since High/Low, I bought this one with a bit of hesitation. Anytime an artist does a covers album, I wonder if it will be destined for The Onion's annual list of least essential albums - records not good or bad, but ones that simply had no reason to exist. Covers are fine for b-sides, pleasant surprises during radio sessions and concerts; but anytime they show up on a proper album, let alone an entire album (cough, Peter Gabriel), I can only think the artist has a.) run out of steam; b.) a record contract to fulfill; c.) become a cover band like Me First & The Gimme Gimmes. With \\"If I Had a Hi-Fi\\" - none of the above applies. Since I am familiar with most of the covered artists, but not the songs, the album actually works as a proper Nada Surf album, perhaps their most melodic, energetic and urgent since their first two (High/Low and the tragically overlooked masterpiece The Proximity Effect).<br /><br />The two songs of which I am most aware, \\"Enjoy the Silence\\" and \\"Love and Anger,\\" are the hardest for me to digest because the originals are signature pieces from Depeche Mode and Kate Bush respectively. The lush, brooking darkness of the former and the frantic, fluttering bitter euphoria of the latter are missing, these tracks have the sharp corners sanded down - but they still jangle along and are a pleasant listen. It's the rest of the tracks where Nada Surf really finds its mojo and kicks into high gear. Electrocution is a high energy romp; Bye Bye Beaute is yet another winning song in the band's French canon; Evolucion has the most heartbreaking, exquisite violin line I've heard in pop music in years; Question (Moody Blues) is Nada Surf's most straight out rocker since their debut. My fave song is Love Goes On by the dearly departed Go-Betweens - absolutely breathtaking. Nada Surf clearly loves each of these songs. They sound tighter, fitter, happier than they have in ages. Instead of the stopgap until the next proper album I expected this would be, Hi Fi one of the band's most essential and enjoyable albums.ada Surf clearly loves each of these songs. They sound tighter, fitter, happier than they have in ages. Instead of the stopgap until the next proper album I expected this would be, Hi Fi one of the band's most essential and enjoyable albums.
B003JLA4KS|5.0|The absolute most perfect movie ever made and everything deserving such a flawless band. If you like even just one RUSH song you will love this movie and more of their music. If you are a diehard fan and can find any fault with this movie, I will eat my hat. Which, luckily is made of chocolate. But still, I don't want to eat it, it keeps my head warm. GET THIS MOVIE DARN IT!
B001UV4XWY|1.0|This movie was frustratingly dull and confusing. It's a mess of conspiracy theory, psychological thriller, aliens/paranormal movie, Biblical fable, mind control, politics. Who's the villain? The government? Extraterrestrials? People with paranormal abilities? A corporation? Who knows? The pace plods along with lots of little scenes strung-together that go nowhere. The movie raises tons of story questions (why this couple, why 1976, how does the box work, why are there 2 portals to eternal damnation, who are the employers, and on and on and on) but by the end, answers NONE of them. \\"The Ring\\" was as bad, but at least it was visually interesting. This movie doesn't even have that going for it. As for the cast, Diaz looks tired, Marsden looks lost, and Langella looks bored. So was I. But at least *he* got a paycheck out of it.
1573226521|5.0|The Beach by Alex Garland is about not liking where you are and wishing you were somewhere else.  Even with all its grittiness and suspense this is a coming of age story, but it is an outstanding one and it doesn't matter if you are a Gen X or a baby boomer, this tale will touch you in subtle ways.<br />  Richard is tired of being surrounded by tourists everywhere he goes.  Everything is dirty and crowded and sucks and he doesn't want to go home and get a job and be like everyone else.  Then Mr. Duck gives him the map and it all changes.<br />  Suddenly there's a beautiful girl in his life, even if she belongs to some else.  Her boy friend's okay and besides Richard's new friends see the world pretty much the way he does, they don't want to stop bumming around the world and go home either, but they're tired of the same old third world thing.  The three of them band together to find the perfect island on the map, it takes a little doing, but eventually they get there.  At first it's all paradise, but just like bumming around the world with a backpack is paradise at first, it gets old fast.<br />  Even in paradise sooner or later it all becomes day to day.  Richard is not happy with his life again and for a while it looks like he might end up like Mr. Duck, who doesn't go away just because he's dead and stays with you long after the book is finished.  It all gets serious fast and Richard comes to grips with the fact that in real life there are bad people and bad things happen just like in fairy tales, but in real life not everyone gets to live happily ever after, in fact some people don't get to live at all.
B003405MF6|5.0|Jeff Beck has been in constant evolution since the onset of his career.  Never resting, never repeating, never stopping.  He is the most precious gem of the music industry and this is the most recent product of his efforts.
1400032717|4.0|The curious incident of the dog in the night-time by Mark Haddon is a different kind of mystery.  The dog Wellington is dead, stabbed with a pitchfork and fifteen year old Christopher has decided to be a detective and discover who the murderer is.  Unlike the usual mystery hero, Christopher is autistic and the story is told from his point of view.  At first Christopher himself is a mystery because of the way he perceives what's happening around him.  The things he finds difficult, unpleasant and frightening and how he deals with them creates the suspense that makes this simple tale a marvel of complexity.  As he gathers his clues you come to know a different kind of person and can't help but to admire his courage and steadfastness.  This is a story about strengths and weaknesses and how people cope with life.  By the end you discover that at his core, Christopher is really not so different than the rest of us.
B0013NBBOW|4.0|Dave Stewart was in so many bands in the late 1960s and early 1970s--Egg, National Health-it is hard to track each project, though all of them are worth tracking.<br /><br />Like Khan. Space Shanty is pure progressive rock with its classical nuances and multi-part songs. But much of the music sports a melodicism that reminds me of Close To The Edge Yes, and singer and guitarist Steve Hillage's voice reminds me, a lot, of Jon Anderson,<br /><br />There are brief splashes of dissonance, but they only serve as driveways to the next piece of melody. Lots of solos too, but the fast moving and complex songs are served by these economical but virtuosic forays.<br /><br />It takes a little time to know where you are going, but winding through the mystery ride of Khan's songs is the initial joy of listening, and once you do for a while,  you'll have years of enjoying the winding Khan caverns
B000001H00|5.0|Just want to say I also have his earlier version which is excellent but there is something so mysterious and perfect about this version and it has become my favorite.
B0000VCZKM|5.0|This movie is an all-time favorite! It is halarious! It was well put together and full of fun. If you are seeking the whole kit-n-kaboodale w/plenty of laughter, this is the one! This is definately a goodie for 'Family Movie Night'. The following movie is too, a wonderful \\"whole kit-n-kaboodale w/plenty of laughter, love AND great family fun! [[ASIN:0788815466 Simon Birch]]
B003102JDM|4.0|The Coens have filtered the Biblical tale of Job through their Midwestern upbringing and have created a work that's thoughtful, hilarious and infuriating. The passivity of the man character as indignity is heaped on misfortune will make your blood boil. But this isn't an action film - it's a philosophical debate over why God permits bad things to happen to decent people and what we should do. Is the Holy One testing our loyalty? Maybe dumping trials on us to force us into a corner where we must choose goodness or evil? Or is it just a random, godless world? Who knows? But for sure, the Bible story isn't as funny as the Coens' take. It also doesn't include weed, topless sunbathing and Grace slick. Go see it.
B001MW0J2O|5.0|This album is sheer brilliance. It must be savored to be fully enjoyed. I used to think this band was nuts. Now I think they are geniuses.
B003JSU2NU|5.0|I *loved* the Twilight Sndtk and wasn't certain New Moon would be as good and was so happy that it was excellent in a different way (Done All Wrong and Roslyn were the best!  But the rest were all great too)...felt the same about this one...BUT it is great, in its own way.  Each of the three has its own feel.  I am so glad I bought it from iTunes, they have exclusive bonus material (and normally do).<br /><br />Cee Lo, Sia and Metric are my favorites.  Muse is great, again - hope they appear on BD Sndtk as well.  But the Line by Battles is amazing too.<br /><br />Highly recommended.  I can't wait to see how they are fitted into the movie!  The Score will be out on 6.29.2010 and then the movie on 6.30.2010!!!!
B000001DTM|5.0|Achtung Baby is one of U2's most consistently good albums. It stands the test of time as truly incredible music from one of the most talented bands ever. From the worldwide theme song \\"One\\" to other classics like \\"The Fly\\" and \\"Whose Gonna Ride Your Wild Horses\\", Achtung Baby is quintessential U2. If The Joshua Tree was U2's Act I, Achtung Baby is Act II. The band brings a new edge to their music, experimenting with different sounds and distortions, and it works. I usually skip the first track, Zoo Station, but every other song is gold.    The last 3 songs on the album are a beautiful finale for one of the best albums I've ever heard. I highly recommend this to any fan of music.
B0013D8LCW|5.0|I'm so jealous of young gay men today!  They get to go to the movies and see gay characters that are three dimensional and well-developed; homosexuality is just one aspect of their personalities and not necessarily their defining characteristics.  Gone are the campy clowns, ubiquitous drag queens, and tragic AIDS victims that were required in the movies I grew up watching.  In movies like \\"Brokeback Mountain\\" and \\"Shelter\\", the story is about two people falling in love who happen to be gay, which results in a much more realistic movie, and one which a wider audience can, I think, appreciate.    The photography in \\"Shelter\\" is absolutely top-notch.  I used to live in L.A., and I have never seen so many beautiful sunsets in my life!  The surf photography makes you want to run out and buy a board immediately and the footage while the actors are driving makes you feel like you are in the car with them.  I think there is enough creative camera-work to keep any fan of independent films happy.  Watch for how the shots of \\"Zach's\\" art transition smoothly into shots of buildings in the film, underlining the the title.     I was also pleasantly surprised with the quality of acting in this film.  Whenever I see a movie in which the gay characters are portrayed by straight actors, I must admit I watch with a critical eye, but Brad Rowe and especially Trevor Wright, do an excellent job here.  They really portray the intimacy between their characters, not just the lust.  My favorite scene is when they are just lying in bed talking, and you can see in Zach's eyes how this relationship has become \\"shelter\\" from the stress of his life.  I also love how Trevor Wright appears 16 when he is happily looking at Brad Rowe's character, but looks like he's pushing thirty when burdened by the weight of expectations from others.  Tina Holmes also does a terrific job; somehow you feel sympathy for her character despite the terrible choices she makes.     I guess I'm biased, because this film is now one of my all-time favorites!  I could, and will, watch it over and over again.  A critic quoted on the DVD package calls this film an \\"instant classic\\", and I am in complete agreement because I believe gay men 10 years from now will be able to appreciate it just as much as we can today.
B003954I9C|5.0|I think that this album is surprisingly good.  I wasn't sure if a boyband member could pull off a solo effort but I was happily corrected.      AJ's voice is perfectly raspy or smooth when it suits each song.  He co-wrote alot of the album so I was again impressed that I liked every song.  I would recommend this album for sure!
B0017VG66I|5.0|What can I say, 2 Classic Westerns! When I was alot younger these movies were intense, and they still are! Excellent!
B003M5AXN4|4.0|I won't review the movie but instead focus on blu-ray quality    The good: The video quality is vibrant and looks great on Blu-ray. Extras are okay.    The bad: The audio quality could have been so much more. It's a a standard Dolby Digital 5.1 surround track that never really wows like the video.     Overall: It's not bad for the right price (bought it used + shipping for under $10)     Tested on 110' screen with Viewsonic 1080p projector and 7.1 surround set-up
B000002L7J|5.0|Between the singer(Morrissey) and the superb bass/rhythm arrangements on this SIRE release this is definitely an amazing album release worthy of any avaunt-garde earlier music from the late last century.  Keep the groove going!!
B002VPE1AW|5.0|I have been a science fiction/fantasy enthusiast ( translate nut) for over 50 years. This movie is in a word \\"SUPERB\\"  That says it all!!!
044656740X|3.0|I was very enthusiastic about reading this book but after the first couple chapters it just didn't seem factual. I mean come on, what 9 year old thinks like his charactor self in this book.  I haven't finished yet since as a mother of 3, i've never know them to have that type of mentality at that early an age.  but there are exceptions to every rule.  I was bored but plan on finishing after I read some other MLM books.
0316017922|2.0|Gladwell seems fixated on the need to prove that anyone can achieve anything if he or she only worked hard. It doesn't work this way when it concerns exceptional ability. No matter how hard you try, you won't be able to be as good as Gauss, or Einstein, or Reimann, or Poincare. You can practice math ten or twenty thousand hours, but it's unlikely you will develop the Unified Field Theory, or prove Riemann's theorem, or find the pattern of Poincare's manifolds. What Gladwell tries at all costs to gloss over, is that some genius is innate. Ashkenazi Jews, who are only about 0.1% of humanity, win 15% of all Nobel Prizes. Surely it's not because they work harder than the rest of us, because I betcha that Chinese and Vietnamese students work just as hard as Jewish boys, or perhaps even harder. But they have far less geniuses. Why? Gladwell never addresses this point. He also avoids addressing the disparity between exceptional men and exceptional women. Why aren't women chess masters competing with men chess masters? Unlike tennis or golf, physical strength is not required, only extreme brain power. But, just as genius is more abundant among Ashkenazi Jews, so it is more abundant in males than in females. Or rather, all extreme characteristics are more abundant in males than in females. There are more male idiots than female idiots, more male psychopaths than female ones, more extremely obese males than females -- but also more individual male geniuses than female ones. Nature experiments with the males-- and as far as geniuses go, with Ashkenazi Jews. No tens of thousands of hours of work will help as many women to compete in chess, as it would help men.  Gladwell, perhaps for personal reasons, attempts to show that anyone (including him) can be exceptional. This is a very American concept, but unfortunately it just isn't so. You can be very good, but a genius? Only if you were born one. So although Gladwell's thesis sells books in America (and in Americanized cultures),it also can cause a lot of heart ache-- not everyone can be a genius, no matter how hard he works. There's a point beyond which you can't go if you were not born to it.  Just ask Sallieri.
0393312836|5.0|No matter how many books I've read, A Clockwork Orange has been and I believe always will be my favorite book of all time. First and foremost, it is different from any other book you will read, ever. The first time I read it, I put it down halfway through because it was so difficult to follow. Anthony Burgess does a complete 180 on the English language (not something uncommon for him I have come to find out) and the characters in it speak in a made-up language throughout the entire book. Being me and hating to leave a book unfinished no matter how terrible it is, I had to come back to it some 6 months or so later and start re-reading it from the beginning.  You start picking up the language that is used and the book becomes one of those can't-put-it-down, makes-you-rethink-your-life sort of book.   The main characters are early teen gang members who do some pretty horrifying things, yet when you read it you're not as horrified as you think you should be because you can sense that these are just kids and they don't understand the gravity of what they're doing, they think they're just having fun. They beat up the homeless, break into people's homes and rape innocent women, all in the name of good fun. Then they go home, drink some milk, listen to music, and don't think twice about the things they've done. But then on the other hand, that is exactly what IS so horrifying about it. A part I like about it also is that these kids are not getting drunk or using drugs and then going out and ruining their lives, this is just the way they are, they actually enjoy it. Anthony Burgess does a great job of not letting you think of these kids as perverted juvenile delinquents, you can't help but like them, and sometimes feel sorry for them.    This book is well worth the effort that must be put forth to enjoy it- If you have trouble halfway through, start over, YOU WON'T BE SORRY.
B003CFBQBW|4.0|Let me state upfront that I am not a fan of the Twilight Saga movies (saw the first movie, have not seen the second one, and no plans to see the upcoming one), but last year's \\"New Moon\\" indie-compilation was a fabulous album (with Thom Yorke's contribution as the stunning highlight). Now comes the new compilation.<br /><br />\\"The Twilight Sage: Eclipse\\" (15 tracks; 60 min.) continues in the vein of the \\"New Moon\\" compilation (no idea how many of these songs are actually used in the movie, so let's not call it a soundtrack). The highlights are many: from Metric's opening track, the sullen \\"Eclipse (All Yours)\\", on it goes with The Bravery's hard-charging \\"Ours\\". Florence + the Machine's \\"Heavy In Your Arms\\" is one of the very best tracks, period. The good surprises keep coming: check out Sia's beautiful \\"My Love\\" (not a cover of the Paul McCartney song), and The Dead Weather's dark \\"Rolling on a Burning Tire\\". But another absolute highlight is the Beck/Bat for Lashes duet \\"Let's Get Lost\\", just stunning. Another surprise for me was the very appealing UNCLE (feat. the Black Angels) track \\"With You In My Head\\" (I am a big Black Angels fan).<br /><br />Some of the lesser songs on here for me are Muse's \\"Neutron Star Collision (Love Is Forever)\\", surely not their best stuff, and the Band of Horses' \\"Life On Earth\\", which is ok, but not memorable. But those are minor quibbs, and while perhaps slightly below the \\"New Moon\\" compilation, in all this is another great collection of indie-rock. If you like indie-rock, you will love this compilation, period.
B0019N8P2W|5.0|I ADORED the Daria series when it was on MTV and was ELATED when they finally released the series on DVD! Best show ever! Thank you MTV for bringing all of us Daria fans back to our happy, sarcastic state once again!!!
B003BKF696|5.0|\\"I was carried - to Ohio in a swarm of bees\\".<br /><br />I am loving that lyric. It's a stand-out line from the National song \\"Bloodbuzz Ohio\\", which might be the centerpiece of their new album, 'High Violet'. But there are many highlights on this disk.<br /><br />Actually, I'm loving the disk too - and you know how I really don't like much of anything, so that's kind of saying something, no?<br /><br />Folks - we have a contender for the best release of 2010 !!!!!!<br /><br />If Arcade Fire doesn't completely hit it out of the park with their disk in two months, the National might take the title for this year.<br /><br />Back in 1987, my friend Jon once told me about my music choices, \\"it's good.....but down\\" or was it, \\"it's down.....but good\\". Either way, you get where he was coming from; and where I come from. If I were a teenage girl, I'd just go for the Bell Jar set to music.<br /><br />Matt Berninger's tenor (and sometimes baritone) is riveting and haunting. When I first listened to the new disk, I wanted to stay put and turn away all at the same time. But in reality, I'm totally captivated.<br /><br />I'd say the group isn't like anything you've heard before, but that's not entirely true. While they are not like Arcade Fire exactly, you can see some similar elements, but it mostly the lead vocal. AF, musically, can throw in everything and the kitchen sink - along with a running disposal. Not so much with the National.<br /><br />On first listen, you might say the disk goes fairly minimalist, but the subtle layers only make you think that. When you really listen, it's pretty hypnotic and captivating. I can reference many of the songs, but \\"Runaway\\" comes to mind with the mostly a guitar and slowly swelling trumpets.<br /><br />Lyrically, they are all over it. \\"Bloodbuzz Ohio\\", which I referenced at the beginning of this review, is great, but by no means the only one. Take \\"Conversation 16\\" with \\"I'll tell you miserable things after you are asleep\\" and \\"I was afraid....I'd eat your......brain\\". That last lyric isn't so much the words as the phrasing and almost lack of intonation in the vocal.<br /><br />I'm a big fan of \\"England\\", \\"Sorrow\\", \\"Anyone's Ghost\\", \\"Afraid of Everyone\\" - actually of most every song. The only one that doesn't jump out for me is \\"Vanderlyle Crybaby Geeks\\", even though it's a great title.<br /><br />I go back and forth to what my favourite song on the disk. I shouldn't say, because it changes on every listen. That's not a bad thing - as I swear I hear new things each time. But at this very moment, \\"Conversation 16\\" might be it.<br /><br />If you listen casually, you might say all the songs sound the same.  They don't.  For the most part, the tempo does, at least seemingly, but that's not really true either.<br /><br />'High Violet' isn't necessarily a background music kind of album, it is a sit and listen to it kind of disk.  I think after you get to know it, it could make an amazing background kind of record. Admittedly I have only played it on myiPod, but am dying to get it on a full stereo system.<br /><br />I hope you give it a chance.  I don't praise too many disks here, but this is one of them.  Now I need to check out their back catalog.rds as the phrasing and almost lack of intonation in the vocal.    I'm a big fan of \\"England\\", \\"Sorrow\\", \\"Anyone's Ghost\\", \\"Afraid of Everyone\\" - actually of most every song. The only one that doesn't jump out for me is \\"Vanderlyle Crybaby Geeks\\", even though it's a great title.    I go back and forth to what my favourite song on the disk. I shouldn't say, because it changes on every listen. That's not a bad thing - as I swear I hear new things each time. But at this very moment, \\"Conversation 16\\" might be it.    If you listen casually, you might say all the songs sound the same.  They don't.  For the most part, the tempo does, at least seemingly, but that's not really true either.    'High Violet' isn't necessarily a background music kind of album, it is a sit and listen to it kind of disk.  I think after you get to know it, it could make an amazing background kind of record. Admittedly I have only played it on myiPod, but am dying to get it on a full stereo system.    I hope you give it a chance.  I don't praise too many disks here, but this is one of them.  Now I need to check out their back catalog.
B000FS9FCQ|5.0|I just wanted to drop a quick line and say that this is one of my all time favorite movies. Revenge stories are great and this one is overwhelmingly one of the best out there.
B001UNSZSA|5.0|I know I'm in the minority here when I say this is my favorite Doors album. It's more than that actually - I CHERISH this album. It ranks in my Top 5 of all albums of ANY genre. And Wishful Sinful, along with the title song, are probably my all-time favorite Doors songs. Yes, there is some lounge singing on this album along with substantial orchestration, but as it turns out, Morrison was exceptionally good at it, and I think adds to the album's varied and sometimes wacky writing. No groove here - they were all over the place.<br /><br />Audio Fidelity, the company that produced this remaster, has been causing me to lose my religion of late; releasing remasters that either aren't superior to all previous CD versions of a title, or just barely surpassing them. Worst of all, there has been verifiable compression and limiting on a few of their releases, and those are huge no-no's for an audiophile label. This title is one of those sinners. And although it's only employed minimally, you have to wonder what they were thinking. People are rightfully upset about this.<br /><br />That said, this gold disc is the best sounding CD version of The Soft Parade to date, and the compression isn't noticeable. The old versions sound muddy, especially the bass, compared to this one. This sounds more detailed and hi-res, and the bass sounds taut. I also didn't detect any of the shrillness that has plagued a couple of songs on side one (the first half of the disc) of previous versions.<br /><br />All-in-all, it is a very enjoyable listen, and I'm extremely grateful to have this superior sounding version of one of my favorite albums.
B002ZG977Y|4.0|I really enjoyed this movie.     It seems that the bulk of the negative reviews fall into two categories: 1. It wasn't as good as the original. 2. It wasn't true to the Greek legend.    Well,  I didn't see the original.  I know the legend but not in great detail.  I think movies can stand on their own merits.    I'm a fan special effects, especially creatures, and this movie had excellent effects and great creatures -- Medusa, very cool. I'm also a fan of costume dramas, especially the Sword and Sandal genre. The costumes, sets, and atmospherics in general were excellent. The gloomy look and moody score were superb -- not like the bright sunny Greece of real life but quite appropriate for a time of war with the gods. The acting was really good too -- with all those great Brits and Aussies, you can't go wrong. The action was quick and well choreographed.    My only regret was that the story and the dialog could have been richer, snappier, punched up a notch, less predictable, and the characters could have used more personality -- those fine actors could have handled anything.    All in all an enjoyable film.
1881273377|5.0|This book is a must for all marriages and relationships............Alot of info and I believe if you have these tools, your marriage will be great.
0385335482|3.0|This book is light and airy fun--a chick-lit romp through the mind of Rebecca Bloomwood, a girl who is only happy when she's spending money she doesn't really have. There was something a little seductive about the story. It made me want to run to the nearest boutique and start spending with reckless abandon. Luckily, the details about Rebecca's debt and financial troubles were an antidote. Sometimes, Rebecca's serial ditsiness was a little annoying, but by the end of the book she seemed to be headed on the right track. I say \\"headed\\" because the ending was unsatisfyingly vague--no doubt to leave room for the multiple sequels that the author has already published. I saw the movie version of this before I read this book, and as is usually the case, the book is much better than the very silly movie, but I doubt I'll be reading any of the sequels. A little of Rebecca goes a long way--and anyway, I'd hate to catch the shopaholic disease from her.
B0039UTDA6|1.0|I don't know why the Discovery Channel insist on buying BBC programmes then -- after massively dumbing down the script -- getting someone who hasn't the first clue on the subject to narrate. They made the same mistake with Planet Earth and replacing Attenborough with Sigourney Weaver.    Attenborough has been doing nature shows for the BBC since the 1950s and has had a passion for natural sciences since he was a child. Oprah is a talk show host.    Don't buy this knock-off, get the Attenborough version and get narration from someone who's been in the business since the start.
B001DJLCRC|5.0|I saw the first show/pilot and was hooked.  Went ahead and ordered the whole first season.  I don't regret it.  we watched the first season in about 3 days.  It is one of those shows, that if you like it, it is very addictive.  Characters are extremely well developed and played by the actors.  If you liked complex, well developed character shows that are a bit absurd (ie., Six feet under, Deadwood, the Sopranos), then you will really like this series.  we are now on Amazon on demand, Season two of the show
B0002TJGQS|4.0|Great price for lithium button style batteries.  Don't know how long they will last but not my favorite brand which is Energizer.  However, these batteries are doing the job.
0446567337|4.0|I just finished reading Dear John last night and I was so drained by the end.  It was a great book that lit so many emotions.  I now have read two of Sparks' books which inclued The Last Song.  I loved the way Dear John was written and I felt as if I was a part of the story which lends to an excellent author!  I was so upset with the ending though.  I guess all romances don't end in happiness.  But, here John learns so many lessons.  I would love to see a Dear John, The Sequel.  I want to see Savannah with John and a happy ending for both.  She still loved him and he still loved her and to complete all the emotions that Sparks' takes his reader through I feel he should publish another Dear John book part 2 with twists and turns but a happy, fulfilling ending.  \\"Sigh\\", I'm so drained from this novel! I want to see them together!
B0036B8MXC|4.0|\\"Spartacus\\" is chock-full of gratuitous sex, nudity, CGI blood/gore, derivative production, and predictability.  So unabashedly over the top... and one of the most satisfying viewing experiences I've seen.
B003CIG7AE|4.0|I am not familiar with this band so I can't say if this is their best album. This album is a mixture of soft pop with spacey arrangements, but I couldn't help but hear small elements of ELO, Yes (Trevor Rabin era), Crosby, Still and Nash etc. in their catchy melodies. I'm not saying these guys are a progressive band, but I could hear some familiar melodies in their songs. I'm a musician, so maybe I hear things some others won't hear. Considering the amount of bands that sound the same these days, it's refreshing to hear a band that sounds a little bit different.
B000SEHG5U|5.0|Whether you're atheist or not this book is a very compelling read.  Today's religious tensions are being brought to the forefront of world culture and understanding the point of view of those who see religion as a major problem is essential to a rounded world view.
0375826742|2.0|As a big fan of the first two books, I anxiously awaited the third installment.  Usually when I get a book, I can't put it down until it's finished.  Not so with this one.  I could not get into the story.  I don't want to slam the author's writing style, which I don't mind.  But I do agree with a couple of the reviewers who wrote about the weak characters.  The strongest relationship in the book is between Saphira and Eragon.  I love their interactions together.  But boy do I get tired of hearing Eragon moon over Arya.  I realize he is a teenager with a crush, but I would like to see a lead brought in for him that can be a more appropriate love interest.  Also, I didn't mind the change in Roran as so many did.  I thought it was a good representation of what happens when a simple farm boy is forced to grow up and become a man and lead.  I believe that he has actually earned his leadership, whereas Eragon really hasn't. I wish more time was spent on Murtgah.  I would love to see a relationship deepen between him and nasdua.  All in all, I feel like I could have skipped this book.  All it did was frustrate me, with its' lack of movement in the storyline and the lack of growth of the characters.  I will read the fourth installment in the hopes that he can bring the story to a satisfactory close, but with the set up from this book, I don't have too high of hopes.
030726999X|5.0|Loved this book, as I did the other two. Great storytelling. Great drama. Great characters, especially Salander a tough, brave, brainy wasp of a \\"girl\\".
0060989157|5.0|I really loved this book. Took me 2 weeks to read it only because I have a 1 year old, but honestly I could have read it in 3 days. I even went as far as buying some of their music on iTunes to remember the \\"good old days\\".  Listening to their music made me remember my high schools days of rebellion..lol. I hope you enjoy this book as much as I did.
B003HE2B6C|5.0|If you liked \\"This Time Around\\", chances are you'll love \\"Shout It Out\\".  The last two Hanson albums (\\"The Walk\\" and \\"Underneath\\") were gentler and more introspective, but \\"Shout It Out\\" is an upbeat party for the ears.  Taylor's voice is as fabulous as ever, and he sings lead on most of the tracks.      The brothers' lean, tight core is supplemented by a fat, funky horn section on several tracks, notably \\"Thinkin' 'Bout Somethin'\\" and \\"Voice in the Chorus\\".  Musically, Hanson does what they do best--gospel-tinged vocals, bluesy riffs and classic rock rhythms dripping with pop hooks and catchy choruses that you can't get out of your head.  Lyrically, things are a bit lighter than in recent years--no African orphans appear on this album--with the notable exception of the ballad \\"Me, Myself,and I\\", which is the darkest of the songs on this collection.
0802798225|4.0|\\"Uptown girl<br />She's been living in her uptown world<br />I bet she never had an back street guy...\\"<br /><br />Perfect Chemistry is a story that's been told time and time again, from Grease to Billy Joel. But that doesn't necessarily mean that a new take on the classic tale can't be fresh and interesting. Perfect Chemistry was an entrancing, page-turning romance.<br /><br />Brittany Ellis and Alex Fuente are two people you'd never expect to get along. Brittany is the girl with everything - looks, money, grades, popularity. Alex is poor, stand-offish, and a gang member. Much to their horror, their chemistry teacher makes them partners for their senior year. They soon learn that there's more to each person than it appears on the surface. I think it's the fact that both of have secret inner lives that attracts them to one another. Brittany doesn't really want to be perfect; she chafes under her mother's pressure. She cares most about her sister with cerebral palsy. Alex doesn't like being a gang member. He wants to succeed in life - professionally and personally. First and foremost though, he wants to protect his family.<br /><br />I love the style of this book. It's told in short chapters alternating character. Elkeles creates distinct voices for Brittany and Alex, but both seem entirely in keeping with their characters. Alex's voice is particularly interesting. Dialogue is interspersed with Spanish. His life of poverty and violence seems very realistic. I particularly loved the portrayal of Shelly, Brittany's sister. There aren't nearly enough good portrayals of mentally disabled characters in YA lit. Through Brittany's eyes we see not only Shelly's disabilities, but also her fun, vibrant personality. Alex and Brittany's relationship does develop quickly but not instantaneously. Each page of the book was another step that brought them closer together; there wasn't just one magic falling in love moment. It seemed much more realistic than many books.<br /><br />I have a few quibbles about the story. First, I thought sex was too important to the story. I liked how Brittany didn't want to have sex until it felt special and right. But the book still makes sex seem like the most important part of a relationship. I'm not opposed to sexuality in YA lit, but I don't think it should be glorified as the end-all, be-all. But then again, YA lit isn't meant to be moralistic tales and the attitude toward sex reflects how many teens feel.<br /><br />*Minor Spoilers*<br /><br />Several reviews I've read don't like the ending - saying things were just wrapped up too neatly. I really liked how Brittany and Alex's relationship ends up. I'm a sucker for a happy ending. I did not like how Brittany and her parents settled out their issues. It just seemed too fake and TV movie-ish for me.<br /><br />All in all, an excellent book with two likeable characters. I cheered for Brittany and Alex from the first to the last page.rst, I thought sex was too important to the story. I liked how Brittany didn't want to have sex until it felt special and right. But the book still makes sex seem like the most important part of a relationship. I'm not opposed to sexuality in YA lit, but I don't think it should be glorified as the end-all, be-all. But then again, YA lit isn't meant to be moralistic tales and the attitude toward sex reflects how many teens feel.    *Minor Spoilers*    Several reviews I've read don't like the ending - saying things were just wrapped up too neatly. I really liked how Brittany and Alex's relationship ends up. I'm a sucker for a happy ending. I did not like how Brittany and her parents settled out their issues. It just seemed too fake and TV movie-ish for me.    All in all, an excellent book with two likeable characters. I cheered for Brittany and Alex from the first to the last page.
B000002JOH|1.0|Whenever I read positive reviews for this Pantera album (and Pantera in general), it really boggles my mind as to why people think so highly of this rather derivative and inoffensive \\"metal\\" band.<br /><br />Before I logically deconstruct the music, I'd like to cover some history about Pantera so that people can get a larger picture than the band and fans would like people to know.  Pantera started off in 1981 and just about everyone knows that hair metal was one of the hottest music trends in the 80's and guess what, Pantera played hair metal.  However, unlike the insipid swill like Bon Jovi and Poison, Pantera never really went anywhere in the 80's.  Then again, do you really think a band with brilliant songs like \\"Ride my Rocket\\" and \\"Metal Magic\\" would ever get anywhere beyond the drunken nightclubs in Arlington, Texas?  As the 80's were getting towards the end, Dimebag (then known as Diamond) Darrell knew they had to find a way to change the band so they would survive the upcoming 90's, so they kicked out original vocalist Terry Glaze and roped in New Orleans native Phil Anselmo, who also brought an Exhorder demo and told his new band mates to water down Exhorder's sound and market it as their own.  Guess what?  It was a smash success!!  I know that in the world of metal bands, bands put up some sort of image as part of their aesthetic and don't really believe what they say (unless if we're talking about Varg Vikernes of Burzum), but when bands change their image and sound just to fit with the current trends, that screams phoniness.<br /><br />Now to the music.<br /><br />For an album that's supposed to be considered a \\"classic\\" and a \\"masterpiece,\\" I was extremely underwhelmed by the sheer lack of quality pervading on this record.  They took Exhorder's sound and diluted it to make it more digestible for the mainstream masses.  Exhorder was a good band, not masters in the genre, but at least they actually played thrash with a hint of NOLA sludge.  It's like Pantera took said sound, stripped away the thrash element (which was vital to Exhorder's formula), and replaced it with sluggish, groovy, and repetitive downtuned chugging to make the songs seem \\"heavy,\\" completed with the occasional \\"burst of aggression\\" to make it seem \\"tough\\" and \\"brutal.\\"  Now I don't have a problem with metal bands using slower, downtuned guitars so long as they actually craft good,  heavy riffs.  Examples of bands doing this right would be Black Sabbath, Cathedral, Ahab, and Asphyx (referring to each of their prime work, of course).  However, Pantera don't use their downtuned instruments to make good songs.  A fine example of this sonic flatulence would be the song \\"Walk.\\"  It has the repetitive and ultra-silly start-stop chugging, and the fact that this swill is quite slow makes it all the more laughable when people actually label it as \\"heavy.\\"  For all of you who champion Pantera as some great band yet pan equally detestable (if not more so) nu-metal feces like Slipknot, Korn, and the Deftones, take a look at where these imbeciles got their ideas from.  The first wave of nu-metal bands loved Pantera's sluggish, repetitive chugging that passes off as \\"heavy riffs\\" and they loved their angst-laden lyrics about how much they hate life (while some others strut around as being tough).  Granted, while Pantera wasn't nu-metal, they essentially laid out the groundwork for that detestable form of music.  While there are some songs like \\"Mouth for War\\" and \\"F***ing Hostile\\" that crank up the speed, making them more tolerable, they're still coupled with the sluggish guitars, and it doesn't help that the production is too clean and sterile for a metal record, taking away any sort of grittiness that could have helped these songs out.  As much as I hate to say it, Dimebag was capable crafting good guitar solos (not great ones, though).  However, his riffs were terrible and if you want good metal songs, you need good riffs to start and to complement them, you can bring in good solos.  Even though Dimebag's solos were pretty good, I can easily get my fix for cool solos satiated by popping in a MUCH superior metal album that has both great riffs and excellent solos, such as Megadeth's \\"Rust in Peace\\" or Deicide's \\"The Stench of Redemption.\\"  Now to the vocals.  I really hate Phil Anselmo's vocals because he tries to be \\"diverse\\" by doing really bad pseudo-death growls, really bad hardcore shouting, and singing melodically (and badly).  It's bad enough that he's trying to sound like the toughest guy from New Orleans, but when he tries to sing in order to look \\"emotional\\" and whatnot, it comes off as hilariously pathetic.  The lyrics don't help \\"Vulgar Display of Power\\" one bit, either.  It's the banal swill about the band screaming \\"We're the toughest mofos down in these here parts and if you get in our way, we'll kick your as$!!\\" with the occasional \\"singing\\" about damaged relationships (yuck).  All around, save for some neat guitar solos, this album is worthless.<br /><br />For those of you who think that \\"Vulgar Display of Power\\" is the best album of 1992, here's a short list of metal albums that came out in 1992 that are light-years better (and yes, I own all of them):<br /><br />Nocturnus:  Thresholds<br />Demolition Hammer:  Epidemic of Violence<br />Solstice:  S/T<br />Asphyx:  Last One on Earth<br />Immortal:  Diabolical Fullmoon Mysticism<br />Darkthrone:  A Blaze in the Northern Sky<br />Hypocrisy:  Penetralia<br />Pan.Thy.Monium:  Dawn of Dreams<br />Atrocity:  Todessehnsucht<br />Sodom:  Tapping the Vein<br />Deicide:  Legion<br />Vital Remains:  Let Us Pray<br />Napalm Death:  Utopia Banished<br />Unleashed:  Shadows in the Deep<br /><br />Do yourself a favor by referring to the above list to bolster your metal collection and let the copies of \\"Vulgar Display of Power\\" collect dust on the store shelf.solos.  Even though Dimebag's solos were pretty good, I can easily get my fix for cool solos satiated by popping in a MUCH superior metal album that has both great riffs and excellent solos, such as Megadeth's \\"Rust in Peace\\" or Deicide's \\"The Stench of Redemption.\\"  Now to the vocals.  I really hate Phil Anselmo's vocals because he tries to be \\"diverse\\" by doing really bad pseudo-death growls, really bad hardcore shouting, and singing melodically (and badly).  It's bad enough that he's trying to sound like the toughest guy from New Orleans, but when he tries to sing in order to look \\"emotional\\" and whatnot, it comes off as hilariously pathetic.  The lyrics don't help \\"Vulgar Display of Power\\" one bit, either.  It's the banal swill about the band screaming \\"We're the toughest mofos down in these here parts and if you get in our way, we'll kick your as$!!\\" with the occasional \\"singing\\" about damaged relationships (yuck).  All around, save for some neat guitar solos, this album is worthless.    For those of you who think that \\"Vulgar Display of Power\\" is the best album of 1992, here's a short list of metal albums that came out in 1992 that are light-years better (and yes, I own all of them):    Nocturnus:  Thresholds  Demolition Hammer:  Epidemic of Violence  Solstice:  S/T  Asphyx:  Last One on Earth  Immortal:  Diabolical Fullmoon Mysticism  Darkthrone:  A Blaze in the Northern Sky  Hypocrisy:  Penetralia  Pan.Thy.Monium:  Dawn of Dreams  Atrocity:  Todessehnsucht  Sodom:  Tapping the Vein  Deicide:  Legion  Vital Remains:  Let Us Pray  Napalm Death:  Utopia Banished  Unleashed:  Shadows in the Deep     Do yourself a favor by referring to the above list to bolster your metal collection and let the copies of \\"Vulgar Display of Power\\" collect dust on the store shelf.
B0007MWZEK|1.0|I agree with the majority of the reviews - the battery life is horrible.  It worked great when the battery was charged, but after a bit the battery would no longer charge no matter how long I kept it plugged in.  I finally trashed the whole thing.
0446563048|5.0|Delivering Happiness - a path to profits, passion, and purpose    Tony Hsieh CEO, Zappos      The title caught my eye when deciding to review first book by Tony Hsieh, CEO, Zappos. It had potential to be a book I could relate too.    I gave my details Wednesday; a speedily 2 days later Delivering Happiness arrived on my doorstep from the USA. Immediately I knew customers mattered to Zappos. I was to learn that Customer Service lies at the heart of the company - practice in line with ethics!    Tony Hsieh's conversational style is easy to read, engaging the reader in following his process. Lessons learnt and valuable business concepts are shared through personal storytelling of author and colleagues / staff.    I particularly enjoyed Section II Passion & Profits, Chapter 5 - Platform for Growth: Brand, Culture, Pipeline. Here Tony Hsieh outlines Zappos core philosophies - WOW customer service, positive vendor relationship, happiness of employers, blended company culture, transparency and sharing. For once I was reading exactly what I believe. Customer experience is paramount and embracing a wider movement for people to belong, based on core values that can truly be lived.    For an entrepreneur currently beginning a new phase in business life, it is an ideal moment to read `Delivering Happiness'. It helped me reflect on past ventures and focus new ideas. All entrepreneurial paths differ but fundamentals remain the same...    ...being open to ideas and trusting something will develop. Knowing that like-minded individuals exist and can collaborate, making dreams a reality for the better! Tony Hsieh provides valuable insight in to the mind of an entrepreneur. As a UK reader, the American references can sometimes be an obstacle. However, it is worth overcoming for the gems!     I would definitely recommend Delivering Happiness as an affirmation of positive growth in the wider business and personal vision for all individuals to consider.       Delivering Happiness is launched this week. For more info please visit:    [...].    Juliette Llewellyn's review from: [...].
B00362DRNG|5.0|Finally got around to enjoying this collector's edition and boy am I mad I waiting so long to listen to it!  Have never been a huge fan of demos and studio takes, as they are usually so rough and the quality is sub par at best  - this is not the case here. All the demos, etc. are amazing to listen to and it's such a rare treat to hear music as it was originally produced and then see it changed before it was laid down on vinly so many years ago. Case in point, Tel Aviv! Why did this version no appear on the original album? Could not believe how great the lyrics were, the sounds - and for the first time in my life I finally felt sorry for Andy as he was never allowed to be the rocker he wanted to be - and Tel Aviv is a great showcase of his young talent.  When i first heard Secret Oktober I was mad this did not appear on Seven and the Ragged Tiger, now add the original Tel Aviv to the history of missed opportunities.  The videos are amazing as well. Planet Earth Club Mix was a sight to behold. You can just look @ the crowd and know this was a moment in time captured by an unknown source. The New Romantic gear and make-up and the dancing...sigh... what a wonderful time! Just to see the group so young, so full of energy and to know what their musicla legacy would become is awesome.  The only problem I've got at all is the inclusion of the same songs over and over again. How many Girls on Film live sets do we need? would love to have seen To The Shore performed live or a demo of that song as well.  Overall any fan new or old should grab this set as its gold - pure GOLD!
B0030BOCEG|5.0|First off, I should admit that I am a total lunatic fan for the band. At first I found the album very different, but then the more I listened to it the more I liked/appreciated it.  I got the version with the accompanying acoustic disc which is wonderful.  The melodies are more subtle and more sophisticated but as someone who also likes Captain BeefHeart and Robert Wyatt I don't necessarily need to sing along.  The thing that just astounds me about HIM's music is that it always seems to be sitting in my subconscious and I find myself humming a line out of the blue.  It is the same with this album.  Disarm me with your Loneliness is just awesome. I think this is their best work yet from a purely musical standpoint.  Well done guys! Love you always.
B002SJIO5E|5.0|District 9, science-fiction at its absolute BEST, revolves around the attempts to relocate aliens, currently living in slum conditions in Johannesburg, South Africa, to a more suitable place - living alongside humans has obviously deteriorated. A bureaucrat,Wikus, appointed by his father-in-law, is tapped to lead the relocation efforts. Unfortunately, in the process, he becomes infected with the DNA of the aliens. (oh you KNOW the South African government has been performing \\"tests\\" to study the aliens!) Of course, Wikus will eventually turn into one of the aliens and the government wants/needs to \\"harvest\\" his body parts all, of course, for the sake of science.<br /><br />The movie is intense, gritty, and disgusting.  It pretty much evokes the same emotions in the viewer which is where the power of the movie lies.  It takes the viewer on a VERY uncomfortable review of one's own biases/prejudices/apprehensions. In the beginning I was horrified watching the amount of firepower humans enlisted to implement the relocation policy thus making me dislike Wikus almost immediately - especially since he benefited (for lack of a better word) solely because of nepotism.  I was immediately moved to support the aliens but, GEEZ, they're so ugly!!!<br /><br />Then Wikus becomes infected, becoming of intense interest to the South African scientific community, and becomes the hunted rather than the hunter. Now Wikus is as sympathetic as the aliens and thank god, not NEARLY so ugly.<br /><br />It was INDEED startling to be reduced to making assumptions about someone SOLELY on the basis of how they looked.  The aliens here are quite intelligent. Moreover, they only want to get back to their own planet and have no ill-will toward humans, unless, of course, provoked. So in most cases they do NOT deserve the inhuman (no pun intended) treatment they are often subjected to.<br /><br />Their just god-awful ugly!!  And it is disconcerting to have to admit AND deal with this.  Compound this with a language barrier and we find ourselves looking at some veeeeeeeeeery similar situations we find ourselves in in our everyday lives.<br /><br />The special effects are mind-boggling and the interactions between aliens and humans recalls social conditions we are all entirely too familiar with.  Yes, it uncomfortably evokes the reasonings behind immigration, integration, segregation, minorities, cultures/situations we are unfamiliar with, and forces us to take an historical perspective of just how well (or how badly) we have dealt with similar situations.<br /><br />The movie is fast-paced, action-packed, gross, poignant, revolting, and THOROUGHLY entertaining. It is reminiscent of the best that the Twilight Zone and Outer Limits had to offer and quite frankly, trying to categorize the movie not only is difficult but ultimately unfair.<br /><br />Hands down - one of the BEST movies of ANY genre I have ever seen.<br /><br />Oooooooh yeah.....I INDEED recommend!find ourselves looking at some veeeeeeeeeery similar situations we find ourselves in in our everyday lives.    The special effects are mind-boggling and the interactions between aliens and humans recalls social conditions we are all entirely too familiar with.  Yes, it uncomfortably evokes the reasonings behind immigration, integration, segregation, minorities, cultures/situations we are unfamiliar with, and forces us to take an historical perspective of just how well (or how badly) we have dealt with similar situations.    The movie is fast-paced, action-packed, gross, poignant, revolting, and THOROUGHLY entertaining. It is reminiscent of the best that the Twilight Zone and Outer Limits had to offer and quite frankly, trying to categorize the movie not only is difficult but ultimately unfair.    Hands down - one of the BEST movies of ANY genre I have ever seen.    Oooooooh yeah.....I INDEED recommend!
B003CFBQBW|5.0|Being a huge Twilight fan and liked the first two soundtracks I honestly really enjoy this one the most of the three. If your a fan or not it's a great mix of songs ! So buy !
B001GCUO5W|5.0|(uh, could someone tell me how on earth did this miss at least honorable mention at the Oscars!!??!)<br /><br />The latest outing by the incomparable Scorcese is this woooooooooooooooooonderful mind-play, multi-layered film with Leonardi DiCaprio playing the \\"rat in a maze\\" to perfection.<br /><br />The simple plot revolves around a federal investigator who is sent to this insane asylum to investigate the disappearance of one of the patients. As it turns out, this is the ONLY simple thing about the film.<br /><br />This is an intriguing, thought-provoking, visually captivating tapestry that explores the recesses of the mind in an intensely driven psychological torture chamber the likes I haven't seen since \\"Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?\\".<br /><br />Looking at this also brings to mind the aaaaaaaaaaawwwwwwwwwwesome acting chops of Leonardi DiCaprio.  Here he is off the chain as the federal investigator whose life is crumbling all around him and his performance here evokes memories of the positively flawless performance he gave in \\"What's Eating Gilbert Grape?.\\" I simply forgot how good an actor DiCaprio is!<br /><br />Top-notch film exquisitely directed and containing beaauuuuuuuutiful dream sequences that reveal the source of DiCaprio's angst. Scorcese's expert direction creates an anxious mood that propels the viewer throughout the film while Leonardo DiCaprio brilliantly realizes the troubled investigator.<br /><br />I hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiighly recommend!!!
1423113497|5.0|Sent these books to my grandsons (ages 9 and 12) and I understand that they thoroughly enjoyed them.  Now need to pick up books 4 and 5 for them
0671004107|4.0|I truly enjoyed the book--and would have enjoyed it more, I'm sure if I had not seen the movie first.  So with that caveat, let me proceed....    Sagan has truly done a good job of showing how it COULD happen.  It makes sense...though at places it can drag just a bit.  The large passage of time (the main part of the story takes place over 12 years) is not readily apparent to the reader.  Is it weeks, months, a year, or years that have gone by?    However, I give great credit to Sagan (of whom I was under the impression was an atheist, certainly an agnostic) for ultimately \\"playing fair\\" with religion.  In multiple passages he uses his characters to skewer or belittle fundamental Christianity, yet he also displays respect (again, through his characters) for some very intelligent people who are thoughtful and practicing Christians.    Ultimately, we find that the whole alien interaction serves as an analogy to religion.  That is, things that are certain on the personal level cannot be \\"proven\\" to others' satisfaction.  Deep truths and heartfelt emotions are looked upon with great skepticism by others.  Just as Ellie, the main character, has done with religion.      It leaves us wondering if perhaps our current religions came about the same way.  Or perhaps that there are truths that are not accessible to all...except by believing the report of those who have experienced such things.      And the fact that the \\"real\\" builders of the universe are unknown, even to the highly advanced civilizations of other worlds...well, that smacks of \\"God\\" in some shape or form.    All in all, a wonderful read (though sometimes it gets a bit bogged down in technical arcana--but that may be because I saw the movie).  I recommend it to skeptics and believers alike.
B0030BYWKK|3.0|I thought Van was a brilliant album and I felt that it was going to be nearly impossible to follow it up with an album of the same quality.I have now listened to Courage about a dozen times and I come away feeling like the magic and beautiful story telling of Van  disappeared into thin air. Midlake may have taken a different road with the new album but it may end up being a lonely road for a band that hinted at greatness.   When I first put Courage into my player I was very excited, but after realizing that nearly every song sounded almost exactly like the opening track my enthusiasm went downhill. This is story telling at it's most boring and seemingly uninspired level. I hope that maybe someday they can find the inspiration that led up to such a (CLASSIC) album like Van  and tap into that greatness once again.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|Love this movie better not in 3D (just personal preference makes me dizzy. Colors and designs are amazing.
B00138CYRK|5.0|Just on the merits of the lyrics alone, this is a great album, but throw in some beautiful music too and this is an all-time classic album.  Yes its dark, but you can blame Springsteen?  His muse, working class Jersey was going through some tough times in late 70s, which he seems to probe while providing some hope, just listen to the acme of this album, \\"Promised Land\\".  Third verse of the song's lyrics provide such defiance in the face of tough times (something that still rings true today)...    \\"Gonna be a twister to blow everything down  That ain't got the faith to stand its ground  Blow away the dreams that tear you apart  Blow away the dreams that break your heart  Blow away the lies that leave you nothing but lost and brokenhearted.\\"     But the amazing thing is that after completing this great album, Springsteen examines how rough life can be for the working class in his next two albums, which are also fantastic.  Just consider the lyrics for \\"The River\\" on The River, and then \\"State Trooper\\" and \\"Reason to Believe\\" on Nebraska. Springsteen's later stuff is good, but with the exception of The Rising, it never reach the depth and beauty that Springsteen expresses about the concerns of the US during tough times as he was able to write and sing in Darkness on The Edge of Town.  Besides \\"Badlands\\", \\"Prove it all night\\", and \\"Something in the Night\\" would be masterpieces on any other album.
1577314808|5.0|I don't claim to be a big internalist or someone that is overly aware of my central being, but this book has introduced me to a whole new side of myself I didn't know existed.    My yoga teacher suggested to the class that we read this after she performed a couple of focusing exercises, and I have to say, it's one of the best books I've read in a long time.  With all of the distractions in life, it's really hard to focus on the here and now, but I'm hoping that by reading and re-reading this book, I can keep myself grounded.    A definite must read for those with work cluttered brains!
B000AADYUI|4.0|Back in the circles in which I sometimes circled, this was considered a rather cool record. Had more Airplanes been at the Airport it might have been even better--has a bit of the hip sideguyitis that runs through. However, it has a forward looking bent and is quite worthy even if some doodling fell in. I still find it enjoyable--though in my current circles I'm probably the only one.
B0019M2ITY|4.0|This watch is modern, small and the crystal accessories makes it a good choice, and has a good price.<br /><br />For the price this watch is a good choice, Nothing exuberant, simple, modern, and looks good.
0786868724|4.0|I enjoy Alboms writing style. His classic \\"Tuesdays with Morrie\\" was wonderful and that is why I bought this book. It is however somewhat similar to \\"Tuesdays\\", with a Rabbi instead of a professor. Nonetheless it is a good read and I recommend it.
B000244FDW|3.0|It follows the book pretty closely, more so than some of the other versions.  But again, as is with many BBC productions of these books, where is the feeling?  Where is the passion?  Darcy in this version is cold, and stiff, even AFTER we know he's fallen in love with Elizabeth.  The acting was not too bad, the set was was good.  There just isn't the \\"feeling\\" we get with the Ehle or the Knightly version.  I give it 3 stars because it was watchable and I did enjoy it.  Just not as much as the other two newer versions.
030726999X|4.0|The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest is a strong work overall, but I wonder if Larsson's untimely passing led to some editorial deficiencies.  The novel is at times overwritten.  I love Larsson's journalistic sense of detail and need to put everything in its historical and cultural context, but there were times when this went on too long and slowed everything down.<br /><br />On the positive side, this gives the novel so many layers that the mystery slowly peels away like the layers of an onion -- something most crime fiction fans will enjoy.<br /><br />I also thought there were a few plot contrivances that didn't work (If Salander tried to kill Zalachenko, why did the hospital place them just two rooms apart? If Zalachenko was such a head case/potential embarrassment, why didn't the \\"Zalchenko Club\\" simply have him rubbed out in the early 1980s, after his value as an intelligence source diminished?), and if Larsson had worked with an editor, they may have refined some of these points.<br /><br />Despite its flaws, the novel is a fitting conclusion to a great series and is better than a lot of crime fiction out there.  Larsson's fans have to read the book to find out what happens to Blomkvist and Salander.<br /><br />For those of you who haven't read the first two books in the series, you should do that before you read this novel.  There are too many references you just won't get without having followed the series from the beginning.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|This item arrived in perfect condition in only a couple of days.  I would definitely use this seller again.
B002VPE1B6|4.0|Im a bit disappointed honestly, I was expecting a lot better. What makes this lose points for me is the two parallel settings, Im sorry but I just didn't care to see any Humans, robots, Air crafts, or Lab Research at all or none of that irrelevant stuff. All I needed to see was Avatar!!, you know those little blue ppl, Thats what got me interested in watching this in the 1st place. This movie started off extremely slow because of that. Ofcourse, visually this was stunning but pretty much everything else is lacking. There wasnt enough focus for me, It had Its moments but It was inconsistent in a way. There was a lot that I just did not understand from the very get go, heck, I still have questions. This was a bit of a disappointment, the acting was nice but the story was generally weak. All in all this was pretty good, nothing great or genre defining though. Even with Its many short comings It was well worth the watch. 6-7/10 or 3.5.
B001GCUO5M|3.0|Goodfellas is undoubtedly when of my all time favorite top 5 films, maybe even 3.  I like most of the director's work but am by no means infatuated with him like some of the weird individuals posting he is god like.    In a nutshell, the Good:    1.  Visually this movie is tops - plenty of interesting set pieces, camera angles and deliveries, lighting, and design from the opening scene where I couldnt tell if the ocean was genuinely part of the scene or super imposed- maybe it was just me but Im assuming the director did that on purpose.  The sky in the movie reminded me of Cape Fear.  I also watched this movie in 1080 blu ray HD.    Set pieces are engaging, especially the \\"haunted house like\\" interior of the doctor's office/ library.    One of my favorite shots was at one point Leo is in this staircase that looks like an M C Escher print - possible tribute maybe? Cool!    2.  Sound and score fits the mood    3.  Acting is good enough but other attributes of the movie gripped me more.    4.  Story is interesting - its not formulaic like 80% of the US summer movie slate.    5.  Atmosphere and mood- the director knows whats he's doing here, and ill leave it at that.    Not so good    1.  Pace of the movie is choppy.  Film starts off building a noticeable uphill, sustained tension and intrigue until about halfway thru the movie at which point I felt the movie flat lined until the final 20 mins or so- dunno maybe it was just me.    2.  30 mins too long filled with too many drawn out flashback/ illusionary scenes.  Dont get me wrong, I enjoyed the numerous flashback scenes but felt they were all too long and drawn out.    3.  From above point, too many flashbacks.    A lot more positives than negatives, and I was captivated the entire time, even thru the slow middle, but the film seemed to be missing the oommphh that the Departed, Goodfellas, Taxi Driver, etc had.
1416550534|5.0|We've all read the slaves' diaries and stories of the immigrants who came indentured, but rarely, if ever, do we find a book telling of paid servants who were deemed invisible by the people they served.  They could move in and out of rooms and lives, be privy to the secrets and sorrows - but never acknowledged as \\"people\\".  This book gives you a time traveler's look at the \\"downstairs\\" of the great homes and money that built the world.  It is done through the eyes of a very old woman who remembers and tells her story from the age of 14 to death.  It lingers - it touches your soul and, as it should, it reveals a vaulted family secret at the end. You should open your book lover's diary and add Kate Morton to your authors list - near the top.  Her next book is due in November - pre-order.  She is a memorable writer.
B003CH8WZS|5.0|Having purchased the near totality of Hackett's catalogue, I can heartily recommend this latest work from the Master of Sonic Landscapes.  CD1 is totally new and features Steve's magnificent guitar sustain and imaginative acoustic runs.  CD2 highlights live performances with the exception of the final track.  Hackett's last few Prog endeavors, \\"To Watch The Storms\\" and \\"Wild Orchids,\\" are proof that Steve is the Grandmaster of all things guitar and OOTTM does not disapoint in the least.  Now that this gem has finally been released in the U.S., you have no reason not to add this to your collection for a decent price.  It is hard to believe that an album that has been recorded in someone's living room can sound so wickedly awesome. God Bless Steve Hackett!
006145205X|4.0|An extended argument that human intelligence and the well-being it allows is created, collected, maintained, distributed and extended by trade. Trade is \\"ideas having sex.\\" Ridley builds his case with point after point then examines all the usual counterexamples and objections, taking them out one by one. It's a wonderful book. Of course it helped that he was preaching to the choir with me. What's most delightful is Ridley's goodhearted skewering of pessimists -- the technological and environmentalist Jeremiahs in particular -- with the most obvious of weaknesses is their flimsy cases. He's almost embarrassed for them. Ridley is a bit repetitive at times, but maintains a wry humor and lighthearted tone throughout, which makes his writing all the more effective. He's a good writer and he's right about everything.
B0039UTDA6|1.0|This is the dumbed down version.  Get the one with David Attenborough.  This one is for junior high level of elementary school.
1423113381|4.0|My 9-year old son is selective and can be a hard sell to get started on a book or series.  After seeing the Percy Jackson movie, though, he jumped into those and really enjoyed them, and was very excited when he heard Mr. Riordan was starting another mythological-based series.  He's read this book through as well as listened multiple times to the audiobook version from Audible, and his only complaint is that the next book is not already available so that he can continue the story.
1906694176|5.0|I read the first book, and couldn't put it down.<br />I then read the second, at it was the same all over again.<br />When I read the third book, I was sad, because I knew there was no more to be had!
B002VPE1B6|3.0|It is a very entertaining movie, fun to watch.  But the best movie ever made?  Oh, please.  I didn't see it in 3-D, and if people say it's only great in 3-D, well that should tell you something.  The CG effects were pretty cool, especially the Na'vi creatures.  But everything else looked very cartoon-ish, including all the other native creatures and plants.  The night time scenery looked straight out of a Disneyland ride, full of florescent paint, like a black light poster from the 60's.  The script was dreadful.  I can't believe it was written by the same guy who did \\"Aliens\\" which had some of the wittiest dialog in a movie.  They were trying for the same effect here, but every word seemed forced and unnatural.  And another thing, why the African sounding score?  OK, one more thing.  Am I the only one who finds Sam Worthington extremely dull?
B000GKW4HG|5.0|This item goes great with my other 3 items from the same manufacturer Papo. It goes great with my T-Rex, Spinosauras,, and Triceratops. However if I can make one statement about he way the items were packaged can you please use bubble wrap instead of just putting the items in the box and putting packaging paper on top of them? The items were loose and not protected from rubbing and bouncing around in the box etc. Thanks.
B003AYPMCO|4.0|The CD is the British Steel one that was previously reissued as the Priest remastered range and contains all the same material.    The live DVD is superb, and covers them playing in FL in 2009 on the British Steel 30 Anniversary tour. It captures the Priest at their best and everyone is on excellent form. If you were able to attend this tour, then this is a must have, as it's like reliving the magic. The DVD could have been released on it's own, and easily stands up against Electric Eye.    The live CD is taken from the same tour and has less tracks than the DVD.    I give this 4* as at $32 it's a rip-off for a live Cd, as the live DVD and British Steel remaster can be had as a separate package for 1/2 the cost.
B001KOFH2G|5.0|I love the Firefly characters and thats what the show was all about. I like that they shed more light onto River's story. Just wanted to give some more support to this movie/series. I hope it comes back in some form one day.
B00275EHIM|5.0|What a great movie, filled with action and romance. Great acting as well. Loved the whole concept behind it. There was never a dull moment, keeping you on the edge of your seat at all times.<br /><br />Do you want an action packed story with adventure and just the right amount of romance threaded throughout...then this is the movie for you.
B002R0F3Q2|4.0|this album sounds like alicia is experimenting with a new direction and sound. some tracks sound really really good, such as \\"This Bed\\" and \\"Love is Blind\\" . Her new sound reminds me of the 80's. a lot of these songs clearly are inspired by her admiration for prince and i'm glad that she is trying something new.the only thing i was a little let down by was that for an album called the element of freedom i was expecting subject matter pertaining to her charity work, kinda like some michael jackson \\"heal the world\\" stuff but every song is about romantic love . i really wanted to lyrically hear something from her about the world because i've seen alicia on tv helping kids in africa. this album should be called \\"the element of love\\" because there is not one god damn song on here about freedom at all!! and also I HATE I HATE I HATE THE SONG WITH BEYONCE!!! WHY SHOULD ALICIA GET DOWN LIKE BEYONCE?! IT SHOULD BE BEYONCE GETTING DOWN LIKE ALICIA!!! oh well, thats not to say that there isn't great songs on here such as the ones mentioned above and \\"doesn't mean anything\\" \\"unthinkable\\" and \\"new york.\\" hopefully on her next album she will be singing about new subjects other than just love because thats what made her first two albums masterpieces, she was diverse. this album is really good though just don't expect to hear diversity in the subject matter.
B0025X4OYI|5.0|Vol.1 was #1 on the POP chart for 14 straight weeks,4 singles made it to #1, and \\"I Can't Stop Loving You\\" was the #1 single, by anybody, in 1962.  The album was also #1 on the R&B and the Country charts, which had never happened before, or since.  If I was on a desert island, and could have only one music album, this would be it.
B002UXRH10|3.0|i enjoyed \\"the wait is over\\" \\"russion roulette\\" \\"so hard\\" \\"te amo\\" and \\"cold case love\\" but songs like \\"G4l\\" are just plain ridiculous. this little spoon fed girl wouldn't last a minute with a real gangster and is just sending a stupid message to young women. never the less rihanna shows that she's growing as an artist and thats always a good sign especially since i thought her last album was horrible. if she keeps heading in this creative direction she can really make a name for herself. she just needs to sing about better subject matter!
0307454541|5.0|I have just finished this thrilling novel, which is the first in a trilogy. I can't wait to get started on the second book. Mr.Larsson had the genious of being able to make each page jump out and grab you. His complex characters take up residence in your home until the last page. The story is a complex plot skillfully told. An additional bonus for me was the way in which he bought the ambiance of Sweden so clearly into the mix. I could almost smell the sea, and feel the chill of the Northern winter. I will certainly recommend this book to my reader friends. My heart is heavy that Sieg Larrson passed away, therefore leaving us bereft of his great talent.
B002ZG9846|5.0|Don't review movie much. This movie was great. Solid story line,great characters. This movie has it all
B001EN71CW|5.0|From the characters, acting, sets, and story telling Firefly is the best television series I've ever experienced.  You truly fall in love with these characters and by the time you are to the last few episodes you are asking yourself \\"how was this series canceled\\".  If you've never watched Firefly...you will love it.  I have shared this with so many friends and family and they have all loved it.  I still hold a grudge towards the dumbasses at Fox for the way they handled this series byt throwing it in a terrible time spot/day, mixing up the order of the episodes, and piss poor advertising and promotion of it.  This series could easily still be going strong had it been handled correctly :(
081095415X|5.0|When I ordered this book it was out of print and I did not know whether or not the copy Amazon was offering was a first edition, first printing.  To my surprise the book was a first printing and arrived in excellent condition. I hope in the future Amazon will be able to list this information.  As for the book I give it five stars.  It contains some of the most remarkable in person wildlife photographs that I have seen.  I highly recommend the book.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I have owned a lot of workout dvds and this is the best yet.  You can combine the workouts for longer sessions or just do one.  Either way Jillian makes you push yourself to the next level with this.  I workout regularly and compete in sprint triathlons, and I use this dvd several times a week for cross training.  You will need hand weights and a mat with this, and it includes a lot of jumping and plyometrics.  Bottom line, I have been using this dvd for 6 months and I still love it.  You can use it for longer than 30 days and increase the challenge by having a variety of weights to move up to.  Jillian is the best!
1594488843|5.0|Something is wrong with economics. There is a significant discrepancy between how people behave according to the models of economists and how they behave in real life. Part of that discrepancy occurs because people do not respond to carrot-and-stick motivation in the expected manner, according to Daniel Pink in this book. Instead, people often do things out of curiosity, or generosity, or for some other \\"irrational\\" reason.<br /><br />Businesses almost universally attempt to motivate employees using rewards and punishments, without realising that these can extinguish intrinsic motivation. People who donate blood out of generosity will often refuse to donate if payment is offered, as the payment cheapens the act. Similarly, rewards and punishments can diminish performance instead of improving it, they can crush creativity, crowd out good behaviour, encourage cheating, become addictive, and foster short-term thinking.<br /><br />The book goes on to describe \\"Type I\\" behaviour, where virtuous conduct occurs because of intrinsic motivation rather than as a result of external pressures. The author explains ways of creating intrinsic motivation and provides a \\"Type I Toolkit\\" for putting the ideas from the book into action. The book is easy to read and it addresses a topic which is of critical importance to businesses, so I highly recommend it.
0143113100|5.0|Everyone who owns a brain needs to read this book!  If public school teachers would read this, I think it would give them a great advantage over their peers when teaching students.  Great job Dr. Doidge on a wonderful book!!!
1596434252|5.0|I recently bought this ABC pop-up for my 18 month old son, who knows, and is obsessed with, the alphabet. He adores this book, but I don't know if it is a blessing or a curse. On the first day I read it to him, I ended up reading it six times before he would lie down to take his nap. Once is never enough for this book. A couple of times a day I can expect to hear, \\"ABC pop-up, please.\\" If he doesn't get it, there just might be a meltdown in the works. Furthermore, my kid is uncannily good at being very gentle with pop-ups, but I never let him handle them alone for fear they will get ruined. He hugs on this particular book like its one of his stuffed animals! I would not recommend this kind of book for a kid who likes to \\"play hard\\" with his or her books, especially given the cost. That being said, I do think this is a great book for any age, but certainly for very young children learning their alphabet. I also recommend 600 Black Spots and One Red Dot, both by David A. Carter.
B003ELOQD4|4.0|First, let me clear a few things up...    Some have said the Blu-Ray edition includes the show on DVD as well.  That is 100% false.  You just get one Blu-Ray disc.    Others have said this doesn't include \\"Breathe\\".  That is 100% false as well.  It's not in the main feature, but it's in the bonus content.  It's edited a bit differently and I'm wondering if that's why they opted to keep it seperate...or if they just felt that \\"Boots\\" had more energy to kick start the show.    Finally, others have said that the YouTube version will suffice in lieu of this.  It's a matter of opinion, but I watched the YouTube show live (and later as a download) and it doesn't hold a candle to this Blu-Ray.    The audio is SPECTACULAR, if nothing else.  I've been to 10 live shows (including a pair in Dublin) over the last three tours and have HUNDREDS of audio bootlegs and every official concert release they've ever made...and this is an audiophiles dream.  I've yet to hear better sound from a live show.  For those complaining, perhaps they don't have the capability to reproduce the HD audio in their receiver or blu-ray player.  I can ... and it's fabulous.    For those who say the video is \\"grainy\\"...it's a dark night...and it's also a \\"post-production\\" effect for a film look.  That was intended...it wasn't a matter of sub-par equipment.  Personally, I think the video quality is amazing...the lighting and colors are perfect.    Rating the production/editing aspect, as many have mentioned, the editing is questionable at times -- they go through phases of falling in love with superimposed shots that have, on many occasions, no rhyme or reason.  Some are executed well (this coming from somebody who has produced live shows for a living) but most are just in excess.    That being said the quick shots are done more tastefully than recent releases (i.e. Vertigo Chicago, Elevation Boston, etc.).  In order to accurately portray the energy from the band and the audience, fast tempo'ed editing isalmost required.  I'm not a fan of the uber-ADD style we see in many things nowadays, but I think the style used was better than other recent U2 releases.    Big props to the variety of camera angles -- for those who complained you don't see the majesty of the set...did you even WATCH the show?  It's what I loved so much about this release -- aerials of the Rose Bowl/stage, jibs swooping across the crowd as if you're floating above them...jibs hovering over the band and stage as if you're a \\"heavenly\\" guest just taking a peek.  Shots of Larry doing his thing up-close (we rarely, if ever, have seen this in past releases).  Intimate and personal shots of Edge and Bono as if you're right there with them.    Quick notes on the bonus features.  \\"Squaring the Circle\\" is a great featurette...the rest of them are pretty much worthless.  Very short and no real \\"payoff\\" in them.    As somebody who has heard and seen a LOT of U2 bootlegs (and live shows in person), I'd HIGHLY recommend adding this to your collection...if for no other reason, it's the only current U2 release in HD (outside of Rattle and Hum, circa 1987).
030745455X|5.0|OK so it was a bookclub selection. It was the first time in the history of bookclub that EVERYONE read the book and all loved it!
B002VPE1B6|5.0|I couldn't have done better buying new; retail!  All inserts were included with products.  Can't tell if dvds were ever played!
0307454541|4.0|We read the first for bookclub and before the meeting this book was already read by half of the club and I even bought the 3rd hardcover, which I rarely do. I loved it. Funny I usurally don't like suspense since i read before bed. I couldn't put it down so thus a lot of tired days.
030726839X|5.0|This is an outstanding book.  If you admire Winston C., you will not be disappointed.  However, I do wish Max Hastings had been a bid less uncritical about Mr. Churchill.  There's a bit of the hagiography about this book.  Roy Jenkins book (another 5 star opus), which Mr. Hastings rightly acknowledges in his introduction, is a bit harder edged.  But this qualification is only a quibble.  Max Hastings' book is a real treat.  When's his next one coming out?
0440243688|4.0|This is a fast moving story.  It is intense and educational in many respects.  Child is a good writer.  It is a tad gory.  Good read!
B000IOM0WO|3.0|The B/W portion of this Blu-Ray looks VERY Grainy.  I'm pretty sure they could have made it look better.  Even though I know most of this was shot on B/W film - it still should have looked awesome on the Blu-Ray transfer.  The sound is superb.  This is still one of the best concert films ever - especially so if you're a U2 fan.  I bought this in 2007 and am now just watching it as I just recently bought my first Blu-Ray player even after already purchasing more than 100+ Blu-Ray movies.  I was shocked that this was such poor video quality.  Actually doesn't even look to be in HD - looks to me to be the same quality of a regular DVD.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|This book was so good i couldnt put it down! I highly recommend it to anyone.
B002KSPKRS|4.0|The x41 is a really good headset, however its downfall I think is the batteries needed to operate the headset. Sound quality is great but it only uses digital audio, but you can plug in an additional head set if you wish and it gets simular sound quality.
B00360CY50|5.0|The combination of traditional and life performance on this set gives an excellent overview of the talent and real ability to perform. Love this set.
B002HR1W1K|5.0|This is an excellent movie to add to your collection - Simon Pegg and Nick Frost star in a movie that is hilarious and actually has some great replay value!  I purchased this on HD-DVD and the sound quality and the picture were perfect.  Their are so many great scenes in this movie to bring up to support why you should buy it, but I'm not going to spoil this for you.  If your not sold by my review or all the others, go ahead and rent it because once you do it will be very obvious that its a great movie to add to your collection simply for its replay value.
B003CN5SAY|3.0|Can someone please tell me,does 6th and final season mean season 7 is included?Or season 7 never going to be released on DVD?I dont understand if you can download season 7! Love to know Im in Australia and waiting for my copy.
B002ZRPQ5K|4.0|Obviously I cant say that Night Train is the best thing Keane has produced since \\"Hopes and Fears\\", or even that is their second best work...But as usual, it serves us well.  I think its a very good collection of songs, including \\"My Shadow\\" that can easily be considered one of their Top Five Songs.  At first it might seem a little strange to our piano/drums/vocals accostumed ears, but it really grows on you.  Chaplin vocals are as always amazing and Tims are a very pleasant surprise.  When you add it all up, its a great band reinventing themselves whithout losing their most important virtue.....beautifully played-melodic tunes!!!!
1416594787|5.0|Following his successful Channel 4 (UK) three part series \\"The Genius of Charles Darwin\\" in 2008, professor Richard Dawkins comes back with another blockbuster bestseller book \\"The Greatest Show On Earth : the evidence for evolution\\". This book follows on another blockbuster bestseller \\"The God Delusion\\". It is a very accessible book to the public indicating with simple scientific evidence (dogs, cows & cabbages) that indeed Evolution is more than a theory : evidence is all around (before our very eyes). He also explains well in detail the evidence for Human Evolution & that there is no \\"missing link\\" in the evolutionary sequence!It is a very compelling account on evolution & against \\"Intelligent Design\\" as propagated by Creationists! Charles Darwin may have started the debate with \\"The Origin Of The Species\\" & Richard Dawkins is continuing with his legacy through \\"The Greatest Show On Earth : the evidence for evolution\\". A great book to read on the subject of evolution, simple but effective account on this important subject, a highly recommended reading.
B003K07DUC|3.0|P.C. propaganda piece by Hugo Chavez God Son, Matt Damon.
0385504225|4.0|\\"The Lost Symbol\\" is a good sequel to \\"The Da Vinci Code\\", a trilogy of fast paced thriller stories led by professor Robert Langdon as the Harvard Symbology Professor. The plot is similar in \\"The Lost Symbol\\" as in \\"Angels & Demons\\" and \\"The Da Vinci Code\\" and the well tested formula does work well for Dan Brown in the series as a whole. In \\"The Lost Symbol\\" professor Langdon is summoned to give an unexpected evening lecture in US Capitol, but he is greated by a disturbing decorated object &  the gruesome kidnapping of his beloved mentor, Peter Solomon. Professor Robert Langdon is then sprung into a fast paced action to save his mentor, his knowledge of symbols is put to the test,b going through Masonic secrets, hidden history & amazing locations in Washington D.C. The ending is a bit mellow & disappointing : It seems Dan Brown may have consciously avoided controversy like the one in the past (following  success & anger/criticism) by some quotas of \\"Angels & Demons\\" and \\"The Da Vinci Code\\" books & movies! Dan Brown may indeed need to come with a new plot/formula & character in his next novel as he is becoming more predictable.
0394721780|5.0|After seeing the movie, Julie and Julia, my husband and I had to have this cookbook. There are a lot of different recipes but the book has so much detail for those \\"learning\\". My only hesitancy is that I do not eat some of the items that are included in the book such as veal and duck; however, those are my personal preferences and not the fault of the book or author. The book is in excellent condition.  Definite a must have for the kitchen
B003ELOQD4|4.0|Jason Schoellen -  nice review and I agree 100% with many of the points you made, although I have to say that I side with the majority of the posters here who say that \\"Breathe\\" should have started the video.  Why didn't it?  To be a true document of the evening they should have included the \\"Kingdom\\" intro including Larry Mullen walking solo up to his drum kit to kick off the show - very powerful stuff.  There are a few shots in Breathe that are out of focus and appear to have some lens flare from the lights.  Is that an \\"artsy\\" inclusion or some beginning of concert technical issues that relegate the cut to the \\"Extra's\\" bin?  Only the editors can answer that, although with the number of cameras working I would have to think they could have put together a clear edit.    I feel that the video in 1080i is clear enough - those that say is looks like 480P are mistaken.  Regarding the quick edits - yeah, there are a fair amount of those, but they are tastefully done and the cuts are relevant.  Could the shots have been held longer?  Absolutely.  This \\"MTV\\" quick-edit crap drives me crazy.  But at least they don't cut from an Edge solo to, say, show a fan jumping up and down.  You might see a wider angle of the same cut with Edge on the overhead screen continuing the solo, or a sweet bass line from Adam that's relevant to the song.  All in all it flows very well.    Sound is great.  No complaints at all about that.  And you will truly see the Edge shine here - as Bono once said, he, Larry and Adam would make a great 3 piece band.  So with the minor complaints I give it 4 stars out of 5.  Hey - for $20 you can't lose.  Rock on U2 fans...
1603425381|5.0|The first reviewer gave a fantastic view of this book with which I can only agree. I also have several border books but nothing that also gives the corners which is always a problem. Each  pattern is written out as well as with a big schematic and also an insert showing what the repeat is alongside a full color picture of the stitches. Also, each pattern has a chart showing the colors for each row. The first section of the book explains everything needed in order to work the edging patterns. There are also several sections at the back covering crochet punctuation, the symbols with actual photos illustrating them, glossary and abbreviations, index and chart stitch key to the symbols. The index does not give the stitches as each one only has a number. The stitches have been crochet tested by a panel of 10 and the book looks to have been thoroughly checked for mistakes. The book lies flat, is very attractive and well printed and must have been a work of love. It really fills a gap in crochet books and recommended to all crocheters.
B002HWRYJE|4.0|I feel like I don't have any Trek cred, even though I saw the entire original series in reruns as a kid, most of the movies, and watched Next Generation as recently as this week. As kind of a mid-level consumer of this old, old franchise, I love this movie. I couldn't give it five stars because there were some plot holes, and because Spock did stray from that classic \\"I'm being so literal that, ironically, it comes across as sarcasm,\\" into actual sarcasm, which was too bad.<br /><br />Maybe going back and time and doing an alternate universe is a bit of a cheat. This deep into the franchise, using such overworked gimmicks, this movie could have been a total failure. But sometimes, using every cliche in the book just works. This movie took the old tools (time travel alternate universe, the origin of everyone's catch-phrase, saving the Earth from technologically advanced aliens using the unstoppable combination of comradery and pluck...) and used them right.<br /><br />The cast is great. Zachary Quinto had the perfect warm reserve for Spock, and Chris Pine should be given some sort of ceremonial Key to Shatner City because that was the most thrilling homage to Captain Kirk I could ever imagine. I think it took a lot of sensitivity on his part and on JJ Abrams' to treat this character with so much good humor and not make him a joke.<br /><br />The special features were also fun. The out-takes are really charming. The featurette was good too. They showed a lot of the home-grown tricks and special effects they used, and bring you into the process. It looks like it was a really fun time, making this movie, and it was definitely fun to watch.
B0018O4YSQ|2.0|This is just a comment on the BluRay copy I purchased. Maybe I got a bad one, but the sound on the primary track was very distorted. All other tracks played fine, so maybe I got a bad disc. At the price, I can't complain (too much), but buyer beware.<br /><br />The movie, of course, is excellent and the BluRay LOOKS great. Shame about the sound, though.
0805091742|4.0|So the guy that wrote this book is a surgeon, which means lots of descriptive surgical examples. It made me queasy and the points could have been made with less detail. Other than that this book is excellent, starts with a thesis, reasons towards this thesis, while addressing potential rebuttals. Well reasoned points, easy to read, logical. I recommend it.
B0013FSL3E|5.0|Thank you.  As advertised in very good condition.  Arrived quickly and the price was great too. I purchased this dvd previously from another amazon vendor and it also said in very good condition but, it was definitely not.  It paused and skipped scenes and was disappointing at best.  Keep up the good work!
B00005N6KG|5.0|I've tried using all kinds of headphones for the gym and for running, and I keep coming back to these - they're cheap, but they stay in place (earbuds don't stay in my ears when I run), they're durable and they sound good (when working out, I'm not sure I could tell the difference anyway).  Wonderful value for the price.
B001C08RHA|5.0|Thank you.  As advertised in very good condition.  Arrived quickly and the price was great too. Keep up the good work!
B003EYVXSW|4.0|I liked the movie SPLICE, but I'm not sure I would ever recommend it to anyone.  It's a horror movie that walks very tightly on the line between irredeemably silly and truly creepy.  For me, it fell on the creepy side just enough to make it a fun experience.  But based on some of the very low audience scores I've seen, it easily falls on the laughable side for many.    It tells the story of two scientists who are a couple (Adrien Brody & Sarah Polley) who work for a big conglomerate that seeks to develop a new source of animal protein, or something like that.  They are literally developing new life forms that look like giant slugs and apparently will make for truly outstanding sources of protein.  For reasons not entirely clear and/or credible...they add just a smidge of human DNA to the recipe (without permission from anyone , of course) and end up with a hybrid that starts out as a painfully ugly creature that looks like a lumpy slug with stump legs, but eventually grows into a slender, mostly human looking female (except for the wide side eyes) that has some characteristics that aren't entirely human, nor are they entirely safe.    Modest mayhem ensues in this film that is really yet another modern update of the Frankenstein story.  In fact, the two main characters are named Clive and Elsa...could that be Colin Clive, who played the original Dr. Frankenstein and Elsa Lancaster, who played the original Bride of Frankenstein?  Regardless, Clive and Elsa are two of the most irresponsible scientists to grace a movie.  Their experimentation is reckless in the extreme (and probably pointless too).  At first, Brody is horrified by the creature his partner as spawned, and wants to destroy it and pretend none of it happened...but love and fear of his partner stop him.  Gradually, roles reverse as the creature (named \\"Dren\\"...which is \\"nerd\\" backwards) develops a personality along with a strong, dangerous will of its own.    If it all sounds silly...that's because it IS very silly on paper.  But for me, the film worked to an extent by embracing the \\"wrongness\\" of what these two scientists were doing.  I was filled with dread at nearly every turn by the casual disregard for scientific principles and the truly yucky looking creature.  The beast was \\"wrong,\\"...just looking at it, you knew that a thing like this was never meant to exist.    As Dren grows up and learns to express itself in more recognizable ways...we do grow to take an interest in her well-being...but only up to a point, because she has a mean streak that's rather alarming too.  And she keeps changing throughout the movie, so you really have no idea what to expect next.  Dren is a pretty cool Frankenstein monster, as it turns out.    The film also works because of Sarah Polley.  As she did for the DAWN OF THE DEAD remake, Polley brings a serious, grounded approach to her acting.  She never once appears to acknowledge the far-fetched nature of that she's doing...but she tries to act her character as though she was a super-smart, egotistical but still flesh-and-blood person, not just some screenwriter's concoction.  Her character is given some silly things to do and say, but what Polley does is emphasize the believable parts of the script, embrace the character arc she is given, and she plows through the silly stuff, making it matter far less.  Brody is fine as well...although I wouldn't say he quite brings the same gravity to his portrayal.  Sarah Polley is used far too little in films...probably because she isn't a conventional \\"Hollywood beauty.\\"  Instead, she comes across as a real person you might actually meet.  I find that refreshing.  The movie itself is shot in a color palette that is all winter colors, adding to the grimy nature of the proceedings.    The special effects are passable but not great.  The story has a conventional, even predictable ending scene that steals a lot of its impact.  But faults aside, I also found I could not look away from the compellingly icky SPLICE.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|Thank you.  As advertised in very good condition.  Arrived quickly and the price was great too. Keep up the good work!
B00000JCOV|4.0|This album does the trick for me when I'm feeling angry or sad. Although the songs seem to get stale after a while, I will still always count on this album to help me release a variety of negative emotions. Slipknot is definitely a talented band who have no intention of becoming mainstream (which they truly aren't, even to this day, despite the fact a few songs receive airplay on more mainstream stations). I recommend it to those who desire to hear art in which they can form a connection with.
B00319DND8|2.0|I love Matt Damon and Scott Backula, but I do not love this movie. The actors' performances, including the tertiary players, were fantastic. The costumes and sets look great, but the writing and pacing is just boring. I tried but after an hour, I had to stop watching it... I don't think I laughed once. I thought I didn't understand it, but after speaking with friends, they said it wasn't me. The fact that this got a 77% on [...] truly amazes me and I'll have to reconsider them as a recommendation source for future films.<br /><br />Scott Z. Burns wrote this, but produced An Inconvenient Truth. We saw how that turned out. Anything with this Aussie's name on it will be on my \\"To Avoid\\" list in the future.<br /><br />This movie, in my opinion, is a complete waste of time. It gets two stars for the great acting and settings.
0060392886|5.0|Great book if you dig the Crue.<br />All 4 were interviewed seperately, to keep<br />it honest. This book is the result of those interviews.<br />The boys had entirely WAY too much fun.<br />A1+ Rock book.
B002YIHO7I|1.0|I wrote about 3 weeks ago saying I hadn't recieved the CD.  I look in the mailbox everyday looking for it - no luck.
B00001OH7P|5.0|Bowie's masterpiece! With masterful production by \\"the thin white duke\\" and Ken Scott. Bowies's previous record, \\"Hunky Dory\\", had been driven by the melodic piano playing of Rick Wakeman, but with \\"Ziggy Stardust\\", Bowie hits you with a full body blow of heavy guitar/bass/and drum sound.  Driven by the playing of Mick Ronson and the Spiders from Mars and recorded by one one of greatest recording engineers of all time, the aforementioned Ken Scott.  No cymbals on this one, just straight ahead rock and roll and Bowie's voice placed front and center.  Bowie's space age lyrics and vocals give the album a timeless appeal. A must have for any serious rock and roll collector.
B002N5N5QQ|5.0|Sons of Anarchy season 1 is one of my favorite tv shows, but season 2 steals it!! I never thought I could dig a show about outlaw bikers but the actors and writers do there thing all the way to the end with this joint. Great television...now if I can get a copy of Spartacus I'm good...LOL
B0017V7GTY|4.0|Listening to the Gaslight Anthem, one can't help but be constantly reminded of other bands.  Aside from frontman Brian Fallon's gravelly vocals being a dead ringer for Bruce Springsteen, there are lyrics throughout the album that are taken nearly word for word from other songs.  The most obvious of these being \\"High Lonesome\\" whose chorus (\\"Maria came from Nashville with a suitcase in her hand, sometimes I kinda sorta wished I looked like Elvis\\") is almost the same as the line from the Counting Crows song \\"Round Here\\" (\\"Maria came from Nashville with a suitcase in her hand, says she wants to meet a boy who looks like Elvis\\").  Now, it's done in a way that suggests that they were probably just paying tribute to their favorite artists, but unless you actually credit those artists in the liner notes (which they don't), it's pretty much the same as ripping them off.<br /><br />Ok, that said, despite all that, this is a really great album by a very talented band.  The melodies are really strong and memorable, and Fallon is arguably a better Springsteen than the Boss himself.  I just really hope for their next album they try to find a little bit more of their own sound, instead of just doing a hodgepodge of everyone they listen to.  Granted they're really good at that, but well, you can only do that for so long.<br /><br />Still I can't complain too much.  I actually found a video on Youtube of Springsteen singing with them live, so if Bruce himself doesn't care if they ripped him off, why should anyone else?
B0017SWPXY|5.0|I absolutely loved this book, as did everyone I bought it for!  (I pretty much bought out the city at Christmas.) There as only one person I gave it to that didn't rave about it as much as I did.  I actually picked it up for my husband in an airport, but couldn't put it down!  (Neither could he.)  It's going to be hard for me to find something as good so I'll just have to read it again.  It was funny, sad, happy  - covered the whole range of emotions.  Read this book, you won't regret it.
B0011UBDTK|1.0|Well I've just opened up my replacement set and as luck would have it the same exact disc is freezing up. Season 3, Disc 2. Right at the end where Carrie thinks she's lost Aidan's dog. So much for my idea to try to get a complete set by combining discs from the original and the replacement. I have until the end of the month to return the first set so I'm going to watch what I can and return both.
B002YMWPUA|5.0|\\"Hunger\\"(2008) is Steve McQueen's (not the actor) first film, and it is a stunner. The movie follows IRA militant Bobby Sands (played by Michael Fassbender from \\"300\\" and \\"Inglorious Bastards\\") last months in prison leading up to his hunger strike in 1981. This is a brilliantly filmed movie that deals with the harsh ordeals of the prison life in the most unpleasant of conditions. The squalid living conditions and brutality are shown in gritty, unflinching detail by McQueen's masterful vision. There is a remarkable 17 minute long shot, the longest in a mainstream film, between a priest (Liam Cunningham) and Bobby Sands, just before the hunger strike, which represents Sands' defiance  and strong conviction.<br />By any measure this is a disturbing and provocative film.
B003ELOQD4|2.0|This is quite possibly the worst video production I have ever seen. There some type of jerking thing going on that makes it unwatchable. Im sending this POC back.
B003BVK36Q|1.0|Post-9/11 hysteria and the sudden realization that the western intelligence services were caught napping seems like such an excellent backdrop for a Le Carre novel.   Shadowy private banking, Muslim figures that might be terror financiers, it sounds good, right?  Too bad this thing is off the rails from the start - nary a nuanced, sympathetic, or remotely complex character to be found.   The plot, revolving around a simple banking transaction, moves glacially, as the naive do-good lawyer and the cynical burnt-out banker are persuaded by various intelligence service hacks to go along with a design-by-committee scheme to co-opt what might possibly be an alleged terror financing conduit.   The whole point of the story appears to be the conclusion, in which inexplicable, nameless, out-of-frame black hats that might be Americans come in and upset the whole apple-cart.   Really?   Here we have the best political lunacy since the arms race, and one of my favorite espionage authors phones this in?  Bah.
1439102813|5.0|I was taken aback by the insightful \\"Still Alice\\".  It gave an deeper and compasionate understanding of the devastation of this horrible disease that we all fear.    My appreciation to the author for her development of the character and to her not sugar coating any of the family's responses.    I was pleased with the quick response from Amazon.com in receiving this most extraordinary book.  I have already started sharing it with my friends.  It was \\"I can't put this book down, until I am finished\\".
B002GY9F9K|3.0|After having read Terry Goodkind's Sword of Truth series, I decided to check out the TV adaptation, Legend of the Seeker.     If you've read the books, skip the show. It would probably be decent by itself, but it's an 'interpretation' as opposed to an 'adaptation' -- beyond the character names and locations, there is not much else similar to the Midlands we know and love.
B001993Y2C|2.0|Ok, so even I was wondering HOW BAD could packaging be when I saw how many people complained over it but it's BAD.  Cheap crappy cardboard inlets for your DVD's so they all pretty much fall out and go all over the place....    Not to mention this doesn't include the mini-series.    My advice to everyone is to stay away and just buy them individually.
B00004YRQA|5.0|It got here in about a week - works as advertised. Shame it didn't come with the ps2. That was kind of sneaky on the part of Sony.
B0019N8P2W|4.0|I love my DVDs!! I bought it via a deal MTV did that allowed the purchase of the Daria Complete Series DVDs and the t-shirt for the total of $50. The problem was that I had to do 2 separate orders--1 for the shirt and 1 for the DVDs. Though I love both the shirt and the DVD, I was not happy with the customer service I received from Amazon about the issue.
B002U33GUQ|5.0|This is one of those recordings that I can't get out of my head. It has beautiful melodies, superb muscianship, and interesting compositional structure. Brad's use of dissonance keeps you slightly off balance but keeps you trying to resolve it. This one of the most compelling jazz recordings I have heard.
B000UG78NG|5.0|Just have to say this is one of the best books I have read in the past 10 years.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I have an excellent diet and I am thin (5' 98lbs). I wanted to increase my endurance and become more active and toned. I knew it would make me feel great. I absolutely love Jillian. I got this DVD first, and I almost died on level 1 (I am thin, but out of shape). I thought I wouldnt be able to get through it, but she encourages you to push through it. At first I began working out every other day and now I work out everyday. My sister was in the dressing room with me when we went shopping recently, and I was changing my shirt. When I took off my shirt she said, \\"OMG! you are ripped\\". I was so excited! It feels so good to look good! I feel good inside and out. I recently purchased Jillians Banish fat and boost metabolism. I have to say... If you are new to working out get the 30 day shred first. Get through that and then move on to the banish fat and boost metabolism. Its a little more intense, but Im no expert. Although it is about and hour and the 30 day shred is half and hour. You do the math. Invest $10 in this DVD and improve your health and your life. You dont have to pay for expensive gym memberships or equipment. There is no reason not to!
B0014Z4OQG|2.0|In my opinion The Blair Witch Project was all hype over substance and I found it neither scary nor entertaining. Cloverfield is likewise a more clever piece of marketing than cinema. The problem I have with movie fiction masquerading as real amateur footage is that it can actually seem less real. Because I know it's not real the fly-on-the-wall style intrudes on my ability to suspend disbelief and I'm constantly aware that I'm watching a work of fiction. Maybe I'm unusual in this but heck, I can't help that. Having said all this Cloverfield is better than TBWP. If you can ignore the tedious first 20 minutes, the excessively shaky camerawork, and the irritating characters, there's just enough spectacle to make it worth watching.
B00007KWI9|5.0|I used to listen to this when I was younger and lately I've been trying to find these items from my younger years. This is just as good now as it was then, plus it's got some bonus tracks as well. And though I love the song Something's Coming, I think Barbra Streisand does it better.
1423113381|5.0|Wow! I LOVED this book and will definitely be adding it to the extra credit book list my kids can read from when we talk about the Ancient Egyptians. I thought this first book was a cross between The Lighting Thief and the Harry Potter series....both of which I thoroughly enjoyed. Breathe and wait if you just read the last in the LT series....don't expect it to be identical to that. Personally, I liked the change-ups the author made. Great Job Rick!!    Now to the plot....two magical siblings discover they have the blood of powerful magicians and pharaohs running through their veins. Can they save the world or at the very least work together and get along???  Enjoy!!
0786939532|4.0|I have rarely charged through a book (actually the entire trilogy) in such a short period of time as I did with R.A. Salvatore's Homeland, the first book of the Drizzt saga. This book captured my imagination by crafting an entire new world. Salvatore delves into the inner most workings of the drow society and makes it believable. I wanted to know more about this horrid and evil world he has crafted and that kept me reading.    His characters are equally engaging, and I found the emotional conflicts some of the most interesting aspects of the entire book. Despite the fact that this book contains a lot of intense battle scenes, and graphic depictions of violence, the main conflict is an internal one.    On occasion Drizzt did flirt with becoming an all powerful character. He defeats every foe with only little difficulty, he masters everything very quickly and innately has a great sense of justice and honor. When compared with the rest of his race of drow he seems very God-like and at times I struggled getting past that and continuing to sympathize with his character.    After a few battle scenes I actually started skipping ahead to the end, not that the scenes were poorly written, all the battle scenes are beautifully detailed, but simply because I knew Drizzt would ultimately win.    Altogether, I really enjoyed the book and have read it over and over already. The entire series was wonderful (though this review mainly is focused on the first book of the series) and I highly recommend to anyone.
B001RTSPVY|5.0|A bold claim, I know.  But, what Breaking Bad did well in Season 1 (maybe better than anything else on at that time as well) it ramps up and hits its stride in Season 2.  There may be shows that do \\"comedy\\" better, \\"drama\\" better, \\"buddy-interaction\\" better, but when all the ingredients are cooked up in the Breaking Bad kitchen, its sum is even better than its high-quality parts.<br /><br />There is a tension throughout Breaking Bad, even in the smallest things, that makes the show at times exhausting, but it has a perfection to all 13 episodes that I can't recall in many years of TV.  There are a lot of quality shows on these days, and if you read my review of Season 1, you'll know I firmly believe it is the Golden Age of television.  Still, there are breakout shows that trump even the greats, and this little 13 episode series about a meth-cooking terminal high school chemistry teacher manages to bring a depth to it that I don't think the most high-dollar, CGI effect, big-name actor shows and movies can touch.  Its quality from the intro to the ending, and it demonstrates with virtuoso precision the interconnectedness that our lives and actions have on everything else, a lesson to be learned for certain.
B0026P3G12|4.0|This was as good as I expected.  I even got over the \\"religious\\" tone of some songs.  Just great to hear Susan's rich, haunting voice.  Also makes a great gift for say, a sick friend to listen to!
B000BTJDGC|1.0|First this movie is not as they say, \\"Based on a true story\\"! Their was a young girl in Germany in the 70's who had a botched Exorcism, so they say. This movie has fine acting a plot full of holes and a terrible ending! Lack of script, they spent more on effects! The ending makes NO sense whatsoever! The film plays out like a TV. movie and steals from many other movies in the genre. Watch the original \\"Exorcist\\" and skip this silly drama it makes No sense!
B000002AHM|5.0|Put simply, this is as exciting as acoustic guitar gets.  The atmosphere in the live venue is a hot house, the playing never less than riveting.  As I understand it a few production tricks were employed, such as grafting together different performances of Mediterranean Sundance and Rio Ancho, and slightly speeding them up, but the whole thing is now seamless and does not matter when you can get lost in the music from three masters of the art.  The playing of DiMeola, de Lucia and McLaughlin blends so effortlessly that they can improvise at will in full knowledge that the others will adapt in a second.  Most of all they sound like they're having enormous fun throughout - not least in Short Tales of the Black Forest, where DiMeola and McLaughlin break into snatches of the Pink Panther theme and a 12-bar blues. This album is an absolute joy from beginning to end and a must for every collection.  Buy it!
B0039ZF8D2|4.0|I'll give you more later, Ive listened to this CD about fifteen times, it bangs.      Jr Gong Made the CD for me with one line(Track 11), \\"Some of the Smartest dummies, can read the language of Egyptian Mummies, Plant a flag on the Moon, but cant find food for the starving tummys\\"
B001FB5634|5.0|Civilisation has been destroyed, the human race reduced to a few survivors struggling to eke out a living amidst the ruins of what once was. A man and his son make their way south to the coast, hoping to find warmer weather and more plentiful supplies of food, before the world dies.<br /><br />Based on the Pulitzer-winning 2006 novel by Cormac McCarthy, The Road is a post-apocalyptic movie starring Viggo Mortensen as the father and Kodi Smith-McPhee as his son. A number of other established actors have extended cameos, with Charlize Theron playing Mortensen's wife in flashback, Robert Duvall as an old man met on the road and The Wire's Michael K. Williams as a thief, whilst Guy Pearce also appears briefly. However, the film focuses on Mortensen and Smith-McPhee almost exclusively for long stretches of its running time.<br /><br />The book is notable for its pared-back, stark prose style, which is unflinching in its depiction of the brutalised, battered world and the often savage people that are encountered along the way. The film is similarly cold and stripped-back, with a heavily desaturated colour palette and a certain remoteness to the directing style which only lightens in some of the more emotional scenes between the father and his son. It's a film in which morality without the context of civilisation is questioned, with the son constantly asking, \\"Are we the good guys?\\" and the survivors finding their faith (either in God or in human nature), constantly challenged by circumstances. That it addresses this issues with a scarcity of dialogue for a modern film is all the more impressive, and is reflective of the book.<br /><br />There have been some changes to accommodate the medium of film. There are a few more incidents along the road, maybe a few more characters who appear and interact with our protagonists (though still a bare handful), and there's a couple of moments where cliche rears its ugly head (notably the boy's complete inability to shut up when possible hostile people are around, which I don't recall being so pronounced in the book), though these are mercifully brief. For a post-apocalyptic movie, there's also a near-total lack of modern special effects, with only one incongruous CGI establishing shot in the whole film (although no doubt much more subtle CGI manipulation of images occurs throughout). This adds to the sense of realism. The film is also well-paced and fairly short for a modern picture at about 100 minutes in length. On the minus side, Charlize Theron's character has more screentime than in the book, which you'd expect to mean her character receives more development, but this isn't really the case, and an early scene involving a truck full of nefarious folk up to no good briefly makes you think you're watching Mad Max (for all of about five seconds though, so not a huge issue), which isn't really the tone the creators were going for.<br /><br />The Road (****) is fascinating, well-acted, impressively-directed and unflinching, whilst occasionally sounding a note of hope. The film is available now in the UK (DVD, Blu-Ray) and USA (DVD, Blu-Ray).ound, which I don't recall being so pronounced in the book), though these are mercifully brief. For a post-apocalyptic movie, there's also a near-total lack of modern special effects, with only one incongruous CGI establishing shot in the whole film (although no doubt much more subtle CGI manipulation of images occurs throughout). This adds to the sense of realism. The film is also well-paced and fairly short for a modern picture at about 100 minutes in length. On the minus side, Charlize Theron's character has more screentime than in the book, which you'd expect to mean her character receives more development, but this isn't really the case, and an early scene involving a truck full of nefarious folk up to no good briefly makes you think you're watching Mad Max (for all of about five seconds though, so not a huge issue), which isn't really the tone the creators were going for.    The Road (****) is fascinating, well-acted, impressively-directed and unflinching, whilst occasionally sounding a note of hope. The film is available now in the UK (DVD, Blu-Ray) and USA (DVD, Blu-Ray).
B000IJ79UW|5.0|Great purchase-----------item was as advertised, well priced and in good shape.  Arrived very timely!  Thanks!
B001UJUGZY|5.0|Jess and her husband, Ryan, have it all.  A great marriage, a beautiful home, and she is a successful lawyer.  Life is good - until Ryan's prodigal brother, Roman, is jailed for assault and is now out on parole.  He has to stay with his brother and his wife during his probation period, but he and Ryan are like night and day.  Ryan loves his brother and wants to support him despite his violent background and bad attitude.  Roman is not beyond redemption, he just had a bad past relationship with his father and doesn't know how to deal with his anger and resentment.  Jess does not like Roman, he frightens her, and she wants him out of the house.  Ryan cannot throw his own brother out after all he's been through.  Roman overhears their argument one day regarding this and leaves on his own, his belongings in trash bags slung over his shoulder as Jess looks on.  She calls Ryan and tells him Roman has left the house.  Roman is not supposed to leave the state.  Ryan says he is going to return home immediately and as he is crossing the Golden Gate bridge, he is trying to call his brother Roman, unaware that Roman is on that very same bridge heading right toward him from the opposite direction.  The fog is thick, Roman is driving recklessly and as he passes a car, his own brother is in his path and they collide.  Moments later they are both laying on the road, unconcious and badly injured.  They are taken to the hospital and put in the same room together, still unconcious, their faces badly bruised, so much so that Jess cannot tell which man is her husband.    And therein lies the rub, as they say, in this suspenseful thriller starring Sarah Michelle Gellar, Lee Pace, and Michael Landes.  It is a story about love, loss, loyalty, redemption, deception, second chances, and forgiveness.  This film goes a lot deeper into the human psyche than most thrillers normally do.  It asks, `Can love heal all past hurts?'  It also confronts the viewer with the question - `Can one become solonely and wracked with grief over the loss of a loved one that your morality and all that you believe in can be disregarded in order to have the comfort of love once again?'    Lee Pace is heartbreakingly wonderful in the role of Roman and Sarah Michelle is very believable as the wife who is caught in the middle of the emotional relationship between the two brothers.  My only wish is that the directors and producers had the guts enough to use the alternative ending shown in the special features instead of the ending used in the actual film.  But I guess I can applaud them for even considering such a thought provoking alternative ending to this movie, because it certainly deserved it.  It leaves you wondering what you would do in Jess' place.  I recommend this mainly for Lee Pace's heartfelt performance.  Without his acting ability, it would have been a mediocre movie at best.  I highly recommend \\"Possession\\".
B000059XUI|5.0|Great purchase-----------item was as advertised, well priced and in good shape.  Arrived very timely!  Thanks!
033396568X|5.0|This book kept my husband's and my interest when our twin boys were 0-12 months - most other board books are pretty boring for an adult reader; this one is not. And when the boys were 0-12 months, if they got fussy while we were out of the house, the boys would love it when I would recite it from memory. Now that the boys are 18 months, they don't quite have the attention span to sit through the whole book, but my 2 1/2-year-old niece loves it for the story.
1439153663|5.0|An educational and suspenseful story of immigration and slavery in the south.  Hard to put down!  The author builds tension and keeps it there until the bitter end.
B0024FAR5W|5.0|This is with out a doubt the best show on tv. A cross between the Shield and the Soprano's! It has action,drama,comedy,and a great story line.(no, Im not a biker)I stayed up all night and finished the first season.If the second season is as good I will stay up all night and watch it!
0670021652|4.0|The book had great insight into her original thinking regarding marriage but one part just sticks out as being overly self-aggrandizing and nauseous. When listing her 5 Most Deplorable Faults, reader would expect some honest, sincere responses here but we are treated instead to what a sycophantic interviewer at an investment bank evaluation would give for his/her answer to: So what are your worst faults?    1) Think very highly of my own opinion  2) Require an amount of attention that would have made Marie Antoinette blush  3) Have more enthusiasm than actual energy  4) Openly prideful, secretly judgmental and cowardly in conflict  5) When decided that somebody is unforgivable, that person can remain unforgiven for life    I mean puke, barf and give me a break. These are the weeniest, most meaningless answers ever. Next time, some deeper truth here.
044654146X|5.0|This book reveals little known facts and then does a marvelous job of explaining otherwise hard to understand results. Easy to read ,well written and compelling
0393072231|5.0|It would have been even more entertaining and interesting to hear in more detail how Cornwall Capital went from around $300,000 or so in assets to all of a sudden having $30 million. Michael Lewis merely says that Cornwall bought LEAPs and some out of the money options on various assets, but doesn't really provide more than that.     In fact, that is a great story in itself. Would have been nice to hear more about this. Thanks
030745455X|5.0|I really enjoyed this book.  I highly recommend this book to anyone who enjoys action.
1451539460|5.0|It's typical for the heroine in an Austen novel to have a pure biblical name and the virtues as delicate as a dove but for this Jane Austen masterpiece, the story is far from that. Intertwined with the themes of parody and the elements of foreshadowing and metaphoric language, Northanger Abbey distinguishes itself far from the expected in a Jane Austen Novel.    The story starts out with dear Catherine, who at the age of seventeen is showing signs of the early peaks of beauty. Coming from a traditional family of ten children, Catherine is first described as very plain and subjected into playing Cricket and Baseball rather than with dolls. She is then introduced to a world in Bath, where society molds her years of adolescence and changes her into becoming a respectable young lady.    What is really impressive in this work by Austen is that Catherine is not the typical \\"Damsel in Distress\\". Rather than being a damsel just waiting for the world to rescue her, she is distressed with the idea of being rescued and finds refuge in reading gothic novels. Jane Austen cleverly weaves in allusions of period gothic novels such as The Monk. As Catherine mentioned the books, Austen slyly put in hidden parodies and critiques of the works through the ridiculous images that Catherine imagines after indulging herself. The villains, the Thorpes, gave great humor in their dialogue as well as kept me captivated throughout the book as a whole. They were the epitome of gold diggers and what really amused me was the fact that Mr. John Thorpe played the role so perfectly that he could be representation of the modern day nut-brain in our society.   The best part of the novel, in my opinion was Mr. Henry Tilney. Mr. Tilney, son of General Tilney, the hero of the story is by far in par with legendary Pride and Prejudice's Mr. Darcy. What puts him apart from the typical Jane Austen man is that Mr. Tilney has a personality that speaks volumes. He is full of wit and charisma that the slang wordof \\"swag\\" wouldn't be enough to describe his aura. Early in the novel, when Catherine first arrives in Bath, he captivates her with his good looks and charming ways. Although Jane Austen is known for deceiving the audience with her men, Mr. Tilney is no fake, he is really charming. For the girls, like myself, who enjoy reading of distinguished English men with old school manners; Northanger Abbey is a seller.    I could read this novel over and over, my only critique is that some of the characters such as Catherine's parents and Mr. Tilney's family could have had further characterization. It seemed as though at some points in the novel, those characters lacked growth. Other than that, it is now a favorite book of mine. I must say, because of Ms. Austen's lioness ways and feisty writing style, it can be concluded that once again the reader has entered into the lion's den.
B002QGUFWE|4.0|This is a woman that never disappoints!  The music is creative, vibrant and in some cases, flat out joyful!  Close the windows and crank it up.  I dare you not to dance!
0451462432|1.0|The first 2 books in the trilogy were interesting and fun to read. This third one is a sorry attempt to carry on a series that in reality ended after the second book.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|It is hard to find a starting point in reviewing a film series that has set such a high standard of achievement. I frequently found myself pausing, rewinding and replaying multiple segments of each eposide, fascinated with the extent to which these expert filmmakers went to capture such amazing footage. What sets this \\"nature documentary\\" apart from all that have come before it is the expert utilization of a multitude of filmmaking tools reserved for big budget TV commercials, music videos and feature films. Examples can be seen right from the first episode, where the use of a motion control rig and time lapse photography shows the full, month long transition between seasons on the arctic tundra, and long distance, high speed lenses capture the frolicking of a polar bear and her cubs. The African wild dog hunt segment made use of a high-tech helicopter HD camera mount, formerly used exclusively by the military. Even small clips that take you into the next act are amazing, unparalleled photographic achievements.<br /><br />Photographic and technical wizardry aside, the mandate of this series was to show the planet and it's non-human inhabitants as they've never been seen before. In this respect, the producer, Alistair Fothergill, and his team of hundreds have far exceeded their goal. This did not come about without putting in a mammoth amount of sweat equity. In watching the 10 minute diary segements after each episode, one sees the drive and determination of the crew, sometimes up to three years of hiking and filming, to capture a few minutes of rare footage. A previous reviewer has referenced the snow leopard and shark footage, I would like to add the pirhana feeding frenzy and stork migration over Mount Everest as truly awestriking segments as well.<br /><br />The narration by David Attenbourough adds a gentle backstory and a few exclamation points to footage that could stand alone without it. A 5.1 soundtrack, and BBC Orchestra score give a compelling reason to turn up the volume, sit back and enjoy the glory of this absolutely flawless presentation. This is a must see series for children and adults alike... awesome... awesome... awesome!<br /><br />PS: Stick with the standard def as opposed to the blu-ray - no extras on the blu-ray!ume, sit back and enjoy the glory of this absolutely flawless presentation. This is a must see series for children and adults alike... awesome... awesome... awesome!     PS: Stick with the standard def as opposed to the blu-ray - no extras on the blu-ray!
0767903862|5.0|Bill Bryson is always entertaining, because he's a good storyteller with a) a genuine appreciation for quirky characters and b) an un-cynical gee-whiz attitude. In other words, he gets a kick out of stuff, and the reader can't help but share the feeling. It's like listening to Click and Clack on CarTalk.<br /><br />In this case, Bryson dashes around Australia appreciating its marvels, in particular its happy, open-hearted people and its physical and biological weirdness, its size and its ongoing relative obscurity vis a vis the rest of the world. He seems to try to take on the question of the aborigines and to feel guilty for not really doing so -- they and their tragedy are too much for his chipper little travel book to encompass, so he more or less gives up.
B003AO1SVS|4.0|The Black Keys are back with Brothers, a lushly produced album that hits you with a head-on assault of big bottom, soul searing blues rock. We are definitely surfing a wave of retro goodness on most of the tracks, especially when vocalist/guitarist Dan Auerbach stays in falsetto for the entire length of Everlasting Light accompanied by background vocalists giving a few \\"shoo shoo waahhh's \\" for full effect. Ten Cent Pistol is swaggering number, a throw-back to mid-seventies CCR that has some organ thrown in to fill out the sound. In fact, there is quite a bit of keyboard on this album compared to Attack and Release, and I find it is used sparingly enough that it doesn't detract from the guitar/drum aesthetic that has come to define The Black Keys. Drummer/producer Patrick Carney lays down, as usual, a heavy dose of big beats, making this a perfect album for window-rolled-down cruising on a summer day. Clocking in at just under an hour, sure they could have stripped away a few tracks to saturate the album into 40 minutes of rock honey, but I like the length. The two minute interlude of Black Mud, an instrumental track, serves as the perfect runway for the foot stomping She's Long Gone. Along with some Gary Glitter channeling on Howlin' For You, these 15 tracks of full-on rock are a highly referential offering from a band that just keeps doing what it does best.
0345495004|5.0|This book was in pristine condition and arrived within a few days of ordering.  GREAT buy!
0446563048|4.0|As an executive coach with a strong interest in happiness, meaning, and engagement at work, I enjoy following Tony and eagerly awaited his book. The main thing I was curious about (and I'm sure many others) was not there nor on the website (despite promising to be there).  What I was looking for is \\"how to create committable core values for your own organization\\" - [...].    If and when that piece is added, it may be what truly allows Tony to deliver happiness on a global scale.
B000MRAAJM|4.0|The standard footage (that ran in the original television series) is incredibly beautiful.  The series take full advantage of my blu-ray set-up as well or better than any Hollywood film that I own.  David Attenborough is the best there is at the documentary narrative.  The finished product is amazing.    So why only 4 stars?    For some unimaginable reason, the BBC decided not to include the hundreds of hours of bonus footage they shot.  A lot of it is available in other formats (or even on the Discovery Blu-Ray release...though then you have to listen to Sigourney Weaver).  Not a deal-breaker, but it would be nice to have.
0446563048|4.0|What do you get when you cross earth worms, red bull, poker playing, and a life-long love affair with business? You get a billion-dollar acquisition deal and a clear path to happiness...not necessarily in that order.<br /><br />In \\"Delivering Happiness\\" the new book written by Tony Hseieh (CEO of Zappos), Tony candidly shares his dreaming about having a successful business when he was eight...starting with an idea to making millions of dollars with worms. Yes, worms. Yes, he thought of making millions when he was eight. (In contrast, when I was eight I thought about cuddling with puppies and dancing with David Cassidy.)<br /><br />Tony transitioned to businesses in: lemonade (with a twist), paper routes, garage sales, newspaper publishing, direct mail, pizza retail, video games, web support, venture funds, all before he found his success...inside and out...with online shoe retailer Zappos.<br /><br />Reading Tony's honest, and simple...(yes simple), account of his journey in business from those youthful endeavors, to losing his business soul, to finding it again and negotiating a billion-dollar deal with Amazon, got me one step closer to uncovering the answer to a question that I ask myself several times a week, \\"are entrepreneurs born or are they bred?\\"  In Tony's case, not only was he born with this commerce-driven gene...it's hard wired into his DNA.  So is caring about people and their well-being.  A powerful combination for success for sure.<br /><br />Having heard Tony speak live, and loving his conscious approach to business (and the ability to buy shoes online risk free), I couldn't wait to read \\"Delivering Happiness.\\" Fortunately, being selected to receive an advanced copy as a blogger, I didn't have to wait too long. This gracious opportunity came with a 'cross-my-heart promise' to write an honest review...the one you're reading now.<br /><br />Honestly, between you and me, I didn't want to put the book down...even though I had to a few times to do things like work, eat, and take my pup for a walk. Reading \\"Delivering Happiness\\", I felt like Tony was bringing me into his world and having a personal conversation with me over a coke and a burrito...like...I was a friend of his. Apparently that IS how he treats everyone. It's his \\"special sauce.\\" Between the pages of this book and his journey he lets you in on the 'why' and the 'how' to add this special sauce to any business recipe.<br /><br />The only draw back to this book is that it is written in such a casual way, that I couldn't help but feel a bit old reading it...even though I'm only a decade older than zen master T. Ummm, strike that, it was so informally written that I felt a lot older. But even with that drawback, it helped me see where I've become too static and serious in my own business and to put things in the right perspective.<br /><br />Will reading this book give you the actual steps to creating a fulfilling and financially rewarding business  like Zappos...of course not, but then you wouldn't expect that from reading a book...would you?!<br /><br />What \\"Delivering Happiness\\"does do is just that....deliver happiness...and drives home a tangible connection between happiness and generating sustainable profits. It also stimulates that the key ingredient to being truly successful in business--is profound and unshakable belief. And it does so in such an infectious way that you realize that succeeding financially in business truly does come second. You'll have to read the book to find out what comes first.lk. Reading \\"Delivering Happiness\\", I felt like Tony was bringing me into his world and having a personal conversation with me over a coke and a burrito...like...I was a friend of his. Apparently that IS how he treats everyone. It's his \\"special sauce.\\" Between the pages of this book and his journey he lets you in on the 'why' and the 'how' to add this special sauce to any business recipe.    The only draw back to this book is that it is written in such a casual way, that I couldn't help but feel a bit old reading it...even though I'm only a decade older than zen master T. Ummm, strike that, it was so informally written that I felt a lot older. But even with that drawback, it helped me see where I've become too static and serious in my own business and to put things in the right perspective.    Will reading this book give you the actual steps to creating a fulfilling and financially rewarding business  like Zappos...of course not, but then you wouldn't expect that from reading a book...would you?!      What \\"Delivering Happiness\\"does do is just that....deliver happiness...and drives home a tangible connection between happiness and generating sustainable profits. It also stimulates that the key ingredient to being truly successful in business--is profound and unshakable belief. And it does so in such an infectious way that you realize that succeeding financially in business truly does come second. You'll have to read the book to find out what comes first.
B002ZG97RE|1.0|I truly loved the first of the Bourne movies, but there was so much in movies #2 and #3 I wished I didn't waste the money.  I was looking forward to seeing this movie, but knowing the history of the Bourne movies I waited to see what others wrote.  I am so glad that I did.  As much as I like Matt Damon's movies I WILL NEVER SEE ANOTHER MOVIE WHERE THEY MOVE THE CAMERA AROUND LIKE THEY DID IN THIS MOVIE!!!  For the record I didn't see this movie.  I made that decision after seeing Bourne movie #3 and I'm glad I saved the money.  I hope they fire the guy who thinks that shaking the camera equates into an action scene.  They should shake him as much as he shakes the camera and see if he likes.
0823015033|4.0|My wife is a budding artist. She does great portraits and she wanted to get serious about the new medium--clay-- that she discovered a year back. This book provided all the necessary instructions for making professional clay people. A great purchase. Not 'the' reference book, but an essential if you are getting serious about clay.<br /><br />Cons: Some of the critical instructions, like on the size measurements, is extremely unclear no matter how hard you try to decipher it. My wife created her own measurements, just took some time and trials. Also some instructions, like on half-baking things before finishing them, is mentioned somewhere else, as if in passing. Maybe it is a common practice for professionals but it is critical for new artists. Also they should show better pictures for tools like needle-heads. It makes it easier to search for alternatives.
B000JIHP88|2.0|My baby enjoyed this mobile. There was a period (when he was 2-3 months old) when he would stop crying and kick excitedly whenever we placed him in his crib and turned the mobile on. But after about 3 months of not-too-heavy use, the motor started making a whirring noise, and would struggle to turn. We replaced the batteries several times (which did not fix the problem), and decided to put up with the whirring noise and the slowness. It finally stopped turning at all after 6 months. I disassembled it, and found that it was cheap plastic construction, which relies on a thin rubber band to rotate the whole assembly. I cleaned the plasticky gunk from the belt-wheel (another plastic piece), but shortly after being reassembled, the mobile slowed down again. It's going in the trash.
1400031001|5.0|This novel (in journal form) is the life account of one Logan Montstuart, a man who was alive in each decade of the 20th century. It's a book that makes you think and put into perspective the events of a person's life, and it makes you remember that your own time on earth is all too fleeting. There is definitely a sense of sentimentality you take away from this book when you look upon the sucesses, the tragedies, the loves and the losses in the life of Logan Montstuart. Because of this, there is a tremendous sense of realism with the main character. His character, although fictional, is as genuine as any character you will find in literature. If but for this reason only, Any Human Heart is a worthwhile read. Some other good points worth mentioning about this book include it's crossover with actual events in the 20th century. Montstuart encounters Hemmingway, Picasso and Edward VIII. He studies at Oxford (one of the best sequences in the novel). He becomes a writer. He travels widely. I must also point out that in this genuine portrayal of a man, you discover the flaws of the man as well. At times, I felt dissapointed in Logan Montstuart. I'm purposely not giving away any specifics. You will find out for yourself when you read this book, but suffice it to say: The portrayal of the main character is interesting, it is real, it is profoundly insightful and it makes you look upon your own life differently.<br /><br />I will include one specific example that hit hard with me (it's a minor element, not a spoiler). Logan Montstuart, although a published writer, never gets around to completing his final novel. Sadly, it made me think of some of the things that I wanted to do in my life, but have never got around to doing. This is just one example of how this book touched me emotionally. There were other moments as well. This is a quality that the best of books have.
1423113381|4.0|I am stunned by the amazing arrangement of words written by Rick Riordon. But I must say this isn't his best work. Me and my friends agree that The Percy Jackson series was the absolute best, no denying it. I am 11, going onto 12, and I reccomend this book for everyone through ages 9-100000. It really doesn't matter how old you are, as long as you are at the age to read. thumbs up for Red Pyramid!!
B003ELKNOK|5.0|Love Bon Jovi so naturally I want the Special Editions. Amazon has them all in perfect condition.
B0036R92V2|5.0|I was expecting a little more style and substance, but overall a great movie.    However, this blu-ray is a must own simply because of the transfer. Grainy, low-budget 1060's perfection.
B001HN694K|3.0|Way back in my school days, I was required to read \\"Alice in Wonderland.\\" I didn't care for the story, nor did I particularly understand it. It just didn't make good sense. Everyone else.seemed to understand and enjoy it, and, if course, it's widely regarded as a classic. References to the Mad Hatter, Tweedly-dee, Tweedly-dum, the cheshire cat and al the other bizarre characters are everywhere. So be it. In any case, my wife picked up the latest Tim Burton \\"Alice in Wonderland\\" DVD starring Johnny Depp and we watched it last night.<br /><br />I have very mixed feelings about this DVD. On the one hand, the computer animation is just amazing! Real People are all mixed seamlessly with bizarre characters and an out-of-this-world landscape. Amazing! And in dazzling colors! Surely, the animation efforts of this movie will bring in some type of award. On the other hand, the story left me uninterested. I neither found it fascinating, humorous or compelling in any way. Instead I was counting the minutes until it was finally over. My wife felt much the same way, and she's a big fan of both Tim Burton and Johnny Depp and she loves the \\"Alice in Wonderland\\" story.<br /><br />So, I'd give the animation 5 stars. The story and presentation perhaps 1 or 2. It was a disappointing DVD. And I still don't understand Alice in Wonderland. It still doesn't make good sense. Off with their heads!<br /><br />Gary Peterson
B002XTBEDI|4.0|The movie was great, esp. the magician, delightfully played by Tim Curry.   But I have a complaint against the seller, Amazon.com, and nowhere else to voice it. I ordered this dvd new, when receiving it, it had a flaw (a pause). I sent it back & the 2nd one was identically flawed. I ended up still being charged shipping, even tho it was Amazon.com's fault!! This is the 2nd time in a row I have had problems with orders from Amazon.com & I would have expected better from them. I tried to leave \\"feedback\\" in the appropriate place, but it has \\"conveniently\\" disappeared. I will NEVER, EVER, order from them again!!! I have ordered many movies from many different sellers, w/o these problems!!
B003ELOQCK|3.0|I was at that concert, and it was a typical U2 extravaganza. Exceptionally well done, and the energy, look and feel of the Rose Bowl audience and environment and U2's interaction with it was a part of its success.  Afterwards, I really really enjoyed the Youtube broadcast of it that was available online for a couple of weeks before they yanked it.<br /><br />Regarding the DVD, I am disappointed because I felt the editing didn't do justice to the entire concert environment in a way that was accessible. No shot was on the screen for much longer than 7 seconds, and most between 3 and 5 seconds.  I have amazingly quick vision (I make my living drawing people and things really fast) yet I felt I never had a chance to focus on any one scene before another was quickly flashed, faded into, etc.  There were few views that gave a sense of the hugeness of the concert. It was like blinking my eyes and another view.  I'm pretty good at connecting the dots, and even though I was at that concert, the DVD never gave much of a feeling of the whole.<br /><br />While the camera work and sound, etc., were very well done, I felt there was too much being thrown at the viewer, too fast.  Frankly, I thought the Youtube live broadcast provided a better feel of the concert and visual experience of it, which was after all, a \\"world event\\".
B001QBXFTA|5.0|Haydn's String Quartets constitute one of the most remarkable bodies of work by any great composer.  Listening sequentially from one CD to the next, one can trace Haydn's development from late-baroque/ galant sensibilities to the concise, witty and (in slow movements), deeply reflective classical style of his later years.<br /><br />To date there have been a surprising number of \\"complete\\" Haydn Quartet cycles on record--from the \\"classic\\" Tatrai Quartet edition to the recent period-instrument traversal by the Mosaiques Quaret.  Along the way, the Kodaly Quartet on Naxos and the Angeles Quartet on Phillips have made their contributions as well.  An embarrassment of riches--though no single survey of this vast output will prove entirely satisfactory, given the stylistic differences that prevail over the long haul of Haydn's String Quaret ouvre.<br /><br />The Aeolian Quartet was assembled by English Decca for this mammoth project in the early 1970's.  Under the leadership of Emmanuel Hurwitz,what was initially something of an \\"ad hoc\\" group developed into a cohesive ensemble with distinct interpretive priorities.  Those priorities include, on the positive side, an incisive, occasionally brusque manner that conveys the intellectual vigor and wit of Haydn's inexhaustible invention with great &eacute;lan and a minimum of fuss.  One is also impressed by their searching, meditative approach to the many exalted slow movements one finds in every opus grouping.  On the other hand, the Aeolians are definitely a leader-oriented ensemble, so that the first violin tends to dominate the texture even in the later quartets, where Haydn clearly was moving toward complete equality of voices.  Nor will  Hurwitz's liberal vibrato and somewhat overbearing tone appeal to all tastes.  Despite these shortcomings, this ensemble gets to the heart of the matter more often than not.  Their choice of tempi is unfailingly apt, their rhythms fetchingly sprung, and their grasp of long-term musical structures compellingly cogent.  The Aeolians are therefore to be preferred, in my estimation, to the Angeles Quartet's bland homogeneity as well as the disconcertingly inconsistent Kodaly Quartet (brilliant in Op. 76, stolid and pedantic in Op. 20 and elsewhere).  The considerable efforts of the T&aacute;trai--still the most probing of all ensembles in this repertoire-- are undermined by one-dimensional, and occasionally harsh sonics.  Nor is the dry and, at times, aggressive sound on the Aeolian's recordings entirely pleasing.<br /><br />So you were expecting the best of all possible worlds?  Hardly, though the Aeolian Quartet's cycle is probably still the best from an interpretive point of view (among modern-instrument ensembles, that is), despite the leader's occasional vagaries of tone and intonation, and the less than ideally pleasing sonics.  I encourage Haydn aficionados to to consider this set, which is unquestionably a bargain (and has better documentation than Decca's recently reissued Dorati cycle of Haydn Symphonies).  If period instruments are required, then do conisder the superb Mosaiques Quaret's series, which is available in opus-specific installments.structures compellingly cogent.  The Aeolians are therefore to be preferred, in my estimation, to the Angeles Quartet's bland homogeneity as well as the disconcertingly inconsistent Kodaly Quartet (brilliant in Op. 76, stolid and pedantic in Op. 20 and elsewhere).  The considerable efforts of the T&aacute;trai--still the most probing of all ensembles in this repertoire-- are undermined by one-dimensional, and occasionally harsh sonics.  Nor is the dry and, at times, aggressive sound on the Aeolian's recordings entirely pleasing.<br /><br />So you were expecting the best of all possible worlds?  Hardly, though the Aeolian Quartet's cycle is probably still the best from an interpretive point of view (among modern-instrument ensembles, that is), despite the leader's occasional vagaries of tone and intonation, and the less than ideally pleasing sonics.  I encourage Haydn aficionados to to consider this set, which is unquestionably a bargain (and has better documentation than Decca's recently reissued Dorati cycle of Haydn Symphonies).  If period instruments are required, then do conisder the superb Mosaiques Quaret's series, which is available in opus-specific installments.
0446563048|5.0|As an entrepreneur, I had always tried to grasp what I was searching for in my business and Tony did too.  After hearing Tony speak I realized that it was truly possible to scale a company that was soley based on the best customer service possible.  There are many more wonderful things I could say about this book, but I'll let you find them out for yourself - just read it!
0061537969|5.0|This book is for dog lovers who understand the companionship dogs can offer their humans and also understand what people and their families go through when having a long-term illness.  After reading this book and reviewing it with others I realized we all got something completely different from the book and liked it for different reasons.  Three out of four of us cried by the end of the book.
B0001MDP3G|5.0|Anthony Minghella's follow-up to The English Patient may represent the best back-to-back effort since Johnny VanderMeer - OK, since George Roy Hill followed Butch Cassidy with the Sting.  Thematically similar to the English Patient, Cold Mountain is a bit more structured and controlled.  The cinematography is exquisite; Renee Zellweger turns in a bravura performance among a generally strong cast.  A lot of viewers can't buy into Minghella's John Ford meets Franco Zifferelli perspective (borderline operatic) but if that's not a problem for you, I think you'll agree that at 4 stars, out of a possible 5, this movie is underrated.
B002SJIO4A|2.0|Except for the last 30 min. of the movie I didn't like it very much.  I won't be viewing this video again.  It's headed for 1/2 price books.
B0031RAOVY|5.0|At first I thought this movie was kinda of boring - though I love dogs.  But that first, almost too idyllic part, sets the stage for what is to come.  After awhile I kept asking myself why I was watching the movie as it was tearing at my heart so much, but it was impossible to not finish it.    Have kleenix near by.    Brilliantly done.  They play your heart like a fiddle.
1591843162|5.0|In \\"Linchpin,\\" Mr. Godin has given humanity a gift.  My passion and concern are for law enforcement, a profession filled with both, need and potential.  I humbly submit that Godin's gift could potentially meet our cultures most pressing needs and provide our communities the greatest benefits - through law enforcement.  To paraphrase Mr. Godin: For generations, we've been pushing officers to do something inherently unnatural.  We've been teaching, cajoling, and yes, forcing officers to hide their empathy and their creativity and to pretend  they are fast-moving automatons; machines designed to do the department's bidding.  It is not necessary.  No, I'll go further than that: it's damaging.  It's damaging to have to put on a new face for work, the place we spend our days.  It's damaging to build departments around repetitive faceless work that brings no connection and  joy (page 71).  It is as if Mr. Godin somehow peered into the police training academies and looked over, among others, the \\"tactical communications\\" training modules.<br />Despite all this, the best officers have always been some of the finest artists and given precious gifts that change the recipients.  Sometimes the recipient knows they have been touched and changed in a significant way, sometimes the recipient is oblivious to the gift they have received.  I can think of one woman, a wife and a mother of young children, whose family called the police because she was distraught to the point of hysteria - and had a gun. I do not suppose she or her family know she was given the gift of life that day.<br />On the other hand, there is much work to be done.  Training and management processes are generally archaic, carrot and stick processes that suppress artistry, crush passion, and snuff empathy.  In many cases, official systems admonish officers to put on a tactical face for dealing with the public and to use rhetoric to manipulate people.  Systems further weight officers with hundreds of pages of policy that dictate down to detail, draining the responsiveness and artistry out of interactions.  Further, law enforcement tends to be a profession filled with people compelled to \\"work overtime to stamp out any insight or art\\" (page 118).  People who have the \\"resistance so thoroughly entrenched they don't even realize it's there.  For them this is normal.  They think they're being mature and realistic when they're actually cowering in fear\\" (page 122).<br />While law enforcement has always been a profession blessed with many \\"artist\\" and even \\"linchpins,\\" it is ironically a profession driven internally to be what Mr. Godin calls the \\"lizard brain.\\"  I have wondered for years about a paradox in law enforcement.  It is a bravery rich culture when dealing with circumstances the average person runs from - such as a person made super-strong and dreadfully violent by PCP.  However, when it comes to dealing with internal issues that smother creativity, responsiveness and compromise integrity - the lizard brain rules.<br />Mr. Godin did a great job as he hunted down the \\"lizard brain\\" and exposed how it operates.  He even provides some valuable insight on how to overcome the \\"resistance.\\"  For this and many other reasons, I think \\"Linchpin\\" has much to offer law enforcement.  As the profession prepares to face the unique challenges of the 21st century, we must deliver inspired work, both internally and externally.  We must become a culture where giving gifts is the ultimate symbol of the power invested in us, a revolutionary return to a time when power was about giving not getting (page 151).  Our art must begin to build community and allow the community to build value and safety for all (page 153).  This is what the U.S. military calls building a counterinsurgency environment (COIN).  This is a reflection of the founding principles of policing (Sir Robert Peel).  Law enforcement must become a culture increasingly filled with artistic linchpins who unleash the power of unconditional respect.  Jack L. Colwell is co-author, along with Charles Huth of UNLEASHING THE POWER OF UNCONDITIONAL RESPECT: TRANSFORMING LAW ENFORCEMENT AND POLICE TRAINING. [[ASIN:1420099744 Unleashing the Power of Unconditional Respect: Transforming Law Enforcement and Police Training]]ional respect.  Jack L. Colwell is co-author, along with Charles Huth of UNLEASHING THE POWER OF UNCONDITIONAL RESPECT: TRANSFORMING LAW ENFORCEMENT AND POLICE TRAINING. [[ASIN:1420099744 Unleashing the Power of Unconditional Respect: Transforming Law Enforcement and Police Training]]
B000683VI4|1.0|It sucks, ok, it's just plain horrible.  I know girls oogle for this kind of rubbish and look at their boyfriends and husbands and saw \\"awww why can't you be more like this guy, he's so sensitive\\" and \\"blah blah blah\\", but the reality is no guy is like this.  This guy is what normal guys call a total panzy and another \\"p\\" word that I won't type on here.  But this sissy @ss dude is so far fetched that its almost pathetc.  I knew this dude that when a few friends asked how he could sit thru such garbage he looked at his girlfriend as she gave him the look of death and said \\"I liked it, it was good\\".  What a sell out, afterwards when she was out of earshot we let him have it and he hung his head in shame...left with about a thimbleful of dignity.  I flat out refused to watch this nonsense, especially after the girl I was dating insisted on it because it was \\"something that I think could bring us closer\\"...Get out of here with that crap, whats next have a vagina implant!  One day I was doing laundry and it was on ABC Family...which is a crappy network that plays the WORST show ever...the multi cry scene 7th Heaven...which sucks, anyway I watched it, I absolutely hated it.  It's male lead is just not realistic.  Read the back of the box, it will probably make you puke in its over sappiness.  Guys are just not like this PERIOD, if they are they are more than likely more female that you are.  I always find it funny how men are labeled such a loathsome gender and movies like this just make it worse.  But you take some ugly chick like they do in the show \\"The Swan\\" make her look presentable and she aces her loyal mate in a matter of weeks.  If Estelle Getty was still alive I doubt anyone ever read to her.  This movie sucks and the guy who wrote this also wrote some similiar rubbish about some GI, just trying to suck cash out of the ladies purse for some imaginary seblance of what guys would be like if they worshiped the ground women walk on like sheep and have no backbone.On a side note, how can this girl play the superb*tch from the movie Mean Girls, be mean in this movie and somehow people feel sorry for her, like any dude would put up with some dame that thought they were better than them, let alone run after them like a puppy.  Most would just tell them to go Ph--- themselves and thats it.  If he was lucky she would've gotten run over when they are laying in the street but unlike the movie \\"The Program\\" this unrealistic crap like this scene is safe from critic scorn.  Typical.  Bottomline if you are a guy and like this, you are pathetic.  If you are a girl who believes you are stupid.  And those who hate it, you are not alone.
B001PJRAUS|5.0|I love \\"Pride and Prejudice\\"  Okay, I admit that I was forced to read it in high school and only skimmed what I had to.  Then I saw the movie with Laurence Olivier and I started to like it.  Then I saw A&E version with Colin Firth and I fell in love with the story. I must have seen that version a good 50 -100 times I should think!  I have since rented a few other versions of the movie just for comparison sake.  So yes, I do love the story.    I love the costumes of the day and the manners.  I too have imagined myself in the story...and I am good friends with Jane and Lizzie, and I end up with Colonel Fitzwilliam.  Lol!  So I loved the premise of this story.    I loved how the characters didn't duplicate the A&E version exactly.  Although I do have to admit that Mr. Collins was truly awful - more awful than I would have imagined him.  I liked to see how things changed because Lizzie was not there and because Amanda was.  It reminds me of \\"It's a Wonderful Life\\" when George Bailey sees how everything changes when he is not there.  It's remarkable what can happen all because of one person.  And I honestly liked the twist that they made with Mr. Wickham.  It was refreshing not to dislike him.    I loved most all of the characters and thought that they were cast well.  The costumes and sets were wonderful.  And I like that Amanda Price was \\"out of place.\\"  I had great fun watching this!
B000B5XOSO|4.0|I really enjoyed this movie, I love the simplicity of the characters and way the scenes edited.  Max Shrek being my favorite character.  This movie could've done a little more in the realm of Bruce Wayne's character but its good.  My only complaint is that this film is obviously filmed on a soundstage.  Every scene its just blatant and thats the only downer.
B0006L0LNY|5.0|Halle Berry Might not be michelle pipfer but she did pull off this movie. she was hot in this film. this movie does take a diffrent look on the catwoman character. this is awesome movie.
0061706620|3.0|I got this because it gave some insight into Sam and Deam when they're younger. Supernatural: Origins is better. I found myself skipping some pages because they were boring with a lot of random facts. Its still kinda interesting.
B001OQCV2E|5.0|I expected more religious significance but it is primarily another disaster film with strong family emphasis. The acting is very good, accomplished actors.  Special effects outstanding!
B0039OGGVQ|5.0|First off, I don't write reviews. No time. But I'm 4 absinthes into this cd and it is 100% raw, hardcore, original rock. Slash is crisp, cool and clean on EVERY track. He doesn't miss a note. All of the guests are totally in their zone and give great performances. If you like Slash, rock, any of the featured singers or guitar, this cd is for you.
1416955070|5.0|originally posted at: [...]<br /><br />What if they world you think you know is more than you could have ever imagined? Vampires and werewolves walk among us. Demons and Angels are real. And the man that you've always thought was your father isn't... it's all a lie told to you by your mother to keep you safe from your real father.<br /><br />Fifteen year old Clary Fray is as about as average a teen as they come. She spends time with her friends, goes to dance clubs, and ... witnesses a murder? Okay, that last part wasn't so average, but even Clary isn't sure that what she thinks she sees is real. Thanks to her mother and a powerful sorcerer putting a spell on Clary to hide the magic around her, Clary has missed or forgotten a world that is just out of her reach.<br /><br />I originally picked up this first book in the Mortal Instruments series because of a recommendation by another YA phenom, Stephenie Meyer. She was so excited about getting to read the third book in the series before it was released that it made me curious to see what another favorite author was reading. I'm glad I took a chance on Cassandra Clare.<br /><br />City of Bones is chock full of fun dialogue while taking the reader deep into a fantasy world of Shadowhunters, demons, vampires, mundanes (that's what they call us humans) and werewolves to name a few. Besides Clary there are several other secondary and main characters that bring this adventure to life. First there's her best guy friend Simon that has had a crush on Clary since forever. Then there are fellow Shadowhunters Jace, Alec and Isabelle. Alec and Isabelle are brother and sister and Jace has lived with them so long he's practically a brother. Jace is the dark anti-hero of the series. He wants only to forget his past and hunt demons until he either kills them all or dies trying.<br /><br />I've read other reviews that bemoan the long narratives in City of Bones. While they aren't exactly wrong, I can see the need to describe the world of the Shadowhunters a little more in this first book, including the history of the Nephilim.<br /><br />The obvious bad guy in the books is Valentine. He's easy to dislike because he makes no apologies for mentally abusing his son early in life as well as using people with low self esteem to do his dirty work. He's on a mission, much like Hitler, to destroy anyone that isn't a part of the Shadowhunter elite.<br /><br />I think you'll find this book has a little bit of everything: mystery, magic, intrigue, paranormal, romance and even betrayal. I read this first book in the series straight thru and couldn't wait to get my hands on City of Ashes since I was left with so many questions at the end of City of Bones.<br /><br />If you are a fan of the Harry Potter and Twilight series I think you'll enjoy Cassandra Clare's Mortal Instruments as well.his first book, including the history of the Nephilim.     The obvious bad guy in the books is Valentine. He's easy to dislike because he makes no apologies for mentally abusing his son early in life as well as using people with low self esteem to do his dirty work. He's on a mission, much like Hitler, to destroy anyone that isn't a part of the Shadowhunter elite.     I think you'll find this book has a little bit of everything: mystery, magic, intrigue, paranormal, romance and even betrayal. I read this first book in the series straight thru and couldn't wait to get my hands on City of Ashes since I was left with so many questions at the end of City of Bones.     If you are a fan of the Harry Potter and Twilight series I think you'll enjoy Cassandra Clare's Mortal Instruments as well.
B0019N8P2W|5.0|Finally, what we've all waited for. And the first question you're wondering is the first I'll answer. Yes, they had to change a lot, really most, of the music. It's what made this take so long in the first place, and if they hadn't finally given in, it never would have happened a lot. On the bright side, you're getting all the movies, extras, and Daria Day intros. And really, they fake the music in the studio (which is hilarious) so well it really doesn't impact much. This is a ton of great material for way cheaper than any fans expected. Accept the musical loss and enjoy the show.
B000007SPT|5.0|I have been a big fan of This Mortal Coil, 4AD and Cocteau Twins since i first heard all back in the 80's.  I have been looking for this CD to add to my collection and its just as good now as i first heard it back in the 80's.  I love to play it late at night before i sleep it really puts you in a very calm and deep trance (for me atleast).  Each tune is so rich and moving it is one you have to add to your collection.  The cover itself is so moving and haunting as well you will enjoy it like you were back in the 80's!  Enjoy it.
B001PJRAUS|4.0|This is definitely not the original A&E version of \\"Pride and Prejudice\\", which is funny in the movie when she even refers to Colin Firth, who will always be Mr. Darcy, but it keeps you going on how everything is going to come together.  Was very enjoyable from a different perspective and am glad I bought the DVD.
B002N5N5LG|5.0|This show is great, probably my favorite of all time.  The highlight of many great shows was Physical Education.  I never laughed so hard.  I also thoroughly enjoyed the Halloween show.  I've never seen a cooler Batman.
B0029O08WA|4.0|I rather enjoyed the music from Twilight, and while watching New Moon, I heard some great pieces.  So, I purchased the soundtrack and haven't been disappointed.<br /><br />I like all of the songs.  There is a broad mixture of slow and fast to match your mood.  I really enjoy listening to it in the car while driving.<br /><br />There are a couple of songs I can just listen to over and over again, but then I remember they're all good!<br /><br />I usually don't purchase soundtracks, but the music of the New Moon soundtrack fits the movie so well, and since I loved the movie, it was a good purchase for me.
0307454541|5.0|Powferful read, full of suspense. Interesting character development-I felt like I knew these people-could meet them and have them over for dinner and have quite a conversation.<br />Was disturbed by the frequency of abuse to women in Sweden.
B002JVWRAO|5.0|A great season and I can't wait for it to come out on DVD!!!   I jumped, laughed, and cried my way through every episode of Season 5.     As a latecomer to the Supernatural fan base, I wonder how I could have missed this incredible series for so many years.  I discovered it more than midway thru Season 5 when I happened to catch a re-run from Season 1 on TNT and had to see more.  Love that Amazon had the first four Seasons at a great price and I purchased all four at once.  Watched it from the very beginning and I have loved every episode.  Thanks to the internet, I was able to see all that I had missed of Season 5 and catch up to the episodes that were currently airing.  As a fan of the XFiles and older series like Twilight Zone and Nightstalker (in reruns), this was heaven for me.  I am also a huge fan of Stephen King and this series seems to follow his pattern of making you love the characters and then killing them off (and sometimes bringing them back).  But I guess you have to expect that from the Apocalypse.  Monsters of the week, angels and demons, Lucifer walking the Earth, family and heartache, and so much more that make for thought provoking entertainment.  I am more than thrilled there will be a Season 6 and hopefully many more.  It makes me want to take a road trip a la Dean and Sam!!! :)    As for the cast - Jensen Ackles is a subtly impressive actor and truly easy on the eyes - I hope his talent is recognized and appreciated and that we see him for years to come. Jared Padalecki, Jim Beaver, and Misha Collins round out a great cast that never fails to please.  I never tire of re-watching past episodes over and over and over. :) I would recommend this series highly!!!  And not just for the sci-fi fans - I think its appeal reaches much further.
B001JRB16U|5.0|I have started collecting Disney classic that I watched as a child for my granddaughter.  I enjoy watching them with her.
B00005QGAV|3.0|\\"Everyone's taking control of me seems that the world's got a role for me I'm so confused\\"<br /><br />\\"They say I'm different, They don't understand but there's a bigger problem in demand... so there is really no time to be trippin' on me\\"<br /><br />That is my question why were people so hung out on his obvious craziness where his music was more important. You think he was ego-maniac? Well let me tell you 80% of all musicians are too, they just don't have the power or guts to run around with their eccentricities, he was simply crazy enough to go for it.<br /><br />People keep bringing up how he was accused of child molestation. My question is where you there to know? Yeah neither was I so we'll never know. But hey he was crazy so he must have done it right? He was never proven guilty and all cases where settled out of court. I don't know about you but if my son truly was molested I would even go to hell to get justice done, I don't care who he is or how much money they offer me. But seems all these parents needed was some cash to be happy.<br /><br />I am going out of subject here, but it is only because I want to give you my whole perspective on the subject and i want to be as fair as possible. Now to the album review<br /><br />It wasn't a masterpiece before he died and it isn't one now. But it is a good album nonetheless. It takes some getting accustomed to it because it has a characteristic 90s sound but by no means sounds as outdated as some Billy Joel albums now do. There are weaker tracks but they don't feel that much of a filler because his delivery is always good. If i was going to make my own mix I would be<br /><br />1 Jam<br />2 Why You Wanna Trip on Me<br />3 In the Closet<br />5 Remember the Time<br />7 Heal the World<br />8 Black or White<br />9 Who Is It<br />11 Will You Be There<br />13 Gone Too Soon
B000W7JWUA|5.0|This is one of our favorite games.  My only complaint is that they give you a frame to put the hexes into, to keep them from spreading, presumably.  However, they don't quite fit properly.  It is still a great game, and I highly recommend it.
B0039TD7RC|5.0|For those of us who remember being at Stone's shows in the 70's and struggled with Mick's lyrics and now, finally, realize that this is possibly the greatest rock-and-roll band ever, well then, you will be reborn with the re-release of Exile. For me, even way back when, Exile was the essence of the Stones, okay, it's not Goat's Head or even Sticky Fingers but wholly crap, these guys sound SO good when they are edgy and rough. The Stone's are a bit like British tea, one either likes it or not and they're not everybody's cup of tea but man, I can't get enough of this re-release. The extra tracks are not mixed at the highest quality and in many cases Mick's voice is not muted or softened and the edge of the rythym section rules. Even when they went disco in the 80's their heart and soul was stuck in rock-n-roll, Exile will remind you of their rock and blues legacy. Cheers and good listening. See you at the next tour...
B000MRAAJM|5.0|This is one of the coolest TV series I've seen.  Great camera work, great information.
B0039TD7RC|5.0|Without doubt, in my my mind, heart, and soul, \\"Exile on Main Street\\" is the greatest rock 'n roll album ever recorded. I was so excited to hear that the Stones were planning to remaster it and releases various deluxe versions.    Two questions:    1. What is up with the drop out in the left channel at 2:59 of \\"Casino Boogie?\\"    2. Why does the $160 \\"Super Deluxe\\" only have four of the postcards?
B002ZRPQ5K|2.0|I Love Keane, but this ep has very weak songs, and a totally different keane sound.   I hope the next cd is much better.
B000EHQTZO|4.0|very satisfied with product it was just as i expected.  amazon helped me in every way. i have recomended to everyone to use  and buy movies from amazon.com keep up the good work
B001EN71DG|5.0|The movie is just like I remember it in the theater, EXCEPT Anakin Skywalker has been digitally inserted as the young Skywalker rather than the unmasked Darth Vader.
0553573411|2.0|Nothing ever happened in this book. It was full of heartache and sadness for a little boy and even though he as truly an assassin's apprintice, he never killed anyone and doesn't seem to have the prospects to do so.    This is chic lit in a fantasy wrapping.
0446563048|3.0|Delivering Happiness is a bold promise to make in any book, let alone a business book.  But Zappos CEO Tony Hsieh makes it.  The autobiographical story of Tony's childhood and career at times seems self indulgent and veers into frat boy territory, Harvard style.  Hsieh is open about the fact that the writing is all his and that it's not literary genius.  However, he's clearly an innovative man with a ton of brain power.  It is a fun and entertaining read, especially for the genre.  The book's stand-out quote:<br /><br />  \\"Without conscious and deliberate effort, inertia always wins\\"<br /><br />I am not sure the book delivers happiness.  But here's what it does do, and does very well.  It provides an insight into the success of one of America's trendiest and high performing companies as well as the brain of the man behind it.  From my work life lens, it also shows an interesting approach to corporate culture that so far is working well for Zappos.<br /><br />I put my hand up to review the book Delivering Happiness: A Path to Profits, Passion and Purpose because I'd read so much about Zappos' unique corporate environment.  Innovative organizational psyches are right up my alley.  Hsieh has a light and enticing story-teller's voice as he shares his youthful business adventures, Harvard stories (mostly about how little work he did and how well he performed doing that), mistakes and spiritual experiences in the rave/party years and climbing Kilimanjaro.  Ultimately though, it's a book about relationships, and about how to create an environment where your best friends show up to work with you.  You work hard and you play hard and you do it all together.<br /><br />For all it's talk of a bold new paradigm of institutional culture, much of it revolves around getting drunk together, partying and playing golf.  It is the way business has always been done.  It might be really fun to work at Zappos.  And clearly there must be more to it than that or it would not consistently generate the buzz about being such a great place to work that it does.<br /><br />I'd love to know more about how career breaks, care-giving needs and flexible work options to handle work life issues are really handled.  There is one beautiful story shared of a woman losing her husband and being given time off and much loving support from her team members.  But the story stuck out as unusual compared to other employee experiences.  For example, there were no insights into how parenting or elder care needs are handled either informally or through policy.<br /><br />Rather, there were stories of walking away from your entire life with two hours notice and not getting home again for three months.  It was, as always, the absolute dedication to the company kind of stories that came through loudest.  There was a great deal of discussion about creating a family, creating a group of people who you want to be with every day.  This is a wonderful thing in a work environment up to a point, but homogeneity, even the weird and wacky kind, can be stifling over the longer term.<br /><br />As I read stories of bar room and golf course decisions, I did wonder if that self-selects the real Zappos stars as being single and childless, or with a partner at home full time who raises the children or at least has a much less demanding career?  Certainly the book makes it evident that a non-drinker like myself would not be progressing very far!  Zappos - can you help me understand more?<br /><br />Things that most impressed me about Hsieh's story and the Zappos culture.  The Pipeline - how most recruiting is done at entry level with incredible on-going training and continual internal promotion opportunities.  He is very clear about the kind of person he wants to work with every day, knows how to find them and wants to make sure they have a trajectory.  I also thoroughly enjoyed his cheekiness and regular rule breaking, his loving poke at Asian parental pressure stereotypes and his deep hunger for a community.  Hsieh and his team have certainly created something unusual in corporate America.  I take my hat off to what this daring 36 year old has built so far and will watch with interest as to what comes next.<br /><br />My heretical closing thought.  As his people get tired of partying and look for their higher purpose outside of the Zappos family, I do wonder how sustainable  the culture will be over the longer term.  I too have created a family of people I want to be with every day and it's called my husband and children.  He talks a lot about work being a calling, not a job.  I'm not sure free pizza and shaving your head days are gonna cut it in 20 years time.  Then again, they might not need to.reated something unusual in corporate America.  I take my hat off to what this daring 36 year old has built so far and will watch with interest as to what comes next.     My heretical closing thought.  As his people get tired of partying and look for their higher purpose outside of the Zappos family, I do wonder how sustainable  the culture will be over the longer term.  I too have created a family of people I want to be with every day and it's called my husband and children.  He talks a lot about work being a calling, not a job.  I'm not sure free pizza and shaving your head days are gonna cut it in 20 years time.  Then again, they might not need to.
B002ZCY7PU|2.0|I was totally hyped for this season. I'd watched both season one and two and was excited for this new season.  That lasted until it started and I was devastated. This wasn't the Chuck and Sarah from the previous seasons. These characters were so different that I didn't like them at all.  This went on until episode 13 when Chuck started to be Chuck again. In the mean time however I saw the character of Sarah get totally butchered. Some people call that growth. I call it crappy writing.  Not everything is bad and there are some very good episodes this season. But after having seen this season, I'm not such a big fan of the show as I was before seeing it.
B001NLKT60|5.0|I was hooked at the first of this trilogy and will always look for this author's work. Characters easily come to life and that is a great gift. The Kindle 'sample' is a wonderful feature too...in case you're worried about the 1 star reviews, just sample it. I didn't agree with any of the complaints. The details are not laborious for me...they create a wonderful imagery that only a gifted author can provide.
B003CFBQBW|3.0|I may be too old to really start searching for new bands out there. Bands that almost nobody from my generation knows. But i'm still curious. When i look at a Twilight soundtrack, all those various bizarre groups, it almost feel like poetry when you say their names out loud. But this is my way of keeping in touch with the new musical trends out there. So i bought all the Twilight soundtracks. Because of that, i got to know bands like \\"Muse\\" for instance. So it's a good thing. A lot of the songs though, i always must wait to hear them in the movie to start enjoying them. Especially the \\"New Moon\\" CD. The first one and this third one, there are songs that i liked immediatly.    \\"Eclipse (All Yours)\\", \\"Ours\\" and \\"Life On Earth\\" are for me the three best songs of the CD with, of course, \\"Jacob's Theme\\". \\"Life On Earth\\", i'm almost positive that it will play in the movie when Jacob is feeling sad and runs off in the wood. I was trying to find without any success which tune would fit best Edward's first appearance. If i remember correctly, it's at Bella's house in the book. She opens the door and he's there. Maybe \\"With You In My Head\\"? Who knows. It's just part of my fun to do this.    But \\"Jacob's Theme\\" is very beautiful and haunting. Man! Listen \\"Bella's Lullaby\\", \\"New Moon\\" (or \\"The Meadow\\") and \\"Jacob's Theme\\" one right after the other and you're in for a musical treat. These films are lucky to have such great composers to honor them on a musical level. Howard Shore is truly one of the great ones. Listen to his work on the \\"Lord Of The Ring\\" trilogy and, for instance, \\"Looking For Richard\\" and you know that \\"Eclipse\\" will be a classic score. I hope he will do his choral stuff as well.    Anyhow, to get back to this soundtrack, like the second one, i don't feel like it's that memorable. Not the first time at least. Other than a few catchy songs, the rest, you really have to be a \\"connaisseur\\" of indie music to appreciate it. Maybe after a few listen... but then again, if it doesn't strike you at first, why would you want to try it again and again until it does? Unless, like i said before, the use of these songs in the movie makes me discover them in a new found way. It happened before with the \\"New Moon\\" soundtrack. And something tells me it will also happen with \\"Eclipse\\". Cause even if the songs don't strike me THAT good at first, there are a couple of passages that are kind of catchy anyway.     But like that, when you listen to it for the first time, i don't feel like it's worth buying before you actually hear them in the movie. But i admit that the first track is very, very, beautiful and makes for a solid argument.    The first soundtrack for the first film, in my humble opinion, was really the best in terms of holding its own, without the help of the movie.    Can't wait for the actual score from Howard Shore, though.    And i can't wait to hear who will score \\"Breaking Dawn\\". Imagine the pressure he or she'll have?
0553381687|2.0|The first volume of A Song and Ice and Fire is an entertaining page turner, but since the story is not concluded in this volume the series needs to be judged as a whole. Martin started with three good books, but then comes the problem.<br /><br />After five years of working on book four, Martin announced that the book would be divided in half for publication. It would not be divided chronologically. Instead Martin released a book dealing mainly with tangental stories with minor or less interesting characters. The characters everyone really wanted to read about would be in the fourthcoming fifth book--the other half of book four. Five years later and book five is still no where in sight. So we've now been waiting ten years to read about Jon Snow, Dany, Bran and Tyrion.<br /><br />Martin also now says this series originally planned for four books will last seven so if the fifth book ever is published, fans will have to hunker down for another potentially endless wait as soon as they finish reading it.<br /><br />It's probably better to not even start this series unless you don't mind the idea of reading half of a story that will likely never be completed.
B000001FS6|4.0|I have never been a fan of combining studio recordings with live songs on the same album, unless the live songs are 'first release' versions. With Rattle and Hum, from the moment both the film and records came out, I always thought they had gotten a bit full of themselves. The idea was to record the songs they had written on the Joshua Tree tour and release them alongside live recordings from the tour--all in the same package.<br />And it does work for the most part. The power of the set's opening, their U2-ized (in no way an insult) version of Helter Skelter (\\"this is a song Charles Manson stole from the Beatles. We're stealing it back\\") is undeniable, and really sucks you in. But after a while the album wears on and you find yourself wanting to hear the new songs--just the new songs--without having to wait through the JT live songs or covers. Not that the live songs aren't awesome for the most part (Their take on Dylan's All Along the Watchtower was an instant classic).<br />It's just that the more I listened to R&H the more the live and studio (including b-sides) the more I came to thought of them as separate beasts. What would I have done, if it were up to me? Release all the live tracks first, in summer 1988, as Rattle and Hum, as a single record. It would have been huge in its own right. All the while hint at all of this new material that was written on the tour and how the cannons are being loaded. Then in early 1989 release a new U2 album (live albums don't really count, you see, when you say a band is releasing a \\"new album.\\" So in a way, for me, Rattle and Hum didn't really count) called...whatever. I'm sure they'd come up with some wonderful, appropriate one word title (maybe even self-titled).<br />For the longest time, though, I couldn't come up with the right track sequence for this album I always had trouble with what track to open it with. I'd tried several but none really made the album work--until I tried \\"Desire.\\"  Once I did, everything else fell into place: Side A: 1-Desire 2-Heartland 3-Love Rescue Me 4-God Part II 5-Hawkmoon 269.  Side B: 1-A Room At the Heartbreak Hotel 2-Angel Of Harlem 3-When Love Comes To Town 4-Hallelujah Here She Comes 5-All I Want Is You. Trust me, I just got done listening to the songs in this order and it really works. What about \\"Van Diemen's Land\\" and the other b-sides, you ask? Well it's U2. of course there still need to be some b-sides.<br />U2 has released remastered versions of several of their early albums and I hope they do not neglect this one. And when they do, perhaps that will be the opportunity to right some obvious wrongs from the original release.<br />(the live, now EP, just for grins)<br />Helter Skelter<br />Van Diemen's Land<br />All Along the Watchtower<br />I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For<br />Freedom For My People<br />Silver and Gold<br />The Star Spangled Banner<br />Bullet the Blue Skyce: Side A: 1-Desire 2-Heartland 3-Love Rescue Me 4-God Part II 5-Hawkmoon 269.  Side B: 1-A Room At the Heartbreak Hotel 2-Angel Of Harlem 3-When Love Comes To Town 4-Hallelujah Here She Comes 5-All I Want Is You. Trust me, I just got done listening to the songs in this order and it really works. What about \\"Van Diemen's Land\\" and the other b-sides, you ask? Well it's U2. of course there still need to be some b-sides.  U2 has released remastered versions of several of their early albums and I hope they do not neglect this one. And when they do, perhaps that will be the opportunity to right some obvious wrongs from the original release.  (the live, now EP, just for grins)  Helter Skelter  Van Diemen's Land  All Along the Watchtower  I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For  Freedom For My People  Silver and Gold  The Star Spangled Banner  Bullet the Blue Sky
B001OQCV6A|4.0|First of all, SHERLOCK HOLMES is truly a 4 star movie, but there are a lot of things that go into the movie. There's the director, the actors, the history of Sherlock & the story itself. Personally, not being a big fan of Guy Ritchie, I thought the movie was well done and surprisingly intelligent.<br /><br />SHERLOCK HOLMES was certainly overblown at times, but Ritchie kept that at a minimal. For a movie that at times got a little talky and slow, he picked just the right time to throw a giant boat anchor at the screen to wake you up. Ultimately though, I thought the movie was exceedingly great at doing quick flash backs at all the things that the ultra-aware-notice everything Sherlock Holmes caught... and you did not. That, to me, was great fun and the highlight of the film that had a great story throughout.<br /><br />Truly, my only real criticism is that Irene Adler (Rachel McAdams) was wasted and not given justice in this story. Rachel McAdams is one of those actresses that has been designated the 3rd wheel in so many films and I can't wait for somebody to finally give her more of a role to play. She really does nothing in this film except get kidnapped and have to be saved and then has an emotional scene at the end because she got herself tangled up with some unsavory characters.<br /><br />Otherwise, SHERLOCK HOLMES was well done and I can't wait for the sequel. I hope Rachel McAdams is in it, but I wouldn't blame her for not, if her role is similar to this one.
0743201140|5.0|Excellent book. Loved taking the assessment and discovering my top 5 \\"talent themes\\". I will definitely look further into strength-based psychology.
B002ZRPQ5K|2.0|I bought this album on site right before I went on a trip, with the high hope that it would harken back to the bygone era of Hopes and Fears, when Keane was leaps and bounds ahead of similar artists in their genre. Was I never more wrong in my life. From the get go this album bores us with average if not below average pop melodies that are often times infused with God awful rap from an obscure artist who made me want to pull my headphones off with his agonizingly uncreative blah lyrics and . It seems that Keane in an effort to be different, has come out with a sup-par, mediocre peice of work that will have fans scratching their heads in wonderment. If Keane is going to ever make it back to their former status as great musicians, they have their work cut out for them.
B001GCUO5W|4.0|This movie taught me to NOT read reviews before I watched it.  One reviewer revealed that as the whole movie was nothing more than a bad dream it was ruined.  Au contraire.  There is plenty in this movie to force the watcher to watch again and again to answer the many nagging questions/mysteries put forth.  That's what I love about this movie.  Even in the end, you really are not sure what is real and what is not.  The director, Martin Scorcese, is not known for this type of film.  I hope he'll take another shot with this fine thriller/mystery.
0385523386|4.0|I just finished reading this book on my Kindle.  I thought it was a very good book.  I was so caught up in Piper's story that I finished the book in 3 days.  A good read!!
B003P8D6JQ|5.0|I seen the first Twilight back when it came out in theaters and I remember telling myself that I have to find out what the name of the song was playing when Edward and Bella were dancing at the end. Well when I discovered the movie soundtrack I was pleased to find that there was a few other songs that had peaked my interest and so the rest is history. Now I didn't purchase the first soundtrack, because I didn't feel there was 'enough' songs on the whole album to justify myself for paying full retail for it. However when the New Moon soundtrack came out I took a chance and purchased the Mp3 album and I was glad I did there were a few more songs I personally liked on there, but the ones I was so-so about turned out to grow on me. I listened to the soundtrack on my Mp3 player as I did my daily run for 2 weeks. So little to say I was eager for the release of the Eclipse soundtrack and was so confident that I was going to like it that I purchased the MP3 soundtrack without even sampling any of the songs on it and guess what? I was right! If you're a fan of any of the past Twilight soundtracks then trust me you will not be disappointed with this album.
B001GCUO5W|5.0|SHUTTER ISLAND is not what I expected. From the previews & trailers, I expected that I would be scared. I wasn't scared, although I was completely compelled from top to bottom. Thank the lord that great Directors like Martin Scorsese are still around who prove that you don't have to do 'popcorn movie' stuff to keep audiences rivoted. You can capture an audience with perfectly timed scenes and haunting sounds of a lonely and secluded Shutter Island, home for hundreds of the criminally insane... or just with a great and subtle performance from a really good actor.<br /><br />When you think of Martin Scorsese, you think of Goodfellas, Casino, Taxi Driver & Raging Bull. With SHUTTER ISLAND, you forget about who made the movie, and that's a good thing. You get sucked in, you don't have expectations. From the quiet opening scene where you hear the horn of the fishing boat approaching the Island as the waves hit the side of the boat to the crippling finale, Scorsese paints a beautiful picture.<br /><br />SHUTTER ISLAND isn't gonna get the accolades that some of Scorsese's film have, but to be perfectly honest, it should have been nominated for best picture this year. DiCaprio should have been nominated. Scorsese, in my mind, proved this year that he's above and beyond the working directors today. He's still an artist. While everybody else is answering to their studios to apease the BLOW IT UP & NOBODY CARES ABOUT EMOTIONS crowd, Scorsese is still the great artist that he's always been.<br /><br />SHUTTER ISLAND is another great addition to Scorsese's long list of brilliant films.
B003HE2B6C|5.0|This Hanson record not only met my expectations but exceeded them. It's fun, catchy, a little sassy. I love it. It sounds fresh and perfect to blast on the stereo all summer.     Criticism that the lyrics aren't as deep as some would like baffle me. Hanson can't win. They've had so many beautiful lyrics and moving song topics over the years, which people ragged on for not being upbeat enough, and now they do an album of pure fun, old school pop music and everyone talking about the lack of lyrical depth. Given the average intelligence of lyrics I hear in \\"popular\\" music, and all the mainstream emo bullcrap and rappers singing about smackin' something, this album is leaps and bounds above the rest. I'm not saying it's super deep, but that's exactly what the album calls for. FUN. It's a throwback to older days when pop wasn't a dirty word. The horns add extra zest, and it's just refreshing all the way around.     Stand out tracks: Give a little, Kiss Me When You Come Home, And I Waited and Use Me Up     Go get this album! You won't regret it! :)
B0039UTDFG|1.0|Aside from the already correct and numerous reviews pointing out this set as inferior with the Oprah narration, one other inferior aspect of this set is that it is all presented in 1080i. The BBC version narrated by David Attenborough is presented in 1080p (with one exception: Plants is presented in 1080i). Don't cheat yourself by purchasing what is an obviously lesser package.
B001CTDH76|5.0|When it comes to cop shows, I've seen a million (figuratively speaking).    What I love about the DVD of THE MENTALIST is that we have a character who brings something new to the genre.  At the same times, this show reminds me of many of those fabulous shows from years back, before things had to get too gruesome of gratuitous.    As one who doesn't watch television, but loves to view a television series on DVD, I feel confident in sharing this selection of humorous, intelligent, and intriguing art.  And I look forward to getting the second season as soon as it is released.
B001GCUO5M|5.0|Too rarely are we offered films that are so well written (Laeta Kalogidis does a marvelous adaptation of Dennis Lahane's mesmerizing novel) that after viewing the audience is almost afraid to leave the theater or home screen for fear they may have missed some important information that will help them figure out why the story is so successfully enigmatic.  Such is the case for Martin Scorsese's brilliant film, SHUTTER ISLAND. It is only in retrospect, after the shock of the film is over, that the magic of quality cinematic achievement can be appreciated.  Then in rethinking the events the film portrays so well the story is as straightforward as Scorsese's vision.<br /><br />The film opens in 1954  nothingness - from out of the fog slowly appears a ship headed toward Shutter Island, a terrifying prison for the criminally insane, and almost incidentally we meet US Federal Marshal Teddy Daniels (Leonardo DiCaprio) emetically cloistered in a ship's lavatory while his newly assigned partner Chuck Aule (Mark Ruffalo) awkwardly waits for him on deck.  The two are on a mission to investigate the escape of a female prisoner.  They are greeted by curious wardens who escort them onto the terrifyingly ugly and ominous island to meet with the famous psychiatrist Dr. Cawley (Ben Kingsley) and Dr. Naehring (Max von Sydow).  Curious restrictions are placed on the Marshals who decide to return to Boston because of lack of cooperation from the psychiatrists.  A hurricane prevents their exit and slowly the story unwinds: Daniels is haunted by memories of his war experience in viewing the concentration camps in Dachau and delusion of his wife Dolores (Michelle Williams) in nightmares he cannot explain.  The various aspects of the Marshals' investigation lead them to all of the compounds where prisoners are kept and treated and surgically altered and the terror mounts.  To tell more of the story of one man's descent in to madness would distract from the viewer's own grappling with the conundrum of this tale.  It must be seen to appreciate the brilliance of the story.<br /><br />In addition to superb performances by DiCaprio, Ruffalo, Kingsley, von Sydow, and Williams there are astonishing well crafted cameos by Patricia Clarkson, Elias Koteas, Emily Mortimer, John Carroll Lynch and a very large cast of bit players. The cinematography is superbly crafted by Robert Richardson.  The music score for this moody piece is a montage of works by such brilliant composers as Gy&ouml;rgy Ligeti, Krzystof Penderecki, John Cage, Morton Feldman, Schnittke, Lou Harrison, John Adams and even Gustav Mahler whose rarely heard 'Quartet for Piano and Strings in A minor' plays a significant role in the film.  On all accounts this is a superb film. Why it did not do well in the theatrical run is puzzling: perhaps it is a long film that is way ahead of its time.  Watch it on DVD and become absorbed by all the bizarre mysteries it captures. Grady Harp, June 10of this tale.  It must be seen to appreciate the brilliance of the story.    In addition to superb performances by DiCaprio, Ruffalo, Kingsley, von Sydow, and Williams there are astonishing well crafted cameos by Patricia Clarkson, Elias Koteas, Emily Mortimer, John Carroll Lynch and a very large cast of bit players. The cinematography is superbly crafted by Robert Richardson.  The music score for this moody piece is a montage of works by such brilliant composers as Gyrgy Ligeti, Krzystof Penderecki, John Cage, Morton Feldman, Schnittke, Lou Harrison, John Adams and even Gustav Mahler whose rarely heard 'Quartet for Piano and Strings in A minor' plays a significant role in the film.  On all accounts this is a superb film. Why it did not do well in the theatrical run is puzzling: perhaps it is a long film that is way ahead of its time.  Watch it on DVD and become absorbed by all the bizarre mysteries it captures. Grady Harp, June 10
B000069AUI|5.0|In my opinion, this is Coldplay's best album. 'Parachutes' was a little too soft for my taste, whereas the bigger arena-focussed sound of 'X&Y' and 'Vida' seemed a bit overblown. Here, though, they get the balance right. While it certainly doesn't \\"rock hard\\" in the traditional sense, it's clear right from the opener 'Politik' that this album has a sharper musical and lyrical edge than before. 'A Rush Of Blood...' is much braver and bolder than their debut, and their ambition is rewarded because nearly everything they try works brilliantly.    A few tracks are reminiscent of the fragile sound their showcased on 'Parachutes', most notably the shimmering ballads 'In My Place' and 'The Scientist' and the slow-burn closer `Amsterdam'. But the rest of the album is more diverse;  the driving opener `Politik', the psychedelic washes of `Daylight', the acoustic mid-tempo ballad `Green Eyes', the quite ominous `God Put A Smile Upon Your Face' and the title track,  and the hypnotic tension of `A Whisper'. My two personal favourites are `God Put A Smile Upon Your Face', with its unsettling verses dissolving into an anthemic chorus, and of course the standout `Clocks', a genuinely original song driven by that distinctive descending piano riff.     While Chris Martin gets a chance to show off his aching, longing falsetto on a few tracks, his vocals are generally stronger and more diverse on this album. He can add a touch of menace (such as the title track) or urgency (`Politik' and `A Whisper').  The more ambitious direction also allows greater space for the musicians. I feel this album is much more of a band effort than `Parachutes', which sometimes sounded like Martin and his backup group. Jonny Buckland in particular gets to pack a greater punch with some strong memorable riffs, in contrast to the fairly sparse use of guitars on their debut.     With `A Rush Of Blood To The Head', Coldplay proved they were the real deal. They push forward in new and exciting directions, whilestill retaining enough familiar elements of their signature sound to please fans of their debut. And in my opinion, this is their most consistent album, delivering uniformally strong songs and getting the balance between old and new sounds perfect. One of the best albums of its time, and definitely worth all five stars.
B003EYVXVO|1.0|A 3D formatted DVD version of the movie will not exist, so really this entire listing should be removed and recreated in the Blu-ray format section.  I give 5 stars to the movie, and will most likely give 5 stars to a Blu-ray 3D version of the movie, but 0/5 stars for a version that will not exist.
0307386171|3.0|Two dysfunctional 22 year olds share their honeymoon night in a hotel. Despite his repeated declarations of love, Edward seems to have been led into the marriage more by his gonads than his heart. He desperately wants to bone Florence. She resists up to the wedding night. Then she assists, precipitating a gooey mess. She flees in horror, leaving him feeling cheated and frustrated.<br /><br />They meet later in the night on the beach. But both Edward and Florence lack communications skills and are unable to resolve the conflict which arises. Edward takes the high and mighty position, feeling that he was cheated out of his marital right to a bonk. (In fact he would have had his prize if he could have controlled himself and in any case, being a 22 year old, he could probably have recharged within the hour - so no big deal really.) He is content to let Florence run away. They never see eachother again despite the fact that they each consider, years later, that they each lost the love of their life.<br /><br />What is the moral of the tale? Perhaps it is that true love comes but once in a life time and should not be squandered. Or might it be an example of the tragedy of lovers who fail because they cannot communicate effectively. Maybe the story is an example of the destructiveness of pride.<br /><br />But how credible is the novel? Can we really believe that after Florence runs away she and Edward never contact eachother again? No letter from either party a week or two later, after cooling down? Or was Edward insincere in his protestations of love, deciding that the prospect of a bonk was remote, he lost interest?<br /><br />Was it such a tragedy that they did break up and never saw eachother again? The author tells us that neither party ever loved another person again as much as they did eachother. Does that mean to say that they would have been happier if they worked out their differences and stayed together? It would be fair to say they were doomed to a bad relationship from the start, so different were they from one another. Cutting loss on the wedding night might have been the optimal solution. Edward felt remorse in his sixties, when his testosterone level was no doubt lower. But how much is that sentimentality? He couldn't have been satisfied with her. Or could he, if he was a bit more patient?<br /><br />Indeed, the novel claims merit in being provocative. The characters are interesting if not entirely credible. On the other hand, the author's prose style is often prolix. He dwells. He labours, intoxicated with his own philological exhibitionism. Whether you enjoy his style or not is a matter of taste. I'm not sure it's to mine.ent were they from one another. Cutting loss on the wedding night might have been the optimal solution. Edward felt remorse in his sixties, when his testosterone level was no doubt lower. But how much is that sentimentality? He couldn't have been satisfied with her. Or could he, if he was a bit more patient?    Indeed, the novel claims merit in being provocative. The characters are interesting if not entirely credible. On the other hand, the author's prose style is often prolix. He dwells. He labours, intoxicated with his own philological exhibitionism. Whether you enjoy his style or not is a matter of taste. I'm not sure it's to mine.
B0012GMUPE|4.0|Still the most popular album in Stanley Clarke's solo discography, this 1976 release is defined by the cover art that touches on his growth as a composer. And while the first track - \\"School Days\\" - finds Clarke in all his arena rock splendor and delivering some of his most satisfying bass lines ever, the remaining five cuts find a cool variety of sounds.<br /><br />Employing an incredible cast - including Raymond Gomez, John McLaughlin, David Sancious, George Duke, Steve Gadd and Billy Cobham - each musician has a defined role and was obviously meticulously chosen by Clarke. \\"Quiet Afternoon\\" is a neat ballad which fades into the bouncy groove of \\"The Dancer.\\" McLaughlin and Clarke are the beacon of grand light in \\"Desert Song,\\" while Gomez and Sancious deliver sweet guitar licks on \\"Hot Fun,\\" which clocks in at a perfect (2:55) time for radio airplay. The smooth \\"Life is Just a Game\\" features the duo of Duke and Cobham.<br /><br />This was a remarkable era for jazz artists - especially those who were riding what was still the new wave of fusion - with albums finding prime space in record shops and artists becoming pop culture stars. The 37:18 here demonstrated that there would be no more quiet nights for some time when it came to finding elbow room on the charts next to rock artists.
B003405MF6|5.0|I've seen Jeff Beck 12 times over the years and I feel that he is still sounding as good as ever.  The new CD Emotion & Commotion available at Amazon.com proves he is still as inventive as ever.  I'm going to see him next weekend and can't wait !!!!
B001TW69J4|5.0|I don't know what I can say that other reviewers already haven't said.  Technical and musical brilliance, complex to the 10th degree.  I always thought lyrics are overrated.    I think it would be unjustified for me to start listing their musical influences... who am I to say anything about these god-like geniuses.  But I do say that I noticed some similarities with AAL and Between The Buried And Me, Scale the Summit, Sky, Liquid Tension Experiment/Dream Theater, and Meshuggah; a short list of some of my all-time favorites.    I would highly recommend this album to anyone who likes progressive metal/rock.
B0031RAOVY|5.0|All of the various canine actors who portray Hachi in this sentimental film are the real stars, but Richard Gere displays facets of his ability to portray a music professor not seen in his many other great films.  The pace of this movie is also excellent, moving from one surprising delightful or hear-breaking stepping stone to another.  This movie is a sort of mirror forcing the viewer to evaluate his or her own life, and, perhaps, very generally, the quality of life itself.
081297381X|4.0|The BP disaster is an example of what this book is about. Observation of even a million white swans does not justify the statement \\"all swans are white.\\"  The lack of a major accident in deep water oil drilling does not mean that it can't happen.  Some people have described this as \\"We don't know what we don't know.\\"    This book is well worth reading although it does bog down in spots.  As we read it, we can think of other applications of what we might call, \\"the black swan.\\"
B000077VR3|1.0|Terrible! I saw it in the movies and barely could stand until the end. Everything is exagerated, cliche and boring, the music is anoying (too much screaming), everything comes from a very bad taste.<br /><br />What a waste of time, Nicole Kidman and Ewan McGregor could use their talent for something better than this.<br /><br />Baz Luhrmann may score with the masses, but he is far away from being a good director, as we can see with his \\"Australia\\", also terrible.
B00000736W|2.0|Apparently, there are no live commercial recordings of RAINBOW that do justice to Ritchie Blackmore's talents.  Maybe that's why he went 'medieval' on us, playing Shakespearian bard.  The sound is VERY LOW on these recordings...I had to crank the volume way up to make it moderately loud.  The songs have the same formula: Ritchie starts up doing his own thing, then the band cautiously joins in.  The \\"songs\\" are free-form expositions spanning a full spectrum of varieties of Ritchie.  People who loved Deep Purple won't necessarily like this music.  Blackmore fans place Ritchie up there with the all-time greats (justifiably).  I have yet to hear a decent live Rainbow album.  I have the Dusseldorf concert on the way.  Maybe I'll get lucky.  After hearing this I need to hear my old Deep Purple CD's, though.  Only buy this Germany compilation if you are a Blackmore 'completist'. The best I can say is that this is better than the Munich 77' set.  Don't go there, either.  If you want to hear the best of Blackmore, get the Deep Purple Mark I remasters from EMI (Europe); Machine Head and Live in Japan remasters; and the Live in London pricey import recording and/or Burn (which is an exceptional remastering job).
1575666286|5.0|This is the book that my wife needed to get on track and stay on track.  Inspired writing.  Thanks
B001GCUO5M|4.0|SHUTTER ISLAND is Martin Scorsese's venture into Alfred Hitchcock territory.<br /><br />This is one of those movies that makes me a bit angry.  At 90-105 minutes, it could have been a classic of the genre, but like so many of Scorsese's movies (e.g. GANGS OF NEW YORK, THE AVIATOR), he lets it go on far too long.  137 minutes to be exact.<br /><br />Don't misunderstand.  I think that Scorsese is one of our finest living filmmakers, and SHUTTER ISLAND is an extremely well-made picture.  However, what Marty doesn't seem to get is that \\"less is more\\".<br /><br />Without going into plot specifics, the first act of the picture works very well.  Scorsese creates a wonderful spooky, haunted house-like atmosphere that totally draws you into the story.<br /><br />But, the second act is a total mess.  It wanders all over the place and, rather than my jumping in my seat when the director probably hoped that I would do so, I found myself wondering when the movie was going to get to its overdue climax.  In other words, I was bored.<br /><br />However, there is a twist that leads into the third act that totally took me by surprise and from that point on, I was back with the movie.<br /><br />I just wish that Scorsese and company could have gotten to that point sooner.<br /><br />This is definitely no criticism of the actors, but I would have cut the roles played by Ted Levine and Elias Koteas.  They were totally unnecessary and their scenes did not move the story forward.  I would have also cut some of Michelle Williams' scenes for the same reason.<br /><br /> Michael B. Druxman
B000085RTZ|4.0|I have been doing this in reverse; I started my \\"Kamelot journey\\" with Ghost Opera, then \\"followed\\" the bread crumbs on the live disc back to Black Halo. Of course, listening to the 2nd half of the story line, (and what an amazing listen that has been!) I then had to get the 1st half. This brings me to Epica.    Simply put, I have yet to be dissappointed with anything Kamelot does. They are quickly becoming a favorite band for me. I have no problem comapring them with Dream Theater, Rush, etc. Without question, these guys are in that league, both lyrically and musically - this is a league out by themselves!    If I had gone about this in chronological order, then this album would have impressed me more. As it is, Kamelot has grown and improved with every album. So, that would make this the \\"weakest\\" of the three listed. However, that is not so much a put-down of this album as it is a realization of just how good Black Halo and Ghost Opera are!     The lyrics do a good job of developing the \\"Faust\\" based story line and are essential in setting the scene for Black Halo. The playing is good, as is the production. Perhaps the only issue with this is that it is incomplete without Black Halo. Where BH ends the story and, therefore tends to be able to stand on its own, Epica leaves the listener hanging, even if you already know the ending.    All this is completely minor. Epica is still better music than 95% of what has been released in the last 15+ years or more. A must have disc for anyone even remotely interested in prog metal/symphonic metal or even, just something a cut above the normal.
B000002KHB|5.0|Simply the finest effort in the DP catalog.  The best of the best Machine Head is actually the Roger Glover remaster/remix package (if at all available).  The remastering here is fine.  The songs are tremendous.  Don't hesitate.
B003B56UNC|4.0|If you're new to Hendrix, this is not the album for you.    If you casually know Hendrix, this is not the ablum for you.    If you are a true Hendrix fan, then this album is not for you.    The album features much of Hendrix's unfinished works. It is amazing to see this man's unfinished scraps of gutiar licks, and realizing that they still put guitar players to shame. Because much of the material is unfinished, I would not recommend this for a new, curious Hendrix fan. Hendrix was very particular about his recording. I'm sure he would be disatisfied about how it came out, with him being a perfectionist    For the true Hendrix fan that can name off all them members of the woodstock band of Gypsies from heart (I can), many of these songs have been heard before from bootlegs. You may take it either way at that point. You've heard it before, and at the least its been remastered.    This album is really for people who dig hednrix and want a glipse at his mastery. As a standalone CD it is pretty good, especially by the lower musical standards of today, but compared to the magical genious he was in 67 and 68, i would look to buy the remasted are you experienced?/axis: bold as love/electric ladyland for his really good material. Take a preview ,and if you like it, buy it.
0375703764|1.0|Bought this after a friend on Facebook commented that this was one of the scariest books ever.  This was a really intelligent friend, so I took his word for it.  I was optimistic at the beginning, but the further I read, the more boring it got.  Passed it on to my adult daughter who tried and failed to get interested.  I guess I (and she) are readers to need a \\"hook\\" to get into a book.  (I was however, able to struggle through the first 300 pages of \\"The Name of the Rose\\" until I was \\"hooked\\")  This paperbook version had gorgeous colored graphics inside.....unusual and stunning for a paperback, but did not make up for the style of writing. I really wanted to love this book. Didn't happen.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|believable yet totally fictionalzied so there is no reason to attach it to any historical events.
B000FIHJLK|2.0|The sound on this release is not up to standards.  Stick with the old Deep Purple remasters.
B000VNMMPM|5.0|I first saw this movie on Showtimes, at first I thought it was one of those silly French movies, then it got more and more interesting...the main characters blended well together and the love between them is felt. I loved it, then I had to see it again and finally I ended up ordering it here in Amazon to share with some friends. It's simply a beautiful story, very rare cause nowadays a lot of movies don't make sense.
0802473156|5.0|Very pleased with purchase.  After purchasing 2 books with a credit card I only use on the computer, 3 large purchases were on my bill that I didn't make. Not happy about that.
B000001FT0|4.0|British rock legend Steve Winwood follows up his landmark comeback album \\"Arc of a Diver\\" with another collection of bright, danceable `80's techno-pop.  Winwood still possesses one of rock's iconic voices: bluesy, raw, and powerful, and if you are among those who just don't care for it (I realize some don't) then read no further - there's just no hope for you.  His skills on keyboards have improved substantially since his Traffic days, and the addition of synthesizers has broadened his color palette to fine effect, but maybe the real key to this era in Winwood's career is that he's taking his time in the studio again, crafting his music to a fine polish.  By tracking all the instruments himself, he's avoided the occasional bum notes and lame solos that marred \\"live in the studio\\" releases of the past.  Gone are the nonsense rhymes of yesteryear as well - the lyrics to these songs are clear, heartfelt and soulful.  My personal favorites include the opening \\"Valerie\\", \\"Still in the Game\\", and the awesome title track, all featuring irresistible dance grooves.  There are a couple of weaker tracks, particularly the gospel-tinged \\"There's a River\\", but the hits well outweigh the misses.  If you like `80's Winwood at all, you'll love this one.  Four and half stars.
B000026KG7|4.0|Another of EMI's fine early Purple remasters.  The song content is a bit on the moody/psychedelic side.  Fine, talented playing by all.  Worthy of purchase.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|I saw this in the Theatre in 3D and it was great.  The special effects were just as good in the DVD...I want to live there.  I also gave a copy to our grandkids and their Dad was really excited about it.  They tell me they've watched it a couple times; so have I.  Worth the $$, a real escape!  The good guys win!
078322737X|4.0|AG is a narrative masterfully poised (late summer, 1962) at the brink of a big culture shift, that is BEFORE: the Viet Nam War got more consuming; the civil rights movement expanded (& produced its accompanying legislation); the womens' rights movement began to bud; the Beatles and the counterculture changed American rock and roll; and safety and mileage standards were mandated for automobiles, changing this industry.       The enduring success of this film is largely owed to the writers' letting the 6 protagonists' own lives suggest what was to follow by the decade's end. They are allowed to be themselves in a time and place and we watch with trepidation and irony, wondering how the future will interrupt them. It was no small achievement to resist spelling things out via screenwriter's hindsight. Lucas was also wise NOT to place his story in a major urban center like the affluent northeastern suburbs or, more likely,  Southern California. Fresno was the ideal choice for AG's mise-en-scene -- part rural, mid-size, provincial and more like middle America than the left and right coasts. But it DID have the California car culture that provided the leitmotif for (literally) moving its characters through the story.    It was also the right touch to have disc jockey Wolfman Jack as a sort of Greek chorus - the choice of rock songs and ballads complements the unfolding narrative. On a second level, Wolfman Jack stands for the larger world, and perhaps a bit too literally, when he counsels Curt in the radio station - though this is an effective scene. WJ's broadcasts from the remote desert southwest were said to reach much of the lower half of the US, and at night the right sort of atmospheric conditions extended his signal to the Canadian border. This reach projected the new youth culture across the continent, challenging local traditions. With a few notable exceptions, nearly all of the new \\"youth music\\" was produced in LA, Philadelphia and New York and mass-marketed to the rest of the country and Canada.    The major problem I have with AG, when I saw it in its theatrical release and on the DVD I recently saw, was that it was underlit and appeared murky. This is a serious hindrance to a film that relies on the nuances of facial expression and gesture, especially when the action takes place in darkened car interiors.    Finally, the mysterious (and beset with \\"urban legends\\") blonde cruising in the white T-Bird that initially enraptures the indecisive Curt was a clever symbol for the power of local provinciality to keep its kids at  home. We know she is a fantasy type that never will balance out the equation of personal fulfillment for those who invest in her.
0399250395|5.0|I love this edition of the classic story.  The book is very well made and easy for my three-year-old to manipulate.  The pics are wonderful.  Some of the reviews for this book were negative but inacurate.  They were not rating the book but instead the service due to they never recieved the book.  Others said it was small but unfortunatelly they purchased a miniature edition.  This edition, however, is full sized and wonderful.
B000026KGC|5.0|These EMI remasters (the three Mark I recordings) are all fantastic.  BUY!  Rod Evans was seriously under-rated on vocals.  Apparently he didn't have the vocal power necessary when Deep Purple went out on the concert trail.  In the studio he was memorable.  Ritchie picks up the guitar, missing on much of the Shades of Deep Purple debut.  Songs are top-notch: Shield, Kentucky woman, Wring That Neck, River Deep/Mountain High are great.  Jon Lord is masterful.  The remastering is superb.
0385333846|5.0|One of the most impact full books I have ever read in my entire life. Meaning there is a endless array of anecdotes and plain terrific writing to be seen in this manic portrayal of life. If that sounds boring it isn't my only regret is it ends all too soon and your left wanting to know more about the protagonist's universe. Best book I have ever read period and Chuck Palahniuk is my favorite writer so that's saying something.
B0039TD7PY|5.0|Saw them last week on their 2010 tour, and this CD/DVD captures the feel of the live show. If you can't see them live, this really is the next best thing. Carole King and James Taylor singing old wonderful songs. What could be better??
031606792X|2.0|Even though I don't really like the writing in the Twilight saga, I do like the story.  It is addicting.  Reading it makes you sigh in frustration and wish it were written with a little more skill.      Breaking Dawn was the worse of the lot.  Bella getting pregnant the very first time might seem a bit overdone (as in another review), but it does happen.  Happened to me the first time after the all clear from the doctor after my first baby, and I got pregnant with twins, when my baby was just 3 months old!  So the \\"didn't want to get married, didn't want kids\\" girl getting knocked up with a honeymoon baby I can believe.  I can also understand her sudden desire to be a mother, thinking about having a child and finding out you're having one are two different things. But if his sperm was venomous and produced a half breed child, why didn't it turn Bella right then?      And then we go into her horribly uncomfortable and dangerous pregnancy.  She's so perfect she doesn't complain or cry, but continues to worry about everyone else.  What a sweet martyr.  More realistic would have Bella crying and complaing at least a little, what pregnant woman doesn't at some point?      And then there is the baby.  Never has there been such a perfect and beautiful child.  She does everything right, sleeps through the night, blah, blah, blah.  Let's see some flaws, some tantrums, some whining.  Even though she's a half breed that has accelrated growth and all that, make her seem a little real.      And Bella, she is the perfect vampire, the most beautiful, graceful, gentle, talented, and controlled there ever was.      I would have enjoyed this more, if the characters had some flaws, if everything wasn't perfect and lovely.
B00003INJ6|4.0|Ritchie Blackmore (or his mates) chose to subdue the guitar on this debut album.  Regardless, this is a fine album and EMI did a first-rate remastering job.
B001PPGAIK|4.0|I had low expectations for this film, but I must say I enjoyed it in spite of myself. Part Western and part War in the Pacific, there is something for everyone: romance, sweeping landscapes, cattle drives, stampedes, bush fires, a slice of history with Zeros attacking the port-city of Darwin [These war sequences were especially effective.], and a strong dose of magical realism. Hugh Jackman is the perfect handsome brooding hero, and, as the movie progressed, Nicole Kidman became a splendidly intrepid, if predictable, heroine. The young indigenous Australian boy, always under threat of being relocated, was engaging enough to gain one's empathy. I also found the wide range of ethnic \\"cowboys\\" to be particularly interesting.<br /><br />If the film had a weakness, I would say that it fell into two categories, characterisation and moral message: The villain was unrelentingly villainous (to the point of cliche, gnashing his teeth and glaring at the heroine). Furthermore, the respectable citizens of seemed a bit too obviously snooty to be credible.  Finally, the moral was laid on with a rather heavy trowel (The \\"No Place Like Home\\" scenes from the Wizard of Oz, and the playing of Elgar's \\"Nimrod\\" when the boy regains his heritage as he goes on walkabout at the end of the film seemed engineered to set the tears spilling down one's cheeks).<br /><br />Nevertheless, with the Blu-Ray technique, which enhances the spectacular cinematography, this Australian \\"Western\\"-cum-World War II film presents a worthwhile several hours of viewing. Definitely worth watching!
B0019N8P2W|5.0|I just finished getting through the episodes on this DVD set, and it still spoke to me even though I'm 30 now and not living the life of a smart, sarcastic teenager anymore.  I think Daria might be the greatest teenage female character to have graced our TV screens. Angela Chase had a shot, but got too pathetic over Jordan Catalano.      If you are looking at this listing because you watched the show, buy this DVD set. I so enjoyed watching all of the episodes and know that I'll watch them again.
079073639X|4.0|Sphere comes from a long line of science fiction motion pictures from the late Michael Crichton's catalog of novels.  And it makes sense too when you consider that his material was the inspiration behind the blockbuster Jurassic Park films, television series ER, and the Michael Douglas thriller Disclosure.<br /><br />Of course fans of MC's novels are aware of the strange reality that not all of his books translate to film so smoothly. Among the sinkers; Congo, The 13th  Warrior (Eater's of the Dead), and the disastrous Timeline.  Keeping this in mind, it is always a wise idea to approach MC-based films with a bit of skepticism.  Fortunately Sphere leans closer to the Jurassic Park side of solid science fiction filmmaking, if even not a perfect translation of all of the potential contained within the book of the same name.<br /><br />Sphere tells the tale of a team of various scientists and scholars sent in to investigate a massive 300-year-old alien spacecraft discovered resting on the ocean floor.  Pacing is quite brisk and, like the book, wastes little time in getting the proverbial wheels turning on the intrigue-portion of the prose (which really is both incarnations of this work's primary hook).<br /><br />Set mainly in a claustrophobic underwater habit, Sphere manages to pack a whole lot of Hollywood heavy hitters into a confined area: Dustin Hoffman, Samuel L. Jackson, Sharon Stone, Liev Schreiber and the slightly miscast Queen Latifah to mention a few.<br /><br />Trying to review this picture as an action-adventure wouldn't come close to doing it the justice viewing it as a psychological thriller would and I was acutely aware of this reality going into the film as a longtime fan of the novel.  In that regard it delivers, in fact I was actually surprised at how faithful the first  of the movie are to the book- nearly scene for scene!  Director Barry Levinson does a very admirable job of creating and capturing a suspenseful mood that inspires as much awe and wonder as it does fear or terror.<br /><br />Considering that 1998 is what we now consider the very earliest stages of Hollywood's collective paradigm shift from practical effects to computer generated imaging, the film deserves credit for imagery that still holds up incredibly well even by today's standards.  While in no danger of being called flashy or heavily visually effected, the film certainly relies more heavily on interesting storytelling than it does eye candy.<br /><br />What about that story, you wonder? Well it does play with some pretty cool concepts: Time travel, alien intelligence, mental projection, black holes, and the primitive nature of the human condition.  And like all Crichton works, it does so with frighteningly realistic scientific backing.<br /><br />However, all is not perfect in the film translation, namely the conclusion of all things.  Not that it is fundamentally flawed beyond enjoyment, but rather it feels a little bit rushed (a feeling confirmed by filmmakers in documentaries about the project).  As it stands it works, albeit with a bit of post-viewing discussion necessary about the whys and hows surrounding the final few sequences.  Things certainly could have been explained better in my opinion, however, especially considering the amount of time spent and depth established in the characters leading up to the all-important ending.  The novel manages to outshine the motion picture in this regard thanks to a slightly clearer explanation of the plot's closing stages.<br /><br />I'm big on comparing films like this to other contemporary works, if for nothing else to provide a bit of a framework for potential viewers to draw from when considering purchasing, watching, or even just renting the film in question.  That said, Sphere would likely appeal to fans of James Cameron's The Abyss, or perhaps even space-set science fiction pictures such as Event Horizon, Sunshine, or Supernova.<br /><br />Calling it a masterpiece may be a bit too generous with praise but at the same time I find very little about this film that I would personally attempt to correct or improve upon were it mine to tweak (save a bit more precise ending).  In all, solid science fiction that, thanks to discount bins everywhere can be had for next to nothing.  The DVD even contains a nice chunk of special features including a featurette with the special effects guys and a full-length audio commentary with actors Samuel L. Jackson and a mumbling Dustin Hoffman.  Just be forewarned, I was unable to access the menu to view such goodies on my DVD player except by having fast forwarded through the end credits- Points off for the DVD authoring, sure, but no sense missing out on an otherwise solid piece of sci-fi over that.lm that I would personally attempt to correct or improve upon were it mine to tweak (save a bit more precise ending).  In all, solid science fiction that, thanks to discount bins everywhere can be had for next to nothing.  The DVD even contains a nice chunk of special features including a featurette with the special effects guys and a full-length audio commentary with actors Samuel L. Jackson and a mumbling Dustin Hoffman.  Just be forewarned, I was unable to access the menu to view such goodies on my DVD player except by having fast forwarded through the end credits- Points off for the DVD authoring, sure, but no sense missing out on an otherwise solid piece of sci-fi over that.
B0036XN2L2|1.0|This is a complete letdown after the 2 best albums of their career (Unbreakable and ESPECIALLY Humanity Hour 1). I should really just be doing a review of Humanity Hour 1 and leaving this alone... that album completely blew my mind. Sting In The Tail sounds like the Scorps are intentionally trying to play to the teenager that they hope is still within their mostly 40-something fans and, well... this listener ain't buying it. All the cock-rock cliches have been dusted off and are on full display here. I would have expected that from a band like Twisted Sister or Poison. Not the Scorpions! (Judas Priest did the same thing a couple years ago - WTF!) Bummer... I'm guessing we'll get an awesome dvd from this big tour they're doing. I'll be looking 4ward to that.
B0002O06N0|5.0|This is the first Black Keys album I have ever purchased and it will definitely not be the last.     With only two guys, you would think some of their songs would sound similiar, but that is really not the case. This band is beyond description - just buy the album!!
B003CFBQBW|3.0|Right off I'm going to state that this is my least favorite of the three soundtracks.  Not that this isn't a really good album; it's just not gripping me like the first two did. There are definitely songs here that will go on my Twilight playlist - Florence + the Machine, Black Keys, the Bravery, Muse (because I love them), Beck & Bat for Lashes, Vampire Weekend and Metric.    Breakdown:  1)Eclipse (All Yours): Metric.  This song is good, but it feels so polished that it is almost pop.  It doesn't feel as edgy as many of the others. I like it, though. 3.5/5  2)Neutron Star Collision: Muse. Enjoyable, and anything that has Matt on the piano is ok with me.  Not their best effort (as Supermassive Black Hole and I Belong To You show), but good. 3.5/5  3)Ours: The Bravery.  Love it. Great beat and right up my alley. 5/5  4)Heavy in Your Arms: Florence + the Machine. This one grew on me. My first reaction was \\"NO\\" but it finally just drew me in. Love the deep bass and beat. This song literally sounds heavy. 5/5  5)My Love: Sia. I enjoy her music so I was really looking forward to this song.  It is very good, but doesn't seem to flow as smoothly as some of her other songs. I may be spoiled by Lykke Li's \\"Possibility\\" from New Moon, but I really wanted a melodic, haunting song like that and this falls a little short. 3.5/5  6)Atlas: Fanfarlo. Good song and an enjoyable listen. 3.5/5  7)Chop and Change: The Black Keys. Love the dark, bluesy tones. 4/5  8)Rolling in on a Burning Tire: the Dead Weather. It's ok, but not a favorite. I'm not really familiar with their music and I'm not a big Jack White fan, so take that into consideration. 3/5  9)Let's Get Lost: Beck & Bat for Lashes.  Really like this collaboration.  Would like to hear more from them. 4/5  10)Jonathan Low: Vampire Weekend. Hadn't really heard anything from this group before, but this is a catchy song. 4/5  11)With You in My Head: UNKLE. My least favorite song. 2/5  12)A Million Miles an Hour: Eastern ConferenceChampions. Like the rhythm/beat; smooth.  4/5  13)Life on Earth: Band of Horses. I love their first two albums. This song isn't up to those standards. Pretty. 3/5  14)What Part of Forever: Cee-lo. Mellow song, but it doesn't grip me. 3/5  15)Jacob's Theme: Howard Shore. I don't think a single piano does justice to this song. I kept waiting for the strings to jump in. More complex than Alexandre Desplat's \\"The Meadow\\" from New Moon, I could picture Jacob in wolf form running in the woods off to Canada to get away from the wedding plans with a full orchestra playing this melody. Not as immediately haunting as Desplat's theme (which I repeated several times when I first got the New Moon soundtrack), but nice. I'm looking forward to the full score later this month. 3.5/5    I'm giving the edge in soundtracks to last year's New Moon (I love the indie feel to it), with Twilight close behind for those days when I want more upbeat songs. This is a very solid album; it just doesn't speak to me as deeply as the previous ones. Overall, 3.5 stars.
1410425363|5.0|When I saw this book at a local Sam's Club store, I thought `Hey, the price is not bad. I should buy it and read it and create an essay about it,` which is what I usually do after I read a book so that I'll have full understanding on what the book is about and can come back to it for future purposes. I wasn't skeptical or scared about reading the book like other people who have read Rick Riordan's Percy Jackson and the Olympians series -- since I haven't read those particular books yet -- and thought The Red Pyramid wouldn't be as good. In all honesty, I really loved this book and thought Rick's idea of adding raw history material with fantasy elements was a wonderful idea, not to mention the comedic performances of the children and the Gods many times in the story.    ( SEMI-SPOILER! )    At first I had a hard time following the names of spells and of the Egyptian Gods in general and their main purpose, but as I continued to read on I became very aware of those things and even started adding my guesses on things like: who would win the war between the Kane's and Set, or if Bast really did die, and whatever happened to Leroy?! Those kind of things. This is a very, very exciting book. I would be greatly honored to read it a second time in the future.
B002ZG9846|5.0|To briefly summarize, \\"Kick-Ass\\" is the best comic book movie of the year (thus far)! Don't get me wrong, Iron Man 2 is a VERY close second, but \\"Kick-Ass\\" bests it simply because of its ability to be both serious and laugh at itself (not taking itself too seriously); in other words, what all Marvel movies try to do, but usually fail.<br /><br />In Alan Moore's masterpiece graphic novel [[ASIN:1401219268 Watchmen]], Hollis Mason (the original Nite Owl) stated that the reason people started dressing up as costumed crimefighters was because of the criminals dressing in themed costumes, hence the superhero was born. In [[ASIN:B001GZ6QEC The Dark Knight (+ BD Live) [Blu-ray]]] film, Heath Ledger's Joker menacingly taunts Batman, stating: \\"Those mob fools want you gone so they can get back to the way things were. But I know the truth: there's no going back. You've changed things... forever.\\" And from there, we know that Batman has inspired this new cache of supervillains in his world. Well, it's with that same inspiration that a lonely teenager Dave Lizewski (Aaron Johnson) asks, \\"How come nobody's ever tried to be a superhero?\\" From there begins a realistic, violent-yet-comic story of his attempt to become just that: a superhero called Kick-Ass.<br /><br />What starts off as \\"Kick-Ass\\" just trying to clean up the streets becomes a tale of a scared kid who's in above his head as he tries to avoid getting caught in the crosshairs of every hitman's gun under the orders of a mob boss (Mark Strong). Fumbling his way through his crimefighting career, Lizewski crosses paths with Big Daddy (Nicholas Cage) and Hit-Girl (the EXCELLENT Chloe Moretz), other vigilante crimefighters who make him look like what he is: an amateur. Along the way, he also meets a friend (similar to James Franco's Harry Osborn in the Spider-Man films), Chris D'Amico (Superbad's Christopher Mintz-Plasse), and further develops his crush on Katie Deauxma (Lyndsy Fonseca).<br /><br />There's been plenty of criticism about the film since it's release having to do with the supposed insult of Lizewski's dad being afraid that his son was gay; because that would be such a bad thing for a father to have to face (and yes, I'm being sarcastic with that statement). And the idea of Chloe Moretz's Hit-Girl being seen as a sex symbol as some moviegoers repeat a statement one of the characters, seeing her in action, declares, \\"I think I'm in love with her!\\" The \\"gay controversy\\" was reported by Entertainment Weekly. First of all, let's get this straightened out, Lizewski's dad in the film is scared by the idea that his son was prostituting himself, stripped naked and robbed ... not the mere fact that he was gay. Second, there will be boys who find Hit-Girl's dominating action as a turn-on, and that is disturbing, given her age (11-years-old). But, being as I'm not someone who views that as \\"hot,\\" but rather just as really cool, that aspect therefore doesn't enter my mind and doesn't affect the quality of the movie in the slightest. To all the naysayers, I say, \\"Lighten up.\\" It's a film about a kid who poses as a superhero. It's to be taken with a grain of salt. Besides, would there be so much \\"controversy\\" if it were a boy who was kicking ass and shooting guns and cussing like a sailor? Also, in a world where there are very few young female crimefighters, Hit-Girl -- despite her age -- could be seen as a role model. She's tough, independent and completely confident. But more on her in a second.<br /><br />Nevertheless, there are true themes of morality that pepper the story of Kick-Ass. The ever-present theme of \\"With great power, comes great responsibility\\" is tackled in various incarnations throughout. Let's revisit Hit-Girl and her double life. Damon Macready/Big Daddy's (Cage) quest for revenge on the death of his wife and the pathologically violent path it's taken his daughter Mindy Macready (Moretz) down is explored with great depth, as is the hazard of posing as a crimefighter/policeman/detective/etc. in a job that is extremely dangerous. The violence is plentiful and stylized as much as it is brutal and unforgiving. The question of a little girl crimefighter/vigilante is not \\"Does she have the right?\\" but rather is, \\"Should a little girl of eleven-years-old be subjected to such violence?\\" Well, first of all, again, it's a movie based on a comic book so it's whatever the writers want it to be. Secondly, if this were the real world (and being a father of two daughters), then no, she shouldn't be raised in such a matter. And the end of the film comes up with a way to address this issue. Either way, with the movies Moretz has been involved with ([[ASIN:B001UV4XUQ (500) Days of Summer [Blu-ray] with Digital Copy]] and the upcoming U.S. remake of [[ASIN:B001MYIXAW Let the Right One In [Blu-ray]]] entitled \\"Let Me In\\"), she shows great potential as an actress.<br /><br />Overall, \\"Kick-Ass\\" is a fun film! It's got very adult situations (violence, language and a quicky sex scene thrown in for good measure), but from its dark humor beginning to its sequel-potential ending, Matthew Vaughn's adaptation of Mark Millar's ([[ASIN:1582404976 Wanted]]) comic hits all the right chords. I was skeptical about Mintz-Plasse's portrayal of Red Mist, but he surprisingly played the part convincingly and believably. For fans of the comic who read the comic before seeing the movie (as I did), there are slight differences near the end -- that I can only think for the reason of satisfying the moviegoing masses -- that were changed. However, these changes don't greatly alter the quality of the story. It's been said there will already be a sequel based on Millar's second half of the comic series tentatively called \\"Balls to the Wall.\\" Unfortunately, Millar won't be releasing that series for at least another year or so. Until then, the DVD release of \\"Kick-Ass\\" will have to suffice!job that is extremely dangerous. The violence is plentiful and stylized as much as it is brutal and unforgiving. The question of a little girl crimefighter/vigilante is not \\"Does she have the right?\\" but rather is, \\"Should a little girl of eleven-years-old be subjected to such violence?\\" Well, first of all, again, it's a movie based on a comic book so it's whatever the writers want it to be. Secondly, if this were the real world (and being a father of two daughters), then no, she shouldn't be raised in such a matter. And the end of the film comes up with a way to address this issue. Either way, with the movies Moretz has been involved with ([[ASIN:B001UV4XUQ (500) Days of Summer [Blu-ray] with Digital Copy]] and the upcoming U.S. remake of [[ASIN:B001MYIXAW Let the Right One In [Blu-ray]]] entitled \\"Let Me In\\"), she shows great potential as an actress.    Overall, \\"Kick-Ass\\" is a fun film! It's got very adult situations (violence, language and a quicky sex scene thrown in for good measure), but from its dark humor beginning to its sequel-potential ending, Matthew Vaughn's adaptation of Mark Millar's ([[ASIN:1582404976 Wanted]]) comic hits all the right chords. I was skeptical about Mintz-Plasse's portrayal of Red Mist, but he surprisingly played the part convincingly and believably. For fans of the comic who read the comic before seeing the movie (as I did), there are slight differences near the end -- that I can only think for the reason of satisfying the moviegoing masses -- that were changed. However, these changes don't greatly alter the quality of the story. It's been said there will already be a sequel based on Millar's second half of the comic series tentatively called \\"Balls to the Wall.\\" Unfortunately, Millar won't be releasing that series for at least another year or so. Until then, the DVD release of \\"Kick-Ass\\" will have to suffice!
B00008O31H|5.0|This is another great one by the Black Keys. I have recommended them to so many friends and they have all loved them as much as I do!
B001FB563E|3.0|I was disappointed in this movie.  Did not live up to the hype from online reviews.  Its a rental.  The Book of Eli was a much, much better movie along the same lines as this post apocalyptic movie.
B002ZCY7SW|5.0|Let me qualify by saying that I have been a fan of \\"24\\" since it first premiered in November of 2001. I have watched the show religiously and have all of the DVD sets. Anyone who knows me and wasn't into \\"24\\" soon found themselves addicted to this insensate wargasm of pure adrenaline. That being said, as many other reviewers have said, the cracks were beginning to form. Indeed, when one analyzes the show from start to finish, one will find that show operated in spurts -- vacillating from truly great and memorable to contrite and contrived. For instance, Day 1 was simply fantastic, Day 2 was an excellent evolution which emphasized action, Day 3, however, was painful and convoluted. The writers then readjusted themselves and came back with Day 4 which was a wonderful reinvention of the show. This ultimately led into my second favorite season (next to Day 1) of Day 5. Building off this remarkable year, the writers began with the best 4-hours the show ever produced: the Day Six premiere. However, the show once again began to loose steam until, finally, Day Six became the WORST season ever produced. Due to the Writer's Guild Strike in 2007-2008, the writers of \\"24\\" were able to take a much-needed break and reassess the state of the show and once again, reinvented it. I, personally, cared for only parts of Day 7 but felt it was infinitely better than both Days 3 and 6 (the low points of the show). Then came Day 8 which appeared to be a true return to glory.    From the start of this season, it was truly something monumental. The story was wonderfully topical, the characters were the most honed-in and refreshing they've ever been, and the villains were (with the exception of the lead Iranian terrorist who felt did not even touch prior Islamist villains on the show like Sayyid Ali and Marwan) excellent. Everything about this season screamed that \\"24\\" had returned to its former glory. As a fan hoping for the show to repay me for two abysmal seasons, I was hoping this was thestart of what would lead to at least two more great seasons, which would allow the series to end on an even 10 seasons. However, the writers (understandably) chose to end this season on top. I do not begrudge them that decision -- particularly since it HAS BEEN CONFIRMED that \\"24\\" is being made into a film series -- but this does not excuse them from writing a proper series finale.    The entire season -- particularly the back episodes which introduced Michael Madsen's character and, more importantly, my favorite character in the show (aside from Jack, of course): Charles Logan -- was simply fantastic. However, by the finale there were several plot threads that needed to be tied up WELL. A good series finale always has a sense of closure to it and there was absolutely NO CLOSURE to this finale whatsoever. It literally ends with the same sense of \\"to be continued\\" like Day 4. In fact, it was an almost identical ending with Jack walking off into the sunset, into a life of anonymity. I did not want this as a fan of the series. I understand that there's only so much they can do if the series is continuing in films. However, after dedicating almost a decade to this otherwise awesome show there are many questions that need to be answered ends in need of tying up. For instance:  1) Why didn't Logan die?  2) Why didn't Jack go through with his plans to kill Suvarov?  3) Why didn't the writers complete Taylor's Tragedy by having the forced peace come into existence?  4) What the hell happened to Michael Madsen's character?    This finale had no closure, it was simply to be continued and that's unfortunate because I was hoping for some form of closure and for the world to be much darker by the end, to better set up for the films. All in all this is one of the greatest series of all time, Season Eight was a great year, and the finale would have made a great SEASON finale but it made for an otherwise totally unsatisfactory SERIES FINALE.    Thank you.
0439023491|5.0|I didn't think the second book would grip me as much as the first but I was wrong!  The Hunger Games was page after page of action, this book takes it down a notch, but does not let go of it's grip on me.  You find out what life is like in District 12 as well as the other districts and the Capitol.  I can't imagine living in a society where you can't speak freely in your own home, you fear that you are being watched and heard every second of the day.  Those moments that you think are your own and private, someone else has tapped into it and use it against you.  It almost feels safer in the arena.<br /><br />Great book and I can't wait to read the next one!  This whole series reminds me of V for Vendetta, but with a softer edge to it.  The plot twists and unexpectedness of it all.....amazing.
B000777J32|5.0|Just to listen to his voice and to hear his lyrics and melodies I want to meet him.  Gentle kindness, the beauty is his art, the sadness and beauty of our existence comes through in his work!  Anthony, email me for tea!
0226039331|5.0|I have little to add by way of accolades already mentioned. Rather, I want to EMPHASIZE a few points already made. I used the 2nd edition and now the 3rd. The typography - specifically the bold for the Greek words and the scripture references - make this a pleasure to use. It requires so much less arduous visual tracking and scanning. The typography alone would be worth the upgrade for someone like myself who frequently uses this volume. The second point to emphasize is the use of definitions rather than simple glosses (i.e., a gloss being a simple listing of equivalent of English words; though it must be mentioned that many words still have simple glosses rather than definitions). It is nice to know that this incorporates more recent work (e.g., DELG and Spicq, and also more use of the papyri plus a recanvassing of classical sources), but the typography and definitions are the most helpful upgrade for me.    If you are the type that keeps a copy of Bauer on your shelf because you took Greek, use it little, but occasionally pull it off the shelf, then this is a worthless upgrade. If, however, you make a fair use of this on a regular basis, then the improved features I mentioned make it worthwhile (go several Fridays with homemade tuna sandwiches and skip pizza night and save up the difference and buy this lexicon).
B000QGEB12|4.0|I'm a martials arts movie semi-fanatic. I love old skool kung fu movies with the terrible acting but good coordinated fight scenes but I also love the newer more visual effects movies such as Ninja Assasin. Kung Fu hustle is a pretty good kung fu movie with a little added twist of humor here and there. The plot is pretty good the first few fight scenes are pretty damn nice. My only problem  with the movie and why I dont give it five stars is because the last fight scene isnt all that great. After the first few fight scenes of the movie I expected something a lot more awesome and intense than what was given. It was a pretty good let down but other than that, I rewind or track back to the other fight scenes and watch them all the time.
0439023483|5.0|This was such a great book, I don't know where to begin.  When I read the insert of this book, I thought it would be just an ok read, something to fill the time in between my other books.  I was so wrong!  It's such a great book, Suzanne Collins truly describes a post North American society that is so creative and believable.  The main character, Katniss, is young and truly likable without being overly \\"good\\" and \\"innocent\\".  She's a survivor, she's strong and caring and fiercely loyal and defensive of those she loves.    I love Peeta and Gale, they are the type of guys you want to fall in love with, the problem is you wish they could be rolled up into one person.  One is so sweet and caring and has no problems being open about his love an affection, the other is so strong and dependable and just enough manliness in him so that you feel safe and secure.  I haven't decided who I want Katniss to end up with, they are both such great guys!  And all this romance and intermal struggle that Katniss has to figure out while being thrown into an arena with 23 other people for a fight to the death......it kept me on the edge of my seat.    I read until 2AM, I could have kept on going, but I have to work in the morning and I have a 20 month year old toddler that doesn't let mommy stop for naps.  GREAT READ, HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT.
1932100660|1.0|This book is loaded with half-truths.  Yes, some of the topics covered are accurate, and would be informative to some.  Yet, a great many of the statistics are misleading or absolutely incorrect.  No matter what impression the author or his cohorts try to portray about the \\"scientific validity\\" of the data, the fact of the matter is that the comparative studies and deductions of those studies do NOT follow the principles of the scientific methods. This book is based on opinion and handpicked statistics that ignore the core data that vegetarianism is great for a periodic cleanse, but should not be practice over long periods of time.  My wife was a strict vegetarian for 30 years she never ate any meat from inside the womb to the ripe age of 30.  This is not the time or place to get into the countless deficiencies that is a byproduct of this lifestyle choice.  I practiced this for 7 years and learned a lot from it.  I eat meat now everyday, yet I eat more vegetables than any vegetarian I have ever met (I live in Oregon), believe me there are a lot of them around here.  Bottom-line this book would make a great fire started, paper weight, or to prop up a table, other then that it is utterly useless.    DO NOT BUY!  Also be leery of others who proclaim this is a doctrine of truth, for anyone who will live their life merely off of the opinion of another is a fool (this includes my opinion)  THINK FOR YOURSELF!
B003JSSPSY|5.0|The show is fun and the characters are sophisticated. With the addition of a Mord-sith, Cara, the dynamic of the group is a lot more interesting. I really think it's probably one of the better show on tv this year. Beautifully shot cinematography, best music score on TV, beautiful and superb cast with amazing chemistry, one of the best special fx on TV (better than Heroes and way better than Lost), and on top of that the character developments are interesting (unlike Heroes and some other tv shows). It just sucks that not many people know because it's syndicated run. And the air time that this show gets is at the worst possible time with almost no advertisement.<br /><br />For scifi/fantasy fan, this series is a definite must-have. Do not expect that it would be exactly like the books, it doesnt usually work out like that. Watch it with an open mind. I personally enjoy the tv version a bit better. It translates better on screen. Bridget Regan and Tabrett Bethell are excellent in portraying their characters. I like them more than the original version. Craig Horner is excellent too.
0385736002|5.0|I bought this for my 10 year old daughter because I saw the title included a name from the Harry Potter books.  Thought it was a very interesting storyline.  I was right.  My daughter told me I \\"HAD\\" to read this and that she really liked it.  We are both big HP fans and I knew if she couldn't stop talking about the book that it must be pretty good.  I just finished it and must say it had just the right amount of magic, fantasy, mythology, and mystery.  I think it helped make the book interesting that you never quite knew who was good or bad.  Is Nicholas Flamel doing all these things for selfish reasons or does he really want to save the world?  I also like Michael Scott's take on the history of the earth.  Very interesting.
B003JSU2NU|4.0|The first of the Twilght Soundtracks was not a dissapointment. It already contained some of my favorite bands to begin with not to mention new bands that I fell in love with. If you're a fan of any of these bands then you should check out the soundtracks. Twilight fans and Twilight foes alike will love this music.<br /><br />I love how these soundtracks bring indie bands that are not in the mainstream and bring them into the light. I honestly haven't found a soundtrack in my life that brings so much emotion and power into a single soundtrack. You can hate these movies and the books, honestly, you can just hate anything to do with Twilight period! If you just like good music then buy it just to check out these bands.<br /><br />The Eclipse soundtrack isn't as great as the New Moon and Twilight soundtracks but it's still good.
0060594896|5.0|I've been feeling stuck for awhile and Jack Canfield has become my personal coach through his simple yet powerful principles.  I read the first chapter and had to put it down because it hit me right where it hurt.<br /><br />After reading only a few pages, I bought another copy for my sister who read more than half the book in less than a weeks time because it was that good.
B003M6DJF2|5.0|What a truly amazing show, well written, funny, poignant and with an incredible cast of talented musicians and actors. Lea Michelle is unbelievably gifted and the rest of the cast is right there with her. WOW!
B003B02O3C|2.0|Bummer, I can't stand when good books have the reading feature disabled on Kindle.  Never would have bought it if I'd seen that...
0525423842|2.0|I have yet to read a Grisham book I did not enjoy, and I enjoyed this one also, but was also very disappointed. Perhaps it is because my copy ends on page 263, without even the words THE END, and it felt as if there were at least two chapters missing. Then I read other reviews of the book and found that I really did reach THE END. I hope there is a sequel, and I will read it, but only to see if the central plot gets resolved.<br /><br />As a Grisham Juvenile, A PAINTED HOUSE is far superior. The young protagonist of that story is almost believable; Theo is merely a narrator, holding far too many attitudes of the Omniscient Author. After reading many of the reviews from other readers I am forced to agree with most of the most critical reviews. I think my enjoyment derived mostly from the expectation of hearing the Grisham Voice. It was very faint in this book.
B003J27WFW|5.0|I've seen an advance DVD of Disc 1, the main film, and it is very, very good. Rush's humor, which often escaped (and still does, remarkably) critics shines through on this set. The way the filmmakers and Alex, Geddy and Neil themselves explain things is fascinating. Now we know why Neil really never does meet-and-greets, even with equally famous people. The early footage of John Rutsey (RIP) on drums was rewarding too, from a historical pespective. What is more shocking, though, is how clean the \\"Exit Stage Left\\" concert footage looks on this release, compared to the DVD version released by Rush a few years back. The live 1981 clips on here look like they were shot yesterday, except for the slightly hazy, gauzy camera lens effect so often employed to movies and TV back in the early 1980s, and, of course, the fashion styles. Maybe we'll get a cleaned-up version of the \\"Exit Stage Left\\" movie with extra footage someday.  Back to \\"Beyond the Lighted Stage\\" - even hard-core Rush fans who think they know everything about Canada's most famous trio will be captivated by this documentary. I certainly learned a lot from watching, and I've been a fan since 1983. It's almost amazing to see film footage of Rush as teenagers - the clip of a young Lifeson defying his parents' wishes to pursue school is a time capsule deluxe. :)    Picture and sound are clear and look great on the first disc. (Still waiting for the second (bonus features) DVD advance.) Rush fans will only be disappointed in the fact that we all wish this was a 3-hour documentary film, but 1 hour and 48 minutes is a lot better than nothing. Enjoy, and play it loud. Long live Rush ....    P.S. The celebrity interviews included throughout the movie are like the ones included in The Who's equally great \\"Amazing Journey\\" documentary film - the talking head clips are short, to the point and never detract from Rush's greatness. Even Les Claypool, definitely a stellar bassist but a man who was cold and uncharacteristically boring during our interview last year, seems to come alive with some passion when discussing Rush. :)
B003EVWDR0|5.0|I wanted to but the movie. I couldn't because my Flash player was out of date. I would have had to close my browser with other things that i was working on to update the Flash player to buy a movie. :\    Love the movie maybe i will just go buy it in a store.  M
B001BMXFX0|1.0|I loathe this book! It was ridiculous! I hate that I wasted my time reading it and the sad part is the movie sucked too (Sorry Mark Walberg) but at least the movie was better than this garbage we refer to a \\"book\\"!
B001C08RHA|5.0|This movie lived up to all that I heard it would be.  My family enjoyed it, before we go to see Iron Man 2
B001FB4W0C|5.0|Oh I love Supernatural! Season 4 is their best one yet. I haven't watch season 5. The brothers are back at their hunting game. I like how they developed the character so well and how the brothers changed because of the things they went through. One annoying fact, Dean's voice keep getting deeper... In this season, Dean is still being overly protective of Sam. He has more responsibility than just hunting monsters in this season. He's the \\"chosen\\" one by the angels. Yes, they introduced angels in this season. They have their own twisted agenda and the demons fear them.  Viewers also get to see \\"softer\\" side of Dean with his emotional scenes. Jensen is a great actor and fit for the role. Moreover Sam has changed, he's darker and more confused in this season. Sam character has definitely changed a lot in this one, from the all-American caring guy to a \\"drug-addict\\" junky. The best about this season is they introduced Castiel. I in love with him! Misha is a great addition (his acting and the character - Castiel) to the series. His expression is always innocent and oblivious, is so damn cute! Back on topic, the brothers are going after Lilith for \\"revenge\\" and they run into a whole new can-of-worms on their hand!
B00110K62U|5.0|This is a concert that I can listen to over and over again.   The cast could not be any better.  I am a big fan of Michael Ball and his performance is outstanding.
B00005JM0B|2.0|Remember back in my reviews of the first two Terminator movies when I would review Rise of the Machines eventually? That was long overdue and now I am finally going to review it. This will be my response to BackToGood's review of this movie. I am not making fun of anybody who may like the film, I am just going to explain my opinions. I think of this as the weakest link in the franchise. The movie takes place in the year 2004 and after the events of Judgment Day, Skynet didn't give up. They send a female Terminator known as the Terminatrix (T-X for short, played by Kristanna Loken) to kill a now adult John Connor (Nick Stahl) while the rebels send a reprogrammed T-850 (Arnold Schwarzenegger) to defend him and another victim Kate Brewster (Claire Daines). Gee, does that sound familiar? That's right. It is the basically the same premise as the first two. As it turns out, in 2032, the T-850 killed Connor in battle before Kate successfully reprogrammed it and Judgment Day is inevitable. We also learn that Sarah died of Leukemia prior to the events of this entry and after Cyberdyne was destroyed in its predecessor, the U.S. Air Force took over the Skynet project, and John and Kate were married in the future. How is that possible? I thought all the evidence was eliminated in the second film's climax and the severed arm of the T-800 would have been useless! I heard in the novel that John tossed the arm in the molten steel as well. After a series of mishaps, the T-X manages to spread some virus in the Skynet system when it activated. After a cartoonish fight between the two terminators, the T-850 took on so much damage that he begins to attack John from the malfunctioning system, but manages to resist and temporarily shut down to recover while John and Kate get to the so-called Skynet core. The T-850 uses an exploding power cell and sacrifices himself to eliminate the T-X. However, John and Kate realize that Skynet doesn't have a source and instead is a software system thathas spread to all the computers in the world, which is why Judgment Day would still occur anyway, so John decides to become the leader of the Resistance and fulfill his destiny. I'm sorry, but I just couldn't get into this movie. It is just mediocre at best. The story is not interesting, the acting is wooden, the logic makes no sense, the action scenes are silly, and the visual effects are nothing special. The C.G.I. is the same quality as those of many films today and has some of the fakest looking makeup in the entire series! Even the first movie had better makeup than that, and that was a low-budget B-movie! I didn't think it added much to the story either. All it had to offer is saying the children of John and Kate would have an important purpose later on, hence Kate's pregnancy in Salvation, and that's it! Nothing compared to what the first two had to offer. And the biggest oddity, a female terminator! Loken showed no talent in comparison to the T-800 and T-1000 from the first two, she is just more like a sex symbol similar to Megan Fox! Come on, cyborgs aren't sexy, cyborgs are steel! Give me talent over eye candy anyday! I understand that T2 had a few loose ends like John still existing after thinking Skynet was erased (Think about it, Kyle Reese was sent to the past to protect Sarah in the first movie and they conceived John during their last night together so if Skynet was stopped, John would normally cease to exist, but he didn't!), but the Sarah Connor Chronicles make this entry obsolete and unnecessary because it was so much better, in fact ranks right up with the two Cameron ones. I just had to see the pilot episode to know how good the show was in general. I usually give entries in a franchise that try something new better reviews than those that are basically spoofs, and this is no exception. You know? A breath of fresh air! Even Salvation was better than this (guilty pleasure, that is), and that was rated PG-13! Live Free or Die Hard is the prime example that the MPAA rating does not a good or bad movie make. Unless if you are a true Terminator fan, please rent it first. Just my two cents.<br /><br />If you want to know more as to why this is my personal least favorite of the series, Chris Lighthiser did a 5-part rant of this film on Youtube which is on the \\"like\\" list of my Youtube account labeled under my real name, Jerred Zoll.  Pretty much everything he says, I agree on.
B002QFYJF4|5.0|I remember driving 2 hours away to see this movie in theaters, because it wasn't playing in my city (and I live in the 3rd largest city in my state). I also remembering thinking how much it was worth it. This movie is incredible. Granted, it's NOT for everyone. It is 3 hours long, and very slow-paced. Some people will get bored with it. But for those with a mind for film, for great, grandiose pictures, this is the pinnacle. I liked Boogie Nights, but P.T. Anderson hit it out the park with Magnolia. The ensemble cast is superb (especially John C. Reilly, William H. Macy, and Philip Seymour Hoffman), the interweaving storylines are impeccably done, the integrated soundtrack by Aimee Mann gives it a haunting ambiance, and the overall feel of the movie is just golden. It will be a long time (if ever) before I find a movie strong enough to kick this one out of my #1 spot in my Top 10 list.
030726999X|4.0|The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest is a satisfying (although somewhat bloated) conclusion to Larsson's Millennium trilogy.  Anyone who hasn't read the previous two entries in the series shouldn't even consider reading this novel yet.  You need to start at the beginning.  This novel is a continuation of The Girl Who Played with Fire (which could have ended with the tag line \\"to be continued\\").  The first novel is self contained, but the second two are essentially two parts of one story.  As a result, this novel hits the ground running where we left off with Salander being raced off to hospital with a bullet in her skull.  A downside though, is that much of the first 100 pages is used to 'catch the reader up' on characters and events from the second novel.<br /><br />It is interesting to note the changes in genre that this series goes through over the course of three novels.  The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a more traditional mystery novel as Blomkvist is retained to solve an old mystery of a missing teenager and ends up exposing a serial killer.  Fire is a little more of a suspense/action novel (once it gets past a slow start) where the bad guys are identified all along for the reader.  Hornet's Nest is a little more of a spy game and courtroom drama where shadowy government agencies and conspiracies are unraveled.<br /><br />I thought the first novel was excellent, hands down.  The second novel was good but I thought some of the characters were a little too cartoony and some of the action a little too unbelievable.  My opinion of the third novel is generally positive but I do have a few relatively minor grievances.<br /><br />The courtroom sequence is highly entertaining and is clearly designed to make readers stand up and cheer.  I found it a little contrived and I would say unrealistic, but maybe trials in Sweden are that loose procedurally (I have no idea).  Certainly if it were a North American trail I would have no hesitation in saying it was completely unrealistic.  But still, very compelling entertainment.<br /><br />The novel gets a little bogged down with irrelevant side plots.  The most egregious example is the story-line about Erika Berger's new job as editor-in-chief of a stodgy newspaper and the stalker she attracts.  This story-line has little or no bearing on the central story and appears to be introduced only as a way of keeping a recurring character active throughout the novel.  Hornet's Nest would have benefited from some serious editing to remove some of these distractions.<br /><br />Salander is central to the story but because she is hospitalized and bed ridden for much of the novel, she takes a back seat for much of Hornet's Nest, which is unfortunate.  All in all though, the quality of this series holds up through all three novels.  The first novel is the best one and can be read as a stand-alone mystery.  Potential readers of the series need not feel compelled to commit to reading all three or none at all.  Tattoo can stand alone, and readers can decide if they want to carry on with these characters or not through the two-part sequel.  If they chose to forge on, I think most readers will find these two novels satisfying, even if they don't quite measure up to the first .<br /><br />Overall, this is an excellent series and Hornet's Nest, while a little bloated, is a fitting end to it.  It is unfortunate that Larsson won't be able to continue to write (on account of his death) but it's quite possible these books would never have been discovered if he hadn't passed away.ll, very compelling entertainment.    The novel gets a little bogged down with irrelevant side plots.  The most egregious example is the story-line about Erika Berger's new job as editor-in-chief of a stodgy newspaper and the stalker she attracts.  This story-line has little or no bearing on the central story and appears to be introduced only as a way of keeping a recurring character active throughout the novel.  Hornet's Nest would have benefited from some serious editing to remove some of these distractions.    Salander is central to the story but because she is hospitalized and bed ridden for much of the novel, she takes a back seat for much of Hornet's Nest, which is unfortunate.  All in all though, the quality of this series holds up through all three novels.  The first novel is the best one and can be read as a stand-alone mystery.  Potential readers of the series need not feel compelled to commit to reading all three or none at all.  Tattoo can stand alone, and readers can decide if they want to carry on with these characters or not through the two-part sequel.  If they chose to forge on, I think most readers will find these two novels satisfying, even if they don't quite measure up to the first .      Overall, this is an excellent series and Hornet's Nest, while a little bloated, is a fitting end to it.  It is unfortunate that Larsson won't be able to continue to write (on account of his death) but it's quite possible these books would never have been discovered if he hadn't passed away.
3190016577|5.0|The book is very useful for those who want go deeper in German grammar. There are a lot of exercises and special information about the most important topics like prepositions, verbs, adverbs, pronouns, etc. This book is a good review on the basic and intermediate levels but at the same time additional aspects are explored.
B002OOG6YY|5.0|This is (without a doubt) THEE best Marilyn Manson DVD out there!! Packed with some of his best songs, the self-proclaimed God of F*** hits us again with his lyrics about Sex, Drugs, Religion, and everything in between! While I have been a Manson fan for a very long time, I (sadly) haven't been able to see him live. But this DVD makes up for that ten-fold! I feel like I am right there, in concert, with Marilyn Manson! Seriously...If you downright love Marilyn Manson or just sort of like his music, buy this DVD, and I guarantee you that you will love Marilyn Manson after watching this. His performance is theatrical, his delivery is driven, and this DVD is a God-send! Especially after listening to \\"The High End of Low\\".
B001SN78JO|2.0|The success of a movie is, like phrases and clothing styles, all about timing.  For example, this latest comedy by Jim Carrey would have been great if it was released in 1990.  But coming out in 2008, after other Carrey films such as The Mask, Me Myself and Irene, and Bruce Almighty, this movie actually seems like a rehash of Carrey's previous films.  In The Mask, Carrey plays a meek bank employee who after encountering a mask, becomes an alpha male that takes everything he wants.  In Me, Myself and Irene, Carrey plays a pushover police officer who occasionally morphs into an aggressive alter-ego.  And in Bruce Almighty, Carrey plays a passive reporter who meets God, and suddenly relishes his new powers.  Notice the recurring theme?  Well, it gets transplanted into this movie in its full entirety.  Carrey plays Carl, a bank employee (again) who is a shy introvert loser.  He goes to a meeting by an inspirational speaker, and his life suddenly turns around.  Now he is extroverted, outgoing, with a happening life.  And of course there is the love interest, this time played by the cool, calm Zooey Deschanel.  To sum it up, this movie is a rehash of Carrey's previous comedies, except less funny.  It lacks the spontaneity of Me, Myself and Irene.  It does not have the zaniness of The Mask, and it does not have the great casting of Bruce Almighty.  Overall, a waste of 2 hours watching this movie.
B001GCUO5M|3.0|I rented this film the other night and though I wouldn't call it a bad movie  necessarily, I will say that it took the long route to get to the point!  They could've easily shaved off 20 to 25 minutes of this film,   tightened up the storyline and overall flow, and then I would've   said  \\"ANOTHER BRILLIANT SCORSESE MASTERPIECE!!\\"...but alas, I can't   call this one masterpiece by any stretch of the imagination. (-:    Now don't get me wrong, Martin Scorsese is a true genius, a master   storyteller, and an icon of cinema whose work will be discussed and   studied for as long as there are people on earth who watch movies!   He has given us some truly brilliant films over the years, acted by some   of the most brilliant actors of our times...mainly one Robert DeNiro and   as of late, his new muse for the last few films, Leonardo DiCaprio,   who is cut from the same cloth of artistic excellence and total commitment   to whatever his current role requires.  But I'm a fan of Scorsese's more straight ahead masterworks like   \\"Taxi Driver\\", \\"Raging Bull\\", \\"King Of Comedy\\", \\"Casino\\" and of course,  \\"Goodfellas\\", which is argubly one of his best!   His films are always multi-layered, deep, well-developed, well-acted, etc.  even when they are straight ahead stories which everybody can follow and  get right into away. Even with those films, every time you watch them,   you catch a subtle nuance that you missed before that makes you like it even more.    But as of his last few films, mainly \\"The Departed\\" as well as   \\"Shutter Island\\", I think he is taking the multi-dimensional thing a   bit too far and getting a little too cryptic for his own good!    Just my opinion. (Though I later came to appreciate \\"The Departed\\"   more with time and 3 or 4 viewings.)  To me, there is just too much going on in this story that,   by the time it all comes together in the end, it isn't as much a   surprise as it was a bit of a relief that the mental rollercoaster ride is over!  Yes, yes, I know...it's supposed to be a mind-boinking of sorts,  but it could've done it and brought us all to the money shot in   much less time than it did!  Having said that, I completely bought Leo DiCaprio's, Mark Ruffalo's   and Sir Ben Kinsley's performances hook line & sinker, and applaud them   for what they brought to it. There are some stunning visual sequences  as well, but the cinematography is usually always on point in a Scorsese film.  I must say though, that I'm much more happier that I rented it instead of   buying it just on the strength of Martin Scorsese's reputation.  (That's what happened when I bought \\"The Departed\\")  Again, I would hardly say this was a masterpiece, but it's   interesting enough to watch at least twice, then if you want to buy it for   your home DVD collection, then that's on you!  (-:
B000OYC3J8|5.0|I wasn't a real White Stripes fan, till I purchased this album.  This album happens to be my very first White Stripes album puchased.  Although I knew the White Stripes for a year, I waited before purchasing this album because I wanted to know how consistant this album was.  So, I spent time on Youtube listening to it; that was a big mistake because I knew the sound of the album before purchasing it, but for now on I'll shoot from the hip when buying White Stripes material.    Something, that is very suprising about this album is its consistancy.  You would think, well gee this album has fourteen songs, it's probably going to have a few weak songs.  But, instead all of the songs really stood out to me.  At that point, I was on the edge of my seat.  Too shocked by the resemblance of Led Zeppelin's III to this album.  \\"Pricky Thorn, But Sweetly Worn\\" is my favorite sound.  The acoustics on this album really put other modern bands like Coldplay to shame.    If you want an album that you wouldn't dare take out of the CD player get this.  After all, it is your choice whether you want to listen to  tin can getting thrown down or this beautifully crafted album.      ****1/2 out of *****  Great job!
044656740X|4.0|Kiyosaki has an interesting device to set up his book. He juxtaposes two different dads against each other--one is his real dad who is all for education and following a set path to a steady job and the other is the dad of his friend who advocates learning financial skills in order to follow a different path to financial freedom. Though Kiyosaki does not disparage his father, he makes it clear that the lack of financial acumen and the stubbornness with which his father sticks to the tried and true conventional path frustrates him whereas following the advice of his rich \\"dad\\" has earned him much money.    When I first read through this book, in conjunction with Four Hour Work Week, it seemed to make a lot of sense. The idea of pushing forward and doing your own thing in order to make money seems scary, a fear that Kiyosaki acknowledges, but also liberating. However, all of Kiyosaki's examples of his own money making plans involve flipping real estate. Given the current state of the real estate market, I would hesitate to go through with any of those plans. It seems like he was lucky to get the deals that he did. Of course, he would say that luck only means finding the right deals, but I disagree. The chances of being burned on a real estate deal are much higher than any potential winners.    I definitely enjoyed reading this book and I will try to take some of his lessons to heart, especially the idea of buying assets rather than simply buying liabilities. The idea of your money making money is most likely the most important take-away from this book.
B000VH3FV8|5.0|What can I say???? This is set is absolutely wonderful. I mean it takes you back to Luther's days when he did commercial jingles. What an awesome set ... no it doesn't have everything here like 'Busy Body' and a few others, but it is still a very nice set and I don't regret the amount of $$$$ that I paid for it.     Rest In Peace, Luther ~
B002VPE1B6|5.0|THAT IS A WONDERFUL MOVIE. BESIDES THAT .. IT IS FANTASTIC THAT THE MOVIE COMES WITH SUBTITLES IN PORTUGUESE AND ALSO IT IS DUBBED IN PORTUGUESE TOO. WHAT A MOVIE!!! WE ARE WELCOME TO WONDERFUL WORLD OF BLUE RAY DISC.!!!
B002OR18HQ|5.0|Great video for Fogerty fans;  he covers old and newer tunes and even jams with his older sons!
B002ZNJWI6|5.0|Reynolds is in fine shape.  Nobody does far future novels like Reynolds.  I'd love to see more stories about the Lines -- please say it's the first of a series!
B002A97IJ0|5.0|This fan works great in my case. It's a little loud, but it is a 2000RPM fan. It certainly isn't excessively loud, and if given the choice, I would definitely buy it again. It comes with the mounting screws and works great in tight spaces; I stuck this on the side door of my case after installing a sunbeam core contact freezer on my CPU, which is too tall to accomodate a regular 25mm thickness fan on the door. Great fan and company, and if you need reliable cooling in a low profile situation, I recommend this.
1843560267|4.0|there could be more grammar and the word who is translated could be in bold. but anyway I am satisfied.<br />the size of the text is normal,the space between lines could be wider.
B002ZFQD0Y|5.0|Only 2 reviews for this recording is a little disappointing, if you love Serj' voice & the Elect the Dead LP then I couldn't recommended this highly enough. Standout tracks, Feed Us the last 2 minutes the orchestra just soars and soars into a beautiful climax, hearing Falling Stars IMO is the highlight, newer song Blue really shows off Serj' singing voice and The Charade is a opposite sounding beast to the stop start riffage of the rock version. Again highly recommended, this album hasn't left my turntable since I received it.
B002UWF1DM|5.0|I don't know this particular incarnation of this recording, but have an older version of it (coupled with Philadelphia under Ormandy playing the Haydn Variations). It is a vastly superior version to the critically praised later recording by Gilels with Berlin under Jochum. The later performance is heavy, stodgy, almost lifeless. The earlier version has Chicago playing at its absolute best and Reiner (always a masterful conductor of concertos) in rare form; Gilels plays with great spirit and energy and passion. One of the best recordings of this concerto, ever--should be in every collector's library.
B001FB5634|5.0|If this is a possible reality of earth and the human civilization...then God help us.
0060005696|4.0|I thought that although a lot of this was common sense it did in fact bring me to thinking about things a little differently.  Worth reading for sure although it felt a bit like a sociology/communications type class haha.
B003E88TKS|2.0|Wasn't worth the 2.99 I paid to rent it. It was a different story line than anything else that is out there now, I give them credit for that, but it was just bleh. I was pretty much bored the whole movie.
B00005JM02|5.0|Believe it or not, I had never seen the whole movie of Nemo... oh my gosh... what a great movie... whole family loves it!  Dau is 3... love Dori!  She and the big shark (per Dad) make the flick.
B002ZG99CC|1.0|Please stop making unnecessary BAD remakes, Hollywood. It's an insult to fans of the original film(s) that this movie was even made. Jaden Smith and Jackie Chan have absolutely NONE of the chemistry or likability that Macchio and Morita had in the 1984 original (and VASTLY superior) version of \\"The Karate Kid\\" and it's sequels. It's obvious this was made just to jump start Jaden's acting career but it will ultimately prove to be a bad move on his part. Do something original Hollywood and stop trying to cash in on the past.
B0017TYPIG|5.0|All art reflects, to some degree, its era. \\"Cool Hand Luke\\" appeared at a time when people were increasingly losing their respect for authority. So it's natural to see Lucas Jackson as a rebel against the establishment, and nothing more.<br /><br />But Lucas is, in a way, a lot less -- \\"A 'nothing' hand can be cool\\". As he says to Dragline, \\"I've never planned anything in my life.\\" He has no goal or purpose, moving aimlessly from one thing to another (we learn he was promoted several times in the Army, but demoted to buck private before discharge), and the crime for which he's sentenced -- \\"decapitating\\" parking meters -- is a pointless prank committed during an evening of drunken boredom.<br /><br />Lucas's only purpose is to defy authority, and he does that right well. /Why/ isn't clear, but one could assume his motivation is \\"If my life has no constructive purpose, I might as well give the bird to the powers that be\\".<br /><br />One can also view Lucas as self-destructive. His sharp wit is not only that of an intelligent person, but of a morbid person. (I know this from personal experience.) And when his sweet mother -- who loves him, as she says, for no reason at all -- dies, his decline begins in earnest. It can be argued that his repeated attempts to escape are attempts to get himself killed. Which is what happens. (Didn't you know that?)<br /><br />Luke is neither hero nor anti-hero. He is a man who sacrifices himself on society's cross because he doesn't really fit in anywhere -- it's the only thing he /can/ do. And society is happy to oblige his desire for self-destruction.<br /><br />No doubt about it, this is a great film.<br /><br />The Blu-ray transfer is generally excellent, showcasing the outstanding cinematography, both in and out of the studio. The only disappointment is having to hear Lalo Schiffrin's imaginative score in mono. The \\"making of\\" featurette is outstanding, way-above-average for this sort of thing.<br /><br />PS: The correct phrase is \\"What we have here is... failure to communicate.\\" There is no 'a'.is no 'a'.
B0039TD7PY|4.0|It was great to watch the video of two of my favorites from the Seventies  I love to listen to the CD in my car.  It puts me in a nice mood in any traffic.
1401323820|5.0|I love the show Castle on ABC and I am sorry that I didn't start watching it during the first season.  Thank goodness for DVDs.  This book is as good as the show.  It follows the story line just like it is on tv.  I don't know if this is a gimmick for ABC to go along with the tv show but I am looking forward to the next book release in September.  My only complaint is that they aren't longer.  They need to be more than 250 pages.
B001DJLCRC|5.0|This is a gripping series.  It makes you think about what Walt is doing... is it excusable?  Understandable? You really feel for him and at the same time are appalled at what he is doing.  I watched the first season in one sitting - it's like a book you can't put down.  If you like good drama, you will like this show.
6300248550|5.0|The price was right; the order was filled promptly. I was satisfied with the service.
030726999X|2.0|Stieg Larsson's Millennium trilogy comes to a grinding halt with the The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest. I really enjoyed the cold, dark, Swedish landscape in the first book: The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. The series then turned into an action thriller with The Girl Who Played with Fire. This third book comes across as police and courtroom procedural.<br /><br />I'm not going to say too much about the book because it would be a spoiler for this book, as well as for the first two books. The character of Lisbeth Salander is fascinating and the highlight of The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. The rest of the characters are fairly cardboard if not caricatures.<br /><br />If you liked The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo then you liked the characters. That book has a clear ending and you can move on with your literary life. If you wonder what happens next with these characters then you will want to read The Girl Who Played with Fire. If you read that book you know that it does not have a clear ending. The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest is the second half. And it's the boring half.<br /><br />The book is largely focused on a trial and investigation leading up to the trial. It comes across as a boring episode of Law Order with Swedish names.<br /><br />A disappointing third chapter of the trilogy.
0375842209|5.0|Topic of \\"average\\" Germans during WWII, their perception of events including Holocaust through the eyes of orphan girl. Language of the book is very easy to understand without artificially fancy words and phrases. It has enough of reality as well as a bit of mystery. Very skillfully done. I suspect it could be used for really good screenplay as well.
B002VPE1B6|1.0|If you enjoyed the full length movie in theaters, you will be disappointed with this DVD. This version has been hacked and cut so much, I almost decided to return it. The epic battle scene has really been cut. Don't waste your money...there's a reason this one is priced at $19.99.
B0019N8P2W|5.0|I have waited so long for Daria to come out on DVD and I love it now as much as when it was on TV.  The show is hilarious and I'm so glad I bought it right away!
1423113381|4.0|Having plowed through Rick Riordan's Percy Jackson books in very short order (once my nephew told me I HAD to read them), I was intrigued to see what the author would do to make The Kane Chronicles different (or if, in fact, he would do nothing different and basically maintain the same formula and character types). The answer to that question is \\"not much and just enough.\\"<br /><br />The obvious difference is the focus being on Egyptian mythology rather than Greek. (There is one cute moment in which Riordan has the Kane characters acknowledge the existence of the Jackson characters: Amos off-handedly mentions, while in Brooklyn, that \\"Manhattan has its own gods,\\" while staring unhappily at the Empire State Building.  It's a nice aside, and a quick one, and sets up the hopes for a Jackson-Kane crossover at some point. And considering the complicated Greek-Egyptian-Roman history, it was perfectly in character as well.)<br /><br />The other major difference is the use of two teen(ish) protagonists instead of one: Carter and Sadie Kane are both the center of the action, and alternate telling the tale (a narrative device that takes a little getting used to). Another nice touch: they are from a mixed family, Carter favoring their father's dark-skinned Egyptian roots with Sadie favoring their mother's caucasian skin. So the heroes of the story are not yet another set of WASP kids and one is a girl, which is a nice change from Harry Potter, Artemus Fowl, Percy Jackson, etc. (Not that I don't love those characters, I'm just saying it's nice to see some variety.)<br /><br />Another nice touch is that Riordan has found a different way for his Egyptian gods to interact with mortals, so that this really is not a return to the Jackson well, with demi-gods and such. The relationship between Gods and People is a contentious one still, but for very different reasons and with very different results. And for what it's worth, the relationships between Carter and Sadie and their parents are not rooted in the \\"I wish I knew who my parents are\\" drama that most of the Jackson characters deal with.  The relationship between Carter and Julius Kane is well-drawn, and I found the relationship between Carter and Sadie, as siblings who spend most of the year away from each other, to be very realistic as well.<br /><br />The downsides to the book? For one, Riordan still has a habit of re-summarizing the plot's driving force every other chapter (a habit enabled by the alternating narrators). For another, he continues his reliance on dreaming as a method of moving the plot forward. I could have done with a few less chapters about the character's dream-selves discovering information leading them to the next \\"stop\\" on their quest and ultimately to the book's final showdown. That plot device was wearing thin in the last Percy Jackson book and it doesn't feel any fresher here.  I hope Riordan will find a different way for his characters to discover vital information in future books and give the \\"dream quests\\" a rest for a while.<br />Still -- engaging characters, interesting history, and enough variation from the Jackson books makes me interested in seeing where Riordan takes the Kane family next.I wish I knew who my parents are\\" drama that most of the Jackson characters deal with.  The relationship between Carter and Julius Kane is well-drawn, and I found the relationship between Carter and Sadie, as siblings who spend most of the year away from each other, to be very realistic as well.    The downsides to the book? For one, Riordan still has a habit of re-summarizing the plot's driving force every other chapter (a habit enabled by the alternating narrators). For another, he continues his reliance on dreaming as a method of moving the plot forward. I could have done with a few less chapters about the character's dream-selves discovering information leading them to the next \\"stop\\" on their quest and ultimately to the book's final showdown. That plot device was wearing thin in the last Percy Jackson book and it doesn't feel any fresher here.  I hope Riordan will find a different way for his characters to discover vital information in future books and give the \\"dream quests\\" a rest for a while.  Still -- engaging characters, interesting history, and enough variation from the Jackson books makes me interested in seeing where Riordan takes the Kane family next.
B00275EGX8|2.0|Well I didn't hate it. That said, as decorated and celebrated as this movie is, I was expecting much more. At just over two hours, The Hurt Locker had plenty of time to grab my attention and make me really care about the characters, but it never really gave me a reason to. Sanborn and Eldridge are cookie-cutter and while I got the feeling the whole time that I was supposed to sympathize with and care about James, I'm really just confused. Why did he seem hell-bent on killing himself and his men? Was he just anti-social and quirky or was there something more to his eccentricities? Was Beckham really alive or was he hallucinating? They never really say, and while I'm no stranger to open interpretation, here it's really just frustrating. The dialogue was generally bland and there wasn't much in the way of plot. The action sequences were visually interesting, but drawn-out rather than suspenseful. I never really got the sense that anyone was in any sort of real danger. It was mostly just waiting and panning back to more waiting. The 1080p transfer is sharp, though in a few instances, the contrast between clean and grainy shots was a bit much. The audio is pretty stunning when there's something to listen to - explosions are fully realized and gunshots resonate well - and even in slower scenes (and there are plenty) the rear speakers always have something to do and proximity is handled quite well. Over-all, The Hurt Locker is a generally well-acted war movie with a mediocre script and plenty of downtime. It's worth looking in to if you're curious to see what all the fuss is about. Just don't get your hopes up.
B003L1ZX34|5.0|vaguely remember Craig Ferguson's break-through role as Drew's boss on \\"The Drew Carey Show.\\"  (To be honest, I lost interest in the show fairly early on and only occasionally watched it.)  I also remember his very short-lived turn on the Marie Osmond - Betty White sitcom \\"Maybe This Time.\\"  And I think I've seen his movies.<br /><br />I'm a Ferguson fan not because of his sitcom or movie work but because of his talk show.  I hated \\"The Late, Late Show with Craig Kilbourn,\\" but Ferguson's style is more my cup of tea.  I love his self-effacing and smarmy humor.<br /><br />His memoir reads exactly the same way -- there's no a chapter that goes past where Ferguson doesn't at least slightly riff on the fact that he's lucky to still be alive, let alone as successful as he is, after all the mistakes he's made.  Tales of drunken, drug-fueled nights alternate with chapters that lovingly describe his family and the women in his life.  There are great descriptions of his adventures in the film and television industry as well ... but ultimately, this book is about his love for family and his fascination with living in America while not losing his Scottish heritage.<br /><br />It's a light, easy read despite the weighty subject; another excellent selling point for the book.  This is not a ponderous look at a life of addiction and rehabilitation; Ferguson gets those points across without sacrificing his trademark style.  Highly recommended!
0446563048|5.0|I've read about and followed Tony Hsieh for a long time...I think he is brilliant. He helped a lot of people who worked along side of him in his business to learn how to solve problems and make people happy. Whether you were close to him or you observed from afar, you had to be touched by him in some way. And now that we have his book, he is definitely making a bigger impact...and I see that as a very good thing during a recession.      If you are wondering if you should get this book, let me say that it is a delightful book, easy to read and his stories will make you smile. However, I see a bigger reason, because if you want to succeed in business (or in life for that matter) you will need to know how to solve problems and make people happy. In fact, solving problems and delivering happiness is at the core of every successful business person.     I've also been so inspired by [[ASIN:160037493X Serendipitously Rich: How to Get Delightfully, Delectably, Deliciously Rich (or Anything Else You Want) in 7 Ridiculously Easy Steps]], which was written by Madeleine Kay, along with a foreword by Joe Vitale.  This book gives you that same delightful feeling of power and success as it moves you positively on a path of change. It teaches you how to make decisions that serendipitously bring you success. It also gives you practical steps that deliver happiness into your own life, which will make your business a better place to work.
142312166X|4.0|Apparently, this came out between books four and five, and I could easily have read it between books ... but I didn't realize.  The three short stories in this book definitely take place in that space, and Riordan does a nice job of letting Percy narrate but shining a light on the supporting characters instead.  The first story features Clarisse and definitely gives a glimpse into how her antagonistic relationship with Percy matured over time.  The second story fills us in on how Beckendorf and Silena started dating and gives a little nudge to the Percy-Annabeth relationship.  The third story is the first time since The Titan's Curse that the three remaining children of the Big Three gods are in one place, as Percy, Thalia and Nico are summoned by Persephone for a dangerous task that leads pretty well into the final book.<br /><br />The book is filled out with interviews with Percy, Annabeth, Clarisse, Grover and Chiron, some word games, and full color pictures of the main demigods and their parents.  A nice short addition to the series.  It'd be nice if Riordan wrote more short stories in the Percy Jackson-verse.
B003405MF6|1.0|I never thought I'd ever be so disappointed by anything from Jeff Beck..........he being the master of electric guitar since I first heard him in 1966.  There's precious little of value here. Okay; I don't expect a re-working of Let Me Love You, or Rice Pudding (although it would be nice!) but this new set just does nothing for me.  Let's see what the next one sounds like.  Even geniuses (like JB)<br />are entitled to a slip now and then..............
B0000696I1|5.0|I truly enjoyed this film as I am sure any turtle fan would.  I have watched the VHS and DVD several times over the years, shoot, I got the DVD for christmas as well as the other two films in the box set I got for christmas a few years ago.  Why? cause I wore out the tape due to watching it all the time.  If you liked the other two live action turtle films, get this one to complete the collection or find the box set and get all three at once.
B0028ER4PK|5.0|I picked this up at a local music shop called \\"Record Wear House\\". They don't specialize in LPs like they used to. Which made this an exciting find! I was out Christmas shopping, but I figured no one would be getting this for me. So, I went ahead and got myself something a little early! :D I dropped the needle to it when I returned home later that night. It sounds great! Besides the music, I had only a few candles and lava lamps going, which on a cold, wintry night gave the music a certain eerie-ness! I had heard some horror stories regarding some Doors reissues that came out within the last few years, and I was hoping this wasn't one of 'em. As it turns out, it wasn't! I would recommend this vinyl reissue to any Doors fan who might be considering it. Also, a nice plus, the plastic the LP was wrapped in doubles as a protective outer plastic sleeve for the cover. You just open it using the perforated edge. As I said before, \\"Very Nice!\\" ;)
044656740X|3.0|I bought this book a few years after graduation, after hearing numerous quotes in many places about this book.    Does it help you to rethink your financial standing? Yes..    Is it inspiring... ? Not so. There's another book that I would recommend you reading, but I'm not quite familiar with the title, but it's from the same author.    This book is easy to read, good for teens, but it's not into complicated financial management. It's a good read for a weekend on a beach!!.
B0036BDQ6U|5.0|Which I find a little hard to believe. I just picked this LP up new this afternoon, at a local record shop. Brought it home with some other used LPs I had also found. Before I dropped the needle at all, I got on amazon to see what people were saying about this reissue. To my surprise, it was all bad! Which I wasn't expecting at all. All the horror stories about horrible sound quality and skipping had me a little worried that I'd made a mistake getting this. Alas, I put it on the turntable anyway. To hear the abomination for myself.<br /><br />Side one went by without a single pop, skip, jump or hiccup. Side two, three and four all the same. No problems whatsoever. And to top it off, all four sides sound very nice. No shrill, static-y sound. Just sweet, new vinyl clarity. I can't speak for the experience of anyone else who purchased this reissue. Nor can I speak for every copy pressed of this reissue. But, I can speak of my own experience and my own copy. I am not new to the experience of vinyl records or Pantera. So,like I mentioned before, I must be the lucky one... Because, my vinyl copy of \\"Vulgar Display of Power\\" sounds great. And will see repeated plays for as long as I own it.
B0024F08RO|5.0|I watched all seasons up till the Finale, and I would say that I am more than just pleased with the entire collection.    Follow Micheal Scofield's journey through all kinds of adventure throughout the plot. When it has reached season 3/4 the storyline gets quite repetitive, but I would say it is still didn't bug me much.    I'm extremely sad that the series has ended.. The producers/television networks were out of their mind when they decide to end this tvshow!!>
B0019N8P2W|5.0|I love Daria! It will never get old and I wish it never went off the air. This collection is fabulous and if you ever enjoyed the show, you'll really enjoy this collection!
B003N5VOUO|5.0|I've been a hindi movie watcher and Shah Rukh's fan since a decade ago. His acting has improved tremendously over the years, especially since trashy films like Badshah and Duplicate in the 90s.    My Name is Khan is not Shah Rukh's best, Karan Johar missed so many spots on this film.    I typically would die to watch a Karan Johar film, whether it was Kuch Kuch Hota Hai, Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna or Kabhi Khusi Kabhi Gham, but this film is nothing like his previous films.    The theme of the film, and the much hyped Khan title led to nothing substantive. The film might have rocked all over the world, but it didn't do well in India.     A Black President? 9/11? Such cliche's!!
B0000025DD|5.0|David Gilmour (self-titled,) is a fantastic album and a must have for any Pink Floyd fan.  This album was released in 1978 and is the perfect bridge between Pink Floyd's albums Animals (1977,) and The Wall (1979.)  You can hear the transitions being made in Gilmour's style in both the guitar and his vocals.  We are moving to a less musically aggressive Floyd, and Gilmour is the leading force in this.  As any Floyd fan knows, there has been a clear divide between David Gilmour and Roger Waters for a long time, and this album is one of the first glimpses into the direction Gilmour wants the Floyd to go.  During, and after The Wall, we hear a much more mellow and synthesized Floyd led by the visions of David Gilmour, and this self-titled album gives us a sneak peek of what is to come.  All in all, this self-titled album is bluesy, has a lot of great guitar riffs and the vocals are exceptional.
0307454541|5.0|Stieg Larsson, as I understand it, planned a 10 novel series. Unfortunately, he died after completing three. One can only imagine what the arc of a full series might have been. The original title for this was \\"Men Who Hate Women.\\" And that describes key themes running throughout the \\"Millennium Series\\" (the three volumes that have been published). For instance, in this book, note the brief statements at the outset of each part of the book; they speak to men hating women and gender politics, in one way or another. For instance (Page 9), \\"Eighteen percent of the women in Sweden have at one time been threatened by a man\\" or (Page 139) \\"Forty-six percent of the women in Sweden have been subjected to violence by a man.\\"<br /><br />At one level, from the characters' point of view, this is an analysis of the developing relationship between investigative reporter Mikael Blomkvist and an investigator for a security firm, Lisbeth Salander. He is a sensible, sober-sided, properly moral person; she is introverted, a loner, someone described throughout the book as suffering from something like Asperger's Syndrome (probably completely off-the-mark). She also does mathematical equations in her head (and appears to have solved Fermat's mathematical riddle as the second volume begins to close out), may be the best hacker in Sweden, and has a photographic memory (and, oh yes, she can take apart and put together a motorcycle).<br /><br />Blomkvist has what he thinks as a slam-dunk report about the improprieties of an industrialist, Hans-Erik Wennerstrom. He is conned by his prey and ends up spending time in jail for slander. Upon his release, he is given an opportunity by a wealthy industrialist to find out what happened to Harriet Vanger, who was assumed to have died many years before--but no final evidence had ever been found. Before Henrik Vanger hired him, he asked Salander's security firm to analyze him, to see if he would be a good \\"hire\\" to discover what had happened. The person who investigated Blomkvist?  Salander.<br /><br />Thereafter, we get a roller coaster ride, as, in due course, Salander joins Blomkvist to find out what happened. Horrible secrets are discovered; Salander saves Blomkvist's life in a riveting scene; against all odds, the four foot eleven inch, ninety pound Salander (complete with tattoos, jewelry in her nose and other body parts, skinny as all get out, smoking too much, incommunicative, hot tempered) and Mikael develop an improbable relationship.<br /><br />After having solved the case of the missing Vanger (Harriet), Lisbeth helps Mikael return to the Wennerstrom case, to resolve it in a more positive manner. In the process, she discovers a route to financial security.<br /><br />There are a number of rich characters here, from Erika Berger (Mikael's on and off lover, although married) to Dragan Armansky (head of Milton Security and Lisbeth's boss) to \\"Advocat\\" Bjurman (Salander has been declared incompetent and was assigned a person to supervise her)--whose brutal treatment of her led to harsh consequences that she inflicted upon him in return; the Vangers; and so on.<br /><br />Salander, I think, has been mischaracterized in many treatments of this book as afflicted with some sort of impairment (autism is mentioned as well as Asperger's). I'm inclined to think that the travails that she experienced over time could easily explain her peculiarities. Why should she trust people, given her experiences? Why should she communicate (when she was often not listened to)? Blomqvist? Salander described him in her report as \\"Practical Pig\\" (after one of the three little pigs). Not a bad description! I think that Mikael, whose charm to women seems beyond comprehension, has a blind spot, where he thinks himself beyond criticism for his \\"dumping\\" of women, by arguing that he is open and transparent etc. (we've all know guys like that).<br /><br />This is a compelling novel, pulling one into the plot and not allowing one to \\"let up.\\" The three novel series as a whole is very powerful. We can only regret that Larsson died before bringing the projected series to a close. . . .ul. We can only regret that Larsson died before bringing the projected series to a close. . . .
B000AAF1U4|5.0|This came very fast and was happy with everything. Great condition and just as the seller said. Thank you so much!
B001HN69B8|5.0|Terry Gilliam does it again - with a lot of help from his friends.     Or, as the film credits state: \\"A film by Heath Ledger and friends.\\"    Perfectly executed and overflowing with creative genius, \\"Parnassus\\" is in my opinion Gilliam's best film yet.    Perfectly conceived, written, cast, shot, and acted, \\"Parnassus\\" is a film that requires multiple viewings in order to soak in all the richness and detail.    A no-brainer Blu-ray buy, for sure...    ;-)
B000HWZ4A2|4.0|The Good --     Gary Cooper as Howard Roark.  Sure he's a few years older than he should be for this character, but I like him in this role, and I've always been moved by his trial speech, other reviewers to the contrary.      Patricia Neal as Dominique.  She even looks like a younger, more attractive version of Ayn Rand herself.      Also fine cinematography and good supporting performances by Kent Smith as Peter Keating and Henry Hull, Ray Collins, and Jerome Cowan.    The Not-So-Good --     Robert Douglas is a fine villain, but perhaps he's a little too much so as Ellsworth Toohey.  I would have liked to have seen Clifton Webb (\\"Laura\\") in this role.      Raymond Massey is okay, but I've never been comfortable with him as Gail Wynand.  Orson Welles -- still relatively thin and handsome at this point in his career -- as the newspaper publisher (echoes of Citizen Kane) Wynand would've been perfect -- though I understand that Rand was against casting Welles in any role.  Too bad.    The Ugly --     The set design.  A few of the designs that are meant to represent Roark's buildings are okay, but many more are like some bad parody of Frank Lloyd Wright or Richard Neutra.  This is a major flaw in film with an architect as the hero!  One might begin to side with Ellsworth Toohey at some point.    Despite those flaws, this film is very entertaining -- yes, perhaps a bit campy at times -- and well worth checking out -- though the definitive film version of Rand's novel has yet to be made.
0061120073|5.0|\\"A Tree Grows in Brooklyn\\" by Betty Smith is a story about the average American Dream. Critics have called in a \\"coming-of-age novel\\" but when it is looked into further, this novel is really a story about pride. It is about family pride and personal pride. It is also about instilling pride in the younger generations. Too often children are spoiled and told the beautiful parts of life, but Katie Nolan knew better. As the mother of two children Francie and Neeley, she made a point to show them the hardships in life while still giving them happiness in the little things. For instance, coffee was given to the entire household as a supper drink. When Francie decided she didn't want her coffee during supper she was allowed to pour the remains into the sink. For the Nolan family, this seemed to be the exact worst thing to do. The Nolans were extremely poor and barely had enough to keep everyone in warm clothes during the winter. Johnny Nolan, the head of the household and Francie's father often drank his tips as a singing-waiter away leaving only his meager pay to bring home. However, allowing Francie to throw away her coffee gave her the feeling of being rich and proud and Katie knew well enough that if Francie wasn't proud of herself, then no one else would be proud of her.  Katie wasn't the only person who wanted to instill pride in her family. Katie's mother, Mary Rommely, gave Katie the secret to raising children. She said first Katie must own land. Katie was to make a tin can bank and every day add a little bit of money to the bank until she had enough to buy a plot of land. Then she must read to her children, one page of the Bible and one page of Shakespeare and as her children grew and learned to read on their own, they would take the role of reading one page each every night. Lastly, Katie was told to instill a sense of imagination in her children by reading them stories of fairies and elves etc. At first, Katie was skeptical of her mother's advice but soon realized that Mary's advice was only to help the children remain proud of where they are from and where they are going.  While the fairy tales did not last long for the Nolan family, the mystery surrounding Santa Claus and elves gave Francie the love of stories and books. She went to the library every day and checked out every book she could. Her goal was to read every book in the library. The land ownership gave pride to the entire family. Unfortunately, the land that the Nolan family would finally own was the burial plot of Johnny Nolan who died of alcoholism. Johnny's death affected young Francie the greatest because of their close relationship. Francie was \\"daddy's little girl\\". The reading of Shakespeare and the Bible was the beginning of Francie's love affair for books and her yearning for an education. Education was what would give her pride in herself. Especially after Johnny's death, it was difficult for both Francie and Neeley to stay in school past the eighth grade but because Francie pushed herself and wanted to get a good education, she made it to college ending the novel with the new young woman proud of where she was from but even more excited about where she was going.   Betty Smith used the hardships of early 1900's Brooklyn to tell a story of pride and youth. It is probably one of the most influential novels in America today and will continue to influence future generations.
B000KJTI7C|5.0|It's pretty hard to pick a favourite James Taylor album as I've discovered that he hasn't really ever made a \\"bad\\" album although one could perhaps say this or that album is \\"bad\\" compared to his other albums but even a \\"bad\\" JT album would be considered a good one for most other musicians.  This is why I think that overall this is my favourite JT album although \\"JT\\" and \\"Sweet Baby James\\" come close.  Prior to relatively recently getting his individual albums I have to confess that my exposure to JT had been only through the two main greatest hits packages.  \\"Mud Slide ... Horizon\\" proves that JT is more than just a singles act.  In fact, I'd go so far as to say that this album could be held up as a greatest hits package of his earlier works.  We have all heard of \\"You've Got A Friend\\", \\"You Can Close Your Eyes\\", \\"Long Ago And Far Away\\" but the rest of the tracks are certainly not filler material by any stretch of the imagination.  The album actually has a very nice flow to it and is consistently great throughout the listening experience.  The best way I can describe this album's effect on me is just a nice peaceful feeling like an escape to a less hectic place where you can relax for about as long as this plays out to rejuvenate before heading back out to face the \\"real\\" world.<br /><br />Now this mini-lp replica sleeve (mlps) version is also a real treat for fans as it is very well put together and ranks among the best mlps designs I've ever seen.  The gatefold design has all the lyrics printed on it as well as a 16 page booklet with all the lyrics in both English and Japanese.  The sound quality is pretty good and has been remastered in 2010 by Isao Kikuchi.<br /><br />Great content, great mlps design makes this version of JT's brilliant album highly recommended!
1903931843|4.0|Finally, an erotic adventure thats written by women FOR women! I absolutely loved this book. Thank you Chloe, please write some more!!
B000IJ7IXU|5.0|This mini-lp replica sleeve (mlps) version of Ornette Coleman's masterpiece of improvisation and innovation is a real treat for fans.  As far as mlps designs go this is one of the best that I have ever seen and very faithfully represents the original vinyl sleeve release even down to the inner sleeve jacket.  An 8-page booklet in both English and Japanese containing essays on both tracks i.e. Free Jazz and First Take by Martin Williams is also included.  The sound quality is excellent and surpasses the previous version of this recording that I owned from Rhino.<br /><br />The recordings here are seminal because at the time, no one dared to undertake such an unrestrained almost totally free jazz improvisation here where all musicians just play at the same time what they \\"feel\\" like playing and not having to worry about fitting some predetermined musical \\"rule\\" or structure such as the \\"proper\\" chord progression, musical theme etc without the output coming across as total and utter chaos and cacophony although I have to admit that when I first heard it I thought it rivalled \\"Yoko Ono Plastic Ono Band\\" in doing just that.  After a few listens though, you realise that this actually grows on you and it even surprises you that what initially sounds chaotic has a definite musicallity about it and I've since enjoyed returning to these recordings each time concentrating on what each individual member is playing.  It is truly remarkable to note that this is one complete uninterrupted take and yet still presents great rewards to the patient listener willing to listen closely to what each musician is \\"saying\\" thoughout the whole 37 minutes of \\"Free Jazz\\".<br /><br />As a double quartet, this means you get to hear eight solos throughout the 37 minutes of the first track and the 17 minutes of the second which is a rehearsal of some sort of the former.  Besides Ornette Coleman himself on alto sax, we get the brilliant Don Cherry on pocket trumpet, Scott La Faro on bass, Billy Higgins on drums as one quartet on the left channel and Eric Dolphy on bass clarinet, Freddie Hubbard on trumpet, Charlie Haden on bass and Ed Blackwell on drums on the right channel making up the second quartet.<br /><br />Still this is probably not the cup of tea of every jazz fan but this mlps version is still an excellent addition to any fan's sonic library.<br /><br />Highly recommended!one quartet on the left channel and Eric Dolphy on bass clarinet, Freddie Hubbard on trumpet, Charlie Haden on bass and Ed Blackwell on drums on the right channel making up the second quartet.      Still this is probably not the cup of tea of every jazz fan but this mlps version is still an excellent addition to any fan's sonic library.    Highly recommended!
B000F8O4E0|5.0|Face the Music was the first ELO album I ever listened to. I recognized a few of the tracks from hearing them on the radio, and with an open mind decided to give the rest of the album a listen. This was quite a few years ago, and to this day Face the Music is still one of my favorite albums. With that said, I think this is a great \\"starter\\" album for those just getting into ELO. There are a couple very recognizable tracks that get a lot of airplay on classic rock radio stations, plus there is no filler on this album. Each song is strong.<br /><br />The album starts off with \\"Fire on High.\\" This is one of the few instrumental tracks I know of that gets plenty of air time on the radio. It's heavy on the strings and synths which help give this the classic ELO sound. Throw in some choirs and backwards-playing vocals and you have an awesome song that could only be pulled off by a band like ELO.<br /><br />Next up is \\"Waterfall,\\" a mellow song that catches you the first time you hear it. There are some beautiful strings playing throughout this song, so we're quite lucky to have an instrumental version of this song on the re-issue (as a bonus track). This gem often goes unlooked by the casual fan. You should not make that mistake. Don't skip this one!<br /><br />\\"Evil Woman\\" is the first real mainstream song on the album. You've probably heard it before since it's one of ELO's more popular songs. Some good piano playing and an awesome guitar riff dominate this song. Believe it or not, Jeff Lynne has said that this song was intended to merely be filler! I'm sure he didn't think this song would take off like it did.<br /><br />Its namesake being one of Lynne's previous bands, \\"Nightrider\\" starts out rather quietly, with just Lynne singing and some strings in the background. Around 45 seconds in, the song explodes into a faster-paced rocker. Some good vocal melodies in this one. \\"Nightrider\\" will definitely keep you tapping your finger right up to the slowdown toward the end of the song.<br /><br />From the moment the heavy, distorted guitar opens \\"Poker,\\" this next song sprints ahead and finishes quickly at a little over three and a half minutes. Again, there is lots of guitar in this song. But you can also expect some quick-fingered synths high up in the mix in between verses. The strings also have a whimsical solo around the three-minute mark to help close out this hard and heavy song.<br /><br />You'll be brought back down when the strings open up \\"Strange Magic.\\" This song is arguably ELO's signature song. A classic nonetheless. It would be pretty hard not to like this one. I think it's best just to let the music speak for itself here.<br /><br />\\"Down Home Town\\" opens with more backwards vocals, then goes into some folksy strings. And sure enough, the rest of the song has a country feel to it. (With an ELO twist of course.) \\"Down Home Town\\" is a proud, fun number. It does feel a little out of place on this album, but that doesn't make it any less of a song.<br /><br />Face the Music closes with \\"One Summer Dream.\\" We start with an orchestral opening and vocals, in the same vein as \\"Nightrider,\\" but \\"One Summer Dream\\" doesn't speed up as much. This is a slower song. The acoustic guitar playing throughout (as well as the background vocals later in the song) give \\"One Summer Dream\\" a spacey \\"out-there\\" feel.<br /><br />The reissue of Face the Music also has some bonus tracks. An alternate mix of \\"Fire on High\\" is the first bonus track. If the original version didn't creep you out enough, this alternate mix is even stranger. All the added \\"stuff\\" is thrown down in the mix and the piano is brought up to the front. I have to admit, it does get a bit repetitive after the first couple minutes. Still interesting though. Also in the bonus tracks is the instrumental version of \\"Waterfall\\" mentioned earlier. This is, in my opinion, the highlight of the bonus tracks.the heavy, distorted guitar opens \\"Poker,\\" this next song sprints ahead and finishes quickly at a little over three and a half minutes. Again, there is lots of guitar in this song. But you can also expect some quick-fingered synths high up in the mix in between verses. The strings also have a whimsical solo around the three-minute mark to help close out this hard and heavy song.    You'll be brought back down when the strings open up \\"Strange Magic.\\" This song is arguably ELO's signature song. A classic nonetheless. It would be pretty hard not to like this one. I think it's best just to let the music speak for itself here.    \\"Down Home Town\\" opens with more backwards vocals, then goes into some folksy strings. And sure enough, the rest of the song has a country feel to it. (With an ELO twist of course.) \\"Down Home Town\\" is a proud, fun number. It does feel a little out of place on this album, but that doesn't make it any less of a song.    Face the Music closes with \\"One Summer Dream.\\" We start with an orchestral opening and vocals, in the same vein as \\"Nightrider,\\" but \\"One Summer Dream\\" doesn't speed up as much. This is a slower song. The acoustic guitar playing throughout (as well as the background vocals later in the song) give \\"One Summer Dream\\" a spacey \\"out-there\\" feel.    The reissue of Face the Music also has some bonus tracks. An alternate mix of \\"Fire on High\\" is the first bonus track. If the original version didn't creep you out enough, this alternate mix is even stranger. All the added \\"stuff\\" is thrown down in the mix and the piano is brought up to the front. I have to admit, it does get a bit repetitive after the first couple minutes. Still interesting though. Also in the bonus tracks is the instrumental version of \\"Waterfall\\" mentioned earlier. This is, in my opinion, the highlight of the bonus tracks.
0307266303|1.0|I listened to this book while running (like I do with lots of books) and after five miles I couldn't take it any more. This book is sooooo boring. Don't bother buying it.
B003E8P9G0|5.0|i would have to say that this book was extremely interesting. it has many twists and turns and takes you on the craziest roller-coaster ride ever.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|My husband and I loved the movie. I got it for him, but I loved it too! It came in a timely manner. and we have loaned it to family, everyone loves it even if your not a big Sci-fi fan. There is nothing like it,
B000O8OTNC|5.0|It works a advertised, I had an old pocket knife blade with some bad nicks, cleared them right up after a five strokes and then I sharpened it to a nice edge with five strokes. This blade is a little softer than my Survival knife W/serrated edge, which I use as a multi-tool when I am camping: digging, hammering; cutting rope, cardboard, small tree limbs, and splitting wood. So the blade takes a ton of abuse, and keeping an edge on it now is going to be so much easier. I will buy more and recommend it to anyone looking for a field sharpening tool.
B002ZG996I|4.0|THE BACK-UP PLAN<br /><br />STARRING: Jennifer Lopez, Alex O'Loughlin, Michaela Watkins, Eric Christian Olsen, Anthony Anderson, Noureen DeWulf, Melissa McCarthy, Maribeth Monroe, Robert Klein, Tom Bosley and Linda Lavin<br /><br />WRITTEN BY: Kate Angelo<br /><br />DIRECTED BY: Alan Poul<br /><br />Rated: PG - 13<br />Genre: Romantic Comedy<br />Release Date: 23 April 2010<br />Review Date: 26 May 2010<br /><br />The Back-up Plan is a fresh and creative new spin on the romantic comedy. Rather than follow the traditional format of boy meets girl, The Back-up Plan mixes things up a bit. That formula is somewhat still in the film, but it's not as painfully redundant as we've seen so many times.<br /><br />The first shot shows our leading lady Zoe, played by the lovely Jennifer Lopez, being artificially inseminated. Zoe hasn't found Mr. Right and not having a real family of her own growing up; she wants to bare a child with or without him.<br /><br />As cinematic fate would have it, upon leaving her gynecologist, she finds the guy she's been looking for all her life. They meet by stepping into the same cab, which could be considered cheesy - yes, but - the writer has the story crafted in New York, so this is not at all a stretch.<br /><br />The man of her dreams is Stan, played by a new face (Alex O'Loughlin). For me he's a cross between Hugh Jackman and Jeffrey Dean Morgan and is instantly likeable. Matthew McConaughey will now have some competition in romantic comedies!<br /><br />Stan and Zoe hit it off as he is charming and persistent and we are on eggshells wondering how and when he is to find out about Zoe's little gift, when she of course discovers she is pregnant.<br /><br />I really enjoyed the premise of this film, as I have grown sick of the same old romantic comedy garbage. J Lo is growing as an actress and I'm glad to see her back on the big screen after such a long break from acting; which she took so that she could stay home and raise her twins, which in turn only added to the respect I have for her. She makes Zoe loveable and believable and we are actually invested in her relationship with Stan. Solid performances go a long way in any film and for us to care if the romance lives or dies in a rom-com, is essential.<br /><br />Even all of The Back-up Plan's side characters are played excellently. Anthony Anderson makes an appearance and steals the show comedy wise. Zoe's two best friends (Michaela Watkins and Eric Christian Olsen) are both crack-ups, as are all of her gal-pals at a women's group she attends. And her aunt played by Linda Lavin is genuine and sweet.<br /><br />Sure it has a few clich&eacute; elements like Stan with his shirt off, an over the top birth scene and a few others; but what mainstream film doesn't contain clich&eacute; moments these days? It still avoided several that most similar films would have dove into, and the vast amount of creativity it produces far exceeds these moments anyway.<br /><br />I'd like to give a shout-out to my girl J Lo. Having recently gone through a pregnancy with my lady, I have to say that her portrayal of such a feat was among the best I've seen in film. She clearly put on a few pounds for these sequences and she has us laughing at things we can relate to from personal experiences, and we are feeling her pain in others. She really went the extra mile here in both the comedic and dramatic moments in the film, and the film earns equal merit from both.able and believable and we are actually invested in her relationship with Stan. Solid performances go a long way in any film and for us to care if the romance lives or dies in a rom-com, is essential.     Even all of The Back-up Plan's side characters are played excellently. Anthony Anderson makes an appearance and steals the show comedy wise. Zoe's two best friends (Michaela Watkins and Eric Christian Olsen) are both crack-ups, as are all of her gal-pals at a women's group she attends. And her aunt played by Linda Lavin is genuine and sweet.      Sure it has a few clich elements like Stan with his shirt off, an over the top birth scene and a few others; but what mainstream film doesn't contain clich moments these days? It still avoided several that most similar films would have dove into, and the vast amount of creativity it produces far exceeds these moments anyway.     I'd like to give a shout-out to my girl J Lo. Having recently gone through a pregnancy with my lady, I have to say that her portrayal of such a feat was among the best I've seen in film. She clearly put on a few pounds for these sequences and she has us laughing at things we can relate to from personal experiences, and we are feeling her pain in others. She really went the extra mile here in both the comedic and dramatic moments in the film, and the film earns equal merit from both.
B000JMKQX0|5.0|I was never into reading books. In the previous five years, the only book i read was \\"I Am Legend.\\" I read it before the Will Smith movie came out couple months later.  This was the first time I've read a book and then went on to watch it on film.  And let me tell you, the book was infinity times better than the movie.  Yeah, I have heard people from school that have been saying \\"book > movie\\". I was too damn lazy to find out what the fuzz was all about.     Well, fast forward several years later. For some reason, i was at a Borders to kill time and delve upon my inner curiosity and i decided to look at the Sci-Fi section. I was looking for The Stand by S.King.  In my roaming  along, i discovered World War Z.  I decided to take a look at the back cover.  Hmm, zombie books.  In recent years, i have been disappointed at the zombie films that came out.  It reminded me of that feeling that i got from I Am Legend and it provided a archetype that got me into reading.  So i decided from that point on to take the time to get into reading books.    So i made the decision to buy an e-reader. I decided to buy a Kindle. It was the first book that i bought for the Kindle (i got three free books prior to it only because they were $0.00). And World War Z was the first book that i read on my Kindle device.  Let me say, i enjoy everything about the book.  It felt like i was watching something on NatGeo or the History channel.  The book touch on something that i never seen on films. I truly enjoyed the experience that i receive  from the book.  If the author is reading this, only sell the rights of this book to HBO since most of the shows (Wire, Sopranos, Deadwood, Six Feet Under) never disappointed me.      This book because started my craving of this genre (zombie or PA).  Since then, i have read Day by Day Armageddon, One Second After, Dead Sea, and currently on the Rise.  I have purchased over 45 books since then.  And most of them are in this genre lol.  I have enjoyed all the books i have read soo far including World War Z. That's why i rated it a 5 star because i loved it.     In conclusion, this is the first review i ever made. I do hope more people provide a review of the books they have read based on the content delivered by the author / enjoyability and not the price IMO. Because one of my main decision in purchasing the book is looking at the overall rating of this book (preferably 3 1/2 star or above) and the opinions people have expressed in discussion forums on here.  It gives me a basis on whether to buy or not.  Of course i look at the price weighing the other factors.  The more reviews, the better.  For people who hate typing up long [bleep] reviews (i'll probably do relatively shorter ones than this one), just leave a sentence or paragraph on how you felt about the book and the ratings corresponding to it.
0375842209|5.0|Very few books are destined to become classics.  I'm fully convinced that Markus Zusak's \\"The Book Thief\\" is an exception to this fact.  Although the story itself appears to be uneventful on the surface, there is so much depth that the reader may want to read this novel again to fully grasp its beauty.<br /><br />Leisel Meminger witnesses the death of her brother while she journeys to a foster home on Himmel Street in Molching, Germany.  Sustained by a kind, accordion-playing foster father, and a brash, yet lovable foster mother, Leisel takes up residence before the eruption of World War II.  Leisel finds solace in the books she manages to steal, and sustains all whom she encounters.  Brooding over this seemingly uneventful story is an unexpected presence: Death, the narrator, who is drawn to Leisel despite his attempts to avoid her.<br /><br />This marvelous novel explores Nazi Germany from a perspective that is often overlooked.  I was especially moved by the portrayal of the German citizens: people who are torn between loyalty to their country and revulsion at what is occurring.  Death is portrayed as an empathetic yet unsentimental character who seeks answers just like us: \\"I am haunted by humans\\".  I was moved to tears by this wonderful novel, and I know you'll be as well.  Happy reading, and God bless you.
B002AS466O|5.0|The Last Boy Scout may be something of an action movie classic. It basically has all the elements of a buddy comedy more than anything. The dialogue is hilarious in a kind of \\"Pulp Fiction\\" meets \\"48 Hours\\" sort of way. The story involves two men who become reluctant partners investigating the death of a stripper (I mean exotic dancer). Jimmy Dix is an ex - NFL quarterback banned from the league on charges of drug abuse and gambling and Joe Hallenbeck is a down and out secret service agent turned private detective after being relieved of his duty. Hallenbaeck is hired to protect Jimmy's girfrined, the exotic dancer, who is killed (professional hit) and the two uncover corruption in professional sports world involving organized crime, gambling and bribery.<br />This is not, however the mindlessly violent movie that some would have you believe. Most of the time the main characters are shooting self defense and the bad guys are the sort who deserved it anyway. Also, there is no misogyny here as some have reported. The Hallenbecks have a rocky marriage but apparently everything appears to end well and Jimmy Dix recalls his pregnant wife being killed in a freak auto accident which leads him into the substance abuse. Such moments are brief but then this is an action movie not a soap opera. The langauage basically consists of the f word used a lot so if you are offended go elsewhere. I think that it adds to the realism, as mobsters and drug addicts and even 13 year olds sometime do use these words. By the way at the end Hallenbeck appears to finally have his family life under control; even his foul-mouthed daughter.<br />All in all Last Boy Scout delivers what it promises; high speed chases, explosions and 4 letter words but the good guys win in the end and all is redeemed. A fun ride and lots of funny moments in between all the explosions.
076790592X|5.0|This is a great book and I recieved it within 3 days of ordering it. Thank you so much.  My family has familelial ALS, I have lost my Dad and brother already and now my oldest sister has it, so this book has special meaning to us.
B003JSU2NU|5.0|The music they pick to put on the soundtrack for these films are nothing short of amazing. They give artist who are normally unkown to certain generations the opportunity to shine. Bat for Lashes was a great addition to this album and introduces us to something besided the main stream music that I personally am sick of. The only thing I didn't like about it...the cd case is paper...I like the hard plastic...hey...it's just who I am. You do get a poster inside for those of you who collect those; mine was Bella. I'm listening to it in the car, at home, and currently at work. Great buy.
B0006ZE7G2|5.0|Loved the movie from the first time I saw it at the theater way back then. I like the fact that the interviews and the added footage gives you a glimpse on how everything got put together. Great effort, great concert, great movie.
B0000DZ3EN|5.0|I recieved my order in a well timed fashion and I am very happy with the product.
0446563048|4.0|\\"I thought about how easily we are all brainwashed by our society and culture to stop thinking and just assume by default that more money equals more success and more happiness, when ultimately happiness is really just about enjoying life.\\" -Tony Hsieh, Delivering Happiness<br /><br />Delivering Happiness is, essentially, Tony Hsieh's autobiography, despite his young age. I'll admit, it was tough to get through the first half of the book without really wanting to hate the guy, who sold his first business, LinkExchange, to Microsoft for $265 million before his late 20s. But I liked him in spite of myself, as he's a self-made guy who has built his success around creating a life he loves. He walks the walk, talks the talk & even ate $40 million, which Microsoft offered him to stick around for a year as an advisor. At first, he took it (he ain't no idiot), but when it led to multiple weeks of waking up late, heading to the office, checking/sending emails, & going home, he walked. Tony writes:<br /><br />\\"I didn't know exactly what I was going to do, but I knew what I wasn't going to do. I wasn't going to sit around letting my life and the world pass me by. People thought I was crazy for giving up all that money. And yes, that decision was scary, but in a good way...I had decided to stop chasing the money, and start chasing the passion.\\"<br /><br />The middle part of the book is all about the founding of Zappos - the highs, the lows, the smart decisions, the big mistakes - but it wasn't until they asked themselves the question, \\"What do we want to be when we grow up?\\" (yes, really - it's on page 120) that they realized that customer service was the key to not only to the successful growth of Zappos, but to the happiness of Tony & his partners. Once they decided to actually make the changes to offer \\"the very best customer service\\" (instead of just talking about it), that's when the magic happened: hiring employees not only for their skills & experience but their weirdness (if your head didn't fit in the door, you weren't hired - despite the money or intelligence that Big Head could bring into the company); making Customer Service be the entire company instead of a department within the company (every new hire goes through training & mans the phones, despite their title or position); not giving their call center reps scripts, but allowing them to use their own skills & personality (& weirdness!) to respond to customers. I can go on & on, but (a) I think you get my drift & (b) I don't wanna ruin the really great stories for ya!<br /><br />The last third of the book really, truly, awesomely hit home for me. In going into how Zappos became not only a ridiculously successful company, but did it by claiming & staying true to their uniquity (yes, Amazon recently bought `em for billions, but they're unallowed to touch Zappos' \\"weirdness\\") & out-of-the-book thinking, it made me think that Corporate America doesn't have to be evil - it just doesn't know any better. Hopefully, with more people like Tony at the helm, the Zappos mindset & culture will become The Rule as opposed to The Exception.<br /><br />Here are some kick-ass questions, exercises & ideas that Tony used in his own life, both personally & professionally, that I just couldn't not include here:<br /><br />  * Make a list of the happiest periods of your life, & find the connecting threads. For Tony, it meant \\"building stuff and being creative and inventive(...)connecting with a friend(...)\\" Once you find the connections, figure out where/how you can go do it. Where's the opportunity for you to live your happiness?<br />  * Ask yourself: What is success? What is happiness? What am I working towards? Make sure that the answer to the last question supports the answers you gave for the first two.<br />  * What is the 1% improvement you can make today? If you make a 1% change each day, that's a 37% improvement by the end of the year.<br />  * A nice chunk of the book is all about CoreValues - how Zappos found theirs, the questions that surrounded them (seriously, I can take all those questions & have a Tough (Question) Tuesday every day for a year), & the importance of `em. To find your own/your business', bookmark  The Delivering Happiness Core Values page & put aside time to go through it. Uh, there's nothing there yet, but since they list this page as a resource in the book, I assume (hope!) it'll be live soon.<br /><br />In summation (I love saying that), Delivering Happiness not only allows you to see that you can use your happiness to create an extremely successful business (& not screw anyone along the way), but it will make you think about what you wanna do in your own life / biz to deliver happiness in your own way. By the time I was finished, my head was swimming with awesomeness & I ran to book a brainstorming session with Tara Gentile to sort it all out. I'll also be joining the Delivering Happiness movement, which I know will end up being the foundation to not just my business, but my personal life as well. In summation summation, this is really, really good stuff.t surrounded them (seriously, I can take all those questions & have a Tough (Question) Tuesday every day for a year), & the importance of `em. To find your own/your business', bookmark  The Delivering Happiness Core Values page & put aside time to go through it. Uh, there's nothing there yet, but since they list this page as a resource in the book, I assume (hope!) it'll be live soon.    In summation (I love saying that), Delivering Happiness not only allows you to see that you can use your happiness to create an extremely successful business (& not screw anyone along the way), but it will make you think about what you wanna do in your own life / biz to deliver happiness in your own way. By the time I was finished, my head was swimming with awesomeness & I ran to book a brainstorming session with Tara Gentile to sort it all out. I'll also be joining the Delivering Happiness movement, which I know will end up being the foundation to not just my business, but my personal life as well. In summation summation, this is really, really good stuff.
B000063UR2|5.0|I recieved my order in a well timed fashion and I am very happy with the product.
B001S86J0I|5.0|For those of you who have long forgotten your youth, this movie may seem moronic to your oh so serious selves.  For the rest who remain young at heart, you will enjoy this movie immensely.  It has been a family favorite in my home for years and still gets laughs to this day.
0446563048|5.0|This isn't a traditional business book by any means, but then developing a path to profits with happiness isn't exactly a standard business practice either.<br /><br />In Delivering Happiness you get to experience the ups and downs that all of us small business owners know to be part of the lifestyle we have chosen.  While Zappos may not be a small business today, it tries very hard to maintain the entrepreneurial ways that served it well from the beginning.<br /><br />You will learn how Tony Hsieh and his team progressively built a culture that is happiness-centric, and often a little weird - and even how things like weirdness intentionally became part of the culture.  And you will most importantly learn why happiness in the workplace is not just a reliable path to profits - but one that is more sustainable too.<br /><br />Tony acknowledges that the success of Zappos was largely due to three basic concepts that they focused on until they got them right.  These three dynamics are Brand, Culture, and Pipepline, better known as simply BCP.<br /><br />The Zappos Brand is all about customer service.  The secret of making this very ordinary condition a differentiating factor is to break all the rules about how you serve customers.<br /><br />The Zappos Culture is created from those ten core values.  The secret is not the core values, but actually making them part of the fiber of the company.<br /><br />The Zappos Pipeline is training people to work in alignment with the core values.  The secret is never second-guessing their actions when they do.  That is both empowering and powerful.<br /><br />To embed happiness into a business plan is not a traditional measure for success.  Maybe that is why it works. I could give you more details, but I believe you will be better served by giving this book a read.<br /><br />You will see aspects of your business in the everyday challenges, escapades, and successes that were part of what made Zappos successful.  And that is why you should be able to apply some of them to make your business stronger, and a happier place to work too.<br /><br />I really enjoyed this book and believe that if operate a small business, you will too.ronger, and a happier place to work too.    I really enjoyed this book and believe that if operate a small business, you will too.
B001J4E1D8|5.0|This is the best visual adaptation of \\"Tess\\" and Gemma Aterton is perfect,  PERFECT in every way! The movie strikes a deep emotional chord nearly at the  start so be prepared for subterannean emotion to arise in a volcanic fashion  (i.e. one's face gets contorted, (not just rolled over) by tears! This is  the true Tess, the true English character, and an authentic understanding of  the emotional realities Hardy meant to portray. I don't agree with the other  reviewers who didn't like the actor who plays Angel Clare. I thought he was  great.    Polanski's version makes Tess look like a whore at the end (Angel finds her  looking rather vulgar in a red dress) and has some Gothic kitsch. His version  has no where near the emotional currency of this BBC version though Natassia Kinski  is a beauty. Still her beauty is equalled by, indeed surpassed, by this gorgeous,  stunning actress Gemma Aterton. She is so credible Tess becomes a real presence  in one's mind (and heart). This is an intense, haunting movie, so be prepared!    I did not cry once during Polanski's version though I watched them back to back.
0525421580|5.0|I've never solved a John Green website riddle, but I'm fan enough to call myself a Nerdfighter and \\"confident enough in my masculinity\\" to read David Levithan in broad daylight. I'm 1,231 of the 30 million viewers of John and Hank's Brotherhood 2.0, I've blogged pictures of myself \\"putting stuff on my head,\\" and I've enjoyed and even studied Green's first three novels. So it is with esteemed privilege that I review their latest collaborative effort, WILL GRAYSON, WILL GRAYSON.    Will Grayson's friends may say he's incapable of emotion, but that's not true. He's just obeying his two life rules: 1. Don't care too much, and 2. Shut up. You can't get hurt if you don't really care, and life in the shadow of a ginormous, six-six offensive lineman best friend has kept him safe enough so far.    Will's best friend, Tiny Cooper, \\"is not the world's gayest person, and he is not the world's largest person, but he may be the world's largest person who is really, really gay, and also the world's gayest person who is really, really large.\\" Football player, loyal fan of lesser-known-but-awesomer-than-thou bands, producer of musicals and matchmaker extraordinaire, Tiny is fabulous.    The other Will Grayson (o.w.g.) wants the world to die in a flaming bus crash. He's not Facebook friends with suicide yet, but they've met in chat rooms and IMed a couple of times. If you ask him, he won't tell you, but he's found \\"the one\\" and can't wait for the day they finally meet. Without Isaac --- screenname: boundbydad --- o.w.g. wouldn't have any reason to survive each school day, or slave away at the music store, or put up with his mother and absentee father, or etc.    So when...    ...Tiny helps Will buy a fake ID and Will's new crush-not-crush Jane joins them at the best underground concert ever, Will learns his ID is no good and has to spend the evening wishing. Wishing he had double-checked his ID. Wishing he was inside with Jane. And wishing the planet of his life didn't revolve aroundthe flaming star called Tiny.    ...while on the same night...    ...o.w.g. secretly takes a train across the city to meet Isaac. Hoping to actually meet him. Hoping this boy is the answer his life has been dying for. Hoping to hold hands and be together for the first time. Hoping to be normal, in person \\"because Isaac has become the one the songs are about.\\"    ...Will Grayson meets Will Grayson.    Their chance meeting and conversation show them that there's nothing wrong with being in love --- that what sucks about love is that it's so tied to truth --- and that if you keep focusing on why you have it so bad, you'll never realize how you could have it so good.    Nothing (aside from aliens abducting my eyes for intergalactic experiments) was going to keep me from reading WILL GRAYSON, WILL GRAYSON. John Green (author of the Printz Award winner LOOKING FOR ALASKA and PAPER TOWNS) and David Levithan (co-author of NICK AND NORAH'S INFINITE PLAYLIST) have delivered the fourth cornerstone of young adult literature. While some teen readers might be turned off by rumors that the book has too much \\"gay stuff\\" in it, the smart ones will ignore the rumors and take my word for it. Hilarious, touching, thought-provoking and worth it, this is one story you won't forget.
B000JML90Y|5.0|Excellant book ,should replace bible,koran and other nonsense.It is said by some of the reviewers that his theory lacks proof, and at the time it did, some thing Darwin himself admitted within the book.Later as also predicted by Darwin his theory as been proven time and again by science not superstition.
B0026PMN70|5.0|I had a friend turn me on to Lee Fields and the Expressions, don't forget about the Expressions they can lay it down.  I agree with some of the other reviewers, i couldn't believe that someone still made music like this.  It has this awesome throwback vibe with a true grit sensibility.  the whole album is stacked and you can listen to it beginning to end.  Talking about this cat Lee Fields, mannnnn they don't make voices like this anymore.  It's soul and style and substance all in one, the way real music used to be.  The tone of the album instantly gets your attention.  you can hear this album in your ears but you feel it in your heart. There's even an instrumental track that i could leave on a loop in my car permanantly. Let me talk a second about the expressions, i am in utter disbelief at how tight these guys are and they are a COMPLETE band... horns, strings, and percussion.  If you like soul or funk or just well made meaningful music, this is a treat.  I could go on and on about it but i won't.  Do yourself a favor and pick up this album.  You can thank me later!  ;)
1569242739|5.0|everything from this book has worked out really well... and all have been eaten rapidly by those who I put them in front of (mostly non-vegans come to think of it).
B001FB5634|5.0|\\"Its time to worry not when you have bad dreams, but when you start only dreaming of good things.\\"    This is a fantastic movie. I can't for the life of me understand why some people would give this 1 star. I would ignore those reviews. If you go into this movie expecting a rock em sock em action movie you will be disappointed. If you go in looking for a cheery movie that will leave you feeling good, you will be disappointed. The fact is this is a depressing, and at times, very hard movie to watch. It is a portrayal of what someone would face if the world we live in died. If there was no sun, no plants, no trees and etc. This is a grim movie no doubt, but in my opinion it is a very realistic portrayal of how society would collapse without food or laws. Do yourself a favor and see this movie, you wont regret it.
B003O86FMW|4.0|This book is just great. Ending is ok but everything else is so good. I just wish I had read them slower! I can not wait for the last one!
B000002UTI|5.0|What I love about this compilation is that A Day In The Life doesn't have the audience clapping lead-in from Sgt. Pepper. You really get to hear how amazing John's acoustic guitar intro is in it's entirety and fullness. Worth the price for that.
0143170090|4.0|Mikael Blomkvist, early forties, a finacial journalist and part onwer of the magazine, Millennium, has just been convicted of libel against industrialist Hans-Erik Wennerstrom. He'd rather take the conviction and jail sentence than fork over the name of his source. To protect the magazine, he steps down.<br /><br />Lisbeth Salander, 24, has been a ward of the state since the age of thirteen. Under a guardian, her life is pretty much topsy-turvy. While a brilliant hacker with a photographic memory, she is emotionally shut down. Questions asked that she doesn't want to answer remain unanswered; she clams up. No one really knows her, and she's keeping it that way.<br /><br />Industrialist Henrik Vanger followed the trial, and had his lawyer hire a security firm to check into Mikael. He wants to hire him. Back in 1966, Vanger's niece, Harriet, disappeared without a trace and is feared dead. Obsessed, Vanger wants his niece, or her killer, found. Every year, since her disappearance, on his birthday, he receives a pressed and framed flower, just like Harriet used to give him. He believes he's being tormented, and he wants answers. Adding incentive, he promises Mikael dirt against Winnerstrom. Very reluctantly, Mikael agrees to a one-year contract, on the premise of ghostwriting Vanger's autobiography, which would help open doors to questions he needs answered.<br /><br />The Vanger family is very extensive, with several oddballs in the bunch. It takes a while to sort through who's who, and in the meantime, Mikael is going through every stitch of paper, every photograph, that was put together on Harriet, right down to police reports. He believes he's on a wild goose-chase, believing that, if the police weren't able to find anything, than neither would he.<br /><br />How very wrong he was. With bits of information, and old pictures found and located, Mikael begins piecing what happened to Harriet together. Later, with the help of Salander and her photographic memory and her computer skills, they break the case. Only, it's much worse than anyone could have imagined.<br /><br />And with a sweet added bonus to end the novel, and again, with the help of Salander, Mikael blows Winnerstrom and his illegal activities right out of the water.<br /><br />**A lengthy mystery with a happy ending... for some of the characters.<br /><br />Right from the beginning, I had a hard time with the relationship between Mikael and his partner, Erika. I could understand the long-time friendship, and I could understand the partnership with the magazine, but I really didn't understand their sexual relationship. His marriage fell apart because he couldn't stop sleeping with Erika, even though he loved his wife and daughter. She's married, and yet her husband is completely okay with it. Now, I'm happily married (10 years this July 1st and have been with my husband for 15 years), so maybe that's why I don't understand that aspect of their relationship? *shrug* Who knows?<br /><br />Despite her emotional hang-ups, I admired Lisbeth and wish I had her courage. She doesn't take anything lying down, and plots her revenges meticulously. She's brilliant in her strategies, a genius hacker who will find whatever it is you're trying to hide.<br /><br />I liked how Mikael treated Salander right from the beginning, never pushing for information she didn't want to give, but he explained the terms of what a true friendship is, and gave Salander the right to choose for herself if she was willing to accept Mikael's friendship.<br /><br />While I found the book slow-paced for about the first-half of the book (of 841 pages, that is a long first-half), I could understand that the author was setting up all the characters so that, like Mikael, you can fgure out who's who. It was needed, even though it was frustratingly slow. But by the second-half, the mystery, the action, the danger, started heating up, and I was actually surprised at who the \\"bad guy\\" was. I had my ideas on someone else, until information that Mikael and especially Lisbeth unearthed. I rooted for them both, was just as creeped out, just as fearful, just as disgusted as they were. Lisbeth ends up having to really examine her emotions, something she never did, and just when she \\"man's-up\\" and decides to lay it all out on the table for Mikael, at the very end of the last chapter, my heart broke for Lisbeth. I won't say what and spoil it for those who haven't read it yet. I'll simply state: Go get this book! It's a must-read!. I rooted for them both, was just as creeped out, just as fearful, just as disgusted as they were. Lisbeth ends up having to really examine her emotions, something she never did, and just when she \\"man's-up\\" and decides to lay it all out on the table for Mikael, at the very end of the last chapter, my heart broke for Lisbeth. I won't say what and spoil it for those who haven't read it yet. I'll simply state: Go get this book! It's a must-read!
0385342039|4.0|The first 100 pages dragged on, I couldnt get into the characters, the ghost was just annoying and the main living charater was kind of a flakey wimp. It took me a while to get through the first chapters, but after that things picked up and I have to say it was pretty good. The characters shaped up and the story got rolling. I almost didnt finish it, but am glad I did.
B0015XAT3Y|5.0|This is one of my all-time favorite pop discs.  It is not just nostalgia for me, a teen when it came out, but based on the merits of the music.<br />  Considering that this was a double lp in its time, I applaud Jeff Lynne for coming up with so many worthy songs in such a short period.  The first \\"record\\" has 9 songs, all of which are first rate.  From the manic hit \\"Turn to Stone\\" to the heartbreaking ballad \\"Believe Me Now/Steppin' Out\\" there is not a weak song in the bunch.  My personal favorite is the powerful peice \\"Night in the City\\", although I probably have played the bizarre \\"Jungle\\" more than any other tune on the first record.  The second \\"record\\" begins with the four song set entitled \\"Concerto for a Rainy Day\\" and includes the fun hit \\"Mr. Blue Sky\\".  This set is so good that it makes the final four songs, all of which are decent, seem almost a somewhat weak after-thought.<br />  ELO was at its best putting forth this remarkable masterpiece.  Okay, maybe a bit of nostalgia colors my review.  Still, it is great music that stayed on the charts for more than 2 years, put forth 4 hit singles, and went platinum.  I do not put much merit in popular praise, but I know a good disc when I hear it.  This is it!
B003IWRE3I|5.0|THIS WAS A VERY REALITIC MOVIE,IN MANY OPINIONS WE WILL DESTROY OUR ON EARTH,IT HAPPENS,AFTER ALL FOOD,ANY FOOD,ANIMALS,TREES DIE,THERE IS SIMPLY NOTHING TO EAT,OUR MORALS NOW FAULTER PRETTY BAD WITH HALF PEOPLE OBESE,I THINK SOME WOULD DO \\"ANYTHING\\" FOR FOOD,SHELTER.TO LIVE,AND THEY DO HERE.SCARY IF YOU FEAR WHAT IS PREDICTED FOR US IN YEARS TO COME.
B002ZTQVGQ|5.0|This is a really cute story and my whole family loved it. I'd liken it more to Totoro than Miyazaki's other movies. It doesn't have a lot of deep meaning or thought-provoking scenes. It's just a fun story that makes you smile. Although, it wouldn't be a Myazaki movie without at least one scene depicting the environmental damage we humans are causing, and this story has that.<br /><br />Miyazaki has a great way of making fantasy appear very real, and I think that's what makes his stories so endearing.
030726999X|5.0|Many of the reviews have detailed the plot and so on here, so let me just add to the chorus of praise for Hornet's Nest.  To be honest, I was a little worried when I picked this up, having felt that the 2nd book had improved over the first, and there didn't seem any way it was possible for the trend to continue.  Let me just say that this is, in fact, one of the best novels i've ever read....period.  The way he manages each of the parallel narrative threads and balances them so perfectly - at times giving us little more than two or three paragraphs on one scene before moving on to another - is kaleidoscopic but still incredibly focused.  It was nearly impossible to put down, and the atmosphere was tense from page 1 to the end.<br /><br />Ultimately, this book doesn't need reviews to sell, but it is a tragedy that the world lost such a tremendous talent before he gained the notice he deserved.  And while I would never be so selfish as to suggest our loss is equally tragic - meaning the loss of future books - I could not help but feel a tinge of melancholy as I set the book down upon finishing.  His premature death will go down as one of the great losses in the world of fiction writing - though this trilogy has raised the bar and perhaps that will resonate with other talented writers who take up his example to push the boundaries of the genre and recognize that mystery fiction need not be devoid of heart, intelligence, and nuance to sell.  The fact that Larsson respected his readers enough to give them stories of great social import in addition to pure thrills is enough to rank him among the true greats of the genre.  He will be missed terribly.
0393072231|5.0|An insider's account of maybe the biggest swindle of our time. I sat here watching the ads for predatory lending over time and I knew we were in trouble. I wrote Senator Durbin years ago and warned him that these ads were encouraging people to do the opposite of what we were taught in High School business class. I thought that a lot of people would figure it out and sell the sub-prime real estate short, but people told me there was no way to sell it short. Enter credit default swaps. They invented a way to sell it short and rammed it through a hole where banking regulation used to be. Congress is trying to close the hole back up and half the democrats and all of the republicans are blocking it. This book is going to be a classic in economic history.
0385523386|1.0|I do not recommend this book at all.  I really wanted to like this book, but I found the author to be really immature, short-sighted, and vain.  She seems to have written the book to point out it was so unfair that she got locked up & that mandatory minimums are so awful.  But she got locked up because she broke the law. And because of tremendous amounts of $$ and white privledge, she got off with a very short sentence at a location that basically was \\"Club Fed\\". When she arrived, lots of prisioners came to give her gifts of shower shoes, soap, toothpaste, etc and to comfort her.  That was all a lot more than I got at summer camp! She seems to often forget that her actions contributed to the addiction, death, and drug violence that kills thousands of children and adults every year.  Even if you are having a great time gallivanting around Europe, if your trips are funded by drug shuttling and money laundering, you DESERVE to go to jail.  She is a pretty funny writer, but there are no insights here-- other than the fact that being young, white, and blonde in our society confers a lot of benefits.  But I bet you already knew that.
B002ZG99G8|4.0|I'm a fan of movies that have lots of explosions and lots of guns.  Having never read the comic, I didn't really have many expectations for this movie, but I really enjoyed it!  In fact, it amused me so much that it made my short list of movies to buy brand new instead of buying used from the marketplace!
B002ZFQD0E|5.0|This is just what the music world needed - an unstoppable woman who defies every category. You can put this cd on and listen to it from beginning to end without skipping a song. I just saw her in concert @ the Roseland Ballroom in nyc and she gave an AMAZING performance. No audiotune for this chauntress, she belted out her heart and showed her true talent. Down to earth, she even jumped into the crowd to crowd surf, performing so hard her bouffant came undone. Each song segues into the next for a continuous ride into rock, hip hop, funk, soul, and some other genres that escape me @ the moment. She has no need to show her behind in scantily made attire because her voice and stage presence screams volumes. Refreshing and inspiring, Janelle Monae is definitely here to stay.
B000063UR1|5.0|Have always enjoyed this movie.  Don't know why it took so long to buy it.  Early reference to living green.
B00000JGOJ|5.0|Somehow I missed Playing by Heart when it came out in 1998, but that's okay because I suspect I appreciate it a whole lot more now. Like the British film, Love Actually, it examines love from many perspectives, using an ensemble cast of terrific actors to show love that is difficult. A few of the types of relationships examined include: love between a mother and her dying son, a 40-year married couple who come to reexamine their life together in the light of a possible infidelity, and love(s) negotiated by three sisters and four men who try hard to figure out what these interesting women need.    In turns funny, sad, ironic, and a commentary on American society in the 1990s, Playing by Heart took the trope of love in LA, theatrical people in love, and just plain loving as work, and, well, made it work.    A film well worth seeing.
B003ELOQCA|5.0|here's what's simply amazing...    the sound mix on this thing is INSANE if you have DTS-HD surround.  i mean... i was there and this makes it feel like you're there.  some have complained about the editing or the video quality... i have to disagree.  Elevation and Vertigo (both directed by Hamish Hamilton) were cut to be all over the place.  this one is different.  each song has its own feel and approach and yet is part of the greater whole.  it looks fantastic.  yeah... it's a little grainy, but i think that's the point.  it should feel like a rock show not some slick, glossy pop show.  it honestly looks like i remember it feeling.  they've captured the feel of this show perfectly.    for my money, i don't know that there's a better concert dvd out there.  if they ever get around to releasing U2 3D to the home market, we'll see!
B002VKE0XA|1.0|I love horror films and movies that are scary, but this film was far from it. I mean it was so boring just to see them sitting around for awhile, sleeping, and not enough paranormal activity going on at all. The previews really threw you for a lupe, and it just didn't live up to the hype. I would not recommend this for anyone, because you will get bored watching it, too!
1441407820|5.0|This is a spiritual journey; a quest.  It's basically about a young man named Siddhartha, of the Brahmin caste, living some time in India about the time of the Buddha.  (By the way, it's important to know that the Siddhartha of this novel is not the same as the historical Buddha, who also shared the same first name.)  Growing up and carefully trained in the religious and philosophical practices of his time, he feels that he needs more and joins an ascetic sect called the Samanas. He learns a lot, but does not achieve what he inwardly desires.<br /><br />He then meets up with \\"The Buddha\\" - and although Siddhartha respects him greatly, he cannot accept his teaching.  After a cordial parting with the Buddha, he goes in other directions - and each time he doesn't seem to be able to connect completely with what he desires.<br /><br />Eventually he becomes enlightened after many twists and turns.  Some of it will come as a surprise to the reader, at other times the reader will experience and after-the-fact realization (\\"Oh, of COURSE!  How could I have missed that?\\").<br /><br />I've basically been reading this novel for over 30 years.  I read it for the first time at Muskegon Community College in my 20's and have off and on picked it up and read it again through the years.  In my opinion, regardless of a person's religious (or non-religious) affiliation, this book will ring true for anyone who has ever taken a spiritual journey, even if his or her conclusions are different from Siddhartha's.<br /><br />The most important point made in this book is that each person can and does learn from others' teachings.  But each of us also has our own unique walk and we have to find it for ourselves.  Even if we stay in our own religious or philosophical tradition, our own path is unique and not like everyone else's.
B000002I7H|5.0|Albert King plays a great guitar.  Wonderful to listen to.  Each note is full of bluesy emotion.  Can't go wrong with this purchase.
B0000TB014|5.0|That collection of video-clips is essential to really capture the importance of Michael Jackson in pop culture today, his heritage in a way. He invented the video clip they say with \\"Thriller\\" and it is true his accomplice Landis made a tremendous jewel of this song and theme. It is great music, it is great dancing and it is great pictures, filming, shooting, cinema. Most of the other clips on that DVD are good and some are fascinating. We will probably quote some still in fifty years, when we are on Mars, though he would have preferred the Moon where he could have practiced his moon walking.<br /><br />Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University Paris 8 Saint Denis, University Paris 12 Cr&eacute;teil, CEGID
B002HRTMHQ|5.0|saw that this guy was opening for Raekwon here in San Diego.  Wanted to see who he was, so i did a little research.  Nothing like what i had anticipated.  what a great, soulful, sound.  good production, really catchy songs and lyrics.  i have turned quite a few people onto this CD.  Fantastic.
B002TYZKIM|5.0|This will never be what it could have been but it is a moving and strong final image the world will keep of this man just before he was man-slaughtered by some negligent doctor. He was still at that time provocative and compassionate, full of love for the planet and the people and full of grace in the eye of God and Satan at the same time. He deserved better than this end, and yet this end will remain some historic moment in popular music, maybe not the one he was dreaming of but one historic moment anyway. Fare thee well in that digitalized final picture of a star that finally was managed into becoming a shooting star, a meteorite in other words that burned out when entering our atmosphere.<br /><br />Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University Paris 8 Saint Denis, University Paris 12 Cr&eacute;teil, CEGID
B003B13QQU|1.0|I just did not care for this at all. I appreciate the fact that they're experimenting with a different sound, but in my opinion, it just doesn't go over that well. It has too much of an '80s sugar pop to it.
B003FMTZOM|3.0|lets start with the bad artwork, it looks cheep. In the booklet of the cd, there is some great artwork. why didnt you use that for the cover??? then wheres selling this cd as a new sound, fresh, with sound from ladytron, sia, letigre, tricky, hill& switch. WHAT Happened, it seemed like the record company, or X-tina people got scared, thinking we got to get a top 10 hit or hits off this cd. BAD idea. First, the best songs on here are birds of prey, elastic love and bionic, all the slow songs, they dont work. Then there are the silly I hate boys, My girls, Vanity, I am not myself, these songs are a bad lady gaga songs trying to be top hits that will never be. as you all know not myself stalled at 45, or was it 54 on the charts.X-tina was on the Today show, you would think she would have started the show off with a new song, no, she did Fighter, and then two more old songs. whats up with that?? She needed to carry this new cd all the way with a new sound all the way thru. But it seems x-tina or her record company just felt it needed a hot 10 single. But they need to know the fans were waiting for a new sound...its a bad mixx, of bad tired slow songs, for gods sake, get ride of Linda Perry, X-tina, take a change, do a real new sound with your whole cd. I think your fan will love it. this was a good idea, but how it got so messed up, with too many sounds, all of the slow songs. zzzzzzzz. I had high hopes for this cd....but too much filler, this could have been a new turn, but it turns off on the wrong road, trying too hard for a top 10 ten singles and not enough on something new. What should have been, like Madonnas Ray of light cd, that had great songs, different sounds, just come off as a half warmed try to sound like Lady gaga. next time X-time, go all the way, with great songs like Birds of prey, my fav, and elastic love, and Bionic, save all the kid and teen girl stuff, like I hate boys, My girls, Vanity  for up and comming teen girls. your are a women. next time fallow all the way through. I think your fans will back you up.
B00127RAJY|4.0|This DVD is a workout!  Arrived quickly & then quickly kicked my butt!  It took me a week to recover from my first work-out!
0307454541|1.0|I'm a pretty liberal gal and a heavy reader but I really thought this book was complete trash. I have read 4 books in the past year with child rape as a major theme in the book and I am sick of it. Further more, if you took out all the shock scenes, the horrible way people died, you find that the book is not really that well written and the ending wasn't that great either.
0307266303|4.0|I read this book from cover to cover in one sitting. Really engaging, great story, memorable people and very visual imagery. If you've been a runner for a long time, it's a great read. The only caution I'd give is that you'll also get pretty jacked up about running barefoot or with minimal cushioning. This really does force you to land with less force, pull your hip muscles in and tighten your knees in a way that better protects your joints. But - learn from the errors of a long-time runner. Easy does it. Reduce your padding and train that way a little bit at a time over several months - not days or weeks, or the sudden stress fracture in your metatarsals will give you no choice.
B00005ARDC|4.0|The Black Rebel Motorcycle Club is one of the few gems that gives insight into the monochrome world of black leather and chain smoking romanticism. Born out of the prismatic state if California, the band have been branded many genre titles including neo-psychedelia, garage punk, folk revival, and shoe-gaze. \\"B.R.M.C.\\" is perhaps fans most favorite of album out of the discography. The Japanese version includes three bonus tracks including \\"Screaming Gun,\\"\\"At My Door,\\" and \\"Down Here.\\" The album has reached a familiar popularity that is well recognized by their predecessors such as the Jesus and Mary Chain and the Brian Jonestown Massacre.
B002PMV9K6|3.0|I did not like the beginning of the movie because that's not how it was in the book    they detour a lot in the beginning of the movie compared to the book    the book way was better and safer for harry potter     in the Movie Ginny hidden the book, but in the story harry potter hidden the book     One of the hoaxus is in the secret room where the potions book was hidden
B002SRQ214|5.0|So far I have had a smooth ride with this processor. It was easy to install and booted right up.    The only bad thing I have to say about this CPU is the fan that comes with it is loud usually spinning anywhere from 5000rpm's to 6000rpm's keeping the temperature of the CPU around 48 degrees Celsius. Because of this I had to order an after market CPU Fan. but other then that a great CPU.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I'm a Mom who works full time and I really wanted to get rid of the baby weight. This is a 20 minute workout, and its highly effective!Its nice to do workouts in the comfort of my own living room, after putting the baby to bed. I do the 30 Day Shred, No More Trouble Zones and Yoga Meltdown and alternate them throughout the week. 30 Day is my favorite because its fast. With her workouts, and a balanced diet, I've lost 7lbs in 10 days! (I didnt work out everyday either! ;-) You will see results fast.. She's pushing you and motivating you every step of the way. You wont regret buying this DVD. Dedication is key!!
B001FB5634|5.0|This is really a bit of a gut wrenching movie.  I am somewhat surprised that it is coupled with Wolfman, although the original intent of Wolfman was good versus evil, this movie is much more apocalyptic and unnerving in many ways.<br /><br />Set at a time in the future, you get a sense that something has happened immediately.  The movie is filmed mostly in and around Mount Saint Helens, in the initial scenes.  So, you will get the gist of what everything looks like.  I guess the author was attempting to show the results to the earth of a nuclear winter or nuclear fall, yet it is really what the remaining people do that is the key message here.<br /><br />If you view the extras in the DVD first, I suggest you get to know the story a little. The author is an older man with a young son, he wrote the book for a reason for his love of country, yet, there is something he needs to get across to us.<br /><br />The good versus evil is really telling.  What would you do if there was a lack of basics.  I have not seen a movie so stark in its depiction of possible future in a long time.  You are made to feel always on edge.  You think about the trouble these two are in, father and son, trying to get somewhere hoping for some type of future.<br /><br />Viggo Mortensen does a great job, his intensity is just amazing. Look for Robert Duvall, you may miss him if you are not careful.<br /><br />Finally, in the book of Ezekiel in the bible there is a scripture that tells about what things were like in a time of trouble.  People in the day hoped for the night and in the night they hoped for the day, why?, because things were just that frightening, you get that sense with The Road.<br /><br />If ever there were a wake up call on how to live in a time of crisis, this is it.  Yet, you wonder, what can man do together if a crisis like this comes upon us?
B002ZCY7PU|1.0|Contains Spoilers....    The first 2 seasons of Chuck were so entertaining but the third season was the complete opposite.  It became cringe worthy by the second episode of the season.  They had changed the characters of Chuck and Sarah so much you couldn't recognize them.  Poor Sarah got the shaft and was treated horrible but Chuck it was even worst because he became so overly self centered and smug that I found myself hoping he would get his a$$ kicked weekly.     The moronic intersect 2.0 was beyond insulting, I'm surprised they didn't give Chuck the ability to fly and x-ray vision while they were at it.  I'm sure the actor who plays Chuck was asking to have the character change so he could be a more 'suave' leading man but a metro-sexual Chuck is about as appealing as a Ken doll.      The build up to Chuck and Sarah getting together was dull, especially when the producers said they would be together by the end of the 1st half of S3.  You have no reason to worry about the 'obstacles' they put in their way to getting together since you already knew they would be elimiated one way or another.  Also talk about wasting Kristin Kreuk, I will say she did the most with what they gave her but she desevered better.  Brandon Routh made out a little better, granted his character wasn't really fleshed out but when he stopped being an 'obstacle' and became an actual character that he could sink his teeth into he was a blast to watch.    I won't even get into what they did to the rest of the characters this season and the way they were written.  It's sad when you have talent like Adam Baldwin, Sarah Lancaster and Ryan Ryan McPartlin given the horrible dialog/storylines they were given this year, especially poor Sarah Lancaster.  The few moments the producers and writers decided to toss their way were they were amazing.    So as much as I can recommend the 1st & 2nd season, I can't say the same for the third.  If you want to catch up then watch the videos for free at [...] butdon't waste your money on this one.
B00005K3O4|5.0|When it comes to B-Movies from the 1980's, two names stand out above the rest: THE TOXIC AVENGER and 1988's KILLER KLOWNS FROM OUTER SPACE! The Chiodo brothers have created some of the most hilarious yet nevertheless terrifying creations in the Killer Klowns: Bloated, misshapen monstrosities with snarled grins that wrap their victims in cotton candy cocoons before sucking them dry! Their Acme antics include a ghoulish puppet show, a bloodhound balloon dog chase through the woods, and a ventriloquist's act that makes the town sheriff look like a real dummy, just to name a few. Despite the inherent cheesiness of the plot, KILLER KLOWNS is extremely clever, and frequently parodies the Science Fiction films of the 1950's in high camp. On top of the creepy costumes, the film also features inventive set designs that turn the town and the alien spacecraft into a frightening funhouse of ghastly horrors. Even with the silly slapstick and asinine characters, this cult-classic is enough to give anyone a bad case of coulrophobia.<br /><br />-Carl Manes<br />I Like Horror Movies
0307454541|4.0|I've just finished all the three books in this trilogy over the last two weeks.  Larsson creates a very high level of suspense, so it's difficult not to keep turning the page to find out what happens next.  His mix of characters, gobs of data (on computers, the Swedish legal system and bureaucracy, for example), and weirdly extreme action  go with a tolerance for all varieties of sex (relatively bland) between consenting adults and a consistent hatred for men who exploit and abuse women, children, and mistreat immigrants or ethnic minorities.<br /><br />The stock villains of detective fiction are here - corrupt industrial tycoons, media barons, perverted psychiatrists, bloodthirsty gangsters, crazed serial murderers, unintelligent hit-men, rogue secret service agents.  And there are the good ones - understanding doctors, resourceful reporters, honest private investigators, and politicians open to reason.  With a lot of material tugging at the margins of readers' awareness (genetic mutations, autistic idiot-savants, Fermat's theorem, genius hackers), some of the coincidences, heroic escapes, and \\"technical\\" details are just not credible.  But most readers would forgive these fairy tale elements, as also the impossibly astute foresignt which some of the \\"white hats\\" display.  If you're caught up in the myth, you won't mind so much that it's mythical while yo're being entertained.  And Larsson is rather good at catching up his readers in the story.<br /><br />The translation's largely competent, though there are a few places where clearly the version in English doesn't quite make sense: e.g. \\"same difference\\" (a couple of times) to mean \\"no difference\\" or \\"same thing\\".  And yes, since the \\"hornets\\" are presumably \\"the Section\\" in Sapo in the third novel, the title in the British edition (...Hornets' Nest) is more correct, but most readers again won't bother about the punctuation in the title.<br /><br />In the end, surprisingly, despite the approval of sexual choice and gore, it is a surprisingly old-fashioned and moral trilogy - hence, in its way, given the length and sweep, as much a competitor with \\"The Lord of the Rings\\" and the Harry Potter series (ok, the characters are not gnomes or sorcerers, but there's a lot more to the other series than that). Is the Millennium trilogy mechanical, like the countless James Bond movies over recent years?  Not quite, but if Larsson had completed the 10 books he envisaged, the others might well have become so.<br /><br />I could only wish that Larsson's father and brother would make peace with his girl-friend, and we'd get to see the fourth novel (which Larsson almost completed in draft) and the fifth and sixth (for which he left sketches/outlines, apparently) completed by someone with talent.ingly old-fashioned and moral trilogy - hence, in its way, given the length and sweep, as much a competitor with \\"The Lord of the Rings\\" and the Harry Potter series (ok, the characters are not gnomes or sorcerers, but there's a lot more to the other series than that). Is the Millennium trilogy mechanical, like the countless James Bond movies over recent years?  Not quite, but if Larsson had completed the 10 books he envisaged, the others might well have become so.    I could only wish that Larsson's father and brother would make peace with his girl-friend, and we'd get to see the fourth novel (which Larsson almost completed in draft) and the fifth and sixth (for which he left sketches/outlines, apparently) completed by someone with talent.
0307592839|5.0|A Visit from the Goon Squad is a complex, intricately woven story about a record producer, Bennie Salazar, and his kleptomaniac assistant Sasha. Through various characters and situations--from New York to San Francisco to an African safari to the beauty of Naples, author Jennifer Egan masterfully provides details about the pasts of both Bennie and Sasha. These two intense characters prove layered and richly fascinating. A Visit from the Goon Squad highlights the personal challenges, the zeniths and nadirs of the music industry both by those intimately involved and those on the fringes of the business. Egan writes with impressive attention to detail and possesses the ability to craft a unique, humorous and riveting portrait of two people invested in the challenging and ever-changing music industry. Delve into A Visit from the Goon Squad, the latest novel from a brilliant, observant author.
B001NLKT60|5.0|I almost never give 5 star ratings.  But In this case anything less would be a crime.  TGWPWF is best-in-its-class good.  an immensely satisfying read.  But be warned...once you start you might as well forget about mundane things like food and work and sleep. It's that kind of good.
031606792X|1.0|As an auntie of a niece that is just growing way too fast (and I also work closely with high schoolers), I read the entire Twilight series to see what all the hoopla was about. For the most part, it is innocent (except for Book 4, \\"Breaking the Dawn\\"--do NOT let your teenager read that one!). Although, I do not condone feeding into the whole \\"vampires are real...let's feel sorry for them\\" mantra, I think the average teenager will NOT pick up or focus on the deeper social, spiritual, and psychological themes (which I feel are unhealthy, once grasped) throughtout the books. As I was reading, I could see most tween- and teenage girls 1) being able to relate to Bella's feeling disconnected from her \\"world\\" and 2) being strongly drawn to the undeniably romantic and tangible relationship between Edward & Bella. Girls will be girls; even I am a sucker for a good \\"star-crossed lovers\\" tale! Meyer does this very well; the hundreds of pages in each of her books seem to fly by because the character & plot development is so natural. So, for the most part, the saga is harmless.<br />*Parents, Educators, Aunties, etc: for the more \\"sensitive\\" tween & teenage girls, I would recommend having a talk about: making the clear distinction between reality and fiction (vampires), discussing healthy perspectives on boys (rejection: Edward rejects Bella), inner beauty & self-esteem (Bella finds her worth in Edward), discussing rebellion (the vampires have only 1 rule that they live by), keeping secrets (Bella hides everything from her father to \\"protect\\" him), the lifelong effects of choices (it's Bella's choice to become a vampire), stressing it's okay to be different but setting clear boundaries on acting on those differences (Bella would DIE to be a vampire), and about sex & intimacy (Bella & Edward don't have sex until marriage only because it's not physically possible--so we think)------all before they even pick up the book. All of this makes for a great, entertaining read but be not fooled, Bella is a disturbed child; a textbook case of martyrdom and low self-esteem--she even goes as far to state that she's \\"better at being a vampire than a human\\". Which is why I also strongly recommend to NOT allow your child to read Book 4. Book 4 takes this harmless fictional writing to sacrilege fantasticalness. Not only is the pregnancy scene ridiculously gruesome but Meyer vehemently strips the pure sanctity out of the entire reproduction process. It's intentional, I'm sure, which leads me to believe that Meyer wants to suck you in by reading the first 3 books to get young girls to buy into some gothic agenda of hers in the 4th book--the contrast between the first 3 books & the the 4th is that different. I felt like I was no longer reading about the characters in the first 3 books, but more like I was reading about sick superheroes and villains--it's like reading a more modern \\"Romeo & Juliet\\" and then pairing it with \\"The Hills have Eyes\\" (which I'm ashamed to say, I have seen) and saying it's the same saga. Book 4 is unnecessary.<br />In ending, like any book for our youth: read it first. I hope this helped parents make a decision before purchasing for their excited young one. :)ed, Bella is a disturbed child; a textbook case of martyrdom and low self-esteem--she even goes as far to state that she's \\"better at being a vampire than a human\\". Which is why I also strongly recommend to NOT allow your child to read Book 4. Book 4 takes this harmless fictional writing to sacrilege fantasticalness. Not only is the pregnancy scene ridiculously gruesome but Meyer vehemently strips the pure sanctity out of the entire reproduction process. It's intentional, I'm sure, which leads me to believe that Meyer wants to suck you in by reading the first 3 books to get young girls to buy into some gothic agenda of hers in the 4th book--the contrast between the first 3 books & the the 4th is that different. I felt like I was no longer reading about the characters in the first 3 books, but more like I was reading about sick superheroes and villains--it's like reading a more modern \\"Romeo & Juliet\\" and then pairing it with \\"The Hills have Eyes\\" (which I'm ashamed to say, I have seen) and saying it's the same saga. Book 4 is unnecessary.   In ending, like any book for our youth: read it first. I hope this helped parents make a decision before purchasing for their excited young one. :)
B001EN71DG|3.0|I bought this because other fans said the original versions of the Star Wars movies in this set were 'good enough' in quality (I have no idea what a \\"non-anamorphic transfer\\" is or what an \\"anamorphic\\" one would have been).  What I know is that I wanted to show my kids the original versions of the movies, without the Shmoo version of Jabba the Hut in Star Wars, without the cartoon Bespin ships added to every frame in Empire as if to distract purposely from the dialogue and make you think about George Lucas's cerebral infarct instead of Leia and Han's characters, I wanted the version of Jedi without the Who Framed Roger Rabbit re-edit of Jabba's palace, without Boba Fett sounding like the spokesman for Outback Steakhouse, without the world music cartoon city ending and Hayden Christensen's ridiculous seventh-grade face sullying the honorable images of Alec Guinness and Yoda.  I wanted the original versions, but the ones in this DVD set, anamorphic, non-anamorphic, antibiotic, or anaplastic, look like they came from the WUAB vaults to air on John Lannigan's Prize Movie circa 1980.    In other words, even to a non-technophile like me, the versions pretty much STINK unless you sit far away from the TV or take off your glasses.  That said, my kids can't tell the difference, and the grainy, dated look doesn't bother me as much after one or two viewings.  The edited versions look great of course, except for Lucas's computer animations which are less realistic looking than his 1977 effects (which used real light) and less persuasive generally than 1950s Disney animation.  I continue to wonder what type of cerebral infarct George Lucas has suffered.
B001FBIPF0|5.0|I actually wrote this review in December of '08, but I'm posting it now because I want to.<br /><br />I just read a review for Fall Out Boy's Folie a Deux and the critic got everything wrong. Well, not everything. He pointed out the influences of Sgt. Pepper, the blues, and New Wave, making songs sound curiously like Drake Bell and the Faint, but he made it sound like a bad thing. The album contracts many ideas, and the lyrics are self-aware enough to mock themselves, and all the way, it still sound distinctly like Fall Out Boy. It's not like Jet, where every song is a different band, or even like the Killers, where you go, \\"Hey, where are the Killers?\\" when you listen to it. I will agree with the fact that I can't even hear Lil' Wayne or Debbie Harry (you'll aways be Debbie to me, Deborah) but I sure can hear Brendon Urie and I sure do like it. (His contibrution is the song \\"20 Dollar Nose Bleed\\" sounds exactly like Drake Bell's \\"Up Periscope,\\" which sounds a lot like \\"Sgt. Pepper\\" but maybe this just makes that Drake is ahead of the curve and not just incapable of making a number one hit in the US. Mexico must really like the Beatles.)<br /><br />Anyway... my point is that I love this album so much I'm putting in in with the likes of blink 182's last album and Silverchair's Young Modern, which are essentially musical genius to me.
1416585710|1.0|Many reviewers have already expressed their dislike of the \\"private language\\" used by Lisey and her late husband, but few have mentioned King's tendency to blabber on at great length about something that could have been handled with many fewer words. His writing in this book is the opposite of economical. Extravagant? Seems too polite a term for his running on at the mouth.<br />As irritating at the \\"private language\\" is the way King has Lisey run through lists of worn-out cliches, followed by \\"As the saying goes.\\" He piles on several cliches about dying (kicking the bucket, buying the farm, cashing your checks, etc.) as well as vomiting (tossing cookies, etc.)and lots of other examples. To what end? To place such cliches in the mouth (or mind) of a character is no excuse for bloating your novel with them.<br />When he's good (as in his short stories for The New Yorker magazine, and some novels), he's very good. When he's bad, he's terrible. This book is one of the terrible ones.
B001AP11KW|3.0|A few songs on here that warrant a look, but overall too much filler-esque work to make for anything above a merely good release.
B0032JTV6U|1.0|I have to chime in with the others I knew that when I purchased the first DVD set for my sisters for christmas that it was part one, and that it wasn't the entire season. Now you are choosing to not release just part 2 of season one, but you are going to release the entire season? Relaly not okay. Terrible customer service. YOu know that people will buy part 2 if they already purchased part one.     Come on people, just not okay.     Oh, and if you think that people are over-reacting because you plan to release season one part 2, then don't make announcements like this. Just stupid. Terrible.
0525423842|3.0|Per usual, JG grabs your attention and writes in an easy to read style.  I found myself enjoying the book greatly until I realized that there were only 30 pages left and 100 pages of plot to cover.  I don't typically think most books should be longer, but this is an exception.  I almost felt like he was being too careful with the violence/action.  A few of the characters could have been more involved and of course there is the ending.  I've read every Grisham book and my man struggles with his endings. This book could have continued pretty easily with 4 or 5 more chapters to bring it to a acceptable conclusion.<br /><br />Personally, I liked Theo, even if he was a little too perfect and if this is to be a series, I'll read the next one.  I can't give it 4 stars, but it's better than 3 stars.
B0036B8MXC|5.0|I am somewhat educated, middle age, mother and wife, and happy about all four.  I started watching this series on my own and practically pushed it down my husband's throat to watch it as well.  Once he did, he was hooked.  This series is a total mancandy-fest.  Those muscles, full-frontal nudity of the men, base sensuality, purist love, and decadent sets and costumes......hey, forget about it!  This series is chock full of them all!!  Yes it has sex scenes, yes it has lesbian scenes, yes it has gay men scenes, but they are not gratuitous and they are equally proportioned among the 13 episodes.  The only complaint I have about this series was present during the first one or two episodes and that was the slow motion and Matrix-like blood spatters.  That attention to the blood was too obvious and immediately brought my attention to special effects instead of keeping my attention on the characters and the story where it should go.  With gladiators, the blood will come freely and it does not need to take center stage via special effects.  Thankfully, such treatment of using special effects waned quickly after the first one or two episodes and only reappeared a few times over the remainder of the 13.<br /><br />Personally I am positively thrilled by the blatant openness of this series and that nothing is withheld as if we are not mature enough to handle it.  Maybe the shock of such things will initially draw you in, but the depth and breadth of the characters and the story line will keep you watching.  For purely selfish reasons and my love for this series, I was worried about Andy Whitfield's health news early in 2010.  Now I read of his clean bill of health and return to the set and I am elated!!<br /><br />If anyone from the series is reading this, please do NOT take away our main characters or the characters who touched their lives or changed the story in a profound way, with the current exceptions from the first 13 episodes already excused of course.  To the men reading this review, get your butt to the gym and dream of looking like Spartacus or Crixus.  There is a reason good women love this series and it's not to share time in front of the TV with YOU!!  haha<br /><br />With exception to Lucy Lawless, I hadn't heard of the actors in this series before although I am recognizing a face here and there.  I am thankful that their lives are forever to be changed in a good, positive way for lending their stunning talents to this remarkable series.  Every character in the show is portrayed far and above the supposed \\"talent\\" pushed down our throats from Hollyweird.  It's about time, too.<br /><br />One more thing, guys.  This series is WAY BETTER than 300!!  To everyone who worked on this series, I can't say this to you enough....\\"GRATITUDE!!\\"ing this review, get your butt to the gym and dream of looking like Spartacus or Crixus.  There is a reason good women love this series and it's not to share time in front of the TV with YOU!!  haha<br /><br />With exception to Lucy Lawless, I hadn't heard of the actors in this series before although I am recognizing a face here and there.  I am thankful that their lives are forever to be changed in a good, positive way for lending their stunning talents to this remarkable series.  Every character in the show is portrayed far and above the supposed \\"talent\\" pushed down our throats from Hollyweird.  It's about time, too.<br /><br />One more thing, guys.  This series is WAY BETTER than 300!!  To everyone who worked on this series, I can't say this to you enough....\\"GRATITUDE!!\\"
B003K3OF78|1.0|I have never written a review on Amazon until now. Lord have mercy! Where did my boys go?? This jumbled up mess has traumatized me. Keane is by far one of the best bands to come out in the past decade but much like others on here, I feel their albums have progressively become worse.     I, too am all about artists evolving but not so far that the original art has been lost. Artists depend on their fans, and their is a reason Keane became famous but this album clearly lacks any trace of that reason.     Keane, please return back to the powerful all encompassing melodic dream music that made you so famous to begin with...
0586045449|5.0|This is LDs masterpiece, a fictionalised oral history about the British effort to bomb Germany into submission, as well as a minute by minute account of one bomber crew's last flight in 1943. LD (b: 1929) read over 200 books on the subject and interviewed countless ex-bomber crew members and other participants. He also talked with surviving defenders, such as a legendary aristocratic German WW II pilot, a wizard in any type of airplane, who enjoyed talking to LD and provided him with plenty of formerly top-secret information.<br />\\"Bomber\\" fuses LD's three main strengths: (1 )a burning interest in WW II, how it was conducted and won; (2) a life-long preoccupation with (advances in) modern technology; (3) the human factor, what prompts people to be or become heroes, how they talk, think, dream?<br />LD shows contemporary readers that during WW II, bombing enemy territory and returning back to base intact was infinitely more hazardous and difficult than today. Bomber aircraft and their fighter escorts had to fly low on their approach to hit their targets and faced fierce opposition from enemy fighter planes and ground artillery. When returning to base the same dangers applied, with the extra risk of running out of fuel. Tens of thousands of British airmen never returned...<br />Since WW II, technology has evolved exponentially. The highflying B-52, in service since the 1960s, cannot easily be hurt by enemy fighter planes or artillery. But modern bombers are invisible to radar and can fly from the US to Afghanistan or Iraq and back without interruption, because they are refuelled in the air.<br />LD's warm and engaged description of a WW II bomber crew is a far cry from today's US-based specialist bombers, who drive to work their shift in a nearby Airforce base to direct an unmanned drone to kill a target by mouse click on the other half of the world. They will not be remembered in such a warm and brilliant book as this one.
0393072231|4.0|Mr. Lewis capably argues that our economic mess is the fault of financial dealings so specialized that nobody bothered to actually think about what was happening; nobody actually read the fine print.  Because the best and brightest are tasked with simply making money, the system got turned into a feedback loop that exploded; leaving us about a trillion dollars in the hole.  The genius of the book is that Mr. Lewis demonstrates how and why nobody but a few wise traders had the incentive or desire to do anything about the problem, which was essentially that some very smart people created worthless assets that they convinced the entire investment banking system to purchase in quantities that stagger the mind.  Mr. Lewis invites us to ponder the incentives that make our markets and economy work.<br /><br />A good argument can be made that our political system is headed into the same trap.  The elected officials and we, the electorate, do not understand the complexities of government and modern global politics.  Just as it took a gentleman with Asperger's to hone in on the mind-numbing text of a CDO that nobody else read, we have a Congress that passed a hopelessly complex health-care reform bill and I am confident that when that mess blows up we will be reading a story written by one of the very few that actually powered through the full text of the bill that the real decisionmakers refused to read.  We insist on simplifying complex issues without reaching for an understanding.  By so doing we risk building a political structure that is as flimsy as was the financial structure of the asset-backed securities markets.<br /><br />The book did a great job of explaining the complexities of high-finance.  Obviously everything is clearer in hindsight.  I'm no Einstein, but I can reach for any number of books that can help me wrap my mind around his ideas.  True genius sees the truth before everyone else and that was the message of this book.  We don't all have to be experts, but we need to insure that there are experts working for us and not for themselves.  There are people out there who understand exactly what is wrong with the world and we need to provide them with incentives to share their observations and prevent the rest of us from driving off a cliff.<br /><br />Every voter in any industrialized democracy should have a duty and obligation to learn what happened with the CDO debacle, we cannot hope to prevent a future bubble if we do not take the lessons from this experience.  Fortunately, the government was able to step in and prevent credit markets from completely breaking down--it seems, to this reviewer at least, that the economy was not dealt a fatal blow, but how close we came should be the focus and study of every concerned citizen.insure that there are experts working for us and not for themselves.  There are people out there who understand exactly what is wrong with the world and we need to provide them with incentives to share their observations and prevent the rest of us from driving off a cliff.    Every voter in any industrialized democracy should have a duty and obligation to learn what happened with the CDO debacle, we cannot hope to prevent a future bubble if we do not take the lessons from this experience.  Fortunately, the government was able to step in and prevent credit markets from completely breaking down--it seems, to this reviewer at least, that the economy was not dealt a fatal blow, but how close we came should be the focus and study of every concerned citizen.
B002ZG99CM|4.0|I saw this movie at a screening last night in Los Angeles and I have to say I enjoyed the movie even more than the original.  So why four stars?  Because the movie which counted amongst its producers mum and dad Will and Jada Smith had about ten minutes to much of vanity shots of their son Jaden.  It needed to adhere to the less is more rule and remember that every frame in a movie must move the story forward. That ten minutes would have been better used by fleshing out the character of the mother who was somewhat of a cardboard character or the token white boy in the cast.      Jaden has inherited his parents work ethic and all of that is visible on the screen.  He does a spectacular job and the camera likes him.  Jackie Chan does a good job in the wise old man role although it's funny that as with most actors he equates a crying scene with good acting. The director does a good job and keeps the story moving.  The first kiss scene is especially well done as is the grand finale showdown.  His commercial directing experience coupled with his being a native of Norway serves him admirably in capturing the full grandeur of the breathtaking scenery in the movie.  It is obvious from the film that the cast and crew had unprecedented access to some of China's treasured historical sites. His inexperience as a director showing through in Jackie Chan's car scene and in the scenes with the mother where we need to see the characters breathe a little more.  All in all a fine night at the movies and a worthy addition to a kids film library if they are aged nine and above.
B0007RT9LM|3.0|This is one of those titles that I find difficult to review.  I don't hate \\"Coyote Ugly\\" but I'm not exactly liking it all the same, and that's the basis of my opinion.  If you want to see girls having a wild and crazy time or you're the type of eccentric person who wanted something feisty to watch with friends on popcorn night, you'll probably enjoy this movie.  This movie is loud, claustrophobic, and out-of-control, if this what occurs in the real Coyote Ugly location, then I got wonder about the safety hazards if girls can dance on barstills and lit the still on fire and dance on it like a tribsman.  Of course, it could all be exaggerated for the sake of movie magic.<br /><br />Naming the Coyotes at heart, the leader of the pack is Lili (Maria Bello), a character I kinda like because she's direct while being level-headed, which granted is what a leader is suppose to be.  Zoe (Tyra Banks), gets the distinction of not appearing as often as the other girls.  Rachel is the self-proclaimed b-word although she's quite modest for what she is, and Cammie is the flirty type, which at least that girl lived up to her status; these two shared a special distinction of not knowing who they are before looking it up on IMDb, and even then I forgot their names.  The final Coyote is the newbie and main protagonist, Violet (Piper Perabo), who got out of the Jersey to be an aspiring songwriter in New York, which failed attempts, broken dreams and meeting her love interest led to her discovering the bar and joining in. Violet bugs me, her sweet and innocent attitude comes as rather phony, and she's not exactly hard to please.  When she met her love interest, she played the \\"You're not what I'm looking for, get away from me, creepy\\" gag for only a few minutes before she let that guy easily get into her heart and her 'cage'.  The romantic sub-plot between those two was cheesy and patchy, almost contrived, but I know some people eat this stuff up from \\"Gossip Girl\\" or \\"Laguna Beach\\" so this aspect is of acquired taste...of low expectations.<br /><br />Since I saw the unrated version and never the original, I have some thoughts on what I think are added scenes.  One scene has Violet exposing her chest during a love-making scene; visible boobs is enough to know it's an added scene and I don't think the scene had to be extended just for that, and plus, why Violet's boobs and not Lili's boobs (just as a preference)?  Another scene has the Coyotes compete in a baseball match, and Cammie stripped while on batting to ogle her competition.  She only exposed her bra and panties, but I had to think this is added for this version, but the entire scene revolved around pointless, almost insulting eye-candy.<br /><br />Calling \\"Coyote Ugly\\" shameless is rather apt.  All these girls are just strutting their stuff, and though they keep the movie exciting, I eventually got sick of their promiscuity.  It's a case of 'too much of a good thing', and besides almost of the gals are really that interesting.  But the movie knows what it wants to show, so it's not bad or good.  It just is.ect is of acquired taste...of low expectations.    Since I saw the unrated version and never the original, I have some thoughts on what I think are added scenes.  One scene has Violet exposing her chest during a love-making scene; visible boobs is enough to know it's an added scene and I don't think the scene had to be extended just for that, and plus, why Violet's boobs and not Lili's boobs (just as a preference)?  Another scene has the Coyotes compete in a baseball match, and Cammie stripped while on batting to ogle her competition.  She only exposed her bra and panties, but I had to think this is added for this version, but the entire scene revolved around pointless, almost insulting eye-candy.     Calling \\"Coyote Ugly\\" shameless is rather apt.  All these girls are just strutting their stuff, and though they keep the movie exciting, I eventually got sick of their promiscuity.  It's a case of 'too much of a good thing', and besides almost of the gals are really that interesting.  But the movie knows what it wants to show, so it's not bad or good.  It just is.
B0039TD7PY|5.0|This brings back great memories. Two of my favorites. Where have they been?  I hope they make more great music together.
B00049QNMG|5.0|Music is amazing! Sound is amazing!  You can't go wrong with this HDAD. If you have a home theatre capable of reproduce at least 24/96, buy it. If you have a DVD-Audio, you already know the incredible sound you get with this kind of resolution.  5 Stars, 10 points over 10, you name it, this is so good!
1594488843|5.0|What's your motivation?<br /><br />As Pink clearly conveys in _Drive_, the carrot-and-stick theory of motivation is so last century, and quite incompatible with who we are and the world we're living in today.  Our motivations have changed with the times, for sure: While Motivation 1.0 was based on our biological drives, and Motivation 2.0 was fueled by our drives to seek rewards and avoid punishments, our current operating system of Motivation 3.0 is fueled by our intrinsic drives of autonomy, mastery, and purpose. When we are the directors of our own lives, striving to get better at something that truly matters, and working towards a cause greater and more enduring than ourselves, we are operating at our best--and healthiest--levels.<br /><br />Pink's book is truly paradigm-shifting and mind-blowing. His words are gems and magically capture the true nature of human motivation:<br /> \\"We're born to be players, not pawns. We're meant to be autonomous individuals, not individual automatons...We're designed to be active and engaged. And we know the richest experiences in our lives are not when we're clamoring for validation from others, but when we're listening to our own voice--doing something that matters, doing it well, and doing it in the service of a cause larger than ourselves.\\"<br /><br />Once you take this book for a drive, it's likely you'll never be able to go back to the outdated ways of thinking and doing. Goodbye carrots and sticks, hello autonomy, mastery, and purpose.
B002LK3DUQ|5.0|I have watched this movie now about 5 times and it is a great movie. I liked the behind the scences in the DVD. I was surprised at how the personnel involved with this movie went to alot of effort to get all the details correct. Makes me appreciate all the work it takes to make a quality movie. The DVD came in without any problems and works fine. Makes a very good gift for movie lovers.
1416550550|5.0|A little girl is found sitting on a suitcase by a dock in 1913.  The mystery of who she is and where she came from is the theme of this very absorbing/very creative book.  I happen to like family generation books with many pages, and this didn't disappoint.  Unravelling the mystery transpires in the years of 1913, 1975 and 2005 with complicated characters all related to this independent little lost child, and I couldn't put the book down.   If this is only the second book of Kate Morton, I am anxiously awaiting her next novel!   This book will be loaned out with a note to return for my bookshelf as a \\"keeper\\"!!
B003ELOQD4|4.0|The Blu-ray disc of this show is simply awesome. I give it four stars because I don't absolutely love every single song choice, that's it! I think the production of this disc is beautiful. It's simply clear and crisp when the producers wanted it to be. Don't let the 1080p every frame must be crystal clear types throw you, the creators of this presentation knew exactly what they were doing. The multiple angles and fly overs is spectacular, add to that the unbelievable lighting at the Rose Bowl and you've got a great 2 1/2 hours of entertainment. Really, it's a work of art. I really enjoyed it thoroughly. The sound is spectacular. Piped into your 5.1 HD Surround Sound and it's as if you are in the Rose Bowl! I'm excited all over again for U2 360 in 2011!!
B00008YJH5|5.0|Love it or hate it, there's one thing for sure: Your first listen to \\"Surfer Rosa\\" will be a memorable one.  Initially, you may feel as though some deranged hobo has broken into your house and proceeded to beat you senseless for 35 minutes.  However, within this maelstrom of madness lies a heck of a lot to enjoy.<br /><br />Perhaps paramount among this is the lovely Kim Deal, whose thick basslines propel each song perfectly, and hold their own well against the thunderous drumming and crashing walls of guitars.  Kim's vocals are of note as well, serving as the perfect foil to the psychotic howls of Black Francis.  Mostly she serves as a background vocalist, but she contributes some killer lead vocals as well, such as on \\"Gigantic\\" or the infectious \\"River Euphrates\\".<br /><br />For its short length, the album is full of surprises, from the raucous, explosive rock of \\"Oh My Golly\\" and \\"Broken Face\\", to the haunting melodies of \\"Where Is My Mind\\".  \\"Vamos\\" and \\"Tony's Theme\\" are fast and frantic, but still very catchy.  \\"Bone Machine\\" is more mid-paced, but still raw and aggressive (I believe Kurt Cobain actually admitted to ripping off this song with \\"Smells Like Teen Spirit\\").  The album ends strong with the bluesy \\"Brick Is Red\\".<br /><br />Simply put, this album is a classic.  May take a few spins to really sink in, but definitely don't pass this up.
B0031YJFCQ|4.0|Very satisfying conclusion to the trilogy about Liz Salander(The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo).
6304806442|1.0|This is the most depressing film ever!...There is not one redeeming factor, that has any impact on the audience. Robert Carlyle's character, where he randomly beats the crap out of folks that he gets in a brawl with is so terribly annoying!!! Unless, if you really have no direction in life, or lavish a sadistic, twisted nature, then this movie is by all means for you...
B00095NX9G|5.0|There are already some great detailed reviews on this product, so I won't go there.  I have several great DVDs (Aziza's Practice Companion, Drills, Drills, Drill, with Michelle Joyce, Suhaila's Buns, Yoga, & Pilates set, a few others) for drills & practice but this is by far the best.  It is divided up well, has some excellent drills that I have not seen before, and even has a section to assist in setting up a practice for yourself using sections of the DVD.  I like the yoga practice sets as they are easy to follow and feel good to do.  It is extremely well done and will be my private practice companion for some time to come.  I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a DVD to do some serious practice with.  I would not recommend this to beginners - to them I recommend Rachels Tribal Fusion - Yoga Isolations & Drills for Bellydance DVD.
B003CFBQBW|5.0|Love this soundtrack so much! I think it's better than Twilight's soundtrack in the lyrical aspect - these lyrics are more fitting for the story within the Twilight Saga - and better than New Moon's soundtrack in the overall sense.
B0038VPB5W|3.0|There's some good stuff on here, fairly consistent effort.  It seems a little poppy and weak lyrically at times would he my main criticism.  If you like BFMV I'd say there's a decent chance you'll like 4-5 songs on here, if not more.  I even like track 8, and I usually am not fond of their slow stuff.  I'd give this 3 1/2 stars if I could.
0439023483|5.0|Months ago, I began researching books to give as birthday gifts to my son who would be turning eleven. He is very serious, loves social studies, and wants to be a historian.  However, the catch was that I needed a book written for young teens that contained a compelling-enough story line to tear my smart son away from his Xbox.      Well, The Hunger Games turned out to be the perfect choice.  I knew I found something special the morning when my son, who hadn't touched a book since receiving the Xbox for Christmas and never seemed interested in fiction anyway, called me at work before 9 a.m. and said, \\"Mom, guess what?  I've already read 2 chapters of 'Hunger Games' this morning and I don't want to put it down!!\\"    This is a gateway book that has turned my son on to reading in general and opened his eyes to the vast and dynamic world of imagination, vision, and politics through fiction.  Sure the book doesn't have buttons, controllers, or satisfyingly responsive sound effects, but it lights up the world of the mind.    Others may have had their Harry Potter.  This is a beautifully written thriller for a new generation!
B003O3QT96|5.0|Christina has nothing to prove and it comes across on the album, which makes it especially fun.  She has great collaborations and her signature ballads, which makes this more of a collection of songs rather than an album.  If you know a thing or two about the artists Christina has worked with, you will know the fruit of their labor gives you ripened fruit!  FUN FUN FUN; this version may be clean, but she still gets down and 'Dirrty.'
1423113381|5.0|It's been six years since Carter and Sadie Kane lived together as brother and sister and six years since that fateful day that took their mother. Sadie has spent her time living with their grandparents in London, going to school, and hanging out with friends like any normal teenage girl. Carter has spent his time following their father, Egyptologist Dr. Julius Kane, around the world on his many adventures, living out of a suitcase, and having anything but a normal upbringing. Both Carter and Sadie secretly long for each other's lives and maybe even spending time together.    On one of his two yearly visits to London, Julius brings Carter and Sadie to the British Museum on Christmas Eve in an attempt to bring the family together. Carter and Sadie know nothing about each other, have nothing in common, and are beyond confused as to why their father is so obsessed with the Rosetta Stone currently housed in the museum. Dr. Kane, however, has a plan to fix the family problems by summoning ancient Egyptian gods for their power, but he doesn't anticipate the plan going horribly wrong.    Instead of releasing one god, he releases five of the most powerful Egyptian gods, including Set, the god of evil and chaos and desert storms. Immediately, Set encloses Julius in a golden tomb, much to the horror of Carter and Sadie. With Set running loose, ready to destroy the world, Carter and Sadie turn for help in the most unexpected place: their Uncle Amos. Amos shows up out of the blue and takes them under his care and explains their long family history. Apparently the Kane family name is in a long line of pharaohs, and Carter and Sadie are royalty and Egyptian magicians.    Amos also explains the long and often deadly struggle that the magicians have had with the gods over past centuries. The gods have continually sought to regain their power over the world, while the magicians have fought to contain them in the Duat, the land of spirits and the dead. Now that Carter and Sadie's father has released five of the gods from their holding place, the magicians are not happy and even suspect that Carter and Sadie are much more than they appear.    In the grand adventurous style that has made the Percy Jackson and the Olympians series so popular, Rick Riordan takes readers on a wild and fantastical adventure. Carter and Sadie learn much about their magical past while trying to preserve their increasingly bleak future. Numerous battles take place along the way, and the ending will forever change the Kane family.    There are many reasons why I appreciate what Riordan has done for children's literature. All of his books are chock full of history, mythology, geography, and other information that is way more exciting than a textbook. You will learn a ton reading his novels and have fun at the same time. His plotlines also leap from one crazy event to another, which keeps the pages turning at a rapid rate. Riordan makes sure that no one will fall asleep when reading his books. His chapter titles are hilarious and hook readers before page one. The pop culture references will appeal to every kid, and anyone who picks up THE RED PYRAMID will like it. Period. Pre-order the next installment in the Kane Chronicles series. It will be worth it.
B003O6W30C|5.0|This is an amazing album. I am a die hard Hanson fan, but I'll admit that The Walk was not my favorite of theirs. It was slightly unfocused, and felt a little uninspired.     I loved Hanson on Underneath. The snap-your-fingers songwriting, which has always been their strength, was at their best. Every song was fun and memorable and unique. Shout It Out recalls that fantastic vibe, but it's even better. It's even more passionate. It's even more fun. It's the kind of music that makes you want to dance around the living room.     For anyone who has ever liked Hanson... this is their best work, don't miss it.     For anyone who is skeptical of the \\"one hit wonder\\" 90s band... there is no trace of the band that did Mmmbop on this album. For fans of gospel singers like Marc Broussard and Dave Barnes, or piano-heavy singer songwriters like Ben Folds and Kate Nash, anything with a little blues, beautifully crafted pop, and a lot of heart.
B0010VD7EO|5.0|One of the things that's caught my attention about pop music in the last couple decades or so has been this musical intricacy and/or production of any kind,especially in the rock world was in bad taste and since than there's been one consciencious effort after another to make the sound of the music simpler and more and more stripped down-even in punk circles. In recent years the rebirth of twee rock,neo psychedelia and to an extent reggaeton have saught to find some sort of happy medium. In a lot of cases however some bands have been popping up in the last couple of years that just don't seem to care about any of that and just want to proudly where their musical flavors on their sleeves and just want to see how good the music sounds. MGMT are some of the later types of people. The music this album produces actually has no label. The songs are actually a very intricately produced (and therefore somewhat unfasionable) bleeding of textures very much in the psychedelic sound but not exactly psychedelia itself. Rather some equivilant I can't name that's very expansive soundwise and owes little to alternative rock or anything like that. \\"Time To Pretend\\",\\"Weekend Wars\\",\\"Kids\\",\\"The Handshake\\" and \\"Future Reflection\\" all deal very well with this style. There are gushes of poetic wordly about the modern rock and roll lifestyle and from that actually showcases how the music seems to be coming somewhat full circle from the 1960s onwards. There are other songs here such as \\"The Youth\\",\\"Pieces Of What\\" and \\"Of Moons,Birds And Monsters\\" that bring to mind more of a direct rock sound but again in the vein of psychedelic pop/rock inspired by the mid 60's but (again) rooted and built upon it's strong craft and production as opposed to heavy simplicity. There are two cuts here that are very interesting and in one case pretty near amazing. \\"4'th Dimentional Transition\\" brings in the ska/afro-pop style beat back into the music again,not that it ever really went away but the mystical oriented lyrics are very appropriate (either ironically or intentionally) to the cultural backround of the music. \\"Electric Feel\\" is not only a great choice for a single but also finds MGMT making an INCREDIBLE contribution to the style of new wave funk. It has an amazing disco-funk bassline,this well chorded fuzzed out keyboard riff and this very sophisticated sense of rhythm that reminds you,as did Queen and Talking Heads did long before this how important funk's technical complexity was to the developement of rock from that point on. Even now this album might be viewed as something of an oddity,perhaps even indulgent. But MGMT have still remained critically acclaimed,have a very broad audience and one could easily guess that the kind of sound they're creating here could easily spell out a vital,strong new direction for pop especially at a time where it could really use some.away but the mystical oriented lyrics are very appropriate (either ironically or intentionally) to the cultural backround of the music. \\"Electric Feel\\" is not only a great choice for a single but also finds MGMT making an INCREDIBLE contribution to the style of new wave funk. It has an amazing disco-funk bassline,this well chorded fuzzed out keyboard riff and this very sophisticated sense of rhythm that reminds you,as did Queen and Talking Heads did long before this how important funk's technical complexity was to the developement of rock from that point on. Even now this album might be viewed as something of an oddity,perhaps even indulgent. But MGMT have still remained critically acclaimed,have a very broad audience and one could easily guess that the kind of sound they're creating here could easily spell out a vital,strong new direction for pop especially at a time where it could really use some.
B000FQJAIW|5.0|This is the first Star Wars film. The dialogue is very funny, the special effects are great, the costumes of the aliens are great and there is lots of action.     The movie has a fine performance by Alec Guinness as Obi-Wan Kenobi. He's the only really serious character in the film and he gives it class.  The hero of the film is Luke Skywalker played well by Mark Hamill.    The movie starts with a powerful camera shot from underneath a Imperial Star Destroyer chasing a smaller Rebel ship. This hooked me into the movie. In the rebel ship is Princess Leia who is putting information in the database of a droid called R2D2. Princess Leia is played by Carrie Fischer. Carrie Fischer is actually a beautiful and intelligent woman but they give her a funny hairstyle in the movie so, unfortunately, you can't tell. The droid R2D2 and another droid C3PO exit the craft in an escape pod which falls to the surface of planet Tatooine. Princess Leia is knocked out by a blast from a blaster set at stun and is taken prisoner by Darth Vader who will stop at nothing to accomplish his mission.     James Earl Jones did a great voice over for Darth Vader. I also liked his performance as the villain Thulsa Doom in \\"Conan the Barbarian\\". Darth Vader's costume is also really cool and I would definitely say that Darth Vader is one of the best villains in movie history if not the best. He's portrayed as a greatly to be feared ruthless imperialistic general and hunter of rebels with a touch of Jedi mysticism. The other great imperial villain in the movie is Grand Moff Tarkin played by the great actor Peter Cushing.    The two other characters in the movie are Han Solo and Chewbaca. Han Solo, played by Harrison Ford, provides a lot of laughs. His arguments with Luke Skywalker and Obi Wan Kenobi are really funny. He's a smuggler who has run-ins with the Empire and has a price on his head for a gambling debt owed to Jabba the Hut. He hangs out with Chewbaca, a tall alien covered with fur, and has noobligations to anyone and looks out for himself.    The film culminates with a great space battle with imperial and rebel ships flying and shooting at each other all over the place. The part where there is a first person view of an X-wing going into a trench of the Death Star had me hanging onto my seat.    Overall, this movie is science fiction at its most exciting and funnest and I recommend it greatly.
0316044938|3.0|I listened to this on audio and it was read by the author.  In this particular case, I don't think this was a wise choice.  Nevertheless, I was interested in this book.  I think it was well done even though the monotone of the narration fell flat for me.  I didn't *enjoy* this book as much as I appreciated the story and appreciated the author for the interest that she created in the overall storyline.   The point of view was interesting.    It frustrated me, particularly the characterizations--I was frustrated with the author for some of the choices she made for these characters--the mother leaving her family abruptly, the father accepting that and then welcoming her back with open arms when she decides to reappear more than seven years later, no questions asked.  And, like many reviewers, frustrated by Susie's choice as she returned back to earth.  I really wanted to like this book and I really liked the idea of it.      While many of the passages were complex and beautiful, the writing was inconsistent.  There were large lapses in time and in other places, painstaking details of ordinary daily life.  Again, I liked the idea of this book, appreciated some of the writing and some of its dark beauty.  But I think it could have been so much better.  It disappointed me.  While I have not seen the movie, I could see where a film would miss quite a bit of imagery that was contained in the book and not certain it would translate well to the screen.  I have rounded my 2.5 stars up to 3 stars, because I do think that Alice Sebold is a better-than-average writer.      Spoiler alert:  Some reviewers have commented that the ending was unsatisfying and random, that George Harvey should be killed by an icicle.  I enthusiastically disagree--this was poetic justice, as at the gifted camp the kids were to construct the perfect crime and the main character had thought an icicle would be a perfect murder weapon--and just melt away.  So in the end, she was able to put that in motion,without anyone ever being the wiser.  Since it was pretty clear he wasn't going to be caught in the traditional manner, I think this was a pretty good turnabout and a fitting ending.  This is one quirk of the book that didn't bother me.
B0030U1TLQ|5.0|The Cure's finest work manifested in these 12 songs - they are intricate in detail and grand in scale - you could call it Cure Cinema - this kind of emotionally charged fragile musical onslaught happens rarely because it is so demanding of the artist to reach into the grayest depths of one's soul and have courage to translate it, effectively, to music and lryic. This is not only The Cure's masterpiece, but an album that ranks with the greatest of all albums ever produced. Particularly, if you are a fan of high concept albums as Pink Floyd's The Wall, you likely will appreciate this one.     The remastering is excellent - all the crisp fine-details in each song is brought to the front, and in surround sound it is even better, so you can feel it all stronger than in the original CD issue - the vocals are clearer, in a good way, as well.      As for the bonus discs, they are good but not essential - if you love the album you'll appreciate the extra stuff. If you're a casual fan of it then the bonus you may find too repetitive.     Overall, highly recommended!
0142000671|3.0|Well written, easy to read and kept my interest from beginning to end - although I was disappointed by some of the language - I understand it was the language of the day.
B002HFP0QU|5.0|I bought this CD for my 24 year old son who loves the Bee Gees. Never can go wrong with the Bee Gees!
B002SAUCBC|2.0|I was so disappointed.  The Long Walk was a Long Walk that I could not wait to end.  :(
B002ZG994U|4.0|OK, I admit it- as a man of 'a certain age' I saw this cheesy crap back in the 80's and I liked it.  A lot. Hollywood remakes always give that sense of 'oh no, how are they gonna screw that one up?' I'm happy to say this time they did good.  They took the old formula, fed it an adrenaline and steroid cocktail and turned it loose.<br /><br />At the beginning the boys aren't together yet- Hannibal and Face are a two-man Army Intelligence team.  Hannibal encounters BA en route to securing Murdock's piloting services - after liberating him from the Army Psych Ward, of course- in order to rescue his protege, and a friendship is born.<br /><br />The plot centers upon a CIA-sponsored op to recover stolen money plates and about a billion in fake cash from Iraqi racketeers during the final days of the war.  There's some animosity with some Blackwater-style mercs led by a man called Pike, who objects to Hannibal taking what he sees as their assignment.  After a successful mission, the plates are stolen and their contact murdered, leaving the fellas to face a court-martial.  Their CIA contact wants them to finish the job, the group wants payback, and the movie gets rolling.<br /><br />All the actors did well in their roles- especially for BA (Quinton 'Rampage' Jackson of the UFC) and Murdock (Sharlto Copley from District 9).  You got the feeling those two just crunched through the boxed sets one weekend and showed up on set the next day.  Bradley Cooper as Face looked like he completed a Charles Atlas course; he's come up since his time on 'Alias'. Liam Neeson was a little less cocky than George Peppard.  Jessica Biel's ice princess role as Face's ex-girlfriend managed not to detract from anything.  Even Brian Bloom was good for some laughs along the way.<br /><br />The best thing is that the movie doesn't try too hard- its pure entertainment.  Product placements, silliness, witticisms, catch phrases, over-the-top action- its all good.  Toss in a couple of decent plot twists- yes, I said that- and a few touches of character arc and you got a winner!  Despite a few stunts that did stretch my limits, it's all part of the fun.  I even liked the 'flying the tank' scene... don't ask; just go see it and sit back with a tub of popcorn.  You won't be sorry.uches of character arc and you got a winner!  Despite a few stunts that did stretch my limits, it's all part of the fun.  I even liked the 'flying the tank' scene... don't ask; just go see it and sit back with a tub of popcorn.  You won't be sorry.
B0001GMIOE|1.0|All the pictures of this product say it's a Canon BP511A 1390mAh battery pack, however, I just received a No Brand CN BP511 2200mAh battery pack.  It may work perfectly fine, however, I'm not sticking an off brand mis-matched battery in such expensive equipment!  Use at your own risk.  Eforcity has pretty good reviews, so I hope they are honest and refund me.  Stay tuned!
1423113381|4.0|I enjoyed this book as much as and maybe more then the Percy Jackson series but I am also reading the \\"Immortal Nicholas Flamel\\" series and the story line seems very similar.  The Kane books stay within Egyptian mythology while the Flamel books cover everything from Mayan gods to battlefield Valkyries.  They both involve legendary ultra powerful but untrained teenagers that save the day at the end.  One thing that stands out about the Kane series is Riordan dives into some social issues which gives a positive message to kids.  Overall I really enjoyed this book and I'll keep reading anything further from this author.  He hasn't disappointed me yet.
B002ZG9846|5.0|We're in 2013 now and KA 2 is finally out, which made me want to rewatch KA. After all the initial bashing (due mainly to a little foul mouthed vicious little girl, lack of publicity and \\"only\\" US$100 mi box office flop) from american critics and reviewers  I guess KA is now considered a great film for many and watching it again only serves to reassure the genius of the direction and visionary idea. The way each action scene was filmed using different technics and style and was worked, cut and assembled along with some flawless thrilling soundtrack is phenomenal plus the dark sadistic unbelievable sense of humor, it is in my opinion a master-piece (doesn't necessarily have to be boring). Kick-Ass, Hit-Girl, Big Daddy, Red Mist and Frank D'Amico what a great team. I don't recall watching another movie as many times as KA, easilly over a 100 times, well maybe Superman about 40 times. I guess Millar and Vaughn have no idea what they accomplished together, and it's fun to see more and more positive reactions from people with many different tastes in movies.
B0024FAR5M|5.0|Sons of Anarchy: Season One is a well written series with excellent cast and acting.  Great to see Katey Sagal (formerly Peg from Married With Children t.v. series) in a more serious role - which she does very well.  Hope this series continues well beyond Season Two.  It will be very hard to wait until September for Season Two to be released on D.V.D.
B002C6K7N0|4.0|First- let me review the music therein and keep my opinions of what i think of Mustaine to myself.  Endgame is honestly the best Megadeth material in A LONG TIME! I went into this record really wanting to hate it because I tend to disagree with people over-hyping records like the aforementioned one. Here's what I thought- the more I listened to Endgame- the better it got. Great fretwork, a good combination of my favorite Megadeth records combined(Rust In Peace, Countdown..., and Peace Sells...), decent production- the Mustaine sneer is still there. Lyrically is where sometimes it's hit or miss- usually lyrically he comes off far more intelligent than his heavy metal peers in this category. \\"Bite the Hand that feeds\\" is when it feels a little hokey:   They took anything and everything    As Long as it belonged to Me   The Rats all got the money   The roaches all licked the cupboards of TV dinners and beer  Luckily there were very few moments of this kinda cringe-able material. And retrospect- it's not terrible poetry- just a little lazy. Perhaps it's my fault- I put this man on such a pedestal that when he doesn't live up to my preconcieved notions, I get disappointed. But is it really his burden or mine? The reality is most of this disc rocks. (I could do without \\"The hardest part of letting go\\") Great job! Welcome back! And I also welcome back Dave Ellefson! (Who isn't on Endgame but came back as of Feb 2010!)
B0031YJFCQ|5.0|I have just completed the book, and was happy and sad all at once.  The trilogy was a consistent story that made you keep reading even if you needed to stop.  It's been a while since I have read something that was that engrossing and riveting.  I really enjoyed the trilogy and found the two main characters Salander and Blomqvist great characters that would have made for more excellent stories. Salander is my hero!
B002TVQ4GW|1.0|DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE!! yOU WILl WaNT YoUR MONeY BACk AnD yOUR TIMe. Please take my advice I stopped watching after the 78 minute mark and I skipped to the end. It does not make any sense like other reviewers have said and its basically like watching the same movie over and over and over. Good thing I didn't pay any money on this vulgar trash its not worth 2 cents of anyone's hard earned cash. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0441013597|5.0|I don't think the cover of this book saying \\"Science Fiction's Supreme Masterpiece\\" is out of place by saying so.  This book truly is a masterpiece.
B003ELOQD4|3.0|The problem with this show is that it lacks any kind of intimacy. The sheer magnitude of the production makes it more like a half-time Super Bowl show. Bono says the 360 setup is supposed to bring the fans closer to the band (and vice-versa), but I think it's just the opposite. Never have I seen U2 less connected to their audience as in this DVD/Blu-ray production.     We watched the entire concert, but had to split our viewing over three evenings because the ADD-style editing (2 seconds per shot), jiggly camera work and grainy picture quality is enough to give you a headache. For my money, I recommend the 2001 \\"Go Home\\" DVD which is far superior in almost every respect.
B0007ZEO4G|5.0|David Coverdale is fantastic, and he really shines here.  The music is a bit different from the previous stuff but if you go into it with an open mind I think that many people will really enjoy it.  Sail Away is just an absolutely fantastic song, almost makes the entire album worthwhile on its own!
B001FB5634|2.0|This film is beyond a doubt the most grim, bleak, and depressing movie I have ever seen. I am an avid fan of the post-apocalyptic genre, but this was far and away the most hopeless and gut-wrenching portrayal of any of them.     During a flashback scene, a character commits suicide saying that 'she doesn't want to just survive' By the end of the film, the story has done nothing to make me believe she didn't have the right idea - that's how bleak this is.    If you want a movie that makes you grateful for what you have (because things can be much, much worse), this is the movie for you. I'll give it that much.
B0031YJFCQ|5.0|First things first: The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest is unquestionably the most successful of Stieg Larsson's three volumes about Lisbeth Salander.<br /><br />Salander,  one of the most extraordinary characters ever to inhabit the printed page, is one of a large cast that includes the author's fantasy doppelganger, the journalist Mikael Blomkvist; Mikael's colleagues at Millennium magazine; Lisbeth's employer and members of his staff; a hefty number of police officers; a crew of secret agents; assorted prosecutors, social workers, and attorneys; Swedish Cabinet members; and a large group of baddies, including the thugs who hang out in a motorcycle club and two members of Lisbeth's own family.<br /><br />You might think that such a motley crew of characters could never fit within the confines of a single volume, much less come across as real people. Not so here.<br /><br />Well, maybe not real people. But the novel works. The suspense will raise your blood pressure. In a word, Hornet's Nest is unputdownable.<br /><br />Unlike so many of the complex, multi-character stories I find myself reading, The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest is easy to navigate. I rarely found myself wondering where or how a minor character had come into the story. Larsson's writing is so vivid, and his characters so well drawn, that I was able to avoid my usual habit of searching through previous chapters to remind myself who was who.<br /><br />A novel, like all of history, is a study of change. As Joseph Heller wrote, \\"Something happens,\\" and a character (or characters) change as a result. In that sense, the three books in Stieg Larsson's Millennium trilogy, beginning with The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo and ending with this long but consistently gripping novel, together constitute a single story. It is only here, in the closing sections of The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest, that we can see clearly the change that has been wrought in Lisbeth Salander as she passes through the trials by fire spelled out in these three engaging tales.<br /><br />(From Mal Warwick's Blog on Books)gaging tales.    (From Mal Warwick's Blog on Books)
0439813786|5.0|The premise of the story interested me so I bought it. I hoped I could read it to my 6 year old before bed at night and that he would be interested in it.    This is the first book he's asked questions about. He talks to me about the book when we aren't reading it. He asks questions about words mentioned in the book. It really captivated him. The story was pretty simple, the characters were fairly fleshed out and you had an emotional stake in them. The art was terrific and in all, this was a great little book.
B003CF0XDE|5.0|This is a very famous set, and it is very good indeed. At the price it's a steal. But seek out an mp3 of a track or two. You are getting 25 hours of one singer. If you don't like his voice -- most do, some don't -- then you should know first.    The sound is top notch late 60s sound, with simple miking. The voice is a favored a bit over the piano, but its not a problem.    All recording date from 1966-1972, when DFD was still in his prime.
B001HN6940|5.0|I have never seen the orignal Alice in Wonderland or read the book. I loved this movie. It was fantastic. Helen was amazing as the Red Queen. I saw a couple of reviewers complain about Depp's proformance. I thought he was a amazing as well. I don't know how this movie differs from the book. Like I said, I've never read it, but on its own merits, it was a great movie.
B003HE2B6C|5.0|At first I was a little hesistant about the new album, I heard sample clips of it and wasn't that interested.  It seemed that my love for Hanson's music had gone away, its been several years. I've gotten used to listening to all that Katy Perry and Lady Gaga stuff. However, Im so glad that I got the new album..those sample clips weren't enough to justify the entire album. Its great, tunes are stuck in my head and the blend of their voices has gotten better throughout the years, Isaac has gotten TONS better on guitar, and their music makes you feel happy after along day at work or school!  Let's bring HANSON back, show people what real talent is.
B000002VMD|5.0|Every track that Whitney sang on this soundtrack is amazing. The control, the raw talent, the range, the power, the softness, all the great things about her voice are on display in the songs on this soundtrack. She was in her prime here, and I think the only word that could accurately describe her voice on this soundtrack is...perfection.    I won't say anything about the other songs, the songs not sang by Whitney Houston, because I have never heard them.
B002VPE1AW|1.0|So apparantely James Cameron hasnt rebounded from his catatonic state that produced Titanic. He is still the dead minded hollywood director that spends his days at the chateau marmont in North Hollywood with all the other crappy hollywood directors, contemplating how they can further foul american cinema. From what i read Cameron had been working on this script since the 90s. My, to think that all that work from a previously brilliant director would amount to nothing more than the screenplay from Pochahantas is a savage blow to any hope for American cinema. What happened Cameron? you were once so talented and resourceful. Aliens and Terminator (1 and 2 that is) were fantastic films with original plots and interesting characters. You basically took a giant dump, photocopied it, ran it through a projection reel, and played it back to us in 3D. Thanks a lot.I hope the money this movie grossed, which is barok and disgusting to say the least, will more than cover the Kinkos visit and the repairs to the copier after you defocated on it.<br /><br />Now for a play by play description of Cameron's political motives in this movie. Cameron is evidently a rabid enviromentalist, possibly a peta terrorist, that decided he wanted animate and put his political views in 3D and accompany them with cat like blue people, there is a reason these creatures resemble cats, and a barely plausible script. The movie is full of nausea inducing music and lets-get-this-over-with acting. I had no idea Michelle Rodriguez was qualified to act. Did Cameron find her at one of his pro-illegal immigration, anti american rallies?<br /><br />Back to the cat people. Cameron wanted to make sure there was no room for skepticism of his political views so he made the \\"natives\\" look as nice as possible. Puppy dog eyes, cat like features, and a tail ensure that the audience will love them on sight without any coaxing needed. Once you have the audience on your side you can then make them hate whatever modern establishment you want by simply making them the bad guys and ploying them against your cat people. Marines have been the long running bad guys in American cinema since \\"Full metal Jacket\\". They serve in this movie as the henchmen of greedy corporate interests. Hmmmm...how very original. There is no attempt at giving any of the marines including their stereotypical commander any depth, and why should there be? We are supposed to hate them! Whereas the \\"natives\\" are portrayed as peace loving, one-with-nature, perfect beings that the marines, and their corporate sponsors, just have to destroy. apparently the humans in the future act much like humans in the 18th century, at least according to cameron.<br /><br />If i had made this movie i would have made it like Last of the Mohicans, a brilliant film by the still brilliant Michael Mann. Mann gave his characters depth, did not try to indoctrinate his audience, an made an original screenplay. The British were not the supreme evil, nor were the natives, nor were the french. they all had their faults and one was not superior to the other. There was no political statement being made just a good work of American cinema. District 9 remains the superior sci fi film of this year. Sure district 9 had a political message but it wasnt bashing you over the head with it's simplicity and the characters had depth and were interesting.<br /><br />My only hope is that Cameron will either rebound or just retire from film making. He is past his prime and obviously cant recover.want by simply making them the bad guys and ploying them against your cat people. Marines have been the long running bad guys in American cinema since \\"Full metal Jacket\\". They serve in this movie as the henchmen of greedy corporate interests. Hmmmm...how very original. There is no attempt at giving any of the marines including their stereotypical commander any depth, and why should there be? We are supposed to hate them! Whereas the \\"natives\\" are portrayed as peace loving, one-with-nature, perfect beings that the marines, and their corporate sponsors, just have to destroy. apparently the humans in the future act much like humans in the 18th century, at least according to cameron.    If i had made this movie i would have made it like Last of the Mohicans, a brilliant film by the still brilliant Michael Mann. Mann gave his characters depth, did not try to indoctrinate his audience, an made an original screenplay. The British were not the supreme evil, nor were the natives, nor were the french. they all had their faults and one was not superior to the other. There was no political statement being made just a good work of American cinema. District 9 remains the superior sci fi film of this year. Sure district 9 had a political message but it wasnt bashing you over the head with it's simplicity and the characters had depth and were interesting.     My only hope is that Cameron will either rebound or just retire from film making. He is past his prime and obviously cant recover.
B002T921AC|5.0|I have to say that this kid is phenomenal. His music is catchy, is singing is adorable as he looks and yes, Justin Bieber has an amazing talent, i highly recommend this to any JB fan out there. His first hit \\"One Time\\" kicks off the album with a nice prom song \\"First Dance\\" about him and this girl meeting up at a prom which i find a very nice romantic tune, but yet somehow 'makes me cry'. There are only 7 songs on the album, but one great song after another, just short and sweet.  His album debut is Justin Credible!
1577314808|4.0|I'm about half way through the book and am enjoying it very much.  It is exactly what I was looking for.  It's eye opening and inspiring.
B002ZG997M|4.0|This is a very solid film. This post-apocalyptic movie is gritty and action packed. Denzel Washington does another fantastic job at becoming his character 'Eli' and dealing with the less than desirable situations he is put in. Mila Kunis is a very spirited sidekick. Its definitely a water cooler movie.
B000084T18|5.0|People really unfairly rate GRODT. Some people giving it one star literally never even heard this album, they just hate 50 Cent period. Well, instead of hating on him for his post GRODT releases, actually listen to this album. I know The Massacre is a bad album. He sold out bad with Candy Shop and all of the other pop songs on the album. However, GRODT was when he was hungry and had something to prove. In Da Club and P.I.M.P. are tired now but the rest of the album is fire. Blood Hound is probably my favorite song on the whole album. I know some people were turned off by the singles, but just hearing the first song on the album, What Up Gangsta, changed their minds. Anyone calling 50 Cent fake obviously knows nothing about his life. If you're gonna hate on 50 Cent at least listen to this entire album before judging him. If I never would've listened to this whole album, I wouldn't have thought much of him neither.
B00009ZYBY|5.0|Gladiator is one of the greatest films of the last several decades, a cinematic masterpiece transcending time and genre. Part drama, part historical, part action, it is all excellent.     There is no weak point, but the story is perhaps most immediately gripping. A superbly crafted tale full of spectacles, twists, and intense drama, it is set in one of the Roman Empire's most interesting times; the movie is dramatic, moving, and above all engrossing. Very few films have pulled me in so completely; it is engaging nearly from the start, never fails to hold interest, and has one of the most spellbinding climaxes ever. This last not only literally had me on my seat's edge but also had my heart beating rapidly and seemingly in my throat.     Much has been said of the battle scenes, and they are indeed among the most brilliant ever filmed. The choreography is top-notch, the actions are performed skillfully, and everything -- setting, lighting, music -- is perfectly complementary. Above all, it is unusually realistic, so visceral we almost feel it. This is far from the usual light Hollywood fare; people bleed, scream, and die, and all is shown with stunning verisimilitude. Perhaps most fundamentally, and certainly most surprisingly, this is never corny or overdone. Some controversy unsurprisingly resulted; quite a few viewers thought the violence over the top, with several known to me being unable to sit through it, including some usually not prone to such things. The squeamish should certainly be warned; those averse to graphic violence will probably not like the film, though this should be obvious from the title alone. That said, it is important to remember that the film is set in a particularly bloody part of the always bloody Roman Empire; their wars were brutal even by war's standards, and their \\"games\\" are perhaps unmatched in the sad roll of humanity's penchant for making violence a spectator sport. Many films portray the Roman Empire, but few make its horrors so astonishingly clear, which is to its credit; the subject had been whitewashed long enough, and no serious treatment can continue the trend. Unfortunately, as always in such cases, this leads some to like the film for the wrong reasons. It is important to realize that Gladiator is not glorifying violence; it indeed in many ways does the opposite by showing war's futility and destructiveness plus the fatal effects of unchecked monarchy and petty revenge. The film takes the Empire as it was, for better or worse.    As deserved as the action's acclaim is, it unfairly diverts attention from many other excellences. For example, though it is obvious why action fans would love Gladiator, it is far more than an action film. It is in fact profoundly emotional; I have known several people to cry over it, including one not known to have cried over any other movie - and indeed only a few times ever. The story of Maximus, one of modern film's more believable, immediate, and deeply stirring heroes, is incredibly rousing. We immediately feel for him despite his apparent brutality - perhaps even in part because of it, which says much about the film's remarkable subtlety. His struggles and triumphs move us greatly; several scenes affect me more powerfully than almost any other film's. Perhaps Gladiator's most notable aspect is diversity; dramatic and action-packed as it is, it also has more than a little romance and even some humor. It is one of the more well-rounded films in recent memory, strongly pulling us in many directions.    Also highly noteworthy is the vivid Roman Empire recreation. This has again been attempted often but rarely, if ever, as successfully. Director Ridley Scott of course had the benefits of CGI - unthinkable in the days of early Roman film epics - but wisely avoids overusing it. Nearly any other director would have relied on it to realism's detriment, but he skillfully mixes it with sets and straight footage, creating a stunning montage. Few films are so visually breathtaking; the Empire's vast reach is on clear display, from Rome's grandeur - still hardly matched - to distant steppes, forests, and fields. The coliseums are also well-done. Everything is in place; costumes are superlative, lighting is just right, etc. It takes a rare film to bring a distant era so vibrantly to life, but this succeeds beyond all expectations.     Historical epics were an early Hollywood hallmark but were long out of vogue by 2000. Gladiator helped resurrect their popularity and reputation, but few attempts to replicate its success have even remotely matched it. Verisimilitude is what makes it work, but it is important to keep in mind that, despite being a historical film, it is not strictly historical. The settings are of course real, as are many characters and some events, but Maximus and most of the plot are fictional. This is no fault; the film does not pretend to tell history. The important thing is that everything seems plausible and is well-done; one should hardly expect more. Anyone wanting documentary-level history will be disappointed, but Gladiator does the important service of making an important time seem interesting and relevant; it has doubtless lead many to look into the era more thoroughly, which is what a historical epic should do.    It is of course impossible to talk of Gladiator without enthusing about the amazing acting; one would be hard-pressed to find another film with such consistently fine performances. There is no weak job, but a few stand out. Russell Crowe's starring role is deservedly praised; Maximus is one of the most multi-dimensional film heroes one can think of, and he pulls off all the angles with mesmerizing force. Crowe has a presence that few actors have and most would give nearly anything for; he need not even speak to convey very powerful emotions. This comes to the fore, as he moves from a tough guy persona worthy of any pure action hero to thoughtfulness to tenderness and seemingly everywhere else. However, Joaquin Phoenix's performance is even better - nothing less than one of the greatest of all-time. His Commodus is one of the most fearsomely convincing villains in screen history; the depth of true savagery he conveys is simply astonishing. Yet he is far from a one-dimensional villain; a conflicted, complex individual, he has many facets, and Phoenix portrays them all so deftly that we alternately revile and (almost) feel bad for him. Several of the lesser characters - notably Proximo, played by Oliver Reed in his last role - are similarly subtle.    All told, Gladiator deserves to stand with the all-time great films; it will surely be looked on as one of the decade's best, and anyone wanting a truly great film would be wrong to miss it.
B002MU4NL8|5.0|As a Star Trek fan, I just love this movie.  It arrived in perfect condition and has brightened up my library of DVDs.  It's a hoot!
B000FVQLRA|5.0|The Pianist is a low-key masterpiece, an unusually accurate historical film and deeply stirring human drama that reaches masterful heights without drawing attention to itself. Set in World War II Poland, it focuses on a unique Holocaust aspect and is essential for anyone interested in the terrible era or who simply wants a supremely emotional film.    It is the story of Wladyslaw Szpilman, a burgeoning pianist just before WWII who, like other Jews, is forced into the ghetto along with his family and suffers numerous hardships. Closely based on his memoirs, The Pianist is one of the most realistic films of its kind, as the documentary segment comparing era footage with the film makes clear. Szpilman was like many Jews in Poland and elsewhere in that he was variously dehumanized, and The Pianist's visceral depiction of Jewish suffering is truly heartbreaking. This is one of the most depressing films ever made in that it shows just how inhuman humanity can be; many like to think savage barbarism ended centuries ago, but it unforgettably shows otherwise. The movie's depiction of this sad time - perhaps history's most despicable - is thoroughly harrowing, a powerfully affecting experience that moves us physically through tears and otherwise. Yet, despite it all, it is a story of hope and optimism. Szpilman is above all a survivor, and the film vividly chronicles his determination to stay alive in spite of the grimmest odds. Thus, though often almost unwatchably bleak, The Pianist is ultimately inspirational, a tribute to the human spirit's power and endurance and an ode to hope amid hopelessness. Adding to all this is that director Roman Polanski is also a Polish Jew and Holocaust survivor; he clearly identifies with it on a deeply personal level and even inserts some of his own experiences. His determination to tell the story as accurately and simply as possible is key. Also setting The Pianist apart from similar stories is its unflinching acknowledgement that not all the oppressed were good or all the oppressors fully bad. It is as epic and multi-faceted as life itself - a lofty goal that many movies strive for but very few achieve.    The film is so fundamentally modest in that it takes an effort to recognize its many and substantial accomplishments. Polanski and company do not let showy tactics get in the way of the story, which speaks for itself as few can and could easily have been undermined or even ruined by a less sympathetic treatment. The presentation is so stunningly realistic that we nearly forget we are watching a film - the highest praise a historical work or biopic can have. This all-important velvet touch also extends to the acting, especially Adrien Brody's deservedly praised role. His performance is remarkable in that he is onscreen nearly the entire time, often alone, and manages to keep us spellbound without being flashy. It is one of the most demanding roles ever - physically and mentally -, and he succeeds with aplomb. It is to the other actors' credit, though, that he does not steal the proverbial show; there is no weak performance, and the minor actors playing Nazis deserve special acclaim for frighteningly real depictions.    All told, The Pianist is one of the greatest recent films, a brilliant depiction of humanity at both its worst and most enduring. It is hard to watch, but everyone should watch it - to learn, to remember, to revile, and to admire. Powerfully touching us deep within and leaving us thoroughly moved, it is one of the few truly unforgettable films.
B002ZFQD0E|5.0|I was rummaging through reviews on Xtina's Bionic, which is an atrocious mess. A comment in the reviews mentioned that it was a failed attempt to steal Janelle Monae's show. I had never heard of J.M. After sampling a couple of the songs I was blown away. I immediately rushed out and bought both the EP from '08 and this full release. I am blown away. This is seriously the best album I have heard in a long time. This is pop music totally redefined. It is legendary.
B002ZG997M|4.0|This was overall a fun entry to one of my favorite genres, \\"the post-apocalyptic drifter kicking ass\\" genre.  Gary Oldman's a great villain and it's great to see him return to the type of role that made him legendary in films like \\"The Professional\\".  Denzel, one of the greatest actors in the history of cinema, wears his age well here as a man driven by spirituality but isn't afraid to let limbs fly in bloody spurts now and then.  I think one more edit could have helped the pace.  It was 10 to 20 minutes too long in my opinion.  90 minutes would have been plenty of time to tell the story without losing the punch and themes.
B000ZELISO|1.0|Bought this movie for the DVD/BR/Digital Copy . . .     1) When you insert the disc, no iTunes support  2) It tells you to go to [...]  3) Welcome to Warner Bros. Digital Copy Redemption:  The Digital Copy offer for this title has expired    Warner Brothers . . . thanks for nothing; I'd understand if they didn't sell this ISBN/UPC, but it says \\"Expired May 7\\" inside.
B000FA5QEK|2.0|This book does little in a real sense to help anyone get rich.  It is by and large strictly motivational, not that motivation is a strong factor in the desire to succeed. Maybe that's the real point of this book.  You can get more practical tools from Suzy Orman.  In my experience the reasons the children of the rich are more successful depends on several factors, none of which are generally available to those of more humbler upbringings.  1. The children of the rich get paid for college educations and because of patrimony get into better colleges and universities.  2. The children of the rich do get favoritism for employment because of \\"inside deals.\\"  3. The children of the rich are recipients of family cash loans to invest in first homes and to start businesses.  4. The children of the rich are recipients of \\"insider information\\" regards investment opportunities and are often awarded investment grade securities through trust funds and gifts.    None of these factors are \\"transferable\\" through a book.
B001S33D1G|5.0|Originally posted at: [...]<br /><br />A door is just a door, right? Not when you're a dissatisfied young girl looking for adventure, it isn't. And that's exactly what Coraline finds when she sneaks the keys to the locked door in the parlor -- adventure. From that moment forward, nothing is ever as it seems. And suddenly, the world isn't the safe, warm place she once believed it to be.<br /><br />Coraline is your typical elementary school girl. She loves to be the center of her parents' attention and to explore the world around her. Although her curiosity and boredom do almost get the best of her during this story, she is smart enough to pull herself out of the trouble she created. With the love of her parents, her stubborn will, and an assortment of odd characters, she puts all the puzzle pieces together and saves herself. Coraline's character really develops during this short novel. She learns a lot about the dangers surrounding her little home and in the greater, wilder world around her. She learns to draw on resources she normally would write off and becomes a wiser and more cautious child for it all.<br /><br />Neil Gaiman has long been one of my favorite authors of adult fiction. To find such a wonderfully written story for a much younger audience made me extremely happy. He has an amazing way of weaving the dark and supernatural into our world and giving it a place to stay, as if it has been there all along. We just haven't opened our eyes wide enough to notice it yet is all. Coraline is no exception. Despite the age group it was written for, he delves into the dark and creepy with ease, finding the things that would most appeal to - and frighten - a child. Possibly not the best choice for a more sensitive child, it does have its frightening moments, although never gruesome. Best read with the lights on, Coraline is a sure fire hit for any adventurous child.
0785134352|2.0|Unlike most reviewers, I've never read anything by Mark Millar before, nor had I heard of the comic prior to some friends of mine getting excited about the movie. My exposure to comics has been generally limited [[ASIN:0316006688 Tintin]] and to trade collections in the crime ([[ASIN:1563896451 100 Bullets]], [[ASIN:1593963149 Sin City]], etc.) and science fiction ([[ASIN:1563899809 Y: The Last Man]], [[ASIN:1607060760 The Walking Dead Compendium]], etc.) genres -- never really been interested in superhero stuff. But, since the premise here is that it's kids dressing up as superheroes with real-world consequences, I thought I'd give it a whirl. I have to say that I don't really get the fuss -- it's an entirely unremarkable storyline with pretty standard comic book art. The only thing that sets it apart is the obvious intent to go totally over the top in terms of violence and language. None of this struck me as particularly shocking, nor did it strike me as particularly interesting. The main character, Dave, is a pretty well done version of a middle-school/junior high comic book fanboy nerd, so in that respect, I can see why the real life fanboys would like it. And there's some reasonably amusing satire of modern pop culture and mores, but it's not particularly sharp or biting. The story has a few twists and turns, mostly predictable. It all feels like a pretty perfunctory attempt to cobble together a story upon which to hang gallons and gallons of blood and the old ultraviolence. I guess maybe it's the comic book equivalent of grindhouse cinema, but not nearly as  fun.
B0026LYM5U|5.0|on this album, The Gathering sounds like they are almost back to their roots. the first song is an instrumental, but the second song tones it down a little. the new female vocalist reminds me a little of Anneke. while not death metalish, there is a hard rock sound to this album, but Silje's vocals sound very haunting. the guitar work is definitely a standout on this album. the third song \\"All You Are\\" breaks down into a bit of a piano work before it fades. this is some beautiful metal music, sort of like Lacuna Coil, and early Theatre of Tragedy.
B002UD56I6|4.0|I've probably written two-dozen reviews of music DVDs here on Amazon, and of all the music DVDs that I've seen, none were really like Michael Jackson's This Is It. The major difference between This Is It and the other music DVDs that I've seen is that the others are all live concerts; This Is It is footage of rehearsals and preparation for the tour that Jackson was to perform starting in July 2009...which of course never got started due to his untimely and quite tragic death.<br /><br />Odd as Michael was (and looked), he truly was a musical genius....So many great songs over a span of half a century. And over the past 25 years Michael's life became part of pop culture and he was a captive to whatever the tabloids wanted to portray the guy as at any given time. What this film does is give you the opportunity to see Michael Jackson the performer and also a first hand look at the man behind the performer. And it turns out that two things are indeed confirmed: he was a musical genius and he was eccentrically odd.<br /><br />To set the record straight, this impromptu documentary/concert DVD was never meant to be; the cameras and crew were apparently on set rehearsing themselves for filming of the first few actual shows. So what you ultimately get are very real and unrehearsed rehearsal sessions. And I gotta say, I wish that all of the music DVDs that I own or have watched included a behind the scenes rehearsal session. It's a very cool perspective to watch from. You not only get full or close to full performances of most of the songs, you see the real prep work that goes into performing each song and you get a glimpse at the personalities and camaraderie of the band, the performers/dancers and of course MJ.<br /><br />The film's director Kenny Ortega is probably best known for the [[ASIN:B001N6FPRS High School Musical]] movies. Kenny comes across like Michael's therapist. You know that guy Ben Stein with the monotone delivery? Ortega has the same droning voice and throughout This Is It Ortega can be heard comically talking like a child therapist to Michael as if to prevent him from having a tantrum. It's really amusing.<br /><br />But the real fun is watching Jackson perform the songs that you probably grew up with. The band is really on, and Michael at age 51 still sang like an angel when he needed to and could rock with the rest when he wanted to. There are very few low (or boring) moments on the DVD; when it was over I was looking for more. But alas there was no more; only the realization that it was really over and that The King of Pop has left fans with a nice parting gift in this DVD.<br /><br />Songs include:<br /><br />\\"Wanna Be Startin' Somethin'\\"<br />\\"Speechless\\"<br />\\"Jam\\"<br />\\"Bad\\"<br />\\"They Don't Care About Us\\"<br />\\"Human Nature\\"<br />\\"Smooth Criminal\\"<br />\\"The Way You Make Me Feel.\\"<br />\\"I Want You Back\\", \\"The Love You Save\\", \\"I'll Be There\\" and \\"Shake Your Body (Down to the Ground)\\" medley<br />\\"I Just Can't Stop Loving You\\"<br />\\"Thriller\\"<br />\\"Who Is It\\"<br />\\"Beat It<br />\\"Black or White\\"<br />\\"Earth Song\\"<br />\\"Billie Jean<br />\\"Man in the Mirror\\"<br />\\"This Is It\\"can be heard comically talking like a child therapist to Michael as if to prevent him from having a tantrum. It's really amusing.     But the real fun is watching Jackson perform the songs that you probably grew up with. The band is really on, and Michael at age 51 still sang like an angel when he needed to and could rock with the rest when he wanted to. There are very few low (or boring) moments on the DVD; when it was over I was looking for more. But alas there was no more; only the realization that it was really over and that The King of Pop has left fans with a nice parting gift in this DVD.     Songs include:    \\"Wanna Be Startin' Somethin'\\"   \\"Speechless\\"   \\"Jam\\"   \\"Bad\\"   \\"They Don't Care About Us\\"   \\"Human Nature\\"   \\"Smooth Criminal\\"   \\"The Way You Make Me Feel.\\"   \\"I Want You Back\\", \\"The Love You Save\\", \\"I'll Be There\\" and \\"Shake Your Body (Down to the Ground)\\" medley  \\"I Just Can't Stop Loving You\\"   \\"Thriller\\"   \\"Who Is It\\"   \\"Beat It  \\"Black or White\\"   \\"Earth Song\\"   \\"Billie Jean  \\"Man in the Mirror\\"   \\"This Is It\\"
1852424672|5.0|Powerful and fascinating story of a teenage boy that commits a mass murder at his high school, told by the mother's point of view, a dysfunctional mother who acknowledges she was never able to love her son, through letters to the father, also dysfunctional, who has gone.  I loved the author's wordage - these letters are sharp, witty, efficient, flowing and authentic.    And what an ending!  With so many books missing the mark here, this one is perfect.  This view of a family dealing with tragedy, looking from the inside out, presents a unique perspective for the reader.  I loved it.
0812971825|5.0|Loved the book - sold as used, it was like new. Mailed out to me promptly.
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|I love this movie! It is beautifully acted and filmed and the musical score is wonderful. Yes, it is hard to portray the story in only two hours which leads to a fast pace and changes not completely true to the book. I will admit that until I saw this movie, I had never read Pride and Prejudice or seen any previous film adaptations. I have now read the book and watched previous films and become a Jane Austen fan. Great influence from a movie. Matthew Macfayden is a wonderful, very believable Mr Darcy and Keira Knightley is my most favorite Elizabeth.
B003E48AYC|5.0|I got this movie in blu ray so the graphics were amazing. The movie was awesome. A perfect storyline, plot, and everything else. They picked an amazing cast. This movie is a movie that you can watch over and over and over and over again and you'll never get tired of it. So if you're looking for adventure buy this. If you're looking for a new movie for family movie night buy this. You won't regret it.
B0000CF35G|5.0|Great Sony lp resssie on heavy weight vinyl of the best album ever by AC/DC. Great price.
B002ZG9788|4.0|ok so  the first one has more story but this one has the best especial effects no clay monsters. i think the movie is good yes they could have made it better but is still a good action movie
0812976525|4.0|Christopher Buckley is hilarious! This is the first one of his books I have read and I will definitely be reading more.
0545123267|5.0|story about Sam (wolfe) Grace (human).  Grace has always been obsessed by these wolves in her backyard...but there was this one wolf that was special that had beautiful yellow eyes...(sam) Sam turns into a wolf in the winter and human in the summer.  Sam turns into a human when it was almost too cold outside Grace ends up helping him stay human...they fall in love.<br /><br />Now, winter's around the corner it's getting harder and harder for sam to stay human caught between trying to stay human for Grace, not wanting to be change..and deep inside his body is trying to change.  But, ofcourse there's always going to be a \\"bummer\\" part which he ends up turning back to wolf form again..unfortunately there's an expiration with shifting wolf to human, and this was sam's last to be able to shift and he'll be forever be a wolf.<br /><br />In the end if there's a will there's a way, he ends up being human again.  Too many details go into the book I can't say too much.  THIS BOOK IS SOO FANTASTICAL it will keep u up wanting to finish the book in the same day.  Definately an A+ in my list of fav books.<br />I can't wait for linger.....
B003A4IFDW|3.0|Let me start by saying that I LOVE Bettye LaVette.  I think her voice  is a wonder and her interpretive powers are usually beyond compare.  I  was very excited to get this CD after seeing her earthshattering   performance of \\"Love Reign O'er Me\\" on the Kennedy Center Awards TV  Broadcast.  However, after several listens to this CD I must confess  that I am underwhelmed.  She starts off with the Beatles \\"The Word\\" and  turns it into something completely different from the original--funky,  soulful and intense.  But then in song after song after song she tears  into the lyrics like a woman unleashed (and that's a good thing), all  the while completely obliterating the melodies of these classics.  I'm  all for artistic expression, but I don't see the point of replacing   some really great tunes with rote, repetitious blues riffing.  Yes, I  know she's a blues singer but after a while I felt like I could predict  which riffs she would do next.  I mean, \\"Maybe I'm Amazed\\" has a great  melody.  Why erase it?  The same with \\"It Don't Come Easy\\" and several  others.  At least \\"Nights In White Satin\\" has some resemblance to the  original melody.  I'm not saying you have to stick to the exact tune,  but you certainly can express your individuality without throwing out  the composer's entire melodic line.  I mean Etta James, Aretha and Tina  Turner have done it time after time after time.  Don't get me wrong--  each individual song is done well, but after a while they all sounded  the same to me.  And again, I think Ms. LaVette is super-talented.  I  just think she overdid it this time around.  I much prefer her last two  or three albums to this one.  Sorry!
0545128285|5.0|This is a cute, quick read, that ties into the Harry Potter stories.  I enjoyed it.
B003405MF6|5.0|I dropped in the CD and was struck by the first cut, \\"Corpus Christi Carol\\".  Through his guitar and fingers (sans pick), he is singing, vocalizing, or more accurately on this first cut, reciting a prayer.  Now, his choice of Nessun Dorma, which I saw prior on YouTube, makes perfect sense to me. Frankly the live, video cuts don't do this studio recording justice. I never knew he was such a \\"Diva\\" (said with humor and respect). Sure, I truly LOVE the ripping tunes that I grew up with. The Rock-A-Billy selections he's doing currently with Imelda May and Band are a blast.  This is a different Beck. Here, I perceive much more coming from his heart and soul, especially on the rubato, tender cuts. Wow! Very enjoyable. I listened through twice in one sitting. A record hasn't made me want to do that in a while.
B002QGUFWE|5.0|I love all 8 new songs on this album. Especially Dance in the dark, and Alejandro. Go Gaga! I wish there were more songs on the new  album. I loved each and every song.
B0015D3Z4O|4.0|Of course by now it's safe to assume the entire world knows of Madonna, But just in case you forgot: Madonna is a pop star above all other female pop stars. Madonna is the only recognized &#34;Queen of Pop&#34; and for almost thirty years now she's been making us (for lack of a better word) get our grooves on to her irresistible blend of Pop and Electro dance grooves. The songs have only been some of the finest and most successful pop songs of the past twenty-seven years. Classics like &#34;Holiday&#34;, &#34;Like a Prayer&#34;, &#34;Vogue&#34; and &#34;Express Yourself&#34; have cemented her status as the one and only queen of pop and though there have been many imitators (Everyone from one time 80's pop princess Debbie Gibson to recent star Lady Gaga) there's still only one Madonna.<br /><br />Needless to say I'm a huge Madonna fan since childhood, But I must confess it wasn't until I became a Britney Spears fan that I realized where Britney got her stage persona from. Britney is another one of my favorite entertainers (both her and Madge put on great shows) and without first becoming a fan of hers, I may have never became a Madonna fan. In all honesty though while I admire Britney and enjoy her music immensely, I view Britney as a sort of Madonna imitator. The only difference is unlike Britney, Madonna's much more versatile in the material she puts out.<br /><br />I'm a self-termed &#34;Madonna purest&#34;, Which simply means I find myself enjoying the carefree and heavily dance-able songs of her early years the most (It's hard to top those early classics). For years now I've been wishing for Madonna to get back to those simple times, but I've ended up being slightly disappointed with each new release. Sadly since the start of the 2000's it seems like Madonna's been more of a follower instead of a leader. Don't get me wrong &#34;[[ASIN:B000B8QEZG Confessions on a Dance Floor]]&#34; was great, But five years later I don't seem to get much of a kick out the thing. In short I just wish Madonna would recapture the magic her 80's stuff had. The  special something that made you play the CD/Record till you couldn't play it no more! I understand Madonna's the &#34;Queen of Reinvention&#34; and I don't want her to repeat herself, But can you really blame a fan for wanting the &#34;Queen of Pop&#34; to get some of her old mojo back?<br /><br />In the months leading up to the &#34;Hard Candy&#34; release date, I was delighted to see a more sexually free Madonna in interviews and photo shoots. The shots and interviews sort of reminded me of one of my favorite eras of her's (Erotica). I was excited about the project, until I heard her collaboration with Justin Timberlake on the radio. &#34;4 Minutes&#34; is one of the weirdest &#34;save the world&#34; anthems I've heard thus far. It's not really as much the lyrics fault, instead the blame lies in the erratic production. The production literally sounds like a train crashing and it's really bad! As I said before i'm a &#34;Madonna purest&#34; and believe she does best on simple dance songs, this song IS a dance song, but the lyrics sound like they could've come straight from her film &#34;I Am Because We Are.&#34; I mean talk about too much going on at once! to make matters worse, Justin Timberlake gets more screen time and it all ends up sounding like an outtake from his last album.<br /><br />Thankfully the rest of the album gets better! Some of the best tracks are the dance songs and Madonna doesn't disappoint there. Aside from the disappointing &#34;4 Minutes&#34; and the horrible (and incorrect) &#34;Spanish Lesson&#34;, the up-tempos are all winners. &#34;Give it 2 me&#34; is a provocative, dance floor scorcher that shouldn't be missed. &#34;Heartbeat&#34; is a great song that reminds me of an unreleased song from Madonna's demo called &#34;Don't You Know.&#34; &#34;She's not me&#34;, &#34;Dance 2night&#34; and the Kanye West collabo &#34;Beat Goes On&#34; are all nice grooves.<br /><br />The ballads on this album are a lot better lyrically, than some of the ballads on her three previous albums. &#34;Devil Wouldn't Recognize You&#34; is probably the best Justin Timberlake collabo Madge has ever done. &#34;Miles Away&#34; is a heartbreaking ode to the long distance relationship with her then husband Guy Ritchie and the albums closer, &#34;Voices&#34; is a haunting and well written piece (this is what &#34;Like it or not&#34; should've sounded like) and I must also mention that I LOVE the clever &#34;Are you walking the dog, or is the dog walking you?&#34; line!<br /><br />In closing I find this album an improvement over the previous one. No, it doesn't break any new ground, But that's part of the reason I like it. It's simply Madonna doing what she does best - making dance music (good dance music at that!) and I cherish it highly! it's Madonna getting back to her roots and mixing dance music with other genres (hip-hop, electro...etc) to create a unique music experience. That being said this is the first album of hers, since &#34;[[ASIN:B000002MUW Bedtime Stories]]&#34; that I don't have any qualms about pulling off my CD rack. Good job Madonna and keep up the great work!lyrically, than some of the ballads on her three previous albums. &#34;Devil Wouldn't Recognize You&#34; is probably the best Justin Timberlake collabo Madge has ever done. &#34;Miles Away&#34; is a heartbreaking ode to the long distance relationship with her then husband Guy Ritchie and the albums closer, &#34;Voices&#34; is a haunting and well written piece (this is what &#34;Like it or not&#34; should've sounded like) and I must also mention that I LOVE the clever &#34;Are you walking the dog, or is the dog walking you?&#34; line!  In closing I find this album an improvement over the previous one. No, it doesn't break any new ground, But that's part of the reason I like it. It's simply Madonna doing what she does best - making dance music (good dance music at that!) and I cherish it highly! it's Madonna getting back to her roots and mixing dance music with other genres (hip-hop, electro...etc) to create a unique music experience. That being said this is the first album of hers, since &#34;[[ASIN:B000002MUW Bedtime Stories]]&#34; that I don't have any qualms about pulling off my CD rack. Good job Madonna and keep up the great work!
B000NQRE0K|5.0|There is a good reason why, fifteen years after its initial release, Braveheart has become a sort of modern classic. The story manages the delicate balance of being both epic and very personal. It is a story of love, revenge, betrayal, and freedom and it explores each of those points in such a way that the viewer cannot help but be transported to early 14th century Scotland and drawn into the the story that is often brutal and also staggeringly beautiful.<br /><br />Mel Gibson brings William Wallace to life with a nuanced performance that will make you forget you watching him and make you believe you are watching William Wallace. He displays the gamut of emotion in a way that makes the viewer hurt when he hurts, feel betrayed when he is betrayed, and feel victory when he is victorious. Gibson also does a fine job of showing the evolution of Wallace from a man fighting for the revenge of a lost love to a man fighting for the freedom of the country and people that he loves.<br /><br />Ultimately, Braveheart endures because at its heart is a story that people can identify with. It is not just a sword and sandals epic with snazzy battle scenes and pretty cinematography, it is a story of love. Men often get a bad rap from women because we tend not to like the \\"love stories\\" that women like (i.e. the dreaded Sandra Bullock RomCom). Well, the truth is, men simply identify more with a story where there is more at stake than choosing an Armani handbag over a date with Fabio. Deep down I think most men hope that if push came to shove and if the families we love and freedoms that we love were threatened, that we too would be willing to cast aside fear of personal harm and do what is necessary to protect those things we hold dear. You see, ladies, Braveheart is a love story that puts any RomCom to shame. Why? Because the stakes are real and ultimately William Wallace dies because of the love he has for his slain wife and his desire and love for/of freedom.<br /><br />I often have a difficult time picking out one movie to call my absolute favorite. After watching Braveheart on Blu-Ray and seeing the incredible power and beauty of the movie again for the first time, I think I can now say that Braveheart is it. Sure other movies might win out on sheer entertainment value, but Braveheart is the perfect mix of story, acting, setting, cinematography, and soundtrack and that is why it is one of the rare modern movies that I believe will stand the test of time to become a true classic.<br /><br />Picture Quality<br /><br />The Blu-Ray of Braveheart is the reason why I started buying HD movies. For a film that was made fifteen years ago, the transfer is virtually pristine. Yeah, there is a little dirt and grain here and there, but it never detracts from the movies and simply reminds you that you are watching a movie that was made before everything started being shot digitally.<br /><br />The Scottish setting of the movie comes alive with incredible clarity. The lush greens and blue skies will have you wishing you too could go run across a Scottish mountain and look down on the distant lochs and valleys.<br /><br />All I can say is if you have a Blu-Ray player, you must own this movie for the picture quality alone. This will quickly become your go to movie when you want to show off your home theater system thanks to the stellar picture quality of this release.<br /><br />Soundtrack<br /><br />Braveheart has arguably the most beautiful and moving soundtrack ever put to a movie. Some of the most poignant scenes of the movie are told without a word from the actors with the soundtrack and facial expressions providing an incredible emotional impact (one of these scenes is the wedding early in the film where the English come to claim the \\"right\\" of Prima Nocta. It is an incredibly gripping scene and not a word can be heard as the soundtrack and facial expressions tell the story better than any words could).<br /><br />I can't really speak to the qualityof the soundtrack since I rip my Blu-Rays to my HTPC and, while I maintain Blu-Ray picture quality in my rips, I don't do it with the sound. This is largely to help save space on my computer and also if I really want to get the full sound experience I would have to upgrade my five year old (and it was low-end when I bought it) surround system and I would probably watch it from the disc anyway.<br /><br />That said, James Horner's soundtrack is a masterpiece and a large part of what makes the movie work. It is perfectly matched to the scenes of the movie and I challenge you not be moved when you hear the soundtrack as a young Murron hands a young William a purple thistle at the burial of his father and brother or during the secret wedding ceremony of William and Murron.<br /><br />Conclusion<br /><br />This Blu-Ray is a must own. Just go buy it. After you buy it, watch it and be inspired by the powerful story of love and freedom that have helped turn Braveheart into a modern classic.ay picture quality in my rips, I don't do it with the sound. This is largely to help save space on my computer and also if I really want to get the full sound experience I would have to upgrade my five year old (and it was low-end when I bought it) surround system and I would probably watch it from the disc anyway.    That said, James Horner's soundtrack is a masterpiece and a large part of what makes the movie work. It is perfectly matched to the scenes of the movie and I challenge you not be moved when you hear the soundtrack as a young Murron hands a young William a purple thistle at the burial of his father and brother or during the secret wedding ceremony of William and Murron.    Conclusion    This Blu-Ray is a must own. Just go buy it. After you buy it, watch it and be inspired by the powerful story of love and freedom that have helped turn Braveheart into a modern classic.
B003JLA4KS|5.0|Saw it in theatrical release on June 10.  Stellar documentary!  Great oral history of the band, lots of old footage (including gig footage with John Rutsey), almost an album-by-album step through their career, etc.  The three band members speak candidly and openly about their formative years and climb to success --- what worked (and why) and what didn't (and why).  Other musicians chime in with stories of how they were introduced to and influenced by Rush's music.  Some of the biggest laughs of the film, and there are many, come from these stories.<br /><br />The DVD and Blu-ray releases will feature additional material not found in the theatrical release, so buying it is a no-brainer.<br /><br />I've seen plenty of band documentaries before, but this one is special because you learn a lot  about the personal dynamics between the band members and you really come to care about them.  Geddy Lee and Alex Lifeson have been mates since high school and their long-standing friendship bond is at the heart of this film.<br /><br />I can't wait to see this again.
B001993Y2C|2.0|Best TV series released this decade, period. Like many others I too was late to this party as I tried to watch it when it originally aired but quickly got behind & lost. A friend loaned me her recordings and I quickly finished all 4 seasons. I enjoyed so much I wanted to own it for myself....    Now in this time where people are exchanging videos on the internet you would think it would be in the distributors best interest to give the consumer a great product to keep them happy. This disc set proves the axiom wrong.    If you haven't seen this series, WATCH IT. But, PLEASE, try to avoid this set; it is slap in the face to the consumer and a tea-bagging to the show's fans. Don't reward this offense.    (5 stars for the show, 0 stars for this disc set)
B00192IV0O|5.0|This is awesome packed with Imma be, Rock your Body, and so much more. Every song you want to listen to on this album
B001974DG0|5.0|Out of the hundreds of books from different authors and storylines, this is by far THE best story I have ever read.  I've read all of Koontz's books and this story was so creative and very well written.  It's so good that I'm downloading it onto my iPad for a book to keep.  Very touching story that makes you think.  A must read.
0375842209|5.0|great book!  came well recommended.  took a little bit to get into and used to, but then hooked!
0312427999|4.0|Klein does a great job exposing corporations that abuse the system. My main contention with Klein is that she mistakes capitalism for corporatism. It's such a shame considering how well written this book is. Regardless, it's a must read for anyone that wants to understand how people are scared into doing things that they wouldn't do otherwise.
B002ZG997M|2.0|\\"Good Cinematography\\"    And now the cons....    Seriously just dreadful film. The plot made no sense; the story arc was...non-existent, the pacing was confusing, the characters were derivative & dull, and did I mention the plot was stupid?  We won't even get started on the 10 pages required to recount the plot holes, inconsistencies, and illogical motivations.    This is the type of movie that you would expect to see boom mics in the shot and 20 year old CGI technology effects...BUT the production value is top quality in this farce of a story.    The final irony is you would expect a stronger pro or con reaction giving the religious nature of the story but even that aspect of this drama is seeping with a dull malaise.    I know it is tempting if you are a apocalypse movie fan but, trust me, this is not worth your time.
B002R0F3Q2|5.0|Alicia Keys keeps getting better each year like fine wine. This cd is loaded with hits. Most cds just have one or two good songs and the rest is garbage. This is one of the few cds I can listen to all the way through.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|I didn't get to see Avatar in the theaters and now I wish I had.  It is a lush and amazing film filled with the latest in technological developments. Also, it has a decent story line. Yes the story line is so linear that you can see it coming like a truck on the highway but it is still an enjoyable ride. The characters are from the cliche handbook but even so this movie is about having fun and should be recognized for that.     I also enjoy the fact that not all the humans are so simplistic and that the battle scenes are so rich and deep that you have doubts as to how it will end, even when you know exactly how it will end.  The technology is the star here so lets face that.  Even saying that, there have been plenty of live action movies where the script and acting have been far, far worse than anything seen here.     Watch this movie and enjoy it.  Remember that is why movies exist!
0385523386|5.0|I am an English teacher, and although I read this book for pleasure, I enjoyed it more than anything I've read this year. It is well written, beautifully paced, and unflinchingly honest. You rock, Piper Kerman! I hope to read more of your work in the coming years.
B001OQCV6A|5.0|This was a great movie. I love Robert Downey, Jr. He uses a mix of comedy and serious acting to bring his character to life.  I would recommend this movie. It is set in the same era as the original Sherlock Holmes movies with just a little update and quirks.
B003M987CY|5.0|I absolutely adore this new cd!! Christina Aguilera's smashing vocals with electro pop beats. This item is a definite must for all Christina fans!!! She is a true legend in music. A true diva like Mariah Carey.In an industry with girls who can't sing such as Britney, Beyonce, Kesha, and Rihanna you go girl!!Christina I love you and this cd can't wait to see you in concert again.
B000OT8GCQ|4.0|I really liked this book. I was everything that your first love makes you feel and all the heartbreak that comes with losing it. By the end of the book I was sobbing uncontrollably. But it was worth each and every tear.
B003FMTZOM|4.0|First of all, I can definitely understand all the negative comments about CA's latest, \\"Bionic.\\" It's not quite the Christina Aguilera that many of her fans (myself included) know and love. Christina favors much vocal tweaking in this outing, which is a little disappointing, since I believe she possessess one of the greatest female voices in all of music.<br /><br />Still, after one listen, I found that I enjoyed this quirky album. The reason for my opinion? The fact that Christina is a constantly evolving animal; she doesn't let fans settle into a groove, and that makes her CD fun. You absolutely never know that kind of Christina (or Xtina or Baby Jane) you're going to get when you pop in a new release. When she first hit the scene, she was another pop princess in the vein of Britney, Jessica, and Mandy. \\"Stripped\\" introduced us to the edgy, highly-sexual, dirrty girl Xtina. \\"Back to Basics\\" gave us old-school crooner Baby Jane. Now with \\"Bionic,\\" we get a new, electrofied combination of everything.<br /><br />Now, many of CA's fans are disappointed with her latest outing, but I give her kudos for constantly shaking her music up, knowing that it very well might cost her some fans. She makes music on her terms, with no apologies given, and that's cool.
B000URDE2Y|5.0|If heavy blues/rock is your love, incomparable melodies and guitar work, amazing vocals, then this is your album.  All the comparisons to Jimmy Hendrix are a joke. Jimmy was great yes, but he could not carry Robin and Jimmy Dewars microphone.  Robin and Jimmy had a style all their own. Robins guitar skills and melodies are unequaled..period. Dewars singing..superior to Hendrix by far. This is a white man singing soulfully better than a black man..sorry Hendrix!  There is not a weak track on this album. The slower ones are in fact some of my faves \\"About to begin\\" leading up to \\"Lady Love\\" is by far and away, the best 1-2 punch in the history of Rock.  Its the melodic quiet before a storm, and then the storm comes. You cannot play this music loud enough. But it's music...not Rap..not garbage..but a beautiful blend of melody, lyrics, soul, guitar work and vocals.  Done
B0039TD7RC|5.0|I haven't purchased this digital remaster, but purchased the original album around 30 years ago.  I have most of the Stones albums/CDs, but quit buying Stones after Some Girls because the Stones pretty much peaked out after that, and their later music just doesn't rock me.  However, I went out and purchased Exile on CD several years ago, and I constantly listen to it.  I mean ... I listen to it about every few months, which is pretty good considering I've had the music for 30 years.  I never get tired of the Stones, especially Exile.  This is really timeless and classic rock-n-roll and never boring.  This is as best as true rock-n-roll can get.  Sticky fingers is probably my second Stone's pick and Get Your Ya Ya's Out is also one of my favorites.  Also, I saw the movie \\"Shine a Light\\" a couple of years back, and have been meaning to get the DVD.  I thought it was an excellent movie and collection of songs, and really good visually capturing the Stones in concert mode.  Stones fan forever!
B001HN694K|4.0|I expected to dislike this movie because weird, quirky, \\"Edward Scissorhands\\" type Johnny Depp movies are not my thing.  But I must say I did like this movie.  It is a Disney film, but isn't like the cartoon \\"Alice in Wonderland\\" really at all.  It also incorporates elements from the book that the original cartoon Disney version omitted.  And then it tells its own version.  Visually it is a beautiful movie.  The sets and computer generated creatures were done fabulously.  I was surprised to find Anne Hathaway in this film, didn't realize she was in it. Acting is very good as well.<br /><br />The tale is of Alice, who has had nightmares about \\"Wonderland\\" since she was a girl.  After taking a minute after certain events in a gazebo, she finds herself falling down the rabbits hole.  The story begins in a similar manner to the cartoon, needless to say.  But once there she finds herself speculation of a prophecy regarding a hero to slay the Jaberwooky.  With assistance from the cheshire cat, the Mad hatter, and the White Queen Alice must determine if she has it in herself to be the hero of the prophecy or if she will agree with other's claims that she is the wrong Alice.
0307454541|3.0|This book was really hard to get into. I'm not normally into mysteries or the usual bestsellers, but I picked this up to see what all the hype was about. The first half of the story was wretchedly slow, full of long, clunky descriptions and backstory. This really wouldn't be so bad if the description had been perfectly worded and the backstory intriguing. Instead, it was full of cliches and unneeded information. I also felt like the characters were flat and undeveloped.<br /><br />My one other complaint about this novel is its portrayal of women. Perhaps its a cultural gap, but nearly every woman that Mikael encounters is sexually promiscuous. And, of course, they all want to have sex with him. And, of course, he casually agrees. So this stuffy, over-the-hill, one-dimensional news journalist is somehow the sex-god of Sweden. Didn't really compute for me.<br /><br />The last half of the story, while still full of awkward, unneeded information, really picked up steam and made the book worth reading. While it took me several days to get through the first half, I finished the second half of the novel in one evening. I think it was the author's intention to really slow-cook this one and immerse the reader into the world of the Vanger family and the larger scope of Swedish industry before hooking them into the mystery. So if you're giving it a try and finding it difficult to stick with, just carry on and trust that it will be worth it in the end.
B0036EH3X4|5.0|All season long the promotions for Lost Season 6 talked about revealing answers. I'll be the first to admit that the marketing didn't match the story of the show. For those entrenched in the mythology of Lost, the origins of the Island, the Dharma Initiative and the \\"numbers\\" you may very well be disappointed in Season 6. However for those focused on the character development and their storylines I firmly believe Season 6 ends up being one of the best. Rumor has it the complete collection (Seasons 1-6) will contain some answers for those people looking for them. Such as Walt's history, the food drops,  and what happens to Hurley and Ben after the final scenes. But for me the show was and is about the characters themselves. And because of that I give Season 6 five stars without hesitation.
B000J103OI|5.0|I thought this movie would be some stupid showey movie but it actually has some morald behind it.
B0030BYWKK|4.0|Midlake's latest efforts, Courage of Others, is predictably understated. It's opener, has an 70's metal goes woodsy thing going, and at first listen, it doesn't work, but after a few more rotations, it starts to make sense; the same goes for the rest of the album.<br /><br />Courage is a mellow record, a 'Sufjan Stevens without the pop-sensibility' sort of album. It's watered down, not quite kitche enough to be baroque, but not ballsy or intricate enough to be Zeppelin's III. It wants to be something, to sound like this or that, but what? That's what you spend the first handful of listens thinking.<br /><br />Unplugged Sunny Day Real Estate covering Alice Cooper. Something like that.<br /><br />Does this album deserve a year-end Top 10 spot? Certainly not! But it's got heart. Lots of it, which are found in the details, monotonous details. Like stomaching Red Badge of Courage as required reading as a child; I knew something about it was admirable but in this realization I was dumbfounded by intricasy, lost in a web of what was trying to be, and in the process I wasn't able to appreciate what was meant to be, the big beautiful picture. That's this album, a big beautiful picture, somewhat distorted and dreary. Let's call it a piece from Picasso's blue period. Sad. overinterpreted, and mistaken as unsatisfactory.
B0019N8P2W|5.0|super fast shipping, not overly wrapped up(less waste) and has the whole series ready to be watched and enjoyed! warning: 90's nostalgia will hit hard!
0525423842|5.0|My son and I got the book from a friend.  My 9-year-old son read it in one day.  He states he \\"loved the depth, the intelligence and how they didn't leave anything out.\\" He also remarks that he liked the cliff-hanger aspect.  He feels this is a good book for \\"mature readers from 9-15.\\"  He defines mature as someone who \\"is not afraid of a murder mystery and is willing to process some legal facts.\\" He feels it's a good choice for readers who liked Percy Jackson, The Red Pyramid and Harry Potter.
0552999652|4.0|If you've seen the movie, you need to read the book now to flesh out the ill-advised, ill-conceived and ill-fated military arrest raid into Mogadishu. If you haven't seen the movie either, watch it, then read this book. Mark Bowden did tons of research in order to piece together the events as they happened on that day. The Rangers and Special Forces (Delta Force) operators involved in that arrest raid and subsequent SHTF firefight experienced combat at a level of intensity and ferocity probably unseen by American foot soldiers since the Tet Offensive or, more likely, the Korean War. Bowden's investigative reporting, collected into one cohesive narrative, brings to mind Cornelius Ryan's work on famous operations of WWII. The overlapping point-of-view of multiple participants in modern battle is similar to [[ASIN:B003TU2IY4 Hell and Gone]] (though this is non-fiction). Why our armed forces were in Somalia is just as valid a question as why our troops are in Iraq now. But this is not a book about policies and politics...it's about men in combat.<br />You also should read [[ASIN:B0002OUQSK The Longest Day: The Classic Epic of D-Day]] (non-fiction).<br /><br />Henry Brown is the author of TEOTWAWKI aviation adventure The Delayed Blitz(Krieg), as well as the military thriller Hell and Gone. He is the columns editor at New Pulp Fiction, and does some blogging of his own at the Two-Fisted Blogger.
B001RCD2DW|5.0|That is what you read when you unfold the flaps on the box...perfect craftmanship, perfect fit. Even impressive while silent. These teutons know elegance and finish.<br />Burn-in? Shlurning! Would you wait to meet your kid after his first steps? This are professional instruments made by REAL experts. Don't pay too much attention to deluded tweakos who claim hearing things that exist only in la la land. Hi-end manufacturers do not contradict these guys because they are free advertisement. Just play a PERFECT RECORDING you know and love, raise the volume in very small increments untill bass is just noticeable and pay attention to detail...after about three minutes ramp up very carefully again...you will hear everything better than before even at an unbelievably low volume...by the middle of the record, delighted at every step, the illusion of pressece will surpass what most speakers can deliver perfectly positioned in a perfect room. You should be amazed at the clarity and impact you get at very reasonable and safe sound pressure levels in less than an hour if, and only if, you have taken excellent care of your sense of hearing and have just above average quality gear, outrageously expensive a generation ago, cheap today for people like you, who do their homework before significant purchases.<br /> Consider a good (snobs say \\"entry level\\")headphone amplifier if you want a noticeable improvement from a really cheap or tired reciever, better left to graze on TV land. Some preamps and integrateds have perfectly capable hedphone output with volume control. There seems to be an inminent surge in disc players with this most welcome feature, the iPod kids are musically graduating to mom & pop's classics on CD and even vynil. Wait and see. For now, get this cans, an insane bargain.
B0015DROBO|5.0|Look out! This book will keep you on the \\"edge of your seat\\" long enough to order the next two books.  I miss the characters already and it is a great loss to thriller/fiction fans to lose the talent of such a fine author. After the three books, there will be no more. What a shame.
B002ZG997M|1.0|How many people here ever buy a program for their computer and also have to pay for the same program on 3.5\\" floppy disk bundled with it? Thats right no one has it makes no sense.. Amazon staff; please stop selling blu-rays bundled with dvd's. The blu-ray only version is no where to be found on your site. When people give me gifts with the dvd bundled with it guess what happens? I throw the dvd in the garbage. What a waste of resources and money..
B001MVYUPC|5.0|This classic film is picture perfect in glorious Blu-Ray. Colors dance and the images are sharp. For anyone even remotely interested in the fascinating life of Gandhi this movie is a must have. Ben Kingsly did a remarkable job portraying Gandhi and dissolves himself into the character. This true story of one of the most remarkable men to ever walk the earth remains as poignant today as it did when it first was released. Do yourself a favor and add this classic to your dvd library now.
1439153663|5.0|This is one of the most enjoyable reads I've had in a long while despite the subject matter.  The story is gripping, the characters richly developed, and the writing flows beautifully.    Ms. Grissom certainly did her research on the period.    The only negative is that it's one of those books you hate to finish, and I haven't been able to find anything to read since that has gripped me the same way.  Highly recommended.
1934429376|5.0|I have vague memories of my science book back in the 1970s and I think Harper illustrated it.  I know he did the \\"Golden Book of Biology.\\"  I LOVE Harper's art.  It is so whimsical.  This is a great book for kids and adults.
B000I9WWCM|5.0|It's 2010 and I've finally watched NH and now know what all the fuss was about. This is such a sweet, sweet film. Although I'm not a Roberts fan, (I got it because of Hugh Grant,) Julia did a wonderful job showing the bittersweet side of being a celebrity; that's she's just a girl, and he's just a boy. And that is truly what life is all about when it comes down to it. It reminds us of what is important. True friends and family ~ if you are lucky to have them, cherish them. Hugh Grant as always is a wonderful actor who can do so much with no words at all.
1935251740|1.0|From the outset it is clear that Robert Lanza does not understand much of the scientific studies and principals that he claims to support his theory. Furthermore he skews the view of modern physics by claiming that it is caught up in unprovable theories and fantasies and even compares it to religion. He takes shots at attempts at unifying theories like string theory for example, he rants about how theories of extra dimensions are unprovable, which by the way, is untrue. The book is filled with factual errors, wild assumptions and leaps of logic from his examples of established scientific principles to his unrelated and outlandish theories. I recommend  to anyone thinking about reading this book to first read Brian Greenes \\"Fabric of the Cosmos\\". Had i not read it first perhaps i too would have been impressed by Robert Lanzas seemingly authoritative take on the universe. Furthermore much of the book is comprised of long diatribes of Lanzas childhood that really have nothing to do with his theory. Also the principles of Biocentrism are redundant and erroneous. A good example of how meagre lanzas understanding of physics is, is how he asserts that space is not a physical entity but a mathematical construct used to describe the actions of objects relative to each other. This Machian view has been disproved with the creation of Einsteins general relativity and quantum physics. Another is how he grossly exaggerates the effect of probability waves on the macroscopic scale. The probability waves of the particles that make up any object above the quantum scale are so minuscule that they do not have the slightest effect on the structure of an object between being observed and unobserved. I find it actually quite sickening that such a book could be published without proper fact checking, as if it is read by someone without prior knowledge of physics then it could be quite convincing.
B001FB5634|2.0|I gave this DVD two stars only because the movie makers were faithful to the book (not good) which shows respect to the author no matter how ridiculous the material is. Other than that, the film is photographed with so many filters that it is hard to see and the sound is terrible so in order to know what characters are saying you have to turn on the captions or crank the TV up. The one thing that comes through unfortunately is the word \\"Papa\\" repeated so much by the boy \\"actor\\" that it gets skin-crawling to see his mouth open. The story moves at such a slow, boring rate with long pauses and pointless stops in the narrative that you want to hit the fast forward button. This movie is not entertainment unless you like relentless bleakness and/or cannibals. There is no point to the story. The author in the book and the movie makers never tell you what happened to the world so it can't be a warning to mankind to take care of the Earth or for mankind to beware of natural disasters. So after squinting at the muddy film and straining to hear each word and enduring countless \\"Papa\\"s you are left with nothing. Is it a film about the love of a father for a son? Hardly a revelation if so. Some people would call this art since you can make your own judgment what this thing is about. I just call it a waste of time and money as it screams \\"I am making this film vague, figure it out your own damn self\\". No matter what conclusion you come to, it really turns out to be pretty mundane and unenlightening. A real stinker.
B0039TD7PY|5.0|Great audio / video package! Two of my favorite performers together. It doesn't get any better than this ... and at a great price too!
B003P8BB5W|5.0|The Eclipse soundtrack has a wide variety of music and a lot of it!  There are clearly some standout songs on here (Let's Get Lost).  It is neck and neck with the Twilight soundtrack in my book right now, but after another week or two of listening to it, and then putting it together with scenes from the movie - it will probably be my favorite of all three soundtracks.  I don't even hesitate to give it five stars.
B0031RAOVY|5.0|First it was Seabiscuit, then it was Marley and Me. Now a recent movie about the bonds of love and loyalty between an owner and his dog had me balling my eyes out during most of the movie. I never, ever cry during a movie, but with this one I was a mess. Hachiko: A Dog's Tale (2009) went straight to DVD, and for the life of me, I can't understand why. If Hachiko had made it into the theaters, it surely would have won a few awards. This movie has to be one of the best adaptations of a true life story I have ever watched.<br /><br />Hachiko is based on an Akita Inu dog named Hachiko, who was owned by a professor of agriculture at the University of Tokyo in 1924 and how Hachiko would wait for him to come home from the train station even after his master died.<br /><br />Hachiko: A Dog's Story is told in near perfection. Hachi arrives all the way from Japan as a puppy to the United States, but is lost and found walking around the train station by Parker Wilson, played by Richard Gere. Parker takes the puppy home until he can find the owner. His wife Cate, played by Joan Allen, is not pleased. But after a few days, the little Hachi brings laughs and joy into their household. Parker tries to teach Hachi to play fetch, but Hachi refuses, because Parker's associate, Ken (Cary-Hiruki Tagawa) explains how Hachi is a proud and regal dog. He goes on to say how the bond between Parker and Hachi will never be broken.<br /><br />Months go by, and before Hachi turns one, he has a new trick. He has figured out how to go back and forth to the train station as Parker goes into work everyday. For the next year, Hachi escorts Parker to the train station, then at 4:55pm, he is there waiting for Parker to come home. Carl, the ticket booth conductor, played by Jason Alexander, is not amused, but most of the commuters, as well as the hot dog vendor and bookstore owner across the street from the station think it's delightful.<br /><br />And then one day, Parker doesn't return home. And Hachi waits and waits for his master everyday at 4:55pm for the next ten years to be reunited with him. Years go by, through snow, rain and wind, Hachi waits for Parker until that moment when they will be reunited.<br /><br />I sobbed liked a baby to the point where I had a massive headache through most of Hachiko. Talk about a heartbreaking and moving experience, especially since it is all true. Richard Gere, as Parker, plays a wonderful and a loving husband, father and dog owner. The love and bond shown between Parker and Hachi lasts forever and regardless if you are a pet owner or don't really care for animals, this movie will break your heart.<br /><br />Hachiko is the best family entertainment out there and will make your heart swell. This is the perfect example about how the power of love can last, even in death. There haven't been many movies in recent years that had such a profound effect on me. Hachiko certainly did and one I whole heartedly recommend you watch as soon as you can. I really can't find anything wrong about this movie. You may also want to have a box of tissues handy, because while you watch and for hours after, you will cry your eyes out.<br /><br />*The legend of Hachiko lives on. His remains are kept at the National Science Museum of Japan in Ueno, Tokyo. In April 1934, a bronze statue in his likeness was erected at Shibuya Station. The statue still stands there to this day.*<br /><br />Katiebabseveryday at 4:55pm for the next ten years to be reunited with him. Years go by, through snow, rain and wind, Hachi waits for Parker until that moment when they will be reunited.    I sobbed liked a baby to the point where I had a massive headache through most of Hachiko. Talk about a heartbreaking and moving experience, especially since it is all true. Richard Gere, as Parker, plays a wonderful and a loving husband, father and dog owner. The love and bond shown between Parker and Hachi lasts forever and regardless if you are a pet owner or don't really care for animals, this movie will break your heart.    Hachiko is the best family entertainment out there and will make your heart swell. This is the perfect example about how the power of love can last, even in death. There haven't been many movies in recent years that had such a profound effect on me. Hachiko certainly did and one I whole heartedly recommend you watch as soon as you can. I really can't find anything wrong about this movie. You may also want to have a box of tissues handy, because while you watch and for hours after, you will cry your eyes out.    *The legend of Hachiko lives on. His remains are kept at the National Science Museum of Japan in Ueno, Tokyo. In April 1934, a bronze statue in his likeness was erected at Shibuya Station. The statue still stands there to this day.*    Katiebabs
B002VECM4A|5.0|this movie was amazing most people will find some part of this movie in them i started hating monique just from her role she play it so well it will have you comming back to watch this movie its great buy it!!!!
B002UNMW7O|2.0|There are some sequels that rehash the original and then there are other sequels that diverge greatly from the original. This one diverges greatly from the first movie and for some reason they took this sequel is the wrong direction, making it a joke of the original and really hard to watch.  Having enjoyed the original immensely, this sequel does the original an injustice.  If you liked Boondock Saints, steer clear of this one and just hope there is third movie which redeems this one.
B0000793Z9|3.0|Back in the day I was a Simple Minds fan. I saw them numerous times in small and medium-sized venues in Glasgow. So I listened to this album a hell of a lot when it first came out. Since then, I've recognized what I sort of knew at the time - that this album wasn't as good as the three that went before it. It has not aged well. Synth-heavy and slow, it wallows in pretentiousness where the earlier albums - especially 'Empires and Dance' - hit you with as much energy and speed as a welterweight boxer.
0307454541|3.0|Grab a cup of coffee (like the characters in the book so often do) and get ready for a thrilling and often disturbing mystery. My mother-in-law bought me the book and recommended it highly - therefore, I was shocked at some of the book's graphic, grisly scenes of sex and violence. Nevertheless, I had to keep reading because I was soon hooked. The mystery is set in Sweden and involves an extremely dysfunctional industrialist family, the Vangers, and the disappearance long ago of a family member, the 16-year-old Harriet. I had to refer frequently to a family tree in the front of the book to keep them all straight. A disgraced journalist, Blomkvist, is brought on board by the senior Vanger to solve the mystery. He enlists the aid of Lisbeth, \\"the girl with the dragon tattoo\\", a 20-something, emotionally disturbed yet brilliant investigator. Together they begin to unravel the mystery. Numerous times as I was reading, I thought I had figured it out (which is the fun part of reading a mystery), but I was wrong. I won't give anything more away.<br /><br />And now a bit of a critique: The writing isn't anything special, but the storytelling is compelling. I never did understand the reluctance of characters in the story to call the police, but I guess that would have shortened the story. The story ostensibly is highlighting violence against women in Sweden, but sometimes it all seemed a bit gratuitous. The main characters, Blomkvist and Lisbeth, are not particularly believable though Lisbeth, at least, differs from typical investigator characters. The book was good enough for me to consider reading the next two books in the trilogy. I'll have to check out some reviews...
B0017JKEL8|5.0|This is by far the best show I've seen in years!  Perhaps ever!  I've watched the entire series so far, by perhaps, \\"less than scrupulous means\\" some might say, but it's such a great show, I had to show my support and purchased all available seasons on Blu-ray.  It's definitely worth every penny, and I encourage anyone who appreciates good entertainment to certainly check this show out!
0307269760|2.0|I have always enjoyed Munro's work and was completely disappointed in this one. The stories seem overwritten, too long, and pointless. I must confess I did not enjoy nor gain anything from a single one, and I was so looking forward to reading this book. Maybe it's time for her to take a break and recharge before tackling another project.
1594202249|4.0|Fast-paced, readable, entertaining, even poignant: this satisfies even if by Pynchon's past work it's almost pulp fiction. On the cusp of the '70s, the hangover from the Manson murders throbs over L.A. It's like a yard at San Quentin, full of cons on the make, and the newcomer or innocent treads, or drives, cautiously.<br /><br />There's a sadness beneath the satire of a detective novel. The mystery, typically for this author, deepens. Late on, a real estate developer boasts that there's an \\"inexhaustible supply\\" of suckers, those who will sign on to be on the take in a desolate, bleached Southern California sprawl where every raw arrival or cynical native wants in on the scam. There's an arrested development culturally: surf tunes pepper the prose. And intellectually, few in these pages appear to have read anything. Unlike other Pynchon plots, this moves nearly free of literary allusion or historical complexity, as if L.A. lives up to its stereotype arrogantly.<br /><br />I liked this. The Lemurian tangents seemed off-base even for Pynchon, and I thought the ramblings could have been tightened. However, the story moves efficiently and far more rapidly than most Pynchon predecessors-- which I also admire (see my review recently of \\"Against the Day\\"), but for first-time readers, perhaps this novel might be recommended for its accessibility. It's far easier. Tonally, it's casual and easygoing, and seems a homage more than a parody of the gumshoe genre.<br /><br />The title comes from an insurance phrase, a deep weakness that cannot be extricated from the larger chaos. Foreboding shrouds this setting like the fog along Gordita Beach in the South Bay, where Doc lives when not pursuing the mysteries all the way to Ojai and over to Las Vegas. He struggles to remain in the place, the moment, even as the era rapidly diminishes into nostalgia, barely a blink after the Summers of Love. Within the countercultural dawning of the Age of Aquarius, perhaps a bit of idealism remains, \\"this little parenthesis of light\\" left by the hippie dream before Manson. Many tried to escape the \\"great collective trap\\" of U.S. conformity, but the Feds and cops and developers and cults and criminals, it seems, have called in whatever they're owed by those who tried to change the world. The revolution seemed \\"pre-doomed.\\"<br /><br />The novel ends with a marvelous scene. Amidst the fog on the freeway, Doc drives off into the mystery that surrounds him. The cars trail each other at a safe distance, shepherding the driver before and after, and all, for at least one saving moment, look out for the other guy, all reduced to the same lights shadowed by the all-encompassing gloom.esis of light\\" left by the hippie dream before Manson. Many tried to escape the \\"great collective trap\\" of U.S. conformity, but the Feds and cops and developers and cults and criminals, it seems, have called in whatever they're owed by those who tried to change the world. The revolution seemed \\"pre-doomed.\\"    The novel ends with a marvelous scene. Amidst the fog on the freeway, Doc drives off into the mystery that surrounds him. The cars trail each other at a safe distance, shepherding the driver before and after, and all, for at least one saving moment, look out for the other guy, all reduced to the same lights shadowed by the all-encompassing gloom.
0385504225|1.0|When I finaly managed to finish this pretentious, overblown so-called book, I was furious. There is no book, Mr. Brown, without characters and relationships. The author pontificates relentlessly and flaunts his 5-year long research, and all he accomplishes is this glossy ad-campaign for Freemasonry. Clandestine organization with morbid, necrophiliac rituals, that infiltrates the top echalons of money and power was represented like a benevolent needlepoint club.  And how about the super-hero villain with tatoos. Real danger lies in people like Karl Rove, not in exibitionist, please stare at me, goofballs.   Hopefully Dan Brown made enough money. Its time for a new passtime. Boookwriting isn't working out.
0452289963|5.0|I've read many many 'spiritual' books and none is as clear, profound, transformational and relevant as this one.<br />I now truly understand spiritual concepts that had remained only 'interesting' for me.  Like Anthony de Mello's The Way to Love, this book shows how to know your thoughts, attatchments and your ego, but is goes beyond... it integrates world spirituality with other fields in an amazing way.<br />This is THE book I had been looking for for years. I recommend it to everyone who wants to live in Peace. If we all put it into practice we would create 'A New Earth', a conscious one where Peace could reign[[ASIN:0452289963 A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life's Purpose.  [[ASIN:B000PC0S5K A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life's Purpose]][[ASIN:0452296080 Oneness With All Life: Inspirational Selections from A New Earth]].  Thank you Eckhart Tolle.
0345350472|4.0|Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep? is a classic post-apocalyptic thriller. It was the vague (from what I hear) basis for the movie Blade Runner that I did see, but don't remember one scene from. Obviously the book is much more memorable.<br /><br />Rick Deckard is a bounty hunter, paid to kill androids that are living illegally on Earth. This is more difficult that you'd expect since the only real difference between androids and humans is the ability to feel empathy. As you fake an empathetic response to situations, he employs a strange lie detector type test to spot the androids. This works well for him until a woman beats the test. Or does she? This uncertainty sets of a chain-reaction of doubt in Deckard that follows him throughout his hunt for the remaining androids.<br /><br />Mercerism is the official (and as far as I could tell only) religion on earth. It is a shared empathy-based religion where followers can \\"commune\\" with their god Wilbur Mercer through a tool called an empathy box. Another part of the religion is the owning of animals. As most animals are extinct, real animals are very expensive. Some people resort to owning fake electric animals and pretend their animals are real so others don't think bad of them, hence the \\"Electric Sheep\\" in the title. Empathy is a huge issue in this book and once Deckard finds that he feels empathy for androids his entire world is shaken.<br /><br />Mood organs are owned and used to regulate a person's mood. Any mood (out of hundred of possibilities) can be chosen for each specific occasion in life. There are also hovercars, a classic futuristic staple. This book is truly and completely science fiction oriented.<br /><br />Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep? is bizarre, but in an entertaining, unexpected way. You don't see the plot twists coming because you don't know what this future Earth has to offer. You could go as far as to suggest that a lot of the moral and ethical dilemmas presented here are social commentary on the world around us, but the book is thought-provoking enough without reading anything more into the situations.he book is thought-provoking enough without reading anything more into the situations.
0545123275|4.0|I picked this book up and put it down several times before finally deciding to give it a try.  I'm glad I did.  It was a nice change from the YA paranormal romances now flooding the market.  First of all the girl, Grace, wasn't the cookie cutter klutzy, damsel in distress, moron that has gotten so popular lately.  In fact, in many ways she was much stronger than Sam (the shaggy boyfriend).  And Sam wasn't the cookie cutter stalkerish, super-confident rich hot guy with the cool car that has also been done to death lately.  Sam was, let's face it, a little emo. And he needed rescuing far more than Grace did. He was very sweet and appealing.    Good supporting cast too - except Rachel who luckily appeared only briefy.  Isabel was very funny.    The parents never ever being home was a bit of an eye-roller (why not just send them to Europe or something).  All in all Shiver was a great (and quick) read.
0307454541|4.0|Liked this book so much (first buy on Kindle!), that I wound up reading (and buying) the last two in the trilogy!<br /><br />The first 50 +/- pages are a bit of push, but once you get the background of the story, Mr. Larsson pulls you into his world.  It's unfortunate the author died it 2004 - he was clearly very talented.<br /><br />Kindle Note: I bookmarked the family tree for easy reference.  I found this helpful to keep track of the geneology!<br /><br />-JRG
0307394549|4.0|I love this book, and the cookies are very good, although often I produce a different quantity than the authors suggest.  I guess I am spoiled by Carole Walter's cookie book--when she says the recipe will make 36 cookies, that's exactly how many it makes.  Carole Walter also offers helpful information, such as whether the cookies travel well, are temperature sensitive, and whether you can freeze them.  One thing I don't like about Martha Stewart's book is that the instructions often say to use a 2\\" (or other measurement) sized scoop.  Not many home bakers have a set of graduated scoops.  It would be nice to at least say, \\"or 1/4 cup\\".  (I have the same problem with the cupcake book.  When you go to the frosting section, the instructions say, \\"Makes 5 cups of frosting.\\"  That doesn't help me.  I like books that say, \\"Enough to frost 24 cupcakes.\\" )     Other than that, the cookies are beautiful, they all sound enticing, and the ones I have made so far have been excellent.
030745455X|5.0|I'm giving this 5/5 while I gave \\"dragon tattoo\\" only 4/5.  Hmmmm... perhaps I'm already familiar and vested in the characters that I gave that extra star.  I particularly love the \\"oh!\\" moment when we learn about Zalachenko's... well... I won't ruin it.<br /><br />Needless to say, I bought this volume before I finished the \\"dragon tattoo\\", so I clearly recommend these books.  I'm 1/2 through book 3 now in fact!
B0031YJFCQ|5.0|Read it and loved it as much as the other 2 books.  My only regret is that there won't be more from Herr Larsson.  Lisbeth Salander i an amazing and unique character who deserves to have more adventures.
1597801585|5.0|This novel is set in the future in Thailand which is very proud of its independence and trying hard to remain so.  This is a world where calories are far more important than currency and big businesses rule.  There is no more oil in this world; therefore, everything is powered by high-tension crank generators.  There are no more cars or airplanes everything must cross the oceans by ships.  There are megodonts, huge versions of elephants, who work the machines at the kink-spring factories.  More unusual than this are New People, built and manufactured in Japan, they are not quite human but engineered to look and act human except for their strange stuttering movements which is why Emiko is called the Windup Girl.  Some people think they don't have souls, others see them as evil, and they are generally treated poorly by the Thai people. Emiko is working as a bar girl when the story opens. She is engineered to please but something inside her is causing her small rebellions.<br /><br />Then there are the Americans who are there running their mega companies and seeking out new calories.  The main one in this story is Anderson Lake who begins to have feelings for Emiko and helps her out.  There are the Chinese refugees who are treated nearly as badly as the wind-ups.  The main one of the Chinese refugees is Tan Hock Seng who works for Anderson Lake.  Finally as main characters go there are the \\"white shirts\\", Jaidee and Kanya, ecological police who try to keep out foreign pathogens and biomaterial.  Jaidee is called the \\"Tiger\\" by the Thai people, they see him as a hero, and sometimes he is but at other times he is a bully and a thug.  He is definitely racist and prejudiced towards anyone who is not Thai.<br /><br />There is nothing upbeat about this novel, so if you're looking for a feel good book, look elsewhere.  But having said that this book is interesting and riveting and will keep you coming back to find out what is going to happen next.  It takes you into an unknown world and opens your eyes to future possibilities.  It is a good read and well written.ns your eyes to future possibilities.  It is a good read and well written.
B003E8AF5U|4.0|I wasn't a big fan of Flash Delirium when I first heard it, but damn...did it work its way in. This is a fantastic record that I've listened to many many times already. There's a little Roxy Music in there, a little Pink Floyd, a little Jackson 5. There's some well spent production money on this. It sounds great and the song writing is more advanced than oracular spectacular. Of all the Major \\"indie\\" bands to release stuff this year, this is definitely the most solid one out there. dope!
B003JSSPSY|5.0|By chance I started watching this show when it started on Sci Fi UK. I had never heard of it before, I stumbled upon a trailer by chance, so decided to record it every week.    WOW!! That is all I can say...The show gets even better in season two with the introduction of Cara and for me, its the best sci fi/fantasy show since Buffy/Angel.The effects,the characterisation, the fight scenes..it just first class entertainment from start to finish.    Im praying to the gods above that ABC reconsider and produce a third series, promote it properly and show it at a reasonable timeslot and I can GUARANTEE that ratings will skyrocket!! I cant express how much I love this show and how quickly I fell in love with it. PLEASE GIVE US A THIRD SERIES!!!!!!
B002L5GQGY|5.0|Joe Bonamassa is a great guitarist, up there with the masters. This concert was very well done and has a great number of Further On Up The Road with Eric Clapton.  They looked like they had a blast and the crowd seemed to really love it. I've seen Joe in concert in Austin, TX and recommend anyone that cares for the blues  to see him live at their first opportunity.
B000053VBL|5.0|I'm glad I'm not the only person who, while watching `Le Mariee Etait en Noir', thought of `Kill Bill'.  I mean, there are obvious comparisons to be made, and it is certainly respectable that Tarantino would be influenced by someone as marvelously influential as Francois Truffaut.  Personally, I adore him.  `Jules et Jim' is my favorite movie of all time, and a few of Truffaut's other films are not far behind.  While I don't think he's quite as great as Jean-Luc Godard (a cinematic obsession of mine), but I am not one of those who thinks you have to pick a side (cough*FriedrichNietzsche*cough).<br /><br />`La Mariee Etait en Noir' tells the story of a woman scorned.  That woman is Julie Kohler, a woman who spent her whole life loving one man only to have him shot and killed on the day of their wedding.  She has spent her years since tracking down the men responsible and delivering the same fate they offered her husband.<br /><br />What is so intriguing about this film is that, when all is said and done, the revelation behind the killing is not what we would have expected; not at all.  I think that this clever twist is perfectly used here, for it delivers conflicting emotions to the audience.  I don't want to uncover the twist, because for me it was the most profound part of the film, but I will say that it causes you to question your side of the battle so-to-speak.<br /><br />The Hitchcock influence is all over this film.  What I love about it though, is that it understood how to make it fresh and new.  This doesn't feel like Hitchcock-lite, or like a deliberate copycat.  This isn't mimicry as much as homage.  Truffaut still makes this very much is own film, allowing the jovial French cinematic atmosphere to lend its own set of layers to this thriller.  You can also thank the beautifully talented Jeanne Moreau for delivering an outstanding performance.  She captures the coldness that chips away to reveal true emotional duress, especially when she learns the truth.  I also love the way you can see her playing the part.  She plays the reserved flirt rather well, using her sensuality to attack, but always keeping that prickly demeanor that almost enticing the audience all the more.<br /><br />The film, and especially the calculated murders, are not really meant to be taken too seriously.  This is a thriller, but it is more about the psychological effect the situation is having on Julie.  As with the best of Hitchcock, `Le Mariee Etait en Noir' is most appreciated when one takes the time to dig a little deeper.can see her playing the part.  She plays the reserved flirt rather well, using her sensuality to attack, but always keeping that prickly demeanor that almost enticing the audience all the more.    The film, and especially the calculated murders, are not really meant to be taken too seriously.  This is a thriller, but it is more about the psychological effect the situation is having on Julie.  As with the best of Hitchcock, `Le Mariee Etait en Noir' is most appreciated when one takes the time to dig a little deeper.
B001HN694K|5.0|Visually stimulating, great soundtrack, and an amazing interpretation of the original.  Tim Burton never fails!
B003FMTZOM|4.0|Ok, so I'll start by addressing the obvious `Gaga' comparison here.  I don't think that's all too fair.  If you want to compare her to any artist currently making an impact in music, then M.I.A. or Santigold would be better comparisons.  Sure, there is some Gaga here, especially on her first single; but tracks like `Bionic' and `Elastic Love' scream a little more ambitiousness.  That said, Christina claiming that she has been doing this for years and isn't copying anyone is a little preposterous.  Christina has never released anything like this in her career.  This is the in thing at the moment, and so there is no problem with her delving into it, but don't try and pretend like you are a pioneer in this genre.<br /><br />Still, it sits rather nicely on her.<br /><br />`Bionic' is a solid album.  It is no different than any of Christina's other offerings as far as quality.  There are some ridiculously great songs here and a few filler pieces.  She continually releases solid albums, but she has yet to fully deliver a brilliant `track for track' album.  There are always a few of those `filler' tracks.<br /><br />Maybe she should think about shortening her track lists.<br /><br />So the album opens with the explosive `Bionic', which lets you know right out the box that Christina is going to giving you something very different than her usual fare.  One thing I must say about Christina is that she, much like Madonna before her, shows versatility in her music, and the fact that she can color her genre with music that is in complete contrast of anything she's already done is highly commendable.  `Bionic' is a nice opening track.  It is very industrial, and she does sound like a robot in many parts of the song (the idea, I'm sure).  The best example of Christina's new direction is `Elastic Love'.  That track just kills.  I love Santigold, and this song really screams her influence.  The musical arrangement is engaging and Christina's vocals are compelling.  I love the robotic monotone, and the chorus calls to mind Depeche Mode.  I love her influences here.<br /><br />`Woohoo' is trashy fun, as apposed to `Desnudate', which is trashy bland.  In fact, I kind of all sorts of love the vulgarities in `Woohoo'.  Christina has always tried to push her own boundaries, and this is another example of that.  I also kind of love Nicki Minaj, and she graces this track with her energetic rhyming.  `Desnudate' lacks any of the fun here.  I had high hopes for it, but the chorus is just horribly bad, and blandly obnoxious.  I will say that Christina's vocals on the verses are stunning.  I just wish that there was more to this song.<br /><br />Now, you could say that songs like `Vanity' and `I Hate Boys' are influenced by Lady Gaga, and I'd be willing to accept that.  They do have the same structure as her tracks, but like I said, this is a popular genre twist as of late and so you can't really find fault with an accomplished artist like Aguilera trying her hand at it as well.<br /><br />`Not Myself Tonight' is a fun single, and like Justin Timberlake, Mrs. Aguilera has decided to spice up her image with strategically placed F-bombs.  This song is far from as successful a transition as `SexyBack' was, but it works.  It does seem a little obvious and trashy and clich&eacute;d, but the beat is infectious, and Christina can sell nearly anything.  `Prima Donna' works better as a whole.  Christina is obviously comfortable here.  This sounds much more like something she would have released on `Stripped', and it rests very nicely on her.  `Vanity' is completely self-centered and arrogant, kind of like Lady Gaga's music, and it is a lot of fun.  I actually love the whole \\"never mind I am\\" parts in this song.<br /><br />Infectious and quotable!<br /><br />Songs like `My Girls' (which feels like a hybrid of Sheryl Crow, Bon Jovi and Lady Gaga) and `I Hate Boys' are fun.  `My Girls' has enough originality to make it stand out, while `I Hate Boys' tends to feel a tad too familiar.  It is a lazy track.  Sure, it's fun but it just isn't noteworthy (except for that `all too short' bridge).<br /><br />`Glam' is just awful; a surefire Madonna homage that just doesn't really work.<br /><br />The slinky `Sex for Breakfast' may not be all that inventive, and this same concept has been explored better by other divas (Mariah Carey's `Babydoll' comes instantly to mind), but this is still an infectious song.<br /><br />And then we have some of the best tracks on the album; Christina's ballads.  Despite her new direction, Aguilera shines the brightest when she's doing what she does best; hitting Mariah Carey notes and stirring our heartstrings.  She does just that on tracks like `Lift Me Up', a beautiful song that calls to mind Corinne Bailey Rae.  `I Am' may be my favorite track on the album; sincere and earnest and beautifully controlled.  `You Lost Me' is sure to be a standout track for nearly everyone who listens to this album.  Much like `Beautiful' or `Walk Away', this song is poignant, moving and just has the ability to sink deep inside your soul.  `All I Need' is another stunning track.  Understanding the meaning behind these words is also very, very emotional.  I think for any parent, these words are going to invest themselves in your heart.  I also love the playfulness of the musical arrangement, and Christina's vocal work.  It adds a layer of admiration for youth.<br /><br />For me, the intro's splattered throughout the album are all unnesisary, but whatever.  Overall this is a solid album.  I don't understand all the negativity surrounding this album.  It is fun, engaging, memorable and entertaining from start to finish.  Sure, she has a few missteps, but nothing unforgivable.  I can't wait to see what she delivers next.<br /><br />If you are interested, here is my personal track ranking:<br /><br />1) I Am<br />2) You Lost Me<br />3) Elastic Love<br />4) Lift Me Up<br />5) Woohoo<br />6) All I Need<br />7) Bionic<br />8) Prima Donna<br />9) Vanity<br />10) My Girls<br />11) Not Myself Tonight<br />12) Sex for Breakfast<br />13) Desnudate<br />14) I Hate Boys<br />15) Glamnoteworthy (except for that `all too short' bridge).    `Glam' is just awful; a surefire Madonna homage that just doesn't really work.    The slinky `Sex for Breakfast' may not be all that inventive, and this same concept has been explored better by other divas (Mariah Carey's `Babydoll' comes instantly to mind), but this is still an infectious song.    And then we have some of the best tracks on the album; Christina's ballads.  Despite her new direction, Aguilera shines the brightest when she's doing what she does best; hitting Mariah Carey notes and stirring our heartstrings.  She does just that on tracks like `Lift Me Up', a beautiful song that calls to mind Corinne Bailey Rae.  `I Am' may be my favorite track on the album; sincere and earnest and beautifully controlled.  `You Lost Me' is sure to be a standout track for nearly everyone who listens to this album.  Much like `Beautiful' or `Walk Away', this song is poignant, moving and just has the ability to sink deep inside your soul.  `All I Need' is another stunning track.  Understanding the meaning behind these words is also very, very emotional.  I think for any parent, these words are going to invest themselves in your heart.  I also love the playfulness of the musical arrangement, and Christina's vocal work.  It adds a layer of admiration for youth.    For me, the intro's splattered throughout the album are all unnesisary, but whatever.  Overall this is a solid album.  I don't understand all the negativity surrounding this album.  It is fun, engaging, memorable and entertaining from start to finish.  Sure, she has a few missteps, but nothing unforgivable.  I can't wait to see what she delivers next.    If you are interested, here is my personal track ranking:    1) I Am  2) You Lost Me  3) Elastic Love  4) Lift Me Up  5) Woohoo  6) All I Need  7) Bionic  8) Prima Donna  9) Vanity  10) My Girls  11) Not Myself Tonight  12) Sex for Breakfast  13) Desnudate  14) I Hate Boys  15) Glam
B0000067L2|2.0|Maybe I just didn't get it, but this album definitely doesn't fall into my \\"Classic album\\" category.  The drums are hard panned to the left in every song, and sound like suitcases comprised most of the kit.  The guitar is pretty bluesy with some psychedelic flavor, but I didn't find any of the playing revolutionary.  The lyrics are beyond bad and are cheesy and unmeaningful.  The whole thing just sounds muddy, like a train wreck of styles. I hate to say it, but this album just didn't stand the test of time.  Supposedly this is remastered, so I can only imagine how terrible an original would sound.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|This was an awesome adventure! One of the best movies ever! I would and do reccomdend that you see this one at least once. It is NOT filled with bloody violence, or 'R' rated material of any sort. It is entertainment at it's finest.  I hope that Hollywood gets the \\"hint\\" and starts making more of these types of movies.  Rather than the horror, gruesome, demonic, violent & sexual movies that have been forthcoming from that venue.  I for one, simply enjoyed the mystic, the possibilities of finding new subjects to explore, and new dimentions to illuminate.  Avatar is truly a classic. One I hope will have a sequel!
038533348X|5.0|nobody does wierd and absurd quite as well as Mr. Vonnegut.  In Cats Cradel he juggles midgets weapons of mass destruction and hoosiers.  Now ive never been in Indiana but apparently its a big deal. the only other author i can compare him to is chuck palahniuk.  but really Vonneguts style is all his own.    and if you enjoyed any of Vonneguts works you will probably enjoy this one, because its one of his most absurd.
0061186473|4.0|This is a nice book of short stories for younger readers.  The book is supposed to be for ages 10 and up, but some of the stories seemed more suitable for teen readers.<br /><br />In any case, there was a mixture here of good and not-so-good tales.  \\"Chivalry\\" and \\"The Witch's Headstone\\" were probably my favourites.  The nice thing about short stories is that, if you end up not liking one of them, you haven't invested too much of your time.  I'd recommend this book simply because it has some well-written, entertaining tales that can be read in one sitting.
B0000029GA|5.0|even decades later this album holds up. i grew up in queens and i dont know how else to describe it other than saying it feels like new york.  the beats the flow the words the entire landscape of this album captures nyc surprisingly well.
B002ZG9846|5.0|Going into kick-Ass I had some doubts because I feel this movie was poorly marketed since it seemed to be advertised for teenagers and the movie is obviously meant for adults. So after watching the movie I was extremely impressed I found it to be funny and action packed. I was expecting it to be funny, but not as action packed and dark as the trailers led me to believe. The movie being a little dark mainly the Big Daddy and Hit Girl parts made me fall in love with the movie instantly. I actually went to see the movie twice in the theaters and I barely go to a movie once let alone twice.     I can honestly say this is the 1st movie in a long time Nicolas Cage didn't piss me off since his character was perfect. But obviously the star of this movie his Hit-Girl, she steals every scene in the movie I don't know if it was the shock factor of how kick-ass she was or she was just perfect for the role. Either way this movie surprised me and was one of the best movies I have seen in a long time.     I say give it a chance and please this movie is not for kids despite how this movie was advertised which explains it's poor performance in the box office after it's great opening weekend. I can't believe parents took their children to see it when I was at the theater despite it's R rating. And they walked out angry and than bashed the movie on the internet. This was not meant for kids you are bad parents for ignoring the R rating. Also reason I mention this is because I have seen at too many sites parents complaining about this film.
0446619078|5.0|Earlier this year I started reading the Bosch series in order. The premise of this one didn't exactly fill me with enthusiasm, and it did start out a little slow. If you like Connelly/Bosch - get it, stick with it and see it all the way through. So much of Harry's inner being is revealed and you gain an ever greater understanding and rooting interest for him. Characters are rich and deep and one can see how Connelly has gradually honed his craft with each new book in the series. The plot is far better than I imagined and it left me rushing right into #5 in the series - Trunk Music. Loved this book.
B00361HV02|4.0|I loved Baby 81, have listened to Howl a couple of times, and haven't heard their earlier albums. This one is deeper, darker, and denser than Baby 81, more fuzzy, with more distortion. Which is all good. Who doesn't like distortion? I generally like it, even if the vocals are buried down in the mix and harder to hear. But it is very reminiscient of the J & MC. It's also more monotonous -- there is no \\"Killing the Light\\" or \\"666 Conducer\\" or \\"All You Do is Talk\\" on this CD. Baby 81 really grabs my attention and it's hard for me to do anything but listen to it when it's on -- Devil's Tattoo I can listen to at work because it's not as demanding on my attention.
1844257797|5.0|Haynes manuals have always been the second class citizens of the manual world. They have never held quite the prestige of Clymer manuals.     I don't understand this. I've owned both and, hands down, Haynes manuals are superior. Their binding is of higher quality, there are more images (color and b&w), the descriptions are more detailed. All in all, a better value. Just remember that if you are looking up \\"tires\\" in the index, you wont find it. Since this manual is made in England, look up \\"tyres\\" instead.
1591843162|1.0|Seth Godin is a brilliant marketer.  So brilliant that he's formed himself as a brand so strong that it doesn't matter what he actually says - everyone just loves it.    Unfortunately, he uses his great marketing skills to just sell and spread his own products, instead of actually writing down those tactics in print.  This book, like most of his books, just offers a many-faceted re-hash of common sense ideas and platitudes.  I've plowed through much of his work, and have yet to find anything substantial or actionable.  Most of his books are so high-level they offer little in the way of real content - they're more like a thought-experiment.    Buying this book won't help you actually do or improve on anything.
B00076RT24|1.0|Episode I has my vote as one of the worst, if not the worst major hyped release of 1999. It makes a mockery of Star Wars and gives a bad name to every actor in it. Where does one begin?  Wooden, leaden acting from start to finish. No emotional content anywhere. Incredibly pointless special effects. Extremely loud soundtrack. Pointless fight scenes. Stereotyped aliens (note the slights to Asians and Semites, among others). The only redeeming aspects of this bomb are the incredible eye-popping special effects. And yes, the costuming was very creative. \\"So What.\\" I certainly hope this dog is only released as a pan-and-scan on VHS so others will avoid it (oh well). It's a hive full of scum and villainy..or something like that.
B003JLA4KS|5.0|Can't believe I just watch the best documentary about Rush in a theater with 300 other Rush fanatics. This is so well put together with absolutely priceless photos and footage. The rarities in this thing are too many to count let alone explain. I have followed the band since 2112 opening for Aerosmith and Ted Nugent in Iowa. All the history of those years came rushing back. The haircuts and clothes of Rush evolved through the 70's and 80's as well as the music. Such care and thought are put into this. Billy Corgan is so well spoken about his thoughts about Rush-I was speechless. This is a MUST SEE for Rush fans for sure. Get it NOW!!!
B00338QEKQ|1.0|$19.25 for a Kindle ebook I can't save for my grandson to read when he's old enough to appreciate history or loan to a friend to read, priced as much the hardback at Costco! Publishers need to adapt to technology or they will soon be out of business.
0446563048|5.0|Tony Hsieh and his colleagues have built a great brand and set the bar for creative leadership that many people can learn from.<br />This book is easy to read, full of wonderful stories, but deep with a message about people and the importance of building a great culture.<br />As a retired NYSE CEO who now teaches, writes, and speaks often about leadership, I recommend this book to leaders in all types of organizations.
B002OB9KPE|5.0|There are so many reviews on \\"The Whirlwind\\" that I'll make this short and sweet.  Buy it!  If you liked Transatlantic's prior works, be forwarned that this is different.  It is less relaxed and more serious in topic.  Still, it is Transatlantic and therefore, it is good music.  In fact, I like this better by a hair than their other discs.  Also, do not worry about Neal's spiritual side coming through too strongly.  The lyrics, for the most part, are vague enough to be unoffensive.  Buy it, buy it, buy it!
076790592X|2.0|I was expecting a lot from this book, especially since many people have told me how much they loved it!  It was pretty good, but I think I was expecting it to be much more like Randy Pausch's The Last Lecture - and it wasn't.  Tuesdays with Morrie was touching, easy to read and interesting, but I was expecting more.
B003ELOQCA|3.0|REGULAR DVD, Pros- The stage is huge, playlist was cool, the sound was ok, 90,000 audience woww.  Cons- the sound could be better, Most of the time the concert is dark, so you can not appreciate the stage and musicians. I own some U2 dvds, or watched others, and Slane Castle still the best.
7119005901|4.0|The story is very extensive, though having some grammar and spelling errors the four volumes story is an excellent read.
B000063V8U|5.0|No words can elaborate on this wonderful piece of achievement. This is a sci-fi/drama masterpiece woven togteher by a tightly nit group of actors who became friends and played off eac other flawlessly in this outer space show about exploration. Many people try to \\"crack\\" this formula and master it, but fail. At last, Gen Roddenberry and Rick Berman finally did it, making what was quite possibly the most beloved sci-fi series ever made for television, which even rival (if not overcome) stupid awful crap star wars, which is mindless battling in the future.    Star trek is for people who wish to see what it might be like on another planet, to meet others like us, to live the dream of a futuristic navyman (a ship versus a...ship on water) in the federation wher ethey are charged with exploration, versus mindless killing in the star wars.    If you have ever wished to see the world beyond earth, to ever see any kind of possible realistic portrayal of what life might be like on a space ship (a cozy one, not some damned ugly space-submarine like on Enterprise series of Star trek) and to explore the world that is described and theorized on by the greatest minds such as Albert Einstein and his theory on relativity and Stephen Hawkings on black holes, you name it, they had seven seasons to spend at least one or more episodes trying to explain and explore these wild phenomena and what it might be like to get in close, to see these phenonema affect worlds around us, which are often inhabited.    Plus, there are many different lifeforms ranging from near Gods to the tiniest microscopic lifeforms...all of which are explored. Even inner space (human body) is explored and the mind and its perceptions are forever questioned. Where time and space and life are all bound, Star Trek seeks to unbind them, revealing theoretical truths (based on knowledge from the 80's however, people today would spot some \\"older\\" , no longer valid information).    Aside from being a little out of date inthis year of 2010, it is amazingly enjoyable. I have seen every episode of the Next generation series over 9 times, some more, and I have not grown tired of it. I just wish more shows would pick up this genre...Stargate SG1 is great too, though it is cast in Star Trek's indomitable shadow.
6305358613|1.0|I really wish I could have given it negative stars.    This movie is terrible.  Others have pointed out the many, many, many historical inaccuracies so I won't bore you with them yet again.  The costuming was even more inaccurate.    Simply awful.
B002ZRPQ5K|5.0|A new evolution of Keane whith great tracks (Clear Skies!!!). It proves the time do a great group that dont't stop doing the same music every time. \\"Chapeau\\" Keane.<br /><br />Una evoluci&oacute;n de keane con grandes temas (Clear Skies!!!). Esto demuestra que el tiempo hace un gran grupo que no se queda haciendo la misma m&uacute;sica todo el tiempo. \\"Chap&oacute;\\" Keane.
B001GCUO5W|4.0|In 1954, U.S. Marshal Edward \\"Teddy\\" Daniels (Leonardo DiCaprio) and his partner, Chuck Aule (Mark Ruffalo), go to the Ashecliff Hospital for the criminally insane on Shutter Island. They are assigned there to investigate the disappearance of a female patient who apparently disappeared from a locked room. The chief psychiatrist Dr. John Cawley (Ben Kingsley), explains that she was committed after drowning her three children.<br /><br />The Marshals run up against one wall after another in their investigation including the refusal by Cawley to turn over patient files and a generally uncooperative staff that includes Max Von Sydow as Dr. Naehring, another psychiatrist.  Daniels and Naehring quickly form an intense dislike of one another as Naehring is German and Daniels was part of a U.S. Army battalion that liberated the infamous Dachau Death Camp during World War II.  As a storm prevents the Marshals from returning to the mainland, Teddy begins to lose a grip on his own reality, having flashbacks to the horrific images at the death camp and suffering debilitating headaches.  He is determined to get to the island's lighthouse, convinced that it may hold the key to the mystery despite having been told that the guards have already searched it.  The mystery only deepens when the escaped patient is miraculously found.<br /><br />Directed by Martin Scorsese, Shutter Island is based on Dennis Lehane's 2003 novel of the same name.  Lehane also wrote Mystic River and Gone, Baby Gone, which has some of the same elements as Shutter Island.  What strikes you first is the amazing visuals and the foreboding atmosphere of Ashecliff.  Built atop the rocky island off Boston, part of the facility had formerly been used as a fort during the Civil War.  It hints of the gothic castles and mansion from old Universal Studios horror films.  The island quakes with thunder and lightning, jolting you off the comfy confines of your sofa.<br /><br />Scorsese positions Cawley and Naehring as sinister forces, purposely keeping the Marshals at bay to deep their dark secrets hidden.  Daniels and Aule soon theorize that the facility might have a more ominous purpose.  The pair scurry about like rats in a maze, checking every corner but making little progress in their investigation.<br /><br />Scorsese indulges himself a little too much with the scenery, liberally borrowing bits from noir films and even cannibalizing some of his own films like Cape Fear.  The many flashbacks to Daniels' experiences during the war only serve to reveal Scorsese's hole card much too soon.  About halfway through the film you think there's no way that it can be going down THIS path with a twist that has been done all too frequently in other recent thriller/horror films.  Despite this near fatal flaw, Scorsese manages to pull it all together in the end.<br /><br />DiCaprio gives a solid performance, even if he does look silly in his fedora.  You can feel his growing unease every step of the way. The show stealer is Kingsley whose character combines equal parts creepy and campy.  The fine supporting cast includes Jackie Earle Haley, Patricia Clarkson, and Ted Levine.<br /><br />Despite some of its flaws, Shutter Island is a worthwhile view thanks to its nightmarish imagery and strong performances.y keeping the Marshals at bay to deep their dark secrets hidden.  Daniels and Aule soon theorize that the facility might have a more ominous purpose.  The pair scurry about like rats in a maze, checking every corner but making little progress in their investigation.      Scorsese indulges himself a little too much with the scenery, liberally borrowing bits from noir films and even cannibalizing some of his own films like Cape Fear.  The many flashbacks to Daniels' experiences during the war only serve to reveal Scorsese's hole card much too soon.  About halfway through the film you think there's no way that it can be going down THIS path with a twist that has been done all too frequently in other recent thriller/horror films.  Despite this near fatal flaw, Scorsese manages to pull it all together in the end.    DiCaprio gives a solid performance, even if he does look silly in his fedora.  You can feel his growing unease every step of the way. The show stealer is Kingsley whose character combines equal parts creepy and campy.  The fine supporting cast includes Jackie Earle Haley, Patricia Clarkson, and Ted Levine.    Despite some of its flaws, Shutter Island is a worthwhile view thanks to its nightmarish imagery and strong performances.
B003J27WFW|5.0|Saw \\"Beyond\\" last night at a one-night special showing in a Minneapolis theater, and it is without a doubt one of the most interesting and entertaining films I've seen this year, and beyond.  And yes, yes, I'm a Rush fan...but I'm not a RABID Rush fan.  I'm missing a few of their albums and while I have a ticket to see them in concert this fall, that will be the first time.  I say this only by way of stating for the NON-Rush fan: Don't let that deter you from seeing this great documentary.  There is so little actual music in it, that anyone, even those just interested in human interest stories and biopics, will find plenty to love here.  There is close friendship, tragedy, very comical moments, inspiration...the whole package.  And how great is it to see \\"rock stars\\" who are intelligent and generally lacking an over-inflated sense of ego?  I think my favorite moment in the film might have come when the trio was aboard a plane, heading, if I remember right, to their next concert, and they all three pulled out books and began to read.  I didn't see what everyone was reading, but Alex was half through Christopher Hitchens' [[ASIN:0446697966 God Is Not Great: How Religion Poisons Everything]].  I have a hard time picturing just about any other rock stars doing something like that--with the possible exception of Bad Religion's Greg Graffin.    One funny thing from the film showing of \\"Beyond.\\"  I arrived fairly early, and then three other guys sat down to my left, and then a few minutes later another guy was about to sit in the single seat remaining to my right, and I asked him, \\"Couldn't get your girlfriend to come either, huh?\\"  And he said, \\"No, my wife wouldn't come.\\"  And the guys to my left said, \\"Yeah, ours either.\\"  So there we were, a row of middle-aged, none-too-thin white dudes, enjoying the hell out of this movie.  It had a good tribal sort of feeling to it, bonding with like-minded strangers like this.  So when you pop this into your DVD player, maybe have some buds around to enjoy it with you.
B001UV4XWY|2.0|The Box is based on a 1970 short story called \\"Button Button\\" written by horror icon Richard Matheson.  The story was adapted previously as an episode of the 1980's incarnation of the Twilight Zone.  Now, the problem with turning a short story into a feature film is that the story is going to have to be heavily padded, and in the case of The Box, heavily padded.  A horribly disfigured man named Arlington Steward (Langella) arrives one day at the suburban Virginia home of Arthur and Norma Lewis, having previously placed a mysterious box on the couple's doorstep.  Inside the box is a large red button locked under a glass dome.  Steward tells the couple if they push the button two things will happen.  First, they will be given one million dollars, tax free. Second, someone in the world they don't know will die.  This moral test is where the similarity between film and story end.<br /><br />In the original story, Norma pushes the button and a few days later her husband is killed by a train.  When she asks Steward why her husband died, he tells her that she never really knew her husband.  Short, direct, and to the point.  Unfortunately the film is anything but direct and to the point and Matheson's story is lost in an absurd haze of alien possession, dimensional gateways, and crackpot science.  Steward, we learn, is controlled by an alien intelligence that is referred to merely as \\"those that control the lightning\\".<br /><br />Norma becomes obsessed with the button, starting at it for hours while she and Arthur argue the moral issue that they will be playing God with someone else's life.  The rest of the film deals with the consequences of the couple's actions.<br /><br />Richard Kelly's screenplay is all over the map but not once does it land at a destination that involves any logic or coherency.  We get the fact that some alien intelligence is testing mankind with this game of ethical choices but Kelly, also the Director, doesn't back it up with anything tangible.  The only hints we get is the film being set in the 1970's at the time of the launch of the Viking Mars probes.<br />Diaz is overly melodramatic although you have a fondness for the innate goodness of her character.  Langella is the best thing about the film.  He is equal parts sinister and sensitive, villain and hero and the film is at its best when he is onscreen.<br /><br />The simple lesson here is that a ten-page story does not a film make, at least not in unskilled hands.is the film being set in the 1970's at the time of the launch of the Viking Mars probes.    Diaz is overly melodramatic although you have a fondness for the innate goodness of her character.  Langella is the best thing about the film.  He is equal parts sinister and sensitive, villain and hero and the film is at its best when he is onscreen.      The simple lesson here is that a ten-page story does not a film make, at least not in unskilled hands.
B000K1P66W|1.0|There is not an honest word in this book. Formal Religion, Ritual and Tradition are tossed aside carelessly. Makes a joke out of traditional theology by saying that Religion and Everything we have learned is part of a dream and those that taught it to us were brainwashed and that we as a result are brainwashed...Utterly ridiculous, this guy is a hack and should not have grossed dollar one, let alone made Oprah's book list (boy has my opinion of that list dropped). If we all do as he suggests, be free and do whatever we want then the world will be in a state of anarchy. Also I have never laughed so hard at any book in my life. I had to read this book so I could debate against it for work, otherwise you should not bother picking this up. Catholics look at \\"Rediscovering Catholicism\\" by Matthew Kelly, and any other Christians take a look at \\"He Chose the Nails\\" by Max Lucado.
B002WY65VU|5.0|In the great tradition of \\"Return of the Living Dead\\" and \\"Shaun of the Dead\\", comes the latest entry in the zombie horror-comedy genre, \\"Zombieland\\".  If Bob Hope and Bing Crosby had decided to make a road picture about zombies (and boy is that a dated reference) it would probably look something like this.  Zombieland so skillfully mixes the horror and comedy elements that it's almost like getting two films in one.<br /><br />The zombies here are of the \\"28 Days Later\\" variety in that they are not truly undead but rather plague victims who are driven to a flesh-devouring rage...and they run really fast.  Nerdy introvert \\"Columbus\\" (Jesse Eisenberg) has managed to survive by coming up with his own set of survival rules such as avoiding public restrooms, having good cadio (to outrun zombies), and never try to play hero.  From him we learn that fat people were the first to get eaten since they could not outrun the zombies.<br /><br />As he tries to make it home to Columbus , Ohio , he meets tough, ass-kicking redneck Tallahassee (Harrelson) and con-artists sisters Wichita and Little Rock (everyone is named after the cities of their origin...or destination.  The quartet begin a cross-country odyssey to an amusement part in California, stopping along the way to scavenge for food at grocery stores (Tallahassee has a craving for Twinkees), bust up an Indian reservation gift shop, and spend a couple of nights in Bill Murray's Beverly Hills mansion.  Murray has a short but hilarious cameo, which was great to see considering some of his more serious roles in recent years.<br /><br />Comparing Zombieland to Shaun of the Dead isn't fair as they are two different types of films despite their comedy/horror elements.  While \\"Shaun\\" was more localized and more of a high-brow British humor film, Zombieland is more epic and slapstick in nature.  In one scene, Tallahassee finds a pair of severed hands and uses one of them to give Columbus the finger.  It's silly scenes like this that make film balance out some of the more gory and intense parts.<br /><br />Despite running a tad short of 90 minutes, the film doesn't sacrifice character development.  The stay in Murray 's mansion gives the group a chance to slow down and reveal bits of their past.  We see more of Columbus ' lonely life at college and how the sisters have been pulling off a series of cons as well as Tallahassee 's tragic background which if anything, brings the ruckus atmosphere down a few notches...but not for long.  First time Director Rueben Fleischer seems to know just when to push the right buttons to get the action revved up.<br /><br />For Harrelson, it's his best role in years as he seemed to have a lot of fun.  Eisenberg's character provides a running narration throughout the film in \\"Wonder Years\\" fashion with a homespun, dry humor.  Zombieland gets three \\"F's\\" for fast, ferocious, and fun.ce out some of the more gory and intense parts.       Despite running a tad short of 90 minutes, the film doesn't sacrifice character development.  The stay in Murray 's mansion gives the group a chance to slow down and reveal bits of their past.  We see more of Columbus ' lonely life at college and how the sisters have been pulling off a series of cons as well as Tallahassee 's tragic background which if anything, brings the ruckus atmosphere down a few notches...but not for long.  First time Director Rueben Fleischer seems to know just when to push the right buttons to get the action revved up.       For Harrelson, it's his best role in years as he seemed to have a lot of fun.  Eisenberg's character provides a running narration throughout the film in \\"Wonder Years\\" fashion with a homespun, dry humor.  Zombieland gets three \\"F's\\" for fast, ferocious, and fun.
B002ZG977Y|2.0|Overall the movie wasn't bad.  I loved the original Clash of the Titans movie, so the complete overhaul of the plot was a bit hard to swallow.  That being said, the acting was okay and the special effects were well done, if not a bit over the top.    I would have given this move three stars if it weren't for how they treated Bubo.  Poor Bubo.
B001GCUO52|2.0|Like \\"Wash, rinse, repeat\\"...The Final Destination's refrain is laboriously repetitive.  The fourth film in the series offers nothing new over its predecessors other than the novelty of being in 3D.  Now sure, if there was ever a series perfectly suited for 3-D it's the Final Destination series with its in-your-face kills.  Unfortunately, 3-D on home TV pretty much sucks.  While technology has advances in theaters, home 3-D still has not managed to do any better than the same blue and red 3-D glasses that have been around for decades.  If you can sit through this and not develop a migraine from the glasses then you're a winner!<br /><br />This film begins as all the others, with one of the characters having a premonition of a terrible disaster.  This time it takes place at an auto race as Nick (Bobby Campo) has a vision of a crash which will spill into the stands killing dozens of spectators.  Nick gets his friends Lori, Hunt, and Janet out, as well as some nearby spectators just before the carnage unfolds.  And carnage it is with, among other kills, a woman who gets crushed by a car's engine.<br /><br />From there you know the story.  Death isn't about to let the group get away.  It's not long before each of the survivors of Nick's vision gets killed in one gruesome way after another as Nick tries to somehow break the chain and throw death off their track.  Like elaborately placed dominos, the death scenes unfold with chance circumstances leading to the big payoff.  But the entire film trudges from one death to the next.  The group sits around trying to figure out who is going to be next on the hit list, arriving just seconds too late to stop it, before the entire cycle starts over.  Even the Friday the 13th series managed to forward the character of Jason somewhat in each film.  Here there's not even the attempt to understand Death's...or Fate's motives.  The director merely wants to play with the 3-D which is lackluster at best.  Even the actors play their roles like soldiers doing the same drill for the hundredth time.<br /><br />As has been the case with the series, the opening mass-killing is the highlight of the film but this one has little to keep the viewer's interest beyond the first twenty minutes.  While there are some original and gory kills it seems we always get the ubiquitous character getting hit by speeding car/bus/truck, ambulance, etc...doing the same drill for the hundredth time.    As has been the case with the series, the opening mass-killing is the highlight of the film but this one has little to keep the viewer's interest beyond the first twenty minutes.  While there are some original and gory kills it seems we always get the ubiquitous character getting hit by speeding car/bus/truck, ambulance, etc...
B0008JIJ2E|5.0|In an attempt to hopefully get the new and next generation of kids to see this film, I want to let you know - that in honor of the new Jackie Chan movie opening today - I watched this film, the original Karate Kid, last night!<br /><br />It is amazing how energetic, pationaite, exciting and uplifting this film still is! I saw it originally in the theatres at least three times! And of course - I have seen it a couple of dozens times again since - and it really still holds up. I still well up with happy tears an excitment at the end - even though I know its coming everytime!<br /><br />Yes the cars, music and even the costumes are all a little dated (it is the 80's) - but the story, the drama and the characters are real and compassionate. Not to say anything bad about Mr. Jackie Chan's version of the Martial Arts Master in the new film - but the late Mr. Pat Morita performance is one outstanding talent that makes you wish he was really your teacher, your father and especially you best friend.<br /><br />His comic timing and element of command by doing so very little - but saying so very much with a short comment, gesture or even a look - sends chills down my spine! The movie would be nothing - without him and his amazing performnce regarding his characters loss of his wife and child. (Which earned him an Acadamy Award nomination for Best Actor.)<br /><br />Ralph Macchio's and Elizabeth Shue's performance were 'spot on' as the boyfriend-girlfriend from opposite sides of the track. There energy grew until the very end - where you believe they will always work well together despite their obvious economic diferences in their backgrounds.<br /><br />Everyone knows the story - the bully picks on the kid, the kid finds the right role model/mentor and the kids defends his honor in a way the bully needs and does lose - he loses in order to understand what matters most. \\"Fighting is ALWAYS the Last Resort...\\", Mr. Miyagi<br /><br />Bill Conti's musical score - (as the times in the movies were reflecting back in the 80's) - was just as inspiring and up-lifting as the similar brass heard in his Acadamy Award score for al the Rocky films!<br /><br />The director is John G. Alvidson. The director of original Academy Award winning Rocky. Do I need to say more - or that he has received several Acadamy Awards as well?<br /><br />The script is Mark Kamen - again an Acadamy Award winner and continueing legendary script doctor of hollywood.<br /><br />The bonus features include great behind the scenes segments with all the cast and the director as well as the writer talking about the changes, production and locations of the film. They talked about the martial arts, training, choreography and staging of all the fights.<br /><br />The commentary features, Pat, Ralph, John G. and Mark...and has some great humorous behind the scenes tid-bits about the filming of the project. Including bloopers, locations switches, problems and scenes that radically changed.<br /><br />There's even a great little segment on the Bonzi Trees which play a big part in the original movie itself!<br /><br />The Karate Kid is an amazing movie! It's a simple film with an amazing message and 100% heartfelt power of emotion driving it! Please let your kids watch this one too as well as for yourself - a great family film - and you'll remember that doing the right thing - is always the best thing to do.  Add this to your collection!  6-11-10as just as inspiring and up-lifting as the similar brass heard in his Acadamy Award score for al the Rocky films!    The director is John G. Alvidson. The director of original Academy Award winning Rocky. Do I need to say more - or that he has received several Acadamy Awards as well?    The script is Mark Kamen - again an Acadamy Award winner and continueing legendary script doctor of hollywood.    The bonus features include great behind the scenes segments with all the cast and the director as well as the writer talking about the changes, production and locations of the film. They talked about the martial arts, training, choreography and staging of all the fights.    The commentary features, Pat, Ralph, John G. and Mark...and has some great humorous behind the scenes tid-bits about the filming of the project. Including bloopers, locations switches, problems and scenes that radically changed.    There's even a great little segment on the Bonzi Trees which play a big part in the original movie itself!    The Karate Kid is an amazing movie! It's a simple film with an amazing message and 100% heartfelt power of emotion driving it! Please let your kids watch this one too as well as for yourself - a great family film - and you'll remember that doing the right thing - is always the best thing to do.  Add this to your collection!  6-11-10
0765318741|5.0|The very first post apocalyptic book i ever read. And one of the reason why i bought a Kindle and got into reading this genre whether its zombies taking over the bodies of the deceased or the after-effects of a nuclear (emp) holocaust.  Like my title says, the book is a classic.  The movie, on the other hand, should take notes from the book.  Seriously, the book is practically a guide that the films failed to deliver.
B001GCUO5M|5.0|It goes without saying that Martin Scorsese is an incredible filmmaker. He has added another classic to his resume with the mind-bending thriller, \\"Shutter Island\\".  The film stars Leonardo DiCaprio as a federal marshal who is investigating the disappearance of a patient / prisoner from a mental institution for the criminally insane.  DiCaprio shines in his part, perhaps brighter than he has in any other Scorsese film. He is accompanied by Ben Kingsley, Mark Ruffalo, Max von Sydow, Ted Levine and Jackie Earle Haley, amongst others. \\"Shutter Island\\" does a great job of playing mind games with the viewer.  This film makes for a great DVD to own, because you can watch it as many times as you would like and you can discover new clues in the plot over and over again. Also, after viewing the film the first time, once you know the outcome of the plot, subsequent viewings are really terrifying if you put yourself in the main character's shoes, knowing the ending.  That's what I do when I watch the film now, and I think it's genuinely scary because it is so competently written. Scorsese's direction is excellent, as are all the actors' performances in the film.  The film is a dark noir styled trip down the rabbit hole that is frightful and tense throughout.  Definitely a modern Scorsese classic here, folks.  Well worth checking out, multiple times. Highly recommended! 4.5 stars.
0307454541|5.0|Even better than purported to be...a five star plus...<br /><br />Don't miss it.
030726999X|5.0|After some lukewarm reactions, I was a little wary of picking up Hornet's Nest. With Larsson dying three books into his ten book series, would there be any sense of closure? Given the ending of [[ASIN:030745455X The Girl Who Played with Fire (Vintage)]], exactly how much new could he pull off here? And yet, I found Hornet's Nest to be a pretty satisfying conclusion to what ended up being a trilogy, even as it left a lot of tantalizing threads dangling behind. As you might expect (and if you haven't read Fire, you may want to stop reading here), Hornet's Nest picks up immediately after the end of the previous book, with doctors desperately trying to save Salander's life, Blomkvist trying to save her reputation, and Zalachenko trying to end both. Hornet's Nest sadly leaves Salander largely on the sidelines, which makes total narrative sense while still remaining frustrating, especially knowing that there are no more books to come. Once you get used to that, though, Hornet's Nest provides a nice capper to the events of the previous two books, dealing with Salander's past in a more explicit and open way, with groups frantically trying to either expose the truth or bury it deeply. It all builds to a pretty great courtroom finale, followed by a bit of an \\"epilogue\\" quite satisfying both from a story and a character perspective. Yes, there are things I regret about it, but I think given Larsson's surprise death, it's a more than satisfactory conclusion to the series, especially the nicely done final few pages. I'm sad that we'll never get more Salander tales, but I definitely enjoyed the ones we got, and Hornet's Nest  is a good note to go out on.
B0000062FL|4.0|I finally treated myself to the CD version of Abraxes (the 98 Legacy version) and was quite surprised  to hear what sounds like re-mixes.  Remastering and remixing are two entirely different entities and, to tell the truth, I don't know which is which.  When I hear different instruments in the foreground of a song, I tend to think it is a remix.  Can this be accomplished with a remaster?  I have always been a fan of Albert Gianquinto's beautiful piano solo at the end of Incident At Neshibur and I was shocked to hear him so upfront on this CD version.  Not only is he upfont, its like they dropped half the band out of it towards the end of his solo.  Not that I'm complaining-its a refreshing, new look at an old favorite-but the listener/purchaser should be made aware that this could be a remixed version of the album.  It does not sound the same as the original vinyl LP.  I'm sure there are other instances on this disc, but the Incident at Neshibur \\"remix\\" is the most obvious.  On a related note, if you are also a fan of AG's solo on Incident, you should definitely check out the DVD of Santana, Grateful Dead and Jefferson Airplane in Night At the Family Dog.  You can see Gianquinto playing Incident live with the Santana band!!  This isn't the first time I've heard this kind of discrepancy on Legacy .  The 4 classic Spirit albums from the late 60's also will have you scratching your head wondering why it sounds different from what you remember.  Can it be a simple case of remastering?  Or has this been remixed?
0061537969|5.0|I am a voracious reader and this is arguably one of the best books I have ever read. It is so well written, so creative and (at the risk of sounding cliche) it makes you laugh, cry and think. I highly recommend it!
014305841X|3.0|I got the audio book version of this book and when I first started listening to it I though it was some socialist manifesto on why capitalism is bad.  He tells how that the government should be running the food supply and that capitalism and free markets do not work with the food supply and that all industrial farming is bad.   Then he got into how all natural farming was the only good kind.  I felt that this guy was some kind of Sith lord with the way that he spoke about everything in absolutes.  As he went into a diatribe on the evils of corn, I thought I had no change of surviving and I would be eating mutant food the remainder of my life.  He told how he got his own Bull and how he was going to slaughter it in the industrial way.  He kept telling you that you could not see how the industrial processing was being done like it was a big conspiracy and it was an evil plan how to get it into Americans to make them fat and give them diseases.  Perhaps that is true.      Next, he talked about this farm on Virginia that was completely the opposite and the guy who ran it was a libertian who did not trust the government.  This guy seemed to believe in conspiracy theory, in addition, about the food stuff and that, everything should be grown locally and that people should get used to the seasonality of foods again.  He fed his cattle, chickens and pigs all natural foods and they were healthier for it.  Since they lived more naturally than the other animals in the industrial farms they were free and when slaughter their meat tasted better because they lived happy lives and lived off the grass and roamed freely on the farm and all the animals did all the work so they could live in harmony.   Just like a hippy.  I talked to a guy who grew up on a farm and he was telling me all the grass would be wrecked if the farmer let the pigs go through the manure.  If he let the pigs work it in the soil, there would be big holes everywhere.  So unless the farmer picked up all the manureand compost and let the pigs work on it somewhere else then put it on the grass otherwise the story does not hold water.      The third part of the book was the part that I enjoyed the most when he did the hunting and gathering.  I did not realize all the things that you had to know and register for and that this guy was willing to prepare for this with his friend Angelo.  I think Angelo would have been a great guy to go hunting with.  He knew how to convert all he hunted into delectable foods.  The part about this section I did not like was the preachy part on what right people had to kill animals he took a whole chapter to tell it.  After he went hunting and had a few hunting, stories he was very proud of himself as you could tell by the hunting picture and felt more like a man.      The meals that he made sounded very good but I think this guy is a little prone to exaggeration.  It was an interesting book to listen to.
B001IAP9MU|5.0|To get full impact out of Diana Gabaldon's Outlander books, you MUST start with the first book: OUTLANDER.  So much has already been said about this Outlander series, I don't have too much to add ... except to say I Love her books and characters (mostly Jamie) and am hooked for life.    About 2 weeks ago, I finished reading her last printed paperback book..  called: A Breath of Snow and Ashes.  \\"Daily\\" I still stop and think about the the story and all the characters.. as though they are real. (It is Historically accurate!)    Here on Amazon, I have pre-ordered Diana Galbaldon's latest book ... soon to be released via Amazon on June 22nd.  The title is called: An Echo in The Bone.    I have also Pre-ordered another book coming out in September 2010.. called: The Exile. (It's about Jamie's perspective).    When I finish The Exile... I'm going to go into withdrawal!  It takes the very talented Diana Gabaldon about 3 years to write each Novel.    Hands down, this series is the most unique and compulsive reading experience I have ever had.
B000OCXFCO|5.0|After the Risk debacle, some fans might have left Megadeth for \\"ded.\\"  As Mustaine himself might say, \\"Big mistake.\\"  Since then, the band has put out the good \\"The World Needs a Hero,\\" then a string of GREAT albums, starting with the ultra-heavy \\"The System Has Failed\\" followed by this equally heavy, fast paced follow up (not to mention the more recent \\"Endgame.\\")  Megadeth simply knocks it out of the park with this one, as they have with their last three albums.  I've always been a Megadeth fan, but I'll tell you, these last three albums by the band, including this one, have pushed it to a whole new level.  Not only has Megadeth gone back to their roots, they've gotten BETTER!  Wow.  Incredible album from start to finish, highly recommended.
B002UXRGM0|5.0|My husband and I were appalled with Oprah's narration. So much so... I wrote an email to the Discovery Channel (when the show first Aired).   I told, (who ever cared to read my email at Discovery), that the new documentary LIFE was simply VISUALLY magnificent,... but... ruined by Oprah's narration.  I went on to tell Discovery... that Oprah is a lovely woman. Does a great job with her talk show... but.... She \\"talked-down\\" to the audience as though we were 2 years old or nit-wits.   And, said if the show was ever \\"re-narrated\\" I would purchase it.    To my surprise, someone at Discovery Channel wrote back to me.   This person said they were always pleased to receive feedback from their audience to make improvements. And thanked me for my comments.  But, this person never told me there was a BBC version, narrated by the very talented David Attenborough.  Hmmm... what's up with that?    Out of curiosity, here on Amazon, I looked at the version narrated by Oprah.   I was semi-surprised to see how many people felt the same as my husband and I.  One woman wrote that she found out that the Discovery Channel (the American version) was re-written for Oprah.  Why? I'm stunned! Why would the Discovery producers, screenwriters, etc. etc. not use David Attenborough's narration?   Was it Oprah's idea to talk to the audience as though she were reading a bed time story to a small child. (Her \\"animated\\" sound effects were very irritating).    One more comment... to those who have written that you can get \\"LIFE\\" DVD cheaper at Walmart or whatever.... I believe you are mistaken.  The LIFE DVD's at those stores are NOT \\"Blue-Ray\\". Unfortunately, Blue-Ray cost more than regular DVD's.
B002RI9ZQ8|4.0|Although not as strong of a plot as the other two books (I found myself a little bored in the middle), the deep character development and building climax more than make up for any slowness.  Do yourself a favor and just buy all three at once because when you finish this one you'll want to go headfirst into the next two.
030745455X|5.0|This is a worthy successor to Stieg Larsson's first novel in the Millennium Trilogy. Larsson, in fact, projected ten volumes in the series, but--regrettably--died after the first three novels were completed. The positive note here is that the third volume serves to bring closure to many issues raised in the first two, so readers are not left hanging, although some story lines cry out for development (e.g., whatever happened to Lisbeth Salander's twin sister?).<br /><br />In the first volume, we saw the developing relationship between investigative reporter Mikael Blomkvist and Lisbeth Salander, computer hacker extraordinaire, possessed of a photographic memory, and absolutely brilliant in many ways. For instance, note her chess play with her former supervisor, Holger Palmgren. As the text notes (Pages 160-161): \\"Salander sat there reading a book on the frequency calibration of radio telescopes in a weightless state. . .When Palmgren made his move she glanced up and moved her piece, apparently without studying the board, and went back to her back.\\" This (as well as the other two books) has various characters label her as being dysfunctional, whether exhibiting Asperger's or some other condition. Not likely, given her special abilities. Indeed, the book has it that she actually solves Fermat's theorem cleanly (a mathematical puzzle that took centuries for a faux solution).<br /><br />We begin, I think, to understand her social problems right at the outset. She is bound in an institution for the mentally ill after she had taken action as part of the \\"All the Evil,\\" in which she tossed a Molotov cocktail into a car being driven by the person who had brutally hurt her mother. The wretched monster? Let's call him Zala for now. . . . Instead of society treating her as a victim of viciousness (her mother had been brutalized by Zala over time), she is warehoused as a way of maintaining state secrets (Zala is protected by an office within Sweden's national intelligence apparatus).<br /><br />After the introduction alluded to above, we see Salander traveling the world, after having robbed a crooked billionaire of a portion of his fortune, thus making herself financially independent. She also distanced herself from Blomkvist, who had been her lover in the first novel, after he resumed his faithless ways (I see him as a bounder, to be honest--indeed, so does his sister, in her comments to Salander in the third book of the series). Blomkvist and his colleagues at Millennium magazine are working with Mia Johansson (a doctoral candidate) and Dag Svensson a freelance writer, readying a story on sex trafficking, the importation of women to serve as prostitutes in Sweden. This book, indeed the entire series, has a central focus on sexual politics, in sometimes the most tawdry terms. It is most explicit in this volume. It is also a work about government wrongdoing.<br /><br />A triple murder occurs--with Johannson and Svensson killed as well as Salander's \\"overseer,\\" maintaining contact with her because of her labeling as \\"incompetent,\\" Nils Bjurman. Salander's fingerprints are on the weapon used to kill all three, so she becomes the fugitive in a massive hunt for her. The story then hinges on a virtual partnership (by computer)  between Blomkvist and Salander. She refuses to see him after what she sees as his betrayal of her--although she also notes that he had behaved decently toward her. But she is willing to help him in his investigation of the murders of Johansson-Svensson and in his effort to vindicate her.<br /><br />There are some amazing scenes here, including the one where she takes on two powerful bikers and leaves them whimpering (you have to read this!). As Palmgren said at one point, if you point a gun at Salander, she'll find a bigger gun.<br /><br />There is a touching moment as she heads off to confront Zala (whose relationship with her adds an extra dimension of dramatic tension) and a giant blonde, the latter of whom is seemingly immune to pain. Before she begins her quest, Salander wants to tell Blomqvist via e-mail that she had been in love with him, but can't bear admitting. So, she simply says to him (Page 563): \\"Thanks for being my friend.\\"<br /><br />Then, she moves to confront Zala (no spoiler here, but he is the one whom she threw the Molotov cocktail at when she was 12). Blomkvist, nervous at her last e-mail, thinking she was taking off to confront evil and even perish, tries to follow her. There is a horrific confrontation, with Salander miraculously escaping an extraordinarily perilous situation before getting a degree of revenge. But, she has been badly hurt, Blomqvist gets her airlifted for medical care, and we wait for the third book in the series, wondering what will come next.Salander wants to tell Blomqvist via e-mail that she had been in love with him, but can't bear admitting. So, she simply says to him (Page 563): \\"Thanks for being my friend.\\"    Then, she moves to confront Zala (no spoiler here, but he is the one whom she threw the Molotov cocktail at when she was 12). Blomkvist, nervous at her last e-mail, thinking she was taking off to confront evil and even perish, tries to follow her. There is a horrific confrontation, with Salander miraculously escaping an extraordinarily perilous situation before getting a degree of revenge. But, she has been badly hurt, Blomqvist gets her airlifted for medical care, and we wait for the third book in the series, wondering what will come next.
B002UZ5JEA|3.0|Pretty engaging but the ending felt very contrived.  It could have been much better.
B002JCSWV6|4.0|Morgan Freeman was excellent as Nelson Mandella and will surely be nominated for an academy award.
B001NLKT60|5.0|I couldn't put this book down and immediately bought the second part.  Brilliant character development.  Excellent plot.
B002XTBE8I|1.0|My star rating has nothing to do with the quality of the music on this record.  It is reflective of the fact that fans who already purchased Relapse were forced to purchase the same album again if they wanted the extra 7 songs.  Eminem said that he released this record so that the fans didn't have to wait for his new stuff.  So, why not make an EP available for those fans who already bought Relapse in May?  How dedicated are the fans that waited until December to buy it???  I know you can buy the MP3s but I prefer to buy the disc.  The fact of the matter is that this album was released not for the fans but for the $$$.
B002RI9ZPY|5.0|I couldn't put this book down after I finished the first part.  Brilliant character development.  Excellent plot.
B000FIH4RO|5.0|For all you Fastway fans out there (and others for that matter), I ask you not to dismiss this album before giving it a fair chance. I realize it is much different than the other Fastway(David King) albums because the addition of keyboard/synthesizers but if you can set that aside and listen to it for what it is I think you will get more enjoyment out of it and realize what a great album it is. There are only about three songs that I am not crazy about but the rest more than make up for it.<br /><br />Even with the addition of keyboards, there are still some great guitar moments contained within and David King is at his peak on this album. What a huge talent with an amazing voice. I picked up this cassette back in the 80's when it came out and was a little shocked at the change in sound but it didn't take long to grow on me. I just recently picked it up again after not hearing it for 20 years and it still sounds fantastic. I love this album.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|The items came quickly and in the new/unopened condition described. The only minor issue is that there is a spot on the two DVDs that skips/stops every time, but it's not a very big deal and not the seller's fault--a minor production error. The other one plays just fine.
B002T9H2L0|4.0|Outstanding sound and picture quality. Some of the scenes are dragged out a lot to long though.
B001H3TUZK|1.0|I had the same problem as fellow reviewer CitizenRain: ridiculous amounts of white noise (crackles and pops) on both discs, all sides. Sounds like it was pressed in 1936 using a screwdriver and a lathe.
B003P8BB5W|5.0|I was in love with the first two soundtracks and I have to say, I came in to listening to this one several weeks ago as skeptical.  I really didn't think they could, but they did it again.  The songs are great, and I feel the music will match well with the mood of the film.  Even if you're not a fan, you'll enjoy this soundtrack.  The Bravery \\"Ours\\" and Metric's \\"Eclipse\\" are two of my favorites (if I have to choose favorites).  Kudos to the music director.
B003O3QT96|5.0|I really love this album!  Bionic has some really fun songs and some beautiful ballads, I managed to listen to the whole album with out skipping any songs and, at least in my case, that rarely happens. I loved every song but my favorite has to be 'I am', a song with a beautiful melody and really meaningful words, I rarely buy complete albums but I'm glad I bought this one.   I have listened to the whole album and I dont know what you crazy people are talking about, it sounds nothing like Lady GaGa, I'm also a huge fan of Gaga and I have all of her albums and remixes and I don't see the similarities. I don't understand why everyone  has to always pin female songstresses against each other, I don't see this with male singers or rappers, there is more than enough room on top for all these powerfull songstress.  If you want an album with fun songs and beautiful balads, Bionic by Christina Aguilera is it.
0812932293|4.0|I am a great admirer of Sir Richard Branson.  He seems to combine the virtues adventurer/explorer Englishman, with the go-getting of a successful American businessman.  He often appears smiling, and radiates the idea that \\"Success can be fun, and not just profits!\\"    However, the TITLE of this book threw me off-kilter for a second.  I first became aware of this book when it was \\"recommend for me\\" by Amazon, and -- lady that I like to think myself to be -- I was just about to request Amazon to \\"fix this recommendation\\", when I realized, finally, who the author was, and what, exactly he was  talking about!  \\"X\\"-rated books have NEVER been ones that I desire  to read.  I do wish that Sir Richard had decided on a less ambiguous, (and less shocking!), title.   (Such as: \\"Flying high,  Even Without Virgin Airlines\\" or \\"Lessons Learnt from Virgin Airlines\\", etc.  Americans, in prticular, though they may know of  Sir Richard and Virgin Airlines, do NOT always have him in the  forefront of their consciousnesses, and so the words: \\"Losing My Virginity\\" bring an altogether different idea into mind, than the  experiences of Sir Richard Bramson after Virgin Airlines!  I   earnestly ask for a different title, at least for the American  edition, so that those interested in success in the business world, only, will not be shocked out of their senses, (even for  a few seconds), before the realize what this book is REALLY about!  be shocked
1423113381|5.0|I can't comment on the story itself beyond amazons description. What I can say is I have a 9 year old girl who reads well but is very picky about her books and its very hard to get her to read for very long. Typically I have to tell her to go read for XX number of minutes. Since she got this book she hasn't put it down. This morning she didn't even turn on the TV she went into her room to read more. She says the book is great and she loves it. That's all I need to give it 5 stars
B000FC2PKG|5.0|this is my first by lisa gardner, definately will not be my last - awesome writer!
B0032Y8XH8|5.0|I am at a loss of words with this record; impulsively bought at a local HMV store for under $8 - I did not know a thing about this group.  Very unlike me, however, what a great discovery! People we call musicians today haven't appealed to me for decades now - except for minor gems here and there - but this must be close to the top.  At once, M&S reminded me of the music of the Waterboys, Lindisfarne, Fairport Convention & Fotheringay.      Thistle & Weeds is the standout track, in my opinion.  All tracks are well crafted, with intellectual lyrics & hearty full bodied musicianship.  It may sound a little too forced, contrived at times - perhaps being brainy to a fault - and I can see a group of young musicians toiling perhaps a little too hard to stand out (although in this ocean of mediocrity that is hardly difficult!) - and I would hope their sophomore outing will sound a tad more loose & vibrant - with the shades of color only youth can offer.      Thought I should let you know, my friends  ..; excellent album and my sincere appreciation again.
0446563048|5.0|My review is written with a slant specifically for B2B business owners    A great new book, released June 9, 2010, is an inspiration for any business that believes what they do is hard work. Delivering Happiness is a true story of how perseverance, focus and a little irreverence for the status quo pay off when you also treat people right. I was invited to review an advance copy of the book penned by Zappos chief, Tony Hsieh (pronounced Shay). I highly recommend that you read this first-hand account of how Zappos, an online etailer, grew from zero to over $1 billion in gross merchandise sales in less than ten years. The book, subtitled A Path to Profits, Passion and Purpose, offers clear and distinct models anyone can use to build or improve upon a culture-sustainable business. Learn how Zappos transformed into a billion dollar enterprise when they decided to brand through customer service.  The end game, as Hsieh calls it, is Happiness. He's passionate when he talks about customer happiness, employee happiness, and [leadership] happiness--\\"the goals of happiness aren't mutually exclusive.\\"    Indeed, it is refreshing to read about a company (in a business book) so obsessed with its culture. We have all bragged about \\"our people\\" at some point in our careers but Zappos demonstrates how you can take that idea to the bank. Every employee seems to live and share what is a very well honed list of ten core values that they believe define their culture. These values seem to extend to their personal lives as well. \\"Hire slowly and fire quickly\\" is one of their secrets. And if a new recruit doesn't believe in [the core values] they are offered $2,000 to leave.     Zappos' goal is simple: have the best customer service in the world. Under Hsieh's direction, they abolished the idea of a customer service department and instead, built customer service into a kind of central nervous system that permeates every aspect of the business. By doing this they say they avoid the marketing expense \\"letting our customers do the marketing for us.\\"     They didn't just think this stuff up overnight. More than half of the book is devoted to their dealings with unusual, seemingly insurmountable, challenges and setbacks they faced along their short journey. But there's always an upshot. Tony Hsieh, a Harvard graduate, learns well from experience and is able to reflect with amazing keenness of thought and insight. This next quote is not particularly a good example of that statement but, nonetheless, illustrates the importance the CEO places on vision.   \\"In business, one of the most important decisions for an entrepreneur or a CEO to make is what business to be in. It doesn't matter how flawlessly a business is executed if it's the wrong business or if it's too small a market.\\"     In this passage, Mr. Hsieh doesn't mean to suggest that you necessarily need to run from your [current] business. Instead, consider changing your vision or definition of the business you're already in. He insists, \\"there [is] always a bigger vision that could make the table bigger\\" referring to another passage in the book where he makes an insightful comparison to the game of poker and its striking similarities to business. But his message is fresh, unexpected and very inspiring. It is not the usual adapt or die ultimatum familiarized by the oft-used story of the buggy-whip industry, which missed its opportunity to expand upon vision and redefine its business as [in] \\"transportation.\\" Instead the industry focused on making better whips and, very quickly, got run over by the auto industry.    I often lament about leaders who proudly use the phrase \\"we've always done it that way\\" --it is such a destructive mentality. Well, you will notice in the book that the Zappos brand promise changed 5 times in 10 years! Like it's leader, the company had to evolve in order to arrive. Here's a look at the evolution of Zappos brand promise over the years:    1999--Largest Selection of Shoes  2003--Customer Service  2005--Culture and Core Values as Our Platform  2007--Personal Emotional Connection  2009--Delivering Happiness    In a relatively short time Zappos made many difficult, very disruptive, decisions to ensure that they could ultimately deliver on their promise of happiness. In one instance they moved the company, and most of its employees, from San Francisco to Las Vegas in order to grow a brand that would require a much larger pool of service-oriented employees. In another instance, they took equally dramatic action after eLogistics failed to deliver (literally) on their promise. Zappos leased their own warehouse, located strategically in Kentucky, near the central UPS hub, and built their own proprietary inventory system. The lesson: \\"never outsource your core competency.\\" Zappos learned that a third party could never care about their customers as much as they would. \\"If we hadn't reacted quickly, it would have eventually destroyed Zappos.\\"  Delivering Happiness >[...]< deserves a space on your shelf next to your favorite business books. As always, let me know your thoughts.    Take action, buy it on Amazon: http://www.amazon.com/deliveringhappiness    Legalese: I, David Stahl, received free advanced copies of this book. My statements are unbiased, honest opinions.
B000FJXQUC|1.0|What ever you do, don't buy this version of [[ASIN:B000FJXQUC McLintock!]](VINA distributor). This movie has always been a favorite of mine, but the quality of this DVD was beyond disappointing. It looked like it was transferred from a VHS recording of a television broadcast of an old, used print in the 1970s. I really wish I had bothered to look at the reviews before I ordered it. I didn't pay very much, but it wasn't even worth the shipping cost.
0060899190|4.0|I bought this book because I wanted some conversation starter-type books for my coffee table.  Its fun to open it up and read the different postcards and discuss them with friends.  I recommend for a light read or a unique conversation starter at parties.
B00000425R|5.0|I do not write many reviews of music - my musical education is slight and I have trouble distinguishing between the finer points of different recordings - so I'll keep my comments limited to my specific feelings about this work, rather than its technical aspects.  The main reason for writing about it at all is that the few reviews for this edition, as well as for other recordings, seems to indicate that this work is underappreciated, though I'm sure that the amount of Amazon reviews is a poor criteria to use while judging the popularity of this timeless music.    I was surprised to find out that Corelli wrote within the Baroque period - as I said, my musical education is slight - since I had always thought of that time as ornamental to the point of oppressiveness.  That, or else I thought of the somber mood of Bach and Handel, who, it seems to me, shoehorn as much piety into their music as possible.  Corelli, by comparison, is airy and secular, earthy in a celebratory way - it is music that strives to make simple, elegant statements, and one that prefigures a innocent humanism.      Listeners who have moved beyond this period of music and have trained themselves to appreciate more modern techniques may find Corelli hopelessly outdated, but to my tin ear his music resonates.  Without wanting to sound overly-gushing, I think his music illustrates reaching out toward something better - something modest, yet kindly.    As far as the different recordings of this Op. 6, I have a difficult time believing that Neville Marriner and the Academy of St. Martin-in-the-Fields suffers in any technical aspect when held up against the others.  I would think that it is a matter of preference - now that I've grown accustomed to this recording, I may very well have objections to some of the others, but that would only be because this was my introduction.  If this were someone's first exposure to Corelli, I suspect they could do little better than this fine effort.
B00005UW9T|5.0|I love that this is not Disney--who pretty much has a corner on the market for animated musicals during the 90s.  My favorite part is that this is based on a true story!  But the music is amazing and Meg Ryan and John Cusack do a fabulous job.  Plus Rasputin and Bartok are hilarious.  Just reviewing it makes me want to watch the movie lol
B00005QDW5|5.0|As a jaded, long-time fan of Pink Floyd, I do appreciate this journey through sound. It's a very good compilation of various nuggets of the band's reign as the true poineers of their field. The bad reviews of this release ask where certain material is, but when there are no less than fourteen studio albums, several live releases, and who knows how many other tidbits out there, something has to be omitted.<br /><br />Even the compact disc format has its limitations, hence the extensive editing of certain longer tracks, most notably the fade-out used halfway through \\"Marooned.\\" The first half, quiet and delicate, gives way to a very powerful, stronger second half, not included here. So, just call \\"Echoes\\" a teaser; there isn't one dud in the bunch. But, at the same time, \\"Echoes\\" could have been a three-disc set, and the one-star people would still complain.<br /><br />Just know, there aren't any tracks from \\"Tonight Let's All Make Love In London,\\" \\"More,\\" \\"Ummagumma,\\" or \\"Obscured By Clouds,\\" and you'll be fine. ;-) I personally would have made a compilation of lesser-known, more obscure tracks, but the \\"Echoes\\" set is obviously meant to expand on an already vast fan base. The almighty dollar is a powerful lure.
B000W9DTG6|5.0|It's the Ocean's Trilogy, what's not to like?  If you like witty comedy mixed with some high-end crime plots, then you'll like the Ocean's movies.  Plus, you have an all-star cast so you know the acting will at least be good.
B0032JTV6U|5.0|In addition to exploring highly pertinent issues that most teen shows have failed to do so sensitively, Glee has created a completely new genre of television. The musical numbers are inspiring, the dialogue is wittier than in most sitcoms, and the touching moments are captured beautifully. Glee is a truly original creation and deserves all the accolades it has been receiving. Television hasn't seen a group of gifted young actors of this calibre in years, and it is exciting to watch them become rising stars.  This is a perfect collection for ANY lover of musicals!
0545140315|5.0|The \\"boy meets girl, girl loves boy, boy breaks girl's heart\\" story is nothing new in teen (or adult) fiction. But imagine if said girl decides to swear off boys for the rest of high school --- and in doing so becomes the leader of a movement liberating her fellow female students from the pressures of dating, teen sex and relationships. Elizabeth Eulberg's debut novel, THE LONELY HEARTS CLUB, gives readers just this interesting twist on a familiar theme.    Penny Lane Bloom, named for the Beatles song by her Fab-Four-fanatic parents, is finally ready to commit both physically and emotionally to Nate Taylor. But on the night she plans to lose her virginity, she finds him with another girl. Angry, embarrassed and heartbroken, Penny must begin junior year without Nate. Even though she is supported in her grief by great friends and there are boys interested in her, she decides she won't date until high school is over. They are immature liars, she asserts. And inspired by the Beatles, who she loves almost as much as her parents do, she starts the Lonely Hearts Club with herself as the sole member.    But as she shares her radical idea (no dating!) with her friends, they want to join her. They find that Saturday nights and formal dances together are more fun than with unpredictable and lustful boys anyway. Soon there are official rules of the club, Penny's basement is filled with 30 like-minded girls every Saturday, and there's an article about the club in the school paper. However, as the girls gain confidence and build friendships, students at the school begin to harass them. The idea that the Lonely Hearts Club members are not interested in teenage romance seems impossible.    Soon, too, the members themselves are challenged to re-think their position as the good, kind, loyal boys begin to stand out from the crowd of louts. Penny's challenge --- sweet and cute Ryan Bauer --- is more difficult than she imagined. Not only does Ryan seem like a great guy who really likesher for who she is, he is the recent ex-boyfriend of Penny's old best friend whom she is just getting to know again. The situation is complicated, and she thinks Ryan is clear that she is not interested in dating. But going to a concert for a Beatles tribute band seems like a date, and Penny is not sure what she thinks --- or what the club members will have to say when they find out.    Eulberg's sweet story conveys such powerful ideas as empowerment, solidarity, identity and friendship. Some of the teenage girls here are social drinkers, and some are sexually active, yet none of them are judged for their choices in one direction or another. Instead, they are supported and taken care of by each other. The young women of the Lonely Hearts Club are strong and powerful even in moments of weakness and tribulation.    THE LONELY HEARTS CLUB is nicely written, bittersweet and tender, and Eulberg has a good feel for her heroine. There are a few moments where the teen-speak seems forced, but generally the book has a nice flow and pace. She throws in themes such as eating disorders and homosexuality, though they are merely mentioned and not explored. Fantastic, honest and fun, THE LONELY HEARTS CLUB is a great first outing from Eulberg and a compelling variation of the usual teen romance. Penny and her club are funny, headstrong and, like most teenage girls, at once innocent and jaded. Eulberg captures it all so well.
B000FA5QEK|2.0|Books like this bother me, because individuals like Kiyosaki make their money off of convincing anyone that he/she has the ability to become rich through some relatively simple actions and decisions. All that is necessarily to topple the house of cards, however, is to be aware of the fact that most people in society will always need to work jobs that cause them to be in the poor/middle class.     Another element that is very deceptive is Kiyosaki's investment advice. Anyone who actually knows about finance also knows that there's no easy way to make money in the market; if there was, 99.9% of the time it would have been traded away by investors and institutions with access to far more resources than yourself.     As is the case in many aspects of life, if something sounds too good to be true, it probably is. Instead of listening to charlatans like Kiyosaki, learn a useful skill and read some actual textbooks about finance/investing.
0802473156|5.0|This book is great for singles, couples in a relationship and married couples.  I wish I had known the five love languages years ago.  It could have saved a lot of heart ache and possibly a couple marriages.  I daily praise God for it today, now my girl friend and I can use the languages in growing our relationship on a much firmer ground.  It has been fun learning each others languages and discussing them.  We daily use each others love languages. Believe me it makes for a lot of happiness.
B003FMTZOM|1.0|Im not surprised, Ive never really been a Fan of Strain Tina's Music. The only good songs on here are You Lost Me & Lift me up, the rest is generic, Immature, boring, and 2nd rate at best. My best advice to Scream Tina would be to stick to the Ballads, shes not Beyonce, ballads & up tempos do not suit her equally. she has always shined better on ballads like Hurt & Beautiful. Why do a bunch of trendy disposable Gaga like songs just to appeal to current trends. Where is Cristina??
030745455X|5.0|A wonderful follow up to The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.<br />Larsson was a masterful writer.
0307454541|5.0|Mr. Larsson weaves a riveting mystery with several complex characters (really out there).  The story moves fast; it drags you into it. You don't want to put the book down.  Since reading this book, I have read the #2 and #3 novels.  Great read.
1593553307|5.0|This was the first book I ever read by Dean..it is a brilliant love story with a lot of action mixed in.  I have Been a fan now for nearly 30 years. I wanted to listen oit the saotry again while I was on a long drive.    Meeting him was a great day for me. Very funny guy in person.
0743487486|4.0|What a surprise this little book held for me and how it has helped me to grow as a human being- even at the age of 69, when change in understanding has become increasingly more difficult to be willing to make! But hold on to your hat as it's a rough ride in the beginning.<br /><br />During my first few pages of reading  I flung this book against the wall three times and complained loudly how out of touch the author seemed compared to my personal \\"old school\\" proven skill and understanding of raising  children. The text grows on and finally wins the reader over through clear logic and well crafted word pictures of a modern approach to living with and raising children of all ages.<br /><br />I came to realize that in practicing \\"Unconditional Parenting\\" in the day-to-day that it is work, very hard work and time consuming. I find that these concepts must be ever present on the mind as we deal particularly with the child, specially those who are sharp and challenging. My grandson,through this author's text, was teaching me a new way of seeing and addressing him. The adult ego takes a \\"whopping\\" here in adapting to the techniques offered for consideration. The treatise  calls for the adult to rise above his age old practices of child intimidation and dismissal as he's called to address his little \\"adversary\\" as his equal on a level playing field. It's a hard  concept to accept but a sensible and true one that calls to be embraced.<br /><br />This book, for me, is revolutionary in how it effectively reaches far beyond the one-on-one interaction with a child into the classroom and on the playing and sporting fields. The concepts and practices offered here are admittedly not suited for everyone. I can almost guarantee,in its reading, you will want to loudly protest and disagree during the early pages. But hang in there. It took me a while to become willing to drop my denial and huge defensiveness ego long enough to allow the concepts given here time to sink into the fertilesoil of the soul. I highly recommend this book to those who are willing to consider the possibility of change of mind and  are able to embrace the concepts by which our offspring are practicing their own brand of parenting with their children.
0688145078|5.0|Our little boy, age 4, wanted this read many times, and he's way past the stage where he wants books read and re-read.  But this really \\"spoke to him.\\"  He loved it.  I think it really made him understand what was going to happen soon, and made him excited about becoming a big brother.  It's written at a very, very simple level, is quite brief (few pages and few words per page), and accessible to young preschoolers and toddlers.  But for purposes of introducing the topic, maybe these things are advantages; they seemed to be for our little boy.
1400079276|4.0|At one point in Kafka on the Shore, a character says, \\"Strange inexplicable events are happening one after the other. Maybe it's just a series of coincidences, but it still bothers me...\\"    \\"Maybe it's a metaphor?\\" Another character suggests.    \\"Maybe...\\" is the reply, \\"But sardines and mackarel and leeches raining down from the sky? What kind of metaphor is that?\\"    And that, my friends, pretty much sums up my first venture into the land of Murakami.     You read correctly - fish and leeches rain down from the sky. A mentally impaired old man talks to cats - and they talk back. Colonel Sanders (as in KFC) shows up not to sell chicken but to pimp a philosophy student cum hooker. Japanese school children picnicking on a hill, suddenly, inexplicably collapse, unconscious, then wake up with no memory of why and how. And there are ghosts, which appear ordinary by comparison to what goes on in the rest of the book.    All of these strange events are somehow tied with Kafka Tamura, a 15-year-old running away from his father and a curse of Oedipal proportions.     Murakami's world is a strange, dream-like, illogical one. If you like mysteries to be explained neatly and loose ends wrapped up by conclusion, you will be frustrated by Kafka on the Shore. I was never quite sure if we were going into science fiction, horror, fantasy, or the metaphysical realm. Murakami juggles all of these elements well.     Kafka on the Shore has meditative moments, but it's never plodding. If anything, I was constantly surprised. I'm still brooding, somewhat puzzled over the twists and turns in the story. \\"What kind of metaphor is that?\\" aptly explains my mood while reading this book.     Kafka on the Shore is uniquely imaginative - a wild ride worth taking.
B0019N8P2W|5.0|One of my best purchases in a long time! For the price, it is completely worth it. The video quality is superb. At times it can be a little grainy, but this is to be expected from DVDs. Even though they replaced the real music due to licensing, the stock music works very well. This box set is fantastic.
B0000DZ3EN|5.0|I'll probably be stoned for saying this, but I've never been a fan of Judy Garland's The Wizard of Oz. I don't think it's a bad movie, but the sunny, sing a long disposition and sugary tone made my teeth ache. I'm far from a \\"dark\\" person, but too much happy gets on my nerves. Return to Oz is where it's at for me. I was born 2 years after it's theatrical release, but fell in love with it at the age of 5 and consider it one of the best fantasy films ever.<br /><br />First things first, this isn't a sequel to the 1939 musical. The only things they share in common are 1) ruby slippers are used instead of the book's silver and 2) people in Oz mirror those in Kansas. That's it. Return to Oz sticks closer to L. Frank Baum's books (a mashup of The Marvelous Land of Oz and Ozma of Oz, to be exact) so the story is given a darker backdrop. No breaking out into song on this one.<br /><br />6 months after the tornado that transported Dorothy and her dog Toto to Oz, the little girl suffers from insomnia and talks incessantly about her adventures there. She becomes convinced that Billina, one of the farm hens, helped her find a key sent by her Oz friends on a shooting star. Aunt Em (as well as Uncle Henry to a lesser degree) grows concerned for her niece's sanity and takes her to see a Dr. Worley to administer electro-shock therapy to cure her of her \\"waking dreams\\", once and for all. Dorothy discovers that the hospital is really a poorly run mental institution with damaged patients locked in the basement. She's saved by a mysterious girl her own age and is transported back to Oz by way of a river during a thunderstorm. She wakes up inside a chicken coop with a talking Billina, but quickly discovers that Oz ain't what it used to be. The yellow brick road is in shambles, the Emerald City is an \\"emerald-less\\" wasteland, and all of it's residents have been turned to stone. It's up to Dorothy to set things right with the help of new friends Tik Tok (the mechanical man), Jack Pumpkinhead, and the oddly constructed Gump. Her new foes are the head collecting baddie Mombi, the freakish Wheelers, and The Gnome King who's stolen the emeralds as well as the Scarecrow.<br /><br />Fairuza Balk does a phenomenal job as Dorothy. Not only does she fit the character's age (about 9 or 10), but her Dorothy is a combination of fearful, curious, and determined to save her friends. Jean Marsh is downright creepy as the cold, unfeeling Mombi and Nicol Williamson's Gnome King is calculating and maniacal. The sets are colorful and surreal, but also lifelike. So much like Baum's original vision for Oz. The animation isn't the best out there compared to today's standards, but not too bad considering it's from the mid-80s. I wouldn't recommend the movie for kids under the age of 6 or 7 (didn't scare me at all as a 5 year old though), but anyone older should be able to handle it. So grab a snack from the lunch pail tree, avoid the Deadly Desert, and enjoy a fantasy movie that'll keep kids and adults satisfied.ddly constructed Gump. Her new foes are the head collecting baddie Mombi, the freakish Wheelers, and The Gnome King who's stolen the emeralds as well as the Scarecrow.    Fairuza Balk does a phenomenal job as Dorothy. Not only does she fit the character's age (about 9 or 10), but her Dorothy is a combination of fearful, curious, and determined to save her friends. Jean Marsh is downright creepy as the cold, unfeeling Mombi and Nicol Williamson's Gnome King is calculating and maniacal. The sets are colorful and surreal, but also lifelike. So much like Baum's original vision for Oz. The animation isn't the best out there compared to today's standards, but not too bad considering it's from the mid-80s. I wouldn't recommend the movie for kids under the age of 6 or 7 (didn't scare me at all as a 5 year old though), but anyone older should be able to handle it. So grab a snack from the lunch pail tree, avoid the Deadly Desert, and enjoy a fantasy movie that'll keep kids and adults satisfied.
B001GAPC1K|5.0|Let's face it: Robert Downey Jr. rules!!! He IS the man!!! This play on Tony Stark's role on this movie is simply perfect, and he's done better on Iron Man 2!!! It was the best hero movie on the year it was released, no doubt about it, even though some people wants to claim Dark Knight the best. I recommend it.
0446563048|5.0|1. A really cool behind the scenes, brutally candid look at one of the best brands out there - and why they're one of the best.  Culture = everything.  PS - no discounting.    2. If you're not happy when you wake up in the morning, then you need to find a new job.  No. Seriously.  You need to find a new job that you're willing to risk everything you have for (like Tony did for Zappos).  If you believe that much in what you're doing, success will follow.  PS - most 20 somethings would check out with $ 32 million in the bank, not risk it all.    3. Life is better when we focus on happiness instead of despair.  Can you imagine the science of happiness and the culture of a corporation mentioned in the same sentence?  It should be if you want to create a great company.  And great companies can only exist with great employees.    Steve Mochel  [...]
B00005JLR8|4.0|'In America' is an impressive little film about great loss and not appreciating what you have. The story is about a young Irish couple with two young daughters. The family comes to the United States to make a better life for themselves, but there is more below the surface. They can't cope with the loss of the young son who died and running away never really solves anything. The acting is very good in this film, especially the two young daughters who I felt were above and beyond most kids in these types of films.<br /><br />The parents and the neighbor who becomes their friend also give excellent performances. The story could have been a sappy mess, but turns out to be a subtle winner. I caught this on cable so I'm not sure about the DVD release but, it is definitely worth a look.
B0002F6AH0|5.0|By far, this is the best WW II documentary ever made and very historically accurate.  Many of the individuals who participated in that war were still around for interviews back in the early 70's when this documentary was made (Albert Speer for one).  Worth every penny and highly recommended.
B000X9PNOG|5.0|Any fan of Meat Loaf live will enjoy this DVD concert.  Meat sings all the hits with a few off of Bat Out of Hell III.  Great concert and what a talented performer!    I'd also recommend Bat Out of Hell Live with the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra.
B002ZG994U|5.0|I have waited a long time for this movie, and it was well worth the wait, and highly lived up to my expectations. This movie is filled with action, suspense, explosions, and comedy! It is the perfect tribute to the original classic series. Everybody did an awesome job as each of the characters. (I especially loved Sharlto Copley's performance as Howling Mad Murdock, because he was always my favorite character!)<br /><br />Eight years after Hannibal, B.A., Face, and Murdock all become an elite team and execute missions together, they are contacted by CIA Agent Lynch and tells them about the Iraqi insurgents that are in possession of counterfeit U.S. treasury plates used to manufacture currency. When Hannibal and the team steal the plates, they are set-up, and betrayed. They must come up with a plan, and prove their innocence before Colonel Lynch and Captain Sosa take them down. If you have a problem. If no one else can help, and if you can find them, I highly recommend that you hire THE A-TEAM!!!
B003F3NDP8|4.0|\\"Desperate Housewives\\" is not a brilliant television drama by any stretch of the imagination, but it's fun and I enjoy it. Season 6 has its ups and downs, and although I think many of the main storylines are rather weak, they are compensated by the overall humor of this show, which I find hysterical and is the only reason I still watch regularly. Also, this season features Drea de Matteo as the new \\"mysterious neighbor\\" on Wisteria Lane. I loved Drea on \\"The Sopranos\\" and thought she added a lot to this series as well.<br /><br />I didn't think the cliffhanger was that exciting this season, especially compared to years past, but I still will be tuning in when \\"Desperate Housewives\\" returns in the fall.
B003NJPOAQ|3.0|I have been a Jack Johnson fan since he was just a good surfer who was great at selecting tunes for his soundtracks. I must say that this is the first album he has released that has really disappointed me.  I keep hoping that it is going to grow on me, kind of like how Sleep Through the Static did after getting more accustomed to Johnson's electric guitar playing, but have just not been able to get into it.  This album really feels like a compilation of the rare tracks that I would skip on his previous albums.      Overall, this album is OK at best, 2.5 stars.  I think the title should have been, Stranded in the Sea: Rarities, B-Sides, and Other Songs that Were Not Good Enough for My Previous Albums.  I just cannot understand where Jack was at on this one.  If you are looking to buy a good Jack Johnson album, just buy any of his previous albums, including the surfing soundtracks, and you will happy with your purchase.
0802714544|5.0|I read Secret Pilgrim a few years ago, and after spending most of my afghan deployment reading Clancy, I decided to shelve him for a bit and return to Le Carre. When I received it in the mail, I was surprised how short it was (the edition I read was only 112 pages), and yet The Spy Who Came In From The Cold hooked me from the very beginning and didn't let go until the very end. The characters are real and believable - ironically I felt the most empathy for Liz Gold and Fiedler...the two main communists. The supposed \\"good guys\\" are son of a bitch bastards (Leamus, Mundt), who I found myself rooting AGAINST until the very end. Even then, they aren't good people. Nature of the game, I guess...     Set in Berlin in the early 1960s when the Wall was first constructed, LeCarre paints a beautiful portrait of the turmultous city at the height of the Cold War. The suspense didn't cease from the opening word to the final one. The ending was an ending, not a drawn out epilogue of events. Short, and to the point.    In summary: Read this book. You won't be disappointed.
B0007MAO0M|5.0|This is the best western and it was fast and easy from the time that I ordered it to getting.  I can't say the enough about how easy it was. I ordered it over the weekend and before I knew it I had it in my hands.  GREAT !!!  :D
0765348276|5.0|...and hit gold. the cover art is what grabbed my attention, as did the title (what the hell could an Old Man's War be?). So I flipped it over and started reading the summary - and yes it sounded like Heinlen. A lot. Started reading it...and from the first (unforgettable) line I was done in 12 hours. Not only that, I got my platoon hooked on Scalzi. I will not spoil anything - but theres action, adventure, it's hilarious, awe inspiring, all at once. Yes, it is a classic. And Ghost Brigades and Last Colony are perfect sequels. Have yet to read Zoe, but I will.    Read This Book
0521675804|5.0|I am English teacher in Brazil. I always recommend the books \\"Grammar in Use\\" for my students because the books are clean, clear, short, and essential for those students who intend to improve their English quickly. The book does help you to write well. When I have a doubt concerning grammar or English usage, I know I can get the answer reading that grammar.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|My younger two teenagers ventured to the theater to see Avatar on the big screen. I personally decided to wait for it to be released on DVD and when I was finally able to sit down and watch the movie for the first time, well to say I was awestruck is putting it mildly. This movie is vividly and magically amazing. James Cameron's outstanding and creative imagination was brought to film for all to see and experience. I highly recommend any that has not seen this incredible film, take the time and witness the future of amazing film making at it's best.  Darcy Loomis
B001HN694K|4.0|I went into seeing this movie with very low expectations. Johnny Depp isn't my favorite (honestly, I don't get all the hype around him) and Tim Burton is usually a bit too weird for me.<br /><br />Having said that, I loved this film! The graphics were awesome, the characters wonderfully quirky. I loved Anne Hathaway as the white queen and the rest of the cast was great, too.<br /><br />Favorite scene: the tea party! I giggled and laughed all through that, starting when the Hatter walks the length of the table and breaks all the cups.
0553381687|2.0|If you are thinking about purchasing this book, you should know two things. First, as the first book of a series, it is spectacular. Second, it's the first book of a series that is unlikely to be finished. For the past ten years, Martin has been writing about a five year period of the story he never intended to write about. Originally the series had a five year time gap between books three and four. In that time he has published one book, containing half the characters and covering about two years of the gap. Five years later we are waiting for the other half of the characters contained in ADWD, a book that was half complete five years ago.<br /><br />If you don't mind unfinished stories, by all means read this book. However, I recommend keeping this on the to read list until the series is finished.
0307460444|5.0|The book is very good with thousands of delicious recipes and hints to make cupcakes...
B002ZG99CC|4.0|If a movie ever cried out for a remake, it has to be SON OF THE MASK because that movie was so bloody awful a remake could only improve it. So, of course, instead what we get is a remake of a boyhood classic that didn't need remaking. But here comes the 180 swerve. I saw this new KARATE KID flick in the theater, and maybe it's because I saw it with an audience that surprisingly cheered and applauded quite a bit, but I came out actually liking it. Oh, there are still quibbles. But now my feathers aren't quite so ruffled.<br /><br />What's the shelf life on that joke that this one should've been titled THE KUNG FU KID? There's this age-old rule of thumb (that I just made up) that if you were a foreign kid newly arrived to China, and a stranger to the local language, and then if your Chinese classmates bully you, chances are you'll simply have to take the beatings. Because wrestling these guys to the ground and retaliating with meaningful noogies ain't gonna cut it. Everyone in China knows kung fu, says the rumor. And if you're a 12-year-old American kid recently relocated from Detroit, you probably shouldn't have been macking on the head bully's girl anyway.<br /><br />From his first day in Beijing onwards, it's been a sackful of unhappy for young Dre Parker. He right away gets on the bad side of Cheng, the local school toughie and, by the way, formidably adept at martial arts. Cheng seems to really relish pounding on Dre, who puts up a front but, really, he's defenseless. Cheng's venom serves to build the tension and also make Dre a sympathetic character. And then Dre gets an unlikely assist from his apartment building's withdrawn maintenance man, Mr. Han. If you've seen the original then you know where this is going. Mr. Han tells Dre, &#34;I will teach you real kung fu.&#34; He then proceeds to instruct Dre to take his jacket on and off and on and off and on and off. Part of it is teaching Dre respect. Part of it, of course, is Mr. Han instilling rudimentary skills within his pupil. You get your usual montage bits as Mr. Han prepares Dre for the upcoming kung fu tournament, where Cheng awaits.<br /><br />Jaden Smith has got his old man's swagger down pat. And he's pretty expressive in those dramatic moments. And unlike Ralph Macchio he actually is the age he's portraying. Macchio was in his 20s playing a high school kid. I doubt that Jaden performs the more dazzling martial arts moves his character unveils late in the film, but even the stuff leading up to it demonstrates how hard the kid worked. One of my favorite moments with Jaden actually takes place outside of kung fu. It's a scene in which he makes a lengthy apology in Chinese. Good stuff, and tough to learn. I wish the film had shown even more scenes in which the Parkers were adapting culturally.<br /><br />Meantime, I can't honestly say that Jackie Chan's performance equaled that of Pat Morita's in terms of charisma and gravitas. What we do see is a Jackie Chan that's far removed from his usual comical mugging. As Mr. Han, Jackie affects this reclusive demeanor and a weary bandy-legged gait, and in our normal world, this shambling figure would be the last person we'd attribute with profound martial arts skills... except that, of course, by now we're so used to kung fu movie cliches that, actually, this old guy IS someone we'd suspect of being a master. Here, Jackie is very effective when he's just this still presence. The car scene (you'll know which one) may be just a bit smaltsy, though. That bit with Mr. Han rebuilding a car in his living room may or may not feel contrived. Still, Chan and Smith make their surrogate father-son thing work.<br /><br />This isn't a short movie. Heaps of the running time seem devoted to touristy shots of Beijing and other sundry famous landscapes, and the cinematography deftly captures the stunning vistas. Predictably, plenty of themes from the original film crop up. On a down note, we get the hokey cruel martial arts master. We even get deja vus on the crane position and the &#34;sweep the leg&#34; moment. But the fight choreography is really dynamic, especially during the kung fu tournament. And that's one of my quibbles, that this western kid with no former experience could so shortly achieve such a prodigious level, especially for someone whose sole skill in the kung fu department going into his training was that he was athletic. But I guess that's where the suspension of disbelief comes in. Sadly, but maybe for the best - because the sense here is that this is more Jaden's movie - Jackie Chan only gets one scene to strut his stuff, which is early on when he fends off the gang of bullies beating up on Dre.<br /><br />If you linger during the closing credits, you won't get Jackie's traditional blooper/stunt reel, but you can hear that song &#34;Never Say Never&#34; where Jaden Smith is the featured rapper. Little guy really is following his father's footsteps. But, just like that this movie doesn't quite top the original, the kid isn't quite up there with the likes of the Fresh Prince. But give him time. He's only twelve.et deja vus on the crane position and the &#34;sweep the leg&#34; moment. But the fight choreography is really dynamic, especially during the kung fu tournament. And that's one of my quibbles, that this western kid with no former experience could so shortly achieve such a prodigious level, especially for someone whose sole skill in the kung fu department going into his training was that he was athletic. But I guess that's where the suspension of disbelief comes in. Sadly, but maybe for the best - because the sense here is that this is more Jaden's movie - Jackie Chan only gets one scene to strut his stuff, which is early on when he fends off the gang of bullies beating up on Dre.<br /><br />If you linger during the closing credits, you won't get Jackie's traditional blooper/stunt reel, but you can hear that song &#34;Never Say Never&#34; where Jaden Smith is the featured rapper. Little guy really is following his father's footsteps. But, just like that this movie doesn't quite top the original, the kid isn't quite up there with the likes of the Fresh Prince. But give him time. He's only twelve.
0525423842|2.0|There are many established authors out there who would like to duplicate the overwhelming success of JK Rowling in the Young Adult (YA) book market. John Grisham is one of those authors, but does not have any idea of how to do it. This YA novel has many of Grisham's trademarks: small town setting, benign, righteous lawyers, lots of legalese, appealing protagonist. Grisham packs this novel with so many subplots and minor characters that the central thread of the story gets tangled up so tightly that it never unravels. The readers are left hanging by that tangled thread with no resolution to the crime. There are a couple of sinister characters who suddenly fade away, or, in the case of one, scampers away (Omar Cheepe on page 260). By the way, Theo, the thirteen-year-old hero also scampers away on page 263. Just as the story reaches a suspenseful, tension-packed point, Grisham scampers away from the story leaving many unanswered questions. Kids don't like unanswered questions and shouldn't have to buy a sequel in order to find out what happens to the bad guy.
B000002L5I|5.0|I had no idea this guy was so young...or that he looks like that...long blonde hair...who'da thunk it!?!<br /><br />I really love his voice...Blue on Black...wow. Great song. I'm not really into blues...I actually really like heavy metal, rock, and progressive heavy rock (also known as screamo). But, man, his voice is really irresistable. Deep, smooth, and rich...capturing different emotions with perfection and ease!<br /><br />I don't own this CD...yet. I downloaded Blue on Black until I can buy the whole thing, but I really think he's incredible...and this is coming from a metal junkie...so if a blues guy is amazing to the ears of a a7x/metallica fan...you know the vocals have to be amazing!
0061998494|5.0|http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0061998494/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title    Altho this is not a very long book, it is very entertaining and informative on Craig Ferguson's life and desire to be an American.  I recommend this to fellow Late Late Show enthusiasts. He is witty and tells way more than expected, about his life. I also enjoyed his pictures.
0316044938|5.0|I was told to buy this book by a friend having no idea about the story. I trusted my friend and did not bother to research reviews.  I was both horrified by the content but the beauty of the writing and the story made it such a worthwhile read. I have given it to my husband to read and when he is finished, I will keep passing it on.
B001NEK2GE|4.0|Well, i'm a gammer, a wow gamer, and i find that the g13 is a fine tool for these games, it's comfortable enough that i can go on for hours without feeling any kind of discomfort.  and really the only issue i have with it it's the lack of resources like media control ones, for those times you want to play/pause a song, or Ff/Rw it, without changing your apps.
B00005JPS8|5.0|I'm not a follower of comic books so found the Special Features section very informative and entertaining, adding to the enjoyment of this fine movie.
B00275EHJG|5.0|I went to the San Francisco Film Festival screening at Pixar Studios last night not really knowing what to expect. Toy Story has been with us for 15 years now (20, in terms of actual development) and I had a sinking feeling that maybe all the character potential had been used in the first two and this was some shameless plot by Disney to exploit the franchise (\\"Little Mermaid 3\\", anyone?). Well, shame on me for underestimating the capabilities of Pixar, who once again have shown how a small studio in Emeryville is a storytelling powerhouse that leaves the rest of the industry in the dust.<br /><br />Toy Story 3 is the tale of Andy, the toys' owner, going to college and their quest to determine their future - headed between the attic or a daycare center. If you've enjoyed the way the first two films blend character drama with innovative action and humor, this cocktail hits its stride in the third film, which draws on everything we already know about the characters and then adds two new entire sets of toys to the plot. There's a new villain, two very amusing romance sub-plots and a litany of visual gags that push the envelope even further. I'm not allowed to go into any details but the second half of the film is a familiar set piece performed in a completely new way that will forever change your view of certain toys and day care centers.<br /><br />Apart from a level of animation that sets the bar in the industry and an attention to detail that makes you wonder what most \\"real\\" films actually do in pre-production, the real genius of the third film is to provide a satisfying conclusion that gives every character a completed character arc. About 20 minutes before the end, I was wondering how they would do this since there were some fairly dark moments (similar to those in Wall-E and Up), but naturally they manage to pull it together. There's literally not a single wasted shot, let alone a wasted scene, and the pace quickens throughout to keep the tension mounting.<br /><br />Overall, this is another Pixar classic that easily has enough for both kids and adults (and movie aficionados). It's not difficult to see why each of their movies takes five years to complete - yet despite the technical wizardry, the success of their movies is fundamentally routed in their stories, a fact which most other studios seem to forget these days. As to whether the stage is set for Toy Story 4, I suppose they could always pull it off given the creativity at work here, but I think there was a deliberate attempt to make this the last in the series.nother Pixar classic that easily has enough for both kids and adults (and movie aficionados). It's not difficult to see why each of their movies takes five years to complete - yet despite the technical wizardry, the success of their movies is fundamentally routed in their stories, a fact which most other studios seem to forget these days. As to whether the stage is set for Toy Story 4, I suppose they could always pull it off given the creativity at work here, but I think there was a deliberate attempt to make this the last in the series.
B00000G6NG|4.0|I think it should be pointed out that the double Intercord CD-set has 11 tracks. Which means both the I.R.S and Capo are truncated.  I have a CD of this made in England (Demon Records.Fiend CD 120 ) that has 10 songs and it is the same line up as the two vinyl albums. I don't think of it as truncated. I have the Intercord 2-disc set and the 11th song is a 35 second song called \\"Maritime\\" that slowly fades in and out. I also have the Japanese RCA/BMG issue  that has the \\"Maritime\\" song but leaves off the 8 minute \\"Just A Little Bit\\", so it is truncated.
B002VKE0XA|5.0|I'm sure most of us have heard the term \\"less is more.\\" Alfred Hitchcock helped bring this term to fruition by keeping the forces of evil hidden from us, but obviously with us, near us, and trying desperately to get in.<br /><br />First time writer/director and renaissance film-make Oren Peli took the \\"less is more\\" to heart and decided to do his own version of a [[ASIN:B00001QGUM Blair Witch Project]], but with much greater success in my book.<br /><br />I am not an easily spooked guy. And I've seen my share of horror films that did absolutely nothing for me. Although some of them I still love, they didn't give me goosebumps. One of my favorites, [[ASIN:B000QQJ3Q0 Invasion of the Body Snatchers]] (1956), was creepy and it made me think, but it never made me jump in my seat. The same could not be said for PARANORMAL ACTIVITY. It is, without a doubt, a true minimalist horror film that strikes at the heart of our pysche. And when I say \\"minimalist\\", I mean minimal. Made for roughly $15,000, it's first week out in theaters it grossed over $9 million. I can't even imagine how many tens-of-millions its made now that its out on DVD. Peli took the minimalist approach on time, too, as the entire film runs only 86 minutes. And they filmed it all in ten days. And in Peli's own house!<br /><br />The best thing about the film is that it gradually builds tension, never letting us in on what it is that's stalking Katie. This unknown is frustratingly freakish, and we can really feel the stress Katie and her boyfriend Micah are under as they lose sleep, hear doors slam, see footprints appear out of nowhere, and helplessly watch as more and more \\"things\\" begin happening to them.<br /><br />Those who hate the handheld camera movements of The Blair Witch Project and [[ASIN:B0014Z4OQG Cloverfield]], will want to avoid this one, as it, too, uses a handheld. But if you love to feel your heart beat faster, your breathing speed up, and to cover your eyes when you know something really bad is about to happen, then by all means please watch this.<br /><br />I heard rumor that a sequel is in the making. Hmm. Let's hope they don't ruin a good thing by trying to make a big budget block-buster with M. Night.<br /><br />Let the shrieking commence...l means please watch this.     I heard rumor that a sequel is in the making. Hmm. Let's hope they don't ruin a good thing by trying to make a big budget block-buster with M. Night.    Let the shrieking commence...
B0000A118M|5.0|John Coltrane's \\"A Love Supreme\\" is one of the best jazz albums, and one of the best albums of the 20th century for a few good reasons: The biggest is the fact that this album is music in its purest and most honest form; Music is an expression of emotions, a personal outlet to display to the world. Happiness, sadness, joy, anger, frustration, confusion, silliness, love, excitement...all of these things can be embodied. And John Coltrane and the rest of these amazing musicians do just that on this album. They create a mystical, surreal experience of pure emotions that take you in an amazing trip.    Everything from the piano to the drumming, the bass guitar to Coltrane's saxophone, all make this an experience beyond words. The musicianship is amazing, the songwriting is well-developed and professional, and the atmosphere is constantly mystifying. From the opening note, we are taken into a world of the surreal, a world of love, a summery sunset of some otherworldly afterglow only reachable through music. And John Coltrane is one of the greatest tenor saxophonists, as well! His playing is very intricate, honest and emotional, he's a very accomplished musician and he knows how to play to make even the most extended solo interesting. As a musician myself, I take this as inspiration to expand my own musical horizons and musical skills. The way he formulates the progression of notes, the way he releases some, waits, then continues on, is something only so many great musicians can do.    So, in short, \\"A Love Supreme\\" is indeed a supreme output of music. This is music in its purest form, extremely enjoyable, and the sort of album you can love forever. Very highly recommended. Thanks for the time, and peace.
B002UXRGM0|5.0|This is another stunning series from the BBC's natural history unit. Like Planet Earth before it, it captures some of the best natural footage ever recorded. Some of the HD sequences are so stunning I would not be surprised if this is another title that sells entire home theater systems.<br /><br />Set up like Planet earth each episode has a theme, and the first episode serves as an overview of the series (the clips will be repeated in later episodes, which is a little annoying which you get the strong feeling of de ja vu). Much of the footage is as good as Planet Earth, but you don't feel like you are watching planet earth over again. Every episode has several clips that will glue you to the screen. They are nature like you have never seen it before. The cameras slow down the action and it becomes so crisp, so clear, and the sound is so vibrant you almost hold your breath.<br /><br />All that said, as good as this series is, it is not $60-70 good. I purchased it from another retailer for $30.00 and after watching it would have not spent more than $40.00 on it.
B000WQ9UA8|4.0|A surprisingly good comeback album from the self proclaimed queen of pop.  After all her alcohol and drug fueled antics, she somehow managed to find someone to help her produce some appropriate music which appeals to a broader segment of potential listeners. Several of the songs describe the nuttiness that was her life at recording time.  We all knew she'd flip out eventually, but after every fall, comes the climb back, and she definitely climbed back into her game.  Of course, Circus is her REAL comeback album, but this one set the stage for the return of Brit's sanity and credibility.   Welcome back, Britney.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I started this dvd being a person who never exercised and a lot of weight to get off. It is great for beginners. It will not be easy if you arent used to exercising but keep with it and you will see results. I spent about 3 weeks on each level until I was ready to move to the next. I noticed great results and seeing my muscles kept me encouraged to keep with it. I did have some knee pain but just wrapped them and kept with it because I am guessing it was from all the weight I carried around. But the knee pain got better with time. I dropped 2 sizes after doing this dvd and moving on to my next dvd.
0061849901|4.0|The reason i read this book is because i had to pick a bk for a book report for a psych class and i read really good reviews about it so i thought why not.  It did seem to take a little time to pick up pace but was still very good and interesting.  I loved how the author was able to tell the story, she truely did a good job of that.  What this bk definitely does an awesome job of is letting people see through the eyes of someone facing major depression.  It blew me away and can't ever imagine having to deal with it.
B0026KX68A|5.0|Do you condemn a painting because you don't like what it portrays, or do you judge it by its artistic merits? The same with this movie, people have a hard time overcoming the comic book feel when it was obviously intended all throughout the movie, instead they took every attempt at feeling like a comic book as being a sign of a bad movie. It's no different than saying a painting of a ship in sea being killed by a raging lightning storm is bad, badness being correlated to the amount of waves and lightning bolts and ominous clouds. No, dum dum, you judge the painting by how well it was done, and you judge the movie by how well it achieved what it set out to achieve. Excellent music too.
030726999X|5.0|\\"I traverse the way of righteousness,<br />  In the midst of the paths of justice,\\" -- Proverbs 8:20<br /><br />I assume that you know there are two earlier books in this trilogy, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and The Girl Who Played with Fire. If you didn't know that, read those books first.<br /><br />The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest deals with the consequences of the violent episode at the end of The Girl Who Played with Fire where Lisbeth Salander meets her father and brother. While that battle within the family would normally play itself out among those three, modern society isn't likely to permit that. Too many other agendas need to be served. This book recounts how those who want to take advantage of the situation face off against those who want to see justice done.<br /><br />Along the way, you'll find yourself thinking long and hard about what doing justice means to someone who has been dealt as bad a hand by her family and government as Lisbeth Salander has been. Stieg Larsson clearly has that purpose in mind as he develops a resolution that's as much social commentary as it is a suspense story.<br /><br />Lisbeth will continue to amaze you.<br /><br />I found that story to be very intricate and complex. You may have to remind yourself from the earlier books who some of the characters are. Although it was rewarding in the end, a simpler, shorter story would have worked better for me. This book came across as though it could have used more structural editing, excising major plot lines.<br /><br />Hang on the end and you'll be glad you did. Stieg Larsson's monumental work of imagination will leave you wishing he were around to write a fourth book in the series. Perhaps someone else will be asked to do so. I hate the thought of not reading about Lisbeth Salander as a character in new stories.<br /><br />Great series! I must admit, though, that this was by far my least favorite of the three books. Don't get your hopes up too high.
B00005S6K8|4.0|A fun, silly, no-big-message movie intended to be purely entertainment. I guess if you dig deep you'll find some hidden sociological meanings to the movie but forget it and just enjoy it.  I like the remake more than the original for once.  Harrison Ford seems more appropriate than Humphrey Bogart (altho I know that's blasphemous).
B00005JKHP|5.0|I enjoyed this special director's cut of Star Trek The Motion Picture very much.  I enjoyed this movie when it first came out in theatres.  The difference is in the extended footage and the updated and modified special effects.  This movie helped Star Trek transition from TV to motion picture.  I really appreciate the depth that the cast and crew went to to make the transition from TV to motion picture as well as bridging the time of the TV series and the future of Kirk/Starfleet.  This motion picture moves slowly but is filled with great detail and artistry.  The speed at which the plot unfolds can be understood from the viewpoint of action-junkies or it can be understood from the viewpoint of the characters and film environment and Trekkers.  From the viewpoint of action-junkies the film could be seen as ponderously slow and boring in its details and deep philosophical allegory.  From the viewpoint of an artist, craftsperson, or hardcore Trekker this movie could be seen as a masterpiece of artistry and detail in letting us experience the many transitions of the characters and technologies and organizations from their past to the present of the motion picture.  One area of the movie that seems to just slowly crawl by with no real point is the USS Enterprise exploring the exterior of V'Ger.  However, I believe that the length of time spent in this section of the movie helps us to realize just how massive V'Ger actually is.  The time spent on character development (Kirk and Spock, mainly, McCoy as well) is also necessary to lay the foundation for how they will work together throughout the length of the movie.  The movie would not have worked if we had just jumped back into the same-old, same-old character routines of the Star Trek TV series without acknowledging that people and organizations and technologies change.  If you are an action-junkie, you might think twice about purchasing this movie.  However, if you are interested in Star Trek and its development, this movie (the Director's Cut with updated special effects) is a must-buy.  This version of the film is an excellent choice to purchase as it lays the groundwork for future films, franchise development, and the many-faceted transitions for character and universe of Star Trek.  I highly recommend this version of this movie.ovie (the Director's Cut with updated special effects) is a must-buy.  This version of the film is an excellent choice to purchase as it lays the groundwork for future films, franchise development, and the many-faceted transitions for character and universe of Star Trek.  I highly recommend this version of this movie.
B0030L16TK|3.0|A nice movie, and a good 'sit-and-watch'. Fun at times, and boring at others. Loved Jack Haley's part(hope I spelled that right). He carried the picture for me, and made it worth the purchase-at the right price. Just a note: an 'Adult Oriented' Video. Not characters for the 'kiddies'.
0525950079|5.0|I have just finished listening to John Lee's reading of World Without End.  I have been listening to audio-books for nearly 15 years, and I must say that Mr. Lee's interpretation is outstanding.  There were several times I laughed out loud in the car thanks to the enthusiasm and vocal variations Mr. Lee employed.  There are 36 discs in the unabridged reading of the novel, and it took me seven weeks to listen to it all in my commutes to and from work, but I never tired of the story; rather, I looked forward to Mr. Follett's story via Lee's superb vocal abilities.  Highly recommended.  [[ASIN:B000XG5J0M World Without End [UNABRIDGED CD] (Audiobook)]]
0385528752|4.0|I really like the Elephant metaphore used in the book. I have tried it out on people, and it is comprehended immediately and easy to remember. However, the book is not so strong on how to implement change in real life. The anecdotes shows some good examples, but from there to implementation is quite a distance. Else, I see many similariries in thinking with the [[ASIN:007148499X Influencer: The Power to Change Anything]], and I find their concept more practical to use as a guide for implementation.
0790729628|4.0|Breathtaking movie. A monumental achievement. Hard to believe that the special effects still look good even in 2010. Back when it first came out, this movie must of blew movie-goers off their seats. The only draw back is...i bought the directors cut. And on this version the \\"original\\" ending is cut out. I was somewhat disappointed when it came to the end of the movie and i saw that it was out. Matter of fact i wanted to exchange the directors cut for the film version that left the original ending intact. The film lost some of its critical beauty when they took out the original ending. It was a hard, cold, callous ending instead.
0307454541|2.0|I have bought a number of books based on glowing reviews from sources like the Times and the Post that have turned out to be duds, and this is one of them. The book is, quite simply, boring. There are good reasons for this: the plot is predictable and hackneyed, there is a mass of tedious detail, and the characters are, except for The Girl, people you'd die of boredom and/or nausea  if  you had to sit next to on a long flight: cliched, self-involved, lackluster, mediocre, shallow... quite simply, uninteresting.<br /><br />The character of the (brilliant, alienated, Aspberger's) Girl has some freshness, but she (despite her formulaic flaws) is almost too competent to be realistic/human. And the male lead (the book's true protagonist, whom the Girl ends up falling for, for no reason the author gives, either overtly or covertly) is a dud. A journalist of limited talent, middling intellect, and flexible morality, he has no  personal characteristics or abilities that justify his status as the major character; he is a multiple adulterer incapable of intimate relationships; in reverie, a deeply boring mind; he has no qualities that would explain anyone's attraction to him, much less that of the eccentric, brilliant, alientated, scarred Girl. Sometimes a character is designed to be boring deliberately for a specific authorial effect, but here we get the feeling this is not deliberate; the character is, simply, just a failure as an authorial creation.<br /><br />The fact that the Girl IS attracted to this schlub is a major authorial flaw, because it simply makes no sense. But there are many other weaknesses: the \\"mystery\\" of the book turns out to be the old chestnut of a rich family's incest, sadomasochism, etc. The villain is just one more of the (apparantly innumerable) serial killers that populate modern mysteries. (I have done some calculations and have determined that the number of media serial killers in the twenty years, since the originial, brilliant, Silence of the Lambs, is larger than the number of documented sk's in the entire history of true crime.) The author even reverts to the old cliche of \\"the cigarette\\" as a device to insert pauses in dialogue, a practice abandoned in the nineties in the US. He is so desperate that his protagonist, having given up smoking, has to start again just to help the dialogue limp along.<br /><br />Part of the book's attraction is its foreign setting. There is a niche for this kind of story, which can open up unexpected, fascinating vistas to us insular Americans: Gorky Park and Bangkok 8 come to mind. But this is  scandanavia, a region that has produced nothing of cultural significance throughout its history. (Unless you count the Vikings, whose only contribution to western civilzation was rape, destruction, and murder. And Nobel's invention of dynamite and smokeless gunpowder, which allowed more efficient means of mass murder.) Although they did have some great quantum physicists.ger than the number of documented sk's in the entire history of true crime.) The author even reverts to the old cliche of \\"the cigarette\\" as a device to insert pauses in dialogue, a practice abandoned in the nineties in the US. He is so desperate that his protagonist, having given up smoking, has to start again just to help the dialogue limp along.     Part of the book's attraction is its foreign setting. There is a niche for this kind of story, which can open up unexpected, fascinating vistas to us insular Americans: Gorky Park and Bangkok 8 come to mind. But this is  scandanavia, a region that has produced nothing of cultural significance throughout its history. (Unless you count the Vikings, whose only contribution to western civilzation was rape, destruction, and murder. And Nobel's invention of dynamite and smokeless gunpowder, which allowed more efficient means of mass murder.) Although they did have some great quantum physicists.
0757307272|5.0|As an unofficial \\"success coach,\\" I've been recommending Jack's books left and right since I bought them. I've also been lending out my own copies (adult and teen versions). Highly positive comments abound!
0385334206|2.0|Breakfast of Champions is the first Kurt Vonnegut I've read.  I hate to say it but I was not too impressed.  I was hoping for a book that would be challenging.  What I got was a book that used infantile humor in the guise of satire to try to impress the reader on just how clever the author is.  If he has a main point, it seems to be that we are all empowered individuals and that all others are there to act as robots to interfere/interface with our lives.  This viewpoint is just too cynical and cold for this reader.  I very much doubt hat I will be reading any other of Vonnegut's works.
B001QEJQY0|5.0|Although the music on these CDs does not give us anything new (it has appeared on numerous CDs before), if you are a Corelli fan, you might want to add this package to your collection. There are many \\"experts\\" claiming that Corelli's singing is not polished, is coarse, is not stylish, etc. etc. But in my humble opinion there has not been a tenor ever whose voice can make you so much shiver deep inside. Not only by the apparent ease of throwing high Cs at you, but also for instance when his voice fades away very softly at the end of \\"Celeste Aida\\" while not dropping a fraction of the high note. See him perform (unfortunately not many \\"live\\" performances), but for instance his appearance in Japan shows the outward ease of his singing from low to high and loud to soft, without seeing any efforts on his face. Compare that with other tenors, also the great Pavarotti and even Domingo, and I do not need to say anything more.
B000AYEL6U|5.0|Great performance of all the actors involved.  My wife and I love watching it together.  Brilliant story - that's key with any movie.  This film is the best kept secret out there.
B0039TD826|5.0|I have just listened to the new 2010 Remaster of \\"exile\\". I purchased the single Disc version. I am not interested in bonus tracks-Exile is a state of mind that consists of 18 Tracks that make up the whole.<br />I have listened to the bonus tracks on youtube and that's where they shall stay. They were left off the album because they're not up to it.<br /><br />Now the Remaster. i have been reading reviews for the last month carefully taking note of what the consensus is to the Remastering debate.<br /><br /> ( i bought the Beatles MONO box) because i wanted the true sound of what the Beatles put together,so i know the compression situation.<br /><br />All i will say is that on my Stereo System the new Remaster sounds Fantastic. Now it really sounds like Nelcotte-The sweat the dirt the Heat & the vibe are all clearer.<br /><br /> I am there. I also have the 94 Virgin release which i also love.<br /><br />Let me say one thing that i suggest people look at.....My Speakers are mounted off the wall on mounts, clearing them from floor clutter and vibrations. I also have polished wooden floors so my Sound System is now much Brighter and more responsive to all recordings.<br /><br />People on here talk of Harshness and ear fatigue...i didn't get that. I just heard Exile on Main St with improved separation and a bit more punch in the bottom end.<br /><br />Listen to charlie's snare drum on \\"Sweet Virginia\\" that is so dirty, so nelcotte! I have never heard a snare like it.<br /><br />This new remaster puts the album into the 21st Century, so hopefully younger people will hear it and go \\"Yes this is great\\"<br /><br />I first bought this album in 1974 as an 11 year old, so i know it like Family!<br /><br />This new Remaster allows me to hear more of the dirt & sweat of the original. That cannot be a bad thing.<br /><br />Another Fact to Remember...The original Master recording completed in 1972 has been lost for a long time...The 94 Virgin Remaster was aligned with Original japanese Vinyl copies that Don Was and the Glimmers advertised for in Music Magazines. They did a great job in 94..The original 80's CD was very average.<br /><br />Casino Boogie is one of the Best Rock Songs ever recorded, pity the stones never played it live when Mick Taylor was there.<br /><br />During the next few months i will play both the 2010 remaster & the 94 to compare them. if i hear anything of interest i will add it to this review.<br /><br />But to me as a Massive Stones fan up to and including Tattoo You i think this new Remaster is Fantastic. It punches just the way Dirty Rock n Roll should.<br /><br />Now i wait for the full DVD of \\"Stones in Exile\\" and the \\"Ladies & Gentlemen\\" 1972 Concert.d a great job in 94..The original 80's CD was very average.    Casino Boogie is one of the Best Rock Songs ever recorded, pity the stones never played it live when Mick Taylor was there.    During the next few months i will play both the 2010 remaster & the 94 to compare them. if i hear anything of interest i will add it to this review.    But to me as a Massive Stones fan up to and including Tattoo You i think this new Remaster is Fantastic. It punches just the way Dirty Rock n Roll should.    Now i wait for the full DVD of \\"Stones in Exile\\" and the \\"Ladies & Gentlemen\\" 1972 Concert.
B003I6473E|5.0|Christina is the singer of her generation and beyond looking gorgeous with ehcos of Monroe while possessing a stunning voice of remarkable range & power...thrilling live performances from various tv appearances featuring material from \\"Bionic\\" are red-hot and inspired & this tremendous collection contains a wide variety of musical gems that will be enjoyed by music lovers of all ages for years to come.  Proof of the great scope of \\"Bionic\\" will come in form of a mind-blowing concert tour that will afford opportunity to catch this great performing artist who also happens to be an amazing songwriter at her peak doing those awesome ballads along with off the track wild rhythm rockers!  Bravo Christina, you really did it this time...
B002A9IZ9C|5.0|After deciding I need a flash for my 50D, I decided on the Speedlite 430EX II.  However, I decided to do some research first and I'm glad I did.  I'm semi-pro and I'm still learning about lighting, but I've been very surprised by this Nissin.  The LCD screen is very easy to use and the operation is great.  The swivel and tilt are solid and the unit feels very sturdy.  It is a little loud when charging, but no big deal to me.  I don't even notice it now.  I would prefer a metal hot shoe mount, but the construction of this is still very solid.    I've played with a friends 430EX II and to me, the Di866 out performs it.  Plus, for the price, you're getting a flash that many compare to the 580EX II.  Can't beat it in my opinion.
B001HN69AY|1.0|I wanted to like this.<br /><br />I've been a fan of Gilliam's for years. I love this work on Python, and Twelve Monkeys is one of my favorite films. I even loved Baron Muchausen. So I was prepared for weird. Absurd. Outlandish.<br /><br />I've also been an avid fan and ardent mourner of Heath Ledger. I knew the challenges presented to the director trying to film around scenes that were already shot and could never be added to. The death of Ledger left an absence in the screen that would be hard to correct.<br /><br />What I was not prepared for was a film so disjointed, so incoherent, it scarcely had a plot.<br /><br />The CGI was so terrible - particularly in the scene where Valentina is running through broken glass. I've seen better graphics in a SyFy movie.<br /><br />And the Devil? I don't even know wha to make of him. I'm not sure what happened in the end, and I'm sure I was supposed to be pulling for Anton, but I could care less.<br /><br />That's the problem too. There was no character development whatsoever. I never cared about any of them. Not even Heath Ledger or Christopher Plummer, who I have a strong affinity for no matter what they do. To make me disinterested in the final performance of Heath, in the final images I'll ever see of him on screen, is quite a feat indeed, yet Gilliam managed to accomplish that.<br /><br />On top of that, the character of Tony written for Heath does not seem to be the same character written for Colin Farrell. This is not discredit Colin Farrell. I feel like he did a good job with what he had, the way most of the actors seemed to do - they just had nothing to work with. Heath's version of Tony seemed to be a bit... iffy. He was clearly a con man, but he also seemed to have some redeeming qualities. Colin's character seemed random and distracted and vaguely maniacal. He also apparently sold starving kids to have their organs harvested.<br /><br />Some of the film did have beautiful costume direction, and the sets - when they were sets and not cartoonishy CGI - were lovely. In a few abstracted moments, the genius behind Gilliam did show through - but most of that is already shown in previews. Watch a trailer and you'll see the best the film has to offer.<br /><br />Johnny Depp and Jude Law - who are normally captivating - gave forgettable and unnecessary performances. They truly did not add anything to the film nor did they need to be in it. However, I applaud them for giving their salary to Matilda Ledger.<br /><br />I ordered the film On Demand tonight, and I planned on buying it anyway, because even if I didn't like it, I felt like I ought to own the last film Heath Ledger was in it. I will not be buying this film.<br /><br />In fact, I felt like its a disservice to his memory. It's unfair to put his name on this piece of garbage and have this be the last thing people remember him for.abstracted moments, the genius behind Gilliam did show through - but most of that is already shown in previews. Watch a trailer and you'll see the best the film has to offer.    Johnny Depp and Jude Law - who are normally captivating - gave forgettable and unnecessary performances. They truly did not add anything to the film nor did they need to be in it. However, I applaud them for giving their salary to Matilda Ledger.     I ordered the film On Demand tonight, and I planned on buying it anyway, because even if I didn't like it, I felt like I ought to own the last film Heath Ledger was in it. I will not be buying this film.     In fact, I felt like its a disservice to his memory. It's unfair to put his name on this piece of garbage and have this be the last thing people remember him for.
B000063V8S|2.0|I love all of the seasons of the series.  I love to collect them, and yes it's been a slow process for me.  I was disappointed to receive season 4 in a different box than the rest of the seasons I own.  Particularly since the pictures of the box set show the correct packaging I'm used to.  Why the change?  I'm tempted to return the item and request original packaging, or to at least contact Amazon and ask why it has changed.
B000J1AGQI|5.0|I may be a bit sentimental being I was an air cavalry soldier and maybe that's why I give this movie such credit.  Whether it follows the true story or not, it is a heartfelt movie about soldiers, who, despite what some may think of the war, were soldiers too.  They fought together and saw their comrades die beside them.  For a short period you may, if you choose, join them emotionally as you see their lives given on the battle field.  As you see the bitter sorrow they experienced waging war with a foreign opponent.  Be moved, as you see the army wives band together and as one takes on a responsibility of a leader's wife.  I loved it.  I hope you do too.
0316066524|5.0|I avoided this book when it came out because it was what everyone was reading.  Employing a \\"the flesh is sad and I've read all the good books\\" posture at 20 years old, I dismissed this as hipster trash without glancing at page 1.  Ok, so DFW eviscerates that very attitude explicitly, lays out the psychological underpinnings and proceeds to illustrate the destructive impact it has on one's life.  He does things like that a lot.<br /><br />In my defense, I was only half wrong.  It's not hipster trash; it's a hipster classic.  This is not to demean this work. I'm pretty sure this is a major novel - who am I to say?  It's themes however, are very much of the hipster variety.  That being said, DFW applies real Socratic philosophy to the modern lifestyle, examining painfully and explicitly how better lives may be conducted.  To do that, DFW needs to examine the underpinnings of the hipster attitude/philosophy.<br /><br />The unifying metaphor in the work is that of addiction. This takes two forms, the more interesting of which is the addiction of our generation to entertainment.  That's paralleled with very concrete stories of drug addiction.  Our character of primary interest (initially) is facing a bit of drug addiction himself, but in a modest hipster pot common man sort of way.  Still.  This is a pretty powerful way to critique the present generation and humanity in general.  Plus, you learn a lot about AA.<br /><br />I'll put that out as an example, but there's a real philosophical heft to the book, and that is hard to find at any time.  It's worth the read just as a novel, but also because of its influence on the rest of current literature (which is fairly vast).  As a self-help book, it's not really bad either.<br /><br />Oh, and the vocabulary. Dear God.  Sometimes it's just nice to pick up some new words.  This averaged about 1/page for me, and that's excluding the scientific terms.  DFW is a walking OED.  The only other time I had that experience was with Norman Rush's Mating.  The difference is that the words here flow naturally into the style and characters, i.e. good writing.<br /><br />*************Spoilers*****************************************************<br />I would feel remiss if I didn't say something about the ending, because it's easy to miss.  Infinite Jest applies to the structure of the book as well the movie at the center.  This has a JJ Finegan's Wake \\"book without covers\\"  aspect to it.  When your reach the end you're supposed to keep reading by starting at the beginning again.  The conclusion is there, wrapping up a lot that is left hanging - certainly not all.  Doing this will relieve you from being furious at the ending - probably just simmeringly angry.ce is that the words here flow naturally into the style and characters, i.e. good writing.      *************Spoilers*****************************************************  I would feel remiss if I didn't say something about the ending, because it's easy to miss.  Infinite Jest applies to the structure of the book as well the movie at the center.  This has a JJ Finegan's Wake \\"book without covers\\"  aspect to it.  When your reach the end you're supposed to keep reading by starting at the beginning again.  The conclusion is there, wrapping up a lot that is left hanging - certainly not all.  Doing this will relieve you from being furious at the ending - probably just simmeringly angry.
0765348276|5.0|Fast forward to the far future where the military-industrial complex controls the technology that can ensure virtual immortality.  The only catch?  You have to be an indentured warrior. They own your soul.<br /><br />Scalzi is an interesting author who puts a unique spin on the epic war hero mythos. The story is fast paced and exciting but at times  the character feels disconnected and without a voice.  This may be intentional to project that the main character has sold his soul for immortality so when the chance for redemption appears you feel his soul may be intact beneath it all. At least I hope so.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|We saw this in Imax 3D it was GREAT! This BR version is VERY stunning in HD on our home theater. Best thing is you get to pause for restroom breaks. It's not 3D but almost as good. We have watched it three times and we will watch it another 20!
0439023483|5.0|Katniss and her family live a hard life in a small, rural mining town. Her community is a modern fiefdom and people are barley surviving. Katniss rises above her situation in an act of self-sacrifice that may one day inspire a nation.<br /><br />For many of the same reasons our nation's last civil war, our next could be cities versus rural communities. Every major election for the last hundred years has shown a growing divide.  Suzanne Collins has deftly woven a tale of what could happen if the rural communities rebelled against the powerful cities. You will cheer for Katniss. She is an inspiring young lady.
B002ZBT84G|4.0|Gil's introspection & retrospectives are very heartfelt, and a welcome return after so many years. Albeit brief, still a good CD. I purchased several as gifts!!
1582701709|5.0|I absolutely fell in love with this book!  I even went out and purchased copies for friends who I knew could benefit from the author's wisdom!  I have read it more than once and each time I remember to apply something new to my daily life.  I loved the different people she brought into her book and their personal accounts that each shared.  After discussing this book with some, however, realized it could be considered a bit controversial.  Some think that it has an anti-God message.  However, I completely disagree.  The Secret is about changing one's way of thinking to work positively with the law of attraction, and there is not a human being who could not benefit by reading this book.  Catherine Jean Schoenbauer-Humphrey, author of When the Smoke Clears- How to Survive and Be Better Off With or Without Your Cheating Spouse
B0000640VO|5.0|This movie is splendid!  It is entertaining, and the main character played by Audrey Tautou is clever, original, heartwarming, and deserving of happiness, love, compasion, and everything meant by the phrase \\"Joy of Life!.\\"  I enjoyed it thoroughly, and laughed out loud many times.  It is a marvelous distraction, and a fulfilling way to spend a little time, especially with someone you really like!
B001OQCV6A|1.0|The product was very poor, as there was a malfunction wit the audio. I offered to get an exchange for a working copy and even pay the extra post, but was given a full refund instead.
B0031YJFCQ|5.0|I just finished Larsson's last book in the trilogy.  It was very good, hard to put down.  In fact, I was up reading until 6:30 this morning.  I will miss these characters.
B003O86FMW|4.0|when i saw this book on the book shelf, i immediately knew i HAD to buy it. (it helped that it was 30% off) it has everything that the HG has-but with more shocking and surprising twists. a fantastic book!
B0001RVTXO|1.0|I started to order this.  I really did. The Pixies ain't bad.  I was also going to see them when they were coming to Israel this year.  But then they cancelled, part of the 'cause du jour' of boycotting Israel. What a shame.  Thousands would've come to see them perform...well, so much for that idea.  And so much for me putting any money into Pixie pockets.  Sad.
0385040253|5.0|I already owned a good knot tying book. When I got it in my head that I really wanted to learn all kinds of decorative knot tying I did some investigation on the Internet. So many knot sites made reference to this \\"ABOK\\" and cited a number after it. I learned that ABOK referred to the Ashley Book of Knots. So, I ordered it. I understand now why this particular book is the one referenced; it really is the ultimate bible of knots!  I don't mean to slight other knot tying books because with complicated knots, seeing the tying method presented differently can sometimes mean the difference between success or failure, so by all means collect other books too. It's just that the ABOK is the comprehensive reference that catalogs every knot imaginable and so should be the foundation of your knot book collection.
B002ZG98VE|5.0|finally the legend of robin hood gets the brilliant film adaptation it deserves. after the abortion and insult ,that was \\"robin hood prince of thieves\\", which featured the highly overated lead actor kevin costner(who's english accent was as pathetic and laughable as the highly overated keanu reeves'es was in \\"bram stoker's dracula).director ridley scott has once again proven his brilliance ,with this latest take on the robin hood legend.this incarnation reveals the origin and rise of robin hood  with the associated characters that make up the eventual legend. along with brilliant direction, photography and choreoghraphed battle sequences, we have the brilliant lead casting  of russel crow as robin hood and cate blanchett as mirian.
B002ZG997C|5.0|I was blown away by Denzel Washington's performance.  It was totally another side of his AMAZING acting abilities.  I will most definitely buy this DVD.  Luv this movie!!!!!
B002WTC93S|5.0|Stieg who?  Jo Nesbo is the bomb.  Multi-layered thriller featuring Harry Hole, my new hero.  Nesbo never stoops to obligatory sex like I felt Larsson did and he doesn't need too.  Sharp writing.  Very rarely do I say this but I couldn't put it down.  And Nemesis is even better.  I know there's some confusion over the reading order because the english translations were published out of sync.  Read Redbreast first, then Nemesis, The Devil's Star, The Redeemer, The Snowman, and then The Leopard.  The first two in the series (The Bat Man and Cockroaches) aren't available in english I don't believe.
0143036556|2.0|I went into Collapse with, if anything a slight bias towards liking the book. I had not read Guns, Germs and Steel but had generally heard good things about Collapse and it had, in fact, been suggested to me for my work with a sustainable design firm. I'm sad to say that this book was a big disappointment, there's a lot to express but I'm going to lay out the four big problems with the book.    I first realized something was ary when I got to his chapter on Haiti and the Dominican Republic's history. It was unlike the history I had grown up with, and unlike the history sketched out, for example, in Lies my Teacher Told me or any of the Paul Farmer's books. The former is particularly intriguing as the book is short and illustrates that one can both be broad and accurate in a small space.     The next red flag for me was when he discussed how Australia had difficulty exporting a good they had competitive advantage for - because there was such a strong cultural bias against it, so much so that the United States had banned import of Kangaroo because a Congressman's wife thought they were cute. I was confused because I had eaten Kangaroo meat, legally, in a restaurant in the United States in 2004 - the book was originally published in 2005. I googled it, Kangaroo meat was legal in the US in 2005.     The third red flag for me was that in his 'solutions' chapters he lay the blame on consumers instead of corporations for environmental problems. He did so even after explaining in the previous chapters how mining corporations, for example, tend to go 'bankrupt' when given their Bill for environmental damage. Fine. He goes on to list that people should sue in the face of environmental damage, and lists Bhopal as an example of public success through legal action.     Is he mad?    Putting aside the tens of thousands who died from the disaster, it took 26 years for court to pronounce the top managers of the Bhopal disaster guilty - they got two years of jail. Yes, they paid theIndian government 470 million in restitution, but they never cleaned up the environment, and Union Carbide now owned by DOW says they have no responsibility to do so. If your central thesis is that you should use the law to get companies to clean the environment, and you cite a company that has not cleaned up their environment and is using legal loopholes to avoid doing so... and that ignores the number of nations without democratic regimes and don't have the ability to sue corporations. In addition, many of the people directly affected by Bhopal never saw a penny or saw very little of the money. Nice.    Furthermore, he is selective in his data. He says that recent changes in fishing gear has reduced the rate of dolphin deaths in the Pacific significantly, but fails to mention that dolphin safe tuna, while fantastic for tuna is terrible for ocean biodiversity. There's actually an increase in by-catch but in other (less cuddly) species. He talks about certification, but fails to point out that since most consumer goods are not certified, and since certification is voluntary many companies are continuing to produce things unsustainably and even worse have muddied the waters with faux certifications.     Finally, this is a poorly edited book. I'm talking really egregious grammatical errors, and the book could have easily been 100 pages if the writing had just been made tighter.
B0039TD7RC|5.0|Exiles is, hands down, the Stones' best album, and one of the all-time great rock albums. Plus the sound is noticeably better on this remastered edition. Crank up \\"Down the Line\\" and \\"Loving Cup\\" to full throttle and you'll see what I mean.
B003KVNV4S|5.0|I had never heard of the band before this album. High Violet grabbed my attention not with it's musical content but for it's cd packaging. The bright color of the slipcase just jumped off the shelf at me.     I'm very glad it did, So I decided to give it a listen and must say it's one the best albums of the year so far. It's very moody and melancholy with great lyrics that stick in your head. The lead singer has a very unique vocal style and can seem both cynical on one track then hopeful on the next. While on others he delivers lines that are very sinister or haunting. Give it a try I think you will be pleased!    I like every track on this thing, the very best are:    Blood Buzz Ohio  Sorrow  Anyone's ghost  Little Faith  Conversation 16
006621131X|4.0|I was eagerly looking forward to the publication of this book, not least because I am a huge admirer of Patti.  I have read a lot about her life, but it's always more interesting to hear about someone's experiences in their own words.  In addition, I came to this wondrous city myself at about the same age as Patti and Robert, and always enjoy reading of others who come to NY to realise their dreams, no matter what they be.  I had always been moved the enduring friendship between these two people; it would be a sweet, beautiful story even if they had not both gone on to become well-known people.  The way they came together through such a series of coincidental meetings in different areas of the city, amongst so many hundreds of people, lends their story a magical, fairytale quality,like they were destined to find each other. (My own beloved best friend came into my life through just such a series of coincidences, one of which is our mutual love of Patti.) Through Patti's gift for words, we can visualise their humble yet cosy living spaces, feel the hunger in her tummy, and sense her wonder at being in NY where so much was happening.  It always amazes me that at that time, struggling young artists and musicians could afford to live here while pursuing their dreams; would that it were still so!    Much as I loved the book, there were a few small disappointments; stories I had hoped would be included.  I realise that Patti wanted this to be the story of her and Robert, which is probably why she does not mention certain situations that did not involve him, but there were some stories that were about him that are not recounted. I would have liked to hear about how Robert helped her channel her hallucinations - a legacy of her childhood illnesses - into fuel for art and poetry as opposed to something to be scared of; also although she does recount the filming of Robert having his nipple pierced, she does not mention that she provided the soundtrack, or that Sandy Daley gotit shown at MOMA and Patti and Robert got to attend the premiere.  I would have thought that would have been a huge deal for the two kids seeking recognition! I also found it a little jarring that the book abruptly skips from 1975 to 1978 with no bridge - in 1978 Patti is already in the most successful phase of her career, and there is no mention of her stage accident; her recovery from which both Robert and Sam Wagstaff played crucial parts in, helping her with medical bills and providing her with support and comfort while she recuperated.    I loved the story about how she didn't know who Sam Shepard was when she met him, and was taken by surprise when Jackie Curtis filled her in - it reminded me of how Yoko Ono was oblivious to who John Lennon was when he showed up at her art gallery opening in London in 1966!  I would have liked to hear about Patti's trip to London with Victor Bockris for the poetry reading in 1972 at which she once again met up with Sam, but again I guess she is keeping it to her and Robert's story.  I also felt very sorry for poor Robert being so apparently estranged from his family that his mother was under the impression he was married to Patti for the best part of 12 years!    To me, the most beautiful aspect of the whole book is that at the outset of the story, Patti has just gone through the trauma of giving up her newborn daughter for adoption, and Robert is there to comfort her as she deals with the emotional aftermath, and just as Robert is beginning his final journey, Patti is once again pregnant with a little girl, and this time Robert is there to share her joy and hold her baby daughter.  Their story has come full circle :)    Ultimately, this is a story of love and friendship, of joy and sorrow, strength and perservance, Robert and Patti getting to realise their dreams, excel in their respective fields, and always being there for each other, even as their lives followed different paths.  I cannot wait for the paperback version, with Patti's promised 16 additional pages of material.  Now, let's see who options the movie rights :)
B003405MF6|1.0|I REALLY should have known better.    Been a pretty big fan of Jeff for many more years than I care to recall, and was looking forward to this release until the descriptions in the reviews started rolling in.    Still, I bought it and feel this is easily my biggest waste of money on CDs in quite a while. Should have been titled Just Going Through the Motions. Very dissappointing, but I am sure die hard fans will lap it up none-the-less.    Oh well.
B001I45UFC|5.0|this is a very good book and is well written. i have read this book multilplte times and loved it every time.
B00371QQ2U|5.0|\\"Houston, we have a problem.\\" Apollo 13 was treated by America as just another \\"routine\\" space flight until Cpt. Lovell (Hanks) uttered those words. Crippled in space and running out of air the team at ground control race against time to bring them home. Ron Howard's love and care for this story shows in every frame. The acting by the supporting cast is superb! Ed Harris as Gene Kranz was a perfect casting call as was Gary Sinise as Ken Mattingly. This is great movie and a tribute to American pride, know how and never say die attitude of the U.S. space program!<br /><br />NOW FOR MY BLU RAY THOUGHTS: A wonderful transfer of a 15 year old movie! The audio is excellent as well. All the special features are ported over from the collector's edition dvd. FINAL THOUGHTS: ABSOLUTELY UPGRADE!
B000H6SXMY|3.0|The complete collection arrived within a week which was great however several of the discs so far have been skipping and I am missing whole segments of a show.  It is disappointing.  I have not finished all 10 seasons yet so I am unsure how many are like this.  So far I've encountered between 4-5 discs that skip even though they are brand new.
B0036TGSRG|5.0|THE GHOST (WRITER) is a truly enjoyable thriller which has this reality feel to it, no superheroes, no spectacular action scenes, no gratuitous gore or murder, but an entertaining tale of political intrigue and corruption, somewhat Hitchcockian, not too complex, which allows you to enjoy every aspect of it. The characters are believable and vulnerable individuals all with their virtues and flaws, which makes you care.  They really are the victims of the situations they've gotten themselves into.  One thing, however, that made me love this film was its atmosphere.  Simply amazing.  Here we see the real genius Polanski at work (as with THE PIANIST).  How he's able to create a universe of anxiety, suspicion, and mystery by using all visual and audio means at his disposal.  There is Lang's house, of course, a magnificent setting, luxurious, but cold and sterile, blockhouse-like, concealing terrible secrets.  There is the island, the weather, desolate, gray, where the constant wind and rain enhance the feeling of despair and imminent doom.  Oh, yes, and the music.  Just listen to track 16 `The Truth about Ruth' on the soundtrack and you get into the mood.  The perfect musical accompaniment by Alexandre Desplat.  The end of the film is a masterstroke, surprising and unexpected, yet leaving all possibilities open.  THE GHOST WRITER is a story about real people committing REAL crimes.  Roman Polanski, a well-deserved Silver Bear!  Film lovers, don't miss it.
B001GCUO5M|5.0|I rarely write a review for a movie, but this is the best movie I've seen in decades. My best advice to potential viewers is to look at overall star rating (high!!!) and go for it, but NOT read any reviews until after you watch the movie.  In my opinion, the movie was brilliant, as was the acting.  It keeps you engaged from the beginning and guessing/revising your theories until the end. The plot is not complex or difficult to follow (although you do have to pay attention!) and you'll leave satisfied that all plot points are resolved and all your questions are answered by the end.  In my opinion the movie is just as a good the second time.  ;)
B002ZCDR88|5.0|This is her BEST EVER!!! Everyone should love it, especially those with children and older adults. The melodies and lyrics are delightful!  Be sure to read the accompanying book.....
0316017922|1.0|Everyone knows of those with a privileged background that have risen to success, and everyone knows that success takes hard work. Everyone knows someone who was in the right place at the right time. Gladwell argues that without all three factors one does not rise to great success. Yet even in his tables of statistics there are \\"outliers\\" who do not meet his criteria. Those are the stories I would like to hear. In any age group, social group, and time in history there are those who achieve exceptional success despite having the \\"wrong\\" makeup of factors.  Gladwell argues that societies need to change to make it possible for more to rise to the top. This sounds good on paper, but if you believe what he writes in this book you have to believe that the end result would be not more but different outliers.    We have a choice. We can resign ourselves to accepting our mediocrity based on heritage and circumstancess that we cannot control. Or we can work hard to learn and achieve in spite of heritage and be smart and aware enough to adapt to changing circumstances. We should all refuse to be condemned by what we cannot control. True success is in overcoming societal constraints to make it in spite of them.
B0036EH3XE|1.0|This was a great series, the hook for gaining viewers, WHY this and why that?   the conclusion is: they couldn't answer the very questions the writers made us ask.    In fact the season final, was so bad, that watching season 1-5 again and 6 too, is to painful: There is no answer.  The writers should be run out of Hollywood for such a tragic tragic ending.  The irony for the series, the writers wrote themselves into a corner, And all the King's men, and all the King's soldiers couldn't but this show back together again.
1439102813|5.0|This book grabs your attention in the first paragraph and never lets go. By chapter two, I was convinced that I too was in the throes of early onset Alzheimer's. This is a fictional account of one woman's descent into this terrible disease. Alice is a Harvard professor as is her husband. At 50 she starts to notice her forgetfulness and initially attributes it to menopause. After her diagnosis, she at first refuses to tell her husband and children. Painful at times but always compelling reading. Make sure you have free time to spend with this book because once you start you will not want to put it down until you read the last chapter.
B001KVZ6G6|5.0|A great movie about a a man, and a dream come true...<br /><br />Disney-Pixar style!
0679759328|3.0|This strange book is about a woman who commits a romantic transgression (she leaves her nice but boring beau at the altar in part because she is pining for her married lover) and is cast out by friends and neighbors. She lands at the Hotel du Lac, where, essentially, she is supposed to think about what she has done. Instead she meets characters of (muted) color, including a man who is rich and handsome enough and wants to marry her but doesn't love her. She is willing to settle, but then discovers him coming out of another guest's room -- and decides she isn't quite THAT willing to settle.<br /><br />I sort of think the book is arguing that one lowers expectations, and that's fine -- that romance is nonsense. Whether or not I buy that, it seems a little lame as an artistic statement. And in fact, I don't think plot or moral (if you will) is the point of this book -- I think it's more about the observations -- gray bog on gray lake, elderly lady and spinster daughter in harem pants, elegant childless lady with accident-prone dog, et al.<br /><br />I read a bunch of Brookner reviews in The Times, and suspect she continues to work through her own disappointments in her fiction. Can't decide if that makes her a desirable companion in a train or on a bar stool.
B002ZFQD04|5.0|This release comes as both a CD and a DVD. Recorded while performing in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Madonna transforms through each song and there are quite a few good surprises. My only disappointment here is that the DVD contains excellent songs that are not on the CD (like the rockin' out version of BORDERLINE, which is genius, I would love to listen to while in the car!).
B001OQCV2O|5.0|This movies has incredible scenery and believable story.  It kept you interested in the  movie and gets you thinking about the future!  Must see esp. on a big size screen!
B002ZG994U|5.0|\\"The A-Team\\" is great! This is how the story goes: A colorful team of former Special Forces soldiers were set up for a crime they did not commit. Going \\"rogue,\\" they utilize their unique talents to try and clear their names and find the true culprit.    The cast led by Liam Neeson (as Hannibal), Bradley Cooper (as Face), Jessica Biel (as Charisa Sosa), Quinton 'Rampage' Jackson (as B.A. Baracus), Sharlto Copley (as Murdock) & Patrick Wilson (as Lynch) is great! The directing by Joe Carnahan (also wrote the story and screenplay) (who also directed \\"Narc\\" (2002, also wrote the story and screenplay) & \\"Smokin' Aces\\" (2006, also wrote the story and screenplay) is great! The story and screenplay (based on the television series created by Frank Lupo & Stephen J. Cannell, who also produced) by Carnahan, Brian Bloom & Skip Woods (who also wrote the story and screenplay and co-produced \\"Swordfish\\" (2001), \\"Hitman\\" (2007) & also wrote the screenplay to \\"X-Men Origins: Wolverine\\" (2009) is great!    The music by Alan Silvestri (who also did the music to \\"Night At The Museum: Battle Of The Smithsonian\\" (2009), \\"G.I. Joe: The Rise Of Cobra\\" (2009) & \\"A Christmas Carol\\" (2009) is great! The cinematography by Mauro Fiore (who also did the cinematography to \\"Training Day\\" (2001), \\"Tears Of The Sun\\" (2003), \\"The Island\\" (2005), \\"Smokin' Aces\\", \\"The Kingdom\\" (2007), \\"Avatar\\" (2009, for which he won an Oscar for his work) & the upcoming \\"Real Steel\\" (2011) is great! The film editing by Roger Barton (who also did the film editing to \\"Gone In 60 Seconds\\" (2000), \\"Pearl Harbor\\" (2001), \\"Bad Boys II\\" (2003), \\"The Amityville Horror\\" (2005), \\"Star Wars Episode III: Revenge Of The Sith\\" (2005) & \\"Transformers: Revenge Of The Fallen\\" (2009) & Jim May (who also did the film editing to \\"Kangaroo Jack\\" (2003), \\"Van Helsing\\" (2004), \\"The Chronicles Of Narnia: The Lion, The Witch And The Wardrobe\\" (2005), \\"The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Beginning\\" (2006), \\"The Hitcher\\" (2007) & \\"G.I. Joe: The Rise Of Cobra\\") is great! The casting by Heike Brandstatter, Coreen Mayrs (both of them did the casting to \\"Tooth Fairy\\" (2010), \\"Percy Jackson & The Olympians: The Lightning Thief\\" (2010), the upcoming \\"Ramona & Beezus\\" (2010), \\"Charlie St. Cloud\\" (2010) & \\"TRON: Legacy\\" (2010) & Mary Tricia Wood (who also did the casting to \\"Valentine's Day\\" (2010), \\"Killers\\" (2010), the upcoming \\"The Expandables\\" (2010) & \\"Red Dawn\\" (2010) is great! The production design by Charles Wood (who also did the production design to \\"The Italian Job\\" (2003) & \\"Fool's Gold\\" (2008) is great! The art direction by Michael Diner (who also did the art direction & production design to \\"The Fog\\" (2005), he also did the art direction to \\"X-Men Origins: Wolverine\\", \\"Night At The Museum: Battle Of The Smithsonian\\" & the upcoming \\"The Cabin In The Woods\\" (2011) & Helen Jarvis (supervising art director) (who also did the art direction to \\"Watchmen\\" (2009), \\"Night At The Museum: Battle Of The Smithsonian\\" & the upcoming \\"Rise Of The Apes\\" (2011) is great! The set decoration by Elizabeth Wilcox (who also did the set decoration to \\"2012\\" (2009) & the upcoming \\"Rise Of The Apes\\") is great! The costume design by Betsy Heimann (who also did the costume design to \\"The Ugly Truth\\" (2009) & \\"Funny People\\" (2009) is great!    This is a great and fun action film that keeps you thinking and on the edge of your seat. Liam Neeson, Bradley Cooper, Sharlto Copley & Quinton 'Rampage' Jackson have great chemistry together. This is one of the best movies of the summer, thus far.
B0035WTE2U|5.0|Liked the movie and enjoyed the AC/DC and soundtrack in it.  Bought the CD right away, still loving it.  Get it now.
B001RTP3YQ|5.0|Most live discs disappoint, balance of vocals and music are often a mishy mash. But Cohen's gorgeous lyrics  come through loud and clear, with background vocals neat and lean and in the background where they belong.  Orchestration is lively and a perfect foil to Cohen's droll and understated delivery. Funny, self-effacing chitchat  between numbers is very endearing. A must, even for anti-Cohenistas.
B000BTC5LW|5.0|Best music video I own, everyone should have this in their library. Disc #2 especially because it has dark side of the moon.
B002ZG994U|5.0|The A Team movie is a perfect example of a summer action movie. Just a fun ride from start to finish. The action is amazing, all the jokes are delivered well and the story line was a lot better than I expected. If you like fun action movies, then definitely go check this out.
B001KVZ6F2|5.0|I have to admit that the Thao character could be a bit better actor. Everyone else did very well--specially the young Asian character Sue. She should keep at it. Eastwood did not have to act more than what he already is as an actor--the rusty, caustic demeanor that is so typical Eastwood. Of course, it's just a movie, so it did take some artistic license; but the human element it tried to show, the story it tried to tell, was shown and told well. The finishing solo by Eastwood was also very good--possibly the most tender part of the movie. I am giving it five stars. For many, it may deserve less than five, but it certainly does not deserve one star like many gave. I suspect people do not want to get close to their soft side, so touching movies may annoy them.  Good show. I recommend it.
B002ZG99CC|4.0|\\"The Karate Kid\\" is very much a worthy counterpart to the 1984 film on which it's based, not only in terms of story, but also in terms of quality; the excitement, humor, warmth, and themes of friendship, maturity, and overcoming adversity have been left intact, and better still, there's no sense that any of it has been cheapened or simplified to the sake of appealing to a mass audience. The only exception, and I'm really just nitpicking here, is a glorious but contrived aerial shot of martial arts training directly on the Great Wall of China, the helicopter camera zooming around Jackie Chan and Jaden Smith as they pose dramatically. If there was ever an image that belonged in a Chinese tourism commercial, this would be it.    A more substantial criticism is that, because this is such a faithful remake, there isn't much it can do to surprise us. Anyone familiar with the 1984 film will know exactly how this new version will play out, from the main character's awkward arrival at the start to the climactic tournament at the end. There is a bit of an inconsistency; because it takes place in China, the featured martial art is kung fu, not karate, so the title is technically inaccurate. There's also the convenience of all the important characters being able to speak English, if not fluently, then just enough to get their point across. But it's all done so well that we may find ourselves suppressing the desire to look for flaws and make comparisons. What would be the point? Remake or not, this movie stands entirely on its own as a great entertainment, not just as a sports drama and a spectacle but also as a coming-of-age story, which is just as charming and insightful as it was twenty-six years ago.    Smith plays twelve-year-old Dre Parker, who's forced to move from Detroit to Beijing with his mother (Taraji P. Henson). He doesn't much care for it, although he does immediately develop a crush on a good-natured girl named Mei Ying (Han Wenwen), a violin prodigy. Unfortunately, this introduces him to the sadistic school bully, Cheng (Wang Zhenwei), who quickly and brutally takes him down in full view of the other kids. How did he become so aggressive? A visit to a local kung fu class explains everything: Cheng's teacher, Master Li (Rongguang Yu), has taught him to be merciless when fighting his enemies. Mercy, he says, is for the weak. Dre, both small-statured and a foreigner, is considered a weakling. The idea that the underdog is separated by culture as well as by status is something the original film never had the chance to explore. It's a welcome addition.    So is Jackie Chan, who takes the reins from the late Pat Morita and transforms Mr. Miyagi into Mr. Han, a reclusive janitor who agrees to train Dre for an upcoming kung fu tournament. After his disastrous starring role in \\"The Spy Next Door,\\" I had my doubts that Chan would be able to pull this off. I was happily proven wrong; this is his most mature and compelling performance to date, having been given the opportunity to genuinely act and not merely be a goofy action star. We see range. We see depth. We can conceivably feel something for his character. And for once, the kung fu moves he built his reputation on are actually in service of the story. He's not a stuntman showing off - he's a wise elder trying to make a point, and just like with Pat Morita's character, it involves a menial task that must be done repeatedly, almost to the point of a compulsion.    Some may object to the puppy love between Dre and Mei Ying, paling in comparison to the original film's teenage love between Ralph Macchio and Elisabeth Shue. While I agree that there's no such thing as romance before puberty, I am aware that those tween years see the emergence of hormones, and I can certainly believe that Dre and Mei Ying would have their first kiss by the light of a rear-screen projector. There's no sense believing that they're falling in love, because they're not. If anything, they form a sweet and innocent friendship, one made stronger by the fact that both are being tested by their own life circumstances. And much like the divide between Dre and Cheng, both are threatened by cultural differences, Mei Ying's parents fearful that a musically uninspired American boy will be a bad influence on her. Like all good boys, he just wants make a fine first impression.    A stretch in the middle of the film reveals views of mist-shrouded mountains and tours of ancient temples, where kung fu students practice rigorously. This is perhaps a bit conventional, but it's also undeniably breathtaking. I'm addressing that last observation to those who can't bring themselves to see this movie for its story or its characters - maybe the visuals will win them over. Still, don't be so quick to dismiss everything else it has to offer. Yes, \\"The Karate Kid\\" is yet another Hollywood remake, but that doesn't change the fact that it tells an engaging story with interesting characters and features good performances. I greatly enjoyed this movie, and if you go into it with an open mind, I think you will too.
B0027BOL4G|5.0|I was so uninformed on this subject. There is nothing like having a visual account of an issue that affects us every day.  I HIGHLY recommend this film.  If it doesn't inspire you to be a vegetarian, at least it will make you consider organic and sustainable.
B000A0GP4K|5.0|No Direction Home is one of the best music documentaries, essential for anyone even remotely interested in Bob Dylan or twentieth century music; its reach and Dylan's importance are such that it is arguably essential for anyone interested in twentieth century culture period. As informative as it is entertaining, it is masterful as a film per se as well as a documentary; fans could hardly ask for more, and the quality is such that many others will be interested.    The film covers Dylan up to his 1966 motorcycle accident, focusing specifically on 1956 forward. It goes into his upbringing somewhat but focuses mainly on musical influences; we learn what made him want to be a musician and much about what made him the one he became. The details of his pre-fame life are fascinating. Post-fame years are here in greater detail, as every major event is covered along with many others. Director Martin Scorsese and company also skillfully use a variety of outside material - songs, movie clips, news footage, poems, narration, etc. - to add context and clarity. They are also very adept at using Dylan's own music. They always seem to pick just the right song at just the right point; for example, playing \\"Lay Down Your Weary Tune\\" over the closing credits is a brilliant touch. Their touch with photos, videos, etc. is similarly deft. More importantly, there are extensive interviews with the often tight-lipped Dylan, who opens up in unprecedented detail and range. A wide range of peers and other insiders also appear - Allen Ginsberg, Joan Baez, Al Kooper, etc. -, including former girlfriend Suze Rotolo for the first time. We thus get an excellent overview of Dylan's most famous and probably best period; the story is told with drama and verve, potentially drawing in many who do not even like Dylan. However, it is important to realize that the story essentially aims at casuals. Anyone familiar with Dylan's art and life will find few revelations, which may disappoint some. That said, the film has much for them also, not least the interviews, nearly all of which are interesting; many are entertaining, and quite a few are insightful. Perhaps most valuable of all is the extensive performance footage, much of it from underground classics like Eat the Document or unreleased Newport Folk Festival footage. Some, including the legendary \\"Judas!\\" version of \\"Like a Rolling Stone,\\" was not even thought to exist - a fan's dream.    Simply put, No Direction can hardly be overpraised; it is as essential as all but Dylan's best music, which is all that need be said.
B0024FAR5W|5.0|Really don't watch a huge amount of television (3 hours a week) - but have made an exception for this inspired series. Truly excellent. Hope it has a few more seasons in it to run....
B003INJETO|5.0|I just wanted to say that this album is just incredible to the core. POS doesn't belong to any specific genre. POS is beyond classification. Every new album is full of surprises with new twists and turns. If you expect every release to be identical to the ones before, you will solely be disappointed. If you have followed POS thruout the years you would know that they constantly reinvent themselves, creating new musical direction and new genre. It is indeed very fresh to listen to every POS album with new perspective and emotion. Having said that Road Salt One is one hell of a 70's psychedelic prog rock journey. This is not a metal album however it is much more accessible to all old fans and new comers. Less technical but with more song writing, melodies, arrangements and vocals in focus. The one obvious major difference is the SOUND! It is definitely fun to listen to and it will keep you hooked thruout the album. I have nothing less to talk about except with praise! POS will always be different with every new release until the end and that's a guarantee. All you have to do is enjoy the music and have fun. Another 5 stars for POS.
0307473465|4.0|This book all at once is a tear jerker as well as a thought provoker.  Nowhere before had I ever seen the ideas of sin, forgiveness, guilt, and duty explored in quite this way.  Before it is over, we hate what the obvious villian has done, but we cannot hate her as much as she seems to hate herself, and isn't this punishment enough?  At least in the American community, not many people understand the guilt that pervaded Germany's collective conscience for the Holocaust.  Some of it they deserved, but how much of that guilt rightfully belonged to whom?  What generation or generations should or did pay the price?
B002ZG994U|3.0|There is some semblance of a story in \\"The A-Team.\\" I seem to recall the team members being framed for a crime they didn't commit, a plot to recapture counterfeit treasury plates, a lot of double crossing, Bradley Cooper trying to rekindle a relationship with Jessica Biel, and scene after scene of escaping and jumping and falling and exploding and running and flying, most of them aided by heavy computer graphics and a very unsteady camera. That's about it. Is this enough to sustain a nearly two hour film? I left the theater feeling as if I had seen a series of images flashing before my eyes, but not as if I had actually been told anything. Strange how you can be shown so much yet find that absolutely nothing is happening. Perhaps I should take comfort in that even nothing can look good on the big screen.    Am I at a disadvantage for not having seen a single episode of the show on which the film is based? This may be a case of me simply not getting it. In my defense, the show premiered five months before I was born and ended six months after my third birthday. Yes, yes, there are always reruns and DVD releases, but too much time has passed, and quite frankly, I no longer have any interest. If I'm to judge \\"The A-Team,\\" I only have the film adaptation to go on. So if any of you feel I'm ill-prepared to review it, feel free to stop reading and find a review written by a long time fan who understands the material. I for one feel that a movie should in some way appeal to all audiences and not merely fans of its source material. By alienating a sizeable audience, the only thing a filmmaker has achieved is creating an in-joke.    \\"The A-Team\\" is an aggressive, meandering, nonsensical flight of fancy so pumped up on testosterone that it practically oozes off the screen. We have a lot of cool things to look at - fireballs, shattering panes of glass, guys getting punched, cars getting smashed, tanks falling from the sky - but we're given very little think about other than the blur of imagery we've just witnessed. Maybe if the film had paused long enough to tell a real story, all this could be forgiven. Alas, director/co-writer Joe Carnahan just keeps on shoving cinematic chaos in our faces, reserving the slower, quieter moments for puzzling character analyses and astonishingly shallow dialogue. What are we to make of B.A. Baracus' claim that he no longer has it in him to kill anyone? Given how silly everything leading up to that moment is, are we really supposed to take that seriously?    I do have to hand it to the actors, though - they all seem to be having a lot of fun. And given the screenplay's shortcomings, they give reasonably decent performances. Liam Neeson is likeably gruff as the cigar-smoking Col. Hannibal Smith, Bradley Cooper is delightfully arrogant as the womanizing Faceman Peck, Quinton \\"Rampage\\" Jackson is amusing as the imposing (and aerophobic) B.A. Baracus, and Sharlto Copley is memorable as the certifiably insane Howling Mad Murdock. I wasn't too impressed with Jessica Biel, however, as Capt. Charisa Sosa, who apparently is Peck's ex-girlfriend; it's not that the performance was bad, but the character certainly was unnecessary. It didn't help that her role in the ever-twisting scheme to reclaim the stolen money plates becomes more and more difficult to define.    And then there's Patrick Wilson as Col. Lynch, a man so sniveling and cocky he should hated just on general principles. He too wants to get his hands on the money plates. So does the equally loathsome Pike (Brian Bloom), who I think had something to do with the A-Team being wrongly accused and may be trying to sell the plates through an Arab backer. In order to get back at these two, the A-Team must concoct a number of elaborate escape attempts. The most interesting involved Murdock, committed to an insane asylum in Germany; he has the patients put on 3-D glasses and watch a projected film (which one I dare not reveal), and wouldn't you know it, an actualtank bursts through the wall just as a tank in the film comes directly at the camera. At this point, I found myself wondering why the filmmakers didn't bother releasing this film in 3-D, since that seems to be the trend nowadays.    There are probably legions of fans out there that will watch this film and scrutinize every detail, specifically in how faithful it is to the TV series. If you happen to be a part of it, and if you think I'm a killjoy who doesn't know what he's talking about, please note that I admitted this right at the start. If you're a fan, chances are you will enjoy \\"The A-Team.\\" If you're like me and you grew up on other TV shows, you may find yourself at a loss to account for what's going on and why. This is a loud, goofy, visually assaultive action extravaganza, one that makes no real attempt at a plot other than going from one inane stunt to the next. \\"I love it when a plan comes together,\\" says Hannibal near the beginning of the film. I love it when a plan comes together, too. If only that had happened in this movie.
B0029LHW4U|5.0|First, I am a HUGE AIC fan. I often fear when bands make a come back, because it's not always good.  :)   On the contrary! This come back is truly awesome! I have listened to Black Gives Way to Blue on repeat and I love EVERY song. How refreshing! My hat goes off to new guy William DuVall! It makes me miss Layne Staley, but I think he approves from the grave.  Great job AIC!!!
B002GSXKN8|5.0|This collection of the four Batman movies from 1989, 1992, 1995, and 1997 is a winner all around.  It comes with two dual-sided DVDs, with each DVD having a movie on each side.  The picture clarity is good, the sound quality is good, the price is good.<br /><br />Here are the movies:<br /><br />1. Batman (1989) starring Jack Nicholson, Michael Keaton, Kim Basinger, Robert Wuhl, Pat Hingle, Jack Palance, Billy Dee Williams, and Michael Gough.<br /><br />2. Batman Returns (1992) starring Danny DeVito, Michael Keaton, Michelle Pfeiffer, Christopher Walken, Michael Gough, Michael Murphy, and Pat Hingle.<br /><br />3. Batman Forever (1995) starring Jim Carrey, Val Kilmer, Tommy Lee Jones, Chris O'Donnell, Nicole Kidman, Michael Gough, and Pat Hingle.<br /><br />4. Batman & Robin (1997) starring George Clooney, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Uma Thurman, Alicia Silverstone, Chris O'Donnell, Pat Hingle, Michael Gough, and Elle MacPherson.<br /><br />Now this is just my opinion:  The two best movies were Batman (with Jack Nicholson as The Joker) and Batman Returns (with Danny DeVito as The Penguin and Michelle Pfeiffer as Catwoman), when Tim Burton was in charge.  These two movies are darker and a little more serious than Batman Forever (with Jim Carrey as The Riddler and Tommy Lee Jones as Two Face) and Batman & Robin (with Arnold Schwarzenegger as Mr. Freeze and Uma Thurman as Poison Ivy), which are brighter and more campy.  I won't review each and every movie.  This review is basically about what this four movie collection contains and its low price and good picture and sound quality.<br /><br />If you're a fan of the first Batman series, then get these four movies for a bargain price.  It's worth it.
B000VECAEO|4.0|Okay, the last episode or two really bit it, but I love the crazy imaginative convoluted and incredibly funny episodes of the final season.
0920668364|5.0|I purchased this book for my son who is expecting his first child.  I think after having his child he'll understand the real meaning in this book of a mothers love for there child.
0792843584|2.0|I've been on a western kick recently, buying and watching mostly classics of the genre from the 1950s. I finally decided to purchase Heaven's Gate, the controversial, budget-busting Michael Cimino film credited for nearly killing off the western. Unfortunately, this 2000 DVD release is not anamorphic, and it looks pathetic and puny on my large widescreen TV. It is widescreen, but since it's not anamorphic, you get black bars all around the frame. Occasionally there's also a bright blue line on either side of the frame, probably a kink in the original mastering process. It's all very annoying and distracting, and it has kept me from watching the entire 3-1/2 film. Whatever the merits of the film, it definitely deserves a new anamorphic release, or even better, Bluray.
B001E2JNA6|4.0|My wife and I have been big fans of this movie every since we saw it the first time on our local public TV station.  This blu-ray redo of the original is very well done and the picture and sound are much much better than than the originals we viewed so many years ago.  If you like this version of P&P you won't be disappointed in this do over.  There are several extras (ie interviews) included in the package.  We were most pleased with the purchase.       JMC
1580176941|5.0|Really and truly, I'd buy any Valerie Peterson book just for the illustrations.  They are beautiful and stimulate creative thinking, whatever your artistic medium!
1582701709|1.0|I truly believe this book is twisted- the focus is self self self- get get get, material, wordly crap.......<br />I have seen my friends lose themselves - become greedy, self focused, judgemental, heartless with these principles-<br /><br />It's not new what is in this book-but it's very me focused and I have not seen it bring out the best in people- I've seen it bring out the greed, ego self<br /><br />*******<br />A few years later I half agree with my comment on this particular book. I absolutely love ''The Power'' though!!!!!! I think Rhonda Byrne followed it up perfectly. What was missing in ''The Secret'' she made the focus in ''The Power''.
B0028ER4Q4|5.0|Possibly my favorite album; all the songs on this album are great. It's kind of a trippy lullaby.
B001B1UO6W|4.0|Cathreen Hicks, Chris Sarandon, Alex Vincent, Brad Dourif, Dinah Manoff. A pretty good horror movie with lots of chills and special effects. The plot involves a Chicago serial killer (Dourif) who is shot down in a toy store by a detective (Sarandon) and right before he dies he uses black magic to transfer his soul into one of the dolls at the store. A little boy (Vincent)gets the same doll for his birthday and after his babysitter (Manoff) is murdered, everyone thinks he did it. And once another murder occurs, the boy is put away for a while. But the boy's mom (Hicks) doesn't buy it and makes the chilling discovery that the doll is alive after all and its goal is to get revenge on the detective who killed him and transfer his soul into the boy's body. I'm really glad this movie didn't go straight for shock value with blood and gore much like The Thing (1982) and The Fly (1986) so this one doesn't have much blood until the final scene. And another thing this movie is good for is for putting the living doll into the modern pop culture and the doll itself, Chucky, is so entertaining to watch and is still a memorable horror icon since. But aside from Chucky, the human characters were pretty believable, even little Alex Vicent. And I also like how it's not a living doll story were the doll has a mind of it's own and no backstory of how the doll came to life, this time the story is focused more on the doll which is a nice change. The special effects on the doll are pretty good, they try their best to make the doll seem alive, and it works. The voice overall by Brad Dourif is done quite well. So overall it's a good, chilling, and not exactly bloody movie.     I give it **** out of ***** stars  *** out of ****  and 7/10
B0037A4ILC|5.0|Next to \\"Touching the Void\\" its the best climbing film ever made. Shows how the early climbers suffered with woefully inadequate clothing and gear to reach the summits of what are now regarded as the classic peaks around the world. Hard to watch these guys struggle and freeze their ass off climbing the Eiger! If you are a climbing enthusiast you will definitely enjoy this film. (Even has a little romance for your significant other!)
B00368PSN2|5.0|very good movie!  Starts sci-fi with a bang; then viking territory; gets a bit slow to develop plot, but really, well worth your time.  Viable background story.  BUY IT!
B000K7UG34|5.0|This is one of those movies that you can watch again and again. Mel Gibson is super in this movie. I would recommend it to anyone
B00006CXSS|5.0|Love this show, My husband wanted it for his birthday because he has seen it before I haven't. Every night we watched an episode and I became more and more patriotic! Love how they portrayed the real people and stories you felt their pain and their joy. I have so much more respect for the soldier's, my grandfather and father who served what they saw and went through and why they are the amazing men they are today.
0743455967|4.0|The book came to me in record time, Bravo to the shippers.  Generally Mr. King's work speaks for itself and his book on writing present a winners approach to the craft of writing.  I found the read informative, the author never missing a bit and always making his point crystal clear.  As an emerging author I now have  key points to emulate.  My interest in putting  strings of words together has been well served.
0470449748|5.0|This book gets closest to actual GMAT. A must read for all serious GMAT takers.
B003Q5JDHW|5.0|This episode was the single best of the series, so far, and I wait with great anticipation for the season finale.
031606792X|1.0|I've read the dozens of reviews here at Amazon for &#34;Breaking Dawn&#34; countless times, and often felt there was just nothing else I could add to the fray that had not already been (splendidly, and often uproariously) done.  Yet there were a couple of things (and ideas) that I did not see mentioned and thought I would go ahead and throw my hat into the ring of withering reviews and unflattering opinions in case there were others who might have similar observations.<br /><br />(*Warning:  Spoiler Alert!  This review contains spoilers; please do not go any further if you have not already read BD.*)<br /><br />No doubt about it, BD was a huge letdown. I remember reading the book and thinking, &#34;Wait, wtf? Why? What is going on?&#34; quite often. Everything was just off and wrong.<br /><br />The build up and desperate longing to consummate their love that went on for three books was a &#34;fade-to-black&#34;; I thought, &#34;That can't be it!&#34; But it was. These two people loved each other more than life itself and agonizingly longed to be able to touch and make love - they *finally* get to and we get nothing... It could have been such a sweet, tender scene or an intense passionate one without getting p0rn-y. SM didn't even try. I was really disappointed by that.<br /><br />Then Bella realizes she's pregnant. I paused again and thought to myself, &#34;Uh....huh? How can that happen? Can that happen? Maybe it's just gas.&#34; No, it was the &#34;little nudger&#34; (wtf?). And Bella who didn't want to be married, so obviously was against the whole happy housewife life, suddenly wants to be a wife and mother. Generally someone so adamant about not being a young wife is not keen on being a young mother to boot. Total character change. I, sadly, get what Meyer was trying to do - show that Bella had matured/was maturing and becoming an adult. Honestly, though, I haven't noticed a large pool of 17 and 18 year-olds that get knocked up (married or not) and suddenly are mature and wise beyond their years. Becoming pregnant doesn't make you mature or wise...especially when you become so at a young age.<br /><br />All the other crap in-between - little plots that flared up and then died out, disappearing into the ether, soulless characters floating around the house with no direction or use other than filler (characters that people loved and wanted to read more about, no less), the divergence from her own rules and world/story drove me (a writer) to the brink of insanity. Everything has to fit, has to be concise, has to flow, has to be real and believable. When you create a world and write about happenings in it, it becomes that world's history, canon, reference. If you deviate from that, you have destroyed your own world by making it illogical, unbelievable, and transitory. Nothing is sacred, nothing is solid. It was the final arrow in the heart of the series; the kill shot. She ignored everything she'd written before so she could write the book she wanted to write - continuity be d*mned.<br /><br />And, as everyone has pointed out, the freakin' battle that wasn't. I kept waiting for something to happen; there was quite a build-up, a lot of talk about how bada$$ the Volturi were and literal fears they would be defeated by them. About midway through the &#34;conversation&#34; I started to realize that this was it; there was going to be no battle...just talk. Oh yes, let's all leave Europe and travel to small town no-wheres-ville America (and I mean ALL of us - the whole kit & kaboodle) gather en masse and...talk it out. Ya know they could've just done that with Skype and saved a mint on airfare.<br /><br />The werewolves are there (I'm sorry shapeshifters as we suddenly learned during The Long Talk), surrounded by the creatures they *were created to destroy to protect their tribe* and they did nothing but crowd control. It didn't go into how uncomfortable they must have been, how their instincts were screaming at them to kill, kill,kill. It would have been great if one of them just lost their head, gave in to the instinct, and just started attacking the Volturi - killing a few on the sidelines - and the Volturi strike back. The rest of the wolves run in to protect their brother (or sister...Leah could have totally done this) and the Cullens and all their vampire buddies are compelled to join the fight to protect their new friends, the shapeshifting werewolves. It all happens so fast - Bella is screaming at Carlisle to let them attack and save the wolves and Carlisle is debating because he doesn't think they can win in a fight against the Volturi....tension....do they or don't they go in - on a possible suicide mission - to help the wolves? Do they win, who will die (someone(s) has to die). That would've been cool; anything other than what happened - The Long Talk - would have been cool, truthfully.<br /><br />The Battle That Wasn't was a huge let-down and I do not see how you could put that into a movie...you have this great set-up - all these vampires and werewolves facing off in a huge field - and then they just talk for 30 minutes. People would get up and leave the theater (if they hadn't already).<br /><br />I agree the imprinting thing is icky, totally takes away free will, and should not even be possible on children. And Renesmee's (*shudder*) advanced aging and Jacob's frozen aging was just a little too perfect of a package. So one day they will be the same age and stay that way...she won't grow any older and neither will he and they'll be the same age. Happy, happy, joy, joy - wasn't that convenient?<br /><br />But it doesn't matter because he imprinted *now* not then - not when they came of age. Frankly, I wish he hadn't imprinted on the creepy, silent, face-touching, wide-eyed, toothy, pseudo-human/vampire spawn and had gone through with his initial intention (Kill it! Kill it with fire!!!) That may sound harsh, but it sure would have shook up the story if Bella's beloved Jacob killed her child. He'd be on the run and the Cullens would be trying to hunt him down.<br /><br />Bella's transition was too, as duly and superbly noted here, ridiculous. But there is one point I haven't seen brought up yet that just killed me:<br />I could not - still can not for the life of me - figure out *why* Alice dressed her in an evening gown. I couldn't keep the scene straight in my head because it looked so...stupid. Especially when she jumped out of the window and ran through the forest and then slaughtered a deer with Edward...in an evening gown. WTF? Did SM think Bella was *so beautiful and perfect* she had to put her in an evening gown to prove it; Bella is too good for normal clothes now, honey. She's jumping over streams, scaling trees, and whatever *in an evening gown*. Seriously?<br /><br />She is perfect, her transition is perfect, her being a newborn who can control her bloodlust is unheard of (and perfect, of course). I think it would have been awful but interesting if when Charlie came over she couldn't control it (as we saw with Jasper, it's hard to do - and even moreso, nearly impossible, for a newborn) and killed her own father. What a price to pay... She has to live with that now and she starts to doubt the decision she made to be a vampire and it drives a wedge between she and Edward (something they have to work out as the story goes on) and she cannot forgive Jacob for getting Charlie to come to the house like he did. Maybe it finally sinks in that she has given up her mortality to become a monster; that would be something she could mature from going through. It's not all love and roses and awesome-all-night-long sex for eternity, Bella - reality is a dose of very ice cold water (something we all sort of go through once the hopeful idealism of young adulthood has faded into the somber practicality of actual adulthood). Something like that would have definitely spiced things up.<br /><br />All in all, BD was the little novel that couldn't - theseries finale that...wasn't.  As some other reviewers here have mentioned, it felt more as if SM was writing this book for herself and not for her readers.  There were so many things that could have been done and weren't, so many things that should have been done (world/story continuity being foremost) that were completely ignored.  SM is a decent writer, at best, but she is a wonderful storyteller - unfortunately, she was not able to pull either of these feats off in this finale to what could have been a truly great series in its own right.on was too, as duly and superbly noted here, ridiculous. But there is one point I haven't seen brought up yet that just killed me: I could not - still can not for the life of me - figure out *why* Alice dressed her in an evening gown. I couldn't keep the scene straight in my head because it looked so...stupid. Especially when she jumped out of the window and ran through the forest and then slaughtered a deer with Edward...in an evening gown. WTF? Did SM think Bella was *so beautiful and perfect* she had to put her in an evening gown to prove it; Bella is too good for normal clothes now, honey. She's jumping over streams, scaling trees, and whatever *in an evening gown*. Seriously?  She is perfect, her transition is perfect, her being a newborn who can control her bloodlust is unheard of (and perfect, of course). I think it would have been awful but interesting if when Charlie came over she couldn't control it (as we saw with Jasper, it's hard to do - and even moreso, nearly impossible, for a newborn) and killed her own father. What a price to pay... She has to live with that now and she starts to doubt the decision she made to be a vampire and it drives a wedge between she and Edward (something they have to work out as the story goes on) and she cannot forgive Jacob for getting Charlie to come to the house like he did. Maybe it finally sinks in that she has given up her mortality to become a monster; that would be something she could mature from going through. It's not all love and roses and awesome-all-night-long sex for eternity, Bella - reality is a dose of very ice cold water (something we all sort of go through once the hopeful idealism of young adulthood has faded into the somber practicality of actual adulthood). Something like that would have definitely spiced things up.  All in all, BD was the little novel that couldn't - the series finale that...wasn't.  As some other reviewers here have mentioned, it felt more as if SM was writing this book for herself and not for her readers.  There were so many things that could have been done and weren't, so many things that should have been done (world/story continuity being foremost) that were completely ignored.  SM is a decent writer, at best, but she is a wonderful storyteller - unfortunately, she was not able to pull either of these feats off in this finale to what could have been a truly great series in its own right.
B003AO3CIK|5.0|Like a few fans out there, I've had \\"If I had a Hi-Fi\\" since National Record Store day and have been talking it up to friends for a couple of weeks. Granted, a covers album is usually a kiss-of-death for most bands, but this is one of the rare exceptions to the rule. Nada-Surf takes on a batch of their favorites and breaks out the Rickenbackers. Frankly, this is Jangle-pop nirvana. It's \\"Garage Days\\" for power-poppers. It's really that good.<br /><br />Part of the reason I dig this so much is that many of the songs are relatively obscure. Dwight Twilley is one of my all-time power-pop gurus, and NS goes for his \\"You Were So Warm.\\" Bill Fox is one of those obscure guys that only alt-freaks would know about, and they unearth one of his songs for the opening track. \\"Electrocution\\" is given such a work-over that is sounds like a great lost Roger McGuinn song. Add a Spanish band's song \\"Evolucion\\" that absolutely haunts, and you've already scored three bulls-eyes.<br /><br />Then there's the not-so-obscure. The primary airplay is going to Depeche Mode's \\"Enjoy The Silence,\\" which sounds like REM wrote it as opposed to manic depressive British Synth Dudes. Nada Surf turns the song completely on its head, which is no minor feat. Kate Bush's \\"Love and Anger\\" loses none of it's empathic qualities, also not an easy task, given her unique qualities. And finally, there's the revved up cover of The Moody Blues' \\"Question,\\" which answers the question of what a jam session between The Moodies and The Byrds might have sounded like.<br /><br />That's probably my favorite track on \\"If I Had a Hi-fi,\\" followed closely by the Twilley cover. There's plenty of other songs here, but suffice to say that Nada Surf has joined The Editors as one of my favorite albums for 2010.
B002VECM4A|5.0|Clareece 'Precious' Jones lives a pretty hard life.  It isn't until she sees a way out that things turn really grim.  Despite not being the feel good flick of the season and delivering one staggering blow after another, this story holds its momentum until the very end, where in its darkest moments Precious finds her deepest strength.  Every accolade this film earned is well-deserved.  The performances are brilliant, the direction is imaginative.  Sidibe is a treasure of talent, and Mo'Nique outdid herself in the role of Mary.  Hidden gems amongst the supporting cast were stellar, as well.  Definitely not for the faint of heart and likely quite triggering for most, this is a powerful and necessary story to witness.
0385528752|5.0|very practical, based on research, and delivered in a series of exciting examples, switch is a framework for any kind of change. Unlike many similar books I have read, this one is immediately useful. This explains how all those \\"lifehacks\\" and \\"mindhacks\\" probably work.
B0007OY2P8|5.0|All of Austen's works are wonderful, this particular movie has a different feel (subtle suspense) but the same great ending. The music is a bit over the top and somewhat 80's-ish but the story itself is great.
B002SJIO54|3.0|I will say that overall I enjoyed District 9.  It certainly had one of the most unique \\"alien invasion\\"scenarios of the past 20 years. Only science fiction can examine humanity in such bold clear functions.  It showed how we treat those we wish to help, once it becomes more of a burden to do so and once we grow weary of what we perceive of their own laziness.  The attributes of the \\"Prawns\\" in this film have been shared with many races and groups during any number of wars or crisis.     The acting is very good and the documentary format makes the first part very interesting as we learn about the aliens and how they live their lives. It does devolve into an chase scene and the final shoot em up scenes are just dumb action movie flair which while drawing down the movie, does not destroy it.  Still this is a film worth watching for its originality if nothing else.
1400067936|5.0|Probability and chance fascinate me.  Many people believe in fate, or argue over the role of chance in the course they have taken in their lives.  Those of us who operate in the world of financial speculation find ourselves at the 'cutting edge' of randomness, chance and the unknowable future in a very tangible way day by day.  It is odd then that humans seem to be poorly programmed to win at the probability game.  In fact in most situations we usually make the mathematically irrational choice, often choosing a poorer but certain outcome rather than one which mathematically generates a better expected return or outcome.<br /><br /> This important book highlights the centrality of probabilistic outcome in almost everything we do.  It emphasises our exaggerated tendency to claim or allocate credit to people (e.g. CEOs of successful or unsuccessful companies) on the basis of ability rather than luck.  This tendency is not only myopic, it is also dangerous.  Taleb particularly highlights the false sense of security that exists in distorted situations where a highly likely beneficial scenario is paired with an unlikely, but extremely dangerous outcome.  The classic example is in the market, where naked option sellers are able to pursue a 'reliable' strategy with steady small profits, but place themselves in a situation where extreme market movements can erase years of profits in days.  These 'hidden risks' are explored in more depth in Taleb's later book The Black Swan which was especially prescient as it was published immediately before the 2007-08 financial crisis.  The Black Swan revealed massive hidden risks concealed behind commonly accepted but flawed risk calculation models such as VAR.<br /><br />Taleb writes in a conversational style that at times is a little indulgent.  It is a very personal book with many asides regarding artistic preferences, and which invokes some of his pet subjects such as philosophy and poetry.  I enjoyed this however others might feel this detracts from the central argument.  It is a very personal argument as well, with examples that appear to be based on individuals known by Taleb and largely based on his expertise in the financial markets.  It will provoke contemplation about both the source of our own success and also about the risks that we may not have considered.  As an example it would have been (and may still be) valuable for instance to many who have highly leveraged themselves in purchasing property but who have not thought through the consequences of unemployment.<br /><br />Action on these ideas will encourage a more robust investment strategy, and indeed life in general.  Perhaps Taleb could have given a few more 'real world' examples from outside the world of finance to help people considering these ideas in a wider sense.  Certainly he has written an eloquent and colourful account highlighting important concepts which may influence philosophical thought in years to come, and will hopefully have a practical impact on risk management and regulation in financial markets.the central argument.  It is a very personal argument as well, with examples that appear to be based on individuals known by Taleb and largely based on his expertise in the financial markets.  It will provoke contemplation about both the source of our own success and also about the risks that we may not have considered.  As an example it would have been (and may still be) valuable for instance to many who have highly leveraged themselves in purchasing property but who have not thought through the consequences of unemployment.    Action on these ideas will encourage a more robust investment strategy, and indeed life in general.  Perhaps Taleb could have given a few more 'real world' examples from outside the world of finance to help people considering these ideas in a wider sense.  Certainly he has written an eloquent and colourful account highlighting important concepts which may influence philosophical thought in years to come, and will hopefully have a practical impact on risk management and regulation in financial markets.
B003EPPEP4|5.0|Nikki Yanofsky has never sounded better!  Excellent musical selections as only she can sing them.
1596912863|4.0|The story was fun to read and I could connect with the main characters obsession of Austen's timeless era. The story wasn't exactly what I was expecting, but neverless enjoyable.
0307454541|4.0|Book starts a little slow but before you know it you're \\"hooked\\".  Definitely want to read the other 2 books that follow this one.  Seller shipped quickly and carefully.  Book was in good condition.  Thank you.
B002WOZKY8|1.0|I'm a teenage girl and I'd just like to say that it's not just the adults who dislike this lack of talent.  I personally find all his songs very annoying and he sounds like a girl when he sings.  A lot of my friends dislike him too.  My younger brother says there are a lot of girls in his grade who adore Justin Bieber, but that is certainly not the case in my age group.  Most of my friends feel the same way I do about this, there is no talent here, just annoyance.  One of the worst artists ever.
0140277447|5.0|Although there are already hundreds of reviews attesting to the above, i felt i couldn't move on without casting my vote and giving those who (still?!) deny this massacre a resounding slap.    I'm from Singapore and i can assure you that Asians, especially those from countries victimized ( i believe the sorry Jap excuse for waging the war was \\"to liberate countries from their colonial masters\\") by the Japs during WWII, were taught in schools that:    1. The Nanking Massacre did indisputably happen;    2. Hundreds of thousands of Chinese (still but a drop in the pail of the total number killed in the entire war), including infants and old women, were raped/slaughtered in cold blood by the Imperial Army then;    3. To this day, more than 60 years after the event, the Japanese government still denies the atrocities committed by its army of \\"liberation\\";    4. To this day, many Asians are still angered by, i'd like to think, a minority of Japanese which includes their leaders, who refuse to acknowledge the above facts - much less apologize for them;    5. And to rub salt in the wounds of all, including the Allies, every year the Japanese PM would pay homage to the War Shrine honoring Japanese war criminals to placate a small but vocal constituency;    6. Japanese history text books still don't state facts about Japan's role as a warmonger in WW II.     How many of the 127 million Japanese really know the truth about Japan's crimes in WW II and Nanking? It scares me to even think about it.    I'm only middle aged but i doubt i'll live to see the day when the Japanese PM do a Willy Brandt.
0470477237|5.0|[[VIDEOID:moSMD5HMCR2QWJ]]Check out my video which explains why I Love, Love, Love this book Socialnomics by Eric Qualman. I am definitely going to recommend this book to all my social media clients both old and new because of its clear and concise explanation about how and why Social Media Marketing works with todays conscious entrepreneur. Great Read!
1433502410|5.0|The free CD that comes with the Bible is excellent.  The Bible is a wonderful study tool. It is easy to read and well organized. I bought the hardback because of the lower price and it is nice.
B000SINT52|5.0|I've seen some of Michael Moore's work and was anxious to see his take on our country. It's hard to digest all these events at once, but this is a film that every thinking citizen should see. You need not depend solely on the media for all your information because much of it is just propaganda. Americans also need ro travel and see the world from various perspectives. There are many hard and controversial observations presented. You must think about which you will accept and which you will reject. It is scary how close we have patterned ourselves to the Roman empire.
B000HWZ5XI|3.0|This album from the legendary rocker Robert Plant is an uneven collection of songs, which still contains some highlights like Another Tribe, The Enchanter, Let The Four Wind Blows and Mighty Rearranger. The rest sounds a bit uninspired and \\"far out\\" to me. And the backing musicians seems also a bit reserved in their playing. I suspect that Plant is unsure in which musical direction he wants to go. Mighty Rearranger is not a bad record after all, but a little disappointment from such a great musician.
0061537969|5.0|I didn't know what to expect from the book but I couldn't stop reading it.  I was sad when I was done.  It is about dogs but more about an outlook on life and the hardships everyone faces.  I loved it.
B000E41MS6|5.0|I am a new fan to Doctor Who. I started watching series 5 (with Smith) on Canada's Space Network and started watching series 1 soon after when they began broadcasting it from the beginning. I am enjoying both but I have a special affection for series 1. I think Eccleston is excellent and he has an amazing amount of charm. (After watching a few epsodes of series 2 online I wish I knew why he was replaced by Tennant). Billie Piper is wonderful as his assistant. She works up a good balance between cheeky youthfulness and wide-eyed wonder. I am now sorry I did not watch the series before! I enjoy the variety of issues they deal with in this series. I also like series 5 so far - Karen Gillan is amazing as Amy Pond.
0307592839|5.0|Record-company executive Bennie Salazar wonders where the years went as he listens to another horrific band of young untalented egos that believe they belong at the top.  Divorced, he feels removed from his tweener son as if he still lives in analog and the kid is digital.  Bennie thinks back to the late 1970s in the Bay area when he was young and part of the punk band Flaming Dildos that thought they belonged at the top.<br /><br />Bennie's former assistant Sasha is a mother hiding out in the desert after a youthful life of impulsive thieving.  Her tweener daughter Alison thinks her mom is out of step with the digital world.<br /><br />Meanwhile Bennie meets Alex who dated Sasha.  He later hires him to obtain the services of fifty paid \\"parrots\\" to pretend to be fans of a group performing at a concert.  His target audience he informs Alexis is the silent future majority who text rather than speak.<br /><br />The key to the five decades of Bennie and others is what happens to a person when cynical age fueled by addictions and complacency overcomes youthful rebellious fervor.  Character driven with a powerful ensemble cast who all seem fully developed, the loci points anchor the epic story line are Bennie and Sasha.  Jennifer Egan is a virtuoso as readers will relish the changes of the information age as music is a terrific milieu as the industry travels from vinyl to cassettes to CDs to DVDs; mirroring society.<br /><br />Harriet Klausner
1416550550|5.0|This is one of those books that I was aware of and interested in reading but just never seemed to get around to doing it.  One of the members of my book group suggested it for our July selection and I was pleased since it gave me the push I needed to actually pick it up and get going.  It is a large book (549 pages) which might appear daunting to some, but after finishing it myself I have to say it was well worth it.<br /><br />Covering three generations and over 100 years, there is a lot of material here for the reader but it's so well done that I finished it in about five days even with lots going on at home.  I found myself picking it up at every chance and when my daughter and her friend went to the pool, I was excited since I could sit on a lounge chair and get a few hours of uninterrupted time.  The opening scene is of a little girl on a boat in London, hiding behind barrels to remain undetected until the woman who put her there can return.  The year is 1913 and the ship sails without the woman coming back so the girl has to fend for herself along the ocean voyage ending up in Australia with nothing other than a small, white suitcase and what will fit inside.  She has been given instructions not to reveal her name to anyone so when she is found, the mystery of who she is continues.  The novel reveals the entire story of who she is, why she was placed on the boat and why the woman never came back to her.<br /><br />Skipping across many years, the reader switches back between the year 2005, 1913, and 1907.  At the beginning, it was hard to keep track of the multiple characters, the multiple story lines and the threads that were beginning to weave them together.  I would recommend that you don't start the novel until you are able to devote some time to it - reading five or six pages one time and five or six pages later will only frustrate the reader and decrease the enjoyment of the book.  Once you get going, you can read it in smaller chunks successfully.<br /><br />The story will keep you engrossed and the writing is so strong that it holds its own against the story's strength.  Character-driven with a strong sense of place (Cornwall in particular), anyone who enjoys a bit of suspense, a good story and beautiful writing will do well to give this novel a try.  I will definitely be going back to read the author's other novels based upon the strength of this one.  Beautiful!you engrossed and the writing is so strong that it holds its own against the story's strength.  Character-driven with a strong sense of place (Cornwall in particular), anyone who enjoys a bit of suspense, a good story and beautiful writing will do well to give this novel a try.  I will definitely be going back to read the author's other novels based upon the strength of this one.  Beautiful!
0060557818|4.0|This novel is a fictional story that combines fantasy and current days London to one compelling adventure that is both very interesting to read and at the same time provokes some thinking about  life and whether that is all that it has to offer. This combination of fantasy and current world is somewhat similar to what can be found in Gaiman's other bestseller, \\"American Gods\\".<br /><br />Without giving away to much from the storyline (as I advice reading this book without knowing what to expect), I can say that the main character, our hero, Richard Mayhew had an ordinary life in London until one decision he makes, a pure altruistic action that most people would pass on, exposes him to a new world that exist below London. Without being asked and against his will he is sucked into an adventure in which he learns about the invisible world below, and about himself.<br />I can divide my reading experience to two: the first and last thirds of the book were amazing. The ideas were new, the story had a great rhythm and I enjoyed it very much. Somewhere in the middle I did get a feeling that  we're walking a kind of a classical storyline that can be found in many fantasy books in which one encounter leads to another in a somewhat  purposeless way.<br /><br />What I was really missing (again for the middle part of the book) are some connections to London above. I would want to observe and learn more about how the world co-exist, and I feel that this idea should have been explored some more. In addition, there are some events that leaves many open questions behind and I feel that some explanations would be interesting (even though I must add that in contrast to unanswered questions in an epic or trilogy, in this case these do not damage the enjoyment to much).  Basically, I think that these two points hint to the fact that the world is not developed enough, or maybe just not described enough. A squeal is indeed in place here.<br /><br />To sum up I can easily recommend this book to anyone, I enjoyed it more than \\"American Gods\\", and will surely grab the next one from Neil Gaiman. For really hardcore fantasy readers who likes complete worlds like the one you can find in the classics, do read, but come with an open mind.t more than \\"American Gods\\", and will surely grab the next one from Neil Gaiman. For really hardcore fantasy readers who likes complete worlds like the one you can find in the classics, do read, but come with an open mind.
B002P6TA94|5.0|This sounds as if they've absorbed every Led Zep and Sabs riff; but still, this is consistently entertaining from start to finish.  I borrowed the regular single disc from my library and gave it a listen to try it out; so, arriving here today I noticed the deluxe edition, and that's likely what I'll put my money on.  I have the first self titled album, and that to me wasn't as good as this.  Somewhat uneven by comparison. Hopefully they will continue to release this sort of quality, and grow as musicians, instead of quoting previous band's work.  (Note; as of 6/25/'10 I've had a chance to listen to the whole of the second disc.  Peculiarly, I find it's much better than the single disc release!  It's almost as if they've suddenly dropped the Classic Rock riff quotations--I didn't note too many--and become their own brand.  Very very good!)
0307341550|4.0|If you're looking for a mystery where the investigation of the crime gets going early on, this isn't it.  the author spends much of the book on her characters, who are far more developed than found in most novels.  the actual work of attempting to solve the crime starts fairly late, but given the quality of the writing, it's worth the wait.
0451228731|5.0|\\"Daemon\\" lived up to its previews - stopped me in my tracks as I thought about how many ways the Internet and computers are insinuated into our lives on a daily basis. The story is entirely plausible, if disturbing....
B000U0F7RG|5.0|This is a wonderful series that I missed when on TV, but am enjoying on rerun.  What is nice about this story of the relationship between mother, daughter and grandmother is fun and clever.  PG-13 level topics might be discussed or suggested delicately, making this a nice transition show from Sponge Bob.  Stories interesting enough to keep the interest of adults with very smart writing.
0307473708|3.0|This is one of the rare occasion where the theatrical portayal of the story is better than the book. I only say this because the the T.V. series actually went into more depth with the characters, seeing that they had to fill up a whole season with the story of the first book.     I liked the book and really liked the main Character Dexter. The author does a great job of place a complex character in a simply story. The only drawback is that the other characters are paper thin compared to the series.with that said what I did like more about the book is that it didn't try to complicate the story. For example, if you watched the series you know that Deb falls in love with the killer. The books leaves that out, which I thought was better.     I'm looking forward to reaing the other books in this series.
B003BZXHX8|3.0|I have collected all of the DVD performances of Barbra and want to have the emotional stirring and goose bump experience she sometimes provides.  This informal and chatty venue lacks that power.  Also she stays out of the higher range of notes.  As my dad has said, I want to hear her sing, but not give political speeches.   this one not a wow for me.
0440539811|5.0|I'm a RAW fan when it comes to this book. Yes, I can admit, some of this book makes no sense. Yes, there are black masses, lots of sex, and mystic mumbo-jumbo. It takes a lot to read this book if you want anything from it.<br /><br />That being said, I love this book. Almost every time I read it, I find something new to think about, to enjoy. It can take a lot of effort to figure out, and I'm convinced that that some of it means nothing, but there's an enjoyment in finishing the book.<br /><br />It's easy to get lost in the text. The narrative jumps from one person's mind to another, sometimes within the same sentence. Plot points jump as well. Oh, and time travel happens to certain characters. It's a trippy ride and drugs definitely played a part in the writing.<br /><br />I can't really tell you too much. You can't sum this book up at all. If you can find a friend to lend it to you, read a little bit and see if you like it. It will be a waste of both time and money if you can't find yourself enjoing the text.
B001FB5634|1.0|This has to be one of the Worse movies I have seen. While waiting for the store to begin all you get is a long dragging movie with no major points other then the end of humanity. It would have been a great movie if there was actually a GREAT story bit none of that is possible. I do not recommend unless you want to lose 2 hrs of your life.
0790742780|5.0|I'm not going to lie: I love this movie more for the fun aspect rather than the social commentary, but I also say that about Night of the Living Dead.<br /><br />The basic story is Bill Foster goes insane, wreaks havoc everywhere he goes, and gets hunted down by a detective. If you look at it just as a movie to watch, think of it as a man who believes society let him down and kicks its ass for it.<br /><br />However, I watched this film for a movie review class once and, while the assignment was to look for technical items, I began thinking about the idea behind the story. Society does seem to have change a lot and, for Bill, not in a good way. Granted, it seemed a bit racial as he destroys a little shop owned by a Korean (by the way, he smashes everything up because soda when up a whole quarter), then is hunted by a Mexican gang. As one reviewer puts it, it seems to be the white man raging against the non-white man.<br /><br />Well, except when he kills a Neo-Nazi because Bill doesn't like his ideas and the Nazi tries to rape him. Or when he feel for an African-American man whose own bank he worked for turned him down for a loan and fired him. And when he yells at two white golfers for taking land and using it solely for the purpose of golf.<br /><br />It's hard to pinpoint one main idea behind this movie. Some ideas are good (like standing up for what you believe in) and some are bad (like raging about what you don't believe in).<br /><br />Overall, it's more of fun than serious, and you might just want to rent it. For me, I love it.
0802798225|4.0|Lately I have been on a major paranormal binge, so was a bit resistant when someone recommended this book to me: a forbidden romance between mere humans. In the end, I caved quite easily; the guy on the cover looked pretty hot and I do love stories about chemistry class.<br /><br />When I began reading, I was immediately wary about the narrative mode: the two main characters take turns narrating alternating chapters. This is a very difficult mode to pull off. Many authors who attempt this tend to struggle with establishing a distinctive voice for the characters (Maggie Stiefvater's Shiver comes to mind). But Elkeles succeeds where others have failed; there is no mistaking the voice of Mexican-American gangster Alex Fuentes with that of his enemy turned love-interest, the blond, beautiful cheerleader captain and most popular girl in the school, Brittany Ellis.<br /><br />Admittedly, it is a cliched story line. How many books have been written about an unlikely high school romance between the most popular person in school and someone utterly \\"beneath\\" them? How many of these romances develop in chemistry class? Yet this story still seemed original. Both characters transcend their stereotypes; Alex is more than an angry gangster who is secretly deeply intelligent; Brittany is more than a jaded prom queen. What draws these characters together is not their differences but their similarities. They are both fiercely protective of their loved ones. Though they come from vastly different socio-economic backgrounds, they both feel as though their family security is held by nothing more than a string, and that they're the only one who can be bothered to make an effort at keeping their respective families together. They are both tempted to slide comfortably into the role that society has given them, and they both lapse into this role on more than one occasion, making the easy choice rather than the right one.<br /><br />At the end of the day, what made this story for me was, cheesily, the chemistry between Alex and Brittany. They resist each other for a long time, and when they finally give into their attraction, it is wholly believable and moving--NOT an easy thing to pull off, especially in YA literature. My hat is off to you, Ms. Elkeles.tween Alex and Brittany. They resist each other for a long time, and when they finally give into their attraction, it is wholly believable and moving--NOT an easy thing to pull off, especially in YA literature. My hat is off to you, Ms. Elkeles.
B0015XHP4K|5.0|Great addition to my collection and a good deal on this set.  A/V quality better than I expected.
B001P22HK8|3.0|I heard about this book on a tech podcast. I think probably only a geek could appreciate a lot of this book.  I am said geek, so I found much of the gaming and techno-babble entertaining.  The plausibility factor, or in other words the readers' ability to suspend disbelief, is somewhat acceptable.  I really only question how one man could pre-conceive all the possibilities that would ensue and have contingencies pre-programmed for them.  The beginning of the book brought me in very quickly.  But the end left me with an \\"okay, so what?\\" feeling.  I say that knowing there is a sequel, but the book must stand on its own merits for the purposes of review.  Characters are only introduced and used when it is their turn to fulfill a role in the Daemon's agenda; some backstory is provided to the more important players, but it feels like unnecessary filler trivia.  They aren't around long enough to care.  But some have stories that do play a role in current events, and so I cared for the well-being of one or two.  But overall, the balance of characterization tips to the poorer side.  I do like the fact that no one is safe.  The problem was, it started out as a pretty fast-paced techno-thriller; in part 2, I was wondering how the world was going to get out of this mess; but by part 3, it had dissolved into political propaganda spliced with sword-wielding, Velociraptor-tempered motorcycles to keep you turning the page.  And really, in the end, there was no conclusion.<br /><br />3-stars for me means I liked it, but I didn't love it.  If you have any fleeting interest in technology, gaming, or techno-thrillers...sure, it's worth a read.
B000AHJJDM|5.0|I will follow you into the dark sounds utterly AMAZING on the wax! If you are wondering why people choose vinyl over CDs and mp3s is simple. In the track, Gibbard uses a Acoustic guitar (by taylor I think)and it is beautiful haha. Anyways, in the mp3 and music video and cd you hear the 5 melodic strings that he is playing, BUT if you listen to the vinyl recording (on proper equipment obviously) you can distinctly hear the sixth string as well. It juts out kind of like it is out of place because if you've ever heard the song without the string it seems so unnatural.     That's how Gibbard wanted it to sound! it is impossible to capture because that high string has a frequency that can barely be distinguished by digital samplers.     The vinyl has an overall deeper, warmer tone to all of the songs and it really shows when you listen to the tracks a second or third time (once the wax has had a run through to get accustomed to your needle). I recommend vinyl over any medium and this is yet another example of how it is better.     I know that vinyl can sometimes cost more than CDs but trust me if you have the means go for it. The more expensive vinyls (read: this one and all other DCfC vinyls) come with the cd in it as well so you can always rip that to your computer and make an mp3. Basically, the vinyl gives you all three. something you don't get from a CD!    Oh and protip! if you have a turntable and you can't hear a difference, try two things! a) make sure you are using a decent set of speakers. You'll only hear what the speakers play anyways. and b) make sure you have an up to date and high quality cartridge! cartridge's can cost a lot but just like tires, it's what comes in contact with the medium and hence is the most important part of your entire vinyl setup!
B000E41MS6|5.0|I used to work with a guy who was a big fan of the older Dr. Who series. I had trouble getting into it for some reason.<br /><br />Recently, the latest incarnation started on BBC America. I was not that impressed. My old friend suggested the episodes with the two doctors who came right before the present one.<br /><br />I just finished the first series of these episodes and I really really liked them. They are just great.<br /><br />The British have a slightly different take on sci fi than Americans I guess and this made it refreshing to me - the voices of the Daliks are too much. It took me a little while to get used to the accents of the characters, but I managed it. They are very likeable so it is worth the slight effort required. The story lines are quite varied and interesting. Where would you go if you could go anywhere in the universe at any time?<br /><br />The doctor in these episodes left the program after this series. He was very good. I am just starting the next series and I am not sure which one I will like better.<br /><br />In any case, give these episodes a try if you like sci fi - sorry for the cheesy rhyme there.
B002BIMNDQ|2.0|As a scientist, the premise of this book is totally valid.  Without a doubt there are many examples of bad science.  This book validly picks up on some of these examples, notably in the health area due to that being the area of speciality by the author. For myself, the book only raised a few new issues most having been known from other books.    However, despite the book's validity on this topic, it was not a great read. Firstly, the writing was poor (the author is clearly a doctor and one wonders if the manuscript was typed from his doctors handwriting).  Sentences were often too long, with poor conjunction, poor use of punctuation and repetition in places. (It seemed the book was prepared as separate chapters in times). It was a hard read in places just to read back to check what was being said.    The author had definite positions (bias'?) in the book and ones wonders how this impacted on his examples he chose - despite this being one aspect he was critical of in the use of bad science.    Clearly the author had more than a passing interest in sex (e.g. semen and orgasms). However, whether he used this to introduce some humour, I am not sure. Instead it felt more 'seedy' than anything as it didn't, generally, relate to the topic when used.  Furthermore, it felt like the author was being holier-than-thou in places, not just a crusade rather a righteousness of being right.  There was not a lot of humility shown by the author and one wonders how different he is to the people he savagely critiques.    Secondly, the biggest criticism is that his main focus is on four individuals. While the examples were valid, I was curious that the book effectively skips over the gross lack of science skills within large drug companies and other corporates. To me the author seemed to pick on the easy targets rather than try to bring attention to the larger corporations.  In this, by the end of the book, I felt the author was being a 'bully', using selective examples. There are some big issues with corporate bad science that needed to be presented as equally, if not more, than these four people were. When corporates - and the media - were critiqued, it was very shallow and weak as they were presented as a group rather than specific entities.     Finally, it was notable that little focus was applied to the internal failings of the science community itself. It is not without cause to consider that the author feels science is somewhat near perfection (i.e. science has all the answers). In reality, many scientists are myopic, selfish and self-serving, just wanting to publish articles rather than to ensure the broader integrity of science. The peer journal power structures reinforces this failure, something that the book did not adequately address, except in passing.    Overall 2 stars, with a margin or error of +- half a star (at a 95% condfidence level).
0199267170|5.0|Shakespeare requires no introduction -- he is \\"the Bard,\\" the most imposing playwright and storyteller in the English language. And \\"The Oxford Shakespeare: The Complete Works\\" brings together every one of his 39 plays, ranging from harrowing tragedies to airy little puffs of comedy -- and even the lesser plays are still brilliant.<br /><br />The plays basically are divided into comedies, histories and tragedies. The tragedies are pretty much... tragic, the comedies are not always funny but end semi-happily, and the histories... well, dramatizations of history.<br /><br />And everybody has heard of the greats here -- the Scottish lord who murders his way to kingship, young lovers divided by a feud, a Moorish general who is driven mad with jealousy, an elderly king whose arrogance rips his life apart,  a very cleaned-up version of Henry VIII's split from his first wife, the goofy Prince Hal and his growth into a great king. There are feuding fairies, bickering lovers, romantic tangles, Julius Caesar's demise, gender-bending, an exiled duke/magician on his island, and the infamous \\"pound of flesh\\" bargain.<br /><br />But Shakespeare also wrote a bunch of lesser-known plays that often can't be so neatly categorized --  a rotten love affair during the siege of Troy, a Roman general attacking his own city, an Athenian gentleman embittered by humanity, Richard III's Machiavellian plot to become king, two sets of twins separated at birth, a corrupt judge obsessed with a lovely nun, Falstaff's doomed efforts to make money, and so on. Some of these (\\"Troilus and Cressida\\") aren't nearly as good as his \\"main\\" body of work, but they're still excellent.<br /><br />For all Shakespeare's plays, it's best to read them AFTER you've seen a good performance. Otherwise, it's like reading a movie script to a movie you haven't seen -- easy to get lost, and the dramatic effects aren't easy to connect to.  But if you've seen performances of any/all of Shakespeare's plays, then his vibrant stories and poetry leap off the page.<br /><br />There are long eloquent speeches, puns, clever linguistic twists, and evocative language that soaks the play in atmosphere (\\"With sweet musk-roses and with eglantine/There sleeps Titania sometime of the night/Lull'd in these flowers with dances and delight...\\"). In fact, his plays are diamond mines of quotations -- some are infamous (\\"To be or not to be\\") and some of which have floated into public knowledge without labels (\\"Cowards die many times before their deaths/The valiant never taste of death but once\\").<br /><br />And while some of his plays are basically fluff, he manages to weave in moral questions, criticism and explorations of the human soul. And his characters range as far as his plots -- kings and princes, teenage lovers, proud but doomed men, bratty queens, the witty but combative Beatrice and Benedick, and even the puppet-master mage Prospero.<br /><br />Shakespeare's \\"Complete Works\\" is a must-have for anyone who loves the English language -- his  writing was unparalleled, and even his lesser plays are a cut above the rest.page.     There are long eloquent speeches, puns, clever linguistic twists, and evocative language that soaks the play in atmosphere (\\"With sweet musk-roses and with eglantine/There sleeps Titania sometime of the night/Lull'd in these flowers with dances and delight...\\"). In fact, his plays are diamond mines of quotations -- some are infamous (\\"To be or not to be\\") and some of which have floated into public knowledge without labels (\\"Cowards die many times before their deaths/The valiant never taste of death but once\\").     And while some of his plays are basically fluff, he manages to weave in moral questions, criticism and explorations of the human soul. And his characters range as far as his plots -- kings and princes, teenage lovers, proud but doomed men, bratty queens, the witty but combative Beatrice and Benedick, and even the puppet-master mage Prospero.    Shakespeare's \\"Complete Works\\" is a must-have for anyone who loves the English language -- his  writing was unparalleled, and even his lesser plays are a cut above the rest.
B0039TD8LW|5.0|While I have all the AC/DC except the Bon Fire set, listening to the CD and watching the video left me a bit disappointed that there were only two Bon Scott songs.    Maybe it's just because I'm an old fart.  Brian Johnson does just as good a job.  Too many criticize that he's not Bon.  No kidding!  And he doesn't try to be.
B000E5N62U|4.0|The most achingly, heartbreaking, eloquent lyric in recent years has been penned by Fagen. From Mona, \\"Things don't seem as dark when you're already dressed in black\\". Thank you Donald. This line is worth the price of the CD alone
0394721772|5.0|I like the emphasis on technique rather than on recipes. I wish I could found more books like this.
B002ZCY7SW|5.0|I've loved this show. I've got all 7 seasons on dvd & can't wait for 8 to be out! I've LOVED watching this show, it's been a mon. nite ritual & had it set to rec in case I couldn't watch. This has been an intense show w/great plots & excellent characters. I admit I'm gonna hate not looking @ Jack Bauer every wk @ least I'll have the series on dvd. They did an awesome job on the series finale! It was a sad day though. It was still going strong w/great stories unlike other series on for so long. I guess I understand they wanted to go off while still @ the top just wish it could've lasted longer. Great job! Ready for 8 on dvd.....Pre-ordered!!
B0039ZF89G|5.0|This super boxset is AWESOME!!!!!!  They even lowered the price from when I ordered the set.  The book is awesome.  The vinyl sounds so warm and rich sounding, as vinyl always does.  The DVD is a little tease as to what is coming.  I preordered the full version.  The more I listen to the disk of extras I think I agree with others, the vocals are newly recorded on some songs and Mick's voice has changed.  Not necessarly better or worse just different.  If you listen closely you can tell the vocals are new.  With Jimmy Miller no longer alive he wasn't able to come in and record the vocals.  I did hear they brought in Mick Taylor to record some additional guitar?  Normally I don't like it when you mess with history/the past but when you can get the original guitarist, who can still play, back in that's ok in my book, very cool.  They could have easily gotten Ronnie to play the parts.  Hopefully in the future we will get some extras that have been bootlegged for years.  Would love to get a disk or two from the Chess sessions in the 60's.  An anthology ala The Beatles-Anthology would be great.  Spend the money and get this set you will not be disapointed!!!!
0345349571|4.0|Barbara Tuchman certainly can write a gripping account. It's a worthwhile read if you want an insight into one of the crazier centuries of our history.     What makes it almost novel-like at times is that the book follows (mostly) the path of one man: Enguerrand de Coucy, who came across to me as the only double agent to be loved by both sides of a conflict. A Frenchman with deep connections to England, he is the perfect character to focus on for a book concerned largely with the Hundred Years War between France and England.    The problem is, Tuchman doesn't handle the Hundred Years War as deftly as she does the Black Death. While her narration of the War devolves into a list of kinglets and mayors, her narration of the Black Death earlier in the book is gripping, scary, even shocking.     If only the whole book had been written like that...
B0039SFKSW|5.0|After hearing rave reviews about this cd, before it was released, I was very excited when it arrived.  The first song may be from an Icon album but who cares.  I had never heard it so it was new to me.  This disk is much better than Phoenix!  Look at the recent setlist from their shows in Europe, they are playing 5 songs from this release and only 2 from Phoenix.  They songs they are playing are the best ones on the disk, I Believe, Holy War, Through My Veins, Finger On The Trigger and End Of The World.  These guys are coming to the states very soon.  If you get a chance go see them you will not be disapointed.
B003AO1SVS|5.0|I like that this is not just another Black Keys album and not strictly blues oriented. You can only listen to so many 1 4 5 blues progressions before you need to move on. For example, I'm a big Jack Johnson fan but every release is pretty much the same and I get bored with the album quickly.<br /><br />Even when they use the 1 4 5 they do so inventively so it's not just a straight blues. The ballads/melodies are alright with me and the hip-hop'esque \\"Too Afraid To Love You\\" is great. Actually, that's my favorite tune so far with \\"I'm Not The One\\" following close behind. I'm still getting to know the album but it's catching on quickly. The one thing I can comment on negatively right now is the falsetto vocals in \\"Everlasting Light\\" and \\"The Only One\\". It's just not working for me.<br /><br />This album is fairly complex and you really need to listen to it a few times before it kicks in. When it does you can't get the tunes out of your head.<br /><br />Update 7/10/10:<br /><br />After listening to this for weeks I'm still picking up nuances that I never noticed. Most songs on this album are either good to great with only a couple of stinkers for me. I just can't get used to falsetto stuff. He can't sing melodies.<br /><br />She's Long Gone and Black Mud sound like they could be on a Quentin Tarantino movie soundtrack.<br /><br />If you want their blues listen to their other albums. This one is different and very good. They captured what they were looking for but modernized it. I'd like to see them do a hifi album next. The lofi thing kind of wares on me after a while.
B000683VI4|5.0|I was undecided about buying this product, because there are other people selling it, but here you'll pay less, you'll receive the same product, and in less time, because the shipping whas great.    The movie comes with two subtitles: English / French, and it comes in a great hard cover that protects your package, also the movie case is fully protected (sealed), ther'es no trick in this product, what you see is what you get.    I was very happy i made my purchase with this people.    Things i didn't like: I didn't receive a tracking number, but the seller always answered all my emails right away. great comunication with the seller.
B00362DRQS|5.0|We already have the original Seven And The Ragged Tiger Album. But this Special Edition Offers not yet released videos the film \\"As The Lights Go Down\\" and another CD with B-Sides and A-Sides that are not available on the album. Nice To have !! ...and A must for Duran Duran Fans
B002RVZV9K|5.0|WEll I was a bit skeptical- how exciting could a \\"documentary about the guitar\\" be? Well, quite exciting, actually.  The true style and unique qualities of each guitarist really shine through. I've definitely developed a new appreciation for the Edge and Jack White through this film. The only downside of the film is that the Edge often looks very out of place. He's more of a musician and sound artist than a guitarist- he's not as skilled at the 6-string as White and Page.  In my opinion, Jimmy Page is the single best guitarist of all time, and it definitely showed in this documentary. The moment he lifted his guitar and began playing a few riffs, the Edge and White became the apprentices- learners trying to fit in with a seasoned master. Page himself is 66 now, but he can still shred like he could in the Zeppelin days. It is easy to tell from Pages white hair, permanent calmness and peaceful demeanor that he has totally mastered his craft.  The film is filled with music, and some great scenes. Among the most memorable scenes are those of Page's playing- including his incredible performance of Ramble On, Whole Lotta Love, and Battle for Evermore (on the mandolin). He's lost nothing with age.  The commentary by the three subjects of the film are articulate and poetic- supported by the astoniching music they've each created.  If you have any interest in the Edge, Jack White or Jimmy Page, you will do yourself a great favor by seeing this film. It far surpassed any of the highest expectations I could have possible had.
1594488843|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed Daniel Pink's newest book, Drive. His three motivating factors - autonomy, mastery, and purpose - are also applicable to learning situations in schools as well as useful when advising students on possible careers. When I work with a student who is college bound and thinking about possible careers, we use these three principles to talk about the values important to them. It usually provokes them to think about how they might make a contribution to society and fulfill their own personal desires and aspirations.<br /><br />I also wrote to the author to tell him that these three principles of autonomy, mastery, and purpose are what drive me as an educational consultant. I enjoy the freedom of working on those things about which I am most passionate. I am always striving to be better informed and insightful in my work with young people. Therefore, I seek that illusive mastery. Lastly, I am filled with a sense of purpose that what I am doing to shape a young person's life is important. His book helped me to understand in a new way why I am also so motivated and driven...and when I explain this to my students, I know they hope to find this kind of career satisfaction for themselves, too.<br /><br />I heartily recommend this book for teachers, parents, consultants, college counselors, and anyone else who is trying to help a young person find their path.
0446563048|5.0|Before I started reading the Delivering Happiness book I though it will be a business only book. However, I discovered a great story about life, development and processes. The book is interesting and funny at times, and especially very human.    It's a very readable and personal and still manage to emphasize important enlightenment about companies and cultures. The first part that talks about Hsieh's childhood entrepreneurial adventures suggest about future doings and how the future will look like for Hsieh. In a way - I wish I would have been this kid that keeps thinking outside of the box to find ways to make money and be independent.    I feel like this book is a great document of life lessons and process of thinking and creation. I salute people that can grow and learn from every life lesson.    The book conveys the idea that despite everything - there is no easy way. And no shortcuts. One usually needs to go through many obstacles, take a lot of hard decisions and be very persistent to succeed so in a way it's a reality check for entrepreneurs and business owners out there. Generally - the book made me optimistic - believe in your way and work hard - the payoff will come.    As a business book - it looks like having a defined agenda for a company, exploring the implantation of 10 larger values to each department along with listening to people along the way and connecting to those around you is a pretty sure way to shape a company to success. Of course, if you can do that while perusing happiness for yourself and the people surrounding you - it's a winner.    Kudos and congratulations on a great book and great story!
B001FB5634|1.0|Ten minutes into this film I knew the end.<br /><br />Fifteen minutes into the film I found myself looking forward to the stupid father getting wasted along with his silly son.<br /><br />I'm surprised I managed to watch the whole miserable, pathetic 1 hour and 53 minutes.<br /><br />The last three minutes was the only entertaining part of this movie although it seemed contrived and unnatural.<br /><br />Plot: The plot seems to be to explore how this post-apocalyptic influenced the psychology/emotions of the father and son and their relationship. The father, who I hated from the very beginning, smothers his son, treating him like a 3-year-old when he is obviously about 10 years old. The son responds by acting like a 3-year-old most of the time (surprise, surprise) by wining, crying and being afraid and helpless. The only thing this pathetic father is good at is scaring the Frackin' shiebe out of his son by instructing him repeatedly how to blow off his head with the .38 revolver and does actually hold the gun to his sons head for about 30 seconds when some scary people are around.<br /><br />This father is so inadequate as a post-apocalyptic father that he evidently has not thought of teaching his son how to hunt or trap or fish which fathers 5000 years ago were doing which is something probably any of us father's could figure out having or having not attended the boy-scouts.<br /><br />Sharpening a straight tree limb for a spear would be a good beginning, duh. Or how about rigging a sling, setting a wire trap, or dropping-crushing trap, or how to make a fish hook out of a twig, or at least a bow and arrow with a tri-tip arrow tip for sticking trout or steel-head or salmon. A lot of the area the picture was taken in was around Mt. St. Helen's, which is crisscrossed with streams, lakes, and reservoirs with native fish in them. With all those cars laying around and with the number of small towns passed through, one would think that might set off a light in the fathers head to use some of the obvious materials at hand . . . like a shattered piece of headlight lens as use for a cutting device for his son. Any of those trucks found in the roads would have some tools left in them that could be very useful for constructing basic survival supplies and survival implements. Grab some of that gut that is laying around with dead people, dry it out and ya have your gut string to string the bow. The one time he does something good like killing a guy with his signal gun, he doesn't steal the guys hunting bow/arrows even though the guy just shot him in the leg . . . o!0.<br /><br />This father's character didn't evolve on iota as far as I could tell. And like I said I couldn't wait for him to snuff-it. I had too, too long to wait.<br /><br />The kid for his part, seems emotionally and intellectually stunned to an astounding degree and like I said, looking about ten years old and acting like he's about 3 with his most intelligent comments being \\"I'm hungry,\\" \\"I'm scared,\\" or \\"I want to die.\\" Additionally, the child delivers his lines is a stilted unconvincing manner, that leaves me with the feeling they are contrived and stilted.<br /><br />Since there is a flashback to the birth of this guy's son, we know they have been post-apocalyptic for many years at least as long as the kid is old. The wife showed the same two bullets that we saw as viewers at the beginning of the film. So they haven't been killing stuff with that gun. And the kid is about ten years old? Just how has this father who is singularly unqualified to keep himself alive for 5 minutes in a post-apocalyptic world managed to keep himself and his son alive for ten years? This makes the story exceedingly unconvincing . . . so much so that my ability to withhold disbelief fails repeatedly (my ability to withhold disbelief is extremely good by the way) and I found myself wondering every few moments how the hell these two could possibly be alive considering they are singularly incompetent in survival skills.<br /><br />Given that this guy's idea for the best way to survive is to spend about as much time as possible out in open terrain, on roads along the most highly traveled portions of this soon to be dead world, lighting raging fires during the night to signal their whereabouts to every predator (person and animals alike) in the area. This guy should have died 5 minutes after the beginning of the apocalyptic.<br /><br />The boy did finally wake up at almost the end of the film and stood up to his pathetic father. Unfortunate, it was too little too late. If this had happened much, much earlier in the film there may have been the possibility of the son (an idiot savant with a genius for survival skills) teaching the father how to survive . . . kind of a reverse fathering from son to father. That could have been pretty cool! Unfortunately, that didn't happen.<br /><br />Even the repeated flashbacks to the father with the mother pre-apocalypse only increased the films confusion, lack of direction, and incontinence. One of the major scenes between them was when her water broke before delivery of the kid and she said, \\"I don't want to go through this.\\" That is supposed to be news? Who cares! Just shut up and have your baby you coward. Like help re-populate the world bitch! This is about the survival of humans as a species ya know. Gees.<br /><br />Happily, for some reason only God knows, she decided to walk out the door in the middle of the night into the dark and bleak forest just having taken off all her heavy jacket and sweaters. Her reason for doing this was something like \\"I don't want to live in a world like this.\\" Boy, better off without her. Kick her in the ass to help her on her way out into the wilds of the night.<br /><br />There is a feeble attempt to try and question the morality of the post-apocalyptic world, when the son insists on giving some food to a couple guys they meet on the road. There is no question about attempting to bring these guys into the social circle of the father and son, oh no. It seems the only people in this soon to be dead planet that continue the tradition of humans gathering in social groups are the bands of cannibals roaming the area tracking, then killing lonely humans. The only other people I haven't mention that cross the path of the father and son before the end of the film, are a woman and her daughter who are run down by a gang of cannibals, chopped up, and I assumed promptly dropped into the cooking pot.<br /><br />But this is a post-apocalyptic film and all could have been forgiven if there was one bit of this film that was entertaining. But for the cinematography, there would not have been one thing I found entertaining about this film. The dialogue was pointless, and worse for most of the movie the dialogue was whispered at such a low tone I could not make it out having watched it on amazon.com Video-on demand (no CC text). No humor, no introduction of interesting characters (even Duvall was a let down . . . he must be getting desperate for parts to be taking trash like that), little violence, no zombies, no sweet looking babes, virtually no character development in the father or son which would have been great as they are both so pathetic at the beginning of the film. Not even a cute little pet to watch bounce around until it too ended up in the cooking pot.<br /><br />The only thing I remained curious about throughout the film was just how bad the film would get, and just how the director would accomplish it.o survive is to spend about as much time as possible out in open terrain, on roads along the most highly traveled portions of this soon to be dead world, lighting raging fires during the night to signal their whereabouts to every predator (person and animals alike) in the area. This guy should have died 5 minutes after the beginning of the apocalyptic.    The boy did finally wake up at almost the end of the film and stood up to his pathetic father. Unfortunate, it was too little too late. If this had happened much, much earlier in the film there may have been the possibility of the son (an idiot savant with a genius for survival skills) teaching the father how to survive . . . kind of a reverse fathering from son to father. That could have been pretty cool! Unfortunately, that didn't happen.    Even the repeated flashbacks to the father with the mother pre-apocalypse only increased the films confusion, lack of direction, and incontinence. One of the major scenes between them was when her water broke before delivery of the kid and she said, \\"I don't want to go through this.\\" That is supposed to be news? Who cares! Just shut up and have your baby you coward. Like help re-populate the world bitch! This is about the survival of humans as a species ya know. Gees.    Happily, for some reason only God knows, she decided to walk out the door in the middle of the night into the dark and bleak forest just having taken off all her heavy jacket and sweaters. Her reason for doing this was something like \\"I don't want to live in a world like this.\\" Boy, better off without her. Kick her in the ass to help her on her way out into the wilds of the night.    There is a feeble attempt to try and question the morality of the post-apocalyptic world, when the son insists on giving some food to a couple guys they meet on the road. There is no question about attempting to bring these guys into the social circle of the father and son, oh no. It seems the only people in this soon to be deadplanet that continue the tradition of humans gathering in social groups are the bands of cannibals roaming the area tracking, then killing lonely humans. The only other people I haven't mention that cross the path of the father and son before the end of the film, are a woman and her daughter who are run down by a gang of cannibals, chopped up, and I assumed promptly dropped into the cooking pot.    But this is a post-apocalyptic film and all could have been forgiven if there was one bit of this film that was entertaining. But for the cinematography, there would not have been one thing I found entertaining about this film. The dialogue was pointless, and worse for most of the movie the dialogue was whispered at such a low tone I could not make it out having watched it on amazon.com Video-on demand (no CC text). No humor, no introduction of interesting characters (even Duvall was a let down . . . he must be getting desperate for parts to be taking trash like that), little violence, no zombies, no sweet looking babes, virtually no character development in the father or son which would have been great as they are both so pathetic at the beginning of the film. Not even a cute little pet to watch bounce around until it too ended up in the cooking pot.    The only thing I remained curious about throughout the film was just how bad the film would get, and just how the director would accomplish it.
0316044695|3.0|Very interesting read. Not that well written (it's obvious the author isn't a writer...and neither am I:)) but the heroism and action within the tale carry it.  This is a great book because you can knock it out in a day.
B002G1YPH0|5.0|This is the first time I was going to overclock my cpu and I bought this one because it was cheaper and had great reviews. The install was a bit tricky for me since it was my first time. I got all the parts mentioned. This is cooler big so remember that. I overclocked a Athlon II X4 630 to 3.4 Ghz easily and was in the low 30's without installing my graphics card. After installing my 8800 gts, the temp. went up to mid 30's. Remember, these are for regular use. After running prime95 for an hour, the temp. at full load was in the mid 40's.    I got my money's worth and since this can also be used for Intel mobos, I'll be keeping this one for a long time.
6305609691|3.0|Just what the world needs, another review of a 31-year-old movie. What struck me after seeing it again 30+ years later is how superficial and pretentious it is and how much it reminded me of 2001: A Space Odyssey.   The bland protagonist in both films travels to a remote location and is the only survivor of his crew (yes, I know Lance was still alive at the end of AN, but he was too spaced out to count). Instead of a crazy computer, the main villian was a crazy Col. Kurtz. Or was he the equivalent of the monolith? Maybe both, who knows. Both films are long, slow, and fall apart at the end. Even the original soundtrack by Carmine Coppola was reminiscent of the Ligeti pieces used by Kubrick in 2001.    AN is merely a collection of set pieces and famous movie quotes, all of which you can see on YouTube, so buy Go Tell The Spartans instead.
B000BSLU2S|5.0|This is the first time I bought a thermal compound since I usually just stick with the stock. A lot, and I mean a lot, of people reviewed this as a great product all over the internet so I got it. It's tiny and small, but you get what you pay for and it works.
1400052173|5.0|I love this book! It has everything that you need for a great book; interesting story, some history, it is very informative (every few pages you go like oh wow I did not know that!) and above it all it is spiced up with humor...I like author's writing style. I kept my copy but bought another one as a gift...So far my favorite book!  After reading it , you wonder... with real people's stories like this one, why bother with fiction?
B003C5FMEE|4.0|I stumbled into this guy (and his band).  So, this is what a New Orleans band sounds like?  Interesting...I must go there...soon!<br /><br />I rate this collection: 4 stars!
B000Z0OX9O|4.0|Is this the definitive Blade Runner soundtrack?  Not from what I can tell.  But who cares?  This is great.  It has most, albeit not all, of the music we loved from the movie, but that doesn't make it bad.  So why only 4 stars?  Because of the few songs it's missing.  Having said that, this is good.  It is Blade Runner.  It is either Soundtrack, or music inspired by the universe that is Blade Runner.  Could have been a tad better, but not worth a low review.  Unless you're an anal meerkat that loves crying.  Enjoy.
0385523386|5.0|This book had me hooked by the third page. I was so eager to find out what happened that I kept reading random pages at the end of the book and ended up reading almost the entire last chapter while I was still technically in the middle of the book.     The story gives us an inside look at the author's year in prison - from the events leading up to her incarceration, to her first few terrified, confusing days at Danbury, to her transfers around the country as she is prepared to testify against a co-conspirator, and finally, to her release. Along the way we meet the people that were an important part of her life at the time, such as prison guards, her bunkies, the women she becomes close to in prison, and the people from her past that were part of why she ended up in prison in the first place.     The author's writing is fantastic - it is incredibly difficult to write a memoir that keeps the reader engaged from start to finish, particularly when you're writing about a period of time when you have long days and nights of almost nothing - or very routine tasks - to do. I really enjoyed her descriptions of prison life, including the hierarchy that develops, the friendships between the women, and the problems with the security guards. Not knowing much about prison life myself, the author really opened my eyes to some aspects - for example, I didn't know that the women took care of each other by helping new arrivals out with commissionary products or the extent to which reentry programs are basically worthless. She also destroys several stereotypes about places like Danbury; I certainly didn't see it as \\"Club Fed\\" by the time I was done with the book.  Finally, I think it's easy to forget that people in prison are human beings too - something the author continually reminds us of.     The author has received several critical reviews here, which is understandable, given the strong views about drug crimes. I have to disagree with any accusations that she doesn't understand the implications of her crime and that she feels she didn't do anything wrong though. At one point in the book (p. 180 in my copy), she talks about how knowing the people who suffered because of what she had done made her \\"recognize the indifferent cruelty\\" of her own past and that she really understood how her choices added to their suffering and addiction. She then goes on to make what I think is an excellent point - that restorative justice would have driven home the point just as well with the added benefit of serving the community.     All in all, an excellent read that I'm recommending to all of my friends.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|Didn't want to wait for the 3D Blu-Ray, such a great movie having watched it twice in the theater wanted to see it again at home.
B0017SWPXY|5.0|This is one of the best books I have read in a long time. This is a book that for days after I finished reading it, I thought about often. I feel like the book is geared toward a male audience with all the references to racing, at times, I found myself lost and using the context to figure out what the author was referring to but that's simply because I know nothing about racing. Great book!
B000FMADWS|5.0|When I first started reading this book I could not, for the life of me, remember what the dang thing was called! I kept confusing it with Hemingway's \\"A Farewell to Arms.\\"     I read this book because The Hubble and I came up with an agreement that we would select a book for one another every other month. We started in May. The book he selected for me was this one.     I approached this book assuming I would hate it. I assumed it was just some war story (The Hubble loves those) and it would be a \\"man\\" book. My assumptions were partially correct. This was a story about war...but it was also so much more than that.     This was the story of Robert Jordan, the dynamiter. Robert Jordan is an American teacher who was called to Active Duty in the military. He was sent to the mountains of Spain to assist the antifascist guerilla units there. His main purpose is to demolish a bridge and assist in the attack against the fascist elements in that area.   During his time with the guerilla group, Jordan begins to know and understand the many individuals who are engaged in the antifascist cause. Jordan quickly comes to care for individuals such as Anselmo, the old man, who is a hunter and hates to kill men. Pilar. the mujer de Pablo, who is considered barbarous. El Sordo...what is there to say about El Sordo? A brave man. A Strong man. A man who fought with everything he had. And Maria...Maria, the cropped headed one....    I was extremely surprised to discover the love story within this book. Jordan's love affair with Maria is an integral part of this story and far from the \\"man\\" book I originally believed it to be. The love that Maria and her Ingles, or Roberto, share moved the Earth. It is a love that will linger in my heart.    This book is both heartbreaking and beautiful. Though it is not a \\"man\\" book, neither is it a \\"romance.\\" This is a book that will dig within the depths of any reader's soul, rip your heart out and replace it with the warm of each character held withinthese pages.    Hemingway has an amazing way with words. He is such an eloquent writer that he draws you in and makes you feel as though you were there in the hills with these people. One passage in particular stands out to me. The scene culminates in a bombing and the description of the ground rolling underneath the character is so intense and so vivid that you believe the ground has rolled under you as well.    Hemingway's voice is astounding. His writing style is...what can you say? How can you adequately put into words how much a book has touched you? Affected you? Engaged you? Does the thesaurus contain words and descriptions strong enough? Bold enough to give justice to the magnitude of feelings and emotions this book evoked within me? Still days after I closed the back flap over the last page...if I think about it too much I'm right back there. Right back in the mountains. On that hilltop. Waiting.    Now, I couldn't remember the name of this book when I first started reading it. However, now I don't believe I will ever forget the title of this stunningly magnificent novel. This journey through the mountains of Spain is not one that you should miss. I highly recommend you immerse yourself in the lives of these people as soon as you can. You will not regret it.
1416550550|4.0|It's been a long time since I've read a book I liked so much that I actually stopped myself reading a few times so the pleasure would last longer! This was one of those books. Beautifully written, lovely pacing, a suspenseful story with enough clues doled out so you started to get horrible creepy feelings, some meditations on creativity and writing...what's not to like?    I deducted a star because I saw the climactic event pretty early on, despite some pretty big red herrings. Otherwise, a thoroughly wonderful book. I've ordered her previous one for speed delivery and am crossing my fingers her upcoming one will be on Kindle!
B000FIMG68|5.0|Season 2 leaves you with the same cliff-hangers that got you hooked on the first season! It's full of adventure, mystery, and fun.
B002KSPKRS|4.0|i can hear enemies trying to sneak up on me from a mile away.  no one ever butt-secks me in COD anymore.      i only gave it four stars because it hurts my ears.  i can only stand wearing them for about an hour at a time.  although that may be due to the fact that my ears are stretched to 5/8\\".
B001FB5634|4.0|I'd avoided getting this movie because some critics said it was a one-way trip to depression - unrelieved grim and grime and hopelessness. However I didn't find that to be the case. Actually, the film didn't depress me at all.    Yes, the terrain the father and son journey through is almost all ashen gray. (Some of this movie was filmed on the remaining wasteland locations of real disasters such as Katrina and the eruption of Mt. St. Helens.) Yes, some of the roving bands of people they encounter on the road are using shocking methods of surviving. Some have fallen to subhuman levels of ruthlessness. But there is redemption along the way too, just as there's an unexpected rainbow that appears over a waterfall. And overall, it's a rare glimpse of a father-son as the crucial nurturing pair, rather than the more usually depicted mother-child.    The kind of apocalypse that might have brought about this post-apocalyptic world is left to your imagination. I'd recently been reading what it must have been like for the dinosaurs after the giant meteor hit in the Yucatan, igniting firestorms and sending clouds of ash into the sky that blocked out the sun around the globe for dinosaur generations. Maybe a meteor could account for this work's apocalypse. But you are free to look for clues and to imagine what disaster, natural or man-made, brought about the desolation of \\"The Road.\\"     Director Hillcoat gives a fairly good, if low-key, commentary on this disc. In addition to telling about the rigorous conditions the actors faced at some of the shoot locations, he tells about his initial attempts to shield the young actor Kodi Smit-McPhee from some of the harsher evocations of death and despair in this film. But in the end he said that the boy was already wise beyond his years (as shown in his brilliant acting job) - and had already known about or intuited the existence of cruelty and death. The Director also compares what he eventually was able to get on-screen with the CormacMcCarthy book on which the film is based.     There are some lapses of logic here, such as why the characters feel compelled to slog onwards with their meager cart full of goods in the first place, rather than staying put somewhere. Some explanation for that is given in one of the deleted scenes. But of course without their road trip, there wouldn't be a movie. And it doesn't really matter anyway.    The film girds the viewer with a determination to survive with some grace and humanity no matter what befalls. It will also probably inspire most of us to cherish and protect more of what we have now - what the characters in this film only have in brief flashback dreams of more golden times.
B0015DYIH2|5.0|This book was amazing! I read it in one day! Perfect ending to a perfect love story! Stephenie does a great job with the storyline! I do not understand how some people can hate this book. I wish there would be 59 more Twilight books! Go Bella,Edward, and Renesmee!
B0017VG66I|4.0|I'm not sure why these two particular westerns were paired in one double-disc set. They do both contain classic western stars, and include classic confrontations between heroes and black-hatted bad men. However, to me, \\"The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance\\" doesn't seem to be quite in the same class as \\"Shane\\" when it comes to acting and overall execution.<br /><br />John Wayne and James Stewart were both well into their careers when they starred in this 1962 movie about the folks of Shinbone and their dread of what psychopath Liberty Valance (played by Lee Marvin) would visit on them each time he rode into town with his crew. Both Wayne and Stewart seem to have settled into imitating their imitators for these performances. They both seem to be playing what would become Rich Little's caricatures of them, right down to Wayne's sashaying greeting of, \\"Howdy, Pilgrim.\\"<br /><br />In spite of this, \\"Liberty Valance\\" has a redeeming conclusion and a host of implications that will leave you pondering for years to come. It poses the eternal question of who is better chosen to lead us -the man of action or the man of principle?<br /><br />The romance of the film centers on a woman's choice between these two necessary pillars of society. The movie makes us aware of our inevitable longing - always for the other. When we have action, we long for stability; when we have stability, we can never quite get the heroic vision of action out of our hearts.<br /><br />By contrast, \\"Shane\\" is perhaps the perfect western. My only disappointment with this disc was to find that \\"Shane\\" was actually made in color! Growing up, I'd just seen it on my black-and-white TV. I actually think it would have been better if it had been made in black-and-white. As it is, the colors of the background Grand Tetons where this film was set and shot detract from the mythic proportions of the players. Shane seems a little less impressive a figure riding into the lives of these plains settlers when we are distracted by the vivid palette of mountains behind him. Nevertheless, Shane ultimately stands up to both the mountains and the bad men.<br /><br />While the \\"Valance\\" disc doesn't contain any bonus features, \\"Shane\\" has a very worthwhile set of extras, including a commentary by George Stevens Jr. (who was on the set in 1953 with his father, the Producer), and Ivan Moffat, the film's Associate Producer. Moffat, the last surviving person who made an important contribution to the film, comes across as a crusty codger now willing to tell all. He gives some grumblingly juicy behind-the-scenes insights into the making of \\"Shane.\\"<br /><br />For example, he reveals, a little ungallantly, that Jean Arthur was past fifty and looking like a gray-haired grandmother when she arrived on the set. However with the help of hair dye and make-up, she was readily enough transformed into the 30-something young mother that her character called for. Moffat also seems to have overcome some initial dislike of Alan Ladd in the lead. He mentions that while most of the actors in the film were conscientiously busy dirtying themselves up to look like authentic farmers, Alan Ladd could be found getting the complete star-treatment - lounging outside his trailer having manicures and his \\"false hair\\" fluffed. Nevertheless, Moffat concedes that, after all the other actors who'd been approached to fill the role, Ladd proved to be fortuitously the best possible choice.<br /><br />You might not find any compelling reason to get this 2-disc set unless you want to economically complete a collection of notable western films. Many viewers might find it enough to have \\"Shane,\\" the ultimate romantic embodiment of the heroic loner who arrives to save the day - and then rides off as solitary and essentially mysterious as he came.
B0039TD7PY|5.0|Exactly what I ordered!  Anyone who loves James Taylor and Carol King will find limitless hours of listening!
B001GCUO5M|2.0|Spoiler alert!!    The trailer for this movie is one of the most misleading I've ever seen.  My wife thought is was going to be a horror movie, as did I to a degree, or at least a suspenseful movie.    25 minutes into it felt like an hour.  At that point I guessed Leo was the crazy one.  As my wife said at the end......that's 3 hours of our life we will never get back.
B000SO7OM0|5.0|All I can say about this production is that it is musically haunting, mezmorizing and a visual treat. Spellbinding does not even come close to describing how wonderful this project is. Weather you are a fan of Worldbeat, Celtic, Scottish, Spanish/Moorish influence, or just any one of the 20-30 instruments used in this production, this MUST be added to your collection of music!
B000CNE092|3.0|Anastasia / B000CNE092<br /><br />\\"Anastasia\\" is an animated historical fiction of the \\"alternate reality\\" variety. Here, the impetus behind the brutal deposition of the Tsar and his family have less to do with social unrest and more to do with a magical curse levied by a disgruntled Rasputin, here voiced superbly by a frenetic Christopher Lloyd. Young, innocent Anastasia - a mere child at the time of this alternate reality overthrow - barely manages to escape the curse, losing her memory in the process, and grows up in a quick cutaway in an orphanage, dreaming of a better life. Fast forward several years and, in an astounding coincidence, the young Ana falls in with a duo of fraudsters hoping to pass the young woman off as the \\"real thing\\" in exchange for a reward from her mourning grandmother.<br /><br />Along the way, audiences will be treated to the usual romantic subplot, a montage of musical songs that will stick in the brain as Ear Bugs but never attain the same level of classic status as, say, Disney musical songs of the same decade, and almost enough whimsy to offset the particularly dark and potentially frightening bits featuring Rasputin as an undead abomination with rotting bits constantly falling off. It is due to these frightening scenes, however, that this movie almost certainly won't enthrall very young children, and the movie lacks the staying power for older audiences. Older viewers will likely be tired by the predictable romantic subplot, and while the music is definitely catchy, the ethereal sadness underlying many of the songs may prevent their being sung again and again by audiences.<br /><br />~ Ana Mardoll
B00005O3VC|5.0|I don't agree with Python's overt anti-religious sentiments they present at times, but I still recommend the movie as the funniest movie ever written.  It's more for adults than children though.  I will never forget the first time I ever watched it.  I almost cried I laughed so hard.  It is a classic which to this day has never been matched for sheer originality and brilliant witty humor.
B001QOGYBI|5.0|Fantastic Mr. Fox / B001QOGYBI<br /><br />One of the funniest movies I've seen all year, \\"Fantastic Mr. Fox\\" creates the perfect combination of an amusing plot, superb voice acting talent, and wonderful animation.<br /><br />George Clooney perfectly voices a dryly witty \\"family man\\" fox who, longing for the carefree heists of his youth, plans an elaborate three-prong attack of the local farmers' larders. Supporting him is an absolutely all-star cast: a patient but fiery wife, a hilariously neglected and disgruntled son, a delightful \\"straight man\\" nephew well versed in karate, and a dozen other quirky and three-dimensional forest friends.<br /><br />As cliche as it may sound, \\"Fantastic Mr. Fox\\" feels almost more like an experience than a movie - a lot of \\"day in the life\\" scenes are shown that are worthwhile and hilarious in their own right, even as they pertain to the plot later in this convoluted and fantastic voyage. Character development is just as humorous and ties in wonderfully with the advancement of the overall plot, or rather plots - since the \\"plot\\" changes and twists multiple times over the course of the movie from the initial heists, to their consequences, to daring fights and rescues, and finally to a new way of life for everyone to adjust to.<br /><br />This movie is a delightful experience - and is one of the few movies that my family insisted on watching twice in a row!<br /><br />~ Ana Mardoll
030726999X|5.0|One can almost imagine first time author Stieg Larsson approaching his Swedish publisher with his 1800 page opus and being told that the public will never buy such a long novel.  \\"Go back to the drawing board and chop it down to something that will fit in a book we can sell\\", and with those instructions Larsson cuts his debut effort into three books of which \\"The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest\\" is the third installment.<br /><br />It didn't happen quite that way, but Larsson had largely completed his third crime fiction block-buster even before bringing the first two to a Swedish publisher shortly before his death from a massive heart attack in November 2004.  The rest is publishing history, and this third installment of the trilogy is now available to American readers in an edition published by Knopf last month.<br /><br />Lisbeth Salander, the series protagonist is an introverted computer hacker recovering from a life-threatening gunshot wound sustained in book two.  Indeed, she spends most of this book under police guard in a Gothenburg hospital, accused by the State of various crimes including the attempted murder of her father.  Having been wrongly institutionalized as a child and abused by older men, Salander does not respond well to authority and her key role in helping investigative journalist Mikael Blomqvist solve crimes in the first two books makes her a most original crime-fighting heroine.<br /><br />Blomqvist is the dapper, middle-aged star of Millenium, a fictional leftwing magazine loosely patterned after a real Swedish publication Larsson had founded to fight facism, racism, sexism and other forms of right-wing extremism.  This time it's a rogue element of Swedish secret intelligence operating in secret under a vague authority granted a generation earlier during the Cold War.  In trying to maintain the cover of a thuggish Soviet defector, they have managed to commit a series of high crimes and misdemeanors against real people, including the trumped-up long term incarceration, since age 13, of Lisbeth Salander in a mental asylum.  By this episode, we have learned that Salander, a 90 lb lightweight, tattooed and body-pierced, is no push-over.  She can crack any computer, has a photographic memory, is deadly in martial arts, and has already saved Blomqvist's life in book one.  This time around she is dependent on Blomqvist and a devoted group of acquaintances to confront and defeat the system, which is trying to put her away for good.<br /><br />To say that this book is hard to put down would be understatement in the extreme.  Chapters are broken down into bite-sized chunks which skip inexorably from thread to thread.  The English translation is so good that linguistically it's hard to believe that the original is in Swedish.  Geographically, however, the Swedish roots are never in doubt; Larsson uses real street names and locations as well as fictional characters patterned on his real-life friends and acquaintances.<br /><br />Swedish movie versions of all three books have already been a big success in Europe, but Hollywood will be putting out its own big screen adaptations, which will surely feature a modern-day Harrison Ford, as a ladies' man who is also a thinking man's action hero.  Perhaps the best news is that Larsson had reportedly finished a good part of a fourth episode, making the continued adventures of Blomqvist and Salander all but inevitable.ation, since age 13, of Lisbeth Salander in a mental asylum.  By this episode, we have learned that Salander, a 90 lb lightweight, tattooed and body-pierced, is no push-over.  She can crack any computer, has a photographic memory, is deadly in martial arts, and has already saved Blomqvist's life in book one.  This time around she is dependent on Blomqvist and a devoted group of acquaintances to confront and defeat the system, which is trying to put her away for good.      To say that this book is hard to put down would be understatement in the extreme.  Chapters are broken down into bite-sized chunks which skip inexorably from thread to thread.  The English translation is so good that linguistically it's hard to believe that the original is in Swedish.  Geographically, however, the Swedish roots are never in doubt; Larsson uses real street names and locations as well as fictional characters patterned on his real-life friends and acquaintances.      Swedish movie versions of all three books have already been a big success in Europe, but Hollywood will be putting out its own big screen adaptations, which will surely feature a modern-day Harrison Ford, as a ladies' man who is also a thinking man's action hero.  Perhaps the best news is that Larsson had reportedly finished a good part of a fourth episode, making the continued adventures of Blomqvist and Salander all but inevitable.
0800105877|4.0|I remember seeing this movie when I was in college and being totally captivated by it. I had already seen the Olivier version as well as a modernist version with Maximilian Schell so I was familiar with HAMLET on the big screen (I had also just seen Dame Judith Anderson's take on HAMLET live on stage). The late 1960s and early 1970s were full of movie adaptations of Shakespeare, most of them highly original and very good. Roman Polanski's MACBETH, Peter Brook's KING LEAR and this production were my three favorites. Like Brook's LEAR with Paul Scofield, this had been a stage production before it went in front of the cameras. The production was shot inside an old railway roundhouse giving it a somewhat claustrophobic feel. This was augmented by shooting most of the scenes in extreme close-up but this helped to draw me right into the drama. I felt as if Nicol Williamson's Hamlet was speaking directly to me in a conversational way. At first I thought his Hamlet looked too old (Williamson is a year older than Anthony Hopkins who plays his uncle) but that feeling quickly passed as I became riveted by his voice and reading of the text. In no time at all, he WAS Hamlet. In addition to the young Anthony Hopkins there was also Marianne Faithfull as Ophelia which meant more then than it does now but she acquits herself well. Look carefully and you can see an 18 year old Anjelica Huston as one of the court ladies.<br /><br />For this version, Tony Richardson streamlines the text so that only the core essence remains. There are no wasted words here. This bothers a lot of Shakespeare purists but for me this is is the ideal HAMLET for the Shakespeare novice to begin with and I would show it first in the classroom. It may seem like a Classics Illustrated version, but it's easier to follow and if you're just starting out that's important. Later on you can see the Olivier or other versions, working your way up to Kenneth Branagh's uncut version which I admire but which I feel is too much of a good thing. Think of this as an indie version of the play which makes the most out of its limited resources. Unfortunately the VHS version which is all that's available in America is a pretty sad affair. Not only is it pan and scan which is always maddening but the print is all beat up as well. I have the Region 2 DVD (available from amazon.uk) which is a vast improvement but even it is in the wrong aspect ratio. I would love to see Sony (who owns the rights to this version) come out with a high quality Region 1 DVD or turn it over to Criterion or someone like them who could do the same. Until then even the old tape is better than nothing as this is a remarkable film document of a legendary performance. After 40 years, Nicol Williamson still rules!a good thing. Think of this as an indie version of the play which makes the most out of its limited resources. Unfortunately the VHS version which is all that's available in America is a pretty sad affair. Not only is it pan and scan which is always maddening but the print is all beat up as well. I have the Region 2 DVD (available from amazon.uk) which is a vast improvement but even it is in the wrong aspect ratio. I would love to see Sony (who owns the rights to this version) come out with a high quality Region 1 DVD or turn it over to Criterion or someone like them who could do the same. Until then even the old tape is better than nothing as this is a remarkable film document of a legendary performance. After 40 years, Nicol Williamson still rules!
1844256383|5.0|Stephen Howard really is an authority on the subject. The manual is great! Very well written and organized, with beautiful photographs. The deep knowledge of saxophone maintenance and repair that Stephen shares in this book covers everything from buying a saxophone through general care to finding and fixing leaks to solving some pretty serious problems. But don't wait 'till you have a problem to buy it. Saxophones are complicated and finicky instruments - Every sax player needs this excellent manual.
B000X107GI|4.0|5 pack of large button blister packed batteries was delivered by US mail for a good price (Maxwell brand).  Works for me.
014241543X|5.0|This book was a little slow to start but once I got into it, I could not put it down!  It's a very sad and hopeful story and I felt heartbroken for the book's main character Mia. I loved her family and her boyfriend Adam in the book.  It poses the question, what would you choose if your life ended up in this tragic situation??  In the end, I felt so torn for her!  I am not an emotional person and I was very teary-eyed reading the last few pages!  Would highly reccomend this book!!
B002KH4KSY|1.0|Ok, i am the most forgiving person when it comes to remakes on classics that i LOVE. I liked Rob Zombies Halloween and Halloween 2 remakes, it was totally diff and was it's own movie. The Friday the 13th remake disappointed me, but I was ok with it and still bought it. So when I heard about this one and even read the reviews I still gave it a chance, boy was I wrong, this was a total taken word for word from the short story, which I read a few days before I watched this remake. I actually liked the short story so I went into this movie with an opened mind. So I am going to say, that the problem is not the script, but more or less the presentation of it. The burt was ok, but the lady playing vicky was annoying as hell and made me wanna stab sissors in my ears. The kid playing isaac was boring dull and talked with a monotone voice, was not creepy, was not scary was not imposing or anything and made me wanna fall asleep as if I was in an old baptist church listing to a dull sermon. The guy that played Malachi was a joke he was not scary and did not have the same power the guy from the 1st was had. It was very thrown togather and sloppy. I also hated the teen sex secne in front of 9 year old kids, thought that was very tacky and not tastefull. Avoid this movie its not good and will make you fall asleep. In stead read the short story and put your own face to whats going on its much better that was your not missing much.
1423113381|5.0|I always try to cast a book for the movie that will eventually be made, and I think Jaden and Will Smith would could bring these terrific characters to life!  There have been complaints that Jaden's first movie was a remake.  So, this would be a great original movie for him to star in.  Now the question is...  who would play his sister?
0061537969|5.0|I recommend this book highly, but if you are not a dog lover it's probably not going to have the impact it did on me. The dialogue is sparse, but perfect for this type of story. It's narrated by a dog. The racing references seem correct and appropriate for the story. This has more intellectual meat to it than a Mitch Albom novel and doesn't drag on like a Sparks book. Heartwarming and heartbreaking at the same time, the book truly touched me. Well worth the 16.00 I paid for the hardcover edition.
0785126708|3.0|\\"World War Hulk\\" is the only logical outcome to follow \\"Planet Hulk\\" but when all is said and done it doesn't satisfy the way \\"Planet Hulk\\" did.  Now don't get me wrong, it is a great story and John Romitas Jr's art is exceptional it's just that the second chapter isn't as captivating as the first.  But like any story both chapters must be read in order to get the whole story.  There is little here that could come as a surprise to any Hulk fan as Hulk stays true to his MO (Hulk Smash!)  But lets face it that is one of the reasons that we began to read Hulk when were in single digits.<br /><br />In the end I can only say if you read the one you have to read \\"Planet Hulk\\" you have to read \\"World War Hulk\\" in order to complete the story.  Prepare yourself for the ultimate \\"Hulk Smash!!!!\\"
0307463745|5.0|I lost my job in the midst of this economic downturn, and ordered this book the day after I had been \\"eliminated\\", based on the recommendation of a loved one who is a Ruby programmer.  Well, let me tell you, if you don't know anything about software, frameworks, coding, forking, etc, you will be just fine. These principles apply to ANY sort of work environment, and EVERYONE should read this book.  The maxims on the back cover really say it all.  Jason Fried and David Heinemeier Hansson, et al. reveal their tried and true practices, but also the wisdom of many companies and individuals who defied convention and their success is bountiful because of it.  This book will make you rethink work culture, and maybe even bring out the entrepreneur in you.  Seriously, there is gold on every page.  Even the layout of the book itself breaks the mold.  I would also recommend listening to the free podcasts of material at the 37signals Podcasts on iTunes about the book for some additional insight.
B00393R1ZC|5.0|Finally!  Have waited for years for the full set to be available.  Worth the wait!
B002VPE1B6|5.0|My wife and I watch the Avatar movie and thought it was a really Great movie. Alot of action and fast pace parts.
B0017APPT8|5.0|Great movie for a great price. The quality is excellent with a few good features. This will be a movie that people will talk about for some time. Two great stars with a sense of humor that never gets old. I love having it in my collection.
B0019N8P2W|5.0|Best show MTV ever aired! Daria is awesome! My first crush on a animated person, TRENT! I'm 30 now, and I got this so my kids could watch this. Picture and sound is great and lots of bonus stuff. A must buy for everyone!
B003Q5CO6Y|5.0|I completely agree with the previous review that this episode was masterfully done. The acting was superb as most scenes captured tension, compassion with a dash of irrationality simply through conversation amongst characters. Also noticeably striking were camera angles, shots, and lighting in most scenes. The show truly deserves high acclaim and \\"Health Measure\\" definitely justifies that. I've read that many viewers didn't care for the \\"Fly\\" episode, but this episode certainly makes up for that one as well. Simply put, the story line is a hot potato of vengeance, power, protection, and unpredictability. You'll be surprised how often throughout the episode viewers will feel the burn caught from scene to scene.
0307454541|5.0|In all honesty I did not read the book; I saw the movie which led me to buy the book for<br />my wife. Since I have read the second book and am deep into the third one. I seldom read<br />fiction, but this trilogy got me hooked after seeing the movie. Fun stuff and memorable.
B003AOAXGE|5.0|Peter and the Wolf was absolutely wonderful!  My music students loved it and have asked repeatedly to see it again:)  This is a MUST have and MUST see video.
0374531269|4.0|As I now notice also from other readers, there are unanswered questions about Ishmael's involvement in each and every story in the book. I see it as a compilation of many other people involved and the author tied it all together in his version, and sometimes he was using drugs (marijuana and cocaine). As with any survivior or victor in a war, they get to tell the story. Overall I'm glad UNICEF got him to rehab - no person from 13-16 should have to through such horror and uncertainty, and be exposed to endless cruelty and depravity. I'm glad he was able to be saved and regain his humanity,  and able to tell the story of what was happening in Sierra Leone.
B001GCUO5W|5.0|This was a great movie, stunning setting and excellent actors. I wish I was not as smart as I am, as I figured out what was going to happen half way through the movie. I did enjoy this flick and I think most people will.
0684857219|5.0|I purchased the original book many years ago which helped tremendously and this new version is awesome. If you ever thought about entering a bodybuilding contest for the first time. Buy this book.
B0007GAEW6|5.0|Being new to the world of Prog Rock I wasnt sure how much i would like this album. But after listening to it the first time i fell in love with this album. It is an amazing piece of work and i would recommend this for anyone, whether they love prog or are just starting to experience it.
B0029DKK4M|5.0|This is a great book and story from World War II about a place and people neglected in the history books. It's a great read about how poeple survive and maintain a sense of community during trying times.
B0037SQ3C6|5.0|I ordered this CD right away after attending Yundi Li's recital at Carnegie Hall, NYC 2010. I was totally enchanted by his rendering!    This CD has it all. The whole Nocturnes repertoire. Its truly a Must Have.    5 stars!
B001IF252M|5.0|I used this to connect my macbook pro to my sony lcd tv and it works great
B0001MDP3G|5.0|Cold Mountain is one of those movies that I have to watch everytime it comes on television. However, after so many commericial-interrupted viewings, I decided it was time to actually buy the DVD. And it was on sale!
B002KQ6BT6|5.0|Outstanding, all his books are good and they keep getting better.  I can't wait until his next one.  They really make you think!
B000K4X5XA|3.0|This is one of those movies I would normally give 5 stars. I'm only giving it 3 stars and here is the reason. I am tired of these movie studios releasing Director's cut movies with no option to just watch the Theatrical version. I didn't want the added footage and I held off for a long time buying this but it seemed there was never going to be a blu ray version of Superman the theatrical version. I want to see movies the way I did at the theater not the way they think I should see it now. As far as I'm concerned the Director's cut should be the one they play at the theater - we should always see films the way the Director wanted it - If your going to alter it, then get another Director to Direct it or leave the title to the Director completely out of it. There ruining my memories of great movies with this crap and I hate it. I give two thumbs down to Director's allowing their works to be altered and then later saying this is how I meant you to see it but i'm just a studios Bit**. Shut up, if you must give me the added footage as an option not as a required only version.
B001EB5BEO|5.0|Amazon has a habit of lumping reviews of various versions of album releases in one place which unfortunately causes lots of confusion especially when you actually want to buy one version and you end up not being sure if you are actually ordering the right version.  This review though is for the mini-lp replica sleeve (mlps) version that has been recently released by our Japanese friends with the SHM treatment over the previously remastered version.<br /><br />This album is very good by any standard and certainly hit the mother lode for Dire Straits a band named after the state that they found themselves in before the release of their first album and hit single \\"Sultans of Swing\\" and so the transformation from then till this blockbuster commercial hit was indeed astounding!  Owing a great deal to the MTV video that I still remember first seeing when it was first released all those years ago of \\"Money For Nothing\\" and an infectious guitar riff running thoughout the tune the album is made up of infectious melodic singles in addition to this such as \\"So Far Away\\" and \\"Walk of Life\\" as well as more familiar material reminiscent of their earlier albums (\\"Ride Across the River\\" sounds like it could easily fit in among the tracks of the \\"Communique\\" album and \\"The Man's Too Strong\\" could do the same on \\"Love Over Gold\\" for example) \\"Brothers In Arms\\" is certainly more commercial than the others but no one can begrudge the band this success as albeit more commercial sounding, this is still an excellent album.<br /><br />Still, \\"Love Over Gold\\" for me is still their best album overall for strength of material and overall cohesion and flow but \\"Brothers In Arms\\" comes in a close second.  This album has always been very well produced and mastered and so with the remastered version here you can rest assured that the sound quality is very good and the mlps design is fairly well done as well.  Also included is a 12 page booklet with all the lyrics in English and Japanese as well as a cardboard square resembling the center circle of the original vinyl release.<br /><br />Overall a very good Dire Straits album and a decent mlps version as well with good sound quality and certainly content.<br /><br />Highly recommended!square resembling the center circle of the original vinyl release.    Overall a very good Dire Straits album and a decent mlps version as well with good sound quality and certainly content.    Highly recommended!
B0039ZF8D2|5.0|This album is the must have record for summer 2010.  Damian and Nas are a great collabo - finally, thanks to Jr. Gong, Nas has some consistently great music to go with his always impressive lyrics and flow.  This is genre fusion at its best because none of the songs sound like they belong on a typical hip-hop or reggaeton album; sonically each track is unique but all of them will have you nodding your head and singing along.  You don't have to be a fan of either of these artists to appreciate and love this great music they have produced; if you are already a fan of either or both, I am not exaggerating when I say you are going to go bananas when you hear this album and will consider it a classic, I promise.
0882709194|1.0|Origin of Species 150th Anniversary Edition    This book was NOT what I expected.  The largely unannounced forward, in large type, 50 pages long, by Ray Comfort was a Creationist blast AGAINST Darwin and the book itself. Then the book itself followed in very small barely readable type.  But it sealed my desire to read, once again, this beautiful and marvelous book the true foundation for ALL modern science.  Franz Froelicher
B001MYIXAW|5.0|I saw this movie originally on my Netflix instant play and can only say it is possibly the *best* vampire movie I've ever seen. While detractors might say that its not in English, the film captures the native Swedish accurately through subtitles in the \\"theatrical subtitles version.\\" There has been a lot of controversy over the subtitles of this dvd since it came out. Apparently Magnolia had a company do the subtitles for the dvd release and these did not capture the nuances and intricacies of the actual dialogue from its theatrical version. Fortunately, this has been fixed and amazon has confirmed that they are now selling the correct \\"English (Theatrical)/Spanish\\" subtitles version. I just bought it a few days ago and can confirm this is indeed the case.<br />The film: its really a coming of age story in which a young boy meets a lonely young girl living next door. she only comes out at night and they develop a strong bond, as both are marginalized, one by bullies in his school, the other by her vampire nature. The film never gives you the impression that vampirism is a good thing or even explains how the little girl became one, but somehow that is not important. The movie is about the humanity of the characters and the existential drama that plays out. Its heartfelt, touching and in parts sentimental without being melodramatic or whiny (Twilight). I believe it was nominated by the BAFTA's for Best Film.
B0019N8P2W|5.0|Okay, so the original music isn't there.  And instead of a nice little booklet insert we get a slip of paper half-heartedly apologizing for lack of said music.  But when all is said and done, this collection kicks ass.  All the episodes are there, both movies, cast interviews and so much more.  The generic music in place of the 90s music is actually pretty good and there are only a couple of instances where the original soundtrack would've added to the scene.  If you love \\"Daria\\" you will plotz over this.
030726839X|5.0|Mr Hastings, a prolific and award winning author, has written a book on the life of Winston Churchill during the war years that neither sets him on a pedestal or to the other extreme mire him in the muck and fog of war and politics. From my perspective, the narrative is a balanced account of the Prime Minister giving praise when deserved but also criticism when deserved.    This book does not seek to retell the full story of Churchill during the war but rather to present a portrait of his leadership as Prime Minister, set in the context of Britain's national experience. And with that qualification, I thought his narrative was worth five stars.  The author provides much information on the deeds of Churchill and provides many quotes and diary entries from fellow politicians, the military and the British public. Alan Brooke who intimately worked and advised the PM and had to constantly curtail Churchill's impractical military operations is quoted the most. WC's wife Clementine also provides insight as well as his friends.    The book is laid out step by step chronologically beginning with WC's ascension to Prime Minister and the German invasion in May 1940, to the dark days of U-boats and the Luftwaffe striking British cities and her ships, to give comfort and motivation to the British public, to influencing FDR's participation in the war, to dark days once again when toward the end of the war WC lost his influence with FDR and saw the victory of German defeat overshadowed by the hegemony of Soviet domination of Eastern Europe.  The coverage of the war with regards to Churchill's influence, both good and bad, was broad and worthwhile and included the campaigns in France 1940, North Africa, Italy, Balkans and again in northern Europe 1944-45. Churchill was constantly fighting at home as well, fending off political opponents who disagreed with his decisions and were trying to relieve him from office. Another chapter covers Churchill with Stalin and the Eastern Front which was probably my favorite chapter in the book. The author discusses the extensive spy ring Stalin had in place in London and Washington; Stalin was aware of many things and knew that Churchill's promises of a second front in France in 42 or 43 was a deception. The chapter also points out that the aristocratic heritage of WC and FDR as well as the anti-Communism ideologies of the two would be too much of a hurdle for Stalin to truly trust his partners. Its also stated that the belief of the two western partners could befriend and control Stalin as being totally naive, vain and delusional.  The book also has a few maps and some interesting photos to study. It also has a decent Notes section, Bibliography and Index.    Just like FDR, WC did not keep a diary while in office; he did not want to expose his follies and inconsistencies to posterity so the author points out many times from quotes from WC, his intimates and opponents that Churchill as PM was mindful of his potential role as a stellar performer upon the stage of History. While Chamberlain shied away from that performance, that duty, Churchill eagerly sought it out and relish it. This was his opportunity to erase the humiliation of the failure at Gallipoli and to forge a new bolder history for himself and Great Britain no matter what the costs.     By these quotes, the judgments and reactions of the British public are also brought out to give the reader the collective opinion of WC's performance throughout the war.  If you're looking for one book of WSC during the war years, this would be a good candidate. It carefully weaves Churchill's reasons and motivations for his actions within the framework of WWII, letting the reader understand the influence, good and bad, that Churchill had on the war and its participants.
B000001ELP|4.0|This disc almost destroyed the bands career because they forgot their mission statement \\"to provide awesome metal or hard rock\\" . They could have released this disc as side project in the same year as a hard rocker like 'lick it up' though and it would have not angered anyone!  Fans would have said ok, you gave us what we wanted and here's a concept disc project that you did for fun. But coming after a pure slick pop disc 'unmasked' this was almost the kiss of death.<br />On it's own merit though 'the elder' is a great concept story disc. It should have been made into a movie and could still be done with cgi to make a cool flick.  It has some solid songs here and one of the best songs about making it ever on it. \\"I\\" in which you believe you can make it without being a slave to drugs or anything else. and the ballad 'world without heroes\\" is a true classic song about a sad world without enough heroes.  Those two songs are as fine a song as many a band ever made. Still this is a concept disc with a choir even on  a few songs, now that was fine on 'great expectations'  but here it's part of a soundtrack and some fans at the time were not happy at all. but I bet if they had put out two discs that year then noone would have complained , you'd have the hard rocker and the concept one.  Even though this is from the early 80's , that should have been brought up to the band at the time. But if you are in the mood for a concept disc and one with a few great songs on it then you'd do worse than buy this one.  But if you've never bought kiss before buy something else like 'destroyer' first and then get this one.
0783219695|5.0|Gene Kranz (via Ed Harris in Apollo 13): \\"With all due respect, sir, I believe this is gonna be our finest hour.\\"<br /><br />We had made it to the Moon!  Now, with Apollo 13, we were returning to conduct more experiments and to refine the technology for space travel.<br /><br />But an explosion disabled the mission on the way to the Moon, and the mission goal became the safe return of the three astronauts, Jim Lovell, Jack Swigert, and Fred Haise.<br /><br />The reviews of this film have all been written.  Suffice it to say that actors Tom Hanks and Ed Harris were magnificent, as was Gary Sinise and a whole host of lessor actors representing the Apollo ground crew.<br /><br />Ron Howard really directed a wonderful tale of this chapter in space exploration.  I wonder how audiences will react to it 50, 100, and 500 years from now?  It is a great story, and should continue to entertain audiences for generations.
B000001ELR|5.0|This cd was the one that brought back kiss to their mission statement of making kick butt rock and roll. And with songs like 'war machine' which influenced everyone from stone temple pilots to many a hard rockin band is a great example of this.  \\"I love it loud' was the worldwide \\"hit\\" on this one and it's a great song with a really cool video. The last two discs almost destroyed the band although they weren't bad discs they weren't what fans wanted. Kiss could've released this one though and 'the elder' in the same year and it would have been different. As in here's a rockin cd and here's a fun side experiment that we did \\"a concept album!\\" but this one sure helped bring them back into fans hearts.  Although I enjoyed the last two discs , one was a pop disc though!  the band returned to form here.
B001XRLWPQ|4.0|I began watching this series during Season 1's finale and was hooked.  Season two was absolutely amazing; Season One is very good, but the writing definitely picks up during season two.  For this reason, and for the fact that it's only 10 episodes (a mid-season pickup), I am rating it four stars.  This is a great purchase, though...I highly recommend it!!
B000SQJ27I|1.0|The worst sin a performer can commit is to bore his audience. Whereas in \\"Clandestino (1998)\\" and \\"Proxima Estacion Esperanza (2001)\\" Manu Chao plays around with the same rhythms and melodies between songs, many of the tracks were interesting enough - and the interchangeability of the tracks, a novelty - to clam up most of us who complained he plagiarizes himself the same way Woody Allen recycles his own one liners film after film. But after waiting 6 years for his next studio effort (unless you count the France only extremely expensive release \\"Sib&eacute;rie m'&eacute;tait cont&eacute;ee\\" (2004) - or the truly repetitive yet true representation of a live Manu Chao show - Radio Bemba Sound System (2002)) - the pent up anger and disappointment can only rise to the top, in an inevitable expression of fury at being cheated by a 5 foot 3 inch guy (with platforms) when he presents us- the fans, the foolish young consumers, and the public at large - with a collection of - yet again - badly recorded, perpetually recycled rhythms and melodies that only a couple of staggered beats, can barely qualify them as \\"songs\\".  Perhaps Mr. Chao should spend more time rewriting his songs, and hiring a good producer, than smoking dope all day, since, for all that it may be worth - Not only \\"do I NOT hear a single\\", but also it is a GG Allin's signature offering in the face of those who attend his shows and buy his records
0307454541|5.0|As I write this review, I am sitting at my desk feeling like a loafer for lack of sleep. I got into bed last night at a healthy 10:00pm and decided to read a few pages of Girl With a Dragon Tattoo before shutting off the lights. At 1:45am I was still awake and had read 175 pages without even realizing it. This book starts out with three equally compelling narratives: 1.An eccentric and highly disturbed PI is given an assignment to investigate a recently maligned financial journalist, 2. Said financial journalist is likewise given an assignment to research the history/mystery surrounding the disappearance of a young female member of a prominent Swedish family 40+ years ago, and 3. Said prominent Swedish family turns out to have an exceedingly dark and twisted past. For about the first 200 pages the story moves along a fantastic clip; each of the many characters really take shape, and histories and back stories are well laid out. After the 200 page mark, the story becomes an addiction. More than once I found myself to have knots in my stomach and goose bumps on my arms, I was extremely irritated to have silly interruptions such as WORK, and my sleeping patterns were quite disrupted as I previously discussed above. Unbelievable book; 100% recommended. Rating: 5+ out of 5 stars Suggested With: Unemployment
B001C4AFOY|3.0|This movie gives you an insight to Victoria's life before she became queen.  I highly recommend it to those of us that are interested in European History.  It also gives anyone a feel of life for royalty.
B0036TGSR6|4.0|I wasn't sure about this movie initially, but it was one of the options on my trans-pacific flight and starred Pierce Brosnan and Ewan McGregor so I thought I tried it. I typically don't like these sorts or mystery thrillers, but this one was pretty compelling. Aside from the fact that the Brosnan character (Prime Minister Adam Lang) sounds suspiciously like Tony Blair, the plot is both original and well-developed. It takes some great twists and turns. Definitely entertaining, Brosnan and McGregor give great performances. Recommended.
030726999X|4.0|Let's see how things were left in \\"The Girl Who Played with Fire.\\" Salander had been shot three times by Zalachenko, and then buried alive by the blonde giant. Despite that, she came up from her grave, badly wounded Zala with an axe, and passed out in his house. Blomkvist arrived and had her airlifted to a hospital for emergency surgery. The third volume in the Millennium Trilogy ends up bringing many matters to closure. It is not as taut as the first two works in the series, but it is satisfying nonetheless.<br /><br />The first part of the book focuses on Salander's fight to return to health. There are a number of other plot lines as well. A body within Sweden's national security agency had been responsible for implementing Zalachenko's defection to Sweden from the Russian GRU and, thereafter, handling him. When Salander had tried to stab him and later burn him alive (when she was twelve), they had moved to protect him, having her institutionalized and declared incompetent and psychologically disturbed. After her defense against two biker thugs and her assault on Zala, they want--through the medium of the police--to \\"put her away\\" and continue to protect the state secrets associated with Zalachenko. Simultaneously Millennium and its staff are working to clear Salander's name and establish the nastiness of the secret organization that had violated Salander's civil rights for many years. And, finally, the Swedish government begins to look into the rogue outfit as well. Believe it or not, all these threads come together during the trial and its immediate aftermath. Hence, Lisbeth's trial becomes the centerpiece later in the book.<br /><br />And, as with all the books, one of the key highlights here is how Salander herself uses her computer savvy and her hacking ability (along with the skills of her hacker friends) to discover information to assist her own cause. Her PDA is snuck into the hospital, and she begins her research there, with great stealth. She also continues her virtual discussions with Blomkvist (since she discovered that he would not be faithful to her in Book One, she had written him out of her life--but they continued to communicate virtually). Her friends and she develop information that will prove valuable later on.<br /><br />The culmination of the book is the trial. Here, a key witness against Lisbeth is the grim Dr. Teleborian, who had shackled her to her bed while she was institutionalized something like 360 days out of the two years she was in the institution. He also created a report indicating that she was uber-violent, mentally disturbed, psychotic, perhaps schizophrenic, etc. Trumped up, but these charges were all made public during the second book, making Salander seem like a very crazy person, who was a credible suspect in the three murders at the heart of \\"The Girl Who Played with Fire.\\" Salander's attorney, Blomkvist's sister, develops a crafty strategy, using an autobiography created by her client to draw fire from the prosecutor--only to demonstrate the truth of her charges. Her background work exposing Teleborian leads to an amazing conclusion to the trial, just as the government crackdown on the rogue operation occurs as well.<br /><br />There are some problems with the third volume in the trilogy. There are episodes that go nowhere and divert attention from the trajectory of the story. For instance, Erika Berger moves from Millennium to another publication. The story meanders and then she returns to Millennium. The only part of this story that has much connection to the rest of the book is how Salander uncovers an employee who was harassing Berger. It also seems that there are more plot lines than needed, leading to, again, a kind of fragmented flow to the work-as-a-whole.  Just as a final example, the trial itself seemed kind of odd in terms of procedures. I'm not sure how the Swedish justice system operates, so perhaps I am mistaken. But it looked to me like Lisbeth's attorney was accordedway too much flexibility in presenting her case. I wonder if the author's premature death affected the tightness of this work? It simply is less focused than the first two volumes.<br /><br />There are also some threads that are left dangling (understandable, since Larsson conceived adding additional volumes). What of Lisbeth's twin sister? What does the future hold for Blomkvist and Salander, as they seem to have reached some sort of rapprochement at the close of this volume? What will Salander do with her ill-gotten wealth (her fund manager had argued strongly that she needed a plan for her fortune)?<br /><br />Nonetheless, this is a captivating book that draws one along as it moves to the close. Across the three books, Lisbeth Salander has clearly grown and matured, while remaining tough and resilient and self-reliant. She is still socially awkward and can be violent if threatened. But she now has a sense of indebtedness to others, for their help or support for her--something that would be hard to imagine from her in \\"The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo,\\" where she strove not to allow people to affect her (e.g., on pages 687-688, she acknowledges her female lover Mimmi, Dragan Armansky, Blomkvist, Berger, police officers, the boxer Paulo Roberto, and so on). As she thinks about it, \\"She did not like feeling beholden to anyone.\\" Her slow dance with Mikael Blomkvist--even when they are not physically together--has some charm to it, as the two of them work out some kind of relationship that they can accept. As a reader, I deeply regret that the projected future volumes will never be written, given Stieg Larsson's untimely death.enting her case. I wonder if the author's premature death affected the tightness of this work? It simply is less focused than the first two volumes.    There are also some threads that are left dangling (understandable, since Larsson conceived adding additional volumes). What of Lisbeth's twin sister? What does the future hold for Blomkvist and Salander, as they seem to have reached some sort of rapprochement at the close of this volume? What will Salander do with her ill-gotten wealth (her fund manager had argued strongly that she needed a plan for her fortune)?    Nonetheless, this is a captivating book that draws one along as it moves to the close. Across the three books, Lisbeth Salander has clearly grown and matured, while remaining tough and resilient and self-reliant. She is still socially awkward and can be violent if threatened. But she now has a sense of indebtedness to others, for their help or support for her--something that would be hard to imagine from her in \\"The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo,\\" where she strove not to allow people to affect her (e.g., on pages 687-688, she acknowledges her female lover Mimmi, Dragan Armansky, Blomkvist, Berger, police officers, the boxer Paulo Roberto, and so on). As she thinks about it, \\"She did not like feeling beholden to anyone.\\" Her slow dance with Mikael Blomkvist--even when they are not physically together--has some charm to it, as the two of them work out some kind of relationship that they can accept. As a reader, I deeply regret that the projected future volumes will never be written, given Stieg Larsson's untimely death.
B002JCSWV6|5.0|I've always been surprised that there haven't been more Hollywood movies about Nelson Mandela. [[ASIN:B002JCSWV6 Invictus]] was worth the wait however. Rather than focusing on the obvious storylines of apartheid South Africa and the transition, [[ASIN:B002JCSWV6 Invictus]] looks at Mandela's relationship with the white Afrikaner rugby team. Overall, the film works amazingly well both as a political biography and a sports flick. Morgan Freeman really comes across as Mandela. Matt Damon does a good job as the rugby team leader (although he's a bit stiff, as usual). There are some great emotional moments, such as Mandela's request for updates about the rugby team during a business meeting in Taiwan. I'm glad [[ASIN:B002JCSWV6 Invictus]] chose to portray Mandela in this moment during his presidency. It says much about the man and the power of sports.
B001GCUO5M|2.0|Two U.S marshals (Leonardo DiCaprio and Mark Ruffalo) are sent to investigate how a woman disappeared from her room at a remote insane asylum. While Dicaprio's character, Teddy is at Shutter Island because he thinks the man that killed his wife in a fire is there as well.<br /><br />  If the movie actually stayed on course with that plot, it would have been really good. I was thinking in the beginning of the silliest and stupidest way the movie could end and what the twist could be and....I was right!<br /><br />  It's a shame because the movie had a lot of potential due to Martin Scorsese as the director and due to the cast and the plot. The end isn't ingenious, it's just a cop out. It goes around all the questions we have about what's going on and just gives us a simple answer that doesn't even make sense.
B0019N8P2W|5.0|Ever since the days of beavis & butt-head when daria first made an appearance t.v. shows haven't been the same , i used to watch daria everytime it was on the television and finally the show has come to dvd , if you were a fan of 90's shows like beavis & butt-head , or daria itself then i highly recommend you get this set a.s.a.p.
B0008KLVG4|5.0|I bought this movie as a gift for my dad. I'd already owned 3 or 4 copies in various anniversary editions, but this one has the most complete set of extras. Jaws has always been my favorite movie since I saw it at the drive-in when I was a kid, so I'm a little biased on the film itself. As far as I'm concerned, this is Steven Spielberg's masterpiece as it is successful on so many levels.
B0001CNRBG|5.0|The movie is one of my wife's favorites and I was very pleased to find a new DVD in your product lineup.  The price and service was great.
B0033AGPF8|5.0|I've owned this album on CD for over 20 years and it was always one that I'd play all the way through whenever I had the chance. So, when I discovered that Hendrix's albums were being re-released on 180 gram vinyl, I just ordered up a few of them. I'm really glad that I did because I have never been more impressed with the sound quality of a music purchase in my life! When I put this record on, I don't really know what I expected, but it really blew me away. It was as if I'd never listened to this album before. I was so excited that I played it again for my wife when she got home. Now just to clarify, I have a good ear for music, but my equipment is somewhat lacking. It's just some mismatched 15 to 25 year old equipment that I threw together on the kitchen counter as a sort of bookshelf system when were moving into our new home (it ended up staying there). So don't go thinking you have to have some multi-thousand dollar audiophile setup to really enjoy this. The record comes in a beautiful gatefold sleeve with lyrics on the inside and included is a 7-page booklet that has pictures, lyrics and a story about the album. Well worth the money!!!
B000F9RB8A|5.0|The best characters in the movie, but I was disappointed not to have subtitles in Portuguese, since my purchase was based on this feature informed on another website. Was not error amazon.com.
B000HWZ4CA|5.0|The DVD came on a timely basis and was in excellent condition.  I would definitely purchase from them again. I love buying DVD's through Amazon.com. They offer the best prices on the internet.
B0037QGS0A|5.0|I don't give many movies 5 star ratings. However, This movie delivers in every possible way. It has A-list actors, a script that will keep you wanting more, and LESBIAN SEX! Did i forget to mention the part about the LESBIAN SEX? Ok, i just wanted to make sure. This is one of those movies that you don't expect to like but end up loving. This movie has a great twist towards the end. It will leave you with that What the F?-look on your face. I love that look. Somebody is probably reading this with that look on there face right now. I could say alot more about this movie but i want. I want you to check it out for yourself. If you hate it then email me and i'll explain exactly why you are crazy. I give this one 2 BIG JULIANNE MOORE IS A LESBO THUMBS UP. Buy this one on dvd or at least rent it. I told you it was good. That's all you need to know. HOLLA
B0032KNA4I|3.0|viewed on a 50\\" Panasonic plasma via a Panasonic DMP-BD80 through a Yamaha RX-V863 w/5.1 speakers and an HDMI splitter/amp.<br /><br />PQ - very nice, although not a lot of 3D pop.  decent resolution/detailing, but like Red Cliff, the medium shows the apparent use of CGI.  not at the same level as say Avatar or I Robot.<br /><br />AQ - DTS-HD track was great, but i will agree with the hi-def website and say there is a puzzling lack of LFE effects - you'd think a sudden volcano blast that encompasses the entirety of Yellowstone Park would merit better use of your subwoofer.  that being said, at the 45 minute mark, your speakers should be getting quite a workout.
B0015XHP4K|4.0|I don't know how much security tape I had to go threw in order to get a blu-ray out of the box. But for that amount of disc within the box, it is quite a bit of work....
B0002A2WDQ|5.0|I saw this movie many years ago & have been waiting for it to show on TV again.  But it never did.  So I bought it.  So glad I did!  It is an excellent movie with great acting and great music.  I highly recommend it, especially if you like Blues Music!
0307463745|5.0|I am applying the principles of Rework to running a spiritual enterprise and writing about my experiences in my blog \\"Peacemakers Speak.\\" Starting with application of the principles on the spiritual leader herself/himself, I see how they outpicture into the enterprise itself, and out into the spiritual community. I gravitated toward this book for that very reason...that the principles came from someplace else other than \\"the real world\\" and that if applied, these principles could really make some wonderful changes in the marketplace of all enterprise.   I believe it came from two guys following their bliss and then thinking deeply about what they thought about it all. An uplifting and authentic read - hard to find these days! Thanks guys!
B00005JMJ4|5.0|Certainly this isn't a perfect film... but then again neither is life, so that just may be the point of this film!    Many people don't like the pace, (You speed junkies!) and I suppose some people fine the attraction between Bill and Scarlet a tad unbelievable, but I found this film to be just the right thing to watch, basically whenever I want!    I ain't gonna give out any secrets, but the ending is just perfect and so touching that it really makes the film! Funny thing is that I don't even think that scene was in the original script!    Also, the whole sequence in Kioto is spot on... and shouldn't be missed!
B0002TJGQS|5.0|Good Battery, The expiration date is a 4 years from now.  The price is what you would probably pay for one a a local store.
B000JK8OYU|5.0|George Harrison, a fan of Cirque De Soleil (sp?) had been talking to the managers of the show for some time about doing a Beatles-themed show.  George passed away, but the project didn't.  The documentary, showing the circus team coming up with, and going through routines was very interesting. The doc was a separate product unless you bought the CD with the DVD together.  Paul and Ringo were quite impressed with what George Martin, (whom I refer to as the fifth Beatle) and son did with the master tapes still at Abbey Road studios, and still sounding fantastic. As usual, Yoko Ono, a thorn in EVERYONE'S side was the only whiner and complainer.  The CD is quite long.  In some instances the Beatle's songs are played as they were originally released, there are many examples of mixtures of two songs together, such as Within You Without You being ramped up with the beat from Tomorrow Never Knows, or arranging songs with the same beat such as Drive My Car, What You're Doing, The Word and others popping up medley style.  Some of the best moments are the accapella version of Because, showing the Beatle's often overlooked ability to arrange some of the most beautiful modern harmony ever, then the same is done on the song Sun King with the twist that it is played BACKWARDS! It is just as beautiful as the original forward version, and, once again the accapella version causes the harmonious voice of John Lennon, who overdubbed the harmonies on both songs, to be exceptional.  If you are a Beatle's fan, you canNOT be without this CD in your collection. Other classic moments are the acoustic version of Georges' While My Guitar Gently Weeps, which I consider superior to the version released on the White Album.  Also impressive was what Martin did with Strawberry Fields.  As most people know, there were two versions to the song, and Martin slowed down one version and speeded up the the other in order to mix them because they were a semi-tone apart.  One version is mainly John on his acoustic guitar with some haunting and bizarre sound effects while the second version is much more instrumental. The song begins with John playing on his acoustic, and with each verse, more is added until the well-known Fields comes out by the end of the number. In between songs, there is a floating mixture of soft, backward, or echoing effects, all from original Beatle's songs. The mixture of the guitar anthem on I Want You (she's so heavy) with the wild caliope in For the Benefit of Mr. Kite, along with the primal screams of Paul echoing from Helter Skelter are exhilarating. This album is as great a work of art as anything the Beatles released in their heyday.  Don't roll your eyes at that statement until you have heard this magnificent creation, completely put together by the producer of the Beatles and his son.  It will become obvious as to how much influence that Martin had on the Beatles and how much influence they had on him as he admitted.  It was a marriage made in music heaven, and it can be all yours for a quite reasonable price here on Amazon.com!
B001ILHY2C|4.0|When I received this item it was packaged decently and the condition of the casing was in good condition.  When playing the DVD there were no problems with the DVD.  I am satisfied with this item.
B002R0F3Q2|5.0|This is not the same Alicia Keys from \\"Songs in A Minor\\". I think she got some negative reviews because some was thrown off. When you think Alicia Keys, you have certain expectations. She has a \\"sound\\", but this album expands on what we've heard from her. She's grown as an artist. Her \\"best\\" album is probably \\"Diary of Alicia Keys\\" with awards to back it up, but this album is probably my favorite from her. She did take risks and to me this is a type of album that you need to seat and listen to and not be quick to fast forward for the \\"highlights\\". These are the type of songs that kind of draw you in. The only songs that instantly grab you is \\"Try Sleeping with a Broken Heart\\" with its pop/r&b/hip-hop blend of sadness that is touching (I had feelings listening reminiscent to \\"Like You'll Never See Me Again\\" from the last album); and the other is \\"Un-thinkable (I'm Ready)\\" which is a sexy song and a pretty good summer-night song (something I don't expect from her usually). My problem with her last album \\"As I Am\\" was that it lacked a certain cohesion. Songs didn't flow together well. The singles from the album was great but the rest left a lot to be desired. This album is more low-key but it holds a more intimate tone and was more focused in theme and melody. It just works better as an album. Definitely one of the best R&B albums of last year and this year too.     Songs on the first listen:  Try Sleeping With A Broken Heart  Un-Thinkable (I'm Ready)  Empire State of Mind (Pt. II)    Better with seconds:  Doesn't Mean Anything  That's How Strong My Love is  Love is my disease  This Bed    Thirds the charm:  Love is Blind   Wait Til You See My Smile  Distance and Time
B000MCIBB6|5.0|When finally released in the summer of 1968, much of the album's cuts were already available as 45's.  Hello , I Love You, The unknown Soldier, and Not to touch the Earth were recorded in late 1967.  So to call this Doors album a cohesive work of art is questionable.  Morrison's antics were becoming more problematic for the rest of the group, and the recording process itself was tedious and down right frustrating.  Morrison would either not show up, or was too intoxicated to do a professional job.  Paul Rothchild demanded upwards of 30 takes for some of the songs on the new album, and drummer John Densmore threw down his drum sticks and walked out, after months of Morrison's unreliable behavior.  Still, there is some magic that's captured on tape as Robby Krieger, once again, provides the Doors enough original material to keep things afloat.  This new release by Bruce Botnick adds a denser, brighter mix, complete with Morrison's double-tracked vocals, something the original mix deleted.  The addition of rare out-takes gives the listener an historic glimpse into the world of TTG Studios while the Doors were recording their third album.  This 40th anniversary edition of Waiting for The Sun is well worth the trip back to those extremely heady times of The Doors in 1968..    G.Ilenda
B003ELOQD4|4.0|Middle of August, 2008, Red Rocks. My wife and I had Allman Brothers tickets. Looking forward to a \\"Blue Sky\\" boogie - instead we were hunkered down, hypothermic in horizontal rain and 45 degrees. The optimist in me feared a similar story for the concert of the year, U2, 360, Denver (just about the only thing I can imagine that would get me to set foot inside Mile High). Well I was right about the weather - it's snowing in the mountains above the city tonight. It didn't matter though, Bono blew his back out at the end of May and the gig was postponed for a year.    Now these tickets were a wee bit pricier than I'm used to paying. First I had to join U2.com to get a one day advantage over the masses. It did work though. I was able to get 4 nice seats for less than you would pay to watch grown men in Howard Johnson suits stand up and fall down in the same stadium. That was last October however, nine months before the show. Now make it 21.    Hey, no concert, no problem. Instead I went shopping. Took a 10% off coupon to Best Buy, grabbed myself a Blue Ray and a free BR disc of my choice, which just happened to be be\\" \\"U2 360 At The Rose Bowl\\". Out with the old, in with the new, DVD players that is and we were ready to crank up the amps. It was \\"Magnificent\\"!  What a set! What a play list! My were they on that night. The sound was stupendous, but the film editor has to go. If you didn't have \\"Vertigo\\" before you pushed \\"play\\" on your remote you would shortly. In the first 15 minutes the average camera shot lasted less than two seconds. It made the frenetic madness of MTV look calm in comparison. The producers and film editors apparently didn't take any of the criticism of the Elevation DVD to heart. (I think U2 fans really are able to hold a visual thought for longer than a heart beat or two.)     The two titles I've already mentioned shined particularly and then there is always \\"Beautiful Day\\", Bono's done better, but I feel privileged each and every time I hear that song. I was also grabbed by \\"Until The End Of The World\\", a song whose lyrics I hadn't payed attention to until this evening where Judas converses with Jesus in alternating sarcasm, longing and regret. Missing from the gig was \\"Yaweh\\", a stunning, soul-moving, acoustic segue to (Psalm) \\"40\\" performed at the finale of the Chicago 2005 DVD and on \\"U2 3-D\\".    So my review: two thumbs up, one down. Sonic and visually dazzling! Film editing the equivalent of ten fingernails on a black board.  Now back to waiting patiently. There won't be a film producer editing my eyeballs in Denver 2011.
1932100660|5.0|Outstanding. The definitive book on the subject of what to eat. The Grand Prix of epidemeology says the NY Times. Top research by top scientists. The argument about diet is OVER. Period.
B001DJLCRC|4.0|I don't usually do tv show reviews but i had to make an exception. Breaking Bad is one of the most intriguing shows on television. Walter White is also one of the most interesting characters i've ever seen. How exactly do you go from being a school teacher to a drug dealer? I guess you have to ask Walter that question. Each episode of the first season was incredible. I actually saw one of the newer episodes and it made me go back and buy the first two seasons. I'm glad that i did. I would give Breaking Bad a 5 star rating but i want because it's not the best show on tv. It's just the best show on AMC. I will give it 2 HUGE METH HEAD THUMBS UP for being the most creative show i've seen since The Sopranos. I'm buying every season on dvd and you should do the same. Holla
0385474547|5.0|I picked this for my book group because I had never read it while every high school student I know has. Marooned in the early chapters, one of my book group friends asked, \\"Why is this considered a classic anyway?\\" I could see her point. Especially at first, it does not exactly pull you forward with compelling narrative flow. In fact, as you read about food preparation and the yam harvest, you may think to yourself, \\"Hmm -- do I really need all this detail, and why?\\"<br /><br />But keep reading!<br /><br />Here is why \\"Things Fall Apart\\" is rightly a classic: 1) It is easy to read. (Think Hemingway.) 2) It is really informative about a not well known (to most of us) time and place - turn of the 20th century Nigeria, its ways and customs. 3) It raises fundamental questions that cut across cultures about people. (Among them: How are the sins of the fathers visited upon the sons? What happens when two cultures with widely disparate technological achievements meet? Is technological achievement really the measure of a culture's worth?) 4) It doesn't deliver simple answers. 5) It is politically correct -- fostering appreciation of what we now call diversity, but meaning in this case traditional African culture.<br /><br />Sometimes easy to read books that are assigned in high school end up under-estimated or even resented. This one really deserves the accolades.
B000063DFN|5.0|Classic maiden album,AMAZING its one of the best discs of the band.The bass of mr HARRIS sounds killer,all the songs are good.Its a masterpiece of metal.If you dont listen this you dont listen nothing.Believe me its a good disc.
0393964582|5.0|I bought this book because it was a requirement for an advanced English class. I really don't have time to read a lot of books for pleasure, because I am a college student.  I was completely involved with this book and couldn't put it down.  I read it in 2 days.  It is the original 1818 print edition by Mary Shelly.  I have never seen the Frankenstein movies, but this book is the best and worth purchasing.
B000021XS0|1.0|I was surprised to see such a high ranking of this album.  I thought it was trash by the time I was halfway through it, the first day of owning it.  I don't like the departure from the original style of the first 3 CDs.  This album ranges from sappy crap with horrible lyrics to nu-metal riffs that belong in radio pop metal.  What makes this album desirable to the other reviewers, I have no idea.  Maybe they didn't like Dream Theater before this so they didn't know what the first CDs were like.      I hate the theme of this album as well and I think the story is useless, horrible, and delivers and \\"in your face\\" spiritual message or total garbage that makes me want to visit the restroom.  I wish Dream Theater would have stuck with the original format where they were absolutely *amazing,* and the songwriting was second to none.
B000063CPL|5.0|Iron Maiden sound incredible live! I have all of their albums but I usually listen to their live stuff more than their studio albums. Their newer songs at the time from Brave New World sound great, especially Wicker Man which they open with. The audience add so much intensity to the show with 250,000+ screaming along. And of course this album also contains an amazing performance of the ultimate sing a long song Fear Of The Dark.
030726999X|5.0|I devoured the first 2 books in the Millenium Trilogy. But when \\"The girl who kicked the hornet's nest\\" arrived, I took my time, I savored it knowing that the ending would bring an incredible series to a bittersweet close. Steig Larsson's Lisbeth Salander is a complex, prickly, uniquely flawed creation and I am going to miss her. Larsson's women (Berger, Giannini, Salander, even Linder and Figuerola) are strong and intelligent, a rarity in most thrillers written by men.<br />The book opens exactly where the last one left off and begins to tie up the loose ends, one by one, culminating with courtroom scenes that absolutely kick ass. Larsson can tell a story!<br />There are pages that read more like a  history lesson in Swedish politics or civil law, but they are necessary to the story. There were eye-rolling moments that made me ponder if any woman in Sweden was immune to Blomqvist's charms. If these are the only drawbacks to the story then so be it.<br />I know I will go back and reread them again. I have recommended these books to anyone who asks. And I will miss Lisbeth Salander.
B001S6PMY4|5.0|My daughter loved the movie and now is obsessed with the Beatles and music from this era. Great love story and music.
B00386EZJU|5.0|I liked this soundtrack because it has some very relaxing music.  It's mood follows the ups and downs of the movie which means it can hit most any mood you are in.
044656740X|5.0|I set out on a quest many years ago to figure out how to improve the quality of my life and that of my young family.     A close friend recommended that I read Rich Dad Poor Dad, so I pick up a copy. Boy did I start opening my eyes after reading this book.    Rich Dad taught some very important life changing principles that should form the foundation for just about any kind of investor. Such as making/reading your own personal balance sheet, understanding the difference between good debt vs bad debt, and how to have your money work for you instead of you working for it!    I love the stories that Rich Dad told and the timeless lessons he taught in that book. One of my all time favorites. I have read it several times.  See my other reviews on Amazon or at my blog, [...]
B000MV9026|5.0|Loved the movie!  The music is enough to get you on your feet to dance and the story line is bright and fun.
B002K0WBXW|5.0|My new favorite movie.  Very funny, cute, quirky and a wonderful romantic comedy.  Betty White is wonderful and all the leads are perfectly cast.
1933308087|5.0|Eu no sei se eu entendi o que voc quer.  The books I bought are very important to me  because I have many doubts about Patchwork  and the books help me to understand better.   It was an excellent purchase. I'm very satisfied  to buy these books in Amazon.com.  These books are marvellous!
B001RTP3YQ|5.0|IF YOU LIKE LEONARD COHEN THAN THIS IS FOR YOU!  GREAT ARRANGEMENTS MAKE THIS THE BEST CD I'VE PURCHASED THIS YEAR.
0743454537|3.0|Jodi Picoult is famous for bringing controversial topics to light.  In this book Kate is dying from Leukemia and the only way to save her is for her parents to have an exact DNA match for cord blood transfer.  Kate's mother hops on board without delay.  The birth of their second daughter almost seems to be exclusively for the sake of having an extra body for spare parts.  They allow this child to be poked and proded over the years for blood transfusions, bone marrow donor and more for her sister's sake.  Any parent would give an arm, kidney, lung you name it to save their sick child.  This family, however, is giving away their second child's body parts for the sake of the sick child.  Anna finally comes to the decision that she should get to act like the healthy child that she is and enjoy sports and her friends like everyone else.  She decides to sue for the right to make her own medical decisions.  It doesn't take long for her parents to chose sides as to which daughter they should support in this decision.    I won't ruin the book for you as it is a fabulous read and a very enjoyable movie.  Then why the three star review?  I for one had to throw the book against the wall when I was done reading it.  Maybe that is a good thing for an author to be able to get that much emotion out of a reader, but I felt that the end was all wrong.  The movie does end differently then to book, so if you have seen the movie it is still a good idea to read the book and decide for yourself!    By Kerri J. Busteed  Author of Will's First Hunt   [[ASIN:1609114833 Will's First Hunt]]
1401323820|5.0|I bought the book to give as a gift. My daughter wanted it. When she's finished reading it - I'll get it to read. We love the TV show Castle and knew that having the book and reading the book will be fun since we've watched the show. Castle - a really good show!
B002ZCY7SW|2.0|Here's my mini review of the season.  I'm not rating the DVD because it doesn't come out until 6 months after the show ends (smart move Fox?).  FYI, I think 24 is the best television series of all time, even though there have been some missteps.<br />*Beware of spoilers*<br /><br />Overall Grade: D<br />Season Ratings from best to worse: 1, 5, 3, 7, 2, 4, with 8 a distant last (avoided 6)<br /><br />Positives:<br />+ Few characters<br />+ Hassan: great actor, loved his character and role.<br />+ Rob Weiss: liked his character, wish he could have stuck around the whole season, he seemed to add energy to the role rather than snoozing through it<br />+ Ethan Kanin: as w/ last season, seems like a rock solid actor, brings credibility and morality to the team<br />+ Hassan's daughter: seemed genuine, nice person<br />+ Liked the poor White trash subplot (Dana Walsh, Wade), seemed believable and kept it tense<br />+ Liked the Middle East bad guys, subplot, seemed credible and kept it tense<br />+ Jack's Cobra Viper mask!<br /><br />Dislikes:<br />- Most people were unlikable: Jack (psychopath revenge killer), President Taylor (mean spirited), CTU Boss (incompetent), Dana Walsh (evil), Arlo (sleazy), Rene Walker (crazy), Cole Ortiz (naive, clueless grunt)<br />- Nothing new for season 8: another mole, really??? Romantically involved characters at CTU, really? Jack's love interest ruined? Jack torturing people? CTU being attacked? Nothing new, glad they are putting this dog to pasture!<br />- CTU Boss seemed like a twit, seemed to snooze through his role, how in the hell did he keep his job, he seemed incompetent and slightly retarded. (also unlikable)<br />- For the first time, I thought Jack wasn't doing the right thing. After Renee got killed he became psychopathic revenge killer and just went on a killing spree. Whether the Russians (or others had it coming) is besides the point. There was no justification for how he handled himself after Renee died, whether it was random ear biting, or shooting agents while doing their sworn duty. In fact, in previous seasons he's stood against revenge (ie. Tony) and now he's a hypocrite. Same when he tells the Air Force operative that they should follow the Prez orders no matter what, or it's treason. Yet he does the same thing towards the end of the season!<br />- Disregarded Season 7, no resolution: What happened to Alan Wilson? Tony Almeida? What about his peace w/ himself, Quran?<br />- Ending left open, no closure for last season of the show<br />- Unrealistic:<br />- Granted, Jack has got away w/ some pretty silly things over the past 7 seasons, but they went too far this season. He took on way too many people in the various episodes and came out relatively unharmed.<br />- President Taylor going along w/ Logan's ideas full throttle was completely out of character. Understand her being driven to get the agreement signed, but how easily she crosses the line didn't rhyme w/ reason. Last season her sole defining characteristic and story arc was her unwavering adherence to principle, she sent her own daughter to prison last season which led to also the divorce of her husband, yet she accepts a publicly disgraced criminal ex-president as a trusted advisor in a few hours?<br />- Chloe being promoted to CTU head made no sense, she had 0 gravitas for the role. I loved her in her first couple of seasons as the quirky/ tactless techy, but I don't like what she's become and her shtick has gotten really old.<br />-Air Force Leader going drastically against the President wasn't handled well<br />- Russians: they were portrayed poorly, they gave up info way too easy and the henchman got taken out too easily.<br />- Got rid of the few likable characters too quickly (Hassan & Rob Weiss)<br />- No main/established characters died, what happened? That was one of the main draws of the show, to see who'd they take out? Hassan was kinda edgy, but he wasn't established before this season and w/ Middle East folks involved, wasn't completely a shocker.<br />- Product placement: C'mon guys, tone it down or at least try to make it fit (ie. Sprint, Genesis, Cisco, etc.)<br />- NY: Didn't bring a lot of NY subtleties to the show (i.e. subways, landmarks, etc)<br />- Logan plastic surgery: Botox treatment looks TERRIBLE! Distracting!<br />- Michael Madsen felt awkward in the show, too much baggage from big movies.<br />- Season 7 was a good ending point, he seemed to find peace w/ himself, family, and come to terms w/ his missteps in life. Season 8 just trampled on that.<br /><br />Those are my thoughts. Based on what I've seen online it looks like 24 fans are split about 50/50 on this season, with some people liking it (especially last few hours) and others really disappointed(myself included).ie. Sprint, Genesis, Cisco, etc.)  - NY: Didn't bring a lot of NY subtleties to the show (i.e. subways, landmarks, etc)  - Logan plastic surgery: Botox treatment looks TERRIBLE! Distracting!  - Michael Madsen felt awkward in the show, too much baggage from big movies.  - Season 7 was a good ending point, he seemed to find peace w/ himself, family, and come to terms w/ his missteps in life. Season 8 just trampled on that.    Those are my thoughts. Based on what I've seen online it looks like 24 fans are split about 50/50 on this season, with some people liking it (especially last few hours) and others really disappointed(myself included).
B001AVCFJM|5.0|I loved watching this movie when it came out in the theaters - I saw it twice the first day! It was greatly anticipated and did not disappoint. I have the DVD and watch it as often as I possibley can. For any STAR TREK fan - this is a MUST OWN!
B003E48AYC|5.0|I was totally disinterested in seeing this movie until I saw the preview at the El Capitan. Visually, this movie had me hooked immediately! Lush (yet dark), detailed, and full of wonderful imagery, it was a feast for the eyes. The movie itself didn't disappoint, and neither did this blu-ray version. Rather than retell the previously oft-filmed tale, Burton picks up where the other two Lewis Carroll tales ended and gives us an exploration of Alice's emotional state as she transitions from childhood to adulthood. Alice's father has passed on, and she is about to be proposed to by an extremely nerdy (but wealthy) Lord. Unsure that this is the future that she wants, escapes the engagement party by following the white rabbit and promptly falling into a rabbit hole to find herself in Underland. Much darker than the Wonderland we are used to, Underland is held hostage by the evildoings of The Red Queen. Waiting for Alice to find her \\"muchness\\" and rescue it, The Mad Hatter and The White Queen have waited a long time for her to return. Will Alice be up to the task of leading The White Queen's Army to save Underland?<br /><br />It is a lot of fun along the way with fantastic performances by the Tim Burton troupe of actors that you usually find in his flicks: Johnny Depp (a perfectly fresh interpretation of The Mad Hatter, thus redeeming himself from [[ASIN:B000BBOUU4 Charlie and the Chocolate Factory]]), Helena Bonham Carter (practically steals the show as The Red Queen), Crispin Glover (characteristically dark, quirky, and evil as The Knave of Hearts), and Anne Hathaway (showing her acting versatility as The White Queen). With all of the talent surrounding her, it is a testimony to the talent of Mia Wasikowska (Alice) that she is able to act without getting swallowed up and upstaged by the others.<br /><br />There are plenty of special effects and computer graphics here, but the fantastic part is that one only notices the beauty of the film and the wonderfully wacky characters. The mood of the film is enhanced by the music of Danny Elfman.<br /><br />As for the quality of the blu-ray transfer, it is superb. Just as in the theater, the computer graphics are well rendered and the picture is rich (albeit dark because of the tone of the film) and the sound is rich and robust.<br /><br />3-Disc Combo Pack comes with Blu-ray with feature and extras, a DVD copy with feature and extras, and a Digital Copy of Feature Film.<br /><br />SPECS:<br />Video: 1080p High Def 1:78.1<br />Audio: English 5.1 DTS-HD Master Audio (48Hz/24-bit); English 2.0 DVS, French & Spanish Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround * Subtitles: English SDH, French, Spanish<br /><br />BONUS FEATURES (Video: 1080p High Def or 480i * Audio: English 5.1 or 2.0 Dolby Digital * Subtitles: English SDH, French, Spanish)<br /><br />Sneak Previews: Tinker Bell promotes the Blu-ray format, Disney Movie Rewards ad, Beauty & The Beast Diamond Edition (Blu-ray), James & The Giant Peach Special Edition (Blu-ray), Fantasia Diamond Edition (Blu-ray), Disney Parks ad, Family Blu-ray & Combo Packs Ad, The Sorcerer's Apprentice with Nic Cage trailer, Tinker Bell & The Great Fairy Rescue, and an Anti-Smoking ad!<br /><br />Featurettes:<br /><br />Although not overly long, they were a fantastic look into the making of the film, with all of the major participants being interviewed, including Johnny Depp, Crispin Glover, Danny Elfman, and the rest of the gang.<br /><br />Wonderland Characters (27:56)<br /><br />1. Finding Alice: Talks about Alice's emotional journey as she learns to embrace her courage and matures into womanhood.<br /><br />2. The Mad Hatter: Depp talks about how The Mad Hatter has been frozen in time, waiting for Alice to return. Interesting to hear how he developed his characterization. Both he and Burton independently made sketches of how they thought the character should look. Very cool to see them side-by-side!<br /><br />3. The Futterwacken: This is the one part of the movie I thoughtwas lame. Still, the guy who did the dance for Depp (yup, just found out it wasn't Depp who actually danced in the movie! As he states, \\"Another man futterwacked for me!\\") is very talented. He was found through a clip on Youtube!<br /><br />4. The Red Queen: Carter obviously relished this role (even though she lost her voice daily from the loudness of her character). The combination of villainy and childlike petulance actually makes her somewhat endearing, and she pulls it off marvelously. Carter also loved the props--the glasses, the scepter. These were actual props (not CG) that helped her with her characterization.<br /><br />5. Time Lapse: Sculpting the Red Queen: 3 hours each day in the makeup chair! See it all come together.<br /><br />6. The White Queen: Hathaway's performance was an unexpected treat. Depp states, \\"She made me jealous--I wanted to play the White Queen.\\" Burton let Hathaway show a little darkness and \\"explore the off-side of someone who is supposed to be good.\\" Hathaway herself says that her character is \\"A little ditsy, but very clued in--kind of a Norma Desmond thing.\\"<br /><br />Making Wonderland (19:28)<br />1. Scoring Wonderland: Danny Elfman collaborates again with Tim Burton (for about the 12th time). You'll want to listen closely to the music on the next viewing after listening to Elfman talk about how and why he created some of the eerie vocal choruses in the film.<br /><br />2. Effecting Wonderland: Tim Burton relates how the cast had to feel like they were in the real AND the unreal world. Really amazing what a fantastic job all the actors did, especially considering that many of the costumes, sets, and more were done post-production on the computer. The film is a melding of CG, motion capture, and live action. Interesting to see how the Red Queen's head is enlarged. This is all way beyond my comprehension of how they figured it out and then kept track of all this stuff!<br /><br />3. Stunts of Wonerland: Garrett Warren (stunt coordinator) discusses how he read the script and had to break down each scene into what would need stunts and how they would be done. Shows green-screen filming of Mia as Alice as she tumbles down the rabbit hole.<br /><br />4. Making The Proper Size: Tells of the frustration experienced by Mia when having to be different sizes in the film, acting towards different site lines since most of the size change was done post-filming on a computer.<br /><br />5. Cakes of Wonderland: Made by the Cake Divas (Joan Spitler and Leigh Grode), even this tiny detail was given much attention. They researched and then baked items that would be found at a Victorian Tea Party. The table had to be reset 12 times! And yes, the \\"Eat Me\\" cake was truly edible, as Alice had to bite into it for filming 32 times.<br /><br />6. Tea Party Props: details the decor on the Mad Hatter's tea party. The look is inspired by what one would expect at a wartime tea or the great depression. Much work had to go into this scene, as 3 of everything had to be made in addition to breakaway pieces for the destruction. In all, there were about 150 pieces to manage and keep track of.<br /><br />OVERALL: HIGHLY recommended!the movie! As he states, \\"Another man futterwacked for me!\\") is very talented. He was found through a clip on Youtube!    4. The Red Queen: Carter obviously relished this role (even though she lost her voice daily from the loudness of her character). The combination of villainy and childlike petulance actually makes her somewhat endearing, and she pulls it off marvelously. Carter also loved the props--the glasses, the scepter. These were actual props (not CG) that helped her with her characterization.    5. Time Lapse: Sculpting the Red Queen: 3 hours each day in the makeup chair! See it all come together.    6. The White Queen: Hathaway's performance was an unexpected treat. Depp states, \\"She made me jealous--I wanted to play the White Queen.\\" Burton let Hathaway show a little darkness and \\"explore the off-side of someone who is supposed to be good.\\" Hathaway herself says that her character is \\"A little ditsy, but very clued in--kind of a Norma Desmond thing.\\"    Making Wonderland (19:28)  1. Scoring Wonderland: Danny Elfman collaborates again with Tim Burton (for about the 12th time). You'll want to listen closely to the music on the next viewing after listening to Elfman talk about how and why he created some of the eerie vocal choruses in the film.    2. Effecting Wonderland: Tim Burton relates how the cast had to feel like they were in the real AND the unreal world. Really amazing what a fantastic job all the actors did, especially considering that many of the costumes, sets, and more were done post-production on the computer. The film is a melding of CG, motion capture, and live action. Interesting to see how the Red Queen's head is enlarged. This is all way beyond my comprehension of how they figured it out and then kept track of all this stuff!    3. Stunts of Wonerland: Garrett Warren (stunt coordinator) discusses how he read the script and had to break down each scene into what would need stunts and how they would be done. Shows green-screen filming of Miaas Alice as she tumbles down the rabbit hole.    4. Making The Proper Size: Tells of the frustration experienced by Mia when having to be different sizes in the film, acting towards different site lines since most of the size change was done post-filming on a computer.    5. Cakes of Wonderland: Made by the Cake Divas (Joan Spitler and Leigh Grode), even this tiny detail was given much attention. They researched and then baked items that would be found at a Victorian Tea Party. The table had to be reset 12 times! And yes, the \\"Eat Me\\" cake was truly edible, as Alice had to bite into it for filming 32 times.    6. Tea Party Props: details the decor on the Mad Hatter's tea party. The look is inspired by what one would expect at a wartime tea or the great depression. Much work had to go into this scene, as 3 of everything had to be made in addition to breakaway pieces for the destruction. In all, there were about 150 pieces to manage and keep track of.    OVERALL: HIGHLY recommended!
0684833395|5.0|When I moved to the US and wanted to read more American literature, the novel that people recommended to me most often was not, as I had expected, Moby Dick (which few seemed to have read) but Catch-22.  Now I have finally got around to reading it and (unlike with Moby Dick) was not disappointed.<br /><br />The anti-hero, the anti-war sentiment and the black humor are all very characteristic of the 60s, especially 60s Britain, so it is not surprising that the novel was popular there before American readers warmed to it.  Unlike other anti-war works of the period however, this one was written by a veteran and based on hard experience, rather than - as was more usual at the time - by someone who had never experienced war and was determined never to do so.<br /><br />The movie versions of this and MASH were both released in 1970.  The latter was released first and was a much better movie, and so Catch-22 remained under the shadow of MASH for some time, and perhaps still does.  Readers familiar with the MASH movie and TV series, who read Catch-22 now, may not have the same sense of novelty that the early readers had.<br /><br />The events of the story are to some extent modeled on Homer's Iliad (and to a lesser extent The Odyssey) which Heller was reading at the time he wrote Catch-22.  It's not essential to know the Iliad in order to enjoy this story but, if you don't, you'll miss a lot of the references and not get the most out of it.  Having said that, there are plenty of other references - literary and mythological - and I'm sure I've not picked up anywhere near all of them in one reading.<br /><br />Interestingly, the title has become part of the language with a meaning that is not strictly reflected in the book.  Catch-22 as a 'no-win situation' is described early on, but the phrase recurs throughout with a more general meaning, that of an arbitrary and even fictitious rule.  As so often, the novel does not really say what people who have never read it think it does.<br /><br />The continual use of paradox - paradoxical judgments, contradictory statements and situations, and so on - can sometimes become too contrived and can sometimes fall flat.  It may be overdone for some readers' tastes.  But on the whole it works very well, giving the book the appropriate ironic tone throughout.<br /><br />The structure of the story is extraordinary.  The same events are related many times, from different perspectives, providing layers of narrative that finally reveal the whole picture.  As part of this continual retelling, the phenomenon of d&eacute;j&agrave; vu, and related phenomena, feature in the story, both implicitly and explicitly.  The timeline is thus non-linear, going back and forth continually.  The result is a unique and compelling literary experience.<br /><br />This is a profound, funny, often disturbing novel that should be near the top your reading list.<br />[PeterReeve]dox - paradoxical judgments, contradictory statements and situations, and so on - can sometimes become too contrived and can sometimes fall flat.  It may be overdone for some readers' tastes.  But on the whole it works very well, giving the book the appropriate ironic tone throughout.    The structure of the story is extraordinary.  The same events are related many times, from different perspectives, providing layers of narrative that finally reveal the whole picture.  As part of this continual retelling, the phenomenon of dj vu, and related phenomena, feature in the story, both implicitly and explicitly.  The timeline is thus non-linear, going back and forth continually.  The result is a unique and compelling literary experience.    This is a profound, funny, often disturbing novel that should be near the top your reading list.  [PeterReeve]
B003IWZ1D8|5.0|PSYCHO 50TH ANNIVERSARY EDITION     Own the Film That Defined a Genre October 19, 2010     UNIVERSAL CITY, Calif., May 10 /PRNewswire/ -- Hailed as one of the most influential suspense movies of its time, Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho had a profound effect on how future filmmakers made movies and shaped audience expectations for generations to come. To commemorate the 50th Anniversary of one of Universal Studios' most treasured and prestigious films, Psycho will debut for the first time ever on Blu-ray(tm) on October 19, 2010. Fans can now enjoy a superior quality, hi-def experience when viewing this re-mastered classic. Psycho will also be honored during its landmark anniversary by the esteemed 2010 Festival De Cannes. Chosen as a Cannes Classic Selection, the film will be recognized as a restored masterwork from the past.     Meticulously restored for perfect digital picture and the purest DTS HD 5.1 digital sound, the Psycho 50th Anniversary Edition takes audiences on a thrilling journey as an unsuspecting victim (Janet Leigh, The Manchurian Candidate, Bye Bye Birdie) visits the Bates Motel and falls prey to one of the silver screen's most notorious psychopaths - Norman Bates (Anthony Perkins, Murder on the Orient Express, Les Miserables). Featuring one of the most iconic scenes in film history - the infamous \\"shower scene\\" - Psycho continues to terrify audiences today as much as it did half a century ago.     The Psycho 50th Anniversary Edition is packed with extras, including behind-the-scenes bonus features, documentaries, audio interviews and an in-depth look at the re-mastering process. Universal Studios BluWave Audio (Universal's in-house post production sound facility) started the re-mastering process with the film's previously preserved and restored soundtrack to create a new 5.1 mix. BluWave then contracted Audionamix, a Paris-based audio technology company, to split the original mono music source into quasi-orchestral tracks. Audionamix, a leader in soundtrack separation, then applied their breakthrough proprietary technology enabling BluWave to create a discrete 5.1 split music mix.     BluWave's creative talent gathered the original sound effects from the Studios' extensive effects library and, using these source materials, created a 5.1 up-mix to bring Psycho's soundtrack up to the expectations of contemporary audiences while maintaining the original integrity of the filmmaker's vision.     Psycho's mono audio track will also be available for viewers who want to experience the film in its original form on its golden anniversary. This cinematic achievement from the Master of Suspense is an essential addition to every movie lover's library.     Psycho 50th Anniversary Edition on Blu-ray(tm) unleashes the power of your HDTV with perfect picture and the purest digital sound available and contains extensive bonus features including:     * Psycho Sound: A never-before-seen piece that looks at the re-mastering process required to create a 5.1 mix from the original mono elements using Audionamix technology.   * The Making of Psycho: A feature-length documentary on Hitchcock's most shocking film.   * In the Master's Shadow - Hitchcock's Legacy: Some of Hollywood's top filmmakers discuss Hitchcock's influence and why his movies continue to thrill audiences.   * Hitchcock/Truffaut Interviews: Excerpts from a 1962 audio interview with Alfred Hitchcock.   * Audio Commentary: Feature-length audio commentary with Stephen Rebello (Author of \\"Alfred Hitchcock and the making of Psycho\\")   * Newsreel Footage: The Release of Psycho: Vintage newsreel on the unique policy Alfred Hitchcock insisted upon for the release of the film.   * The Shower Scene: A look at the impact of music on the infamous \\"shower scene.\\"   * The Shower Scene: Storyboards by Saul Bass: Original storyboard design.   * Production Notes: Read an essay on the making of the film.   * The Psycho Archives: See the gallery of on-set photo stills from the film's production.   * Posters And Psycho Ads: See a gallery of original posters and ads from the theatrical campaign.   * Lobby Cards: View a gallery of promotional lobby cards from the film's theatrical campaign.   * Behind-The-Scenes Photographs: View rare photos showing the cast and crew at work.   * Theatrical Trailer: Watch the original promotional trailer from the film's theatrical campaign.   * Re-Release Trailers: Watch the promotional trailer created for the re-release of the film.
B0025UHKNS|5.0|Using it for inline skating and running for a few weeks now. Product works as expected. Only way it could be improved is shorten the time to first fix when training starts, but it's very acceptable as it is. Having a great time using this product and tracking my progress using the map/google-earth. Bezel takes a few minutes to get used to and has been working satisfactorily since. Battery life is pretty good, several hours of training time can be had between charges, easily lasts a week with my current training regime. Would recommend it, though I can't tell how accurate the \\"improved\\" calorie algorithm actually is. Overall, very satisfied with the purchase.
0743201140|4.0|The books premise is that world class preformance is based on leveraging our natural talents rather than fixing our personal weaknesses. Focuses on each persons uniqueness and unique talents.<br /><br />Takes a lot of pressure off to realize that focusing on what you love and are really good at, will make a person more successful than focusing being a little bit good at a lot of things (most of which don't bring joy.)<br /><br />By leveraging talents, we can learn to compensate or come up with alternatives to our weaknesses that are centered in our strenghts.<br /><br />very intersing book. Lots to ponder
0634022296|5.0|I've bought many guitar books over the years.  This is my favorite.  And it's great that most songs are on one or two pages so you don't have to turn pages while playing.  This is the second one of these books I've bought, so that when we get together with friends, the singers will have their copy and the players will have a copy.
0743455967|5.0|Which well-known author wiped his ass with poison ivy? Did you know that The Shining was written about himself: an alcoholic and ex-schoolteacher addicted to cocaine and Nyquil? Two words: Stephen King. He needs no further introduction.<br /><br />I never had an interest in reading any of his books. Although in my journey to write a novel, I thought I'd read his memoir On Writing. If I were to take advice, it would definitely be from one of the bestselling authors of all time. He describes his childhood, how he was formed, and his struggle early on in his career, and some of the life situations that made him a writer. The meat of the book is filled with valuable information and writing tips. The last section even describes his near death accident in 1999.<br /><br />I opened the pages and began reading equipped with my highlighter to later reference the tips I've learned. Below are some of the tidbits I learned:<br /><br />* Write with the door closed. Rewrite with the door open.<br />* You must not come lightly to the blank page.<br />* Construct a toolbox.<br />* Adverbs are not your friend.<br />* To write \\"he said\\" or \\"she said\\" is divine.<br /><br />On Writing will benefit writers and provide a glimpse into the mastermind of Stephen King. Keep in mind the tips and tools are what worked for him and may not necessarily work for every aspiring or achieved writer. But remember, you must do two things above all others: read a lot and write a lot.<br /><br />I cannot agree with the critics and reviewers more. It is simply the best book on writing. Ever. After reading the last page I felt like I cheated Stephen King. Within the 297 pages is a professional class on writing and I'd only paid $7.99.<br /><br />L. Marie
B001GCUO5M|2.0|What can I say. I was very disappointed. A Beautiful Mind was much better and original.
B001IZZEEI|4.0|I bought this DVD collection for my fiancee. She was so desperate to buy the extended movie version but I persuaded her to wait since we are planning to get married and are saving some money so on her birthday I surprised her with this gift. She was thrilled. I'd have given it a 5-star rating but Amazon was not entirely careful in the handling or shipping because one corner of the package was a bit damaged, I didn't like that.    As far as this item is corcerned, no complaints. If you are a fan of SATC, you must have it.
B003ELOQD4|1.0|After I found out the release date for U2360 and placed my order with Amazon, I watched the mailbox daily in excited anticipation of the arrival of my new Bluray.  I was at the opening night show in Chicago and loved the show but was too far away to enjoy it fully, so this disc was to be the up-close-and personal version for me.    It's not.  I can't evevn sit through a whole song.  The audio is quite excptional, but the video quality is horrible.  The frame rate is so foul that it seems like the hardware is at fault.  Based on other reviews (and swapping back to other movies) it seems the effect in intentional.  While I can appreciate artistic vision, this is not that.  It's just plain impossible to watch.
0446563048|5.0|Delivering Happiness: A Path to Profits, Passion, and Purpose by Tony Hsieh, CEO of Zappos. It was an excellent read on applying the science of happiness to running a business, to help employees grow personally and professionally.    I was curious and was seeking to see how what he did could be added to my virtual business. The book discussed things that I know should be included in building your business, such as:    1.Building your brand  2.Being passionate and determined  3.Pursue Growth and Learning -our potential is found within and needs to be unlocked.  4.3 types of happiness.  All with a twist I had not thought of - happiness.    If the ultimate goal is happiness, then wouldn't it make sense to study and learn more about the  science of happiness so that you can apply the research that's been done to your own life? (pg. 231, p. 5) By applying the knowledge to our businesses, how much happier would our clients be. Happiness is contagious.    Zappos purpose is delivering happiness to the world.  I recommend that you pick up a copy of the book.
B0025KVLU6|5.0|After seeing Johnny Depp's movie, I wanted a copy of the song Blackbird.  I found one CD in a thrift shop with it on it...but it was scratched, which ruined the sound.  I didn't even know what album it was a part of till I went online.  That's when I discovered your site, and was able to order the two CD album it was a part of. I found one that was reasonable in price, ordered it, and received it much faster than they told me I might.  It was PERFECT.  I love every song on- The White Album.  Many of the songs I had never even heard of, so it was like Christmas:))
B0001CNRBG|5.0|This is a great story about a couple married to other people who meet by accident, fall in love and continue an affair for almost 25 years by meeting one time each year for a weekend before going back to their families.  Nothing sleazy which is why it's so compelling, but fun to watch as they grow and change over the years.  Recommended for anyone who ever fell in love and knew it wouldn't work, but carried that feeling in their heart forever - which is basically everybody.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|I find it amazing that so many of the people who reviewed this disc whined about it having no \\"extras\\". I buy a disc because I want to watch the movie and enjoy it, over and over. I have no interest whatsoever in all the extras, deleted scenes, commentaries, interviews, bells, whistles, fireworks, violins, etc. that clutter up most movie discs today.  That is all nothing but an excuse that the studios can use to double the price of the disc and they do nothing to enhance the enjoyment of the film. This disc was fine for the purpose of anyone who wants to enjoy the film. What is even better is that even though it reads as \\"widescreen\\" it was put out in an aspect ratio that makes it fill virtually the entire screen of your tv set.  I throughly detest the \\"widescreen\\" format that leaves you watching a movie that fills the center third of your screen, with huge black blocks at top and bottom.  What, exactly, is the point of buying giant big screen tv's when movie discs leave one third of your screen blank at the top and another third blank at the bottom, leaving you to watch a movie squeezed into the middle of your screen?  I was not able to see Avatar in the theaters, so I wanted to see it at home. And when I did I was enchanted. The fantasy world of Pandora is utterly breath-taking, with colors so vivid you wonder if you ever saw real color before this. Cameron has done it again; someday the film world will stop doubting him. Bigger, better, more amazing, more entertaining, he does it all. Film reviewers keep grouching that his characters are steriotypes, his dialogue clunky----but I think I am sensing sour grapes here. I think all the critics wish that they could have made a movie that was not only marvelous, but made so much money it is unbelieveable. As for steriotypes? Did you ever wonder why something is a steriotype? Mostly because it is a character that speaks deeply to people, and is very, very popular.  The story of Avatar is that of a weary hero, very much abused and alone, finding himself willing to risk everything, even his chance at a new life, for a girl, a people and a world he has come to love. The hero that stands against great odds, to defend what is right, is an eternal figure. He has existed in every time, land and race since humanity began to dream. Humanity needs such heros, real or fictional. We all wish we could be such heros. The filming of Avatar is ground breaking, the story ideas interesting, the visual effect gorgeous.  You fly with dragons, run through giant forests, fight enemies, find love, taste disaster and triumph.  The basic story is simple---but all the very best stories are.  Especially the ones that last. As I think this one will.  So get this disc, enjoy the movie, the adventure and the beauty. It is a fantastic \\"feel good\\" film. And there's not a damned thing wrong with that as far I can see.
B002ZG977Y|3.0|Ok, if you compare this with the 80's movie, the plot and storyline of the original shoots this one out of the water. But as a movie by itself, it's ok.<br /><br />The thing I didn't like is how they change the myth of the greek gods to serve this film. Sure the monsters looks cooler in todays technology, but other than that, it's a \\"blah\\". The Olympians are mostly background fodder with only one other god that has a talking scene. What's up with that?<br /><br />The original is a lot better storywise, for the sole reason that Perseus has a connection with Andromeda in the first place and not just a meleh meeting. The gods are more involved on the story as well. They were always watching and assiting the hero in his quest. This \\"new\\" movie made it sounds like the \\"war\\" makes everyone should be concern, but I don't feel that at all.<br /><br />And what's up with making Hades always the bad guy? The original movie, Thetis, a sea goddess was the \\"bad\\" guy but not because she was evil, she's just protecting her own.<br /><br />This one could've done better but it felt like the makers are just hoping on the special effects to make people see the movie, nothing else! That only works once, on the first viewing, nothing more.
B002HTWYZ6|5.0|This is an excellent CD:  both from the musical as well as quality of sound points of view.  A classic CD.  The K2 HD version is simply magnificent.
B002ZG994U|5.0|This was awesome! Pure and simple. This was amazing! The A-Team is a hit. Some may not know fully what The A-Team is. The A-Team is based on the 80's TV show of the same name. It is about a crack commando unit who were charged for a crime they didn't commit, and are now being chased by the government. While in hiding, they take on jobs by people who need their help. That's the main intro to the TV show. The movie is how The A-Team got together, and the reason why they go into hiding. Now, some differences have been made. Since this isn't the 80's, this is a much bigger spectacle of a show than the original. Instead of being Vietnam vets, they were in Iraq.     Liam Neeson plays John \\"Hannibal\\" Smith, the cigar smoking leader of The A-Team. Quinton 'Rampage' Jackson plays B.A Baracus, the guy with a bad attitude. Bradley Cooper plays Templeton \\"Face'man'\\" Peck, the smooth talking ladies man. And Sharlto Copley plays H.M Murdock, the insane pilot. They all play their roles perfectly.     This is a fun popcorn flick, and just a great film. There are some crazy impossible scenes, like firing the falling tank, (You'll understand when you see it) but if you just turn off your brain, and whether you're a fan of the original show or not this is a terrific film in my opinion. Critics didn't like it a ton, but regular movie-goers seem to like it, I sure did. So if you're in the mood for a fun, crazy film, this is the film for you.
B001IAOEXU|4.0|I just picked these up today at a local Gamestop after a friend recommended them to me and I read reviews on Amazon. These are well worth the price of admission. When I first bought them, I was unsure of how much of a difference these could really make, after all, they're basically just cheap plastic clip-ons. But immediately while gaming the difference was noticeable. I just put in around a 4 hour gaming session with Red Dead Redemption, and these were amazing. The controller felt much more comfortable and precise in my hand - a much more natural fit and feel than the standard PS3 R2/L2 buttons. You will not be disappointed.
1439130833|5.0|This has been a great daily dose of information.  Its difficult to stay in a positive state of mind but using this calendar and each morning reading something positive, I find that it helps set the tone for the rest of the day.
B0002TJGQS|5.0|The product was received quickly and in good condition. The batteries were purchased a a good price. They lasted as long as the brand name batteries supplied with the dog collar and name brand batteries I bought at Walmart. I will buy more when needed.
B0019N8P2W|5.0|Saris is the best.  Smart, sarcastic and acerbic, what more can you ask for from a friend?
B003ELOQD4|5.0|I have just watched the blu-ray of this concert and have been blown away.  I was a bit nervous after reading some of the negative reviews here, but as an owner of almost every U2 concert available on DVD I must say this one ranks as one of my top 3 (with Slane and Zoo TV - with Red Rocks just a little behind) as an exciting and explosive entertainment experience.    Trust me  - the editing is great - it suits each song (check out Vertigo) - and adds to the excitement (it does not jump around all the time, there are long shots when there need to be).  U2 are in great form as well, sounding much better than on the Vertigo tour DVD.    The stage and lighting are incredible, the setlist is great (nice to see and hear a few songs we haven't seen before - like Ultra Violet and In A Little While).  I like 'Pride' as much as the next fan but have heard quite enough of it for now.  The only minor quibble is I would like the band to play something off Pop again.    The extras are fun, it's nice to have the promo videos from the new album, the Berlin timelapse was interesting - did it really take 2-3 days to set everything up?  Wow.  Nice booklet as well.    The sound and video quality were fantastic on my setup (I watched on a large screen projector with dts sound).  The blu-ray defaults to stereo so I'm wondering if some reviewers here didn't know to switch to the multi-channel sound.    Like they say - you can't please all the people all the time - but I would suggest running to the nearest store (or putting this in your Amazon basket) without delay if you like U2 or have been wondering what all the fuss is about - this is entertainment at its best.
B001TH16DI|3.0|I Understand the difference between the theatrical and the Special Edition releases and the reason why they were not released. BUT I do think they should have just sucked it up and put the money into a conversion and re-doing some the sequences in the special editions, into high resolution format. THAN released them. THEY COULD HAVE given us both versions on the discs. I am JUST not satisfied with how much money they are trying to pull out of these constant RE-EDITIONS. I KNOW I DONT HAVE TO BUY THEM. HECK if we dont buy them... they are gonna assume that NO ONE is interested in them and THEY WONT release the special editions. Some of us didn't realize that going into the purchase of them, that they weren't SPECIAL EDITIONS. DO KNOW how many times a person PURCHASED THIS SET since VHS DAYS?  good lord.
B002ZG997M|5.0|People who give this 1 star, dont seem to understand that a movie such as The Book of Eli is a form of entertainment, which an ensamble of great actors come together and deliver. People become so serious to point out its flaws that their judgement is bias, and one sided. First off. Remember this is a FICTIONAL movie and it carries a twist of religion (that the one star reviews seem to gripe about), the good and the bad, exposistion, rising action, climax, falling action, denouement. Its story covers the basics. Although many people feel queezy about religion like its some sort of big evil repulsive creature, remember to watch this movie with an open mind, and not like one of a 8 year old. This movie is entended to entertain, and it does that. If you have a big freaking problem with religion in general, then skip this movie and quit whining. Otherwise, if you give it a chance, you might actually like this movie.<br /><br />Although it has this \\"religious\\" element, The Book of Eli tries to not keep your mind focused on just that fact. It brings together the gritty action, western kind of feel as Denzel is so on point to maintain, that sometimes you forget about the whole religion theme, the bible, and all that stuff people seem to have such a problem with. I do wish there was a little more scenes with Denzel laying the smackdown on a few people. He has a mission that he is determined to carryout before he dies and nobody is going to stop him from reaching it. Not only does it have the action and the violence that mostly everyone enjoys, but you end up kind of getting drawn to Denzels character and feel drawn into to not just him, but gary oldman playing a fine villain who is determined to seize what denzel has and use it for his own greed and his own agenda. Also, it delivers the twist at the end that if you havent figured out the spoiler from the million other reviews, just makes you go \\"wow.\\" It may not be the greatest movie ever made, but for what its worth, it is a good flick and is worth picking up or at least renting. But like I have said, if you USE AN OPEN MIND to watch this movie you might enjoy it a little more, just a thought.flick and is worth picking up or at least renting. But like I have said, if you USE AN OPEN MIND to watch this movie you might enjoy it a little more, just a thought.
B002SJIO5E|3.0|This is a tough film to review because I'm sure a lot of people loved it and a lot of people hated it. I liked the film because it is undeniably original and has a haunting quality with excellent FX. Unfortunately what I didn't like about it is that the film seems very choppy and loud, which distracts from the interesting story. I know this was intentional, but I'm not sure it was that way to go. I think the premise could stand alone without all of the bouncing around and explosions.<br /><br />No one seems to have touched on the fact that this film is a satire about illegal immigrants, I know the setting mirrors the apartheid, but it's really more global in its conception.  It's a very cool film, but I was bored at times, which is hard to believe because the film is stunning to look at.<br /><br />I wish that you could change your star ratings on reviews as I'm sure this film will grow on me over time and I might have bumped this one up another star.
B000F5GNX8|5.0|I hadn't heard of this movie until a friend randomly recommended it. And my life has never been the same... Ok, bit if a hyperbole - but this is seriously a GREAT MOVIE.
0307386171|5.0|The book arrived in the condition stated and in a very short time period.  I would purchase from this person again.
1423113381|5.0|This book was awesome. It keeps your attention throughout the whole book. If your into books like Harry Potter or Percy Jackson then you will love this one. I couldn't stop reading it, and when I finished the book I was sad that it was over.
0312370849|5.0|the book arrived in the condition stated and it arrived promptly.  I would purchase from this buyer again.
B00005BKZJ|5.0|I am a big fan of this movie. When I originally saw it at least ? 10+ yrs ago I swear the part where the German lady is sitting on the end of her bed in her room with her underwear on was much longer-it's just silence-something about that just tickles me and i think they made that part shorter in later DVDs-what's the orig date of the movie? i need that version.
B001GCUO5M|1.0|Scorcese would get the Ed Wood award with this awful movie, except Wood's movies are so bad and campy they are fun to watch. This thing takes itself very seriously.  The whole premise is evident in the opening scene where DiCaprio and Ruffulo are the only people on a big ferry crossing a harbor, dressed in standard G-man costumes (trench coats, fedoras, etc.). When they arrive at the dock of the wacko hospital they have to surrender their guns to the guards. Ruffalo, who is supposed to be a veteran lawman, can't even get his pitiful little revolver and holster out of his waist band.  So it's evident these two clowns aren't really federal marshals but some amateur's misconception, like a child playing soldier not knowing how a gun really works.  This may have been \\"borrowed\\" from A Beautiful Mind, or Angel Heart or some pretentious French movie.     It's evident in the first ten minutes that the LD character has some heavy mental issues, including the inability to stay in reality - there are gruesome scenes of him as a GI liberating Dachau with the bodies of murdered Jews everywhere, some that open their eyes, tell him he should have helped them, etc.,  and a scene where he and the other GI's massacre the concentration camp guards, which of  course did not happen. On the other hand a lot of the people who watch this crap probably don't even know which decade WWII was fought in.  The plot borrows from the real life horror story of Andrea Yates, the Houston psycho-mom who drowned her five children in the bath tub.  This movie is a grab bag of \\"ideas\\" and incidents - Nazi medical experiments, CIA mind control and experiments on humans, and a rip off from the old t.v. soap opera Dallas where we find that  nothing in the whole season where Bobby supposedly died really happened, but was just a bad dream, except in this case SPOILER COMING NOW - the main character wakes up from his nightmare/delusion to find that he is - guess who - the husband of the Andrea Yates characterwhom he murdered for drowning their children, and went wacko and got sent to the nervous hospital, where he is about to get a lobotomy.        What makes this movie such a waste is the presence of some great actors including LD, Ben Kingsley and Max von Sydow, and very good, atmospheric cinematography.  It has to be depressing to them and Scorcese to have wasted a year or more of their lives on this, but maybe the money salves the wounds.
B0028DRGDQ|4.0|This Cinema Verite point of view flick is well acted, has a great sense of creepiness and though I am not a huge fan of the shaking camera work of these type of films, REC was effectively directed and has great re-watchablity!
0446607274|4.0|Wonder how Harry got so cynical, so lonely, so determined? Angels Flight answers all those questions, and more. Called out upon the discovery of the murder of an anti-cop lawyer, he immediately fears that a cop committed the crime. In the post OJ climate of LA, the chief demands a politically correct outcome to this investigation. But Harry has a conscience, and the outrages that occur as he works the scene and the records, threaten to undermine his willingness, and ability, to work within the system. Complicating matters are worries about his marriage. Harry and Eleanor love each other, but she seems to feel the lack of something indeterminate, and he had hoped, when they married, that he could provide the je ne sais pas. If only Harry could come to the realization that no one can do that, that Eleanor must find her own spark. But he can't, and so he suffers. Eleanor's a fool.<br /><br />Harry Bosch is a curious combination of hard boiled and sensitive. He is his own harshest critic, and his Los Angeles is anything but the city of dreams. Perhaps that is what makes him such an engaging protagonist. The reader feels with him and for him, and trusts him to do the right thing, morally if not practically. In Angels Flight, he is pushed to the limit.
B000063JDE|5.0|The film opens with artful visuals of a white picket fence, red roses planted beside the fence, and a clear blue sky.  Red, white and blue--the symbols of a quiet, small, middle class town in America.  A fire truck with a dalmation dog standing on its side slowly passes by.  The town's name is Lumberton.  Its state is not mentioned.  This can be any place in America.  But lurking in small town America, hidden in some grass, is someone's severed ear, being brutally attacked by insects.      The ear is discovered by college student Jeffrey Beaumont, well played by Kyle MacLachlin.  Jeffrey is home from college because his father has suffered a stroke and been hospitalized.  Up to this point, Jeffrey has been the product of small town Lumberton.  He is naive and very inexperienced in the evil side of life.  So is the young and pretty \\"teen angel,\\" Sandy, as played by Laura Dern.  Sandy is the daughter of the town's chief police detective.  They meet, fall in love, and become involved in the investigation of the crime of the severed ear.    Jeffrey learns that the ear belongs to the husband of lounge singer, Dorothy Vallens, who together with their little son, have been abducted by an evil, psychopathic maniac, with the name of Frank Booth.  Dennis Hopper gives an extremely frightening, over-the-top performance as Frank Booth.  He is the ultimate villain of such hatefulness and repulsiveness, that one cannot stand to look at him.  Ironically enough, Frank Booth clearly sends out signals of vile hatred whenever anyone should look at him.  Dorothy is played by Isabella Rosselini, a beautiful, mysterious, and seemingly very masochistic femme fatale. Jeffrey has never experienced anyone like Dorothy and is instantly captivated. Dorothy also happens to be Frank Booth's sex-slave.   Mesmerized by her, Jeffrey has become Dorothy's protector and lover.      \\"Blue Velvet\\" is a film of great magnetism and intensity.  After the first few minutes of watching it, I was hooked.  Together with its moments of extreme violence and sadism, as well as its brief moments of \\"comic relief\\" (particularly a couple of scenes with Dean Stockwell as Frank Booth's \\"suave\\" friend) \\"Blue Velvet,\\" is one of my favorite all time films.  At least in my opinion, it is also one of the truly great movies of the last third of the 20th century.
1935251740|4.0|One of the most intriguing mysteries in science involves our existence in the universe.  How did it happen that all the conditions necessary for the emergence of life, from the values of the four forces, to the mass of elementary particles, to the conditions within stars, are tailor made for the existence of life?  If any one of the hundreds of fundamental values of nature were slightly different we would not be here to ponder our existence.<br /><br />  Robert Lanza says that, currently, there are only three hypothesis to explain these remarkable coincidences.  The first idea, which merely averts any serious treatment of the subject, is to simply say, God did it all.<br /><br />  The second contender is the anthropic principle which has two versions, the \\"weak\\" and the \\"strong\\": The \\"weak\\" anthropic principle states that we would not be here to ponder our existence unless the conditions were just perfect to spawn life.  In a Darwinian sense, it is possible that our universe is one of trillions of universes that popped into existence, and it is simply mere chance circumstance that our universe supports living organisms.  Not only is there no observational data to support this idea, but it is no more satisfying than chance mutation for an explanation of biological evolution.<br /><br />  The \\"strong\\" anthropic principle, which is similar to the \\"participatory universe\\" advocated by renowned physicist John Wheeler, concludes that it is no accident that the universe has the conditions to support life, because it is we, the observers, who have brought forth our present universe.  Those unfamiliar with quantum experiments might find this idea a bit outrageous, but ample experimental evidence prevails. Thought experiments, initially proposed by John Wheeler and others, where put to the test in the 1980s and results conclusively indicated that an observation in the present can retroactively and instantaneously change the path of a particle in the distant past without regard to time and space.<br /><br />  The third proposition, similar to the strong anthopic principle and advocated by Lanza, is called \\"Biocentrism\\".  Lanza professes that the universe exists in a state of superposition.  The observer is necessary to collapse this state of probabilities into a discrete reality.  The idea that a particle only exists as a probability until observed was first proposed by Max Born, who discovered to Einstein's dismay that the electron exists only as a statistical probability until it is observed.  This is now the cornerstone of the Copenhagen interpretation of reality.  Lanza purposes that the universe itself exists in a state of probability until it is observed:  \\"There is no separate physical universe outside of life and consciousness.  Nothing is real that is not perceived.  There was never a time when an external, dumb, physical universe existed, or that life sprang randomly from it as a later date.  Space and time exist only as constructs of the mind, as tools of perception\\" (159).<br /><br />  Relativity theory, which treats space and time as malleable and dependent upon the frame of reference of the observer, lends credence to Lanza's notion that space and time are merely perceptual constructs.  It is very counterintuitive to image that space and time are not part of reality, yet Isaac Newton's three laws of motion Irwin Schrodinger's wave mechanics, Werner Heisenberg's matrix equations, Richard Feynman's sum over histories equations, and Albert Einstein's field equations are all time symmetrical.  We have always equated change and movement with time, yet the relationship between time and motion is nothing more than a persistent illusion. Only the second law of thermodynamics appears time asymmetrical.  Systems tend to move from a state of order to a more probable state of entropy.  Lanza says this fact has nothing to do with time.  The second law of thermodynamics does not necessitate time--\\"Time\\" necessitates the second law of thermodynamics.<br /><br />  I think that \\"Biocentrism\\", the book and the word itself will become as common to our language as \\"the big bang\\" or \\"black-holes', but I am not certain that this work is that unconventional or revolutionay, because of its similarities to John Wheeler's \\"participatory Universe\\" idea.  The difference between Wheeler's participatory universe and Lanza's Biocentrism is slight but significant.  While Wheeler believes that the material universe has come into its present state as a result of initial observations, Lanza believes that observations are ongoing and continual and that consciousness and the material world are \\"correlative.\\"  The moon, he would contend, ceases to exist when we are not looking.  I, for one, believe that my bed is there even as I sleep.  Even so, Lanza makes an extraordinarily rational argument for his Biocentrism thesis.  This is one of those intriguing books that come along all too infrequently.<br /><br />This review by David Kreiter, author of: \\"Quantum Reality: A New Philosophical Perspective.hink that \\"Biocentrism\\", the book and the word itself will become as common to our language as \\"the big bang\\" or \\"black-holes', but I am not certain that this work is that unconventional or revolutionay, because of its similarities to John Wheeler's \\"participatory Universe\\" idea.  The difference between Wheeler's participatory universe and Lanza's Biocentrism is slight but significant.  While Wheeler believes that the material universe has come into its present state as a result of initial observations, Lanza believes that observations are ongoing and continual and that consciousness and the material world are \\"correlative.\\"  The moon, he would contend, ceases to exist when we are not looking.  I, for one, believe that my bed is there even as I sleep.  Even so, Lanza makes an extraordinarily rational argument for his Biocentrism thesis.  This is one of those intriguing books that come along all too infrequently.      This review by David Kreiter, author of: \\"Quantum Reality: A New Philosophical Perspective.
B001FB563E|5.0|Hollywood films are usually so sugar-coated. Everything has a resolution and/or a happy ending.<br />Well, life isn't like that, so sometimes a dark film is actually a good thing.<br />I don't want to spoil anything, but it's refreshing to see a film start carries the dark and depressing theme throughout the ENTIRE duration.<br /><br />When I was studying cinema in college, I had visions of grandeur of becoming an awesome director by making against-the-grain films, against the Hollywood norms where there isn't a resolution or happy ending, that audiences would enjoy.<br />While the first part is still on backorder, at least I know the second part can be true, as I really did enjoy this movie.<br />There are a few flashbacks that break the monotonous setting, but from beginning to end, it's a visual tour de force of bleakness.<br />This would be a perfect movie to see after being dumped or fired. It's like Washington state on a really bad hair-day.<br /><br />I'm no professional acting judge so I'm not going to make some pompous critique of the performances, but I LOVE Charlize Theron, and it's another fine role that stretches her acting range. She doesn't play a &#34;good&#34; or &#34;bad&#34; person in this movie, and her character has a very human flaw, and in the end she takes the &#34;easy&#34; way out.<br /><br />Ask yourself, what would you do if you were the last few survivors of a dying world or one on reset? What is there left to live for? In movies like I Am Legend, The Day the Earth Stood Still, etc., the filmmakers dance around that question by not creating such a bleak (and real) outcome, and taking the easy way out themselves.<br />But this is the first movie I've watched that tackles that question head-on and makes you conscious of it immediately.<br />It's one of those rare settings where the outcome has already been decided in the beginning, and you're along for the ride to just find out how long it will last.<br /><br />It also asks the question, are humans essentially Good or Bad beings?<br />An English teacher of mine in high school once asked this question, and I, not knowing back then, ultimately decided that we are Good.<br />But humans are essentially animals, and as animals our #1 instinct is survival. When you break us down to our core, we will do whatever it takes to survive.<br />WHATEVER IT TAKES.<br />Whether that means to kill to give yourself power and control over people, to kill one another as food, or to kill to keep your son alive for the future, it still all boils down to survival, whatever the rhyme or reason.<br /><br />There is no right or wrong answer. We are human. We are survivors.<br /><br />P.S. If you're interested, check out the book from chich the movie was based [[ASIN:0307476316 The Road (Movie Tie-in Edition 2009) (Vintage International)]]re humans essentially Good or Bad beings?<br />An English teacher of mine in high school once asked this question, and I, not knowing back then, ultimately decided that we are Good.<br />But humans are essentially animals, and as animals our #1 instinct is survival. When you break us down to our core, we will do whatever it takes to survive.<br />WHATEVER IT TAKES.<br />Whether that means to kill to give yourself power and control over people, to kill one another as food, or to kill to keep your son alive for the future, it still all boils down to survival, whatever the rhyme or reason.<br /><br />There is no right or wrong answer. We are human. We are survivors.<br /><br />P.S. If you're interested, check out the book from chich the movie was based [[ASIN:0307476316 The Road (Movie Tie-in Edition 2009) (Vintage International)]]
B000PKX2KA|5.0|I haven't tested it a lot yet, but the build quality is good. It works perfectly fine on Windows 7 (be sure to run the GPS INFO UTILITY with administrative rights to detect the COM ports, otherwise it's not going to show any of the COM ports to get access to the device). It works fine with Garmin Mobile PC, it's just like having a Garmin GPS in your computer. The magnet inside the device is strong enough for a firm attachment to any metal surface.
B000056VJ7|5.0|This was released the year after I graduated from High School and it is truly just as great today as it was back then.     This brings back so many memories for me because the lyrics were so great for a teenager.  The songs just bring back memories of so many things you go through at that age.      I love so many of the songs on the cd but my all time favorite is \\"Two Out of Three Ain't Bad.\\"  This song always moves me.  Also, All Revved Up With No Place to Go is great and of course the title track, Bat Out of Hell is classic.     For me at least, Meatloaf's Bat Out of Hell just stands the test of time.  Once again, It is as great today as it was back then!
B002U6CJCO|3.0|Universal Soldier-Regeneration(released Jan/10) is the newest incarnation of the long running franchise which started way back in 1992.It's hard to believe it's been that long and harder still to believe Van Damme,Lundgren et al can still make with the action sequences as good as they do here 18 years later.Van Damme seems to look the older of the two but both are still in great physical shape.Screenwriter,director,cinematographer Peter Hyams comes on board as camera head while his son John directs.Peter of course has worked with Van Damme in Timecop and Sudden Death, so along with Lundgren it was old home week on the set in Bulgaria.<br />The story involves a group of rogue terrorists looking to free some political prisoners in the Soviet Union.To facilitate this the terrorists seize control of the Chernobyl Nuclear Plant and threaten to blow one of the reactors within 72 hours while also kidnapping the Russian Presidents teenage children for good measure.In order to accomplish his agenda the head of the terrorists General Boris(Akni Avni)has hired a now rogue scientist from the States who worked on the original Uni-Sol project to provide an NGU(new generation Uni-Sol).The NGU has been improved on a genetic level and is faster and stronger than the original Uni-Sols.And this has proven quite effective as he single handedly repels attack after attack of the joint US/Russian force assigned the job of retaking the plant and rescuing the children.<br />In the meantime ex-Uni-Sol Luc Devreaux(Van Damme),who has been in rehabilitation to get him off the project drugs in order to reintegrate him back into society,has again been recruited to rescue the children.As the clock ticks down the Russian president finally capitulates to the terrorists demands ending the tense stand off.However the rogue scientist with an agenda of his own and tired of being pushed around and used by the terrorists,finally unleashes his ace in the hole.All along he has kept hidden a Uni-Sol from the original project,Sgt Scott(Lundgren),who he re-animates in an effort to start a new Uni-Sol/NGU army.But Sgt Scott does not respond well to his reawakening and is even more psychotic than before.He kills the scientist and is just about to kill the children when Luc arrives on the scene.A brutal battle ensues between them with Luc barely managing to come through with a victory.Next Luc has to not only safeguard and remove the children from danger he has to confront and stop the terrorists' NGU.Through a series of pitched battles Luc finally manages to take down the NGU with the bomb originally destined to blow the reactor up with.<br />An explosion occurs and we see the aftermath with haz-mat suited personnel picking up the pieces and brandishing Geiger counters.The film ends with a scientist who helped the government side during the mission looking over newly cloned super soldiers.<br />When the movie starts one expects to see Van Damme momentarily but one has to wait about 17 minutes before this happens as the film makers get their narrative going.It is almost 50 minutes into the film before we see Lundgren/Scott and unfortunately Lundgren is all too soon dispatched by Van Damme/Devreaux. However during that brief encounter Lundgren(to his credit)manages to project that deadly menace we remember oh so well from the first one.The sole NGU played by Andrei Arlovski(ex MMA fighter and UFC champion)also does a surprisingly well turn as the single-minded and deadly killing machine he is.Director of photography Peter Hyams does a great piece of work on his instrument of choice.The camera motion is fluid throughout and he gives us many close angles of the on screen action,even to the extent of blood splattering on the lens,that gives an immediacy to the proceedings that otherwise would not have been there otherwise.<br />The film was shot in Bulgaria at a location that looks like some abandoned factory that subbed for Chernobyl.There are a couple of stumbling points inthe script if one wants to get picky.One is Devreaux's re-integration into society.One almost has to overlook the second Van Damme installment Universal Soldier-The Return,because in that film Devreaux seemed to be a fairly well adjusted consultant/individual to the entire project,even having a brief romantic involvement with a reporter.Here a scientist has been working with him to take him off the Uni-Sol drugs and he acts more like a zombie than the more normal character he portrayed in The Return.Secondly is the whole Chernobyl area idea.The entire area around the reactor in reality is a dead zone and highly radioactive.Anyone going as close to the grounds as the terrorists and the rescuing joint US/Soviet forces did would die a terrible radioactive induced death in short order.The Uni-Sols and NGU are another matter that could be over looked due to their enhancements but not the others.<br />The stories' plot is a usual good guys versus bad one with alot of been there-done that scenarios but it does include more suspense than the usual shoot em' up action flicks,which elevates it slightly above the average flicks of the genre.<br />Technically the film is a direct to video transfer and has been done very well.The sound is top form and it is presented in a nice 2:35:1 widescreen ratio.The extras are a little thin as there is just a commentary by the director and Lundgren and a behind the scenes 20m featurette.The DVD comes in a regular size keep case and is itself enclosed in a cardboard case which mimics the DVD cases'cover;which has a nice embossed feel to it.<br />All in all I give the film 3 1/2 stars.Although nothing too special it is a better than average action flick and is an attempt at restarting the franchise.Van Damme and Lundgren are both looking their ages(especially JC) but both can still kick on screen cinematic butt quite well.Lundgren's late and relatively brief on screen appearance is a disappointment but we hope to see more of this pair in the NEXT installment in Universal Soldier#4.Oops,did I say that? You didn't hear it from me.nts to get picky.One is Devreaux's re-integration into society.One almost has to overlook the second Van Damme installment Universal Soldier-The Return,because in that film Devreaux seemed to be a fairly well adjusted consultant/individual to the entire project,even having a brief romantic involvement with a reporter.Here a scientist has been working with him to take him off the Uni-Sol drugs and he acts more like a zombie than the more normal character he portrayed in The Return.Secondly is the whole Chernobyl area idea.The entire area around the reactor in reality is a dead zone and highly radioactive.Anyone going as close to the grounds as the terrorists and the rescuing joint US/Soviet forces did would die a terrible radioactive induced death in short order.The Uni-Sols and NGU are another matter that could be over looked due to their enhancements but not the others.  The stories' plot is a usual good guys versus bad one with alot of been there-done that scenarios but it does include more suspense than the usual shoot em' up action flicks,which elevates it slightly above the average flicks of the genre.  Technically the film is a direct to video transfer and has been done very well.The sound is top form and it is presented in a nice 2:35:1 widescreen ratio.The extras are a little thin as there is just a commentary by the director and Lundgren and a behind the scenes 20m featurette.The DVD comes in a regular size keep case and is itself enclosed in a cardboard case which mimics the DVD cases'cover;which has a nice embossed feel to it.  All in all I give the film 3 1/2 stars.Although nothing too special it is a better than average action flick and is an attempt at restarting the franchise.Van Damme and Lundgren are both looking their ages(especially JC) but both can still kick on screen cinematic butt quite well.Lundgren's late and relatively brief on screen appearance is a disappointment but we hope to see more of this pair in the NEXT installment in Universal Soldier#4.Oops,did I say that? You didn't hear it from me.
B0039TD7PY|4.0|Names whitch made history in the 70`s, till today, and forever. Dvd with excellent production and great atmosphere. They are getting older with the same musical feeling. If the voices could not be 100% the same, they still keep their carismatic presense.
1401323820|5.0|Reading this book was like reading a script for the show.The characters had, well, character! While I was suprised by the book's very small size (it can be read in a day) that didn't take away from it's fun story line. If you're a fan of the TV show Castle, this book is a must for you to read.
B000ESSTL0|5.0|First off, if your reading this then you know DM's Violator so your interested in the 5.1 mixing quality and I have to say it(along with Music For The Masses) in the DTS version is some of the best, if not the best DTS mixing I have ever heard. An awesome album just got worlds better. The music is crisp,clear,full, and so much more richer than the original recording, especially if you have a nice 5.1 set up. I don't know what the cd recording is like, I haven't bothered to listen to it or even watch what extras are in the package. I bought this for the 5.1 mix alone and it's more than woth it if your a DM fan. Puts a new aspect on the album. Haven't heard the sacd version so I can't compare the two and I haven't got a clue why so many are down on this version because it's not a sacd. If you have a basic dvd player and can decode DTS this version is well worth it.
B0032Y8XH8|3.0|I must say that Im guilty of buying this CD based on the reviews here. That and I reviewed two of the more popular songs from this album and assumed all the songs would be of that quality.    This is what I believe is GOOD about the album:    The actual musicians are amazing! They have a beautiful, if not perfect folksy sound. The three songs I enjoy include \\"Winter Winds\\" which reminds me of the band Beirut. \\"White Blank Page\\" is the song that caught my attention and introduced me to the band while overhearing it on the radio. While someone could sum it up as another love story gone wrong, to hear what I would define as \\"anger\\" in a folk song surprises me. Lastly,\\"Little Lion Man\\" is fantastic for again that inserted anger or raw regret in what is usually considered \\"soft\\" music.    What I believe goes WRONG for the album is this:    The lyrics for most of this gorgeous music is 6th grade at best. I agree with another reviewer when they state the \\"lyricist takes the easy rhyme\\". In other words its not as clever or grown up as \\"Iron and Wine\\" \\"Damien Rice\\" (O Album) or \\"The Mountain Goats\\" (The Sunset Tree).    The other thing that bugs me is the content of the lyrics. For instance if someone sang about war, poverty, jail time, and redemption, yet never really experienced those things... then you can bet, no matter how much they expressed it, it wouldnt have the same impact as someone who HAD experienced those things.     The lyrics try to impose depth where none exists! The lyricist needs more time to mature or expand upon what they are trying to convey without falling short of the goal.    In conclusion, this is a band worth checking out but I would certainly consider other bands before buying into this one.
B000ESSTKG|5.0|If your reading a review of MFTM deluxe edition I am going to make an assumption you already know the music so your interested in the 5.1 mixing, which I must say has to be one of the best I have heard. I haven't heard the sacd version so I don't know how they compare and the few sacd's I have are good but,this recording and mixing is just as good. Some of the best DTS I have heard. I have this and Violator deluxe edition(read DTS versions) and they are both equally as good. Puts a new dimension to a classic and if you have a nice surround setup it's worth having. It's so much more rich and full. Clear, crisp, and there is enough bass to rattle the rafters! I don't think I have watched the videos or any of the extras, not sure whats even on as far as that goes, I bought this for the 5.1 mixing and honestly havent even listened to the cd. No need to.
B001HN694K|4.0|Without having much to do with Alice in Wonderland in previous time, I approached this with feet of new.  And it's an important movie to me.  It's a touchstone, to remind of forgiveness and punishment for forgetting to be the myself I want to be.  Because I need to know why a raven is like a writing desk.  And if you know the answer to that riddle, you'll understand what I mean.  Maybe.  Well, OK, probably not.    It's a playful story, though, this Alice in Wonderland, whose heart is well placed with the actress Mia Wasikowska.  She's incredibly pretty with a sweet strength of a voice.  But in this story her journey through the land of Wonder is too vegetarian.  Of course confusion needs unconfusing and strength needs to be returned, but there should be meat to why the answers need questions.   The prelude to her fall down the rabbit hole isn't good enough.  And neither is the support cast, save the insane door mouse, the Dweetles, and the Red Queen.  Johnny Depp is very actorish as the Mad Hatter, making a bad call returning to a Scottish accent one too many (meaning once might have been too many) and stealing from Mike Myers (deep voice, barely breathing while speaking).  Anne Hathaway is a mannequin in her role as the White Queen and I feel for her in the same way I do my neighbors fence.  The Chesher Cat, who I wanted to love, lacked charm or humor or or.  Yes, it definitely lacked enough or.    But again, it's the playfulness and the close-your eyes beauty of Um from Umbridge that makes this movie feel like a home.  I doubt you'll stay long enough to where you'll buy an in ground swimming pool, but you'll be happy about having lived there when you get to where you are.      Have a happy frabjous day.
B00004UIP1|5.0|Rene Jacob's series of mature Mozart operas has produced recordings that cry out for attention in a very crowded market place. This recording did not receive the accolades of the Figaro set, but it is a delight. While the singing is awlays good it is Jacobs who breathes life into the recording by a combination of attention to detail and historical perspective with a wonderful sense of dramatic pacing and understanding of musical structure.<br /><br />A sense of freshness is achieved through a variety of methods: the use of the forte piano playing with the orchestra, the dramatic flair of the recitatives, tasteful embellishments and the beguiling sound of the period orchestra. Unusally for a historical instruments recording, Jacobs really wallows in sensuously languid tempi in the delicious slow ensembles. He is not afraid to enjoy the beauty of the music and Gens has the most creamy soprano tone to allow this to work. Her voice contains an ideal combination of strength with emotional vulnerability for this role. Both her great arias are thrilling. The ensemble finales truly fizz.<br /><br />Jacobs recordings always feature star quality voices who are able to act brilliantly and adapt to his musical vision. Fink is an exciting and volatile Dorabella and Spagnoli, as always, provides his combination of humour and virility. If there is any weakness it is the singing of the tenor Werner Gura (Werner is such a tenor name isn't it?). While always sensitive and musical with his phrasing the voice itself is light and fails to convery the emotional punch in the aria and the duets with the ample toned Gens.<br /><br />The recorded sound is outstanding, capturing the delicacy of the writing (especially the woodwinds)but also having a great sense of warmth. This is a perfect addition to your collection of Cosis, complementing the more stately and perhaps graceful older recordings of Bohm and Karajan. It is also a great place to start. The packaging in this release is truly sumptuous.
B003CFBQBW|5.0|Before I bought the soundtrack, I sampled all the songs. I have to say only a few stood out, one being \\"All Yours.\\" Well I bought the soundtrack (makes sense, since I have the other two) and boy glad I bought it :)! Funny enough I ended up liking most if not all the songs, of course I do have my favorites. All in all, worth buying. I do like what one reviewer said about seeing where the songs will fit in the movie.
B002VPE1B6|1.0|Avatar etc.<br /><br />I have seen Alien by Ridley Scott and Avatar by Cameron.  The first movie Alien was pretty good but only near the end.  The final scene was quite poetic.  Watching Sigourney Weaver push the creature out of the ship was done in a fairly slow but peaceful way.  One couldn't feel anything but entranced by that scene.  Avatar was pretty predictable and didn't take much mental prowess to understand.  It had no real way to make you become interested in it. It was supposed to be a 3-D film.  The past of 3D films has not been very filled with quality.  They have always been more involved with wowing the viewer with images popping out of the screen and making the film maker look like some kind of innovator.  Real innovation is when the director and writers present a new way to look at humanity.<br /><br />Avatar was nothing like the great movies of Bergman who understood humanity and its various twists and turns.  He had no need for huge production budgets.  One movie I did see from last year is Precious.  This movie far outshone Avatar.  The movie involved us as humans to care about someone.  The main character in this movie showed her ability to shine even though the main people in her life tried to drag her down. The resolve of Precious at the end movie leaves you feeling good about her.
B0034JKZ3G|5.0|This movie has such a heart warming story and brings me back to the old fashioned Disney movies of the 50s and 60s that I just love.  Great music and a return to hand drawn animation.  I really enjoyed the behind the scenes extras too.  It looks fantastic in 1080p too.<br /><br />In summary absolutely adorable :)
B000001G16|5.0|I had not known of Richie's solo projects until recently. It seems to me that his music from both of the albums Stranger In This Town and Undiscovered Soul were written and put out there way before their time. He should consider re-releasing them....there is so much awesome music on them both! The songs on Stranger In This Town are soulful and reflective. \\"One Light Burning\\" and \\"The Answer\\" are my favorites off of this cd....but the other songs are just as great. Really worth the cost of the cd...I am just sorry I didn't get them sooner.
B002GHHHL0|5.0|This is one of those movies I love to listen to while doing stuff around the house.  I love Samuel L. Jackson, but also the LL Cool J character is really funny.
B000FC1GJW|5.0|\\"The Amber Spyglass\\" by Philip Pullman is one of the greatest fictional stories I have ever read. Indeed as I was reading through the entire series (The Golden Compass, The Subtle Knife, The Amber Spyglass) I had thoughts and feelings which I have only experienced when reading books of supreme quality and worth such as Arthur C. Clarke's 2001: A Space Odyssey series, or Stephen Baxter's Xeelee Sequence. I stopped at nothing to explore and educate myself about what I was reading as I finished all three books in record time and found myself greatly appreciative of Mr. Pullman's ability to write as well as sad that the adventure had to end.     Will and Lyra complete the task set out to them through even harder trials then they previously encountered. Just like many other fans I have found myself saddened by the ending as Will and Lyra have to make a choice which will affect them for the rest of their lives. Though the reader is given a glimmer of hope which makes you understand just as the characters do that it's all for the best. I hope that I come across books again in my life which radiate with the same vigor and adventure as \\"The Amber Spyglass.\\"
B002VPE1AW|4.0|Only 4 stars because the DVD does not have any special features on this release.  The movie is great.  Best viewed in a darkened room as it enhances the color and experience.  The marketing for the movie has found a way to make more money.  They put out this movie on DVD quickly but without any special features.  I heard that later this year they will release it with the special features.  We did not want to wait to buy it until the special features was included so we bought now.  Probably will rent it once later to view the special features when that disc comes out.  Don't really need to own the special features of a movie.
0385340567|5.0|I will stipulate that Nothing to Lose is not the best in the series - Die Trying? Without Fail? The Enemy? Who can say - but it's still excellent. I was tempted to give it 4 stars, but had to boost it an extra star to try to counteract some of the clowns who gave it 1 star because of its \\"liberal message\\".
0446563048|5.0|Not sure when it was the first time I heard time about Zappos. What I did remember however was a picture of Tony laying down with shoes all around. At that time if I can recall the company was just doing I believe 200 million dollars in sales. WOW! As I think about it, what a difference in time that was when they were doing only 200 million dollars in revenue. Now it is 2010 and its yearly gross is about 1 billion in revenue and let's not also forget when Tony Hsieh sold his company to Amazon last year worth a billion dollars. So if there was a story I wanted to read, an entrepreneur I wanted to learn from. Tony Hsieh takes the cake. This book was very fast easy read, yet has amazing valuable information that can help any entrepreneur in making their company about going above and beyond in customer service. Some of the contents that I will talk about will spoil a little bit of the book of the stories, however it is still worth the read, because Tony's words and knowledges are valuable for any entrepreneur who seek to be as successful as he is.    Upon reading the first chapter, I was already fascinated in that he reminded me of a modern day Ferris Bueller. Always finding angles to cut corners by using the minimal time of work yet benefitting the maximum in productivity and results. The book really goes deep in discussing his childhood memories from his perspective. He started working in making selling buttons and just hustled in entrepreneurship. He can always make a 2 dollars out of 50 cents it seems like. There was one story I can recalled when on Saturday mornings in order to appease or you can say convince his mom and dad that he was practicing his violin or piano. He would take a recording of him playing and practicing. He would sneak down early in the morning play it on a tape recorder and that time he would be watching Saturday cartoons. Talk about sneaky, or talk about genius. It was these kinds of thinking that Tony even as a child had angles to play it smart and at the same time make everyone happy, which in this case was his parents \\"hearing\\" their son practicing his instrument and Tony getting to watch Saturday morning cartoons.    There was also the days in Harvard, where as a college kid he was more than a guy that went to school. He was a on going business man, whether he was buying or selling pizza. It was great too that was where he met his future partners. He was always thinking of what he can do hustle in making a buck here and there. Tony had a knack at doing things quickly, acted fast, always about giving value to the people and always do what you love. I think that is something I've noticed in all entrepreneurs that you kinda have to love what you do because nothing is guaranteed and you may fail.  Tony goes deep in the stories of what he had to go through to get LinkExchange going to eventually being bought. To ended up into the beginnings of Zappos. His story of Zappos was an interesting one and I recommended you reading the book to really see how it went down. The one thing I highly admire about Tony is not only he believed in his vision, but he always managed to pull through went things seemed so bleak for the company and they were about to go bankrupt. Yet somehow he was able to sell his investment condo to float the company a couple more months. Yet he was always steadfast and never panicked, something truly admiring about him.    When you read the book you see the Zappos stories, and him as a amazing just great human being. I like to make the analogy that he truly is the first CEO or owner of the company that has absolutely no ego and where YES... Nice Guys can Finish First.    He ends the book more on a spiritual note on happiness. Are you doing the things that you are doing to be happy, because that is a true question that one should answer. So read the the majority of the book to see the beginnings and end of his journey as an entrepreneur. While the end is about looking deep inside of you and think of the philosophy to think about what you are doing and give yourself a moment to answer a simple a question of: Why you are doing the things you are today and for tomorrow? Because I agree with Tony that it is about answering a sense of happiness. Whether it is fulfilling your goals of a career, a family, a legacy, a business, and etc. It is all about doing something in your life to fulfill happiness. That last chapter really struck me pretty hard, because I tend to always look at the end of result of the my visions of business or what have yous. Yet, I never really sat down to think why I am doing what I am doing. The better the Why the more chances that these goals are fulfilled. He kinda ends the book the same way that Ferris Bueller says in the end of the movie. \\"Life moves fast and if you're not careful... you might miss it\\" Similar to the analogy in the end of the book of finding your happiness and find your greater purposes of why you are doing what you doing in finding happiness.     I highly recommend this book, truly inspiring, and a great book to share with fellow peers to show how a business can be about the value of the customer and not the bottom line. Which in term will be more long term and making your business grow to new heights.
B0026P3G12|5.0|Very good quality and, of course, perfect pitch from Susan.  Enjoyed this cd immensely
B003CFBQBW|5.0|I loved the New Moon soundtrack.  The \\"indie\\" sound of that album was a perfect fit for the mood of the book/movie.  The album also stood alone as a great collection of music without the Twilight connection. I was therefore looking forward to the Eclipse soundtrack, and purchased it the moment it became available.  I'm only on my third listen, but I'm already extremely happy with the quality of music selected. The songs are mostly upbeat, with a few perfectly placed melancholy ballads.  A great way to find new music, as I hate listening to mainstream radio.  Two thumbs up to music supervisors Paul Katz and Alexandra Patsavas for compiling another fantastic listen.
B000OVLBF8|3.0|\\"Ghost Rider\\" is a by-the-books superhero movie in all shapes and forms.  It sets up like a tragedy, showcase the protagonist's transformation, has the superhero saved a helpless damsel (although I don't see the point of that scene since Ghost Rider wouldn't waste time on it),  gets into trouble with the law, dealing with a complicated romance, fights a villain in an elaborate setting, and it ends with the protagonist riding across the land with his patented costume; there's no surprises about this movie and nothing to resonate with me.  I will say that the special effects were quite good and mostly used in effective ways, like whenever Johnny Blaze gets near a shadow, whatever his body part touches it changes.  Plus, if there's an actor among the cast I can welcome with open arms and no real criticism, it's Sam Elliott; he's playing the same character from \\"The Big Lewbowski\\", but his relaxed demeanor was refreshing in an otherwise-dopey superhero film.<br /><br />For a movie about demons walking the earth and a flaming skeleton riding a Harley, this movie is campy.  The ridiculousness of its characters pushed me away from this film; I expected much from Nicholas Cage as Johnny Blaze since he's always been a little nutsy, but then there's the villains.  Mephistopheles (Henry Fonda) is so blatantly evil that he' laughable; granted, he IS evil given he's The Devil, but there's nothing subtle about him, which makes Blaze's pact with him worthy of a slap to the face.  However, he's nothing compared to the real antagonist, Blackheart (Wes Bentley), who...has a way...with speaking certain...lines in......dramatic pauses, he's so cartoony about his behavior that I can't possibly seem him as a threat.  It's problematic enough just about everyone in this movie has an itching for cheesy one-liners, which makes me wonder if that's all Mark Steven Johnson is really capable of as a writer?  Maybe the director really likes comic books and wants to make movies off of them, but the thing is he's not very good at it.is he's not very good at it.
B003JSSPSY|5.0|Absolutely love the rich, creative storylines that build upon each other from week to week.   These are fully developed, three-dimensional, likable characters woven into a story that is a feast for the imagination.  This second season has its share of the unexpected that will keep you wondering what is going to happen next.  Intelligent, believable and compelling, this is one of my favorite TV shows ever.
B002VLKRWM|5.0|It's unfortunate that Swedish journalist Steig Larsson died after writing only three books in what is now known as The Millenium Trilogy - so-called after the Swedish investigative magazine that is the thread tying the stories together.  This first book of the three is one of the best mysteries I have ever read - and that is considerable.<br /><br />Mikael Blomkvist has been disgraced as a financial journalist after being convicted of libel against one of Sweden's major industrial icons - without even putting up his own defense.  However, another industrialist, a recluse on an island, sweeps Blomkvist from the public eye by hiring him to investigate the disappearance of his niece Harriet - a 40 year old crime that has haunted the old man.  He is convinced one of his highly dysfunctional Vanger family members murdered her and he is willing to pay Mikael a fortune to find out which one.<br /><br />In the course of his investigation, Mikael meets young Lisbeth Salander, a secretive researcher and skilled computer hacker, and convinces her to help him solve the mystery of Harriet's disappearance.  Lisabeth, with piercings and tattoos to hide the scars of her past, is a ward of the state and deals with her new guardian in a most painful way when he tries to victimize her. She and Blomkvist make an unlikely team but manage to sift through 40 years of Vanger family history entwined in biblical references and Nazi sympathy to solve the puzzle.  In the process little Lisbeth, barely 90 pounds, saves Mikael from being brutally murdered.<br /><br />Larsson's mystery is a variation of Agatha Christie's locked room puzzles since the island at the time of Harriet's disappearance was completely isolated by a truck accident that closed the only bridge linking it to civilization, trapping the Vanger family on the island for more than 24 hours.<br /><br />Larsson's characters are distinctly and uniquely drawn, especially Lisbeth who is unlike anyone else in a large library of fiction.  The dragon tattoo on her shoulder symbolizes her refusal to be a victim and inspires her to act agressively to protect her vision of who and what she is.<br /><br />This book is a page turner that no movie - Swedish or American - can capture as intently.  It's also one for any mystery-lover's library.  Can't wait to read the sequel.lder symbolizes her refusal to be a victim and inspires her to act agressively to protect her vision of who and what she is.    This book is a page turner that no movie - Swedish or American - can capture as intently.  It's also one for any mystery-lover's library.  Can't wait to read the sequel.
B002ZG99CC|4.0|\\"The Karate Kid\\" (2010)  ----------------------------------  This is a pretty good remake of the 1984 sports classic, \\"The Karate Kid,\\" featuring action hero Jackie Chan playing the part of martial arts instructor Mr. Han, and Will Smith's son, Jaden, in the Ralph Macchio hero role. There are some interesting aspects to this modernized version, not the least is a glimpse at life in modern-day China, a world where shiny new skyscrapers, traffic jams and high-tech gadgets coexist with run-down slums and a tenacious Confucian social culture.    The film has some liabilities -- the Mr. Han character is so dour and understated that little of Jackie Chan's puckish humor comes through; also, Jaden Smith's eternal poutiness may get on your nerves after a while. My main problem, having taken a young (six-year old) child to see it in the theater, is that the violence in the movie's first half (when we meet the bullies that Smith must confront) is quite brutal. My kid had never been exposed to that level of graphic violence and it was a bit of a shock. It's my fault for not properly vetting the film, but maybe other overprotectivoid parents can benefit from my experience. This flick is probably best for kids in their 'tweens and above; not sure how appropriate it is for littler children. Still, I enjoyed the film, and the messages about the proper use of martial arts training (for self-defense and as a form of spiritual improvement) come through clearly and are quite welcome. A good Hollywood sports story, tailormade for kicking back with a bucket of popcorn on a lazy afternoon. (Axton)
0307454541|3.0|Stieg Larsson's The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo is a good book. Not great, not fantastic, but good. It's a fairly standard suspense/murder mystery novel. You never really get a chance to care about the characters, because Mr. Larsson goes out of his way to describe how very different they are from you and me. In the end, the book is a little like a Volvo- expertly crafted, kind of boring, and very safe.
B0025KVLSI|5.0|Sounds great, but they could have went further. These remasters are very inconsistent. I feel like they held back. Overall this wasn't worth the wait, but they are still better then the 1987 versions.
B0030Y11XS|4.0|I enjoyed this documentary, and found it to be very informative, entertaining, and educational.  My only complaint was that there were several parts of the movie that provided misleading information such as graphs attributed to the Reagan years that actually showed data past the Clinton years.  The obvious slant of the movie means that the viewer must be willing to think critically about the information without blindly following Mr. Moore's ideas.
B002N5N5LG|5.0|After the first episode, I was hooked. I was actually a little worried that it's intelligent comedic writing wouldn't catch on with enough people fast enough to keep the network form pulling the plug prematurely (ala Freaks And Geeks), so I'm surprised and excited that the show has become as popular as it has. I think throughout the season, it's on gotten funnier with everyone settling into their character and developing an amazing chemistry amongst the cast. I was a fan of Joel from The Soup, but he's really amazed me with his acting. I had never heard of the rest of the gang (except, of course, Chevy Chase, who is amazingly subtle as an affable twit of an old man) but find them all to be amazing actors and truly funny!
044024367X|2.0|Child's character, Reacher, has become a parody of his original self over the course of these books.  At first he was interesting.  In this one, he's just unbelievable and silly.  I don't believe the plot, the bad guy, or that Reacher can take on a whole town and consistently outsmart them, outfight them, and outgun them.  The best heroic characters have flaws, and if Child wants us to get involved with his character, he needs to make him more than two-dimensional.  This is comic-book stuff--and not very good comic book stuff at that.
1582701709|5.0|Sent as a gift.  As far as I know the receiver was happy with it.
B002ZG9846|5.0|I don't know the names of the stars and I didn't take notes about the plot, I just want to state that Kick Ass is a great comic book movie.  The action sequences are incredible, especially the ending where the 11 year old superhero girl takes on dozens of mobsters in their castle-like building.  Her battle is a shocking, bloody, gymnastic, hilarious, awe inspiring whirlwind of movie sensationalism.  She is a true gem.  If this movie does not get your adrenalin flowing and your belly laughing, buddy you must be half dead.    By the way, this movie is rated R for a reason.  Don't take the kids or anyone who would be offended by a little girl acting in a R rated movie.
0841601615|5.0|Wonderful book, great insight, and beautiful pictures.  Explains the great craft and art in custom shoes and why the expense is not about garish luxury but valuable and reasonable investment in a beautiful art, an important aspect of your health, self image, and success not to mention a fair exchange for the craft and expertise involved in this increasingly rare and dying art form.<br /><br />Details shoe etiquette in mating the proper shoe style for the correct event and correct dress.  After reading this book, owning custom shoes is a milestone that I look forward to one day soon reaching with the confidence that it is one of the better and more valuable purchases that a man will make in his lifetime.
B002VPE1B6|1.0|If all you are interested in is special effects and shoot-um-up action, then this is the movie for you.  However, if you want even a hint of a good plot and characters then this movie is VERY lacking.  Avatar has outstanding special effects but absolutely nothing more.  Beyond the special effects are a bunch of stale, over-used predictable plot lines with a bunch of stale, over-used predictable characters.  You had the crusty, cantankerous scientist with a heart of gold, and the unfeeling corporate executive only interested in profits.  The leading male played by Sam Worthington was a poorly rehashed Rambo.  But the worst was the Marine commander who I dub Colonel Cliche.<br /><br />The basic story line of the movie was very good and Avatar actually started out pretty good up to and including the scene where Sam Worthington's character was rescued by Zoe Saldana's character.  After that it was just one moronic, predictable cliche after another.<br /><br />Some of the action was beyond ridiculous.  One of the gun boat pilots didn't like the mission and deserted the battle scene and no disciplinary action happened to her.  You even see her a few scenes later helping in the jail break, which itself was inane.  Two people go into the prison pretending to deliver food, overpower the one and only guard, hit a couple of buttons (not even a password was needed) and the prisoner is gone.  Even 18th century jails had better security.  I could go on and on, but you get my point.<br /><br />If you look beyond the special effects this movie was AWFUL.  Now days it seems that Hollywood too often uses special effects to cover up bad acting, bad directing and bad writing, and Avatar is a prime example of this.o be comedic.    Now days it seems that Hollywood too often uses special effects to cover up bad acting, bad directing and bad writing, and Avatar is a prime example of this.
B003M98792|5.0|I love the Shaw brothers but this movie was just amazing! I had a blast watching it. You really can't fully appreciate Kill bill until you see this movie imho. And the guy that gave one star... you gotta be kidding me right? I damn for sure don't watch kung fu movies with the subtitles the dub is the only way to go it's just always been that way like in the late night kung fu cinema's downtown, yea not JAPANESE CINEMA it's KUNG FU cinema these are cult movies dude. However, films like Amelie or Delicatessen,Pan's Labyrinth or Variety lights the subtitles are necessary, it adds to the film's overall power. The Japanese language is beautiful like in seven samurai or yojimbo or sanjuro because those are epics and are considered JAPANESE CINEMA because they took it extremely serious like Jet li's Hero or fearless those are serious movies they need subtitles. The American stigma with kung fu is flicks is the dub and the action and occasional comic relief when the face doesn't really match the voice that's part of the fun. Almost all Kung fu movies are serious but These are not vast 207 minute in length movies they are action from top to bottom not meant to get Oscar's  or go into the criterion collection though some deserve it, (Come drink with me 36 Chambers of Shaolin) Just enjoy them for what they are. BUY THIS MOVIE
