B000002L9J|5.0|This album is near perfection - hence the 5 stars.  The best band of the 1980's with their best album. &quot;  Frankly, Mr. Shankly made me laugh, &quot;I Know It's Over&quot; made me cry, and &quot;Cemetary Gates&quot; reminded me of what it was to be 18, lonely and into something unhip, like poetry.  Morrissey really is an endearing figure - a sharp wit, yet vulnerable - I think his partnership with Marr reached it's pinnacle here - Just an essential album really. Enjoy!
B0000YB7Z8|5.0|there are not enough stars for me to give. this is the ultimate tull concert. the performance of locomotive breath is worth the purchase alone. words can't describe the value of this album. it is something that everyone (tull fan or not) should own and have in their music library.
B000092ZYX|4.0|I feel like this album is more like a collection of songs than a proper album in the way Ok Computer and Kid A were - I think Radiohead are continuing to evolve and this album is more of a holding period than a new trail being blazed - nonetheless, it is a Radiohead album, and that means the expectations are huge. I can't imagine the pressure to produce consistenly great albums that the boys in Radiohead must feel - hopefully they don't let their succsess, especialy critical success, effect their directions musically - That being said, this album features some great great songs - There There, Stand Up Sit Down, 2+2=5, Backdrift, Wolf at the Door - all great songs - the type of songs that most bands would simply die to be able to write - so while it's easy to be critical towards this band, lets keep in perspective how damn talented and brilliant they are.  Ultimately, it is not Radiohead's greatest work - it is another piece in the bands evolution and a beautiful and haunting collection of songs.  I know this album does its job though because it leaves me wondering where the band's sound will venture next - let's wait and see! Enjoy!
B000003TA4|1.0|I bought this CD in hope it was good. It turns it,s crap!!! This is one of the worst CDs ever. And why Cobain kill himself? Because hes a loser!!!
B0000AQVCL|1.0|they would get two stars, but instead they get one for ripping off iggy pop - - - I don't understand how the musical public can give this band a hit song which is blatenlty stolen from Iggy's \\"Lust for Life\\" - they took the music from this classic song and put pussy lyrics over it - this group is shockingly unoriginal and uninteresting and the lead singer has a foolish looking mullet, so...peace out babybitches - don't buy this. If you want some seriously kick ass rock that is inspired by classic rock from the past, check out The Deadly Snakes, a great band which doesn't just rip off its influences, but makes original, good music instead.
B0000DD7LB|5.0|Britney Spears's fourth release In The Zone is definitely her best by far.  The best tracks are &quot;Toxic,&quot; &quot;Shadow&quot; and &quot;Everytime.&quot;  Even if you don't like Britney as a person then just read what people have wrote about how they used to dislike Brit but now they respect her.  This album should definitely win Grammys in the following categories: Album of the Year, Best Female Vocal Performance and Song of the Year (&quot;Toxic&quot;).
B000002LBH|5.0|If you don't own this album you really ought to get with it - a majority of the songs on this singles collection are absolutely essential, and most all of the songs are entertaining, endearing, intelligent, and brilliant. The Smiths really were a great band - I wish I could have enjoyed them live back in the  80's but unfortunately I was just a young unaware boy then - I must mention, I love their album covers - I've been collecting the vinyl singles, to listen to of course, but also because of the beautiful potraits that Morrissey choose to put on the sleaves. Enjoy this great collection!
B0000AXE8I|4.0|The Machines are drilling their way to Zion, last bastion of the human race, and the humans are preparing their final defense.  Not everyone accepts Morpheus' (Lawrence Fishburne) belief that Neo (Keanu Reeves) is the key to their salvation, so the crew of the Nebuchanezzar (spelling?) are on their own (in the beginning, anyway) as they reinsert themselves into the Matrix in search of Neo's final destiny.      Pay no attention to the nay-sayers.  This film is lots of fun.  I enjoyed the pseudo-philosophical speechifying on the nature of reality between spectacular CGI-loaded [scenes].  The Wachowski brothers have taken a lot of trouble to flesh out the world of the Matrix and polish it with a veneer of intellectual significance.  You can think about it exactly as much as you want to; I'm sure the Wachowskis had something coherent in mind when they were writing all those speeches, and repeated viewing may bring clarity.  Or you can just sit back and enjoy the ground-breaking special effects sequences with the sound turned way up./
B000005JAB|5.0|How many rockers could write beautifully symphonic pieces of music and credit Brahms, Graham Greene, or John Milton as influences? Very few - probably just one - the singularly unique and exquistely talented John Cale. This is my favorite Cale album, with Vintage Violence and Fragments of a Rainy Season close behind - this is first and foremost a pop album, though the classical influence is obvious. But those of you who are not into classical, do not fear - this is extremely accessible pop music from a classically trained avant-grade rock musician. The songs are very catchy and endearing.  The Dylan Thomas influenced &quot;Childs Christmas in Wales&quot; is my favorite track simply for the phrase &quot;seducing down the door&quot; - lovely language...lovely album - well worth the $. Enjoy!
B0001AP158|1.0|If you are looking for a greatest hits CD so you can rock out to the songs that you loved as a teen, then this is NOT the CD for you. Somehow I missed that they had rerecorded all the songs. I don't think you should try to recreate a classic--especially if you are band that made it a classic in the first place. I really wish I could send this CD back or sell it in marketplace, clearly others feel the same way. There are a whole bunch for sale for under $2. If you are really curious buy one of those. I'm just bumming. I was ready for the music to &quot;take me back&quot; it certainly doesn't do that for me. I should have read more reviews!
B0000Z80HU|5.0|this is beck at his finest hour. many people have been hesitant to call it a classic but i feel no shame. this is about as sad as it gets. but not in an angst sort of way, but in a &quot;i miss you&quot; sort of way. getting dumped ranks up in feeling like crap modes up there with running over an old lady nun in front of your grandmother. that was to stress how crappy it feels. now if this happens to you, and God forbid it ever does, the best thing to do besides massive alcohol and/or drug consumption is Beck's &quot;Sea Change&quot; because the drugs and alcohol are just about equal to the slow melting country guitar strum to Beck's given up desperate voice. this is the ultimate in late night, head phone, eyes watering, memories racing, half drunken closing your eyes in bed records.<BR>it opens up with a guitar that breaks the listeners heart with the song the golden age. &quot;put your hands on the wheel let the golden age begin&quot; suggesting an ironic title to a sad ending chapter of a new life without your loved one. 'paper tiger' and 'lonesome tears' play with horns that roll across your head via your head phones like waves of sound. 'guess i'm doing fine' is a trying to move on song and lost cause is great too. 'end of the day' is a great song too touching country lines jsut as 'the golden age' did. its all in your mind is awesome. already dead is great and has its great trippy keyboard moments. sunday sun is a blast of sunshine that is unwanted in my opinion because at this point your depressed about your own problems and if your not you feel bad for beck. 'little one' is a short epic that is more of a look back on all the crap you've been through. the last track, side of the road, is a song suggesting giving up and trying to move on. but by the looks at this album and your own feelings after listening to it, you'd rather enjoy the music than move on because listening to beck is hell of a lot better than your buddy's break up advice of video games and porn.
B000003TA4|5.0|alright look.  say what you want but nirvana's album shaped the 90's.  look at the bands today, i.e. puddle of mudd, nickelback, pearl jam, 3 doors down, even creed all have to pay tribute to nirvana.  nirvana, the 90s, the two are one.  if you love music, this cd is a must have.  honestly.
B000002I25|5.0|this is the debut album of one of the most dysfunctional bands ever. they blossomed notoriousely on the LA sunset strip scene by getting banned from the whiskey a-go-go and playing at places such as the london fog. they originated from venice beach. ray and jim were friends at UCLA film school and ray and the guitarist came from somewhere I forgot. <BR>this album rules it starts out with break on through, most known for its COMERICAL USE ON THAT DISNEY MOVIE MONSTERS INC. haha i like that movie. REVIEW COMING SOON I PROMISE. the best song has to be the crystal ship. many people believe this is bout crystal meth, not sure i dont tihnk it was popular then especially in so cal. its more of a mid-western drug. all the songs are pretty cool. the lyrics are more poetic than regular bands at the time like the stones and the beatles. what sets apart the doors is its   drug induced noise that is pure in its sound unlike the beatles at the time who have to adapt to it. the beatles studied the trippy drug phase and made it their own. the doors as a group were already in it, but in the So Cal sense of drugs such as smokin weed on the beach. but with all that also came the commerical doors that put them with elektra records. light my fire became a hit bumping the jazz influenced 8 minute solo into a 3 minute radio-friendly single.<BR>The record ends with the 13 minute epic &quot;The End&quot;. Morrison's lyrics display visions of desert indians and snakes. His obsession with death made him dangerous at times to those around him. but it in his lyrics came peyeote induced visions of mythology and as the song rambles longer and longer Morrison just begins to talk as oppossed to singing, he tells a disturbing tale from mythology about a son killing his father and having 'his way' with his mother. this is what got them kicked out of the legendary whiskey a go go and this is what made them stars.<BR>the album was gothic los angeles in the classic romantic with death sense of the world. the lizard king at his finest hour by far. the album was the doors putting the sunset blvd scene on a national map. a time for the band inbetween hate and love of Jim.
B000002L99|3.0|&quot;5150&quot; is Van Halen's first album with lead singer Sammy Hagar.  I subscribe to the notion that sometimes the best thing for a mature band is to bring in an outsider to join the band.   It gives the band fresh ideas and a new perspective.    I look at the case of the Rolling Stones bringing Ron Wood in.  Ron Wood did much more than play Bass, he became a significant contributer to the band.   To me Sammy Hagar, like him or not injected some new life into the Van Halen band and became a significant contributer much like Wood did for the Stones   Hagar doesn't just sing, he'll contribute to the songwriting and production of the effort of Van Halen.   The result is a solid effort on the album &quot;5150&quot; that still does a lot of what Van Halen does best - Hard edged Rock.<br />I do feel Sammy Hagar is the better vocalist than David Lee Roth.   This is not to take anything away from Roth who did an incredible job for Van Halen.  To me it was clear that Roth had run his course with the group and was looking to be a pop/movie star.    While Roth was more of a &quot;showman&quot; like performer, Hagar represented being a more serious musician.  Hagar was a &quot;B&quot; level rock star and much more a student of the music industry would showed a lot of signs of promise.  Coming into Van Halen not only helped Hagar, but it helped Van Halen.   Yes, Van Halen would lose the all-round &quot;performer/showman&quot; in Roth, but they would gain a solid lead singer in Hagar who could be a&quot;showman&quot; when needed.   You'll hear Hagar do this right away on the opening track &quot;Good Enough&quot; when he shouts out &quot;Hellllooo Baby!&quot;, does some nice shouting at the start of &quot;Get Up&quot; and &quot;Summer Nights&quot;.<br />Hagar and the entire band really show that their trademark humor is still there on the final track, &quot;Inside&quot;. They make fun of themselves by saying &quot;What kind of Crap is this?&quot;.   In this song, it really tells us about Sammy joining the band Van Halen.  Particularly when he sings &quot;It's Not What You Are; It's How You Dress; That's One Thing I've Learned From These Guys; I Must Confess....Something Special, Something New; Some Brand New Group to Sink My Teeth into&quot;.   I think Sammy also gives us his feelings that he is the serious musician when he says &quot;This Ain't No Party, This Ain't Know Show&quot; (a clear shot at the Roth era antics).  <br />Van Halen is still a lot (and will always be) about Eddie Van Halen.  On this collection, Eddie's going to what Eddie does best - play great music.   Eddie will still be Eddie and have some sort of ego - this is reflective that in addition to Hagar's voice, Eddie's guitar rifts and keyboards are going to dominate many of the songs.   I think the keyboard stuff is very strong on this album - particularly on the songs &quot;Dreams&quot; and &quot;Love Walks In&quot;.  These songs are the two best on the collection and are highlighted by great keyboards.  In addition, Hagar brings the element of why he is the better vocalist than Roth - his range is just better.  I don't think Dave could have pulled off these songs like Hagar did on those tracks.  Yes, in addition to great keyboards, the guitars will still be present on those tracks.   Many of the other selections are more heavy with the guitars and those tracks will keep the guitar fans happy.  Eddie does a great job on the guitars, but if there were more songs along the lines of &quot;Dreams&quot; and &quot;Love Walks In&quot; this album could have even been better.<br />The dominance between Eddie Van Halen and Sammy Hagar sometimes comes head to head on this collection.  Van Halen with Hagar works best when Eddie and Sammy are at a good equilibrium.  Specifically, I think it is a problem on the songs &quot;Get Up&quot; and &quot;Summer Nights&quot;. I think Eddie's guitar is too dominant and it hurts Hagar's vocals on these tracks.   It's not that Eddie drowns out Sammy, but I think the guitar comes on a little too strong during some of the vocals.  On tracks such as &quot;Why Can't This Be Love?&quot; and &quot;5150&quot;, the balance between Sammy and Eddie is perfect - it is a shame they couldn't pull this off on some of the other tracks..    I also feel that Alex Van Halen is a fine drummer while Michael Anthony is a great bassist, but their efforts seem to be in the background on most of the tracks of this collection and its a shame - they have a lot to contribute.  It is worth noting Alex's drumming shines very nicely on the title track, &quot;5150&quot;<br />The liner notes do contain the production credits and all of the lyrics.  A final note - all of the songs have great instrumentation, but the lyrics are weak on many of the tracks.  I would rate this a 3 1/2 Stars - not quite a 4 Star Effort.    You will find that this CD will grow on you the more you listen to it and you will appreciate the efforts more and more each time you listen to it.
B000067IZ3|5.0|this movie ruled. the shaky camera and grittyness is awesome. but instead of some review on how it is an academy award brilliant film of substance abuse,etc i will tell you how cool it is, even if those cool parts glorify drug dealers. <BR>i like the part where that girl is at the party and the kid topher grace from that 70s show is talking all philosophically cause hes so stoned. and the kid on the other couch is like 'im so high' and he passes out and they drop him off at the ER and the cop comes and he yells the F word. ya i cant say it cause of amazon.com policies. its also funny when he has to get that girl messed up in a seedy hotel downtown to get with her. and theyre like doing trashy drugs too, whats up with that? since when do private school seniors do heroin through their foot? man i thought it was all about coors light and weed. guess not. <BR>the movie starts out cool too when benicio del toro is in the mexican desert with his highway patrol giant sunglasses waiting for this plane to go over them thats traffiking cocaine. hes such a mexican badass. and his buddy cop next to him is playing game boy. thats the first noise you here in this 3 hour plus long drug war epic: mario jumping over a green tube. i love it.<BR>another great part is when don cheadle and that funny peurto rican guy luiz something shoot that drug dealer in a san diego chuck e. cheese place. and the clown gets scared and goes back into the kitchen.<BR>o ya when michael douglas takes topher grace out of spanish class and the teachers like where are you going and hes like im taking seth on a field trip and he takes him to the ghetto to find his prostitute heroin junkie 17 year old daughter. <BR>traffic is a great movie cause it has moments like this. stephen s. the director is a badass who makes movies like the limey and this and the writer is good too. hes like 21 and he got the oscar for best adapted screenplay. this movie rules for stoners, concerned parents and politicians alike.
B000068QVN|4.0|Reality check: These three weren't exactly the best band on earth, if you regarded them strictly on musical terms. But all the populist caterwauling on earth that tries, even now, to sell the line about Grand Funk Railroad pissing off the critics because the critics didn't discover them first while The People Did? (Which is only partly true, if you recall the 1969 Atlanta Pop Festival which sent them forth in the first place.) It's two parts fantasy and 98 parts what the gardeners spread around the lawn every year.     (What really pissed off the critics was their original manager-producer all but telling them where to shove it, while taping the three Railroaders' mouths shut for the most part during that 1969-71 run, before they'd even had anything resembling a credible record out. And it didn't help when he called a press conference for the Shea Stadium concert, saying he'd open the band up to all kinds of questioning, and bitched in an extensive magazine interview about only five of the invited press bothering to show up---when it came out that he had invited ONLY those five!)     Everybody with me? Good. All things considered, these guys had the market cornered on chutzpah. They were also a band that wasn't half as terrible as the critics had it. (Though who's kidding whom, Grand Funk as a trio produced a round of albums mostly memorable for muddy recording and a few decent cuts sneaking through the sludge.) They were a kind of Everykid's rock fantasy: cranking the amps to twenty, thwacking away no matter how much actual chops you had, unable to decide whether you wanted your new band to be Cream as the MC5, or the MC5 as Cream, when you all grew up. And the place it worked best was in concert, which anyone who still has their copy of 1970's \\"Live Album\\" (now thankfully back in print, on CD) could tell you.    They were probably getting sick and tired of playing \\"Are You Ready?\\" by the time of the show that yielded this version, but it would have been hailed asThe Word if Rob Tyner and company had dreamed it up around about the \\"Kick Out The Jams\\" period. If Mark Farner's guitar break isn't an echo of the Five's squeak-staccato solos in \\"Ramblin' Rose,\\" I'm not sure what might be one. And it isn't as much of a stretch as you might think to imagine Grand Funk's piledriving-squall version of \\"Gimme Shelter\\" (which sounded even more squalling in the studio, on \\"Survival,\\" than it did cranked out at the legendary Shea Stadium concert) in the hot little hands of Wayne Kramer and Sonic Smith. (Compare Grand Funk mashing the Rolling Stones like this with what the Sex Pistols did to the Monkees' \\"(I'm Not Your) Steppin' Stone,\\" for a guilty-pleasure comparison, if you dare.)    They'd never have suggested it themselves (they weren't quite the naifs they were once portrayed to be, but they weren't that hip, either), but the finale of \\"Into the Sun\\" as delivered on \\"Live Album\\" damn near beat the Velvet Underground's distorto-scratch-rock side at its own game. Presented here, in a version nailed at Cobo Hall in Detroit, it does about the same thing without the audience noise drowning into the band's squall of sound. And if Farner's solo turn on this version of \\"Inside Looking Out\\" doesn't remind you of every guitar-crank wet dream the kids up the block were having and trying (and maybe getting the police called in to quash) in those years, then you were probably out of town at the time.    I'm still not sure whether to rank this ahead of \\"Live Album,\\" because the latter's accidental atmospherics put an oddly effective patina on the whole thing. But in a lot of places the performances here are a little more energetic. And I'd rather have one early (and rather cagey) take of \\"Footstompin' Music\\" than \\"Mark Say's Alright.\\" (By the way, that's actually one whale of an organ solo Farner pounded out for \\"Footstompin' Music\\"---imagine Felix Cavaliere if he'd been a member of the Seeds---when he wasn't grinding out guitar breaks we might have called grunge precursors in the 1990s.) And once you get used to it, making a medley out of \\"I'm Your Captain,\\" \\"Hooked on Love,\\" and \\"Get It Together\\" isn't exactly going to curdle your intestines, even if it should have been done in reverse.    But it's worth the price, and the price isn't exactly a bank-breaker. Call them slightly-inspired amateurs if you must, but Grand Funk Railroad in live performance was plain fun, essentially harmless, and (make a note of this, folks) they seemed genuinely to like their audiences. Which is a hell of a lot more than you can say for all the acts before and since who have the Serious ears, the Serious hosannas, and treat their audiences as though those crowds had burglarised their houses.     Subtract a star if you think launching a concert with a recording of \\"Also Sprach Zarathustra\\" was just a little bit too tacky. (Or, if you want someone to blame for giving Elvis the same pretentious idea.) Add a star if you're the knucklehead who swiped Farner's volume pedal at Shea Stadium.
B00009V7T2|4.0|When, and only when you are prepared to listen to an album in its entirety should you spin &quot;De-loused in the Comatorium.&quot;  Anything less than a complete listen is an injustice to the Mars Volta.<br />While listeners may be excited to see tracks ranging over the seven minute mark, and even beyond 12 minutes, portions do drag nearly 5 minutes to fill out those times.<br />If you can wait for the power chords the album is an interesting experiment that could challenge Radiohead soundscapes in a different genre.
B0002234LS|4.0|I don't agree with the reviewers who called this movie boring. It kept my attention the whole way through, which is saying a lot because most movies don't hold my attention. If you are more interested in action and not too interested in an unfolding plot you probably won't care for this. But if you like a good story this should interest you.<br />I almost didn't go to this movie when it came out because of the many negative reviews, but I'm glad that I did see it. It's one of those movies like The Others, The Sixth Sense, A Beautiful Mind or An Occurence At Owl Creek Bridge, where what you think is happening is not what is really happening (however it is not nearly as good as those movies). Throughout the film you are given clues as to what is really going on. Some people may figure out the plot early on, others won't. I didn't figure out the ending until it actually happened and then the movie made sense. For example, throughout the movie I wondered why Mort (Depp) was shown sleeping so much, why he didn't leave the cabin and move back to the city, why Shooter (Turturro) the stranger waved at Mort's neighbor, why the Police Chief seemed so uninterested in Mort's case, and so on.  <br />I am giving the movie 4 stars because while I thought the twist at the end was great I really didn't care for anything that came afterwards. All in all, this movie is very good, but definitely not great, which it had the potential to be.
B0001ZMWQO|5.0|Do not be fooled by any one reviewer, song, of music video associated with Franz Ferdinand.  The 11 tracks on this cd bounce with uniqueness.<br />Be wary of already-remixed versions of &quot;Take Me Out,&quot; which some radio stations have begun to play without ever airing the original version. So the radio isn't playing good stuff?  Who cares, your record store will have Franz Ferdinand.
0060506989|5.0|Simply put, it was one of the most amazing, most moving books I have ever read in my entire life. It helps that the two writers were actually there at the battle and so provide a first hand account of the battle. The movie, with Mel Gibson, is also recommended. I watched the movie and then read the book. I didnt regret the decision to read it one bit. I just cant say how moving it was...
B000002H38|5.0|In the middle of a synthesizer-filled, glammed-up, yuppie-crazed decade, Anita Baker released of the era's most brilliant, compelling and popular albums, RAPTURE. With their mutual musical charm and simplicity, both the singer and her songs became one, making for an album that has dated MUCH better than most of its contemporary releases.<br />One of the many determining factors that separates a good album from a great one is the amount of &quot;filler&quot;- tracks that are decent, but nothing truly special. RAPTURE may be brief by today's CD standards, but this brevity allows it to be astonishingly consistent- there is NO filler here. The fact that virtually EVERY track on the album received airplay on either pop, R&amp;B or jazz stations is a testament to that.      <br />As a whole, the songs have a cohesiveness that plays well- no song sounds foreign from the others, yet each possess an individual identity. ALL of them are highlights, perhaps the cream of the crop being the title track, an immensely joyful excerise in smooth R&amp;B music.<br />Baker herself is in peak form- the interpretations are done with a flair that only she could provide.<br />Fully recommended- an album that should be in every music lovers collection...
B0000027I6|5.0|when a man is tired , you can touch the feeling in a way:::listen to his voice
B0001IN07Q|5.0|Impeccable sounds with wonderful showmanship. Our whole family enjoyed this dvd and I'm sure we'll watch it again and again. We're so looking forward to seeing Buble live again.<BR>Astounding.
B00025ETIW|5.0|Ok, I am a fan of all music, I am far from being a close minded person when it comes to music. All kinds of rock, some classical, even some rap fits in to what I like. But what I like most of all, is this cd.<br />Every single song on this cd is probably some of the best songs these ears have ever heard. No exaggeration. All of the songs get up , kick you in the face, make you bleed...and have you begging for some more. With an awesome stage performance, this band can not go wrong. They are such nice talented guys and love their fans. This band is going places high, especially with a cd like this. New Jersey Represent, Newark REP...watch out WORLD...MCR is coming ...We are on the dawn of a My chemical Romance take over
B000002GF8|5.0|Between 1978 and 1981,Gordon &quot;Sting&quot; Sumner,Andy Summers and Stewart Copeland,aka The Police put out an album,one per year. SYNCHRONICITY,the band's 5th and final of all-original material,spawned four Top 20 hits. Oddly,there is SYNCHRONICITY I and SYNCHRONICITY II,the latter being a hit. EVERY BREATH YOU TAKE was one of 1983's biggest hits and would become part of the band's 1986 compilation,simply entitled EVERY BREATH YOU TAKE-THE SINGLES. Other hits from the album also appearing on the compilation are KING OF PAIN and WRAPPED AROUND YOUR FINGER. The LP doesn't have the 11th track,MURDER BY NUMBERS. The cassette has that song though. &quot;Weird Al&quot; Yankovic would later use the KOP music for his recording of KING OF SUEDE(lyrics were written by Yankovic). After this album and until the recording of DON'T STAND SO CLOSE TO ME '86 on the compilation,the Police would disband and Sting would record his solo debut,THE DREAM OF THE BLUE TURTLES.
B0000CABBW|5.0|Whale Rider is a relatively simple plot that provides extensive depth. The main character is a young girl, a member of a tribe between tradition and change. The story revolves around her relationship with her grandfather. The grandfather is a chief who wanted a grandson to carry on. He is losing his sense of identity as his traditions slip away. He manifests his fear and loss by ostracizing his granddaughter because of traditional gender roles. Pai, the granddaughter, is in turn seeking her own identity within the same paradigms that her grandfather is losing his. She persistently seeks her grandfather's guidance and love but is turned away. Her ordeal is painful, her patience inspiring, and her strength unequalled. In the end the roles of teacher and student are reversed with great emotion, triumph and discovery. <br />   The story is slow at times but character development and the overall plot more than compensate. The plot is easy to follow but it does require dedicated viewing to be appreciated. This is not a movie to watch concurrently with other activities.  The performances, soundtrack, and settings are all enjoyable.  Keisha Castle-Hughes delivers a stellar performance in the role of Pai. This alone is enough to make the movie worth seeing.<br />Bottom line: A powerful movie for those seeking inspiration, thought, and the dynamics of humanity in an otherwise simple story.
B0001NBMBC|4.0|Ok, here's the deal. This CD is a very good CD. I don't care if you're a Slipknot fan or not, but if you like good metal records then spend your bucks on this one. The band finally shows a improvement from their first album. It's good to hear some melodies at last. After going for the &quot;sure thing&quot; with the complete agression that was &quot;Iowa&quot; and the great debut CD, they're finally trying to bring something different. And that is &quot;Vol.3&quot;. Ok, so some acoustic stuff don't quite fit in the whole spectrum of the album but you know what? At least they're are trying. Unlike some other death metal bands that sound just like everyone else! I'm over 30 and I heard them all! Slipknot bring us great riffs and a well recorded CD. What more do you want from metal? Well, listen for yourself (downloaded it first..is safer!) and take your own conclusions.
B0001UL7RY|5.0|this is a fantastic album for me.almost all the songs in this album great and it ROCKS:).specially the song don't tell me.i give this album 10/10.Avril's voice is superb.this is an album you should own.as you know AVRIL ROCKS
B0001NBMBC|5.0|When Slipknot first started out, I would have to say I detested them.  But back then I was into really crappy music (Limp Bizkit, Puddle Of Mudd, Staind, etc.).  When I was in college, my friend sat me down and made me listen to their first C.D.  I was blown away with the entire album and I went out and got it the very same day.  The following week I went and got Iowa, I will truly say I enjoyed Iowa far more than their self-titled. From that moment on I listened to more hardcore music (Slayer, Fear Factory, Otep, Meshuggah, Bile, etc.)  But, when I heard Stone Sour, I was appalled.  How could Corey Taylor bring himself to do a mainstream rock C.D.? I saying &quot;We all know you can sing Corey, why go mainstream? I was pissed for awhile, but then I heard that they were coming back together for a third installment of Slipknot.  The day came around and I immediately went out and bought it...and was not disappointed.  I will have to say that this is my favorite Slipknot C.D., bringing a more talented group of heavy metal artists together and forming perfection.  Heck, I even like some of their slow songs on the album, which I never thought they could pull off.  Slipknot is back and better than ever.  It's like their kicking you in the balls while screaming WE'RE BACK MAGGOTS!!!
B000002P5W|5.0|Hendrix reentered the studio mere months after recording Are You Experienced? and began work on Axis:  Bold As Love.  For many artists, recording a successful follow-up album to a hit is a difficult, indeed in some cases impossible, endeavor which often takes years of laboring over new material, but such was not the case for the Jimi Hendrix Experience.  Hendrix's writing is much tighter and his music much more accessible.  Some of his more extravagent and indulgent impulses (like Third Stone From the Sun) appear to have been tamed, and Hendrix seems to be trying to appeal to a more pop oriented audience.  Indeed, you will only find two songs on the album which exceed the three minute radio barrier of the day.  Chas Chandler's influence as creative consultant, manager, and producer is quite pronounced in this regard, and subsequently, Axis:  Bold As Love is less raw than Are You Experienced, MUCH more accessible than Electric Ladyland, and not even in the same ballpark with Band of Gypsys.<br />Yeah, it's not the most memorable material Hendrix ever produced, but it's still extremely good.  It's a terrible way to familiarize yourself with Hendrix's body of work if you're a Hendrix novice, but for the music lover and Hendrix fan, Axis: Bold As Love is an essential album, a must own, without a doubt.
B0001NBMBC|4.0|This is quite a different Slipknot from what I knew. I play guitar and can deffinately say that the musicianship is very improved. I've read in a magazine about Mick saying things that offended me and that he felt his &quot;twenty years&quot; of playing made him better than other people. At first, I laughed. I thought Slipknot's past albums were terrible with some alright songs (Wait and Bleed for example). I wasn't expecting Mick to live up to his years of training. I'm more of a death metal type of guy. I listen to a lot of Opeth, Cryptopsy, and Cephalic Carnage. Slipknot is actually making it pretty close to that style I like. The new riffs are much more catchy and technical than ever before. I love the soft songs. The singing is beyond excellent. The only things I don't care for are the &quot;screams&quot; which sound like (someone said this elsewhere too) crap. Having musical experience, I know that he simply used distortion on the vocals instead of actually screaming like a real death metal singer. I would prefer that Corey chose to sing more often and scream maybe for 3 seconds each song because he's awful. Other than that, I still don't see the point for so many people in a band. The extra drummers serve no purpose and I still don't know what the guy with the sampling guy does. The DJ at least has *some* role in songs.<br />Highlights (Good and Bad):<BR>Duality - Awesome guitars and drums. This is one of my favorite songs. I don't really like the chorus; it reminds me of old Slipknot.<br />The Nameless - Great song overall. I love the breakdown. Very nicely constructed. I would prefer that the vocals were better.<br />Three Nil - Ick. What a crappy and annoying song in general. Just... don't listen to it... ever. It's wannabe death metal (some riffs do cut it though).<br />Pulse Of The Maggots - Holy crap, a solo from Slipknot. That's the only good thing though. This song is just Corey &quot;screaming&quot; about something stupid like old Slipknot.<br />To sum things up, Slipknot's new cd seems quite different from the old style they had. Many things have been stepped up and I would suggest that any people who dislike the old Slipknot to reconsider this cd. Unfortunately, this cd is only half changed. Half is new Slipknot which I prefer and half is old Slipknot. They really need to stop Corey from his crappy synthetic distorted vocals.
B000002OZY|5.0|When people talk about The Who's Tommy, they generally seem to focus on the form rather than the content of the album.  Listeners will comment on the originality of Townshend's application of opera sensibilities to a rock and roll album, and so on and so forth.  Yes, it's true, what made The Who's Tommy a major hit rather than a pop-culture after-thought was its structure and distinction as the first &quot;Rock Opera,&quot; but I believe that the most artistically redeeming quality of the album is its message.<br />During a time when psychedelic experimentation was the order of the day, The Who had the intestinal fortitude to release an album preaching transcendence through spiritual exploration.  Tommy is a wholesale rejection of the entire psychedelic culture dominating the late 60's and a plea for spiritual enlightenment.  More than just great music, Tommy is an album with purpose and a positive message.
B000002LCX|4.0|There is so much Smiths material and I never claimed to be &quot;their biggest fan&quot;, still I am always discovering new things to like about them.  I had never sat down and listened to all of Strageways before. Until then, The Queen is Dead was my favorite Smiths' CD.  But upon hearing everything, I have to say I like this CD the best.  The song Paint a Vulgar Picture became on the top of my Smiths' fav list.  Morrissey so often writes short catchy tunes that are over in the wink of an eye..we love them but we can barely breathe and it's over.  With 'Vulgar Picture', we have a beautiful 5 + minute track that exposes all of Morrissey's wit, sarcasm and charm in great depth about the music industry over a cool beat and great guitars. And a damn interesting story too.  Just listen to the lyrics. A Rush and A Push and Girlfriend in A Coma are also masterful catchy tunes (both different in their own way) in the Smiths tradition.  Everything else is also quite good..nothing bad here.  For Ten bucks or so, this is very well worth the purchase.  Take 35 minutes and give this one a chance.  Some of the very best Smiths/Morrissey material I have experienced. As if any of it was ever bad in the first place.
B00005RRG9|5.0|I am a fan of Disney movies, and this is on my list of favorites.  Nothing can beat this original!<br />Hayley Mills plays two different roles in the movie...as a set of twins separated at birth.  It's similar to a Prince and the Pauper type story, but neither child is necessarily poor or living a bad life.  One sister lives in California with her dad and the other lives in Boston with her mom.  They find out that they are related only because they HATE each other at camp and get banished to share a room for the rest of camp.  Then they make it their mission to get the parents back together and find out why they were separated in the first place!  It's comical and touching.  Probably very far fetched, which makes it all the more fun to watch.
0064409422|5.0|How can you not adore this?  You know how food can be labeled \\"comfort food\\" - well this is the type of story that's a \\"comfort story\\".  I felt so protected, secure and safe while reading this.  It takes me back to a time in my life when I reguarly daydream adventures like those in Narnia.  I think it reminds us of imagination, and freedom, and child-like wonder.  Such a beautiful, wonderful story.  Allow it to take you away and suspend your disbelief - you won't be sorry.
0060512806|4.0|I really having nothing more to add to the more intelligent review here, except to say: Quit classifying this book as cyberpunk!! It is a historical treasure hunt, and it's nothing like Snow Crash or The Diamond Age. Many people have complained about the ending of Cryptonomicon. I didn't think it was that bad. The past and present storylines converged and the adventure was completed, albeit with some loose ends. You want a bad ending, read The Diamond Age...a brilliant work, hamstrung by the last chapter.<br />Now, while I really liked Cryptonomicon it is by no means perfect. It doesn't appeal to a mass audience (is this bad?) and only geeks, engineers, and frequent readers of slashdot.org who are WW II buffs will truly appreciate it. I could have been trimmed by a couple hundred pages and been just as effective. I have no plans (at this point) to read the Baroque Cycle (prequel).<br />Time for a bowl of Cap'N Crunch...
B00012FXB8|5.0|...and yes I say trilogy, resurrection is a movie unto itself as Ripley DIES in this one, and the whole cloning thing is a spin off.  This movie is a brilliant piece of artwork combining ,in my opinion, theories of nature/society, hunter and hunted, concepts of weapon use, and good vs evil in the form of prison religion.  <br />First off, the thought of a female entering a maximum offenders prison full of rapists, murders and women haters in general has a tense feeling to it.  This theme presents a very primal look at the violent aggression of the male side of domination and power structures.  Add to this a confined space (prison) in an isoloated environment (planet) and this theme has great potential.  Ripley's intuition is brilliant here, shaving her head as to not draw attention to herself, showing no fear from intimidation and placing no singular as the victim, rather everyone as the victim of the lone Alien.  <br />The hunter/hunted theme is a recurring one in the Alien Legacy and is shown in its strongest element in this installment.  Both the group of humans and the Alien are both the hunter and the hunted, the Alien needing to kill and the humans using its killer instinct to trap the beast.  The dilemma of Ripley having an Alien in her spirals off a completely unique and welcome twist of not being quite human and having to see things through the eyes of her most feared and hated nightmare.  Perhaps what the director was going for here was a semi-rape theme with the result being an unwanted offspring, without the violent overtones or emotional destruction that would ensue with humans.<br />The thought of having weapons taken away from something as lethal as an Alien adds even more to the terror as the theme goes into that of vulnerablity/helplessness/defenseless.  the power structure is reversed and the frustration is evident, and seeing how a group of prisoners, who's crimes are based on those of assumed power, deals with it is a very strong concept.<br />Prison and religion is nothing new, but the theme of repentance in such a wicked place ties in as a powerful point in the movie.  In almost an acceptance of denial, religion is fanatical within the prisoners, and although appears strong, it is proven incredibly fragile with the presence of tempation and chaos.  The strong prove themselves (dillon) to the end, and the characteristics of everyone in the movie is shown through this theme.<br />All in all, this movie is a masterpiece and easily one of the best movies I've ever seen.  Its my personal favorite in the series due to the multiple themes and concepts presented. Brilliantly acted and directed, and the prison/gothic industrial setting is haunting and eerily beautiful.  Highly recommended, this is a stand out movie that can be bought separately, but with all series movies, its best to see them in order.
6305131090|2.0|While I love the movie, the quality of the transfer to DVD is very poor. It's not much better than the VHS tape. It definitely is in need of remastering. If they ever do that, I'll buy another copy.
B00000AFGM|4.0|Mechanical Animals was Manson's peak album in many ways, not so much for music as for the direction he would take in the albums to come.  Instead of the Sex/Drugs/RocknRoll theme, this album explores the room behind the mirror on that lifestyle, as is evident by the names of songs such as Speed of Pain, Rock is Dead, I don't like the drugs but the drugs like me, Coma White, Last day on Earth and countless other incredibly original tracks.  Manson breaks away from the Metal God image and goes into something profoundly different, exploring alternate idenities, androgyny, after effects of pleasure and creativity for creativity's sake.  This album doesn't have the intense anger and rage behind it as the other 2 did, but it certainly has lost none of the emotional qualities that define his music.  Its easy to see how one could interpret a Bowie-esque style here with the glam look and the Omega labelling, but the lyrics remain authentically Manson with the poking and proding at what is percieved as normal, and the mockery and challenge to break away from it all.  A nice change of pace from the hard metal, Manson proves he's not just a one dimensional artist but indeed has what it takes to back up the intelligent image he has worked hard to deserve.
B0000AHRB0|4.0|Follett's best works are novels like this one - World War II spy thrillers.  Jackdaws did not disappoint.<br />It is the story of an all woman team sent to France to perform espionage just before D-Day.  The main character/hero is an engaging woman and her cast of compatriots is interesting.  The action is non-stop as can be expected.  As also can be expected, nothing seems to go right, but the good guys win in the end - that formula by no means detracts from the book.<br />Jackdaws also displays a formula that Follett uses to great success - he tracks both sides of the plot - the German policeman after the team of women and the women.  He switches back and forth in such a way as to always add tension with the switch.<br />Also adding to this book is the German spy-catcher.  He is given a personality and expresses sympathy at times.  He is not the prototypical Nazi bad guy.<br />One thing that detracted from this book are the love interests.  Out of a major cast of about ten, five fall in love in the course of the two weeks encompassed by the book.  Not to mention that three of the characters are or end up homosexual.  The odds on both counts seem skewed.<br />All in all a fun book.  As always with Follett, well-written.  It is typical of the genre, but still exciting and worth the read.
B000001Y2U|5.0|...is pretty much how Manson came screaming into the mainstream metal world with his 2nd LP Antichrist Superstar.  While Portrait had more of a grunge heavy rock feel to it by puncturing the skin of the hard rock/heavy metal world, Antichrist rips right in to the core of it with the epitome of sex, drugs, love and hate.  Manson establishes himself as an artist that isn't going away anytime soon and puts this album in as one of the best in history, immortalizing not only his presence in the metal world but also songs such as the Beautiful People, Reflecting God, Man that you Fear, Dried Up, Tied and Dead to the World, Irresponsible Hate Anthem, Little Horn and countless other powerful songs with amazing lyrical, musical and vocal talent that is raw and uncensored.  His mockery of God, Religion and Conformity are backed up by his shameless display of Ego, Creativity and Individualism which scares society, but yet is key to the advancement.  Brian Warner is brilliant and this album is gold.  I know personally it didn't leave my CD player for about a year, its replayablity is unmatched.  Be warned, though:  Manson does have a way of affecting someone in extreme ways.  For me, that was a good thing.
0743454529|1.0|I had many disappointments with this book after having high hopes. Another reviewer hit it on the head when saying it could have been great but missed and boy, does it.  The subject is Anna, who at 13, has decided not to donate her kidney to her 16 year old sister, Kate, who has Leukemia.  The real why is sort of a mish mash of Kate wanting to end her suffering (she was diagnosed at 2) and Anna, who loves her sister and wants to in a way set her and her sister free from the torture of medicine.  It is Sara and Brian, the parents but especially Sara the Mom, who pushes for every possible chance to cure her daughter and really, who could blame her.  The problem for me in this book was 1) the laywer, Brian, very lawyer slick.  When he side swiped Anna with the court order to remove her from her family's home, what was he thinking, really?  That that is what Anna wanted?  Julia, too, was another problem.  Geeze - they had a high school fling!  Get over it already!!!  For someone who is as smart as she is supposed to be, she is dumb with men and that was, frankly, a bore.  THe dog thing went on to long and was no great mystery.  The parents were more interesting but the author does not do them justice at the end.  So the father finds release in a bottle after the loss of their daughter, after the author almost lets you think at the almost end, that the couple were finding their way back to each other, which would have been nice.  So what happens to Sara after the death?  Is this poor woman left to pick up now after both a sick daughter and a drunk husband?  Jesse, what a loser.  He starts fires and nearly kills a man and his Dad does what - nothing!!!!  And since Jesse had this huge rap sheet, ah, I do not think he would have been accepted at any police academy.  Cops can't have records.  And which daughter dies was just stupid.  To have it set up that way was a loser move.  I would not recomend this book at all.
B000001Y5X|5.0|This is easily one of the best CD's I've ever heard, and is an explosive debut by Manson. To see the great artist he is from what he was to who he has become, he never once loses his ability to change and shock with the power of imagination and the mockery of all things sacred.  Favorite songs on this album include Cake and Sodomy, Organ Grinder, Dope Hat, Wrapped in Plastic, Sweet Tooth, My Monkey, and thats half the CD right there that is priceless.  A change of pace from what his music style is right now, his lyrics and style seem to be more crude, loud and undefined, yet still remain intelligent and powerful.  More of a chaos-rockstar feeling with this album, and as his music career progresses I find him more confident with what he wants to present through his personal style and lyrics, not to mention his ever-changing themes.  Definately a must buy, this will stay in your CD player for a long time.
1559409002|4.0|Carnival of Souls is the horror movie Albert Camus might have made.  It's a lot like George Romero's original Night of the Living Dead - -  black and white, low-budget, a simple horror story that's really about human beings' isolation in their own skins.<br />The acting ensemble in Romero's film is consistently better, but Carnival of Souls only has one real character, and Candace Hilligoss as Mary is very good.  It's probably only her performance that has kept this movie around for over forty years.<br />It's 1962 in a small town, and two young guys in a hot rod and three young women in another car are drag racing.  They get to the bridge outside of town, finally going fast enough to feel alive when . . .<br />. . . Mary crawls out of the river, covered in mud, the only female survivor.  The other two girls paid the price for giving in to the thrill of the boys' challenge.<br />Seemingly unaffected (almost in the clinical sense of being without affect), Mary follows her plan to go to another small town where she's been hired as a church organist.  She doesn't believe in the church, though; she's a musician and playing the organ is just a job.<br />Mary's drive to her new town is the scariest bit of filmmaking I've seen in a long time.<br />Trying to settle into her new life, Mary starts to crack up.  Besides seeing an apparition connected to an old ruined carnival, Mary is suddenly unable to hear the people around her.<br />Three men say they want to help her - - a would-be boyfriend who's only interested in sex and leaves her when she lets her despair show, a doctor who violently shakes her and orders her to his office for his expert help, and the minister she works for who fires her when something possesses her and she \\"profanes\\" his church with carnival music.  Love, science, and God all fail her.<br />If Mary had only been able to hang on for five or ten years, maybe she would have found more satisfying work, or support from other women, or been stronger herself.  In 1962 Mary felt the nothingness eating her alive, but she couldn't see a way out in time.  She lost the race.herself.  In 1962 Mary felt the nothingness eating her alive, but she couldn't see a way out in time.  She lost the race.
0446310786|3.0|This book started rather slow for me. A lot of background. All the conversations amongst the kids was not necessary for me. I like how Scout tells the whole story, it really reads from a kids point of view. That was really creative. I think HarperLee was taking a stance on racial inequalities of this country. Readers would only listen to her speaking through a child. If Atticus had told the story, America wouldn't have been able to stomach how ugly life really is. Atticus is the strongest character in the book to me. This book was deep. I did enjoy it. If you haven't read it you've missed out.
B00005JMFQ|4.0|Though the movie contains some infidelity, pre-marital sex, and a snippet of Anti-American sentiment, it still gets 4-stars. It's a realistic, 360 degree view of Love and all its complexities and eccentricities - it's Life.<BR>The day that I take Billy Bob Thornton seriously as any country's President is the day that I take offense to the tongue lashing he receives from Hugh Grant in the movie. I'm as pro-American as they come, but let this one go.<BR>Bottom line, if you can find it in you to not pass judgment and accept this movie for its entertainment value, you'll love it. If you can't, we should all be so perfect...
B00003CXI1|4.0|this is an excellent film, and even though it is not as good as the book it is a good movie version, compared to other books made into films.<br />harry potter and the philosophers (sorcerers) stone is an excellent movie, to be enjoyed by people of all ages.<br />if you loved the books, you will like this to!
B00003CXTG|3.0|If you are interested in watching two films in one this is the film for you. Hollywood has butchered a significant moment in history and what could have been a powerful film.<br />Somehow the writers of this movie must have been trying to convince us of the errors of war without letting the horror of the bombings in Pearl Harbor speak for itself. Instead they threw in a horribly sappy romance movie in the midst of such tragedy. While I have no doubt that many of the people involved in the real Pearl Harbor were in love and beautiful, I have my doubts on whether or not &quot;love&quot; was the first thing on their minds during the attack. I also have my doubts that one woman could fall in love with two men who are both drop dead gorgeous and extrodinarily brave at the same time. Reality proves time and again the impossibility of this sappy romantic notion. This portion of the film should have been written out and left for the &quot;Lifetime&quot; network to promote!<br />Now for the good part.....this film will have you on your seatbones during the battle scenes. It will rile your patriotism and inspire you to learn more about the actual event in history. The special effects are decent although some of the harbor scenes are obviously fake. But the horror of thousands of sleeping men being awakened to war is tragic. To even begin to fathom being buried in a sinking ship is horrendous. I wish the movie would have pulled a bit more at our heartstrings by focusing on true stories of what these brave men endured to survive such an event rather than just the magnitude of the bombings. This is where movies like &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot; and &quot;Black Hawk Down&quot; reign supreme and this one fails.<br />I recommend this movie purely for its ability to inspire you to learn more about the actual attack. Because the truth is in the men who survived this event not in this film. Worth noting of course is how our &quot;intelligence&quot; failed to protect Pearl Harbor. Maybe we need to construct a new word for that which &quot;protects&quot; us!
B000066NW0|1.0|this is some of the most disgraceful music i have ever heard<BR>i hate how these crap overrated bands get so much respect while no one recognises megadeth and iron maiden who have been producing good music for 20 years
0671250671|5.0|I first read M. Scott Peck's `The Road Less Travelled' over 20 years ago, but it is a text to which I return again and again, as Peck's insights and observations remain a constant source of inspiration and guidance in my life.  It still finds a ready home in the hands of therapists, counselors, ministers, teachers, career planners, and others as part of their resources, and is not out of place in the home of anyone who cares about the directions of her or his life.<br />Peck is a clinical psychiatrist - the material for this book came largely from his experiences with clients and others, seeing what worked and what didn't, what was missing and what was mis-understood.  Often cases involved psychotherapy (talk therapy), but the processes here are not confined to therapists' offices.  The same kinds of problem solving, processing and relationship building that takes place in psychotherapy can be used as life-long tools.<br />Peck resists labels such as Freudian and Jungian; he doesn't look for, nor does he offer, quick fixes or the psychotherapeutic variety of the get-rich-quick schemes.  This book is not a therapy manual, but rather a guide to spiritual growth that incorporates therapeutic and psychological principles.  Peck echoes the sentiments of many spiritual directors and leaders through the millennia that spiritual and personal growth are long journeys, not short leaps.  It involves dedication and intention, and a willingness to accept risk and change.<br />Perhaps it is ironic that, given this, the first topic Peck focuses upon is Discipline.  However, without discipline, change can go unchecked and uncharted, growth can become problematic, and the human soul becomes susceptible to a host of difficulties.  Dedication and application to problem-solving and long-term building (whether it be of retirement funds or of one's own spirit) requires a disciplined approach that recognises that life is difficulty (the first of Buddha's Four Noble Truths, cited by Peck), gratification sometimes needs to be delayed for greater goods, and reality needs to be approached and dealt with responsibly.<br />Peck calls here for a life to be totally dedicated to the truth.  This is hard, because we as human beings are so accustomed to rationalisation and reinterpretation.  This kind of dedication also requires a balance in life, and an ability to be flexible as the truths of our lives change - few of us are in possession of timeless and eternal truths governing every aspect of our lives, and often those who feel they are end up disappointed in the end.  The continuing creativity of God in our lives requires flexibility, but this is best achieved in a disciplined and balanced context.<br />Peck then turns to love, a mysterious thing even in the best of times.  He identifies some of the myths of `falling in love' and romantic love that our culture through various means idealises, leading to great dissatisfaction when we do not achieve the desired feelings or situations.  Peck makes the assertion that love is not really a feeling, but rather an action or activity, that involves a lot of risk-taking (Peck talks about risks of independence, of commitment, of confrontation, and of loss).  True love requires discipline and recognition of the needs of the self and others.<br />The final two sections of the text deal with aspects of religion on the spiritual and psychological development of persons.  The first section looks at religion and growth processes.  He does a short survey of some attitudes toward religions and denominations, as well as a look at how the modern scientific mindset colours the worldview of modern people, particularly with ideas of verification and skepticism.  Some psychologists and theorists have wondered if religion were mass delusions, mass psychosis, or some other kind of sickness.  Peck uses interesting extended case studies here to examine the role of various aspects of religion in the developmental lives of several people.  Peck asks the question, `Is belief in God a psychopathology?'  In some aspects, and for some people, the way they approach and `use' religion, the answer may well be yes.  However, Peck also takes the psychotherapeutic community to task for often being too narrow or too dismissive of the value of religious sentiment and institutions in the lives of their charges.<br />The final section looks at the role of grace in the spiritual growth process.  Grace is another mysterious force, like love, that is difficult to pin down and explain.  It is also something uncontrollable.  Why do some with artistic talent end up being successful and celebrated, and others not?  Why do some use their talent, when others don't?  In cases of ultimate despair, Peck makes the observation that while it is often clear why some people commit suicide, it is not often clear why others in the same situations don't.  Some of this has to do with the unconscious mind that guides us, and some of it has to do with the miracle of serendipity, as Peck describes it.<br />Peck describes in some detail his concept of what grace is and how it works, in very general terms that relate to no denomination or religion in particular, but has wide applicability.  He talks both about resistance to grace and the welcoming of grace.  Grace is not easy, and often comes with responsibilities (Bonhoeffer talks about cheap grace; the requirements of grace are noted through scriptures of many religions).  Welcoming grace welcomes often more than we bargained for, but also often more than we hoped.<br />In his afterword, Peck discusses the difficulties of writing in an organised and linear fashion about something so fundamentally disorganised as spiritual growth and therapeutic processes.  He also talks about the need for finding competent help when required - ability is not measured by degrees, he states (something true in many professions).  This is useful for those seeking a first therapeutic relationship, or needing a change.people.  Peck asks the question, `Is belief in God a psychopathology?'  In some aspects, and for some people, the way they approach and `use' religion, the answer may well be yes.  However, Peck also takes the psychotherapeutic community to task for often being too narrow or too dismissive of the value of religious sentiment and institutions in the lives of their charges.<br />The final section looks at the role of grace in the spiritual growth process.  Grace is another mysterious force, like love, that is difficult to pin down and explain.  It is also something uncontrollable.  Why do some with artistic talent end up being successful and celebrated, and others not?  Why do some use their talent, when others don't?  In cases of ultimate despair, Peck makes the observation that while it is often clear why some people commit suicide, it is not often clear why others in the same situations don't.  Some of this has to do with the unconscious mind that guides us, and some of it has to do with the miracle of serendipity, as Peck describes it.  <br />Peck describes in some detail his concept of what grace is and how it works, in very general terms that relate to no denomination or religion in particular, but has wide applicability.  He talks both about resistance to grace and the welcoming of grace.  Grace is not easy, and often comes with responsibilities (Bonhoeffer talks about cheap grace; the requirements of grace are noted through scriptures of many religions).  Welcoming grace welcomes often more than we bargained for, but also often more than we hoped.  <br />In his afterword, Peck discusses the difficulties of writing in an organised and linear fashion about something so fundamentally disorganised as spiritual growth and therapeutic processes.  He also talks about the need for finding competent help when required - ability is not measured by degrees, he states (something true in many professions).  This is useful for those seeking a first therapeutic relationship, or needing a change.
B00000AFWW|1.0|i hate these crappy female rock bands<BR>generic guitar<BR>poor vocals<BR>extremely droopy bass<BR>id give this album negative stars if such things were possible
B0001VWP8I|5.0|When I put the album in my car for the inital listen, I was like WOW!  It begins powerful, like every Anastacia album, and it ends so nicely.  The emotion and the feelings within each track, helps me relate to some of the things I have been going through.  And that is something, when an artist can speak to you through the music, and in doing that the album has served its purpose.  Whether you play it for pleasure or to learn loves lesson, I must honestly say that this was worth the wait.  If you haven't bought i this album yet, go out and get it!
B000084T18|1.0|I'd like to start by saying that there is no room for creativity in the mainstream music world these days. Performers like 50-Cent are popular because they are easy to jerk around; they have no real skill, and since they can't think for themselves, they let others do things so they don't have to. The palp MTV and FUSE pass of as \\"Rap\\" is embarrassing just as much as their hosts for the programs with their constant abuse of the word \\"Yo\\". 50-Cent is one of those said performers who front like they're real, but are just a media and record executive puppet. I can't even call rappers like 50-Cent an artist or musician, because 50-Cent contributes absolutely nothing in the way of talent to anything he does. He didn't play the music loops (they were lifted), he didn't do the backbeats because he doesn't know how, and he has no vocal talent. Rap NEVER used to be about all the hate and greed found on albums these days likes of performers like 50-Cent. Back in the early 80's, most rappers sung about social upheaval and how bad life could be, and they did it in a way that anyone, from any social and ethnic background could relate to. Rap was for all audiences back then, but now it's just relegated to a black-only audience, which is goes against everything the first wave of rap taught. Rap used to be a form of free-flow creative expression for everybody; women, men, whites, blacks, jews, gays, you name it. But MTV and FUSE have now made it popular opinion that you have to be black, involved with drugs, well-muscled to have a rap career. And no, just because Eminem is now accepted into the rap community doesn't mean he represents any wider of an audience than 50-Cent does, because all of them are bigoted, arrogant little pricks that need to be taught a lesson in treating their fellow human beings like they are human beings. And what the hell happened to the small number of female rappers?! There used to be a few in the early-90's, but they've totally dropped off the radar. Themale-dominated rap world needs to move aside, because somebody with talent needs to infiltrate the rap scene and put those guys to rest. If you want an example of some of the best dance/funk/rap albums, I suggest you start with Technotronic (\\"Pump Up the Jams\\" and \\"Trip on This\\"). Their songs are amazingly catchy and energetic, and can get a party started even when you don't plan on having one. The music is just so pulsating and alive. It's awesome. It's definitely a fresh alternative.
B00009KMCB|5.0|THIS IS SO GOOD! I HAVE TO TURN IT INTO 5 STARS NOT 4 1/2!!!!!
B00005JLXE|5.0|Yeah it's cheesy at times. Yeah it's also dark. Yeah they tried too hard to mix the campy 60's comic stuff with the darker modern comic stuff, but I still really loved this movie. I'm glad I gave Daredevil a look.
B00005MP58|5.0|For those who have difficulty with colour, the solution is to go to videolan.org, and download their latest VLC (the current one is 0.7.2). It shows brilliantly on the DVDrom on the computer, and is far less grainy than a widescreen TV.  Put your brightness and contrast both on 100%.<br />This is one classic that no-one can afford to leave off their shelves.  Colin Firth is the Sir Lawrence Olivier of today, and is one of the few actors today who can portray a range of emotions by seemingly doing nothing... through the eyes, body language, slight mouth movements...  Anyone involved in serious drama should possess this DVD, and the book &quot;The making of Pride and Prejudice.&quot;  The insights gained in this make every moment worthwhile, and the book enhances a persons perception, not only of the problems making such a period piece as this, but also the reasons as to why Colin Firth made Darcy his own.<br />This film also lays the foundation for his more recent performances.  Without seeing this, Bridget Jones Diary (and probably the upcoming sequel, the edge of reason - and flot says there will be a third...) are slightly adrift in terms of understanding the &quot;feel&quot;.<br />If I could give this 10 stars, I would.  I do agree that the picture quality, even on the computer, can be lacking, but that is nothing compared to what you will learn, not just in terms of a production, but also in terms of elegance of language, long since lost in the &quot;grunt culture&quot; of today.
B000268QB2|4.0|Pure pop music at its best. &quot;Somewhere only we know&quot;, &quot;Everybody's changing&quot;, &quot;Bedshaped&quot; and &quot;Sunshine&quot; are simply brilliant and will stay with you for a long time. Definitely the sound of Summer 2004 that will ease effortlessly into autumn and winter. Buy this album.
B0002A2WDQ|5.0|One of the best movies about early blues music ever made! Please make sure that Ry Cooder get his due for the sound track.
B0001DI0FI|5.0|This Movie is great from the beginning to the End. The acting is incredible. Russell Crowe is the Man. Action galore. Everyone will like the movie, my husband did, my kids did. I can't recommend it enough.
B00020HEG6|5.0|By far, this is the best Harry Potter CD yet. You can almost feel the emotion through the music - I can't wait until the rest of the movies come out to see what John Williams comes up with.
B00020HEL6|5.0|As the reviewer said why buy the CD when you can listen on her website for free------she is absolutely right----this is fantastic album and this girl can sing ----I MEAN REALLY SING----not like those singers who vocalize through their nose--like Spears and the like---she is wonderful-=----buy it, raise the volumn and enjoy----it's like listening to a live concert
B00025ETIW|5.0|This CD was absolutely amazing. It must be bought, it was outrageous. My Chemical Romance gets better, always. Buy it now, and be completely satisfied.
055357342X|5.0|and now contemplate the fact that Martin and S. Erikson are the best fantasy writers alive or ever.  What a great story, what a great series.  I don't care how long it takes for him to put out his book as long as it is of this quality.<br />I simply cannot remember reading a series, let alone book, in which no less than 20-30 characters have so many layers, and create either a sense of admiration or a sense of hatred.  Is there a better character than Tyrion who somehow manages to engender feelings of compassion and hatred at the same time?
B00009V7P8|5.0|I bought this CD without ever having heard a track or anything about it.  I only bought it because it kept coming up on my recommendation list from Amazon.  I buy a lot of cd's and it is not unusual for me to give them a quick listen and then despite my best intentions, never listen to them again.  I popped this into my computer early on a Saturday morning when I was alone, put on the headphones, and started to visit some web sites.  Almost immediately I stopped thinking about anything but the music.  This guy was reaching into my soul.  All that I wanted to do was listen intently.  This is going to sound like an odd comparison, but the last time I felt this way about an album was the first time I heard &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot;.  On the very first listen everything seemed to fit perfectly together.  The songs connect to each other in such a unique and subtle fashion.<br />Since that first listen I have put this CD in my car and have listened to it on my commute to and from work every day.  I find myself driving slower or taking the long way so I can hear all of the songs.  When I wake up in the morning I start thinking about when my first chance will be to listen to it.<br />This CD is certainly not for everybody.  Those of you that like artists like Ryan Adams, Leonard Cohen, Rufus Wainwright or some of the others mentioned in other reviews will not be dissapointed.
0671027387|1.0|and as you might imagine, predictable.  Brown's gotten better since he started writing, but for me, I couldn't wait to finish.  Bad dialogue, too cliche, and remarkably boring.  He has better reads, so start with them.
B000002JSP|4.0|Although not the best of the Led Zeppelin albums, it is still has great music and shows the ability of this legendary band to make music no matter what style.  Yes, this CD is different than previous albums, but the fact that they made great music in a different style says a lot about the band.  People get so caught up about how it's not the same as their other albums... well, yea, because its not.  It's new, it's different.  So if you are looking for more of the same, buy another copy of ZOSO, but if you want some Zeppelin with a twist to it, buy this CD.  It is a neccesary addition to any rock and roll music collection.
0316666343|4.0|After having read a few of these reviews, it seems to me that some people had a negative take on The Lovely Bones because they didn't understand what it was going in. Some people expressed dismay that the narrator (a child who has just been murdered) turns out to be more than just a whimsical narrative device. <br />Before you read this book, then, you should know that it is fundamentally a fantasy novel, complete with a supernatural climax. While it doesn't conform in the slightest to the popular conception of fantasy fiction as a realm with dwarves and elves and wizards, it has the same off-hand mysticism as Jonathan Carroll's The Wooden Sea or Sean Stewart's Mockingbird.<br />It is also frequently an observant and moving picture of grief; the first fifty pages in particular had me on the verge of tears more than once. Sebold is perceptive in the way that she illustrates how grief seperates and threatens to overwhelm each surviving family member; for the first two hundred pages, at least, she eschews sentimentality and allows her characters to be themselves without justifications or excuses.<br />The problem comes with the last third or so of the novel, which becomes increasingly over-written and sentimental, to the novel's detriment; things that don't need to be spelled out in full are, while the plot becomes increasingly contrived to create a happy ending that's out of step with what came before. It even begins to drag a little as things go out of focus. While The Lovely Bones is very much worth reading, it could have been a masterpiece had it been written a little tighter.
B00024I31C|5.0|Very impressive!<br />I expected another really good album worth many listens,<br />but this is far more than what was anticipated.<br />Never under-estimate the real J.J. Cale....<br /><br />This is a nice trip back to Tulsa<br /><br />I highly recommend \\"To Tulsa And Back\\" and will have mine spinning for a long time to come.<br /><br />thanks for the ride J.J.!!<br /><br />I'll see you on tour!!!!!!!!!
B0001IN07Q|2.0|I got this album after hearing him sing Sway. Was quite disappointed for two main reasons:<br />1) CD doesn't have many tracks, and I don't think the singing here was that fantastic<br />2) DVD is very distracting because of the constant change of view. After a while it got to the extent of being nauseating for myself, and the overall content isn't be any means spectacular, visually and aurally.<br />I don't have this album any more, but I think the other Michael Buble - Michael Buble album is a better buy, with more tracks and lower price. The DVD in this album isn't worth watching.
B00025ETIW|3.0|i cant say 4 tha rest of the cd (hence tha 3, going by the songs i have heard: helena, you know what they do to guys like us in prison,im not okay.) but from what i have heard it is appalling. completely dissimilar to the first, less screaming and more of a pop influence suspected. thumbs down. give it a listen tho, it may be 4 u.
B00000JGEI|5.0|Boy, is this a great movie.  It was when it hit the theaters more than a decade ago, and it still is.  Armed with a multi-million dollar budget and an arsenal of state-of-the-art special effects, director James Cameron puts together a sci-fi thriller that thoroughly entertains from beginning to end.<br />But the true beauty of TERMINATOR 2 is its undying loyalty and respect for its predecessor, made some eight years before.  Even though there was such a gap in time, Cameron remained faithful to his original production, which translates into a seamless and believable sequel.  The T-800 machine, the nemesis in the original &quot;Terminator,&quot; returns, only this time the cyborg has been programmed to protect John Connor (Edward Furlong), now a pre-adolescent.  And once again, Schwarzenegger was made for the role of the T-800:  a stoic, hulking, violent killing machine, yet this time, Arnold brings a discreet sense of humor and compassion to the part.<br />Linda Hamilton returns as Sarah Connor, young mother of John, but now she's buffed and tough and ready to fight back.  And Robert Patrick is exceptional as the advanced T-1000 Model, the machine programmed to kill John--a machine so advanced it makes the T-800 look like an old Commodore PC.  The action, the effects, the story, are spellbinding, but again, the subtle and not-so-subtle parallels to the original &quot;Terminator&quot; are what impressed me the most.  The title of this review is but one example, as it was said by the protectors in both movies--and prophetically so.  There are many, many more, which make TERMINATOR 2 so faithful to its predecessor, and so darned fun to watch.<br />--D. Mikels
B0001BKAEY|1.0|Before I proceed I'm giving zero stars for this movie, there's one just because Amazon doesn't allow zero stars.<br />There's not much to say about this movie. I think the cheesy dialogue between Morpheus and his ex in the second movie, says it all...<br />\\"some things change... some things don't change...\\"<br />That's it. Some things change, Hollywood don't! If you have a good movie, with a big audience, then you have to make a sequel, even though you don't have a grasp about how to make it...<br />I'm not even make an effort to explain why I'm sure the something-chowski brothers didn't know how to finish this \\"trilogy\\", it's quite self-evident (and you don't even need to be very smart to know)!<br />The funny thing is that they didn't even need to know how to finish... They could just have filmed the second one and promise the end for the next year... Then, they could have looked at the lots of suggestions from fans (probably billions spread around the internet, when the second movie began passing) and choose some of the best of them... and make the end... (and I didn't write any - but I've seen many that I considered better than \\"Revolutions\\").<br />By the way, in my humble opinion, the second movie was a great sequel, if we forget an evident plot hole (where did they take the keymaker to? I mean, he was a program, they couldn't bring him to the real world), the fights that never ended (worse than this, there was a moment that one could feel watching a porn movie, where the sex was replaced by fights), etc. Still, a great movie because of the \\"revelations\\".<br />And I'm not saying that I'm feeling coned because, in the end, we didn't have \\"a good guy wins the battle against bad guys\\". For me, it could even end with all the machines being destroyed, humanity destroyed, etc, and that would be ok for me (like the end of Planet of the Apes 2 - that is... quite like that, since the \\"Apes movies\\" also suffered from this \\"Hollywood sequel syndrome\\", but you get my meaning). For instance, just to mention, I didn't like that Lord of the Rings end stuff either... <br />I didn't feel coned either because some things were never explained (like, for instance, how come Neo could control machines in the \\"supposed real world\\"?). Actually, if there was some element of magic in the original movie, or other approaches, things wouldn't need to be explained, and that would be ok for me too.<br />The coning things here is that all that \\"philosophy\\" in the first movie became \\"garbage\\" in the last one... Things like... \\"One needs to know oneself\\", \\"you need to make the choice\\", \\"I made the choice, but I don't understand it\\"... Man, what a crap!! And that Merovingian? There was a lot of speculation that he could even be and old \\"the one\\" (because of the number in his place), he looked to be powerful in the second, then in this one... I will not even continue, if one take a look at the others 1 and 2 stars reviews here, then one will see the lots of trash things around this movie.<br />Other disappointment is that they were thinking that the \\"fans\\" wouldn't be reduced drastically after this one... Since the movie ends with a talk that suggest another \\"trilogy\\". Well, they can make it, I will not be in the theater this time, nor my friends, nor other people that went to the theaters expecting something more than a \\"video-game-special-fx-plus-new-fx-plus-new-fx no-story-though\\" movie!<br />My suggestion is: don't buy this DVD, nor rent it! Let us make the producers know that they could have gained a lot of money if they didn't deceive us.<br />PS1. Ah, I was forgetting... someone, somewhere, said that the trouble with us \\"betraying fans\\" is that we \\"didn't understand\\" things... After all, we just watched Matrix 1 and 2 several times, watched the animatrix just sometimes, spent just some time reading about the philosophy in the first movie, and some of us are just math phd students (we're just intelligent guys but not genius!)... We didn't play the game (!), we didn't buy matrix t-shirts (!), we didn't brush our teeth with \\"matrix toothbrush\\" (!), and we didn't play with matrix action figure toys (!)... Therefore, how could we get the \\"matrix feeling\\", how could we \\"get embedded and in resonance\\" with ultra-super-hyper-uber blowing-mind-mythical-brilliance superior-genial-intelligence of the bros-chowiskis?! Maybe that's why we didn't like this last movie! We \\"just didn't understand it\\", \\"we're guys that only understand popcorn movies\\", that's \\"our problem\\"...<br />PS2. Hahahah for PS1. Guys, ok, you liked it... but please, stop insulting the intelligence of other guys that saw clearly that there's nothing special about this movie! This movie could be nice for guys that like to see someone playing video-games. For me it isn't, I like video-games, but I like to play myself.
B00003CXXP|5.0|Spielberg's genius, and Haley Joel Osment's poignant performance keeps the viewer spellbound.  Some have said the movie is too long, but if you allow yourself to become immersed into the story, you will not notice the time.  The last few minutes of the movie are the most moving and rewarding in movie history, and if they don't bring you to tears - then you must be made of stone.  Spielberg's heart spills over in this movie - a masterpiece - under-appreciated by most.  If you've seen it already - give it a second chance, if you haven't seen it - keep an open mind, and let the story take you away..... enjoy!
B0000028SR|5.0|One of the reviewers wrote that Human Touch and Lucky Town are under rated is right on the button.  Human Touch has great lyrics and harmony.  Most musicians would kill for some of the music on these records.  The critics were way off on this record. It makes you wonder what else they are wrong about.  Some record stores let you listen to samplings of an artists efforts before you buy.  That way you can make your own judgements on how good a record is.  One should be skeptical of critical reviews and think for yourself.  Being skeptical of what critics said about Human Touch and Lucky Town and hearing some samples here on Amazon helped maked my decision to buy them.  I'm glad I did.
B00003CXSP|5.0|I am a fan of both Ridley Scott and Hannibal Lecture, so naturally, I liked this movie. In Silence of the Lambs, we foucased on Clarice, which made the movie really. But it nice to sort of see Hannibal as the main character, and find out what happened to him after Silence of the Lambs.
B000089RVX|3.0|The band could compentiently play, the singer has an amazing voice, but the combined, something just didn't seem right.  Maybe its just the associations not normally made with that style of singer and music.  Unique definately, but not catching on with me.  Also, from an audiofiles perspective, the recording was fair at best with lack of depth and additional noice picked up when microphones were turned on during the track.  Purely from that perspective, I was very dissapointed.  I expected to a recording with much better quality, but unfortunatly it doesn't do it justice.
B00005Q4CS|5.0|The year 2000 was not memorable for me for any computer gliches... no, 2000 was the year that 2 movies broke into my top 5 all-time movies: &quot;Memento&quot; and &quot;Requiem For A Dream.&quot;<br />  As good as &quot;Memento&quot; is, it still did not have the effect on me that RFAD did. I have watched a ton of movies in my 40+ years, but I have never seen anything like this. At first, I was not sure if I even liked it. It wasn't until days later when I realized that I could not get the movie out of my head. Now, I have watched the movie 5 times. It is THAT good.<br />  Most people have mentioned the plot, so I won't go into it again. Ellen Burstyn put on a performance for the ages. The fact that she did not win the Oscar for this role (I HATE JULIA ROBERTS!) is as bad as Al Pacino not winning one for &quot;Scarface.&quot;<br />  I am not a big fan of Jared Leto, but he performed well above par. Marlon Wayans was the shocker. He should stay away from comedy and pursue more dramatic roles. And Jennifer Connelly did the best job I have ever seen from her.<br />  Although the entire movie was excellent, the final 30 minutes (Winter)was the most intense piece of cinema I could ever imagine. As tough as this movie can be to watch, I highly recommend it to anyone who considers themselves to be a fan of cinema.
B00020HEL6|5.0|Why buy this cd when you can listen to the entire thing for free on her website? Well, because it's THAT good. I haven't been able to stop listening since I first discovered her amazing talent. The idea of offering her songs on her website was ingenious. It got me hooked. I told a few people about it and I'm personally responsible for a few more of her cds getting sold. You just have to listen to this to really know what I'm talking about. It's just addictive.
B0001UL7RY|5.0|O.K. after Avril's first CD \\"Let Go\\" was so successful, we could certainly forgive her if this second one was a bit of a let down.  However, she has outdone herself.  This CD is very good, in some ways better than the first.<br />Some perspective.  I'm 38 years old and started listening to Avril Lavigne because my 12 year old daughter likes this music.  Upon first listening to \\"Let Go\\", I liked it right away.  Unlike the bubble gum pop/rock of Britney, Christina, and Jessica Simpson, the \\"Let Go\\" CD showed some musical complexity and the lyrics were interesting, fresh, and unique.  Plus, we have to mention that Avril has a strong singing voice that can stand on its own unlike the chirping of Britney or the breathy gasps of Jessica Simpson.  Just listen to \\"I'm with you\\" to get a taste of her vocal power.<br />\\"Under My Skin\\", like \\"Let Go\\" doesn't have a bad track on it.  Again, a rarety these days, when you can listen to the whole CD from beginning to end and say, \\"Yep, every one of those was good.\\"<br />I think the role of Matrix in helping with the writing of the songs for \\"Let Go\\" has been way overplaid.  It's clear from the nature of the songs that Avril is the author.  You can see it in the similarities of style between the first CD and \\"Under My Skin\\".  Matrix was involved in the first CD but not the second.<br />Clearly, the role of Matrix is to create \\"songs for radio\\".  I think it's a mistake to give Matrix any writing credit for any of the \\"Let Go\\" tracks.  Rather, it's more accurate to say they had a hand in the musical arrangement to the songs Avril wrote.<br />To put out two quality CDs in a row is no easy feat for any musician.  The fact that Avril has done it, in spite of all the pressures to be \\"mainstream\\" and to \\"fit a record industry mold\\" is really a testament to her talent and her vision.<br />I think she may be the best singer/songwriter/performer of her generation.<br />Proud to own both these CDs and looking forward to her next one.
0440237688|5.0|Can you imagine living in a world where there is no poverty, everyone is kind and polite.  There is no illness, or disease, no real pain.  Sounds wonderful, right?<br />Lois Lowry show us such a world in The Giver.  She also explores what we would have to give up to have this 'sameness'<br />Jonas is happy with his life.  He has his 'family unit', mother, father and one sister, just like all the other families.  He enjoys playing with his friends and riding his bike.  He is apprehensive however about the upcoming \\"Ceremony of 12\\".  At 12 yrs old each child is given their assignment or their career.  What will Jonas be asked to do?  Will he like it he wonders?<br />After he receives his assignment and begins his training, he begins to see his whole world in a different light.<br />A facinating book that will linger with you long after you put it down.
B0001NBMBC|4.0|When I first listened to this CD I was like WOW, what a dissapointment. But after listening to it it grew on me a great deal. It is a completely different direction that Slipknot took and I do understand why Slipknot fans would hate this album but I definitly disagree. This album has got everything. Great vocals. Great guitar riffs. Sic drum beats. Also the occasional accoustic songs which I don't mind. Overall a great album
B00000JLWW|4.0|James Cameron's \\"Titanic\\" became the first film in nearly 50 years to tie the record of 11 Oscars once held exclusively by Ben-Hur (1959); an irony not wasted upon the fact that most of \\"Titanic's\\" wins came from the technical categories - not the acting categories. There's good reason for that - the plot, such as it is, is contrived and poorly acted. In a nutshell, penniless artist, Jack Dawson (Leonardo DiCaprio) wins a third class ticket on the ill-fated liner. He meets Rose (Kate Winslet), a spoiled rich girl engaged to Cal (Billy Zane) but who is about to commit suicide by jumping off the ship's stern because she feels trapped in her pampered existence - oh, please! Jack and Rose become lovers. Then the ship hits an iceberg and its every man for himself. <br />No one has more admiration for Cameron's attention to detail in sets and costumes and his epic staging of the climactic sinking of the great leviathan into the icy Atlantic, than I do. But it's all for not when the primary diversion during the first two hours of this truncated melodrama is the childish bump and grind of two misfits inside the cargo hold. Truly, \\"Titanic\\" had more fascinating real life passengers on board, whose lives could have been more fully explored. Kathy Bates is wasted as Molly Brown, Victor Garber too, as Matthew Andrews. <br />The DVD transfer is a disappointing effort from Paramount. The letterbox picture has not been enhanced for widescreen televisions. Though colors are fairly represented and clarity and sharpness are amply present, there's a considerable amount of edge enhancement in the vertical paneling of the smoking room, the railing that surrounds the ship and many of the long shots of the ship sailing off into the sunset. Contrast levels are nicely balanced. Blacks are generally solid. Some film grain and digital grain make certain scenes break apart when viewed on a larger format. The audio is 5.1 stereo and provides a very strong and visceral listening experience. There are no extras on this disc except for the film's theatrical trailer.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I would like to note something here. Before i start reviewing, I am a very active person. I skateboard, i do XMA martial arts. I run, etc etc. I do NOT watch much TV which is odd for someone of my age ( im 16 btw), So when i say i stayed home from Tae Kwon Do class every friday to watch TV, and watch FIREFLY, I want you to know what that means.<P>Because i did. Everytime it came on, i was watching it, and i wouldnt move for the hour it was on. Comercials and all. Then FOX, in all its infinite wisdom (*cough BS cough*) cancels it. MY family was heartbroken. This is easily the greatest show or movie i have EVER seen, surpassing even the simpsons on my Favorites list. It is an amazing world, the 'verse 500 years in the future! Dont miss out on this AMAZING Show, and if you havent seen it before, look at the reviews. Ask yourself, &quot;Can i Really afford to miss this?&quot;<BR>Keep flying people! The movie comes out April next year!
B00003CWL6|4.0|\\"American Beauty\\" is the story of Lester Burnham (Kevin Spacey), a man unhappy in his home life, unsettled with the prospect of growing old and disenchanted with his career. Neither his wife, Carolyn (Annette Benning) nor his daughter, Jane (Thora Birch) respect him and his neighbors don't even know who he is. In short, Lester is a man swimming on the rim of a mid-life crisis. But the tide begins to turn in his favor when Lester decides to throw caution to the wind, blackmail his bosses and collect a hefty buy out settlement.  Of course, Lester's new found independence does not sit well with Carolyn, who prides herself on being in charge of everyone's lives. To relieve her angst, she takes up with rival real estate agent, Buddy Kane (Peter Gallagher) while Jane attempts a misguided elopement with her strange boyfriend, Ricky Fitts (Wes Bentley). Of course all this upset leaves Lester free and clear to pursue a relationship with the high school trollop and Jane's best friend, Angela (Mena Suvari). What is so incredibly compelling about Sam Mendes' masterpiece of reflection, is not so much the way all these lives intersect on a crossroads ultimately doomed to destruction, but how ably the director has managed to capture a slice of the decline and fall of America's constitutional motto of \\"life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.\\" <br />The DVD transfer does a fine job of capturing the stylized color scheme. Colors are rich, bold and nicely balanced. Contrast levels are bang on. Blacks are deep and solid. There is a hint of pixelization that is more obvious during the darker scenes, but it does not distract from your viewing enjoyment. Fine detail is fully realized. Occasionally there is a hint of edge enhancement but again, it is not terribly obtrusive. The audio is 5.1 and delivers a very deep, rich bass, particularly in the music tracks. An audio commentary, featurette and stills gallery round out the limited extras on this disc.
B000002BFZ|2.0|This album is ok at best, there are a few good songs, but it just doesn't rock as much as the first 3 albums. This cd lulls you to sleep by the 5th song.  I probly won't listen to this album again, unless i can't sleep.  Ten is still the best.
076781326X|4.0|Carol Reed's \\"Oliver!\\" is the musical version of Dicken's Oliver Twist. It stars Mark Lester as the irrepressible street urchin, suckered into the lair of a vagabond by The Artful Dodger (Jack Wild) and forced into a life of crime by Fagin (Ron Moody). But when Oliver is salvaged from the slums by a benevolent philanthropist, Bill Sikes (Oliver Reed) decides to make a quick buck off of the trade. Shani Willis costars as Sikes' girlfriend, Nancy, who thwarts the kidnapping plot and pays for her betrayal with her life. This is a very stoic, stagy and rather dry musical that may capture the essence of Dickens in its settings characters and plot but seems totally out of touch with the effervescence of the traditional Hollywood musical.  Even with such main staple songs as \\"Consider Yourself\\", \\"Boy For Sale\\" and \\"Food, Glorious Food\\", truly, the spoon full of sugar remains a bitter pill to swallow on this occasion. <br />Columbia Tri-Star has made \\"Oliver\\" available in a startlingly good looking transfer. Colors are solid, rich, vibrant and bold. Contrast levels are exactly where they should be. Blacks are incredibly deep. Fine detail is fully realized. Only occasionally do age related artifacts betray the vintage of the film. The audio is 5.1 and wonderfully spread across all five channels of the sound field. There are no extras. This film is spread across two sides of a single disc. The break comes at the point of intermission.
B00025ETIW|5.0|Awesome!!! This cd is more than great. Every single song is worth listening to. Not one i will ever skip over. They have a slightly different, more mature sound. A little better quality than the last cd as well. Probably the most catchy song when you first listen is Thank You For the Venom. this disc will definitely get plenty of spins in my cd player. My Chemical Romance is one of the best bands around. Fantastic!!!
B00003CXA2|3.0|\\"Forrest Gump\\" is the sweeping story of a simpleton (Tom Hanks) whose view of the world is both clairvoyant and poignant.  After being told that he will never walk without the aid of leg braces, young Forrest breaks free of his irons, goes on to become a college football star, a decorated war hero, the CEO of a lucrative shrimp business, and finally, a husband to the ill-fated girl of his dreams (Robin Wright Penn) and a father (Haley Joel Osmond in an early role). What makes the film so remarkable is its handling of the central character. Like Dustin Hoffman's Raymond, Tom Hanks brilliant performance as Forrest is thoughtful, introspective and fine wrought with compassion. Director, Robert Zemeckis never allows sympathy or stereotyping of the mentally handicap to override the poignancy or expanse of his narrative. Gary Sinise is magnificent as Lt. Dan Taylor - a hot shot military man until war robs him of the use of both of his legs. Sally Fields excels as Forrest's mother, a woman determined to see that her son lives a full and useful life.<br />The transfer from Paramount Home Video is somewhat disappointing. Sourced from a print rather than the original camera negative, colors are generally weak though sometimes nicely balanced. There's some age related dirt and scratches present throughout the print that, for a film of this vintage should NOT be an issue. The anamorphic framing is consistent but fine details are lost in many of the darker scenes. There's a considerable amount of film and digital grain present for a picture that, at times, is smooth, but at other times is rather harsh on the eyes. The audio is 5.1 and nicely balanced with a real kick in the musical score and special effects.  The extras include a documentary on the making of the film, some interviews with the cast members and director, the film's theatrical trailer and some television spots.  Overall, this is a less of a stellar visual presentation than it should have been.
B0000C7PQK|5.0|Having been an Enigma fan from the beginning, I was so pleased to have this one on special order. Then, when I first played this CD through, I disliked it and felt it a waste of time and money. A friend who listened with me stated, &quot;Sounds like a drug trip.&quot;<br />However- it grows on you. Give it a chance. Certainly it lacks the sensual quality of the earlier Enigma- but this CD IS sometimes sensual, and I found myself unable to refrain from dancing. It's layered sounds and voices are unique and sometimes fascinating. I love this CD!
0385336810|5.0|I'm on page 172...I have been laughing since page 3, laughing hysterically everywhere!  I can't even believe I've stopped reading to write this but I had to tell you all to get this one.  Hardback - its a keeper and I'm cheap.  I'll just say that I'm not the kind of person who laughs out loud at t.v. or movies, most people or jokes...I laugh mostly at things I think of or sometimes a great line from Niles in &quot;Frasier.&quot;  But this one has me laughing OUT LOUD - EVERYWHERE!  I know I loved the Shopaholics (especially the first) but don't really remember them, so I can easily say this one is hands down one of the funniest books I've read.  Sure you know the ending (I think - I don't really care), but its just a good time.  And I'm a stickler about endings - I like mysteries and sad endings in romance novels, but I don't even care what happens in the end - so long as it stays this funny.  FABULOUS READ!  I'll be up all night to finish it and wish it wasn't over.  By the way, another one I laughed out loud and actually shared with friend is &quot;Diary of a Mad Mother To Be&quot; (after I read the Mad Bride, which is funny too) - and I'm NOT A MOTHER!
B00004Z400|5.0|who knew that anger, frustration, pain, murder, and sorrow could be told to the listener through a 'four power chord' progression?<br />this is an amazing album because you dont even need words to describe the view they are trying to portray. <br />the music is so detailed and you can tell that they mean what they sing. <BR>its a masterpiece of fluctuating dynamics,from begining to end, one of the strongest albums i've ever heard . the distortion is so intense that it sounds like a weapon <br />if you like tool and bands that pay close attention to detail, this is an album you need to get,<br />\\"we'll stop to rest on the moon,<BR>and we'll make a fire<BR>I'll steal a carcass for you<BR>then feed off the virus<BR>cause you're my girl<BR>and thats all right if you<BR>sting me i wont mind<BR>i see a red light in June,<BR>and i hear crying<BR>you turn newborn baby blue<BR>now we're all the virus\\"
B000006AXE|5.0|The story of &quot;Fly Away Home&quot; is fairly predictable, in that we know full well that young Amy Alden (Anna Paquin) is going to persuade her father, Thomas (Jeff Daniels), to come up with a way of teaching a flock of adopted goslings how to fly and get them to a winter refuge in North Carolina. But predictability is not always a deterrent to a film being enjoyable or even inspirational, and you have to pity someone who cannot enjoy watching a bunch of baby geese running after Anna Paquin, convinced that she is there mother and therefore responsible for imprinting on them what they need to learn to survive. Besides, for what is ostensibly a children's film this one opens with a rather shocking scene, where we see a fatal car accident during the open credits while listening to a gentle melody. If there is anything that indicates this is more than your usual predictable children's film, this would be it.<br />If there is a flaw in &quot;Fly Away Home&quot; it is that the relationship between daughter and father takes a back seat to the story of the geese, so that the pathos that exists there is almost lost in the flapping of wings (but there is a nice moment and a good line when the father tells his daughter why he know what she can do it). They two have been estranged by distance (he returned to Canada while his wife and daughter lived in New Zealand), and living together is not improving things. He is an eccentric artist and inventor who cannot figure out how to connect with a living human being until the geese that come between them bring them together.<br />Fortunately, dad is spared the role of being the villain, because there are land developers at both ends of the flight and a wild life officer who knows what the rulebook says about domesticated geese. But those are just minor hurdles to the idea of flying 600-miles in four days in an ultra-light plane for Amy to lead her geese to their promised (wet) land. Yes, the idea that the clock is ticking and that bulldozers are ready to roll in North Carolina is all a bit much, but then there are moments, like when the ultra-lights and geese fly through the skyscrapers of Baltimore than just about take your breath away.<br />I was not aware until after I watched the film that director Carroll Ballard and cinematographer Caleb Deschanel had previously collaborated on &quot;The Black Stallion,&quot; but that certainly makes sense because both films are perfectly willing to let pictures exist without dialogue. The other commonality is that &quot;Fly Away Home&quot; is another film that adults can enjoy just as much as the kiddies.t bulldozers are ready to roll in North Carolina is all a bit much, but then there are moments, like when the ultra-lights and geese fly through the skyscrapers of Baltimore than just about take your breath away.<br />I was not aware until after I watched the film that director Carroll Ballard and cinematographer Caleb Deschanel had previously collaborated on &quot;The Black Stallion,&quot; but that certainly makes sense because both films are perfectly willing to let pictures exist without dialogue. The other commonality is that &quot;Fly Away Home&quot; is another film that adults can enjoy just as much as the kiddies.
6304696566|3.0|John Ford was a master craftsman of the American cinema. Though he dabbled in melodrama and action during his directorial career, his everlasting contribution to the movies remains in those galvanic distillations of the old west put forth by an unparalleled series of legendary films. \\"The Searchers\\" ranks among his most finely wrought and meticulously hand crafted projects.  Indeed it seems to be the film in which the culmination of Ford's own commitment to the power, beauty and frailty of the western frontier tragically come together in a revisionist perspective that exposes both its grandeur and its flaws. The film stars the iconic John Wayne as Ethan Edwards -  a strangely majestic antihero who vows bloody revenge after his cousin and family are slaughtered by marauding Comanches. But Ethan's search for his surviving niece (Natalie Wood) becomes a sinister and all-consuming obsession when he learns that she - having been abducted while still a child - has now adopted the ways of her captors and, at least in Ethan's mind, has become one of them.  The film tackles racism in the form of Ethan's distrust of one time family friend (Jeffrey Hunter) who is part Cherokee and the sweep and spectacle of Death Valley has never been quite so poignantly captured on film.<BR>THE TRANSFER: While Warner Home Video has made \\"The Searchers\\" available in anamorphic widescreen in a print that is light years ahead of anything the film has looked like before for the home film enthusiast, compared to more current DVD releases, the visual splendor of the transfer falls short of expectations. Though colors are rich there's something of a muddiness and lack of balance to them in many of the indoor scenes. Also, several scenes appear to be suffering slightly from color shrinkage, creating a slightly out of focus image quality that is distracting. Age related artifacts are present but do not distract so much as the digital anomalies of pixelization and edge enhancement which greatly plaguethe background information in most of the long shots. A slight shimmering is inherent in all of the scenes. Black and contrast levels can be solid at times, while sometimes appearing slightly pasty. Ditto for the unnatural flesh tones which are either overly pink or a ruddy orange. The audio has been remastered and delivers a nice expansive presentation which is in keeping with the vintage of the original sound elements.<BR>EXTRAS: Not this time around. Sadly, this film deserves a documentary.<BR>BOTTOM LINE: \\"The Searchers\\" is a masterful western, on par with \\"Stagecoach\\" and \\"High Noon\\". Definitely one to add to your film library.
B000068FXR|5.0|This album should have been an even bigger hit than &quot;Crime of the Century&quot; was, because this album has easier songs to listen to (very few get to six minutes), a lot of it is Hodgson-sung (don't get me wrong; Davies has a fine voice, but face facts, Hodgson was the hit-man), and it is a fine blend of progessive, pop, and everything else that made Supertramp so super.  This album is worth any price for it, just for the songs 'Easy Does It', 'Sister Moonshine', 'A Soapbox Opera', 'Another Man's Woman', and the song that was a minor hit, 'Ain't Nobody But Me'. 'The Meaning' is my personal favorite.  Don't miss out on this CD, too many people already have already.
B0000DZEA1|5.0|This album is just as good, if not a bit above the other two soundtracks. With The Return of the King, Shore did much more than just make a copy of his first two scores. He composed another wonderful score that has a character all to its own. You can actually see the white walls of Minas Tirith in the third, fourth, and fifth tracks, see the battles on Pelennor on the thirteenth track, and hold your breath as the fate of Middle Earth is decided as Frodo and Gollum fight for the One Ring in the later tracks.<br />My personal favorites are The Steward of Gondor, The Grey Havens, and Into the West. In The Steward of Gondor, Billy Boyd shines through with his amazing talent that is mixed in with eerie and ominous strings as Faramir's riders go on the suicide mission to attempt the recapture of Osgiliath. In The Grey Havens, you can feel the Hobbits' sorrow as they realize Frodo and the rest of the last Ringbearers on Middle Earth, Bilbo, Elrond, Galadriel, and Cirdan, must leave for Valinor.<br />And Annie Lennox does an absolutely outstanding job with Into the West. It is the perfect song to fall asleep to, or just to light candles and relax. <br />Overall, this album is definately worth every single penny. The other tracks are just as good as those that have received mention (but have slipped my mind at the moment. Heh.). An enjoyable CD for any Lord of the Rings/Howard Shore fan.
B000068FWC|5.0|Supertramp's sixth album is easily their most popular, and each song is a classic.  From the opening keyboards of 'Gone Hollywood' to the closing instrumental of 'Child of Vision', Supertramp never sounded so good.  Each song is just as good as the last, and my favorites are 'Take The Long Way Home' and 'Lord Is It Mine', which are perfect lyrically and even better musically.  'The Logical Song' is the song that got me into Supertramp, and I love it for that, and 'Goodbye Stranger' is one of Davies' best.  Not a single song on here is weak; the album starts and finishes stronger than any other 'Tramp album.  Do yourself a favor and pick up a copy of this great CD; you won't be sorry!
B000002UAO|5.0|Even the critics were awed and impressed when rubber soul was released and they still are,as rubber soul recently was named one of the greatest ever by both rolling stone magazine and vh1!
B000068FY0|5.0|Supertramp hit their stride with '74's &quot;Crime of the Century&quot;, and understandably so; this album has some of the best music and lyrics I've ever heard.  'School' is a great opener; 'Bloody Well Right' is an odd, but good, song; 'Hide In Your Shell' is the best 'Tramp song to date (it's even got a saw in it, how could it not be good?); 'Asylum' is another great song, and worthy of following 'Hide In Your Shell'; 'Dreamer' is good, but a little too pop-sounding for for me; 'Rudy' is a wonderful epic, which sounds more like progessive-'Tramp; 'If Everyone Was Listening' is a good set-up for the final track, 'Crime Of The Century', which is a perfect ending to the first great 'Tramp album (they had two before this), and leaves you feeling full, musically.  This album should not be missed out on, for it is one the top albums I've ever listened to.
B00000JXZ7|3.0|I bought this CD after reading many of the enthusiastic reviews here.  And while I agree that her playing is at times beguiling and masterful, and that the sound quality is astounding, I find much of her phrasing breathless and confused (especially in the Mendelssohn).  She often &quot;swallows&quot; the notes at the bottom end of a run, then scratches back in catching up.  She overplays her hand rather gaudily at times, with no appreciable intent. It is not a &quot;seamless&quot; performance, like that of Heifetz, but broken up into smaller chunks of musical (and emotive) effort.  <br />I applaud her determined effort to take risks and give fresh voice to these pieces, but I find that she doesn't seem to demonstrate that she knows where she's going often enough to gain my full confidence.  I have listened a few times now to both her Bruch and her Mendelssohn performances on this CD, and have found new delights and discoveries -- but just as many disappointments and &quot;so whats?&quot; <br />I think the quality of this recording's technical production is one of its flaws: it's like a sound geek's dynamic-range tour-de-force.  The violin is jammed in your face.  When the orchestra is faint, it's too faint, and when it's loud, well, it fairly bursts.  I think the guys at the mixing console were maybe a little too interested in what they COULD do, and less interested in what was appropriate.  <br />I agree that the recording does in some ways capture the excitement and urgency of a live performance, but quite frankly, it's a CD.  I also purchased a Heifetz recording of the Mendelssohn concerto, and man, I've listened to that bad-boy about 87 times in a row.  But, that's unfair -- the two violinists are nothing at all alike.  <br />In a nutshell: Kyung-Wha Chung will take you on an engaging, sometimes exciting tour of these showpieces.  But she (with a little &quot;help&quot; from her sound crew) is sometimes like a chatty tour guide with a big megaphone.
B000068FXX|5.0|I've probably said this about every 'Tramp album I've reviewed, but this time I mean it: This album is perfect, and is possibly only bettered by &quot;Crime of the Century&quot;.  'Give A Little Bit' is a great song, and has some of the best acoustic I've ever heard; 'Lover Boy' actually makes me laugh (the whole 'He used to have a problem/But he got it fixed!' just makes me giggle); the title track is one of Supertramp's best; 'Downstream' is the weakest song on here, but that's not saying much, because it's still a great song; 'Babaji' reminds me of 'The Logical Song', and it's a good song in it's own right; 'From Now On' is a crisp Davies tune; and 'Fool's Overture' is the perfect closer, and is THE reason anyone should get this CD.  Each song stands alone, and the album couldn't've been better if it was teamed up with &quot;Crime of the Century&quot;.  Highly recommended!
B00023B1A8|4.0|You need to be a bit of a nostalgic hippie, because this is music from a definite time that the hip hop beastie-kid-boyband-covertrash metal punks just aren't going to get. Perhaps those interested in Uncle Tupelo or Wilco or Jay Farrar will want to know where it all came from, but in any case, unless you're over 40, you just aren't going to get it. That's OK. I'd rather you didn't. <BR>For the rest of us, this is a warm, engaging concert propelled by an extraordinarily healthy David Crosby. Crosby was the heart, soul and brains of this outfit, thecreative fire as well as the wizened seer. His inner strength shines through and while Nash and Stills have seen better days as singers and musicians, Crosby continues to age like the most powerful and protean force the world of music has ever known. He hits his marks and covers for both ends of his partners with a voice that is a gift and that has gathered a strength, scope and power with age and experience. No one sings like David Crosby. Inspite of being the one from Southern California, Crosby is the erudite, urbane, witty and philosophically politicized member of the group. He has an incisive mind that comes through in his lyrics, the subtlety of his chord changes. He still writes songs that matter, and his current group, CPR, is every bit the match of this venerable lineup.<BR>But as to the matter at hand, this is a wonderful concert in which each of them performs with a passionate commitment to their music. As many times as I've heard these songs, I love the renditions here. The showis beautifully shot and the Dolby 5.1 sound recreates an incredible acoustic experience. Stills was particulalrly on for the show. His voice has deteriorated the most, but his guitar playing throughout was a model of taste, restraint and finesse. That's quite an accomplishment for Stephen, considering hispenchant for sloppy excess. Nash is still the barefoot lightweight, and he seriously misses the first few harmonies on the opening DejaVu before adjusting his regester and hitting the mark thereafter. The overbearing \\"Cathedral\\" is not as melodramatic as it typically is and \\"Marrakesh Express\\" is reworked, reset perfectly. Unfortunately most of his heartfelt stuff comes off as trite, redeemed solely as an excuse to showcase Crosby's incredible talent for infusing the most banal with meaning by force of delivery. Crosby, as I say, is the wheel here.<BR>By this point, they were in the sunset of their careers. Only Crosby and the Canadian Odd-ball have managed to remain relevant in a shifting musical and political world. Here, they glow in the light of all they managed to surmount and survive. Their best stuff still matters, and reminds you that there was once a point to singing.
B000007492|3.0|This isn't too bad of an intro for Supertramp, and although they are one of my favorite bands, this gets three stars.  Why?  Because they are missing a lot of really good songs (maybe not popular ones, but still good ones).  They could have easily focused on the three other Hodgson-era albums (Crisis? What Crisis?, Even in the Quietest Moments, and ...famous last words...), with songs like 'Fools Overture', 'C'est le Bon', or 'Sister Moonshine', and less on the Crime of the Century album.  But hey, Supertramp has too many 'good' (all right, too many I like) to make a best of.  If you like this, check out Crime through Quietest Moments, you won't be disappointed.  And if you like that, check out the remaining A &amp; M years; Just trust me on this one!
B000000P11|5.0|I don't know why Strange Times gets a &quot;not quite as good as&quot; Script of the Bridge review by most fans. It is in it's own right a great album. The great thing about the Chameleons is that they really do have a timeless sound. They are by far my favorite band of the 80's and while most of my old punk records sit around collecting dust a Chameleons CD always seems to find it's way into my CD player. Like every album you have had for years and over played you take breaks but the Chameleons always make it back into my favorite pile while other bands are quickly forgotten. Mad Jack, Caution, Tears, and their version of John I'm Only Dancing are my favorite tracks from this album while Swamp Thing is one of my all time favorite Chameleons songs for it's subtle layers of sound, fluid changes, and reflective lyrics. Souls in Isolation could be one of their most haunting/depressing tracks of all time. But the album is as solid and satisfying to the listener as any of their other works.
B000001H00|5.0|I have heard the Enescu, Menuhin, Heifeitz, Szerying, Grumiaux, Hahn and numerous other versions...<br />none reaches the level of this recording.<BR> It is not for nothing that he was donned the &quot;prince of the bow.&quot; Ysaye the celebrated virtuouso even refused to teach Milstein he was so extraordinary, saying, <BR>&quot;you can play Bach and Paganini well...what else!&quot;<br />  Milstein lived with these pieces. He talks of how, in his youth Bach's work was not often admired, and thus he explored his sonatas and partitas finding the artistic world they inhabit to be unique.<BR>  One can tell Milstein has lived with these pieces. Every nuance is carved to perfection, in the most spontaneous grace. The flow is mellifulous and each note has something unique to say. If Milstein were to just play the first chord of the first sonata in G minor, I would buy this cd. When I think of his sound now, I feel a kind of thirst take over my body.<BR>   If one were to spend one day listening over and over again for ten hours, to one bar of this recording, the lack of writing achieved explaining the emotional content of each note, would be a disservice to his playing.<br />It's incredible...you must hear it!
B000003TA4|2.0|Many people out there have been blinded by music channels such as MTV and VH1 into thinking that this was the best album of the '90's. That simply isn't true. I know that many people don't agree with me, but I personally think the best album of the '90's was Faith No More's &quot;Angeldust&quot;. <br />To these fans of Nirvana, anyone who calls the band overrated &quot;doesn't know what real music is&quot;. In reality, we could say the exact opposite: &quot;anyone who likes Nirvana doesn't know what real music is&quot;. To put it simply: none of the guys in this band had any talent except for Dave Grohl, and I'd recommend getting a Foo Fighters or Probot album before getting this. <br />Many people are talking about how &quot;Kurt Cobain was such an amazing writer&quot;. Really? Go find any depressed teenager (which shouldn't be hard to find), and I can bet that he/she can write just as good as Cobain. Throughout the entire album, Cobain whines in the same exact monotone voice, yet somehow he gets referred to as &quot;one of the greatest vocalists ever&quot;.<br />It's been said many times before, but Nirvana are just extremely overrated. Sure, they did influence a great amount of people, but just look at some of the bands they influenced: Puddle of Mudd, Creed, and Seether. If you're looking for a good grunge album, pick up an album by Alice In Chains or Soundgarden.
B000002UJQ|5.0|OK Computer is, without a doubt, the most essential album of the past 25 years. A chronicle of human emotions, the album is deep, touching, and surreal. It's like a drug, in that your first time will always be an unforgettable experience. The first time through, the album leaves most in either awe or confusion. I know when I first listened to it, I had never heard anything quite like it.<br />I wasn't even sure if I liked it that much at first, but I kept listening to it. There was some nagging mystery about the album which kept me coming back, wanting desperately to decode its encrypted beauty. The delicate mix of rock and electronica, with the addition of though provoking and heartfelt lyrics, which are backed by Thom Yorke's heart breaking croon, makes this album flawless.<br />The diversity of music here is very colorful. Even one song may contain several songs (Paranoid Android contains almost 3), all so different from one another, but somehow still flowing together in some inexplicable way. The track &quot;Electioneering&quot; reminisces back to &quot;The Bends&quot; days. Thrashing guitars and rock-n-roll vocals make it stand out. &quot;No Surprises&quot; sounds like a broken lullaby, touching and beautiful in its despair. On &quot;Exit Music (for a film)&quot;, the final minute nearly brought me to tears the first time I heard it. Thom Yorke flexes his vocal cords in the highly emotional finish to this dark song.<br />Those who enjoyed &quot;The Bends&quot; and are into more straight-forward rock might be a little put off by this, but I gurantee, will come to love it in very little time.
1400032717|3.0|It begins well, but a quirky narrative structure is not enough to sustain a book in which the plotline is so hackneyed. Christopher's father is a convincing mix of emotions, but the mother is a patronising sketch (her letters, with their contrived spelling errors, are a real low point), suggesting that as a novelist Mr Haddon still has a long way to go. <br />I am aware that this is written as a children's book, but there are far more accomplished writers for children (e.g. Elizabeth Laird, Anne Fine, Alan Gibbons, Geraldine McCaughrean) who can construct an engrossing narrative with recourse to such gimmicks--as that, sadly, is all that Christopher amounts to in this flimsy setting.<br />A promising idea, disappointingly executed.
B000000XB9|5.0|I'll keep this short n sweet.When I was just a child, I found a dog-earred vinyl lp called,&quot;COSMOS FACTORY&quot;by Creedance at a garage sale,I paid .75 cents and played it over and over and over again.I never regreted that small sum,it opened my ears to a band,that just might be the best american band of all-time.I know they were not hip and did drugs,but they are the essence.John Fogerty is a poet,and alot of today's music,can't hold a candle to it.It's like Chuck Berry or Fats Domino,it can't be touched.
B0001Z53AQ|5.0|yeah dude this one has stronger beats and crazier rhymes than the first cd. I didnt really like it at first but when i really listened to it I became hooked. D-Tweezy 4 Lyfe!!
0060589272|5.0|It is not about prostitute name Maria it is not another love story it is beyond words.  Who can't read between the lines may think it is something fun to read about sex. Too bad pals it is nothing like that, the only thought comes to my mind while trying to describe this revolutionary book is - NOTHING BELONGS TO US AND WE HAVE TO LET IT GO SINCE THERE'S NOTHING TO HOLD ON TO. Bravo Paulo!!!
B00003CXCT|2.0|It's great to finally see Star Wars (the original trilogy -- and the best) on DVD.  I just can't believe that he revamped the effects.  Sure, we have better technology now, but the movies weren't made now.<br />Thank God I have the movies on wide-screen laserdiscs which are the *original* non-special edition versions.  If you have a LaserDisc player, go on eBay and buy the laserdisc versions instead.  Sure, the picture might not be as good as a DVD, but it's much better on LD than on VHS.  Plus, the LD is widescreen, not \\"special-edition\\", and it will last a lot longer than a video tape.
6305180261|4.0|Good Guns N' Roses Tape No hype in between the videos all full-length videos.  <br />This film gets 4 stars, because the producer for some stupid reason it didn't feature the guns N' Roses videos to &quot;Civil War&quot;, &quot;It's So Easy&quot;, &quot;Welcome To The Jungle (Live Version)&quot;, And &quot;You Could be mine&quot; These are great songs that deserve to be on this tape and the live videos to &quot;You Could Be Mine&quot; and &quot;Welcome to the Jungle (Live ver.)&quot; Kick ass and should be on this tape with out any question.
1592400876|5.0|I was a proofreader in a previous life, so this book was a perfect fit for me.  It is definitely for those of us who still care about the proper placement of apostrophes, commas and semi-colons.  It is not for writers who think &quot;gr8, CU ltr!&quot; constitutes deathless prose. (Oh, it's so much fun being a grammar curmudgeon!) Truss writes with energy, humor and style; there is absolutely nothing fusty or schoolmarmish about this book, it just reads beautifully.  Her examples of misplaced punctuation are both hilarious and tragic.  For anyone who has corrected their grocer when faced with a sign reading &quot;carrot's&quot;, or wanted to scream over the misuse of its and it's in the daily newspaper, this book is for you.  Sticklers of the world, unite!
B00005ATQ9|5.0|When director Stanley Kubrick lensed a film based on William Makepeace Thackeray's novel &quot;Barry Lyndon,&quot; many fans wondered why. Why would a man who made the science fiction classic &quot;2001: A Space Odyssey,&quot; a film set in the future about man's move into outer space, go so far into the past to film a story about a guy social climbing his way through the nineteenth century English aristocracy? Good question. Fortunately, the answer, if there is one, isn't nearly as important as the fact that Kubrick made the film. &quot;Barry Lyndon&quot; may well rank as the finest piece of cinematic art made in the last thirty years. I personally love watching period piece films, and this movie ranks at the very apogee of the pictures from the genre that are often made but rarely successful. The only other film I have seen that matches Kubrick's eye for detail and flair for style is Eric Rohmer's &quot;The Marquise of O,&quot; another film lifted from the pages of an early nineteenth century writer. Both of these men, but especially Kubrick, seemed to realize that the only way we can understand the distant past is to look closely at the things they left behind. Therefore, &quot;Barry Lyndon&quot; borrows heavily from paintings, letters, and accounts of the era. It's very difficult to spot an anachronism in this film. The movie has a timeless, ageless feel most other period pictures fail to capture.<br />The story follows the trials and travails of an Irishman named Redmond Barry (Ryan O'Neal). Born into poverty on a small farm, Barry first runs into trouble during his teens when he falls in love with his cousin. The family seeks to remove young Redmond from the picture because an English officer, a Captain Quinn, has taken a shine to the girl. If they allow the cousins to marry, the family will not take part in the officer's considerable wealth. Barry refuses to play along, challenging the Englishman to a duel whereupon he promptly puts a bullet through the officer's chest. Whisked away from the scene by family members concerned about the duel, our hero joins the English army as a way to escape from his bleak future. Then comes war, with England fighting nearly everyone else on the continent. Barry, unimpressed with the idea of dying for his king, deserts but soon falls into the hands of the enemy. Faced with the threat of execution, Redmond agrees to join the Prussian Army, which turns out to be worse than his stint with the English. Fortune smiles when the Irishman saves the life of an officer, an officer with connections to the ministry of information. A plot is hatched whereby Redmond Barry will act as a confidante of the Chevalier de Balibari (Patrick Magee), a French diplomat suspected of espionage.<br />De Balibari is actually an Irishman living in exile, a fact that causes Redmond Barry to confess his true identity to the man. The Chevalier, impressed with such honesty, promptly takes his fellow countryman into his confidence. The two form a plan that allows them both to sneak out of the country, whereupon they take up lives as confidence men and swindlers on the continent. It is during his tenure as a card shark that Barry meets Lady Lyndon (Marisa Berenson), a beautiful and extremely wealthy woman married to the ancient, crotchety Sir Charles Lyndon (Frank Middlemass). Redmond ingratiates himself into Lady Lyndon's graces to the point that when her husband dies, the good lady marries our hero. Redmond Barry disappears, replaced by Barry Lyndon, a wealthy man with property, money, and connections. Lyndon knows his success depends on his wife, so he spends enormous sums to curry favor with the court. He hopes to acquire his own title, which would translate into his own property and money deeded him by the Crown. Life isn't all roses, as Barry Lyndon must cope with Lord Bullingdon (Leon Vitali), Lady Lyndon's sullen and hateful son as well as his wife's suspicious assistant Reverend Samuel Runt. Lyndon thinks he's got it made when his wife gives birth to a child, Bryan, who carries the precious noble blood. What goes up must invariably come down, however, as a series of massive tragedies rock the Lyndon household.<br />&quot;Barry Lyndon&quot; is an intriguing film. One wonders why Kubrick made it. Perhaps the director liked the idea of an underclass individual scheming his way into the rigid upper classes of the time. Perhaps the movie is a morality tale about a ruthless scalawag eventually getting what he deserves. If the answer is the latter, I don't think it works. If Barry Lyndon were truly ruthless, he would have seen to it that Lord Bullingdon pulled a disappearing act. Doing so would have assured his child's role as heir of the Lyndon title. Whatever the reasons behind this film, you don't have to worry about it too much to enjoy Kubrick's work. The set pieces and costumes are phenomenal, the acting wonderful, the photography breathtaking. Especially developed for this film was a special camera lens that could work by candlelight. The musical score consists of Mozart, Vivaldi, Bach, Schubert, and Handel.<br />Arguably the best element of the film is the way Kubrick places his characters in a way that resemble paintings of the period. Pay attention to the scenes that take place in the garden where Barry meets Lady Lyndon or the confrontation between Bullingdon and Barry at the gentleman's club. You can literally see characters move into position and pose as though for a portrait. And that final duel! I could watch that scene a million times-and probably have. A wonderful film, &quot;Barry Lyndon&quot; on DVD contains only a trailer as an extra. I'm not complaining too much, though. The movie is more than enough reason to buy the DVD. Watch it and wonder.t it made when his wife gives birth to a child, Bryan, who carries the precious noble blood. What goes up must invariably come down, however, as a series of massive tragedies rock the Lyndon household.<br />&quot;Barry Lyndon&quot; is an intriguing film. One wonders why Kubrick made it. Perhaps the director liked the idea of an underclass individual scheming his way into the rigid upper classes of the time. Perhaps the movie is a morality tale about a ruthless scalawag eventually getting what he deserves. If the answer is the latter, I don't think it works. If Barry Lyndon were truly ruthless, he would have seen to it that Lord Bullingdon pulled a disappearing act. Doing so would have assured his child's role as heir of the Lyndon title. Whatever the reasons behind this film, you don't have to worry about it too much to enjoy Kubrick's work. The set pieces and costumes are phenomenal, the acting wonderful, the photography breathtaking. Especially developed for this film was a special camera lens that could work by candlelight. The musical score consists of Mozart, Vivaldi, Bach, Schubert, and Handel. <br />Arguably the best element of the film is the way Kubrick places his characters in a way that resemble paintings of the period. Pay attention to the scenes that take place in the garden where Barry meets Lady Lyndon or the confrontation between Bullingdon and Barry at the gentleman's club. You can literally see characters move into position and pose as though for a portrait. And that final duel! I could watch that scene a million times-and probably have. A wonderful film, &quot;Barry Lyndon&quot; on DVD contains only a trailer as an extra. I'm not complaining too much, though. The movie is more than enough reason to buy the DVD. Watch it and wonder.
B0001I55OC|2.0|i thought the ad made it look kind of good, but it ended up being very bad. the characters suck and it is almost 2 hours. There was some decent action though.
B0001FR3IQ|1.0|I was really looking forward to watching and liking Gothika, since I enjoy good ghost stories on one hand, and have a soft spot for French directors in general on the other. And being Mathieu Kassovitz's first English language film as a director (the same director who brought us the excellent La Haine and The Crimson Rivers),my expectations were built even more.<BR>But I have to admit that I was sorely disappointed with the film, and this is why, <BR>Although Kassovitz's direction was not bad , the main problem I believe, lies firmly at the hands of  screenwriter Sebastian Gutierrez (who has directed Judas Kiss and is now writing the remake of the masterpiece The Eye). He managed to write a script that is totally predictable,lacking any originality or a fresh treatement of old plotlines.<BR>In any horror film, there is a moment early on,when the tension starts to build up, gripping the viewer increasingly  until the end. I kept looking for that moment in Gothika to start, where I would be totally immersed and involved in the story, but it never came.<BR>Moreover, I am surprised how bland the whole film is..The evil girl/ghost who has comeback to seek revenge on her killer through someone else is a concept that is still  very fresh in viewer's mind from quite recent films, (The Ring, What Lies Beneath, The Eye!!), while the girl looks exactly like the ghost in The Ring but with blond hair..She even has the same expressionsand look!!!<BR>The script also has unforgivable flaws..For instance the ambiguous relationship between Berry and Downey Jr was badly treated, and at the end he just disappears when I expected a proper conclusion that will clear it.<BR>The ending was quite silly!! (and I thought De Niro's tattoos in Cape Fear were over the top!!!)...the Scream reference was quite obvious but very weakly done.<BR>There was also a reference to Sixth Sense right at the very last scene, but it was too predictable and also very silly..So was the supernatural writing on the arm (Not Alone) straight from the 'Help Me' in Exorcist..<BR>Halle Berry 's acting was good as you expect from this wonderful actress, and it is always good to see such a fine actor and actress like Bernard Hill and Penelope Cruz who is gorgeous and sweet in whatever role she is in, but all these talents were sadly wasted.<BR>I know Mathieu Kassovitz can deliver a much better film than this with a good solid script, which unfortunately he did not have.<BR>If you love ghost stories as much as I do, then by all means stick to the classics of the genre like The Innocents, The Others, The Eye or even BWP and forget about this one because the only tension and anxiety you will feel is through constantly looking at your watch, hoping time might pass just quicker.
0446310786|5.0|I selected \\"To Kill a Mockingbird\\" for our book club because it is such a wonderful story. I have read it several times (at least 10) since I was a teen-ager, but never had to read it for school, so I was anxious to discuss the story with others.    Every time I read \\"Mockingbird\\" I learn something new about the characters - why they said and did certain things. Some of our book club discussion focused on Atticus as a parent. He is really not a great parent in the book. Important events in Scout's life (first day of school, Halloween pageant) are not attended by Atticus. The movie portrays him as a much better man.    \\"To Kill a Mockingbird\\" should be required reading for every American. It is hilarious, shocking, suspenseful and thought provoking.
B00005JKLZ|1.0|What a let-down!!!  It started out OK, but quickly went down-hill from there.  Too many unnecessary liberties were taken from the original story.  I would love for Hollywood to produce a version of The Time Machine which is faithful to the original story.  George Pal did an OK job for that time period, but I expected so much more from a modern-day film.  The destruction of the moon sequence was so totally unbelievable, the Jeremy Irons part was pathetic, the fact that 21st Century American/English was spoken 800,000 years in the future was plain ridiculous and the omition of the climax of the book, where the main character travels forward in time, was a huge let-down.  My advice is to skip this one altogther, watch the George Pal version again, and pray the Peter Jackson remakes this film properly.
B00004XQ83|5.0|This is the soundtrack to the Coen brothers' film based loosely on Homer's \\"The Odyssey\\". This soundtrack takes the movie from good to great. The tracks follow the progression of the movie. Nearly an hour of blue-grass music, even if you haven't seen the movie, this is worth having if you like \\"Old-Time\\" Country music and blue-grass. <br />The legend, Ralph Stanley, appears a couple of times here, although his \\"Man of Constant Sorrow\\" is here too, but covered by Dan Tyminski. Stanley's \\"O Death\\" is a haunting tune sung without accompaniment. His voice is sorrowful and full of pain, and will send shivers up your spine. Tyminski's cover is well done and becomes the centerpiece for the movie. The sultry voices of Emmylou Harris, Alison Krauss and Gillian Welch provide a rising rendition of \\"Didn't Leave Nobody But the Baby.\\" Alison Krauss also lends her voice to the spiritual \\"Down to the River to Pray,\\" and joins up again with Gillian Welch for \\"I'll Fly Away\\". The surprise here is Tim Blake Nelson on lead vocals as the dimwitted Delmar on \\"In the Jailhouse Now.\\" <br />Overall, this is a great soundtrack, and well worth owning if you like this type of music. I think the Coen brothers have done a lot with the release of this movie to turn the spotlight onto blue-grass music. This is great music that deserves more than the fifteen minutes of fame it's received.
B0001UL7RY|3.0|Yeah... this CD is OK.  When I first listened to it, I only liked \\"Don't Tell Me\\" and \\"My Happy Ending\\", but having listened to it a few more times \\"Take Me Away\\", \\"Together\\", and \\"Nobody's Home\\" and \\"Fall to Pieces\\" are growing on me. <br />I used to really like and respect Avril, but then I realized that... I don't like her attitude.  Sure, she doesn't run around flaunting her (...), but does that really make her a good role model?  What kind of example is someone who hates everything and rips on other artists all the time?  (for the record I don't recall Britney or Hillary Duff ripping on people constantly, the way Avril rips on them, but that's another story).<br />OK, that's my beef with Avril, here is my beef with this album.<BR>The lyrics are incredibly weak.  They are really cliche, and I can think of at least 4 instances where she rhymes words with themselves.  Come on.  <BR>I think the matrix did a lot more than she gave them credit for, and her songs are missing something without their help.<br />The one song that really bugs me is \\"Who Knows\\"... the intro and verse are good but then the chorus comes in and I'm like \\"...dwah?  What happened\\", because the chorus SUCKS.  OK, seriously, she's got that angry sort of screaming tone, but her lyrics are \\"Who Knows what would happen?  Do what you do just keep on laughing, one thing's true, tomorrow's a brand new day!\\"  Wow, Avril, wow.  She sounds like she's parodying herself.  Sad.<br />Anyways...there was something else.  I can't remember what.  OH yeah.  Avril's music is NOT PUNK ROCK.  Anyone who thinks it is...has obviously never listened to punk rock.<br />That is all.
0596000480|5.0|I have read many books on JavaScript before but this is by far the most comprehansive guide to the scripting language. This book is not for beginners. <BR>I use it as a reference guide. If you know the object's name or the method's name on either client side or server side, you can just look it up in this book's index section and it will reference you to a particular page with detailed explonations and more often then not with examples. <BR>Absolutely love this book
B0000019PA|5.0|When i first saw all the reviews of this CD i though there must be somthing to it. I listened to the little 30 second clips on amazon but found nothing special. For no apparant reason i downloaded &quot;King of carrot flowers Pt.1&quot; on kazza. It blew my mind.  The same day that i heard it i went out and bought the cd. I listened to it 4 times that day, full. I sudgest this cd 2 anyone and everyone. The first time you hear this you dont know if u just heard the best music of your life, or a cat being hit with a mailbox. After 1 or 2 listns your hooked, and theirs no turning back. The beautifufly teribble mix or instruments youve never heard of and stunning lyrics are like no other.
B000084T18|1.0|Word up! Da hizzay blood be boiling like the molten liquid of hades, yo! Da chum below got his act so tight. Tighter than a rubber band with elasticized spring-loaded quiffs. He's right on the money when it comes to knowing when hizzay blood is hot enough to boil. He be right about 50-Cent too. The fool is no pool when it comes to sittin' on a bar stool. 50-Cent orders rounds around the house like a louse in a rubber mouse in a ruckus sound. You ain't no thang but a chicken wing, son. In case you couldn't tell, I think 50-Cent sucks with even more new-and-improved suction my mum's Hoover. Thank god we have guys like that's-his-name below to show all you hizzay boyeeees that, um.... Hmmm. I've seemed to have lost my point as well as me mind. Too much acid. Damn. I'm seein' whacky color pinwheels again with yellow submarines spotting out their cigarettes while alluding to knickers and flashbulbs encased in cryogenic degenerate muggings. Salute me, minions!
1592400876|4.0|As a Brit transplanted to the USA 10 years ago, I was instantly intrigued that a British book about punctuation was in the US bestseller list! How on earth did that happen? After reading the book, I see why. True, there are some specifically English jokes and punctuation rules, but Ms. Truss does try and point out instances where American and British rules differ. Regardless of your side of the Atlantic, this will certainly improve your knowledge of punctuation and I intend to keep it on my desk at work, for reference, from now on. It made me do more thinking about how I could use a semi-colon than I care to share, but shares its message with a great wit. I thoroughly enjoyed it - and recommended it to several of my State-side friends. If you have any interest in language and writing, for work or pleasure, this is a treasure to be discovered. (Of course, now I am wondering how many punctuation faux-pas' I made in this review, so please excuse any you find: I am still in training!)
0380977788|5.0|Everyone seems to have a clear idea in their heads about what kids do and do not want and what kids should and should not want.  There are experts out there that will quote you statistics and parents who will tell you exactly what their children are NOT allowed to read.  I am not an expert in the area of emotional and intellectual growth of children, nor (to come clean) am I a parent.  All my expertise regarding kids comes from my own not-so-long-ago experience as one.  I remember reading the books that I was told were trash and despicable.  Remember the \\"Scary Stories To Tell In the Dark\\" series?  Loved it.  Badly written Apple paperbacks that had titles like, \\"Ghost Cat\\"?  Loved `em.  And had the book \\"Coraline\\" been written in my youth I would have loved it very dearly as well.  Far better written than the books I've already mentioned, the tale is almost certain to be banned, denounced, and derided by overprotective critics.  And it's well worth the publicity, I assure you.<br /><br />Part \\"Alice In Wonderland\\" with a heaping helpful of Roald Dahl thrown in, the story follows our heroine, Coraline.  She's just moved into a big house with her parents. The house is so large, in fact, that Coraline's family only occupies the middle level of the building.  A slightly daft old man obsessed with mice lives on the top floor, and two ladies (once women of the stage) occupy the lower level.  Coraline likes nothing better than to wander around the grounds of her new home, meeting the local stray cat, and viewing the old abandoned (and boarded up) well.  One day she finds the day to be a dank drizzly one.  There's nothing much to do inside, but a useless door in the parlor that leads only to a brick wall catches her eye.  One day, when her parents are out, Coraline opens the door only to find that instead of a brick wall, there's a long dark hallway.  And at the end of the hallways is a house exactly like her own.  And there's her father and her mother...but different.  For you see, this father and mother have buttons instead of eyes, and can promise to give Coraline everything she's ever wanted.  In no time at all, it becomes very clear that Coraline is in direst peril, and that her very soul is being threatened.<br /><br />This synopsis sort of hints at the dank disgusting things found in the story, but I'm unable to convey them properly.  The millions of children that read this will identify with Coraline intrinsically.  She's interested in things that are a little different.  She wants to be original and apart, but her mother and father are only able to give her the things that all good parents try to give.  Love, support, and a sense of stability.  The book is especially excellent at drilling a couple moral lessons home (lessons that I suspect some adults should read and make note of).  These include: 1. Being brave isn't just doing something courageous.  It's doing something courageous when you're afraid and you don't want to do it.  2.  Kids want a lot of stuff but not really.  What kids really want are boundaries and limits, so that they know that their parents love them.  There are other lessons as well, but these are the ones that stick out in my mind.<br /><br />The best way of recommending the book to you is to show you the quote that begins it.  It reads...<br /><br />\\"Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten\\", - G.K. Chesterton.<br /><br />Please don't read this tale and assume the proverbial dragons in it are going to be interpreted by children as existing.  Instead, understand that books like this prove to kids that their deepest nightmares and fears can be beaten if they just use their heads and act intelligently.  \\"Coraline\\" is worthy of all praise I can give it.  What other book has blurbs on its back from Diana Wynne Jones, Terry Pratchett, AND Lemony Snicket?  Many children out there that are drawn to scary stories and frightening tales will love this story.  For everyone else, they can just snuggle up with their \\"Princess Diaries\\" and avoid anything complicated or intellectually challenging.  And a final word?  This book will probably scare the pants off of anyone who reads it.  It's just that good.l love this story.  For everyone else, they can just snuggle up with their \\"Princess Diaries\\" and avoid anything complicated or intellectually challenging.  And a final word?  This book will probably scare the pants off of anyone who reads it.  It's just that good.
B00005JLEX|4.0|This will probally not be what you think Seasons 1 & 2 only have 17 episodes.Seinfeld is probally my third favorite show but the 1st 2 seasons were only worth about 3.5 stars on my estimation I did a little thing from EPGUIDES.COM and found info on every season of Seinfeld.I gave 1 pt to every good episode and 2 pts for every classic episode.<BR>Ex  12(7)-19 Pts 12 Good Episodes 7 of wich or classics<BR>The Rules<br />1-10 Pts-Bad Season of TV<BR>11-15 Pts-Alright season of TV<BR>16-20 Pts-Good season of TV<BR>21-24 Pts-Great season of TV<BR>25+-  Pts-Classic season of TV<br />Here is Season by Season Review with Top Episode<BR>Season 1 & 2-10(5)-15 Pts comes to about 20 -Chinese Restraunt<BR>Season 3    -12(6)-18 Pts a 4 star season-Parking Garage<BR>Season 4    -17(11)-28 Pts classic season-Bubble Boy<BR>Season 5    -16(11)-27 Pts classic season-Non Fat Yogurt<BR>Season 6    -18(8)-26 Pts  classic season-The Secretary<BR>Season 7    -17(14)-31 Pts classic season-Soup Nazis<BR>Season 8    -19(15)-34 Pts Best season   -The Pothole<BR>Season 9    -18(12)-30 Pts classic season-The Strike<br />There you have it Folks the Truth this is recommended
B000002H33|5.0|I pity the people who say that Metallica lacks talent; they obviously haven't listened to music long enough.  I'm not saying they are the greatest band that was ever formed, but if you can seriously tell me that the material on this and most of their CDs requires little or no talent then you are ignorant and a horrible judge of talent.......PERIOD!!  Not only do they have talent, they have musicianship that most heavy metal bands simply do not.  They know not only how to solo but where.  Tempos vary to make things interesting, but they are never choppy to the point where the listener cannot follow the shaping of a phrase.  All of the pieces fall right into place; particularly on this album.  What else can you ask for?  Also, to the moron who worships Linkin Park and Limp Bizkit over Metallica, you should know that Linkin Park and Limp Bizkit are really what's wrong with metal these days: rap + metal = horrible music!! (hell, anything with rap sucks; is it really coincidence that if you add a &quot;c&quot; you get &quot;crap&quot;?)
B000002KHH|5.0|I can still remember finding this record in my dad's collection and just being blown away by the cover of the album.  Now that I look at the cover and I can't quite put my finger on what I thought was so cool about it maybe aside from the sword.  Anyways, it's a damn good thing that I did think that the cover was cool because, that's exactly what got me to give this record a try.  This record is fully responsible for my opinion of what \\"rock &amp; roll\\" should be.  There were many of other records in my dad's collection that affected my opinion of what I think is great music but, this one by far made the largest impression.  When it comes to raising your children, skip The Beatles, wait on The Stones, and go straight Black Sabbath - Paranoid.  This will not only assure that your child doesn't grow up to be a stinky hippy but, it will also give you the satisfaction that your child will have a good grip on what the true meaning of what \\"Rock\\" is meant to be.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I have to say that the Firefly series has got to be one of the most enjoyable programs I have ever seen.  If you love sci-fi, and even if you don't, this is definitely a must-see.  The writing is truly superb and the cast is great as well.  Fantastic action balanced with great comedy.  I HIGHLY recommend Firefly!!!!
B00020HEL6|5.0|I highly recommend this album, but with reservations:<br />The arrangement and vocals for Summertime are spectacular but the second half sounds exactly like striptease music. What were they thinking?<br />Taking a Chance on Love starts out with sultry and mature sounding vocals but then, oddly, Renee switches back and forth to an immature teen voice. Very disquieting to this listener.<br />Is You Is or Is You Ain't My Baby has a winning groove from start to finish and Renee sings it to the hilt.<br />Someone to Watch Over Me is an unqualified masterpiece! <br />Breaking Up Is Hard To Do -- I skip this song whenever I play the CD. I can think of nothing good to say about it.<br />A Love That Will Last is Renee at her finest. This song puts her in the same class as Christina Aguilera.<br />Meet Me, Midnight is perfect as walking or workout music.<br />Sunday Kind of Love is not my cup of tea. Renee's voice is all over the place and sounds like she's struggling.<br />On a Slow Boat to China is very listenable but not very memorable.<br />What a Difference a Day Makes is not a good vehicle for her voice.<br />Midnight At the Oasis -- another masterpiece! Alone worth the price of the CD.<br />Sentimental Journey -- another skipper for me. Sorry.
B000092ZYX|5.0|I've been a fan of Radiohead ever since The Bends came out, and although I began missing those &quot;actual&quot; &quot;songs&quot;, I did really like a lot of the experimentation the fellas had going on with recent albums like Kid A and Amnesiac. HTTT, however, begins to bring all of Radiohead's work full-circle, encompassing not just melodies (actual melodies!!) that you can sing along to, but still the progressiveness Radiohead fans have come to expect from this band of all bands. Hail to the Thief is undoubtedly Radiohead's best work to date. Five stars and a huge thank you to this Oxford quintet for sticking to their guns and giving real, good music to the world during a time when that's something that's really difficult to find.
B0001ZX0PG|5.0|wow, this was a great movie.  my favorite part was when the american ninja monkeys fend off the space aliens at the end.  mystic river deserves an academy award for that scene alone
B00008J4P5|1.0|The only good songs on this album are the first two tracks... Everything else on this album has been done by country greats like Lyle Lovett and Johnny Cash. The White Stripes put on an amazing live show, but their studio albums simply do not rock out. Period. I sold my copy of Elephant to the used record store after only a couple of weeks. My advice: Don't waste the time or money. Meg White sure is cool, though.
B00006690G|5.0|well, he did it again. another great kick ass album. i totally luv this album, i just got it a few weeks ago on my 14th birthday, along wit linkin park's meteora. it's prolly one of the best albums i own right now. this album proves that em really has talent. buy it if u haven't yet. it's worth it
B0000AKI8S|5.0|Muse has struck a perfect chord for this 3rd studio release. Their recent albums have been heavily and probably unfairly been compared with Radiohead. No band should be put up against one other band, Muse have their own style and a great one at that, complex bass lines, Bellamy's haunting voice and some well thought out and played piano, especially in &quot;The Small Print&quot;. Muse uses dynamically charged music to keep it up vibe and interesting. Their heavier songs are adrenalin pumping masterpieces and their soft songs are poignant and memorable. Although this next comment has nothing to do with their music but where are you going to find a better song title than &quot;Thoughts of a dying atheist&quot;? It really makes you think. If you don't like this album at the first listen through, plz let it settle in first, i didn't think much of it until the the third and fourth playings then i was astonished at what i had just heard. Buy it, it'll be worth it.
B000002H97|5.0|why the hell r ppl these days callin this album a &quot;sell-out&quot;? i just don't get it. this album is my fave metallica album. the unforgiven is a wonderful song. also, nothin else matters, sad but true, wherever i may roam, of course, enter sandman. all of 'em r classics.<br />if ur callin this album a sellout, then obviously u haven't really listen to it yet.
B00005JMUA|3.0|Although I am probably going to get many \\"Not Helpful\\" review ratings, I was disappointed by the follow up to the absolutely brilliant Kill Bill Volume 1. When I came out of seeing Volume 1, I could not stop reliving the amazing sequences, choreography, humor, music, and fundamental originality from one of my favorite directors. While some critics dismissed Vol. 1 as all show and no substance, I for one believe that there is ample room for movies to create their own universe. The elegance of the fight sequences (especially the heavenly final bout between the characters played by Uma Thurman and Lucy Liu) are worth the price of admission. One could argue that Tarentino was showing off, but he has the craft to do so and make an audience take notice. But enough about Kill Bill Volume 1 and on to Volume 2.<br />I went in to see Volume 2 with high expectations and had heard that the movie was less visceral and more cerebral than its predecessor, which seemed to please those who had found Volume 1 to lack heart. While it's hard to disagree with that, I for one found myself wanting to like this movie so much, yet not being able to do so for extended periods of time.<br />The Good:<br />Uma Thurman's role in Volume 2 requires even more of her, both physically and in emotional terms and she nails all of her scenes.<br />Quentin Tarantino's stylized direction is simply a marvel. He changes not only hues but styles and genres that are homages to his heroes but never rips them off. The black and white scenes are gorgeous, especially the one in which The Bride exits the chapel to meet Bill for the first time in this movie. The light and absolute stillness of the camera elevates that scene to high art.<br />The fight sequences, while not anywhere as outrageous and colorful, as those in Volume 1, are a marvel as they find the humor and humanity while being executed like heart surgery. There is a scene between Daryl Hannah and Michael Madsen and another between Hannah and Thurman that show how to stage suspense in the smallest of scales versus those in Volume 1.<br />One of the most effective sequences in the movie involves one of the characters being put in a tight situation (don't want to give too much away) and how she manages to deal with it is truly a cinematic masterpiece. There is a scene basically fades to black and you hear some noises that are more frightening than anything that the \\"horror\\" genre has to offer.<br />Volume 2 really grounds some of the motivation for what occurred in Volume 1 and gives both The Bride and Bill valid reasons for doing what they do. Both Thurman and David Carradine shine in their scenes together and many unanswered questions get their due explanation.<br />The Bad<br />The movie spends way too much time at the beginning reminding us of what transpired in Volume 1 and I don't think it is necessary even for those who did not see Volume 1.<br />While some are praising Michael Madsen's performance (I've loved the actor in many of his performances, especially Reservoir Dogs and Thelma and Louise), I was bored by him and unlike the rest of the cast, he seemed to be in another movie.<br />Too much non-essential dialogue that took away from the narrative. Although Tarantino has a gift for dialogue as proven in Pulp Fiction and the underrated Jackie Brown, here the words seem scattered or didactic depending on the scene.<br />The first 40 minutes of the movie were a big yawn, and I've never ever experienced that with Tarentino. You may call it lack of sophistication on my part, but much of the \\"witty\\" dialogue at the church was not funny nor thought-provoking. Even the small details that the massacre really took place ..... instead of ..... are extraneous.<br />Daryl Hanah does not get enough screen time. Although I am not a big fan of hers (except in my guilty pleasure Summer Lovers), Tarantino shortchanges the fans as he has created a character that was so enticing in Volume 1 and promised to be much more prominent in Volume 2.<br />The Solution<br />While I give Volume 1 5+ stars, this one warrants 3 stars as I don't think it holds up well in and of itself. Although marketing considerations and even artistic ones made a compelling case to present this story in two parts, I think that the movie would have worked even better by trimming some scenes and releasing it as one. If Tarantino was able to work anime into Volume 1, he could have certainly worked with the arc of The Bride's \\"work\\" into one 10 star movie even if the director and Miramax executives keep insisting that it works better this way. I disagree and would have loved to see a 3 to 3  movie (it would not have been unprecedented) in which I could experience the entire journey in one sitting.<br />Seeing the closing credits confirmed my belief that Volume 2 would have worked better incorporated into Volume 1. Instead of having to look back at how much I enjoyed Vivica Fox, Lucy Liu, The 5-6-7-8's, (just to name a few) I could have seen the flash and the heart in one sitting. Having said this, it's never a waste to see ANY of Tarantino's work. my review just reflects that while Volume 1 can stand alone, Volume 2 did  not stand alone well for me. I was still amazed and thrilled in parts, but boredom is something that one should never ever experience in a Tarantino movie as he's always putting something in every scene to keep you engaged. I can't wait for his next flick.nent in Volume 2.<br />The Solution<br />While I give Volume 1 5+ stars, this one warrants 3 stars as I don't think it holds up well in and of itself. Although marketing considerations and even artistic ones made a compelling case to present this story in two parts, I think that the movie would have worked even better by trimming some scenes and releasing it as one. If Tarantino was able to work anime into Volume 1, he could have certainly worked with the arc of The Bride's \\"work\\" into one 10 star movie even if the director and Miramax executives keep insisting that it works better this way. I disagree and would have loved to see a 3 to 3  movie (it would not have been unprecedented) in which I could experience the entire journey in one sitting.<br />Seeing the closing credits confirmed my belief that Volume 2 would have worked better incorporated into Volume 1. Instead of having to look back at how much I enjoyed Vivica Fox, Lucy Liu, The 5-6-7-8's, (just to name a few) I could have seen the flash and the heart in one sitting. Having said this, it's never a waste to see ANY of Tarantino's work. my review just reflects that while Volume 1 can stand alone, Volume 2 did  not stand alone well for me. I was still amazed and thrilled in parts, but boredom is something that one should never ever experience in a Tarantino movie as he's always putting something in every scene to keep you engaged. I can't wait for his next flick.
B00008H2LB|5.0|the album is great. i jus got it a few weeks ago, on my 14th birthday, and...well i luv it. LP rox. i just don't get y some ppl hate 'em, wat DO u expect from a band?<br />again, this album kix ass. it's a must-buy!
B0000AQVCL|5.0|The only real rock out there.... simple as that. You like classic rock as opposed to todays yelling and screaming than these aussies are for you. Do yourself a favor and add these guys next to your ac/dc cd on your shelf.
B0001UL7RY|3.0|my little cousin bought the cd and played it for me in the car and im not a Avril fan or the poppy teen music. but one song really impressed me .&quot;together&quot; what a hot song!!!. superb vocal performance.i didnt know she was capable of those notes.what a cool song.her new cd has a more mature feel(although some songs are still teen angst-like for my taste,im 27) and those who have a open mind this one should appeal to a wider audience.
B000268QB2|5.0|The album was recommeneded from a friend and from first listen I was hooked. With melodies that transcend genre the music is sure to enlighten. I am a huge fan of coldplay and usually listen to their music several times a week, with the intro of Keane that has since changed. Keane will be in my car, cd player, and on at work for some time, I am sure of it.
0553296981|4.0|I loved this book. It really gives you a better idea with what really happened. It is an interesting,serious book. I reccomend it to everyone.
B000066NW0|1.0|Do you like collections of virtually identical, completely fabricated songs about poseurs and 'being yourself?' Well, then if you can wade through the terrible, grating lyrics, the shrill voice and a modicum of flawed melodies, you can treat yourself to this overplayed mass-media catering pap. With the impressive lyrical flair of constant 'na na na nas' and 'yea-ee-aahs,' you'll never get tired of the mind-numbing repetition! It's also really cool to spell your song-names and lyrics with (outdated) internet speak.
0440237688|5.0|The Giver by Lois Lowry is a wonderful book. Once I started reading it I could not put it down. It is about a boy named Jonas. He is turning 12. When you reach this age you are assigned a job. When they are calling out names they skip him. That is where the book gets exciting. He later finds out that he is going to be trained by The Giver. The Giver has memories that know one else has. They are filled with pain,love,sadness,fear,hate,lonleness,and color. In Jonas's world everything is grey and plain. I loved this book because the ending is something that you decided. The only reason i was disapointed was because there isnt a 2nd book. I would reccomend this book to everyone. It is a great book that everyone should own!
B00006879E|1.0|How can anyone honestly be deceived by this crap? Come on, funk rock? When did that ever become good? I feel sorry for all these people that are buying this album in droves for one tailor-made radio track and find that they paid full price for one song they're going to be tired of in a couple weeks. Not to mention the over budgeted video clip that displays the skinny not so hot frontman crooning to a young naked girl. Where do you people who give it 5 stars get your taste from? Wal-mart? Hold on, I don't want to know.
1592400876|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this hilarious book.  Her humor is very British; I wonder whether some reviewers here just didn't get the joke.  If you're looking for a serious reference book on punctuation, particularly American punctuation, you're probably better off getting a copy of the Chicago Manual of Style.<br />If you're looking for a fun read where you might learn a thing or two along the way, this might be for you.
B000026C3T|5.0|Wow , this cd is so awesome, I normally listen to Zeppelin on vinyl and decided that i needed a portable way to listen to my fav. band so looked for the best cd possible and this is it. I am a huge music fan and this is one of the best if not the best cd i've ever bought. Really buy it you'll like it.
B0001US8EO|5.0|Kevin Costner doesn't get credit for being as good of an actor as he really is. It's nice to be able to see Warner Bros. release a film in the Western genre that, for once, doesn't have anything to do with Clint Eastwood. Val Kilmer's portrayal of the same character in &quot;Tombstone&quot; wasn't nearly as good as the one in this edition. I don't own the Digital Video Disc yet, so I'm not sure if I read something correctly which said that the actual three-hour feature is split onto two discs. I really hope it isn't. <br />If you enjoy this biography of Earp, it won't seem like three hours. I have ADD and I can still sit through it. This movie and Nixon are the only three hour movies that I can sit through.
0767002652|5.0|I was just a toddler when the series first aired in the 70's, but from earing about the masterpiece theather references on PBS always wandered what all the fuzz was about.<br />This is a definite work of art, it should be considered a gem of the british television history. The acting is superb and the dialogues between the characters are fascinating in the emotional highs and lows that are transmitted in each episode.<br />My advise for the potential viewer is to view the series from episode 1 in order to fully appreciate how the characters develop and mature. There are some that grow and others that decay over time, but very interesting to see the dynamics of it.<br />Hudson, the buttler, for me is the best, with it's total devotion to the old order and his place in the social structure prevalent at the time, he seems to signify the DOWNSTAIRS. I imagine that is how the real buttlers acted at the beginning of the past century. <br />Finally, Lady Marjorie's character is exquisite in her representantion of the quintesential high class lady (UPSTAIRS) she is serene, classy and totally controlled in her behavior and emotions (altought sometimes she lets go letting us know that she is human after all).<br />Definite classic....
0790729725|4.0|Why oh why was this disc made so that you have to flip it over halfway through? I'm lazy. I don't like having to get up like that.
B0000AFQS0|5.0|This DVD is phenomenal. Extreme care - and as much passion - went into the restoration of making this one of the best rock DVD presentations ever. The Who was the greatest band on earth, and even today, they still are one of the best. Originally released in 1979, this movie chronicled the band's time with original drummer Keith Moon, who sadly died the previous fall (Sept. 1978). The color is rich with many textures - notice the sweat on Pete's forehead during &quot;Won't Get Fooled Again,&quot; which wasn't apparent in previous, inferior video versions. Entwistle's isolated bass tracks on &quot;WGFA&quot; and &quot;Baba O'Riley&quot; will remind everyone what a pioneer the Ox was on the bass.<BR>As a response to &quot;a viewer from the UK,&quot; how can you call Daltrey and Townshend &quot;two old rockers&quot; pretending to be what they were, now simply being &quot;their own tribute band.&quot; It's odd that people like you say this, being the fact that the only reason why Moon and Entwistle no longer are in the band is because they passed away. Watch this new DVD's interview with Daltrey and listen to his memories of watching a rough cut of this film with Moon. Pay close attention to Daltrey's face as his voice pauses, and then tell me that Moon and Entwistle wouldn't be in The Who if they were alive today. Rubbish. I always have to laugh at people when they make reunion tour jokes and bash The Who now - 99.9 percent of those people have never even seen The Who in concert after Moon died. Talk to someone who actually saw them on their 2000 tour, and be prepared to be told how they were blown away by the band's roaring performance.I saw them on that tour in Aug. 2000, the last tour with Entwistle and the first post-1982 tour where Pete was the only guitarist onstage, and they were brilliant. Entwistle sounded better that night than anything I had heard before, including &quot;Live At Leeds.&quot; (I've been a bass player for 20 years). It's still The Who today aslong as Pete and Roger call it that. (Zak Starkey has been with them longer now than Kenney Jones was). It's not quite the same, granted, but it's as much The Who today as it is The Rolling Stones today. The Stones have had more personnel changes over the years than The Who ever did (and I like The Stones too).<BR>Anyway, this is a fantastic DVD that surpasses the quality of the original VHS tapes (which were sped up!) and laser discs. A must-buy for any rock and roll fan.<BR>Peace
B00005AQGH|2.0|I like Tupac, but \\"The 7 Day Theory\\" is a mediocre piece.<BR>Its not good, its not bad, its just so mediocre it can be.<BR>I think both hes best lyrics, rap and flow is introduced in \\"Me Against The World\\" <BR>The best melodies and variation in \\"All Eyez On Me\\" <BR>And the best individual songs in \\"2Pacalypse Now\\" & \\"Strictly For My N.I.G.G.A.Z\\" (brendas got a baby, keep ya head up, trapped, point the finga, strictly for my niggaz, souljas story)<BR>Its not a totally boring album, good songs emerge here and there but when its mixed up with boring opposites its not funny..<BR>As an example, \\"Toss It Up\\" is a song on Greatest Hits, and i cant believe it.. <BR>that song is so horrible both the melody, lyric and rap, in my opinion one of hes absolute worst.<BR>And I really cant stand the strange sounds he makes in the song \\"Krazy\\" : <BR>\\"I see blodds and crips runnin up the hill, <BR>Lookin for a better waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay.. <BR>My brothas and sistas it's time to bail, <BR>Cuz even thug niggas praaaaaaaaaaaaaaay..\\"<BR>It seems like hes trying to make the rhyme better just by extend the last words (waaaaaaay, praaaaaay) and it sounds bad.<BR>And its many other things I dont like about some songs.<BR>Maybe im \\"too\\" negative right now, so im jumping to the good things : <BR>There is good songs, very good songs.. and one of them is my all-time favourite Tupac song called \\"Blasphemy\\" (probably surprising many Tupacfans whos reading this).<BR>Dark melody and I think the lyric is real good especially this :<br />\\"I got advice from my father <BR>All he told me was this<BR>Nigga get off your ass <BR>If you plan to be rich<BR>There's ten rules to the game<BR>but I'll share with you two <BR>Know, niggas gon' hate for whatever you do <BR>Now rule one get yo cash on M.O.B. <BR>That's Money Over Bitches cause they breed envy <BR>Now rule two is a hard one <BR>Watch for phonies <BR>Keep yo enemies close nigga <BR>Watch yo homies <BR>It seemed a little unimportant <BR>When he told me Ismiled <BR>Picture jewels being handed <BR>to an innocent child <BR>I never knew in my lifetime <BR>I'd live by these rules <BR>Initiated as an outlaw <BR>Studying rules <BR>Now papa ain't around <BR>So I gotta recall or come to grips <BR>of being written on my enemies wall <BR>Promised if I have a seed <BR>I'ma guide him right <BR>Dear Lord don't let me die tonite..\\"<br />and this one : <br />\\"The preacher want me buried why <BR>Cause I know he a liar <BR>Have you ever seen a crackhead <BR>that's eternal fire <BR>Why you got these kids minds, thinkin that they evil <BR>while the preacher bein richer you say honor God's people <BR>Should we cry, when the Pope die, my request <BR>We should cry if they cried when we buried Malcolm X <BR>Mama tell me am I wrong, is God just another cop <BR>waitin to beat my ass if I don't go pop\\"<br />Another awesome song is \\"To Live And Die In L.A\\" which cool melodies and great rap<BR>\\"Just Like Daddy\\" is a nice one and \\"Me And My Girlfriend\\"/\\"Hail Mary\\" is two listenable songs but not especially good..<br />Tupacs most overated, but have some good things..
B00014K5TQ|3.0|I've never read the book, I've never even known a &quot;club kid&quot; and before I saw this movie I'd never even heard of James St. James or Michael Alig. Realize that I write this review from this standpoint.<BR>I enjoyed the movie, though I appear to be the only one I know who did. I thought Culkin's performance was remarkably (if not a little too) convincing as the ambitious, egocentric and utterly uninhibited Michael Alig. Seth Green's performance was almost as inspired and (despite how few scenes in which he actually appeared) Marilyn Manson (who I'm sure got jacket billing simply to boost sales) added to the giddie/creepie humor and overall mood of the movie. That said, it must be pointed out that the direction failed on more than one occasion. Though some scenes were executed nigh brilliantly, others made me feel I was watching a BBC afterschool teen drama. More or less forgivable. Art direction was amazing for a movie of this scope (and presumed budget). I've watched it a couple times, and will probably never watch it again for the simple fact that, as ammusing and intriguing as it may be, it's just not very watchable and leaves the viewer with the question: what the hell was that?<BR>This movie was obviously made for specific cult culture; for those people who have either read the book, researched the incidents or were in someway connected to the &quot;scene&quot; that forms the backdrop of this movie. If you fall into this category, I'm sure you'll love it. If you like off-the-wall and off-the-beaten-path movies, you'll probably get a kick out of it as well. For anyone else: watch at your own risk. You may find yourself prancing around using the word &quot;fabulous&quot; at an inordinate frequency, or otherwise feel the intense need to scrub your brain off with steel-wool and turpentine.
B0002DB0FO|5.0|This series, which just finished it's second season on the WB network, is the perfect mix of comedy, drama, characters, and storylines.  The show its self is about a family (the Browns) that move from New York City to the small town of Everwood after the passing of their mother.<br />From creator Greg Berlantini, comes a powerful series, that at first explores how a family must come to gripes with the death of a love one, but eventually evolves into a dramedy about getting on with one's life, with the beautiful Colorado Back Drop.<br />One of the best things Everwood has going for it is it's very talented cast.  Treat Williams plays Dr. Andy Brown, Gregory Smith plays Ethram, Emily VanCamp plays Amy Abbott, while John Beasley, Tom Amandes, and Chris Pratt fill in the supporting cast.  Not to mention the amazing Debra Mooney, who plays the tuff-as-nails Grandmother to the Abbott Clan.<br />Over the course of the 23-episode first season, the show manly surrounds the ongoing story of Collin Heart, a boy who was put into a comma after a car accident.  But the overall arc of the season is not what makes this show so specail, its the stand-alone episodes which provide positive information on many subjects families should talk about but don't: Teen Drinking, Pregnancy, Abortion, Dieing Family Members, and so on.<br />Once again Warner Brothers had put together an amazing set of episodes from an ubelievably wonderful show, complamented by special features (4 commentaries, deleted scenes, and behind-the-scenes featurrettes).  Also recamended \\"Gilmore Girls - The Complete First SEason.\\"
6305095442|5.0|Gorier, better, and over all a much better movie than the First. Bloody stabbings, chainsaw action, rotting corpses, removal of body parts, decapitations and lots of blood and green goo.
B000002540|5.0|Anytime I have a friend over who is a virgin to the music of Blue Oyster Cult, I put on the song Last Days of May. Within a 10 second period, the virgin will scream out &quot;who is this Band?&quot;<BR>The second question is &quot;who is the guitar player?&quot; Then I will proceed with other albums form this great group and the virgin will become a member of the Cult.  Switching gears, this is what a true live album sounds like, because it was taped and not cleaned up.  You can smell the people, the smoke, the beer, the amps, etc..I just wish the young mucis fans could be exposed to BOC, but unfortunately MTV killed this kind of Rock, and in turn killed the truth.
B00000G3Q4|4.0|Way to much gore for my liking. But on the other hand, I just thought the acting was pretty good. Everything in this movie is shown, it is incredibly graphic, and there is one absoutley disturbing scene where, a girl gets violently rapped by a tree. Bloody stabbings, axe chopping, decapitation by shovel, dead people returning back to live, white eyeballs, rotting corpses and much much much more gore and graphic violence. Keep in mind, this is why this movie is rated NC-17: for substantial graphic horror violence and gore. *thanks to [...]
B000268QB2|3.0|This is not normally my type of album at all. I mean I enjoy the occasional piano-driven rock/pop band from time to time. Ok well really just Ben Folds (and, I suppose, Muse if you want to count them) now that I think of it. Its not that I don't enjoy piano in my rock bands, its just that they tend to sound the same to me, and remind me of Billy Joel, who for a variety of reasons I can't stand.<br />These guys are a piano band. They have no guitarist, and therefore... no guitars. Bands with no guitars do not tend to spend time in my cd player.  After all, no guitars tends to equate with pop music, in my mind, and generally speaking I don't like pop music.<br />So what does this band have? Well for one thing, an amazing vocalist. He might have a better voice than the lead singers of either Muse or the Darkness. Maybe not quite the same range as either, but on some tracks he really does remind me of Freddie Mercury, not in his high notes (like Hawkins) but more in the way his voice is so full and commanding, the way it holds your attention. The band fills out their sound with some electronic touches. They sound somewhat similar, I suppose, to Coldplay or Travis, two bands I like, but hate to admit that I like... bands on the edge between being rock bands and being pure pop musicians. Sorry to Coldplay fans if they find that offensive.<br />I guess add these guys to the list. They make those sort of songs that bridge the gap between rock and pop music... which I guess to me means they make songs of substance, even if the lyrics, in the hands of a lesser band, would remind you of a cheesy pop star love ballad (and yes, thats why I think people say they remind them of Coldplay... read the lyrics to The Scientist and tell me those aren't pop vocals...)<br />Regardless, don't expect to rock out to this cd in your car, but its enjoyable counter-programming when you start to tire of all the retro/garage/new wave bands that you've been listening to. At least, thats what it isfor me.<br />The two tracks that stood out the most are definitely track one and track six, and those two tracks alone are good enough to buy this cd.  Hopefully next time out, though, the rest of the songs will be of the same quality.
B000063DIR|1.0|Seriously.... This is a cheap re-issue without Bob Daisley &amp; Lee Kerslake. Even worse, Daisley wrote almost all of the lyrics on Blizzard and Diary. I have pledged, never again will I spend so much as a penny on anything Osbourne related. Boycott the re-issues. If I want any of the non-fake Ozzy albums, I will buy them used. This reissue is about as cool as an AOL CD.<br />Ozzy, while having a bit of talent back in the day, is now as commercial as Britney Spears. Most anything he has done lately is written by hired songwriters, his band is basically a bunch of hired goons. This is coming from a guy who used to talk about how great Ozzy is, as with the other 50 or so \\"boycott this garbage\\" reviews here. These re-issues are the nails in Ozzy coffin, and effectively demonstrate his (and Sharon's) lack of respect for his/their own legacy. I'm disgusted.<br />Shame on you Ozzy.<BR>Shame on you Sharon.
B0001NBMBC|4.0|Now don't get me wrong. I consider myself to be a fan of Slipknot, and have been since I first heard &quot;Wait and Bleed&quot; at a friend's house. I thought that &quot;Slipknot&quot; was a very good album, &quot;Iowa&quot; was an amazingly good album, and even got into Slip-lite, a.k.a. Stone Sour. Hey, I'm a sucker for a good ballad, so sue me, &quot;Bother&quot; was a kickass song.<br />  Anyway, more to the point, &quot;Vol 3&quot; is a slightly different direction for Slipknot (the incorporation of softer, even acoustic, songs), it is still a very powerful album. &quot;Duality&quot;, the first single, is as great a song as any of their previous work, and &quot;Pulse of the Maggots&quot; also screams of the Slipknot of old. Now a lot of old fans keep saying &quot;Slipknot shouldn't sing, yada yada yada...&quot; and they are free to their opinions, but the fact is, Corey Taylor is an amazing singer, and his layered work on &quot;Vermillion Pt. 1 and 2&quot; is some of the best he's ever done. The problem is, when someone loves a band, they want that band to never change. They want it to always be the same thing they can go back to. So when a band tries something new, there will always be those who are taken aback by it.<br />  So, for those of you who want an introduction to Slipknot, this is actually a good album for it, as it is far more accessible to those not used to Slipknot's aggression. And I also recommend it for older fans who have an open mind about their music. If all you like is heavy metal music, this isn't for you, but if you can get into softer, lighter rock mixed in with the heavyness, check this album out.
B0000C7PRY|5.0|En espaol: Ex-ce-len-te. Si te gusta la msica pica, el metal o el rock progresivo, ms all de que el cambio de tu moneda con respecto al dlar te favorezca o no, este disco es una obra de arte. <br />In english: <br />This CD is great. Is the natural evolution of the best song of Transatlantic, &quot;Stanger in your soul&quot;. It's like some kind of autobiography, with all the humours, the ups&amp;downs that could take place in any life: from sadness to happiness, from sunset to sunrise... Maybe I don't take religions as seriously and deeply as Neal  do; I 'd rather prefer to believe that there's is a God/Energy/Supreme being that let us live in freedom, reaching the path of wisdom as we grow older. Unfortunately, Religions&amp;gouvernments through out the history of mankind always lead us into war... (Irak, First&amp;Second World War, The inquisition, etc). Beside the religious tinge of this magnificent cd, surrounded with very epic&amp;classical strings, there's the unsurpassable fierce of Mike Portnoy's Drumming. He's one of the greatest drummers of all time. As I said, to me this CD is the evolution of a song, in the same sense I'd like to say that Mike Portnoy is the evolution of Bonzo, The XXI century's John Bonham. If you're into epics, buy it!
B0001UL7RY|5.0|WOW! The album is sooo great but you would expect me to say that seeing as i am a huge fan. But, if you have the first album you can see how much the little lady has grown on this record. Her lyric's speak her mind and her voice is more edgy.<br />The best tracks on the album are, in my opinion, 'He Wasn't' 'Freak Out' and the punk-fuelled 'I Always Get What I Want.'  The feel good track 'Who Knows' never fails to make me feel up-lifted showing that Avril can actually do happy!<br />Without a doubt this album is miles better than the last and you can relate yourself to so many of her songs so, go buy it!
0385336810|5.0|This is SUCH a great book. I don't usually laugh out loud when reading, but this book, or any by Kinsella, all make me do so. I absolutely loved this book, and really hope she comes out with a second. Ok, so it is a little predictable, but thats what makes it fun, because you know what is going to happen, but you don't know how it possible could with all the little obstacles in the way. To those of you who didn't like this book, you're probably a guy or have no sense of humor. TTFN!
0765310015|5.0|The begining is tough, as many people will admit, but the end is surely worth it. Erikson writes in a very graphic form, much like Martin, and he has some very dramatic ending(though not in gardens of the moon) like Martin too. The good thing is, he hasn't read Martins books(though he says he is interested) so even though they incorperate much of the same things into their stories, they are really nothing alike.<br />Erikson is a paleontologist, so as one might expect, the history in his books is beyond compare. There is over 100,000 years of known history in his books, and only five of ten books are completed.<br />Another good thing about Erikson is that he continually writes great books. None of them have been below great, and some have been extraordinary. And not only that, but unlike Martin, Erikson releases one book a year, and most of his books are over 800 pages long.<br />So, if you want a great read, from a great author, check out Erikson now!
B00005JLK1|1.0|Ghost ship was a film I expected a lot more out of. The opening sequence was intersting enough but the film does not live up to the expectations. I feel like the opening sequence should give you an idea of what to expect from the film not be the most interesting and gorest part of a horror film. I believe this scene was have been more appropriate for the climax of the film not a tool to get you to sit through the whole film expecting more and more and getting less and less. The acting was mediocre at best and the story had many plot holes. Don't waste your time on this dud......jery
0345452577|4.0|Many reviews here stated that this novel by Jonathan Kellerman not as good as his other novels with Alex Delaware as a main character. I disagree. It's just different. Despite similar medical background, which could be expected, a lot in this novel, including a pace, is different. Maybe many readers started this novel having certain expectations based on previous Alex Delaware works and got disappointed but this difference doesn't make it worse. Granted, there are a few weaknesses (for example, antics of members of 'conspiracy club' sometimes seems silly or the ending may feel not very convincing) but I totally disagree with reviews that say that this book doesn't have a suspense.  Although maybe the book has less action we used to find in the author' other books this one kept me very intrigued. Overall, recommended to all Jonathan Kellerman' fans.
B000065RMP|5.0|Wow, what can I say. If you have any inkling to expose yourself to beautiful music, then this CD is for you. Sigur Ros has quickly become a staple in my CD player, and I am sure it will for you. <br />This is what RadioHead has been trying to achieve, and Tom Yorkes invite to have Sigur Ros open for them only solidified my decision to purchase this disc. <br />Agaetis Byrjun , and () - another phenomenal piece of music, have the potential to change your music habits forever. The haunting vocals (which are not in any language I recognize) will stay in your head long after the CD has stopped.<br />The first time I listened to this it was like a whole new world of music was opened to me. I can only imagine this is exactly how people felt when first exposed to Dark Side of the Moon. The arrangement of instruments is simply stunning, and will have your emotions dancing all over the place. <br />Please do not let this CD get away from you. Ask your friends, and anyone else who has a broad view on music, they will likely agree.
B00005JMUL|2.0|I have been looking forward to this film for a couple of years now since I first heard about its upcoming realease on animated-movies.com and may I say was highly disappointed by the trailer. When I saw the first snip of animation I immediately thought that it was live action but with some odd touch. As Mr. Zemmicks has attempted to create an almost believable world on the computer I wonder \\"why not just create it and film it?\\". It would look a lot better and would be way cheaper to produce.<br />Aside from the animation there was very little else to comment on inside the trailer. There were very few lines spoken and very few scenes shown. Since this was a full-leignth trailer I would definitely considder this to be a hint towards what to expect of the quality of the film. With Mr. Zemmicks amazing directing abilities I would have expected a lot of expansion on the children's book's themes and storylines, but it doesn't appear to be so.<br />Although this might be a fun holiday movie to go see simply for the sake of seeing a Christmas film, I would definitely not recommend it for viewing outside of that purpose.<br />If one were considdering going to see this movie simply to see some of the ground-breaking realistic animation I would say you probably won't be disappointed. It's not perfect, but it's miles beyond even what PIXAR has thus accomplished. But aside from the animation, there doesn't appear to be much story or anything else.<br />Mathew Brett Wharton
B0000AQS0F|5.0|With it's well rounded characters, interesting dialogue and special effects that help the story along rather than overpower it, Firefly is the place to go for all of us disgruntaled Star Wars fans to flock to. If Sci Fi is your thing, watch these DVDs now, because next years biggest Sci Fi movie isn't going to be Star Wars: (insert silly subtitle here), it's going to be Serenity, the movie based off of this short lived gem.
B0001UL7RY|5.0|I bought the CD shortly after buying the first one, I'm a guy so not many songs can apply to me... without changing a few words. To anyone who reads this, it's an awesome CD, it's not just for skaters, it has a little of everything mixed in, &quot;Don't Tell Me&quot; is an excellent song if your the type of person who has had bad relationships and want something to relate to, &quot;Slipping Away&quot; is a song that can relate to anyone who has lost a loved one. I can't make you buy the CD, all I can do is tell you it's awesome, and it can apply to most everyone.
0783235607|4.0|For those who love Hitchcock films, this is a must see. I can only imagine how shocking this film must have been for audiences of the  1950s with its protrayl of sexual desire, nudity (cleverly filmed)and sexual deviance.  Hitchcock starts off the first half of the movie with one plot, that of Marion, her love affair with a divorcee and her stealing money from her boss, and the second half is that of Norman Bates, the nervous Mama's Boy and hotel owner. He totally shifts the viewer's mind into a different direction with this plot twist. This is the true genius of Hitchcock. Everyone talks about the infamous shower scene but I found the aftermath, the cold, methodical way that Norman Bates covers up the murder, to be far more chilling. Especially the scene where he pushes Marion's car into the quicksand, the look on his face when the car stops before it finally goes under...classic (Anthony Perkins is brilliantly cast). The parts that don't work for me are the murder of the detective (more comical than scary when he falls down those stairs), and the psychologist's explaination of Norman Bates' psychosis (he's so arrogant you want to kick him in his teeth). But overall you leave the film utterly disturbed, which I think was Hitchcock's whole intention.
6305256209|5.0|Many people rank 1973's \\"The Exorcist\\" right up there as one of the best, the scariest, and the most disturbing motion pictures of all time.  And rightly so, in my opinion.  All of these adjectives do indeed apply to this landmark horror film.<br /><br />\\"The Exorcist\\" started scaring the living daylights out of movie-goers when it premiered in U.S. theaters on Wednesday, December 26, 1973.  It's a movie that possesses that magic combination of elements to unsettle almost anyone watching it.  I imagine even those who think they are immune to being scared by simply a movie find themselves getting a shiver or two during some of the classic and well-remembered scenes that are in this film.<br /><br />In my view, some of the most chill-inducing scenes in the movie are BEFORE Regan becomes fully possessed by evil forces.  E.g.: There's a scene in which Regan's mother (played by the fabulous actress Ellen Burstyn) enters Regan's frigid bedroom and tucks her daughter in. The camera stares directly into Regan's sleeping face as Miss Burstyn leaves the room.  Then we see that Regan wasn't asleep at all, as her eyes suddenly open and she peers directly at us (the camera).  An eerie scene to be sure, as we begin to wonder what forces are lurking within this cute, innocent little girl.<br /><br />It's that always-disquieting element of the unknown that makes this movie so powerful and nail-bitingly suspenseful.  First-time viewers just don't know what to expect next, which is certain to make them squirm in their seats even more.<br /><br />The part of Regan MacNeil was performed flawlessly by Linda Blair (her third movie role).  Linda, who played a 12-year-old in the film, was actually 13 (and later 14) during the course of the long 204-day shooting period. When the film finally opened in theaters the day after Christmas 1973, it was less than a month shy of Linda's 15th birthday.  But, as things turned out, the protracted and grueling production schedule was more than worth it -- considering the outstanding final results on screen.<br /><br />Director William Friedkin did a masterful job of unfolding the plot in a natural and well-paced manner.  It doesn't in any way feel rushed.  Everything about this production seems right -- from the excellent cast, to the atmosphere created within the MacNeil house (which is downright bone-chilling once you get into that bedroom), to the Georgetown setting.  It's all just perfect.<br /><br />This review is for the 25th Anniversary Special Edition Widescreen boxed set (VHS Edition), which includes a great package of neat stuff.  In addition to a nice-looking Widescreen (1.85:1) version of \\"The Exorcist\\", this deluxe set also includes the following collectible items:<br /><br />>> A terrific 52-page full-sized book (softcover) entitled \\"The Exorcist: The Making Of A Classic Motion Picture\\". The photo of Regan on Page 2 (opposite the Table of Contents) is enough to give you the creeps right off the bat.  Many other high-quality photographs are included in the book, mixed in with the intriguing text, text which gives the reader  an outstanding insight into the movie's creation and filming.  This is one of the best \\"Making Of\\" books you'll ever run across.<br /><br />>> A Soundtrack CD.  (Unfortunately, however, the film's main theme, \\"Tubular Bells\\", is not included on this Compact Disc.  Very curious indeed.  I can't help but scratch my head regarding this odd omission.)<br /><br />>> A set of 8 Lobby Cards (with #1 being my favorite; they're numbered [1 to 8] at the very bottom of each card, along the white border).<br /><br />>> A Senitype Film Frame (and an enlargement), featuring a classic image from the movie.<br /><br />All of these items are housed in a very sturdy two-sectioned collector's box (with inner tray and matching slipcase).  Overall, a very handsome set.<br /><br />This Limited Edition deluxe boxed set (which was originally released in 1998, to commemorate the 25th anniversary of the movie) also was produced in a DVD version.  That anamorphically-enhanced Widescreen DVD variant offers up (naturally) a better-quality picture than the video on the VHS version.  However, the VHS isn't too bad either, format limitations considered.  The VHS audio is presented in Dolby Surround Stereo.<br /><br />The VHS version runs for approximately 177 minutes, with the film itself lasting 122 minutes.  The cut of the movie on this VHS tape is the original theatrical cut, as opposed to the longer, 132-minute \\"Version You've Never Seen\\".  The 55 minutes of bonus material consists of: 3 Original Theatrical Trailers for \\"The Exorcist\\", an introduction by Director William Friedkin, plus a behind-the-scenes documentary, \\"The Fear Of God: The Making Of The Exorcist\\".  This is a top-notch featurette that is well worth seeing, which includes the likes of cast and crew interviews, screen test footage, and some outtakes not previously seen.  All of the extra features are shown before the movie on the VHS tape version.<br /><br />Warner Home Video allows us to bring the terror of \\"The Exorcist\\" right into our homes via this attractive deluxe boxed set. This is a most worthy addition to any horror-film library.offers up (naturally) a better-quality picture than the video on the VHS version.  However, the VHS isn't too bad either, format limitations considered.  The VHS audio is presented in Dolby Surround Stereo.    The VHS version runs for approximately 177 minutes, with the film itself lasting 122 minutes.  The cut of the movie on this VHS tape is the original theatrical cut, as opposed to the longer, 132-minute \\"Version You've Never Seen\\".  The 55 minutes of bonus material consists of: 3 Original Theatrical Trailers for \\"The Exorcist\\", an introduction by Director William Friedkin, plus a behind-the-scenes documentary, \\"The Fear Of God: The Making Of The Exorcist\\".  This is a top-notch featurette that is well worth seeing, which includes the likes of cast and crew interviews, screen test footage, and some outtakes not previously seen.  All of the extra features are shown before the movie on the VHS tape version.    Warner Home Video allows us to bring the terror of \\"The Exorcist\\" right into our homes via this attractive deluxe boxed set. This is a most worthy addition to any horror-film library.
0802136834|5.0|My decision to read this book stemmed from a desire to get the feel of England at a most influential and diabolical time in its history.  Italian Renaissance has always captivated my interest with its stories, inventions, and literature.  But upon the anticipation of a recent trip to England, I thought it necessary to brush up on my English history.      This book was compelling from the start.  It rules out all ridiculous American myths you might have heard about the King Henry who cared only for himself, and little for his religion or his country.  The opposite is quite true.  Weir leads you into the heart of Henry's place in Tudor history, and holds you there for well over 500 pages.      Weir personalizes the wives. They had histories before the king, and some, despite misconceived notions, continued to have pleasant lives beyond the king.  I would recommend this book to anyone who is just beginning a love for England's history or to the most professed scholar on the subject.  You will find yourself falling in love with these characters, and wishing more was to come.
B0001ZX0PG|5.0|Clint Eastwood has directed a masterpiece which is most likely his best work ever.  Completely character driven and full of tension, drama and danger, &quot;Mystic River&quot; is a cinematic experience that shouldn't be passed up.  For those 130+ minutes, I was intrigued and amazed.  It's a film that doesn't rely on action or senseless non-stop violence, but it relies only on the characters.<br />Jimmy, Dave and Sean were best friends when they were kids, but something terrible happened.  Dave was abducted by two strangers posing as cops one day, only to be held captive and abused (physically, and by &quot;other&quot; means).  He did manage to escape, but the experience has forever scarred him.  Years later when all three are grown up, they are reunited when a horrible crime arises--Jimmy's nineteen-year-old daughter ends up murdered.  Sean's a cop who is on the case and Dave, still deeply disturbed by the past, is acting very strange and suspiciously.  The childhood past that these three had has paved the paths of their lives today, which has set in motion these chain-of-events.  It is a sad story that can only end in tragedy that will affect all three in unimaginable ways.<br />On the surface, this seems like a mystery/thriller when it is anything but that.  True, it is a murder mystery, but the murder is not what the movie is really about.  It's about how the past can never be forgotten and how these three individuals have turned out as a result.  You see the characters and how they deal with the tragedy that has befallen them.  The mind frame, the course of action, and the need of closure all play a very important role in this tension-filled drama.  It's one of those rare films where you could've watched it unfold forever.  Clint Eastwood has done a marvelous job of directing this masterpiece of human tragedy and loss.<br />It has to be said.  The cast is PHENOMENAL.  The cast could've really made this film a complete and utter failure if the wrong people were chosen, but that is not the case here.  Everybody was outstanding.  Sean Penn and Tim Robbins give it their all in making their roles come to life.  I now know why the two won Academy Awards, and they deserve them very much.  Kevin Bacon is terrific and comes off more than just a simple cop.  Laurence Fishburne was a complete joy to watch, as well.  I didn't even know that he was in this until I bought the DVD, and he was brilliant in a stand-out role.  What it all comes down to is that the complete cast is terrific.  Not one wasted talent can be found in this entire film.<br />There are two versions of this movie you can buy--not counting the widescreen/full screen versions.  You can either buy the &quot;bare bones&quot; version that has absolutely no special features whatsoever, or you can buy the &quot;Deluxe Edition,&quot; which is three discs.  I bought the &quot;Deluxe Edition.&quot;  While it is a pretty nice package, I wouldn't really call this edition of the movie &quot;Deluxe.&quot;  Special features included are two making-of featurettes, Charlie Rose interviews with Eastwood, Robbins and Bacon (all separate interviews), two trailers and audio commentary given by Robbins and Bacon.  The third disc is a CD that is the soundtrack to the movie with the score composed by Clint Eastwood.  Like I said, nice package, but nothing really &quot;Deluxe&quot; about it.  It's up to you whether you want to get a version that has no extras in sight or pay a little more for a couple of nice features.<br />&quot;Mystic River&quot; is an unforgettable, heart-breaking and overwhelming film that really can show you how fantastic a movie can be if you have the characters and the emotion.  Not everyone will enjoy it, as it isn't action-packed, but for those who love character development are in for a real treat.  If you haven't seen it yet, I really recommend checking it out.  It's definitely one of the better movies to come out of 2003.  It's a shame it had to come out the same year as &quot;Return of the King,&quot; otherwise I really think this film could've won a few more awards. -Michael Cranee year as &quot;Return of the King,&quot; otherwise I really think this film could've won a few more awards. -Michael Crane
B0001XWV12|5.0|It is time for another movie that is just plain fun and just makes you crack up over and over..this is one of those movies. You have everything a comedy could have. I do think that the best part of Eurotrip are all the supporting cast including: <BR>-the soccer hooligans including Vinnie Jones who states \\"if your not a manc, your a wanc!\\", <BR>-a crazy italian who gets to close to the kids on the train, <BR>-a french robot guy who gets beat up by Scotty<BR>- Matt Damon who pens the films signature song \\"Scotty Doesn't Know\\"<BR>- Mieke's brother who starts doing the Hitler salute<BR>- Madame Vandersexxx played by Xena:Warrior princess<BR>- and lets not forget the green Fairy brought on By Absinthe<BR>This movie si just freeaking hilarious, although like many others I too was upset that there was no nudity from MICHELLE TRACHTENBERG,but the bikini scene on the beach was pretty hot.I think that the guys who made Roadtrip and Old School have another winner with this classic. The soccer hooligans rule! and Eurotrip is off the wall hilarious!
B0000025DD|5.0|this album captures david gilmour at his peak musically, right after animals. i'd describe the music as bluesy 70's rock n roll, but it has the floyd flavor. it's probably my favorite david gilmour album (including a momentary lapse of reason and the division bell) and it's definately my favorite floyd solo album.<br />buy this album.
B0001NBMBC|3.0|Yes, myself, in all my metalness, listen to slipknot.(i know its hard to belive)  Now before you piss yourself let me tell you a little about this album.  Overall it is a resonably good album, better than the first one, about as good as iowa.   Standout tracks include 'duality' 'the blister exists', and my favorite song on the album 'nameless'.  There are a few almost pink floyd inspired oddities on this album too.  Overall this is a good album, that is worth your money, but cirtainly dosnt match up to the likes of thousands of underground bands that will never make it to slipknots status.
0792101448|4.0|Leone fails to really convince with the many stories he is trying to tell simultaneously. Bravura performances from Bronson and Fonda, Morricone's soundtrack and Leone's trademark fancy camerawork can't quite paper over the cracks. Having said that, the opening sequence is quite probably the greatest in movie history and the effects are really, really cool. Enough it seems to send many delirious in their appreciation for this film. It's a grand effort to create a super-cool epic, but looked at in the cold light of day it really does fall some way short of giving satisfaction.
B00005JMCW|3.0|&quot;Freaky Friday&quot; stars Jamie Lee Curtis and Lindsay Lohan.<br />It's a movie about a mother and daughter switching places. They switch by opening up a fortune cookie at a Chinese Resturant.<br />I thought it was a pretty good movie. Not one of my favorites; but still pretty good.<br />The reason I didn't like this movie is because I guess I just didn't find it interesting enough.
6304806418|5.0|Don't Cry for me Argintina was the song that got me into musicals and so I have always loved Evita.  In my opinion Madonna did quite an excellent job playing Eva.  Most of you have a problem with her because she is Madonna.  I am not a fan of what she does outside this movie, but I will defend her performance in this movie.  She was not off-key at all and I have never heard Elaine Paige or anyone else sing &quot;Don't Cry for me Argintina&quot; with such emotion and clearness.  She was Eva standing up singing that song.  &quot;You must Love Me&quot; was another beautiful song that I have never heard been done better.  When I heard Elaine Paige wailing these two songs on PBS I had to shut it off, she wasn't bad and she is a good singer, but when it comes to Evita no one can top Madonna.  This movie was unfotunately hammered by critics and got a bad wrap.
B0000E330X|5.0|it's britney's 4 th studio album . i think is album more mature than her previous three and more older teen pop and adult.<BR>best tracks are toxic, i got that boom boom, hookup, and everytime
6304708491|5.0|I am 27 and from India, i was in my 9th graded when my sister presented me RUBBER SOUL, and from that moment on I have been a beatles fan, Around 10 years back I saw Hard Days Night and I was in love , then i saw HELP and i was BLOWN, the movie is full of humor,energy and lots more, One of my favourite scenes is when they all are in the Loo and the baddy turns on the dryer, the best part of the scene is when Georges shirt gets sucked into the dryer, and RIngo says &quot;Ther is More Here than meets the eyes&quot;. It's funny the way he says this. <BR>There are some people whose review i have read says movie is okay, those people must be doped, not to appreciate this movie,<BR>For Gods Sake its THE BEATLES, it dosent get any better than this,KUDOS to the Beatles and their Masterpiece
B0001NBMBC|4.0|Alright - If you get rid of the Ballads especially the last song and placed the songs in a better order I would call this a great album and give it a 5 out of 5....... but sorry slipknot they could have done a little better. The last two albums were fantastic and sound/barrier breaking.<br />Best songs though on this album are Pulse of the Maggots, Blister exists , Duality , Welcome , Before I forget , and 3 Nil.
B00025ETIW|5.0|I had no clue who these guys were until I saw them open for The Used last year in a club - they just kicked butt!  They played with a ton of energy and passion.  Of course, no one in Syracuse had their album in stock, so I ordered it on-line.  I listened to \\"I Brought You My Bullets, You Brought Me Your Love\\" once a day for three months straight, and could not wait for new music from MCR...now they have delivered once again!  I am not goig to break this down into tracks, but all I can say is if you are reading this review just buy this or their first album.  This new album might be better than their first album, avoiding the sophmore slump! These guys could be very big in a couple more years, so I would recommend giving their CD a shot or seeing them live!
B0000DDAU9|5.0|Lamb of God developed from the underground, and are now on the verge of being huge.  These guys are likely to follow that path.  Remission is AWESOME!  You will be hooked, as it has a really unique sound that fuses jazz rhythm with death/thrash metal.  The riff to &quot;march of the fire ants&quot; is easily the best I've heard in years, and these guys will not disappoint.  Check this one out!
B000002H70|5.0|Disintegration is by far the most haunting and evocative album ever released by The Cure, and is probably the most haunting and evocative album ever released, period.<br />Disintegration is also the greatest work in The Cure's long and distinguished career. The album is a masterpiece of melancholy lyrics and music woven seamlessly into a sonic journey into darkness and forlorn hope.<br />\\"Plainsong\\" is the first track on the album, and is a promise of what's to come. Incredible synthetic sounds mix with a haunting guitar riff and ethereal vocals to make an unforgettable opening track.<br />\\"Pictures of You\\" has to be one of the greatest songs written by any band, let alone The Cure. The track is a seamless integration of the traditional Cure sonic \\"loop\\", where each instrument begins separately leading to a unified trademark sound. Smith's lyrics top the track, and lead us into welcome territory.<br />\\"Closedown\\" continues the melancholy theme of the album, and serves as a nice to segue into \\"Love Song\\", a track that is a throwback to \\"Kiss Me, Kiss Me, Kiss Me\\", and breaks the dark structure of the album, albeit briefly, with it's upbeat sound and lyrics. A good track that does at times seem very out of place when compared to the much more darker theme of the album as a whole. A great track nonetheless that provides a refreshing change in tempo.<br />\\"Last Dance\\" is a dark track that evokes the last goodbye, and the accompanying feelings of pain and desperation that come with it.<br />\\"Lullaby\\" combines that trademark Cure quirkiness with an interesting musical arrangement and quite dark &amp; gothic lyrics. There is a definite feeling of morose humor popping up in this track, and does not have the same forlorn feeling of the majority of the album.<br />\\"Fascination Street\\" is by far the heaviest track on the album, masterfully layered with a throbbing base riff, chaotic guitars, and superb vocals by Smith. One of the best tracks on an album filled with more than its share of memorable ones.<br />We now come to the heart of darkness on the album. The next to tracks provide a sonic journey into a hopeless landscape, haunting beyond anything The Cure has done previously. \\"Prayers for Rain\\", a very raw and dark track, sets up what I truly believe is one of the greatest pieces of music ever written....<br />\\"Same Deep Water As You\\" for some reason gripped me the first moment I heard it, and in the 15 years since Disintegration has been released, has never let go. One of the most beautiful and haunting tracks that you could ever hear, yet it weaves sadness, love &amp; loss into a seamless whole.  A true masterpiece.<br />\\"Disintegration\\" picks up the tempo. In a way, quite welcome given the last few tracks. A very good track, if not outstanding.<br />\\"Homesick\\" is probably the weakest track on the album. Not memorable, but ok.<br />We end with \\"Untitled\\", which is probably my fourth favorite track on the album. A nice arrangement accompanied by very good songwriting. \\"Happy Melancholy\\" is the only way to describe this track, and is a perfect way to close the album, as it's not too dark, yet not upbeat either, giving quite a neutral ending to a truly great album.<br />Disintegration is one of those gems that in so many ways will stay timeless for years to come. By far The Cure's most popular album, it however does not a have a commercial sound in any way, with one off tracks that do not fit the structure (except maybe for \\"Love Song\\"). A masterpiece that should be in any music collection.its share of memorable ones.<br />We now come to the heart of darkness on the album. The next to tracks provide a sonic journey into a hopeless landscape, haunting beyond anything The Cure has done previously. \\"Prayers for Rain\\", a very raw and dark track, sets up what I truly believe is one of the greatest pieces of music ever written....<br />\\"Same Deep Water As You\\" for some reason gripped me the first moment I heard it, and in the 15 years since Disintegration has been released, has never let go. One of the most beautiful and haunting tracks that you could ever hear, yet it weaves sadness, love &amp; loss into a seamless whole.  A true masterpiece.<br />\\"Disintegration\\" picks up the tempo. In a way, quite welcome given the last few tracks. A very good track, if not outstanding.<br />\\"Homesick\\" is probably the weakest track on the album. Not memorable, but ok.<br />We end with \\"Untitled\\", which is probably my fourth favorite track on the album. A nice arrangement accompanied by very good songwriting. \\"Happy Melancholy\\" is the only way to describe this track, and is a perfect way to close the album, as it's not too dark, yet not upbeat either, giving quite a neutral ending to a truly great album.<br />Disintegration is one of those gems that in so many ways will stay timeless for years to come. By far The Cure's most popular album, it however does not a have a commercial sound in any way, with one off tracks that do not fit the structure (except maybe for \\"Love Song\\"). A masterpiece that should be in any music collection.
B0001Z53CY|5.0|This is the best rap group album in years.THAT'S A FACT!
B00003CXCT|5.0|These are 3 of the greatest sci-fi movies ever made, period. Lucas has every right to jazz them up a bit, I for one was ecstatic with the changes, they made these already great films even better. The X-wing-tie fighter battles are so much better now without the dodgy effects. The wampa is that much scarier, the sound is so much better.<br />You people who whinge need to get over it, just forget about star wars if it causes you so much pain, life is too short to have hatred towards a guy you don't even know, these are just movie's and not worth spoiling your life over.
0142004235|5.0|East of Eden is a beautiful work that is multi-thematic, complex, and yet very personal.  In the saga of the Trask and Hamilton families, Steinbeck weaves a story that explores, above all, people. Siblings, parents, births, deaths, sorrows, joys, truths, lies, and the perceptions in between, this novel has it all.  Headed by Sam Hamilton, the Hamilton family is trying their best to live with dignity on the poorest land in their area.  They are the kind of people who are so decent and joyful in each other that it's hard to remember that they are struggling to get by.  Adam Trask, emerging from what we would now call a dysfunctional family, buys up the best land in the area with money that he inherited, somewhat mysteriously, from his father.  While he wants desperately to make his new bride happy and be the father/patriarch he never had, Adam has the misfortune to have picked a wife that is not interested in settling down and becoming a mother.  Immediately after the birth of her twins, Adam's wife disappears, turning up later as the madame of a whorehouse reputed for \\"providing the sort of services that shouldn't be available\\".   <br />The story is large, somewhat complex, but never tedious.  Unlike most novels of this length (600 pages), there is never one place where the story becomes bogged down.  Steinbeck does such a good job with his beautiful prose, true characters, and honest emotion, that the reader floats through the 600 pages effortlessly.  I loved this novel and have every intention of reading every other piece of Steinbeck I can get my hands on.
0060920432|5.0|I read Evolving Self and thought that was a wonderful book. Flow is even better. Great books, especially Flow. Highly recommended.
B00000JPH6|5.0|When you think of Jim Henson you would sooner think of brightly colored animals with funny voices like dogs, bears, frogs and gonzos or fraggles. The Dark Crystal is something completely different however. It is scary, scary as hell. <br />It is a story of two races, Scepsis and Mystics who became seperated when the crystal cracked. To regain the balance in the universe the crystal must be whole again. In a prophecy it is said that a Gelfling will do this, allmost all of them are killed, except for one Gelfling called Jen...<br />Even though this movie is made 1982 it does not look dated at all. The puppets and body suits are amazing and really form their own world, much like Lord of the Rings. I'm surprised not more movies or stories in this fantasy world have been made.<br />This movie should not be watched by children under at least 12. The Scepsis are scary, vulture like creatures aided by an army of big bugs. Even the Gelflings look a little scary.<br />It's a masterpiece of puppetry, so definitely watch it.
B00005JMJ4|3.0|After the Oscar and the pubblicity I was expecting a 'fantastic' movie. It was not the case. Very disappointing.
B0001611DI|5.0|This is the one DVD you must own if you are a zombie fan.  NO other zombie movie comes close to matching it.  Late 70's horror movie with great make-up effects, not big budget by any means, but great story and great acting.  Romero and Savini at their best.  Lots of fun.  Was one of the big midnight movies back in the 80's.  I can't recommend this one enough!
B00007KQA3|2.0|A film by Michael Radford<br />Clever.  Very clever.  This movie was filmed in 1984 during the months that were specified in George Orwell's novel.  It was also released in 1984.  This fit perfectly with the title and gave a nice contrast between Orwell's vision of the future and what the world was like at that very time.  The question, however, is: Is \\"1984\\" any good as a movie?  Well, yes and no, and it has everything to do with what was included in the movie.<br />The year is 1984 and the setting is London.  At least, the city used to be London.  Now it is just a city in Oceania.  Oceania is a communist style society where propaganda rules the day and history is re-written daily to reflect the views of \\"The Party\\".  One day Oceania may be at war with Eurasia, and the next Oceania is at war with East Asia and has always been at war with East Asia.  History is changed and officially, the past never happened if \\"The Party\\" says that it didn't happen.  Winston Smith (John Hurt) is a worker.  It is his job to change history's headlines.  Through Winston's eyes we see \\"The Party\\" outlaw personal relationships, emotional attachment, and even thought that does not mirror the party line.  The latter is called \\"thought crime\\".<br />Winston is a thought criminal.  He secretly writes in a journal about the revisionist policies and he visits a store that sells (on the sly) items that are older than Oceania (one piece is said to be 100 years old).  Winston is secretly seditious and he meets Julia (Suzanna Hamilton), who, like Winston, is defying Oceania as she can.  Her method is sex.  Sex for pleasure is highly illegal and this is the foundation of their relationship.  We know that a movie set in a world with this sort of a society, they have to be caught because we have to no what the repercussions of their actions will be.<br />The main difference between this film and the novel is simply that in the film we are seeing what Orwell described, and in the book all we have is the words of George Orwell.  The reason this is a difference is that in the movie we know what a thing looks like, but not what it is.  One example of this is the \\"two minute hate\\".  Orwell describes several scenes in which the workers are given a forum where they must vent and scream and express their hatred for the enemies of Oceania.  It is a form of social control.  We get a sense of what is going on, and why.  In the movie, we see what happens and how it affects the workers, but the detail which makes the scene meaningful is missing.  This is fairly typical of the film and is the biggest flaw.  If I hadn't read the novel, the film would be confusing and meaningless.  It is only because I have read the source material that I know what these scenes are and why they are important.  We do get a good sense of the type of society that Orwell envisioned as a potential future, and the visualization of the characters and the world is excellent.  It is just lacking the meaning that is available in Orwell's text.  Film is a different medium than a novel and a movie should not be dependant on the novel to make it comprehensible and meaningful.  Unfortunately, \\"1984\\" fails in this regard.  It is faithful to the source material, but the film can't succeed without the novel.<br />-Joe Sherryis the words of George Orwell.  The reason this is a difference is that in the movie we know what a thing looks like, but not what it is.  One example of this is the \\"two minute hate\\".  Orwell describes several scenes in which the workers are given a forum where they must vent and scream and express their hatred for the enemies of Oceania.  It is a form of social control.  We get a sense of what is going on, and why.  In the movie, we see what happens and how it affects the workers, but the detail which makes the scene meaningful is missing.  This is fairly typical of the film and is the biggest flaw.  If I hadn't read the novel, the film would be confusing and meaningless.  It is only because I have read the source material that I know what these scenes are and why they are important.  We do get a good sense of the type of society that Orwell envisioned as a potential future, and the visualization of the characters and the world is excellent.  It is just lacking the meaning that is available in Orwell's text.  Film is a different medium than a novel and a movie should not be dependant on the novel to make it comprehensible and meaningful.  Unfortunately, \\"1984\\" fails in this regard.  It is faithful to the source material, but the film can't succeed without the novel.  <br />-Joe Sherry
B00009RAJI|5.0|I have heard numerous albums and groups over the last 30 years and to me, this is one of the best albums. Only a couple albums by the Beatles in the 60s could give this a run for the number of hit songs. At the time the album was released they received numerous accolades and ever since then this album stands out through their break-ups and make-ups. Every fan of the band has the original. Fans and new people to the group should love this Remastered Dlx edition. Anyone that likes rock should add this to their collection. I will be surprised if you don't listen to the whole CD and not just a couple songs on a regular basis. Many people transfer singles to a CD for their listening pleasure. This is one CD I can't see pulling a song or two from. I love the whole CD. The sound is incredibly crisp and gives the feel of being surrounded by the music.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I've never written a review before.  I've never bought a television series before.  I've never been to a fan site before.  Now I have.<br />Possibly the best series I've ever seen.  It's intelligent and low-brow (sometimes at the same time),funny, action-packed, sad, happy, mysterious, interesting, dramatic, high energy, relaxed and inspiring.  All in the pilot.<br />Buy it.  Watch it.  Go see the movie when it comes out.<br />Add it to your cart now!
B00003CXCT|5.0|I'd just like to take a moment to tell everyone out there who can't stop whining about a few seconds of changes between the \\"old\\" and \\"new\\" versions that there is more to life than Star Wars and more important things to worry about than Lucas wanting to add a few seconds of footage or change a few special effects. Your \\"beloved\\" originals and your \\"hated\\" re-release are still the same bleeping movie and there is no reason to hate it just because it isn't a carbon copy of what you remember from your childhood.<br />In other words: GET OVER IT. If you don't like innovation than you should be angered just by the fact that they are releasing the movies on DVD. \\"How dare they update these movies and release them on DVD as opposed to my VHS! Its a disgrace!\\" See how stupid that sounds? thats how you sound. Stop whining, and if you can't stop, then go watch your originals on VHS and leave the rest of us TRUE fans, the ones that love the movies for what they ARE, alone. A true fan isn't angered by the creator wanting to tweak his vision. THEY ARE STILL THE SAME MOVIES.<br />With that said, I can't wait for these movies on DVD. I'll certainly buy them, because Star Wars is a classic that everyone should have in their collection. I applaud Lucas for doing what HE wants with HIS creation instead of listening to the whining of a few diehard geektards.
0425170055|3.0|NO - The Ultimate Bad Guys leave a lot to be desired - Environmentalists? Pa-lease!<BR>NO - Not a lot of characterisation, you have to read most of Clancy's previous novels for that - I recommend 'Without Remorse', 'Clear and Present Danger', 'Sum Of All Fears' and 'Debt of Honor'.<BR>NO - you will still enjoy this book even if you haven't read those previous ones.<BR>YES - It's FULL of action.
B00018D3RI|5.0|They leap across buildings, chase down the bad guys, and rescue hollering damsels in distress.<br />For someone who wasn't around during the era of Starsky and Hutch, I was surprised how enjoyable the series is. In fact, it's one of the rare television shows that actually makes me smile these days. <br />Whilst it can have it's campy moments, this series holds up remarkably well. It explores issues- which are still very relevant in today's modern society- such as corruption, terrorism, gambling and drug addiction, but still maintains an inherent sense of fun that seems to be so lacking in today's television. It's pure escapism, and I look forward to the second season.<br />So even if you weren't around during this era, and have not yet seen this series, give it a go because you just might be pleasantly surprised.
B0001AVZA8|4.0|A film by Nancy Meyers<br />There is a film stereotype where there is an older man who has a relationship with a much younger woman.  In the majority of the cases with an age discrepancy, it is the man with a younger woman and not the other way around.  There are exceptions, of course, but this is accurate as a general rule.  \\"Something's Gotta Give\\" messes with that stereotype a little bit (and, unfortunately, only a little).  Harry (Jack Nicholson) is the older man.  He is a top executive at a record company and he is legendary for his propensity to date younger women.  He is also legendary for never having been married.  His current fling is with Marin (Amanda Peet).  She is the \\"younger woman\\".  Harry and Marin plan on spending a weekend together at Marin's mother's home.  The mother is supposed to be away for the weekend working on her new play.<br />This means, of course, that Marin's mother will show up and complicate the weekend.  That is exactly what happens.  Marin's mother Erica (Diane Keaton) and her aunt Zoe (Frances McDormand) show up just as Harry is downstairs in the kitchen (wearing only a shirt and underpants) getting something to eat.  Naturally, the women freak out and are about to call the police on Harry when he is finally able to explain, with the help of Marin, who he is and why he is there.  They all decide to act like rational adults and all spend the weekend at the house, but to keep out of each other's business.  It wouldn't be much of a movie if that happened.  When Harry and Marin are starting to get frisky one night, Harry has a heart attack (he is a 63 year old man, after all).  They all rush to the hospital and his doctor, Julian (Keanu Reeves), helps save Harry.  Julian also insists that Harry cannot return to the city and will only let him leave the hospital if he has somewhere to stay.  Where might that be?  Erica's house.  Just as this happens, Marin and Zoe both leave and Erica is left to care for Harry, and she didn't even approve of him in the first place.<br />This is the movie.  Erica and Harry begin as two people who do not really like each other and are certainly not interested in each other.  Erica finds Harry to be disgusting and Harry has never been attracted to a woman his own age (at least not since he was in his 20's).  Julian, on the other hand, is familiar with Erica's work as a playwright and he is attracted to Erica.  In this instance, we have a younger man falling for an older woman.  But...the movie is about Harry and his journey, so we know that Harry must get over his obsession with younger women and we know that he is going to start to become attracted to a woman his own age.<br />On one hand, it is nice to see an older man begin to be attracted to an older woman, especially when he is giving up a younger woman (in this case, the older woman's daughter), but I started to care more about Erica's journey because we knew exactly where Harry was going to end up and I wanted something different.  This was a very standard (if well acted) movie that could very easily have given a twist to make \\"Something's Gotta Give\\" special.  Let's be honest, and I'll ask the women who are reading this: Ladies, would you rather have Jack or Keanu?  This movie could have been a whole lot more and could have really played with the convention and expectation that this movie was bringing, but it didn't.  At nearly every moment, we know how this film is going to play out, and I was hoping for more.  With that said, \\"Something's Gotta Give\\" is well acted, and well produced, but it is nothing out of the ordinary, either.<br />-Joe Sherryprove of him in the first place.  <br />This is the movie.  Erica and Harry begin as two people who do not really like each other and are certainly not interested in each other.  Erica finds Harry to be disgusting and Harry has never been attracted to a woman his own age (at least not since he was in his 20's).  Julian, on the other hand, is familiar with Erica's work as a playwright and he is attracted to Erica.  In this instance, we have a younger man falling for an older woman.  But...the movie is about Harry and his journey, so we know that Harry must get over his obsession with younger women and we know that he is going to start to become attracted to a woman his own age.  <br />On one hand, it is nice to see an older man begin to be attracted to an older woman, especially when he is giving up a younger woman (in this case, the older woman's daughter), but I started to care more about Erica's journey because we knew exactly where Harry was going to end up and I wanted something different.  This was a very standard (if well acted) movie that could very easily have given a twist to make \\"Something's Gotta Give\\" special.  Let's be honest, and I'll ask the women who are reading this: Ladies, would you rather have Jack or Keanu?  This movie could have been a whole lot more and could have really played with the convention and expectation that this movie was bringing, but it didn't.  At nearly every moment, we know how this film is going to play out, and I was hoping for more.  With that said, \\"Something's Gotta Give\\" is well acted, and well produced, but it is nothing out of the ordinary, either.<br />-Joe Sherry
6303314015|5.0|Disney's THE LION KING (1994) is, as if anyone really needed to tell you, a true modern Disney classic. I first saw it when it was released in late 1994; in fact, I saw it during the first weekend! This was something I never did with any Disney film before or since, but I had seen the full five-minute trailer a few times during the two-month buildup to its release and it looked incredible. It didn't disappoint; in fact, it turned out to be one of the greatest films of 1994---and that was a *busy* year for great films! In fact, if it weren't such a busy year for great films (PULP FICTION, FORREST GUMP, THE SHAWSHANK REDEMPTION, IN THE NAME OF THE FATHER, etc.) then THE LION KING would have easily garnered a Best Picture nomination. Better than the great ALADDIN (1991), even better than BEAUTY AND THE BEAST (1992)---which *did* get nominated for Best Picture---this film was state-of-the art in every way: The incredibly vivid visuals, especially during the opening sequence and the awesome Wildebeest stampede, the DTS digital sound, the voice-over actors, even the script...it all came together in a whole new way, to create a film that was probably even more for adults than it was for kids---but one in which the kids enjoyed immensely as well. This animated masterpiece provided a great theater experience, even with all the kids there!<br />Well, it's just as great on VHS, especially considering our 51&quot; widescreen TV and Surround Sound capabilities (*smile*). I imagine it must be even greater on DVD, but we will have to wait till later in the year to be able to get the Special Edition DVD, which I badly want! This is just one of those films that make you smile; it is so special in so many ways.<br />But why is it so special? I mean, it's basically Hamlet for kids---and not even young kids, considering the adult themes of betrayal and murder---and tells a relatively simple story. Ah, but its Shakesperean thematic model is filled by a story that *is* original in its characters, in its setting and in its ability to awe us with its sense of wonder and purpose.  One last thing: we can relate to its main character Simba (voiced as a cub by &quot;Home Improvement&quot; actor Jonathan Taylor Thomas, voiced as an adult by Matthew Broderick), who runs away from a past he can't face and harbors it as a guilty secret till he is able to face down his demons in adulthood. Come on, most of us can certainly relate to that in one way or another! <br />You know the story, but here it is again: Simba, after a restless but happy cub-hood, runs away from home when his majestic, all-powerful and seemingly invincible father, the Lion King Mufasa (majestically voiced by James Earl Jones---as if it could have been anyone else!), is betrayed and murdered by his brother, the evil and scheming Scar (creepily voiced by Jeremy Irons---as if it could have been anyone else!), who guilts the young Simba into leaving and never coming back. Of course, Scar then becomes King, much to the chagrin of Queen Sarabi (voiced by the illustrious Jamaican actress Madge Sinclair, in what would be unfortunately her final film role). Meanwhile, Simba goes off to the forests where he meets a couple of best pals---a wisecracking Meerkat named Timon (Nathan Lane, in a piece of inspired casting) and a big, flatulent Warthog named Pumbaa (Ernie Sabella, also inspired)---who teach Simba the value of &quot;no worries&quot; (&quot;Hakuna Matata&quot;) and who shine in all of their scenes. Simba grows up with them into a life of no worries. Eventually, the young girlfriend he left behind, Nala (voiced as an adult by Moira Kelly), finds Simba and tries to convince him to come back to Pride Rock and fulfill his destiny. Simba has long been resigned to his present fate, and refuses to do so---until he is confronted by a wise baboon named Rafiki (Robert Guillaume, in yet *another* piece of inspired casting!), who shows Simba that his father truly lives on within himself. Simba returns toPride Rock to reclaim the kingship, evil Uncle Scar doesn't want to go lightly, and in a truly climactic scene, Simba avenges his father's murder and takes his place in The Circle of Life, becoming a dad himself in the very last frame!<br />I know I didn't have to go through all that, but I wanted to; it's just a great film with great songs (the magnificent &quot;Circle Of Life,&quot; the Oscar-winning &quot;Can You Feel The Love Tonight,&quot; &quot;I Just Can't Wait To Be King&quot; and &quot;Hakuna Matata&quot;---all written by Elton John &amp; Tim Rice), and it is still such a pleasure to watch it a whole decade after its original theatrical release. Don't let the G-rating fool you; with humor so hip and violence so intense (especially in the climactic fight scene), it's really not for young children. I still feel that it should have received the PG-rating. Still, no matter what the rating, THE LION KING is a must-have, for *any* film library.<br />MOST RECOMMENDED, AGES 8 &amp; UP
0740745271|5.0|the best magic eye book ever !!!! it discusses how just by using magic eye pictures a person can tap into how their brain works. the 3D pictures are amazing and fun and the text helps us think about vision in a whole new way. way to go magic eye!!
B00003CX5P|2.0|This movie had one moment that I loved: the lightsaber duel... which is why this rates more than one star.  <br />I was mightily dissapointed with this movie, and I could go on and on about contrived plots and love stories, purile dialogue,  and gungans who could insult the intelligence of a horsefly... but I wont.<br />The DVD in itself was very well made, worthy of the LucasArts logo.  <br />But (and maybe I was expecting too much), I found the movie uninteresting, the stakes not high enough, and I didnt care if any character lived or died.
B00005CDNJ|5.0|One of ABBA's best loved orginal albums, \\"Super Trouper\\" entered the UK album charts at #1 and spawned three major hit singles.<br /><br />There's not much I can say about this album that ABBA fans don't already know. All the songs offered are exquisite supertunes sung masterfully by Agnetha and Frida and there really is not one bad song in the bunch. Bjorn's lyrics have matured and some of these songs are lyrically very poetic and beautiful. Frida impresses with \\"Our Last Summer\\", \\"Andante Andante\\" and the title track and Agnetha shows the world that she is more than just eye-candy. Her vocals are superb on \\"Happy New Year\\", \\"Lay All Your Love on Me\\" and my favorite ABBA song, \\"The Winner Takes It All.\\" Their voices are strong, unique and very dramatic and the vocal harmonies are perfection. Just listen to the chorus of \\"Super Trouper\\", \\"Our Last Summer\\", and \\"The Piper\\" (another favorite) as examples. Other album highlight are \\"The Way Old Friend's Do\\" which was recorded live at Wembley, the latin-esque \\"Put on your White Sombrero\\" (bonus track) where Frida takes the lead (and the song really comes alive at the third verse, when Agnetha and Frida sing, full out, in harmony) and the very mysterious \\"Elaine\\" (another bonus track) which has interesting lyrics.<br /><br />\\"Super Trouper\\" (the album) was an international best seller. As mentioned previously, the album debuted at number 1 in the UK and became ABBA's sixth consecutive Top Ten album in Canada where it peaked at #4 and it reached the US Top 20. The biggest single to emerge from the album was \\"The Winner Takes It All\\" which became the group's 8th #1 in the UK. In North America, the single reached the top ten in Canada and the US. The single also became ABBA's second US #1 on the Billboard Adult Contemporary Charts (\\"Fernando\\" was their first). Another UK #1 was \\"Super Trouper\\" which was a minor US hit (#45) but it should be noted that that single along with \\"On and On and On\\" (US #90) became ABBA's 17th and 18th single to reach the Billboard Hot 100 in 7 years.<br /><br />What amazes me about many of ABBA's albums is how they managed to create so many great songs. I guess there is a reason why the group is still popular 23 years after their break-up and why they continue to sell several million records every year. This album is a testament to their talents as recording artists. In my opinion, they are the greatest pop group ever and extremely under-rated and credits must be given to the 2 female lead singers, Frida and Agnetha, whose gorgeous vocals contributed to the intoxicating sound on these records.18th single to reach the Billboard Hot 100 in 7 years.<br /><br />What amazes me about many of ABBA's albums is how they managed to create so many great songs. I guess there is a reason why the group is still popular 23 years after their break-up and why they continue to sell several million records every year. This album is a testament to their talents as recording artists. In my opinion, they are the greatest pop group ever and extremely under-rated and credits must be given to the 2 female lead singers, Frida and Agnetha, whose gorgeous vocals contributed to the intoxicating sound on these records.
B000060P79|3.0|all i can say is that its completely pop, and theres no punk in it at all. but if you like pop, go ahead and buy it, you'll like it. i sometimes actually enjoy this type of music when im in the mood. but if your looking for a good punk/ska/whatever album, dont buy this!!
B0001GF2DS|5.0|Sergio Leone proudly served up his finest spaghetti Western to a Roman audience in the final days of 1966. The premiere print of &quot;The Good, the Bad and the Ugly&quot; sprawled over three hours in telling its tale of three desperados in search of gold amid the chaos of the Civil War.<br />The men from United Artists also were on the trail of treasure. American audiences, they knew, would not sit for a 178-minute Western, especially not an import starring a TV actor (Clint Eastwood).<br />Out came 17 minutes, and so was breach-born the version of &quot;Good, Bad, Ugly&quot; that has endured as a male-bonding touchstone for four decades. Looking to make things right (and to mine more gold), MGM a few years ago decided to re-create the storied film that unspooled in Rome that night. The restored, full-length English version of Leone's epic is worth every  dollar in this two-disc DVD Collector's Set.<br />Sure, Leone's film loses much on the small screen -- its borderline-surrealistic vistas shot in Spain are legendary -- but the DVD's visuals are clean, with decent contrasts (anamorphic widescreen, 2.35:1). Compared to MGM's 1998 release, there's a dramatic reduction in flatness, speckling and miscellaneous wear. The 5.1 Dolby Digital audio has its moments but isn't up to the standards of the imagery.<br />The DVD medium is, of course, unrivaled at presenting the history of complicated productions like these. MGM's set gets that job done, for the most part. Eastwood biographer Richard Schickel does the heavy lifting in a commentary that, amazingly, runs on fumes only near the end of three hours. The 2002 restoration project is covered in an 11-minute docu that goes over the added/restored scenes. They mostly just smooth out the narrative, but it's hard to reimagine the film without them.<br />&quot;Good, Bad, Ugly&quot; is as closely associated with composer Ennio Morricone as with Leone. Film music historian Jon Burlingame talks about the maestro in a short featurette and in a more-detailed audio lecture. No explanation is given for Morricone's lack of participation on the DVD, and you get the feeling he's been downplayed for not playing along.ette and in a more-detailed audio lecture. No explanation is given for Morricone's lack of participation on the DVD, and you get the feeling he's been downplayed for not playing along.
B00000G3PL|4.0|Lethal Weapon Legacy (Director's Cut) [3 Discs] with Lethal Weapon 4 (Widescreen), you need to pay CDN$67.46, but this &quot;Complete Series&quot; only for CDN$59.92.<br />You will found all the features and even the movie no differences with the Director's Cut and the Vol 4 (Premiere Collection). Why use more money to get the movies ?<br />I think the &quot;Warner Home Video&quot; just want to get money from the guy don't have time to search and compare the products.<br />I want to give this movies 4-1/2 stars but Amazon only let me choose 4 or 5 stars.<br />All 4 Lethal Weapon is a good movie except the Vol 4 because they just waste the good action star &quot;Jet Li&quot;, if you have seen Jet Li others movie you will knew that in this movie he cannot fully to show off his Kung Fu and fast action.<br />Want to know what I said about &quot;Jet Li&quot;, try these movies &quot;Remeo Must Die&quot;, &quot;Kiss of the Dragon&quot;, &quot;The One&quot; and if you want to see more exciting Kung Fu movie of Jet Li, then try &quot;Legend&quot;, &quot;Once upon a time in China&quot;, &quot;The Enforcer&quot;, etc.
B000001Y79|5.0|Before No Doubt released Tragic Kingdom they weren't well known.  They actually just released this so they could get their songs out, then they would go on with their lives.  Luckily their first single \\"Just A Girl\\" hit well and they didn't have to do that.  Tragic Kingdom in my eyes is No Doubt's best work, filled with all good songs.  I don't there are many cd's where I happen to enjoy all hits, but this is definitely one of them.<br /><br />The cd starts of with \\"Spider Webs\\" which is an ingenious song.  One of my favorite songs in No Doubt history is \\"Excuse Me Mr.\\" which is just an awesome song.  Next is \\"Just A Girl\\" which was their first single and possibly the \\"star\\" of the cd.  Another one of my favorite songs from no doubt is \\"Different People\\" which is just so awesome.  Then later comes their other hit from the cd, \\"Don't Speak\\" which is still getting radio play today.  \\"You Can Do it\\" is also a fun song, though it kinda sounds like something the Spice Girls would sing.  Then comes my favorite song on the whole cd...\\"Tragic Kingdom\\".  It's so fun, heavy, deep, imaginative, and basically has a nice flow.<br /><br />The whole cd is just loads of fun and I would suggest it to anyone who has only heard their new stuff.
B00006CXSS|5.0|There are many, many reviews here that adequately describe the quality of this production, the accuracy and the heart and soul of this series.<br />I specifically want to address the two &quot;cons&quot; mentioned in recent reviews...<br />First...the guy that says Band of Brothers is always on HBO is nuts...it's on now because of the 60th anniversary of D-Day and invariably it won't be there when you want to sit down and watch.<br />Secondly...it's true the special features are weak and for the money you pay for the set it seems like you get shorted.  Until you watch all the episodes--including the most moving of all...the interviews with the real veterans depicted in the series.  <br />I'm an Operation Iraqi Freedom veteran and I feel fortunate to have served in Iraq of 2003 and not Europe of 1944-45.  Every free person in the world today owes a debt of gratitude to the men portrayed in Band of Brothers...and this series goes a long way towards understanding that we'll never be able to fully repay them.  <br />Buy this, rent it, or borrow it...but make sure you see it in its entirety.
B00005OWEH|5.0|This movie, based on Joseph Conrad's Heart Of Darkness, begins with a specific mission.  The extermination, with extreme prejudice, of a rogue, and insane Colonel Kurtz, played with enigmatic flair by Marlon Brando.  As the movie goes further, the insanity of war, the effects on those who are involved, including Captain Willard, played by Martin Sheen (and excellently I might add), who in the end is nearly as mad as the man he's sent to terminate.  Along the way, the insanity of war is felt everywhere and is reflected in many of the characters; especially, the wacky Colonel played brilliantly by Robert Duvall (I love the smell of napalm in the morning?) [who the hell worries about &quot;surfing&quot; during a war?-see the movie and you'll see why he's a complete nutter.]  Along with the haunting soundtrack, anchored by the psychedelic sound of &quot;The End&quot;, by the Doors, helps to enhance the movie's eerie quality.  I'm not sure how much the additional footage helps, but it does &quot;flesh out&quot; the relationships in the movie.  It includes performances by Frederic Forrest, Larry (now Laurence) Fishburne, and Harrison Ford.  It is an excellent, but disturbing movie; which, unless one is wound up in the flag too much, leaves the viewer questioning the role of America in Vietnam; in an attempt to stop Communism from spreading in Asia, and in particular Vietnam, under the &quot;domino&quot; theory.  Some veterans can attest to its accuracy or not, but for the rest of us it gives a chilling portrait of human ability to be as cruel to each other as possible, and how arrogance, of one part of humanity, leads to such cruelty.
B0001NBMBC|5.0|Why is Slipknot being persecuted so much for this album?  I would have to say that with Satryicon's &quot;Volcano&quot; and In Flames's &quot;Soundtrack to your Escape,&quot; this has to be one of the best metal albums of 2004.  Songs like &quot;The Blister Exists&quot; and &quot;Welcome&quot; show that the band still has deep roots in traditional metal, while tracks like &quot;Vermillion&quot; and &quot;Circle&quot; show that they can actually write a good song.  So what if Corey sings more, isn't he allowed to show some range?  I honestly didn't care for &quot;Iowa&quot; that much, and this more than makes up for it.  Joey's drumming is and always has been phenomanol, and Mick and Jim show that they are indeed talented guitarists.  I'm glad that Slipknot took the risk of trying to grow as a band and extend into uncharted territory, otherwise they'd just keep putting out the same album over and over again.  It worked for Korn, and it damn sure worked for Slipknot.  And if this is to be their last album, at least they decided to go out on a high note.  So I say good for them.
B00005LC4B|5.0|A remake that is better than the original ... it rarely happens, but in this case it has!<br />CAPE FEAR is a very effective film that managed to pull me right in, I enjoyed every single moment of it.  It is eery and tense, and you'll want to ensure your door is locked.<br />Robert De Niro is perfect as the criminal released from jail seeking revenge on his lawyer (who hid information that may have reduced his prison sentence).  Jessica Lange plays the wife of the lawyer (nick nolte), and she is impressive as always.<br />CAPE FEAR is one of my favourite suspense thrillers of all time.  Definitely worth owning on DVD.
B00004RFFS|5.0|Okay, first let me say that I have not yet read the book by Anne Rice. I had heard that this movie was good. &quot;Good&quot; is not a strong enough word. While other movies about vampires tend to be more on the phony side, this movie, in my opinion, was very realistic and believable. I do agree that Interview with the Vampire is less of a horror film than it is a work of art, but that certainly isn't a bad thing. Overall, this is an awesome movie and I highly recommend it.
0553583182|5.0|People, ANYTHING! WRITTEN,at all by the late great,Joseph Murphy will be a help and a blessing to you and your life in all areas.<BR>He uses,scriptures from the Bible, some metaphysical terminology and scientific knowledge to give you as much information or ability to beleive and recognise TRUTHS that are as old as creation.L-O-V-E is key, Trust, belief, faith, but he puts everything in such an easy to understand, down to earth manner that it's for everyone,and ANYONE can understand it. The choice is yours; are you  of a spiritual background or way of thinking? scientific?,new age? This book is for YOU!. For we are all &quot;one&quot;. AND SO IS WHAT CREATED AND KEEPS THIS UNIVERSE AND ALL PLANETS ECT... IN OPERATION. There is no wrong choice in purchasing ANY of Murphy's books. SO BUY AS MANY AS YOUR POCKETS CAN AFFORD, you won't be sorry.
B0000CDLA7|5.0|The 2003 release of, Train of Thought, marks Dream Theater's heaviest album to date. <br />Awake was an heavy album as well as dark, but Train of Thought takes the cake. <br />When this album was rumored around Christ, it was either going to be a pro-christ album or an anti-christ album. This album is stuck in the middle. The lyrics are asking questions about faith and religion, like most people do.<br />On the music side, John Petrucci's guitar work proves he is probably the best all-around guitarist, next to Joe Satriani, Steve Vai, etc. With his fast soloing surrounded by his leads and riffs. He tunes down to C and B to teach all the guitarists, how to play. :)<br />Mike Portnoy is great as always. He is now playing with a 4 bass drum kit. As for the rest of the band, good job, fellas :)<br />The first song off the album, As I Am, is their first single. You can request the song to be played on your local radio station, as well as hear it on their website. <br />I have my favorites, but the whole album is good. Except, track 5, I could do without that one.<br />This album is a must for any Dream Theater fan, Progressive Metal fan, Guitar-driven rock fan, and guitar player.<br />If you like this album, check out any other DT album like... Images and Words, Awake, Six degrees..., and Metropolis Pt.2(my favorite).<br />Other bands you might like, Liquid Tension Experiment, Joe Satriani, Steve Vai, Queensryche, Fates Warning, etc.
B00028HBKM|3.0|Christ's compassion is there in a certain sense, but the love, and not the violence should be glorified here. <BR>Which term would Christ approve of more?  The glory of love or the glory of violence. I think it would be the former. <br />Gibson should have concentrated on what Christ did to teach love in many different examples, not to let the violence go on and on and on and on and on.<br />Three stars for effort...that's it.  <br />I still think Mel is a brilliant actor.
1400032717|5.0|To begin with, I wasn't sure that Mark Haddon's \\"The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time\\" was the kind of book I like to read. But after seeing writers that I like, such as Ian McEwan, A.S. Byatt and Anne Tyler, recommending this book, I stopped having second thoughts and set my sights on reading this novel. Little did I know that I would fall for it after reading a couple of pages.<br />Haddon writes as someone who knows his subject. But what make his narrative so fascinating are the options he makes as a writer. Any less talented author could make a novel with an autistic protagonist an useless tearjerker, but he avoids these pitfalls and delivers a clear prose, told with heart, but above all, with smartness.<br />What is more impressive is that, not for a second, words like autism, autistic, disabled or any other such is mentioned. And by using this device the author simply makes the reader forget about Christopher's condition -- sure he has problems, but who hasn't? This boy is so well described and developed that it is hard to forget that his voice keeps with the reader long after he/she has finished the novel. This quality reminds me of Harper Lee's \\"To Kill A Mockingbird\\"'s protagonist.<br />Sure the plot is not strong. But it is not a problem; after all, \\"The Curious Incident...\\" is more a character study than a plot-driven novel. When in the middle of the narrative we find out who killed the dog, it is not important anymore, because one is so impressed with Christopher and his surroundings that the plot is in the second plan. And, at this point, the narrative has reached another conflict that will keep you going. The graphics, drawing, pictures are a plus that only enhances the experience of reading this novel.<br />The major achievement in Haddon's book is to show a down-to-earth family trying to cope with its child condition. Besides this, there is another interesting thing about this book. The writer takes inside of Christopher's brain. Giving voice to such an `underdog', it brings humanity and dignity to him. It only proves that he is like everyone else --just a little bit different.<br />Christopher may not know and understand jokes, but he `wrote' a funny and touching book --without being sappy. Only time will tell if  \\"The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time\\" will be part of the literary canon, but, for the time being, it is an excellent and interesting novel, deserving all the kudos it has received.ng voice to such an `underdog', it brings humanity and dignity to him. It only proves that he is like everyone else --just a little bit different. <br />Christopher may not know and understand jokes, but he `wrote' a funny and touching book --without being sappy. Only time will tell if  \\"The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time\\" will be part of the literary canon, but, for the time being, it is an excellent and interesting novel, deserving all the kudos it has received.
0743454529|5.0|This book was an excellent read.  Be prepared to have a tissue box handy.  While the end story line might disappoint a few people, I thought it was an unexpected ending. I can't imagine having to make the choices this family did in order to save their daughters life.
B00008DDRX|5.0|A great story of a great race.  Done as well as it could be done. Real cars and real tracks were used to great effect. It and Grand Prix are the best two movies on racing I have seen. It was so real I believe one driver was severly injured during filming.<BR>If you like racing, this is one of your best opportunities.
6305128952|5.0|This is a great movie.  It depicts real people in real life situations.  Acting of Redford is marvelous! <br />Cinematography is breathtaking :) <br />Thumbs Up!!
B000040OBS|4.0|There is now a flourishing synthpunk underground, but the sound invented by Suicide, Metal Urbain, and a few other '70s pioneers was scorned and ignored for years. Dreamy, threatening tracks like &quot;Ghost Rider&quot; and &quot;Frankie Teardrop&quot; foreshadow everything from Bauhaus to psychedelic trance. But at their heart, the songs throb with pure rock-n-roll violence.
B0001L3LUE|5.0|Robert McNamara is clearly an exceptionally intelligent, articulate, and self-assured man.  These stereotypical Alpha Male characteristics are on brilliant display throughout this brisk and engrossing documentary...as well as the flip/shadow side of the Alpha Male: an immovable arrogance, narcissism, self-righteousness, and termihnal bossiness.<br />Nevertheless, McNamara is surprisingly candid and self-critical for much of this film, though at the end he falls back on the &quot;only hindsight is perfect&quot; argument and ducks responsibility for all the catastrophic human tragedy which he and his bosses inflicted upon the Vietnamese people (3.4M dead, 80% of which were innocent civilians) at the price of 58K American lives.<br />Still, it's a fascinating character study.  It will be interesting to see if Donald Rumsfeldt will be in a similar documentary 25 years from now on all his blunders in Iraq.
B00005QDW5|2.0|There should never be a Pink Floyd greatest hits. The songs are all good, true. But Pink Floyd is bigger than that. Their songs should be considered integral parts of each album as well as individual masterpieces. How could one listen to hits like &quot;Another brick in the wall pt. 2&quot; without preceding it with &quot;In the Flesh?&quot;, &quot;The Thin Ice&quot; and &quot;Happiest Days of our lives&quot;? And mixing around the music in different time frames is another mistake. On the first disc they have &quot;See Emily Play&quot;, a great song from an early album (Relics) to &quot;Happiest Days of our lives&quot; That's strange. Maybe it's just me, but I don't like hearing songs from the different albums being sequenced all together. For me I love Pink Floyd's albums as albums, not each song. I like to listen to an entire album at one time, especially the post-Syd albums. (maybe because they can be considered &quot;concept albums&quot; or maybe because it's just great music) If they had to do this (money-making scheme, most likely) they should've had two or three discs, divided into Syd Barrett and post-Syd songs. But still, I don't personally see Pink Floyd as a band to have their albums sliced open and select a few songs.
0790729369|5.0|This is a powerful movie. Human desperation played by Muriel Streep and the careful and passionate Clint Eastwood. Eastwood <BR>is definitely worth seeing in this!<br />It's also a great romance about true love, yes it can be achieved!!
B000084T18|5.0|Dis Cd be off da hizzay bloood! dis ish hurr be da reawl cwub muzak. iono wtf does foos be tawkin bout, but dis ish hurr be da BOM!<br />gow oit an snatc dis ish blood! Go on dawg!<br />50 cent be so tizzight, dis foo got ABBS!
0684135051|5.0|I learned to knit from my grandmother when I was a little girl, and can calculate patterns myself, so I did not need to be rescued from slavish pattern-following. I also do not think that the sweaters in this book are the most attractive, stylish, or even the easiest (I'm a top-down in-the-round knitter myself). I have made a few Zimmerman patterns, but none from this book. With all that said, I will now tell you that I pull this book off the shelf constantly, and you should buy it if you aspire to be a good knitter.<br />The discussions of gauge, yarn choice, finishing, color work, and other technical points are invaluable. The entire book is clear, useful, and a pleasure to read. Knowing and following this book's advice can make the difference between disappointing sweaters and wonderful ones, even if you never use any of the patterns in this book.<br />Don't buy this book for the patterns, but do buy it.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I just bought Firefly last week and have watched it all; I've even watched some of it twice. It's just that good. Where to start? <br />I figured that a science fiction genre series crossed with Buffy-like writing sounded like a promising match. I'd watched a bit of Buffy (though I never became a real fan) and a couple of Angel episodes, so I knew some of what to expect: interesting characters shrouded in various levels of mystery, some built-in friction and/or romance between main characters, witty humor, and plot twists at every turn. I'd seen two episodes of Firefly when it was running, but not enough that I really got it. Since they were aired out of order, I may never have. When I watched it as it was meant to be seen, I was surprised and absolutely astonished at how well this story and cast worked. Let's be reasonable; there are spaceships and horse-drawn wagons in the same episode. How can that possibly work? But yet, it worked fine. When I reached the last episode of Firefly (in two long settings - I just couldn't quit watching), I was very distressed that there wasn't another season I could pop in.<br />The humor in this series took me by surprise. There are a number of good lines in Buffy, but I thought the humor quota was raised a few notches in Firefly. I think the fact that there were nine major characters (ten if you count the ship) instead of four or five allowed a lot more humor to be interjected. There are very few movies or shows where the humor level is intense enough that I laugh so hard that it brings the others in the family running to see. Firefly is one of them.<br />I also found the cast extremely believable in their roles. Like any series that really sucks you in, I started caring how they would fare. One benchmark for me is that I learned their (screen) names quickly. Unfortunately, this series was just beginning to reveal some of the mysteries behind the characters (for those characters who were meant to be mysterious) when it was cancelled. It's obvious that there were 2-3 seasons worth of stories we'll likely never get to see. I know there's a movie due out in April 2005, but unless it's five hours long, there's no way they can wrap this story line up and maintain the integrity and quality of writing this series contains. (I'll go see it anyway though.) It's pretty easy to tell when watching the episodes (and the DVD's bonus material confirms) that this cast really enjoyed working with each other. It's easy to believe that this group would hang around with each other for hours even if it weren't part of their job. The roles of the main characters were so varied that the potential number of stories to tell should have been quite large without being repetitive.<br />My typical fare in the science fiction genre is a bit more special effects laden and plot light than Firefly. I'm strictly looking to be entertained and to not have to think too much. However, this series is done so well, the lack of special effects really doesn't matter, and the stories are so intriguing that I don't mind the fact they make me contemplate where they are heading. I so wish that I could buy seasons two through six of this series so I could see if I was right.
B000002LE6|4.0|For me, four stars translates as &quot;excellent, but not a classic.&quot; That said, if Lovesexy is not one of Prince's five best records, it is certainly a top-notch record and one that fans of Prince will be sure to enjoy. Indeed, in some respects, Lovesexy's position in the Prince catalogue is similar to that of With the Beatles for the Fabs. While both albums are consistent, hold together well, and boast few clunkers (Lovesexy, for its part, has no duds), neither album has a moment of pure transcendence that ranks with the artist's, say, top twenty songs. <br />&quot;Alphabet St.&quot; was Lovesexy's lone hit and its single best track, but several other tracks also stand out: &quot;I Wish U Heaven&quot; (a pretty pop ballad), &quot;when 2 R in Love&quot; (a sinuous R&amp;B slow jam), &quot;Glam Slam&quot; (dreamy, psychedlic pop), and &quot;Eye No&quot; (an infectious jam).
B000003TA2|5.0|ok, here it is, plain and simple--goo is (in my opinion) the best out of the 4 or 5 &quot;best&quot; youth albums(washing machine, d dream nation, dirty,....whatever). ive read lies about washing machine. everyone thinks its the best and that its ground breaking when in fact its at best good.it only has about 3 great tracks. and, day dream and dirty are both amazing but after a while i noticed that evey song sounds some what the same.  goo on the other hand is PURE gold. here, the writing and playing is the best. all of the songs great in there own way. every track  is a highlight. but i have to mention that &quot;titainium expose&quot; is beyond incredible, probably my fav youth song. buy it or continue to suck
B00004RJ74|5.0|&quot;From Dusk Till Dawn&quot; is the type of movie that you either love or hate. There really is no middle ground. As a fan of both Robert Rodriguez and Quentin Tarantino, this one practically had me drooling. A cinematic wet dream for movie geeks and Fangoria readers alike, &quot;Dusk&quot; is an excuse to mix underrated movie stars with yesteryear's cult heroes for plenty of violent mayhem and sharp dialouge.<br />Dawn's first half is a crime spree flick with the psychopathic Gecko Brothers (George Clooney and Quentin Tarantino) kidnapping Harvey Keitel's disgruntled preacher Jacob Fuller and his kids and using them to hop the border. By the second half, it has managed to erupt into a full-out Mexican vampire bloodbath as the Geckos join forces with the survivors of a melee at a Mexican strip bar. Filled with funny one-liners, unrelenting violence, and more vampires than you can shake a stick at, &quot;Dawn&quot; is a somewhat dumb but very fun genre flick. Any movie that includes a jaw-dropping music number featuring Salma Hayek dancing around in a black G-string and matching undergarment with cleavage aplenty is sure to be a winner with at least the male demographic.<br />Miramax's double-disc DVD edition has pretty much every feature you could ask for. Quentin does his very first audio commentary as he and director Robert Rodriguez go back and forth on all the entertaining details of the film's production. If you couldn't get enough information from it, you also get the movie's original production featurette and a full-length documentary, &quot;Fult Tilt Boogie&quot; that covers nearly every aspect of the film's production. There are also a few deleted scenes. While there isn't a whole lot to offer here, there is a cool Salma Hayek snake sequence with some silly-looking digital effects. If you're a true fan of &quot;Dusk Till Dawn&quot;, you are gonna want to pick this DVD up.
0780020693|5.0|Like 8 1/2 before it, Amarcord marks an extremely personal film for Fellini.  Like his relationship to Guido in 8 1/2, the character of Titta serves as an extension of Fellini on film.  Whereas Guido served as an extension of Fellini's state of mind, Titta serves as an extension of Fellini's childhood memories.<br />Through the retelling of emotional stories that deal with Titta and his family, Amarcord (which translates into \\"I Remember\\") presents a cyclical collage of wondrous nostalgia for the Italy of Fellini's childhood.  Starting in the spring and ending their one year later with the return of the yearly \\"puffballs\\", we are presented with and touched by the many experiences that Titta comes face to face with.<br />At the same time, the film is much more than a mere visual presentation of Fellini's own nostalgia, for it also questions the true validity of one's own memories.  This questioning of memory by Fellini is made apparent in the manner in which single scenes can go from \\"reality\\" based to fantasy-like parody back to \\"reality\\" based in a manner of moments.  <br />One of the more noteworthy examples of this technique is the scene in which El Duce visits the local town square.  In the scene the serious yet joyous procession of El Duce eventually turns into a comedic/fantasy experience in which schoolchildren are shown happily carrying guns in the imagined wedding of two schoolchildren in front of a giant talking Mussolini head.  Moments later the film cuts to nightfall, in which the local Fascists soldiers wreak havoc on the town and afterwards interrogate and beat Titta's father.  Depending on Fellini's own presentation of the Italian Fascists, (and just as importantly, the view in Italy towards the Fascists at that time) very different interpretations can be read of them.  In using such a juxtaposition, Fellini (in his echoing of Arnheim's formalist theory) is purposely trying to express the impossibility of remembering and re-presenting a true account of the past as a result of the individual nature of memory itself.  <br />Another scene that blurs the real and the imagined is Titta's late-night encounter with a large busty Tobacconist (she is given no true name within the film) just as she has closed up her shop.  The woman, who Titta has fantasized about at an earlier point in the film, playfully flirts with Titta, a flirtation that eventually ends in a moment of extreme foreplay between the two.  But the inexperienced Titta is unable to please the tobacconist, and she soon forces him to stop.  At this time she acts as if nothing has happened, she gives him his tobacco and shows him out the store.  How much of this was real, and how much of this was imagined both within the film and with regard to Fellini's own experiences?  As is the case with many of the other sequences in the film, the answer is left up to the viewer.<br />Amarcord is thus not so much about reconstructing mirror images of the past, but rather more about how we would like to, and thus do, remember the past through our own distorted points of view.  Andrei Tarkovsky deals with very similar themes in his film Mirror, albeit in a manner that is much less entertaining than Amarcord, which was released shortly after Amarcord.<br />**** (10/10)
B000002H33|5.0|The only CD I can think of that rivals this one is ...And Justice for All, which is equally awesome but in a different way. I love this CD because of the incredible energy in all of the songs. Fast, heavy, lyrics about insanity and war. I would have to say the best song on the album is either Master of Puppets or Disposable Heroes, but my favorite is Welcome Home. The music in Welcome Home matches the subject matter so perfectly I can't get enough of it. The only song I don't like is Orion, which apparently everyone else loves. I'm sorry!<BR>&quot;Puppetz&quot; succeeds in giving us more than something great to listen to.
B00005JKN9|4.0|One thing that can be said about Scorsese is that he has a passion for history.  Some of his most famed movies(Goodfellas, Casino) were based on true stories.  This movie shows all the same, it has the harsh realism that most of his movies, just as graphic and in some ways more so than Goodfellas.  With this movie he goes with the same formula as he did with with Casino.  He tells a story, and he does his best to pull us into the era that the story was in.<br />In this case it is based off Irish Immigrants in the times before and during the Civil war, climaxing with the infamous Draft Riots of NY.  It is based off of a character played by Leanardo DiCaprio, called Amsterdam Vallon.  He witnessed his father die in a brutal gang fight when he was 8, and wants revenge.  He is put away into an orphanage of sorts and when he is released years later immediately begins his plans of revenge.  He decides that his fathers killer, William Cutting, is too dangerous and decides to play at being his friend, but he starts to feel an attachment, and his plans are brought into question.<br />This movie had mixed reviews and it is one of those movies that you will either like or love.  The main problem that a lot of people had with it was it was too long.  Though that is more of a patience level issue than anything to do with unecessary scenes.  There are scenes that could be cut, but they don't really take away from the movie in a whole.  They are similar to scenes in Casino, he was trying to make you feel that you are in civil war era New York and it shows.  They constructed the set in Europe and it has a gritty feeling to it that is lacking in cgi generated cityscapes.<br />This movie has a lot of great points.  First off most of the acting was excellent.  <br />Daniel Day Lewis was amazing as the vicious bigot William Cutting.  He is barely recognizable as he is in other movies, here he is William Cutting(Bill the Butcher).  Based off a real life person of that same era.  He wasa member of the know nothings(political group), and may have been a member of anti immigrant gangs.  In this he is part of a group of laborers that form a gang that is patriotic and believe that immigrants of that era are taking away the American Dream.  He defeats the immigrant gangs in the early part of the movie in a bloody battle, and rules the NY underwold from then on with an iron fist.  No one has either the courage or skill to match him.  <br />Cameron Diaz is playing an unusual character for her.  A bitter and streetwise girl named Jenny Everdene.  She's a pickpocket, a house thief, and prostitute.  Diaz looks good as a redhead, she also is believable as a street girl.  Her character is pretty but not gorgeous, tough but not necessarily smart, quick thinker but not a far thinker, good with charming people but short tempered and mean, etc.....<br />Brenden Gleeson plays an interesting role in the character Walter 'Monk' McGinn.  Another character from history they changed slightly for the movie, he wasn't in the time period of this movie, but the character fits.  He is a somewhat noble, but bitter, and a  street fighter, a renowned one.  He carries a club with him that he notches for every man he kills.<br />Jim Broadbent plays the infamous William &quot;Boss&quot; Tweed, part of the Tammany Hall political group.  Who genuinely seems to enjoy this role, one of the most corrupt politicians in American History.<br />That wasn't the only good part of the movie.  The costumes and cinematography was excellent.  The story was interesting and moving, I really got to like the characters and was interested in what happened.  The treatment of history was good despite the minor changes they made.  As well as the classically brutal action sequences, gang fights with clubs, axes, swords, etc....<br />The only really bad parts of this movie that I see is the acting job by Leonardo DiCaprio, whom looks the role of some street tough, scowling and looking thuggish even at times of peace.  But just didn't seem like he was into the role, that his mind was elsewhere.  The delivery of his lines just didn't feel real.<br />All in all I give this movie four stars, I would give it five, but the lead character was just too poorly chosen.  Though he looks right, he just takes away from the story.
B000007WRN|5.0|This has to be her best CD!  I orginally checked the USA version out of a local public library here &amp; was quite impressed.  Although I don't like Madonna for the way she acts &amp; things she says, I thoroughly enjoy many of her tunes--especially &quot;Frozen&quot;, which is the high point of this particular collection.  Because the other songs are so likeable (except for &quot;Mer Girl&quot;, which is the low point of the CD), I just had to get this import out of curiosity over the bonus track, &quot;Has to Be&quot;.  In my opinion it was a major mistake to include &quot;Mer Girl&quot; on the USA version rather than &quot;Has to Be&quot;.  If you like &quot;Frozen&quot;, you'll definitely enjoy &quot;Has to Be&quot;, so order this CD today!  It's terrific!
B00008AWOD|5.0|this is a band you either love or hate. i'd always admired them for their originality although i wasn't a big fan... the music on this cd hasn't changed much from the other ones, yet it has something new and more addictive i can't explain! not to mention the videos are better than ever, &quot;special needs&quot; is the most beautiful video i've seen in years...
6304044836|3.0|&quot;Sabrina&quot; is a nice remake of a classic film (just invoking the names involved in the original -- Humphrey Bogart, Audrey Hepburn, William Holden, and Billy Wilder -- makes you wonder why anyone dared to remake it) . . . a nice romance filled with good, not great performances.  &quot;Sabrina&quot; is a great example of what major Hollywood studios can do when things generally click -- it's a good little movie that (fortunately) doesn't seem to be trying too hard.<br />Essentially a retelling of the classic &quot;ugly duckling&quot; story, &quot;Sabrina&quot; focuses on the maturation of the title character (Julia Ormond, when Hollywood was still in love with her).  Sabrina, the daughter of the chauffeur for the fabulously wealthy Larrabee clan, starts the movie as a dumpy little girl, watching the fantastic Larrabee Long Island parties from up in her tree through the world's most god-awful spectacles.  Completely infatuated with the Larrabee's younger son David (Greg Kinnear, in a perfect role for him), Sabrina mistakenly confesses her feelings to the older brother Linus (Harrison Ford) before heading off to Paris for her education.<br />While in Paris, Sabrina works at one of those dream internships that people get in the movies - assisting photographers shoot models for magazine ads.  Surrounded by beautiful, artistic people in a beautiful, artistic city, Sabrina finds herself and emerges as a gorgeous, sophisticated woman.  <br />Sabrina returns to Long Island and promptly runs into David, who doesn't recognize her as the daughter of his chauffeur and shamelessly flirts with her even though he is engaged to another gorgeous woman, Dr. Elizabeth Tyson (Lauren Holly), who is just about too perfect for words.  Linus, of course, being the businessminded drone that he is, instantly recognizes both Sabrina and David's infatuation with her.<br />This poses a problem -- Linus wants David to stay with Dr. Tyson, both for David's happiness (as he points out to David in a fun scene, &quot;she won't be a burden&quot;) and because Elizabeth's dad Patrick (Richard Crenna) is in tense negotiations with Linus and the negotiations would go better if they are family.  So Linus sets out to seduce Sabrina to keep her away from David -- after neutralizing David in a most creative fashion involving a champagne flute.<br />Of course, during his efforts to seduce Sabrina, the hard-hearted Linus, who has always been a tyrant of a businessman, even as a child, falls for Sabrina, too.  <br />As you can see, a fairly predictable march through the numbers of romantic comedy.  The movie's charm is in its execution.  Director Sydney Pollack brings the best out of his talented cast, particularly Harrision Ford, who returns to the comic form he demonstrated in &quot;Working Girl&quot; but has been lacking in so many of his other efforts.<br />The only jarring note in the movie is Sabrina's over-insistence of bringing up Paris in every conversation.  When looking at an old building on Martha's Vineyard, Sabrina inexplicably snots, &quot;In Paris, they would consider that brand-new.&quot;  While it's not surprising that she would return from Paris quite affected by the experience, at times in the movie it comes across as snobby rather than charming.  <br />But this is a minor quibble.  &quot;Sabrina&quot; is what it is -- an attractive comedy about attractive people falling in love in attractive settings by doing and saying attractive things.  Not great, not inventive, not surprising, but pretty darn good.
B00005JN0A|3.0|I watched this movie for the first time a couple days ago and overall I enjoyed this movie.  But some people need to realize that this movie is a COMEDY and is not intended to offend anyone.<br />The plot of this movie is pretty simple (and a tad bit cheezy at the same time).  Scotty (Scott Mechlowicz) has just graduated from high school, and following the ceremony he is dumped by his girlfriend, Fiona (Kristin Kreuk).  Meanwhile, Scotty also has a German pen pal named Mieke (Jessica Boehrs making her American debut), who had helped him with his German while in high school.  Scotty thinks Mieke is a guy's name, and \\"he\\" is a gay guy who wants to come to America to meet him.  But it is not until after he tells this person off that he finds out that Mieke is actually an amazingly hot blonde who has been \\"saving herself\\" just for him.  So he gathers up his best friends Cooper Harris (Jacob Pitts), Jaime (Travis Wester), and Jenny (Michelle Trachtenberg, formerly in Harriet the Spy and Buffy the Vampire Slayer), and they all venture off to Europe with their own goals they want to accomplish.  Scotty wants to find his true love, Mieke, Cooper wants to get some \\"European Sex,\\" and Jenny and Jaime (who are twins, by the way) want to explore Europe to its fullest.  They make several stops, including London, Paris, Amsterdam, Bratislava, and Berlin.  Along the way, they get into lots of misadventures, such as meeting the Manchester United fan club, being stalked by a gay Italian on a train, going to a nude bench with 200 naked men (the movie could have definitely gone without this), Scotty \\"becoming the Pope,\\" and much more.  Most of the movie is pretty predictable.  Scotty finds Mieke and they declare their love for eachother, (...).<br />The unrated version is essentially the same as the regular version, but it just has some extra features to go along with the movie.  It also has an alternate ending, where Scotty finds Mieke and she rejects him.  Also, there are some funnycameo appearances from Matt Damon, Lucy Lawless (Xena: Warrior Princess), and more.  So with all things considered, if you liked movies such as Old School and the American Pie series, you will enjoy Eurotrip.
6305069611|5.0|I never went into thi film expecting anything that<BR>conventional,considering David Bowie stars in it.But it is a<BR>socially relevant science fiction movie about an alien who comes<BR>to Earth in search of water to aid his draught-ridden planet and<BR>in the process get's caught up in the corrupt politics of human<BR>culture.In the end he basically forgets why he came to Earth to<BR>start with after falling in love and becoming owner of a big<BR>cooperation.The overall message-if aliens arn't visiting this<br />planet there's a REASON!The movie uses stark settings and is<BR>shot very surreally so it isn't for those without the most<BR>open mind to avante-garde film making.Bowie,having already had<BR>mime and theatre experience (and being the dramatic Ziggy Stardust of course) is brilliant as an actor and it is all too<BR>believable that he doesn't come from Earth (I wonder if Bowie<BR>really IS an alien sometimes anyway).But for those who can make<BR>their mind and visual spectrum stretch and who don't mind a sadly<BR>ironic ending you will enjoy this film.
0679457607|5.0|I did. My handicap down as a direct result of this book, but, more importantly, I love being out on the course, regardless of my score. He can let Karen read this book in the expectation that she'll pick up a driver someday.
B000000WCA|5.0|back in the day, i thoguht that this album was really good and fun to listen to--and it still is now. The Spice Girls sang like there was no tomorrow, like cheerleaders, nonetheless, the way they sang actually part of a bigger and better package--their whole persons. The world came to embrace 5 loud, quirky and sexy girls into their ears (and hearts) with their brand of devilish pop that's celverly written and constructed. Even though they sang about silly stuff, they actually were the only ones who got away with it because in each song lies messages of empowerment. They sang with passion and flamboyance. Songs like WANNABE, WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE, IF U CANT' DANCE are slices of power pop that just stick to your head, while ballads like MAMA, 2 BECOME 1 are very memorable, happy, fun. This album brings so much memories--this is to perfect soundtrack to youth that only the SPICE GIRLS could deliver.
0060930349|1.0|I haven't read all of this book, but I have just read the portion about Nixon and Watergate. I almost tripped over my jaw (which was on the floor) as I made my way downstairs to write this. Not once in the 4 or 5 pages devoted to Nixon and Watergate (a witchhunt, in Johnson's delueded opinion) is any mention made of wrongdoing on Nixon's part. No mention, for instance, is made of Nixon's attempt to obstruct justice by attempting to have the CIA stop the FBI's work on the break-in. I don't know what this says about the objectivity of the earlier chapters, some of which I have read and enjoyed. Not being a great student of American history, I have nothing with which to their objectivity. But this Nixon debacle does not offer me any encourgagement.<br />(1 star rating based entirely on the Nixon stuff)
B000148KK2|5.0|Presumptous as it may be, I haven't heard this album but Diana is a princess of jazz and anything she does I love! I will buy this when I can afford it!
B0001UL7RY|5.0|Well what can I say but her second album totally rocks and not to mention shes one helluva singer for her age :)
B0000DZTIW|5.0|This score must be Zimmer's best ever. I liked the Gladiator score very much but by my opinion it can't even compare to this one. The score itself just makes the whole movie more emotional. It is a real classi score that made me enjoy the movie even more.
B0000507QH|2.0|I guess people wants to see this movie for different reasons, I'll try to analyse this movie according to what I expect viewers are looking for and try to dissuade you from seeing it.  There is nothing in this movie where you can't find in another with more bells and whistles and fun.<br />[1] If you're looking for hot arousing sex scenes, forget about it.<br />[2] If you're trying to explore / understand the psyche of middle aged men, forget about it too.  All you'd see is this divorced Professor of Philosophy in his 40s/50s being obsessed about a girl half his age, ringing the girl at all times, tracing her phone numbers, and being confused why he likes the dull boring girl so much.  Interesting, but you might wonder if you really need to spend 2 hours to examine the issues?
0780021967|5.0|I just ordered the Criterion Hitchcock &quot;set&quot; which includes &quot;The 39 Steps&quot;, a movie I've watched many times over the last 20 years, but NEVER in a form this crisp and well-transfered; it's been restored beautifully, and as with all the films(&quot;My Man Godfrey&quot; and &quot;The Lady Vanishes&quot;, to name two)that have been kicking around with duped, grainy, fuzzy prints for the last 60-some years that were FINALLY restored-it's almost like watching a new movie-even if you'd thought you'd memorized all the dialogue and action!  There's just so much that's missed in a bad print.  Here, we have Hitch at his finest....there just isn't a dull second in this film.  It's really as sure-fire as any movie ever made, in terms of entertainment.  I believe this too was Hitchcock's first huge breakout international hit, although happily for us, he didn't &quot;go Hollywood&quot; for another 3 years or so(and gave us the later &quot;Lady Vanishes&quot;-another Criterion must-have).<br />One caveat:  if you're like me(hopeless film buff), you often get these Criterions for not only the fantastic quality of the print but for the often illuminating audio tracks, usually provided by experts of one type or another; I've never quibbled with any of them before, but I have to say, don't expect Marion Keane's wall-to-wall droning to be worth it.  There's generally two kinds of film &quot;discussion&quot;(not counting the sort where the actual director or actors gab, which we get with new films): the sort that's superb, like Rudy Behlmer's on &quot;Adventures of Robin Hood&quot;-an amalgam of film history, film technique, on-the-fly biographies of the actors you're watching, tidbits about the production locations, etc.etc.-nd then there's the OTHER kind:<br />film &quot;semiotics&quot;.  In other words, a commentator turns a smashing, hugely exciting and entertaining movie into a dull excercise in psychoanalysis.  Virtually NOTHING is said about any of the particulars of &quot;The 39 Steps&quot; that isn't a parsing of the symbolism, the framing, that sort of thing.  That stuff's there, of course, and I'll hand it to her that the speaker *does* mention Robert Donat's acting several times(it's excellent, of course!)-but you know, for all her blather about the poignancy of the scene of the Crofter's wife, you'd think that she might bother to tell us the actress' name(Peggy Ashcroft), the fact that this was one of her few films, that she was a huge stage star eventually, etc.  The sort of thing that other audio tracks do so well.lars of &quot;The 39 Steps&quot; that isn't a parsing of the symbolism, the framing, that sort of thing.  That stuff's there, of course, and I'll hand it to her that the speaker *does* mention Robert Donat's acting several times(it's excellent, of course!)-but you know, for all her blather about the poignancy of the scene of the Crofter's wife, you'd think that she might bother to tell us the actress' name(Peggy Ashcroft), the fact that this was one of her few films, that she was a huge stage star eventually, etc.  The sort of thing that other audio tracks do so well.
B0001VTPWM|4.0|The one thing that doesn't seem to be getting any fanfare, with the new release of this trilogy from MGM, is the fact that the first movie, is in fact, the UNCUT DIRECTOR's CUT, that was presently, till now, only available on the out of print (and pricey) Criterion version of this DVD.<br />Oddly enough, even the new trilogy packaging and extras, don't go out of their way to press, what you'd think would be a GREAT selling point, almost as if the decision to use the directors cut, was a last minute thing.<br />Funny enough, even the commentary (which, unfortunately, is NOT the commentary present on the Criterion disc) was made, with the director and crew, watching the theatrical version of the movie, as they keep referring to this fact, and discussing the deleted scenes, EVEN as we, the viewers, are watching the very scenes that they are saying are missing in this version. It also amazes me, as to how they managed to sync up the commentary to the cut film, over top of the uncut film, without any lag or dead spots, where the cut scenes are replaced, but they did it.<br />One thing that MGM did fail in though, is that they placed back in the cut scenes, but didn't bother to colour correct, or do anything, to make the scenes run seamlessly, as you can always spot the new scenes, by the sudden loss of quality in the picture, which, in itself, is another reason that you'd think that MGM would have indicated that this was the uncut version, and explained (as most movies that add in extra scenes, but don't bother trying to fix them up) that the extra scenes have not been cleaned up, so that the viewer doesn't think that the film has glitches, or that MGM's quality is inconsistent (as the overall picture quality is pretty descent, except for the extra scenes, that is).<br />Another complaint about the new set, is the stupidly constructed fold out packaging, as it boggles my mind, as to why they couldn't just use the new, slim DVD cases, in the box set slip cover, instead of the \\"Road Map-like\\" fold out, that you get.<br />You technically need a whole kitchen table to open the set up on, just to extract one disc from the set.<br />BUT, that said, for the money, this set is VERY good, and definitely worth getting.<br />Or is it just me? :)the \\"Road Map-like\\" fold out, that you get.<br />You technically need a whole kitchen table to open the set up on, just to extract one disc from the set.<br />BUT, that said, for the money, this set is VERY good, and definitely worth getting.<br />Or is it just me? :)
B00004VVNB|5.0|This is an awsome movie, even by today's standards. Granted the special effects can sometimes look corny or cheesy, but for the time when this movie was produced, the effects were top notch. <br />The story line goes like this. It is the year 2275. Disasters have forced what remains of civilization into a self contained, domed city. No one goes outside the city becuase they all beleive it to be a barren wasteland, incapable of supporting life. This is because it WAS that way when the city was founded, but that was over a hundred years ago. Since the city was founded, there was realised a great need to maintain the population to acceptable levels. So, it is determined that at age 30 you will &quot;terminate&quot;. If you do not want to end your life at 30, you can participate on the &quot;Carosel&quot; on your &quot;Last Day&quot; (30 years to the day of your birth). The recorded message basically says that if you have a strong enough desire to renew, you will. Renewing gives you an unstated amount of extra time. If you are ready to end, you don't have to participate on Carosel. However, there exist a few people who don't want to follow the rules. They &quot;run&quot; from their fate. To prevent people from running (as well as for general law enforcement) there are a group of cop like folks. Each is refered to as a SandMan. It is their responsibility to enforce law in the domed city, and to track down anyone who decides to run, and terminate them. <br />Now meet Logan 5. He's a sand man, and he loves his job. But one day when he is doing his job and terminates a runner, he finds an Ankh on the runner. He doesn't think much of it. So he picks it up with the rest of the runner's belongings, and heads back to HQ to be &quot;debriefed&quot;. But the central computer DOES recognise the Ankh. It is determined to be a symbol associated with a legenday place called Sanctuary, where runners can go and hide and live out their life normally (as you and I would consider normal).The computer determines that Sanctuary must be either right on the inside of the dome, or outside the city. Logan 5 is assigned to find sanctuary, and destroy it. <br />And so begins his Grand adventure, during the process of which he leaves the city, Falls in love with his &quot;partner in crime, Jessica&quot; (which is strictly forbidden in the city), Finds a man who has more cats than I could count, and returns to the city to try and stop the madness. <br />A very good movie on all counts. It should have been more popular.
B000066NW0|1.0|My uncle Lester said &quot;Go out and get some REAL music&quot; to me and my sister the other day. He really upsets me. But he said that Avril has no talent. He grabbed the CD out of my hand and pointed to it and said &quot;She don't even write her own songs, man!&quot;<br />Uncle Lester says you have to have three things to be a good artist 1) be able to write your own songs 2) be able to put major 7 chords in your songs and 3) be able to play your own instruments. And he said &quot;Avril can't do ANY of that!&quot;<br />So to tick off my uncle Lester I put this CD in his Trans Am and blasted it away. The Hefty bag that he uses for a back window got sucked out of the back of the car when we were on the interstate because we had the music pumpin! It was so funny. My sister Caitlyn tried to catch it but it flew out the back before she could even grab it.<br />The whole time we listened to this CD my uncle Lester made comments on EVERY song. Like just be quiet and listen to Avril. But he said, I'll tell you what REAL music is. Like WHATEVER!<br />1. Losing Grip  <br />Uncle Lester says &quot;listen to &quot;I'm Losing You&quot; by John Lennon instead.<BR> <BR>2. Complicated  <br />Uncle Lester says &quot;listen to the Rolling Stones &quot;Complicated&quot; instead.&quot;<br />3. Sk8er Boi  <br />Uncle Lester says &quot;listen to Bread's Greatest hits instead&quot;<br />4. I'm With You  <br />Uncle Lester says listen to &quot;I'm In You&quot; by Peter Frampton instead.<BR> <BR>5. Mobile  <br />UL said listen to Goin' Mobile by the Who instead.<BR> <BR>6. Unwanted        <br />UL said listen to &quot;Under the Milky Way&quot; by the Church instead.<br />7. Tomorrow    <br />Uncle Lester said listen to &quot;Tomorrow&quot; by Wings instead.<BR>    <BR>8. Anything But Ordinary  <br />UL said listen to &quot;Extraordinary&quot; by Prince instead.<BR>      <BR>9. Things I'll Never Say <br />UL said listen to &quot;Things We Said Today&quot; by the Beatles instead.<BR><BR>10. My World  <br />UL said listen to &quot;My World Fell Down&quot; by Sagittarius instead.<BR>      <BR>11. Nobody's Fool   <br />UL said listen to &quot;Nobody Told Me&quot; by John Lennon instead.<BR>     <BR>12. Too Much To Ask      <br />Uncle L. said listen to &quot;Never Ask Me&quot; by Pete Townshend instead.<BR>  <BR>13. Naked  <br />Uncle Lester said listen to &quot;Naked in the Rain&quot; by RHCP instead.<br />So I listened to all the songs that my uncle said to listen to. You know what I did with my Avril CD the very next day? I gave it to a girl at the mall with an Avril t-shirt on and it really made her day. Now I'm listening to David Bowie CDs instead. And I found that I am so much happier. Wow, thanks Uncle Lester for steering me in the direction of some real music. <br />Josh
B000268QB2|5.0|Who really cares which genre &quot;Hopes and Fears&quot; come under? The rich yet powerful vocals of Tom Chaplin and masterful Tim Rice-Oxley with his keyboard had created wonders in this album. &quot;This is the last time&quot;, &quot;Bend and break&quot; sounded so full of meaning. &quot;Your eyes open&quot; has a beginning which resembles like Radiohead. To simply say, Chaplin's voice made all the difference. This is one aspect that is better than that of Coldplay(I'm a great fan of them) when their songs can get quite dreary but they are still wonderful in their own ways. With &quot;Somewhere only we know&quot;, I can safely say that &quot;Hopes and Fears&quot;, considering that this is Keane's first full studio album, is a grandeur.
B00002MZ2C|4.0|When I first got battle of LA i wasn't expecting the material it contained. For some reason I was a little disappointed but like other cd's i got to listening to it the whole way through and i really grew to love it. It's produced really well, I know thats not something a rock fan wants to hear but the way zach's voice just looms in every song is haunting. I think Tom's guitar playing is at it's peak in this album and it's a bit more creative than the other albums but overall it's a really good album. The hits like Testify and Guerrilla Radio catch on first but it's really a complete album and every song is worth listening to, you can just put it on random and you can't really be disappointed with any song. At this point Battle of LA is my favorite rage album followed by the self title then evil empire. I think Evil Empire lacked some energy but this album is really quite energized being fast paced yet very thoughtful lyrics, great riffs by tom, and a more mature sound. As with any rage album, I reccommend it.
B0000TLA9G|5.0|I agree with the earlier reviewers that it's a great collection overall and that it has great sound quality thanks to the re-mastering. My only complaint (and this applies to almost all &quot;Greatest hits&quot;)is why they insist on putting some obscure track like &quot;Since I Don't Have You&quot; in place of say &quot;Mr. Brownstone&quot; or &quot;Nighttrain?? I mean seriously - a cover of some sappy 50's tune or one of their own hard driving cuts. Boggles the mind what the producer was smoking when they put that one in.
0375713751|3.0|I was a professional working mom for 2 years before quiting my career of 10 years to stay home.  The main character, Kate, is a high-powered, high paid, mom of 2, with WAY too much on her plate.  Although I sympathize completely with the character, her plight seems incredibly unbelievable to me.  She tries to remember to do things at the end of each day (new carpet, birthday party plans, new shoes for kids - all can be taken care of on-line or phone) -- but then she seems to do an awful lot of sitting around at the office and on airplanes, when she could be taking care of some of her to-do list.  Additionally, she is obsessed with preparing gourmet meals, throwing dinner parties, buying only the best of everything, and being the best investment banker in the world! She's making her own life miserable.<br />I do like the fact that Kate is a very complicated character, with a miserable father and jealous sister, plus she's worked hard to get to where she is -- just like all of us.  Her plight exemplifies the complex balance of all women... its not just a matter of stay home or quit.  Its much harder when your job defines you.<br />I was a bit shocked Kate decides to stay home at the end.  I'll bet she's pretty stir-crazy within a few months.  When you get off a treadmill, its hard to get your bearnings!
B0001UL7RY|5.0|Avril's second album definitely has a nu-metal feel to it, distancing itself somewhat from the totally pop album Let Go. However, this is not necesarily a bad thing. Avril truly reveals her deeper side on this album, having actually written or co-written every track of it. Songs like Who Knows and Fall to Pieces are two of the more hope-inspiring tracks on an album filled with angsty, break-up music (Don't Tell Me, He Wasn't, and My Happy Ending among others). The gem of this album for me was the sad Slipped Away, Avril's heartfelt homage to her grandfather who passed away. If you can listen to it with a dry eye, you have no heart.
B00003CXCT|5.0|Finnaly, the Holy Grail of movies.  These classic movies were the best when they came out, and they still are, (Even if the prequals don't measure up.)  From what I have heard and seen of these new dvds, they should be very cool.  I am wondering about the new footage that has been rumard to have been added.  I dont know if they should be messing around with a masterpiece, but since Lucus has made the prequals, it would be nice to have them make more sense.  The 4th disc should be cool with the episode III stuff about the vader suite and all, I just hope they dont give to much away. Anyway this set is a must have for anyone with a dvd player.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|This was a show of quality. Not many on the tube these days. You have to check it out. I hear something about a feature movie being made too. That should be very good as well.
B00000AFFF|5.0|I've been a fan of Elvis Costello since his first album was released a good century ago.  That scrawny guy with the geeky glasses, punk energy and impudent razor-sharp lyrics, the same guy, I believe, who has long been a crooner at heart. \\"Alison\\" hinted, but it wasn't until hearing his splendid rendition of \\"My Funny Valentine\\" that I realized there was more to him than rude boy songwriter. Elvis teaming up with Burt Bacharach to make beautiful music together did not surprise me. Actually, it seemed downright brilliant.<br />Burt Bacharach + lush, though not overwhelming, arrangements + captivating melodies + background girl singers + insightful and moving lyrics + Elvis's vocals = one exquisite musical achievement.<br />Elvis does not possess a flawless singing voice and that is part of its allure. His is a voice full of jagged little edges and roughhewn emotion. His ability to interpret a love song without rendering it cheesy is a gift within itself.<br />Personal favorites: \\"I Still Have That Other Girl\\", \\"God Give Me Strength\\", &amp; \\"Tears At The Birthday Party\\". All in all, though, each one is a treat.
0156027321|5.0|This book is not difficult, yet it manages to touch the heart and the brain and the memory and all sorts of other human places in the course of an engaging, moving and meaningful story.<br />&quot;Life of Pi&quot; is about an orphan lost at sea and the life he had before and after, and I swear it is not maudlin or sensational. The book is full of internal connections, which you can take or leave without ruining the read.  Two weeks after finishing, I remember &quot;getting&quot; certain passages, and yet they were special (not cute) because they were not contrived like scenes in a blockbuster.<br />If you like this book, you might enjoy &quot;The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time&quot; or vice versa.
B0000666DW|5.0|Mastodon, featuring ex-members of Today is the Day, Lethargy, and Social Infestation, awaken the slumbering heavy music scene on their debut full-length REMISSION. The band's prodigious ability bridges the soulful and technical as Herculean yet incisive songwriting is effortlessly fused with an expansive and emotive tenor. Creative, distinct, graceful and strong, Mastodon's REMISSION features the traits of a benchmark release, a standard to which others will be held and ultimately measured.
0385512104|5.0|Mark Haddon set out to write a book from the perspective of a particular person -- Christopher -- without focusing on an illness or the author's view of how a person-with-an-illness works, and his warm and wonderful success is a gift to us all. It's respectful, compassionate, and unforgettable.<BR>This book is *not* about a disease. The main character never refers to himself as autistic, though his differences from other folks, and the obstacles he faces, are present in every aspect of his story. Christopher is not beleaguered by who he is -- he is busy being that person. Christopher wants  to understand what is going on, and has his own goals.  Go Christopher!<BR>Haddon, as author,  has placed himself, with love and respect, completely in the shoes of his main character, and we get to &quot;be&quot; and &quot;feel&quot; him in a way that I do not remember with any other character. <BR>If you like this book, you might enjoy &quot;Life of Pi,&quot; as well.
B00024I31C|5.0|There can be no doubt that Cale has not only returned; he seems to have spent the past 8 years soaking in his own creative juices and come up with one of his career's most mature and consistent efforts. It is often said that few can listen to Cale without hearing Clapton's voice. Even though Cale has profited handsomely from Clapton's covers of &quot;Cocaine&quot; and &quot;After Midnight,&quot; it is rather tragic that Cale's music is rarely spoken of without Clapton's name being dropped (as even the Amazon review above demonstrates). But how doubly unfortunate it is to suggest that Cale's very sound -- a profoundly distinctive slice of Americana -- is indistinguishable from Clapton's. Even Clapton's most devoted fans have to admit that the man is increasingly struggling to fuse his music with just a scrap of soul. As the Amazon review aptly observes, Cale's refusal to inflate his already gargantuan reputation throughout the music industry by chucking out some substanceless, star-studded extravaganza is as strong a testament as anything to the man's authenticity. While Clapton fills the liner notes of his albums with a catalog of iconic merchandise, Cale delivers an album as immediate in its music as it is lacking in the kind of haughty self-promotion and laurel-resting so characteristic of Clapton. As acts like Van Morrison, Skynyrd or the Rolling Stones drift farther from the glories they cashed in on, Cale, like Neil Young, continues to deliver a sound and energy every bit as crisp now as it was back in the &quot;Troubador&quot; days. Performances like &quot;My Gal,&quot; the divine &quot;Chains of Love&quot; and the smoky thump of &quot;One Step&quot; are surpassed not by past efforts but by the surprisingly political &quot;The Problem&quot; which, unlike so much political drivel we endure from the mouths of rock stars, is as intense musically as it is in message. Yet how fitting it seems that the guy whose career displays no concern whatever for fame or money ends up writing some of the era's most timely and impassioned political commentary. Politics is the very LAST thing I'm hoping for when popping in a JJ Cale record, but here he finds a way to present even this startling shift of focus in such a way that it blends effortlessly into the seductive swamp of sound that is &quot;To Tulsa and Back.&quot; After a few attentive listens, there is no way that Cale fans will be disappointed with this record, and many of these songs are so strong that Cale may even win himself a few converts. At 60-something and counting, that's no mean feat, no matter who you are.ends up writing some of the era's most timely and impassioned political commentary. Politics is the very LAST thing I'm hoping for when popping in a JJ Cale record, but here he finds a way to present even this startling shift of focus in such a way that it blends effortlessly into the seductive swamp of sound that is &quot;To Tulsa and Back.&quot; After a few attentive listens, there is no way that Cale fans will be disappointed with this record, and many of these songs are so strong that Cale may even win himself a few converts. At 60-something and counting, that's no mean feat, no matter who you are.
1573228737|5.0|Ater finishing Affinity, I can hardly wait for her next book.  Ms Waters write such a totally consuming story that it's hard to pull yourself away.  I found myself sitting up way into the night and picking up the book at every opportunity just to find out what happens next.  However, I didn't want to read it too fast because I knew there wasn't another yet.  I hope Ms. Waters continues writing in the fashion of Affinity, Fingersmiths and Tipping The Velvet.  I will definitely be first in line for her next masterpiece.
B0000BWVCM|5.0|X2 as opposed to X1 started laying the groundwork for the major epic created by Claremont in the 90s, the Phoenix Saga.  In many ways, that story reinvented mainstream comics on several levels.  As stated in other reviews, it not only reinvented the X-Men, but it also made women major power players on teams.  Storm as a character in the movie has always and remains a disappointment.  Perhaps its a problem with effects, but Storm as a character is a world class or Alpha mutant and an extremely skillful fighter even in hand to hand combat.  She truly flies as opposed to kinda floating around.  Lightning, hurricanes, tornados etc are done in a flash and are focused weapons.  Aside from Storm, the characterizations are becoming fairly close to the comics.  The juxtaposition of Xavier and Magneto continue as the classic two heads of a coin, or the Malcolm X and Martin Luther King in the struggle for equality or acceptance. Later comics play on question of violent revolution in the face of extreme bigotry, but the advocacy has always been the peaceful, noble route that has had the moral superiority.  The minor rivalry of the cool, feral Wolverine and the stiff, boy-scoutish Cyclops for Jean is also classic and maintained fairly well.  The X-men have always had the rather overt theme of sacrifice despite overwhelming bigotry of both the average human, but also confronting the fanatics' violence that arises and the movie plays to this.  Although this particular episode developed the characters, Jean's actions at the end were the harbinger for the Phoenix saga that was previously mentioned.  It is notable, the Jean's sacrifice was rather artificial as her telekinesis should have worked just as well insider the aircraft as outside, but it was necessary for the future story and her character development. The faint green phoenix shape in the water was perfect and probably not noticed by those not knowledgeable about this particular story line. In short, if X3 appears to be thephoenix saga it will undoubtedly be the most popular 3rd intallment of a series comparable to the Return of the King.  It will be however, so superior to X1 and X2 that it will be viewed in a class by itself.  I'm counting the days.
0778320448|5.0|As usual, Debbie has brought together a cast of characters, each with her own story to tell.  Four women who had nothing in common before signing up for knitting classes, each for her own reasons.  Debbie makes each one interesting and believable.  I read the book in a weekend, and thoroughly enjoyed it, as I do all of Debbie's books.  Great work, as usual.  Anxiously awaiting the release of 44 Cranberry Point.
B00003CXCT|1.0|I was extremely disappointed to learn that this release will not be of the original versions, but instead the inferior \\"special editions\\" in which Lucas added new digital special effects and altered scenes to make them more politically correct, such as Greedo now shooting first before he's taken out by Hans Solo. I'm not sure I understand why Lucas didn't include both versions on the discs like Speilberg did with his recent release of ET. I'm going to pass on this release and stick to my old VHS versions of the originals.
B000003TAW|5.0|Perhaps one of the best CDs to come from the 90's, Weezer's self-titled debut album remains their best work yet.  This album contains such greats as &quot;Say it ain't so&quot;, &quot;Buddy Holly&quot;, and &quot;Undone (the sweater song)&quot;.<br />But what makes this album truly classic, is that the entire album is great - even the songs that never made the airwaves.  &quot;Surfwax USA&quot; and &quot;No one else&quot; are fun power-cord songs that might've had radio-time, were they not overshadowed by the album's other hits.<br />If you like Jimmy Eat World, or other emo-rock, this is the album that really started it all.  No garage rock collection is complete without this album.
B00005JMEW|4.0|SUMMARY: Bill and his gang tried to kill Uma and did kill her husband, unborn child and a lot of people on her wedding day. She was in a coma after the attack and had to endure rape until one day she woke up, killed her caretaker, stole a car, and went on a revenge trip. Apparently, neither Uma nor the deadly Viper squad is in good financial standing; they have no guns and they must settle the score by swordfight. yay...<BR>VIOLENCE: Children should not be watching this movie. There are numerous scenes of deaths and decapitations. In one scene, she pulls an eye out of one man's eye socket.<BR>SEX: None except a rape scene. (A white truckdriver about to do it with comatose Uma.)<BR>SHOULD YOU SEE IT? YES! (I'm assuming you don't have a weak stomach.) There's no better way to spend your time than to see a woman, in spendex/leather/sexy jeans, swordfighting.
B0001NBMBC|5.0|In Slipknots third album, they have toned themselves down a bit. Which is sometimes a bad thing for a Metal band to do. Especially if the band is quite aggressive. With The Subliminal Verses, Slipknot proves that they are still great. Even if they did soften down a tad. They now sound very similar to the lead singers other band, Stone Sour. Like in that other band, lead singer Corey proves that he can actually sing and that he isn't just all screaming. Duality would be my favorite song from this album.
B0000AXE8I|5.0|If you love action, you'll definitively love this movie. Don't listen to the other hardcore Matrix fans who were dissappointed. This movie contains many new special effects and awesome action sequences. (For example, Neo fighting hundreds of Agent Smiths, the encounter with the &quot;ghost&quot; programs, the highway chase scene, etc.)<br />Don't worry if you are confused after watching this movie. It actually incorporates many philosophical ideas. If you are incapable of thinking out of the box, don't try. Just shut your brain and enjoy the endless fights between Agent Smith and Neo and his gang.
B00008H2LB|3.0|Ok, first of all, LP made a mistake in choosing Don Gilmore again. Second of all, they could've done a hell of a lot better. Third of all, Hybrid Theory beats Meteora by 100 to 60.<br />1. Foreword - well, it's interesting, for a pointless intro. (B)<BR>2. Don't Stay - it's an ok, track, but I don't really hear much of Mike....and it's got a slight polished pop sound to it. (B+)<BR>3. Somewhere I Belong - good at first, but gets annoying after a while, nice bridge, still a bit poppy. (D)<BR>4. Lying From You - ok, is it just me, or does the keyboard thing sound just a tad TOO annoying?! In some weird pothead way, it sounds like a rooster....hehe. The lyrics are nice, but they could've done better instrumentally. (D)<BR>5. Hit the Floor - I love this song. It's pretty much perfect. (A)<BR>6. Easier to Run - very emotional, almost a ballad, yet not quite. A tid bit whiny, but other than that, pretty good. (B+)<BR>7. Faint - somehting that I'd expect from Linkin Park, a bit more like Hybrid Theory. A bit poppy, just a tid, but nice string arrangements. (A)<BR>8. Figure.09 - interesting sound in the beginning, but the bridge format is a cop off of By Myself. Could have been more original, but it's got a nice tune.(B-)<BR>9. Breaking the Habit - a beautiful song. A bit poppy, but it suits the song. I love the instrumental arrangement of it, and the lyrics are Linkin Park's best. I would've loved to hear Mike sing (YES, sing!) it instead of Chester, seeing as it's pretty much Mike's song except for the vocals. The. best. Linkin. Park. song. ever...(A++)<BR>10. From the Inside - a bit too poppy and whiny, and Mike's voice doesn't have any feeling. A lyrically good song gone instrumentally bad. (C)<BR>11. Nobody's Listening - Nice shakuhachi flute samples. Very oriental with a hip-hop twist. Great chorus. Great song. Second best song, next to Breaking the Habit. (A+)<BR>12. Session - Most people say it's Mr. Hahn's work. Nope, it's mostly Mike. If you've heard the demo(called Secret), this is basically a remixed, less intricate version of it, in my opinion. But it's great to listen to when you have a head ache. (B)<BR>13. Numb - a bit annoying, sounds better live than recorded, but it's ok. Very poppy. Lyrically good, instrumantally so-so. (D)
0792164903|2.0|I liked EDWARD SCISSORHANDS and ED WOOD, both Tim Burton films starring Johnny Depp, and I suppose I was expecting something like that from this one.  While it's visually interesting, like most of Burton's movies, and while Depp manages to amuse in a few places, on the whole this seemed like a very by-the-numbers horror/slasher film.  Maybe a little more stylish than most, but nowhere near as eclectic and clever as Burton's other films.  The scene with the cache of heads in the tree was all right, the scene with the little kid hiding under the floorboards was OK, the early fight scene with the still-capitated horseman was pretty good; but most of the movie threatened to put me to sleep.  It's not a big deal that the story has little to do with Washington Irving or even the Disney cartoon, but you'd think the creators could have come up with something a little more original than a &quot;Friday the 13th:  Jason Visits The 19th Century&quot; type story.
B0001ZMWQO|4.0|Named after the Austrian archduke whose assassination triggered the First World War, Franz Ferdinand are four young Glaswegians who play likeable art-rock and whove generated their fair share of hyperbole and myth in recent months. Still, backstage brawls with Eminems bodyguards and an incident &Ograve;involving a dead sheep and a three-horned bull in Bath&Oacute; notwithstanding, whats the album like? Like the band themselves, who come across as slightly off-kilter but more precocious than pretentious, this debut album is an exuberant, energetic and occasionally messy experience.<br />While Take Me Out cribs its strident chord progressions  from bands like Led Zeppelin and The Smiths, elsewhere self-conscious lines mock celebrity (&Ograve;Im on BBC2 now, telling Terry Wogan how Ive made it. What I made is unclear&Oacute;, The Dark of the Matinee), while others extol youth culture (&Ograve;Its always better on holiday&Eacute;thats why we only work when we need the money&Oacute;, Jacqueline).<br />When vocalist and former art student Alex Kapranos drawls lines like &Ograve;I want fantastic passion&Oacute; (Darts of Pleasure) and &Ograve;youre the boy with&Eacute;sticky hair, sticky hips, stubble on my sticky lips&Oacute; (Michael), he does it with such studied aloofness that you cant imagine him dipping his toe in anything hotter than lukewarm water, let alone in sticky body frosting. Its all just a cerebral tease  the idea of emotion is whats attractive.<br />So youve heard those soft, slow verses and loud, fast choruses before. So youve seen their mock-posturing and faux-dorkiness before.<br />They wont change the world or even the music scene, but thats not the point. Franz Ferdinand just want to make &Ograve;music for girls to dance to.&Oacute;<br /> Well, Im dancing.
B0001NBMBC|5.0|I love this cd.  I don't see how people say its not heavy? Theres still the heavy songs there but with melody, why have all 3 albums sound the same?  What slipknot did this time was awesome.  Songs with solos show the talent jim and mick have, the drums are still insane, corey sounds better then ever, they did a nice job with the acoustic songs too.  Even though slipknot has changed u can still tell its them. Maggot Forever
B0001UL7RY|4.0|After Let Go, I dismissed Avril Lavigne, thinking that shed grow up to be a punk version of Alanis Morissette. I was wrong. Instead, on her second album, she takes her musical cues from acts like The Cranberries and Canadian rock band Our Lady Peace  the latter resemblance being no surprise since many of the songs on Under My Skin were produced by OLP frontman Raine Maida. The opening track, Take Me Away, blew me away with its solid rock tune; shes no longer a whining teen longing for her sk8r boi, she can actually sing and has something to say. Together clearly shows the touch of noted singer-songwriter Chantal Kreviazuk, whose delicate piano notes provide clarity and contrast to Avrils repressive, bitter words: &Ograve;Im choking on you, my dear&Oacute;. Theres anger, theres confidence, theres discontent, theres a dark, haunted quality courtesy of Kreviazuk, but happily theres zero moping or self-pity. My Happy Ending is another strong rock track destined to be played in a loop on many a high school students stereo: Avril wisely plays up to her persona of the punk-rock girl with the kohl-rimmed eyes who secretly wants to belong. Who would have guessed that the teen who once gratuitously showed her butt crack during a live performance on Canadian cable television has cobbled together one of the best rock albums of the year thus far. Still, the massive sonic leap from Let Go to Under My Skin leaves one wondering whether the change is due to Avrils own artistic growth or to the contributions of others more talented than herself. I guess well have to wait for her next album to find out. Meanwhile, Im happy to take this album as is.
B000089RVX|3.0|...and now they're overrated.<br />Don't get me wrong, Amy Lee's voice is truly beautiful.  It's just that they've gone way too mainstream (excuse me if that made no sense).<br />After listening the C.D., you realise that most of the songs start to sound alike.  You realise that only some of the songs truly stand out.  After listening to the C.D.  multiple times, you then realise that the material has gotten old.  You start thinking that Amy Lee could really be writing about some different topics. <br />It's also sad that Ben Moody, Amy Lee's original counterpart -- the guy who she started Evanescence is, has left the band.  Who could blame him?  Amy was getting all the attention, and he, the counterpart of the band, wasn't.<br />Songs like &quot;Bring Me To Life&quot; and &quot;My Immortal&quot; will be here for some time, and yes, they're great songs, but there's always room for new material.
B00028HBKM|1.0|The effects are well done with the gore/torture effects but the events are not dipicted the same as they are in the buybull.  There is a bunch of crap added into the origional BS story ike tables and chairs were made by jesus....LOL.  Worthless movie with cool gore effects.
B00003CXIP|4.0|First off, let me say that the fact that this DVD is rated \\"R\\" should not discourage anyone from buying it.  The contents within contain nothing more violent then Jaws 2 or Jurassic Park.  The only reason that this motion picture is rated \\"R\\" is for the far from polite language within referring to rather grotesque topics. (However this same language can be easily heard in most schools and seen on public restrooms.) Besides that there is really nothing in this video that would separate it from a video like October Sky. <br />       This video's plot line is harding a real interesting topic.  It is about four boys who go on a journey to find the body of a dead kid named Ray Brower.  They are doing this because they know that if they can find this kid's body (while the police cannot) that they will be kind of famous in the eyes of the fellow townspeople. (getting their names in newspapers and getting on television) <br />      If I were rating on the plot line alone I would give it only 1 star.  However, the reason that I gave the DVD four stars is because of two others great reasons.  Number one, the acting was magnificient. Number two, because I felt that there was a secondary plot line that was far more interesting than the original.  <br />    I personally felt that this video/DVD was not as much about four boys finding a kid's body that was run over by a train, but a relationship between two of the boys (Chris and Gordie). Gordie had resently lost his brother in a Jeep accident or wreck.  That was hard on Gordie, and it did not help that his dad (who reminded me of Adolf Hitler's father) made it quite clear that it should have been him and not his brother that died. So, to summerize it, Gordie was distraught that his brother had died, angry that his dad despised the fact that he wanted to become a writer, and angry that HE had to live in his brother's heavy masculine-athletic footsteps, while HIS were more feminine-authotorial like. (Gordie had no interest in sports.)  Chris was angry that HE had to live in the footsteps of HIS older brother (\\"Eyeball\\" Chambers) who language rivals that of Fred Phelps. Chris felt that the people in the town had already made up there minds that he was no good because his brother turned out to be no good.  Throughout the entire film there are examples on which Chris helps Gordie and Gordie helps Chris.  However, Amazon limits reviews to 1,000 words so I can not continue with examples. As a closing thought however.  If you think that the video is just a carbon copy of the book by Stephen King, think again.
B00003CXXM|3.0|The movie was good, but the book was fantastic!! Unfortunately, the book and the movie are almost two totally different stories. The girl even has a different background, and Carlos never enters the story at all. Enjoy the movie as its very own story and forget that it's based on a book (because it really isn't). Was Ludlum consulted I wonder? I LOVE the Bourne Supremacy book, but I'm going to TRY and not compare it to the movie that's coming out soon.
B0000027RL|5.0|The first of the grunge records were great, but one stood out among the rest.  This album was Ten by Pearl Jam. The album features guitars by Stone Gossard and Mike McCreedy, bass by Jeff Ament, drums by Dave Abruszzee, and vocals by Eddie Vedder.  The album is a glorious mix of head banging guitar lines, and soothing vocals fit to calm anyone.  The album starts with Once, a song focused on a serial killer.  Next comes Even Flow, which displays Eddie's talent for writing about the things he believes in, this particular song being about homelessness.  Next comes Alive, which was Eddie's personal journal about his childhood.  Why Go follows, and then Black.  Black is a song that is sung with such unbridled emotion; to this day it makes Eddie \\"tear up\\" when he sings it.  Then comes Jeremy, which is a song about a troubled teen that committed suicide in front of his English class.  Oceans is very melodic, Porch has a long instrumental segment, which allowed Eddie to climb the scaffolding in early Pearl Jam shows.  Garden is a very well performed song, sung with the power that could only come from having an extra vocal chord (which, to my knowledge, Eddie does not).  Deep is a great song with wonderful guitar by Stone.  And finally Release is one of those rare songs that would make you pull over when you're driving, just so you can wipe the tears from your eyes.  In conclusion Pearl Jam's Ten is perfect, it is melodic and hard, expressive and hidden, all around great.  This is truly one of the greatest albums ever.
B0001932ZA|4.0|Trashy looking and predictably fun Arnold vehicle based on a Stephen King novel (which he wrote under the name Richard Bachman) has Arnold as a cop turned into a scape goat for the government to pawn off the murder of protesting civilians who escapes prison, only to be recaptured and forced to play the ultimate reality TV show - &quot;The Running Man&quot;, in which he must outwit and overpower a group of sadistic killers called &quot;stalkers&quot; who are armed with razor bladed hockey sticks, chainsaws, death rays and flame throwers. Will he survive? <BR>Professional Wrestler Jesse Ventura, who played one of Arnold's soldiers in &quot;Predator&quot;, plays the one &quot;stalker&quot; who wants to fight Arnold hand to hand. Ironically, both men later wound up in politics. <BR>Dark lighting, a very 80s soundtrack and wardrobe, and ironically, a self mocking Richard Dawson provides a better foil to Arnold than any of the stalkers do, at least in terms of his personality. Arnold is fun to watch as usual, and somehow he looks better with a beard. If this movie were being made now, it would be called a comment on reality TV and the lengths networks will go to entertain the public, and in a way, it kind of was then. And like all women, Maria Conchita Alonso looks better with her hair down. <BR>- Ben Richards: a 40 years old, 6'2'', Arnold Schwarzenegger. <BR>- Amber Mendez: a 30 years old, Maria Conchita Alonso. <BR>- Damon Killian: a 54 years old, 5'9'', Richard Dawson.
0385486804|5.0|Last Christmas I gave this book to my father.  I thought he might enjoy the adventures of Alex (though you know from the start his life will end badly), and thought if things went well I might use this to try to explain to him why it is that I spend all my extra money on travel and why I do illogical things in pursuit of my dreams.  His reaction, though, was nothing but frustration with Alex's &quot;idiocy.&quot;<br />The difference between my response to the book - that Chris/Alex lived an extreme form of the longing I and many others feel - and my father's response is the same gulf that this story seeks to bridge.  Jon Krakauer, who has also sacrificed a great deal and risked his life in pursuit of his dreams, clearly feels some sympathy for Alex's wild decisions.  But the result of Alex's tramping is his own death and the heartbreak that ensues, which seems to outweigh any selfish satisfaction Alex may have received from his experiences.<br />When people create great art or invent something remarkable, society celebrates their achievements in spite of any collateral damage.  But Alex is an example of someone whose idealism was far greater than his accomplishments.  The art he left behind in his notebooks is unremarkable, and the few friends he made in his travels have not been catalysts for improvement in the world.  His one success (or failure) was that he was able to unbind himself from his expected, normal life and give himself wholly to his ideals.  So many of us secretly wish that we had the courage to do something similar, and this book forces us to confront that desire.  Is the pursuit of a dream a worthwhile end, in and of itself?<br />There are no clear answers, in this book or in life, but the question is worth asking, no matter whether you see Alex as someone to be admired or throttled.
B00000G3Q4|5.0|This is the best movie ever made. It was made by a bunch of friends who used to make movies on their old super-8 camera, and thought they could conquer feature films. They were right. Very right. It has inventive camera work, a good storyline, great acting, and loads of blood. Considering it was made for something like 350,000 dollars (really really low budget)it turned out to be great. I am very impressed with the way this film turned out. I think that everyone should at least see it once. The evil dead is a piece of art, and it is a fun ride. I thank you Sam Raimi, Rob Tapert, and Bruce Campbell for your outstanding piece of film making. <BR>- Ash: a 33 years old, 6'1'', Bruce Campbell. <BR>- Cheryl: a 32 years old, Ellen Sandweiss. <BR>- Scotty: Hal Delrich. <BR>- Linda: a 28 years old, Betsy Baker. <BR>- Shelly: a 28 years old, Theresa Tilly.
0553208845|5.0|This book has to be one if not the greatest book I ever read.  It made me contemplate my own life and gave me a general feeling of well being whenever I read it, especially when it ended.  It has to be one of the deepest books ive read and I know it has a deeper meaning, but I can't discribe it in words.  This book seemed to satisfy me, refresh me and made me look at my own life in a clearer perspective.  I am so glad that I discovered Hermann Hesse on my own and not by required reading in my english class.
6305127689|5.0|Top Gun really is the best of the best. this film is all about a maverick(literally)fighter pilot making it at Top Gun, the best fighter school around. Tom Cruise plays an excellent character, without doubt the best character ever invented, and he does amazingly. The soundtrack is brilliant and the script is amazing, with quotes to die for eg &quot;i feel the need, the need for speed&quot;. This could be called a cheesy film, but it will, always, make the audience feel delightfully happy, and with a great ambition to become not only a fighter pilot, but also to be maverick. Amazing footage of planes. This film is perfection through and through. This is not an exaggeration. If you have not seen this film, watch it now. <BR>- Lt. Pete 'Maverick' Mitchell: a 23 years old, 5'7'' Tom Cruise. <BR>- Charlotte 'Charlie' Blackwood: a 28 years old, 5'10'' Kelly McGillis. <BR>- Lt. (j.g.) Nick 'Goose' Bradshaw: a 23 years old, 6'2'' Anthony Edwards. <BR>- Carole Bradshaw: a 24 years old, 5'8'' Meg Ryan <BR>- Lt. Tom 'Iceman' Kazanski: a 26 years old, 6'0'' Val Kilmer. <BR>- Cougar: a 25 years old, John Stockwell. <BR>- Wolfman: a 22 years old, Barry Tubb. <BR>- Sundown: a 30 years old, Clarence Gilyard Jr. <BR>- Hollywood: a 27 years old, Whip Hubley. <BR>- Lt. (j.g.) Sam 'Merlin' Wells: a 27 years old, 6'5'' Tim Robbins. <BR>- Lt. (j.g.) Ron 'Slider' Kerner: a 28 years old, 6'4'' Rick sossovich. <BR>- Lt. Cmdr. Rick 'Jester' Heatherly: a 36 years old, 6'0'' Michael Ironside. <BR>- Cmdr. Mike 'Viper' Metcalf: a 52 years old, 6'0'' Tom Skerritt.
0553208845|4.0|A wonderful book about the spiritual quest of a young man from a privileged family. Through the first few pages, I thought that this was the tale of Gautam Buddha (whose name was Siddhartha too), but it turns out that this is just a tale of another Siddhartha whose life has some parallels to that of the Buddha. An interesting story that will make you think about life and spirituality; it will leave you with more questions than answers. Although the book is set in ancient India, most people all over the world will be able to identify with Siddhartha. Of course, if you want to read about the Hindu philosophy, or about Buddhism, this is not the book you want to read. It portrays both of these in a negative, almost distorted light.
B00003CXSP|4.0|I am surprised to find many people disliked this movie. Personally I thought it was very good. Maybe not the best, but satisfying at least. Since the title of the film is actually 'Hannibal' I knew it would mainly be surrounding Hannibal Lecter, so I wasn't expecting a great deal more from it. However, another point which I also have to get off my chest, is the relationship between Clarice and Lecter. Now, being a huge fan of Silence Of The Lambs, I did think Anthony Hopkins and Jodie Foster had good chemistry. But in Hannibal, I was completely blown away by Hopkins and Julianne Moore's chemistry together. The only disappointment was, in my opinion, there weren't enough scenes between Hopkins and Moore to express this, and probably change the minds of the audience. The other cast members, such as Gary Oldman whom played Mason Verger, also did a great job. Overall I thought the film was definately worth the money.
0061015725|4.0|Crichton does an excellent job of writing a heart-pounding high tech thriller!  This is a story of nano-technology gone out of control.  Those familiar with Ben Bova's tales (Venus, The Asteroid War series, etc.) would know the concept of nano or microscopic computer technology going in.  In both cases the potential is there for both good results and total disaster.  It is scary because science is probably trying very hard to perfect this technology and the way things seem to be designed today; the odds are greater for disaster than good.<br />In this novel, a man (Jack) out of work has to take care of his kids until he can find a new job while his wife starts putting in incredibly long hours.  His wife starts acting very strange (like a Stepford Wife), being very standoffish with her family and acting very \\"weird\\" around them.  She starts beating her baby when he starts crying and is constantly snapping at her kids.  She starts looking \\"younger\\" and leaner especially in the face.  Jack starts suspecting that she may be having an affair and when he discusses her behavior with a few people they tell him it is typical behavior of someone who is.<br />Jack seems to not want to face that possibility or maybe senses something else linked to the job.  Weird things start to happen like a mysterious black line that seems to engulf his wife and then disappear and then Jack sees what appears to be a young man in his wife's car with her who seems to vanish mysteriously.  <br />Other strange things occur like Jack's baby gets a mysterious rash that engulfs his body.  Jack rushes him to the emergency room and the doctors are perplexed as the baby gets worse and worse.  Finally, they call for an MRI.  When the baby is put in there the MRI gets damaged and the baby is mysteriously better.  The doctors mentioned that the MRI has a strong magnetic field so the reader immediately suspects that the magnetism of the MRI destroyed whatever was harming the baby.  Being in the computer field, I know that magnets destroy computer components, so you can kind of guess what was affecting the baby.<br />When Jack's wife is injured in a car crash, Jack is asked to go back to work (at the same company she was at) and go to where his wife was working to solve a computer programming problem that is threatening to wreck a major project involving nano-technology the company is working on.  Jack goes to the facility in the desert to try to help.  When he gets there he finds that some of the people working there, like his wife, are acting very strange.  For some reason Jack never suspects the truth about them even when he sees evidence of duplicates of some of the people being made.<br />Crichton has written a riveting tale that I highly recommend.   The only drawback for me was that the first two pages of the book take place at the end of the story so you know that Jack and his co-worker (Mae) will survive throughout most of the \\"inescapable\\" perils of the book.  This took away some of the suspense of those scenes.
B00004Z459|1.0|and you call this a masterpiece? vanilla ice had more street cred than these clowns.
B0001FR3IG|1.0|Okay, the young guy at the movie rental store said I would like this movie, that &quot;everyone likes this movie&quot;.  Well, maybe because I'm over 35 (unlike his friends), I DIDN'T like this movie, but neither did my teenage son who watched it with me!  It's hard for me to put into words what all went wrong with it -(some of the other reviewers did a great job with that though).  I'll just quickly say that I saw parts of The Ring, The Sixth Sense, Exorcist, and other movies thrown in and mixed all around in an attempt to make another &quot;scary movie&quot;.  Unfortunately, ripping off ideas from other movies didn't work for this one.  In my opinion, this movie is not quite as bad as 28 Days Later, but close!
0385424736|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed Rainmaker.  It was on the few Grisham novels that I had yet to read and after the disappointing Summons I wasn't excited about reading another Grisham novel.  However, once I began I just could NOT put it down.  I went everywhere with the book as I was reading it.  I just couldn't get away from it for more than a few of my waking hours.  Why?  Well, I'm glad you asked.  First of all, the most pleasantly surprising thing about the book is its humor.  It's a mix of sarcasm and wit.  I just loved his characterization of the Defense and their actions.  In one courtroom scene all eyes turn toward one of the corporate baddies after a wrenching testimony places blame on them.  Grisham paints his reaction along the lines of &quot;Suddenly, his shoelaces became the center of his life.&quot;  I couldn't stop laughing after reading that.  The book is full of these quips.  <br />Secondly, the book won me over in how Rudy is portrayed.  I felt really really sorry for the kid.  All the things that could of gone wrong, did after Law School.  However, he was a moral, bright, and hard working kid that was fortunate enough to come across the Black case.  I loved his character arc. <br />Finally, the coutroom drama was riveting.  The legalese was palatable and believable and it showed Grisham's amount of research into the material.  I loved the fact that he didn't make it too easy for Rudy.  Drummond did have some minor wins with the jury. <br />Overall I'd give this film a 5/5.   I can't say there weren't any negatives(insufficient explanation of the fire/death, unrealistic assistance by the Judge) but they didn't take away from what is one of Grisham's top two novels.
B000089RVX|1.0|I got this album as a christmas gift, and i have to say it sucks! The lead singer of the band is terrible, and could not sing at all. I sound better on the toilet than she sings. the guitar work on this album is boring as hell, and the songs dont sound good at all. buy linkin park if you want to hear real music. this sucks! I wish i could give it no stars. i soldthis cd about three days after i got it. i never even wanted it anyway, but somehow i got it
B0001UL7RY|5.0|Avril Lavigne's Under My Skin is an exceptional collection of music from a sophisticated musician who shows wisdom and comprehension beyond her years.  Some reviewers may dismiss her as a typical angry and angst-ridden skater teen or as a product of other performers, but the truth is evident in track 5 of her newest release.  How Does It Feel, a piece that seeks to describe the experience of a newborn child, reveals a musician who has her finger on the pulses and rhythms of life.  Track 1, Take Me Away, is a great rock n roll song, with innovative musical textures that are actually found quite often in Avril's work.  As one listens to this and her first album over and over, those threads and textures reveal themselves.  Yes, folks, she's a good one and she's here to stay.  This album is a must-have.
B000002J0B|5.0|THIS WAS THEIR FIFTH GREAT ALBUM AFTER THEIR FAMOUS MASTERPIECE FOUR CONTAINING SUCH GREAT SONGS LIKE THE RAIN SONG AND OVER THE HILLS AND FAR AWAY.VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.FIVE STARS.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|Being a fan of Tool, I had to give this group a shot. I actually heard this album before I heard Mer De Noms, and in my opinion, is a huge improvement. As far as music goes nowadays, this is probably one of the best 'new' records out there.<br />The opening track, &quot;The Package&quot;, is an excellent and fitting opening track starting out with a great intro, soft at the beginning then pumping in the distortion and harsh vocals, and ending once again in a soft ambient tone. The next track, &quot;Weak and Powerless&quot; makes for a good song which some may have heard on the radio. <br />&quot;The Noose&quot; is one of the albums highlights... you gotta up the volume on this one it starts out pretty quiet. Nice ambient tone put together perfectly, with a somewhat haunting/soothing ending to it with one verse repeated.<br />Next is &quot;Blue&quot; and &quot;Vanishing&quot;, both decent. Blue makes for a pretty good mainstream song, even though I'm not much of a mainstream-type fan anymore. &quot;The Stranger&quot; is backed by an acoustic guitar with no drums, and can really grow on you if you give it the chance. &quot;The Outsider&quot; is about as heavy as this album gets, and is another standout track. After this comes &quot;Crimes&quot;, a filler track with a whispering voice counting up with drums to back it. The following track, &quot;The Nurse Who Loved Me&quot; is an incredibly soft song which may not appeal to all, but all in all is a great track.<br />&quot;Pet&quot; starts off heavy, and although it may not come to you at first, this song is a lot more than just heavy riffs. The vocals are great and the tone is haunting and ambient. The closing song, &quot;Gravity&quot;, is another highlight, making it one of the cd's best songs along with &quot;The Package&quot;, &quot;The Noose&quot;, &quot;Pet&quot;, and &quot;The Outsider. The guitars and vocals are both great and the song is done to near perfection.<br />If you like music, you'll like this CD. It'smainstream enough for many people to appreciate while not getting lost in the all-bands-sound-alike-ontheradio deal. Give it a listen, you won't be let down.<br />Key Tracks: &quot;The Package&quot;, &quot;Weak and Powerless&quot;, &quot;The Noose&quot;, &quot;Pet&quot;, &quot;Gravity&quot;
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I find the characters engaging, the stories plausible (an important thing for sci-fi), and the dialogue fantastic. Every scene has depth. I have watched the complete series several times now and still notice new things. If you have watched much sci-fi, you'll know how rare it is to find a series that maintains a &quot;silence in space&quot; policy.<P>I am a huge fan of this television series. If you like shows with nuanced performances and realistic characters check this show out.
B00005JMUA|5.0|Pure Tarantino genius.  Vol.2 wraps up Vol.1 perfectly.  Vol.1 is action-driven while Vol.2 gives us the story behind the action and fleshes out the characters.  Uma Thurman is incredible as \\"The Bride\\" taking care of \\"unfinished business\\" with the infamous Bill.  In the words of Elle Driver, \\"pretty cool, huh.\\"  Watch this movie, you'll be blown away.
B00028HBKM|5.0|This movie emphasizes the spiritual battle of Satan verses Jesus, rather than the Jews verses Jesus.  It is a reminder that Jesus died for all, and because of us all.  Also, this movie does a great job of showing the impact of Jesus on the personal relationships he had.  Ignore the hype and SEE THIS MOVIE FOR YOURSELF!
B0001BKAEY|1.0|At the beggining of matrix 3 neo is trapped in the matrix somehow. He seperated his mind from his body is what he thinks. And that one thing kinda leads to an interesting theory...<br />When the bodyguards at the parking lot encounter seriph, one of them calls him wingless. WINGLESS, meaning he cannot fly anymore. Meaning at one point he could fly, like Neo.<br />Here is the point, at the end of revolutions the oracle says we may not have seen the end of neo. You know like the rebirth of christ.(I know it's cheesy)But what she is saying is interesting only because he will return just without wings(human,rebel,side) because his brain may have been altered by the machines but his soul will not. He is still dead but a copy of himself will be part of the system I think. <br />It is interesting to theorize pieces of this movie, but still the rest of this movie needed serious work.
B000008LNS|3.0|Its always been hard for me to figure out how much I like this album. On one hand I find it brilliant, on the other hand there are definetely things about Kingdom of desire that annoys me. First of all the length of the album. 69 minutes is simply too long for this Toto-album, which by the way definetely is Totos hardest sounding ever. I wish that Gypsy train would never end up on of the groups albums. The song is boring, almost 7 minutes long and Lukathers solo sounds like some late 80es &quot;heavy-rock-thing&quot;. I am thankful for the skip-button on my CD-player, because the rest of the album is much much better, even though I wish they never would have recorded the clich-ridden ballad 2 hearts, which would probably have been a bit hit had Bon Jovi recorded it. I also have to question myself what was the reason for the horrible lyrics in She knows the devil, especially when comparing to the very touching lyrics in Wings of time. Well...who knows?<br />I cannot compare this album to anything else I have in my CD-collection. I would just say that it sounds like Toto with an harder edge, and no, I will never ever compare it to Bad English or any other of these crap-bands of the late 80es and early 90es. I am sick of people cathegorizing Toto and putting them into boxes with bands like the abovementioned, as well as Journey, Foreigner or Survivor. Those bands never caught my interest, so please.....Toto is a band of their own league and their inspiration comes from the real heroes such as the Beatles, Pink Floyd or Jimi Hendrix. <BR>Kingdom of desire is Totos goodbye to the 80es and welcome to the 90es, with its rawness, far away from the polished sound of the 80es. Not their best album, but definetely good.
B0000AQVCL|5.0|I find Jet and this CD refreshing in an auspicious and awe-inspiring way! Kudos gentlemen. Good job. Hard work, or should I say in PG-13 lingo (*$#X) good job! Somehow, someway, this band has captured the heart of true and traditional rock -- not rock-a-billy, not hip-hop, not dance and certainly not what many would call punk. If you enjoy rock for what it is -- the colorful texture of it, the lead guitar, the bass, the drums, the great vocals, the better-than-garage-basement-sceen, then you'll enjoy Jet and the Get Born CD. They are certainly a band to keep an \\"ear\\" on. It's a true birthing! The mere title of the CD donates this. If you have no concept of the true \\"heart\\" in rock and its many pleasures, you may as well walk away. But let's get to the heart of it; as Aerosmith and other hardened fans of \\"true\\" rock will contest -- WALK THIS WAY! You'll not be disappointed. You'll resonate to the sounds of Jet and you'll find true rock and \\"ear candy\\" This CD is Excellent!  I highly applaud Jet. Enjoy!
B00005JMFQ|4.0|I just saw the movie Love Actually. And I must say, Hugh Grant makes a very charming prime minister of England. I'm sure there were some sleepless nights where he had to decide if he wanted to play that role or not. The only qualm I have with the film is that it portrarys America in a quite sleazy vein by making Billy Bob Thornton the president and having him hit on an intern, but I guess that was Bill Clinton's come-uppin's for what he did. I thought the world had gotten over that but maybe I was wrong. It gave Grant the chance to give what was probably the best speech in the movie though about defending Britain and it may be small but it can stand up for it's convictions, etc... I didn't quite understand a scenario where two peolpe met in what seemed a [hot] movie set. It was while I was watching the behind-the-scenes that I learned these two people were movie \\"stand-in's\\" for other movie stars...I think. Hugh Grant proves once more that one of the tried and true ways of being charming on film is 1. always have the perfect bedhead, 2. act like you're stumbling your way through life, and 3. have a british accent doing it.
B00007LTIA|1.0|When this came out it was the first Yes album released that I didn't/wouldn't buy! I listened to it over at a buddies place and I'm almost certain the reason he bought it was to get rid of people he didn't like. This album is a chore!! Tales is just soooooo introverted and pretentious that it is the definition of self-indulgent wankery. <br />We wrote a review of Tales for the school newspaper when it came out and it was the only time we couldn't bring ourselves to listen to the album as we were writing. Painfully boring boring boring! I honestly can't understand why anyone would like this album. Tales is without doubt as tedious as any political filibuster and to be forced to listen to this never ending album (CD) would have to be considered cruel and unusual punishment for even the most heinous crimes against society. <br />I like Yes but this one's a real stinker!
0385720920|5.0|Choke is almost a tie-breaker for favorite book along with Survivor. Both are well worth the time and worth a re-read. Choke is also a pre-requisite for anyone who wants to get into the best spots that I hang out at. I'll be waiting at the door, asking you if you've read it, and if not, guess what? No Joe's club, no champagne room, not even a kiss goodbye cause you know what? You don't rock, I bet you don't even have a six-pack, also another prerequisite. One part in the book that's amusing to some, is where the main character is going to sex addicts anonymous classes and he says they ask you stuff to make sure you're really a sex addict like, \\"do you have have sex in public places or, do you cut a hole in your pocket so you can masturbate anywhere you want to?\\" and the main character says, \\"I do now.\\" As the book progresses however the character gets more caught up into struggling with his addiction and his friend starts out as a loser but begins to make more of himself. Long story short- I'm impressed, Chuck, really. And if you keep it up, I might just tell more people about your other books like Fight Club, but you better treat me really royale.
6305508550|5.0|Mike Judge's profound comedy &quot;Office Space&quot; has a surprisingly large amount of layers to its foundation. Perhaps one of my personal favorites, &quot;Office Space&quot; explores the daily struggle of Peter Gibbons, played brilliantly by Ron Livingston, a computer programmer at Inatech Corporation. Day in and day out, Peter and his co-workers Michael Bolton (David Hermann), and Samir Naenanagadd (Ajay Naidu) are subjected to the same treatment, with tedious requests from those in upper management, mainly Bill Lumbergh, played to perfection by Gary Cole.  Peter longs for a life other than his own, where he is not confined to a cubical, following the same time consuming, miniscule procedures from 9-5. <BR>   Finding he can take little or no more of this abuse, Peter enlists in the help of a hypnotherapist. Peter is put under a spell that allows him to relax and forget about his problems or his unsatisfying career. While still in the transe, the hypnotherapist collapses and dies, leaving Peter in a state of utter contemptment. As a result he does not show up for work the next day, and does not convey any emotion when his girlfriend reveals that she has been cheating on him. He shows up to work in sandals, asks his dreamgirl (Jennifer Aniston) on a date, and shows the upmost disrespect for management. Still, somehow, after a meeting with the efficiency experts, the &quot;Two Bobs&quot;, including another typical enthusiastic performance by Al McGinley, Peter is offered a promotion due to his honesty, &quot;It's not that I'm lazy. It's that I just don't care&quot;. On a side note, amazingly enough, this is the message I had been trying to convey, but could not find the words to do so. <BR>   Upon learning of his promotion, he is informed that his two friends, Michael Bolton, who made a drastic mistake when asking to simply be referred to as Mike, and Samir, whose unfortunate last name can not be pronounced by anyone, are to be fired. When brought to the attentionof his pals, they form a plan to steal a large amount of money from the company through a computer program. But when Michael makes a severe mistake on a &quot;Monday detail&quot;, their plan falls apart. <BR>   Peter's journey on self reflection continues with the subplot focusing on his relationship with Joanna, a pretty waitress played by Jennifer Aniston, who also revolts against her demanding employer (a cameo by Judge) and his fixation with &quot;flare&quot;. Perhaps the highlight of the film occurs in which Peter completely rebels against authority, as he steals Lumbergh's parking spot, knocks over the walls to his cubicle, and places fish guts on top of the dreaded &quot;TPS Reports&quot;, all while &quot;Damn it Feels Good to be a Gansta&quot; by the Getto Boys is playing. <BR>  In the end Peter avoids jail time, and begins a job working construction, thanks to an unsuspecting Milton, the abused co-worker played by Stephen Root. This movie is much more than a comedy, although it can be viewed as only such. However, I feel that this film has an inspiring message for the average man. Though we can't all be millionaires and have careers we enjoy, it is still possible to make the best out of a potentially bad situation. For Peter, it was Joanna. &quot;I may never be happy with my job. But I think I could be happy with you&quot;. This is a great film with standout performances and inspired dialogue. &quot;Office Space&quot;: a comedy with a surprising amount of realism, in which everyone who has ever faced any adversity can relate to.
B0001UL7RY|5.0|AVRIL'S DEBUT ALBUM ''UNDER MY SKIN'' IS NOTHING BUT GREAT.THE MUSIC,LYRICS ,AVRIL'S VOICE.....ITS REALLY GREAT.THIS ALBUM REALLY ROCKZ.ALL THE TRACKS IN THIS ALBUM IS SUPERB.....I CANT STOP LISTENING TO SOME OF THE SONGS.ITS REALLY EXCELLENT.
B000002WUD|5.0|Even the Amazon.com comments had to mention the stereotypical myth of Elvis as the drug addicted, addled, fat, past his prime crooner. Fact is, Elvis was at his physical and artistic peak between 1969 and 1975. It was only the last 2 or 3 years of his life that Elvis got heavy, and the drugs went out of control. Even during that sad period, his voice continued to grow richer, his range growing as well. Bono characterized Elvis at the end of his life as an &quot;opera singer,&quot; which is only a slight exaggeration, as is evident in tracks like &quot;Hurt.&quot; The purists aren't going to like this, but Elvis' voice in the 50's was immature, and the sound quality sucked. In the 60's came the horrific movie songs from the horrific movies. So, in the 70's, Elvis' voice was at its peak, the sound was much improved, and for the most part, the songs were awesome--even if most are covers. Most of Elvis' covers are better than the original artist's performance. Elvis was at his very best in the 70's. You can't do better than this box set. It is the best of Elvis' best years.
B00005JKCH|4.0|I don't get as excited about a man swinging around a cityscape in tights as I would have at age eleven, but Raimi's film version of the classic Marvel comic character stands as one of the best film translations of a comic book to date. He manages to weave the classic Spider-Man origin story with an effective plotline, well-developed characters, and reality-bending special effects. I saw this in the theater in 2002, but my wife wanted to watch the DVD after the recent &quot;Spider-Man 2&quot; trailers piqued our interest. Tobey Maguire is an inspired choice for the mild-mannered Peter Parker-turned-webcrawler, and Willem Dafoe plays a sufficiently nasty villain in the Green Goblin. It's almost enough to wash the terrible taste of Warner Bros. last three &quot;Batman&quot; movies out of my mouth...
B000002UJQ|5.0|I have already reviewed this album. I have have just one request. Please, no one, ever again, ever, bring up Dark Side of the Moon in a review of OK Computer again, either to ridicule OKC as pathetic compared to DSotM, or to call it a ripoff/wannabe/whatever, or to pronounce it better, or whatever. Really, they're not similar, and you're insulting both Pink Floyd, who are an awesome band, and Radiohead, who are also an awesome band.<br />Thanks.
B0001ZX0OW|4.0|Eastwood's latest is a fantastic drama with a terrible ending. I'm not sure I've seen a movie in five years that made me as mad as this one. Eastwood mixes a plotline that explores the complexity of human emotions and human relationships with some outstanding performances by Penn, Robbins, and Bacon. Perhaps the most potent aspect of the movie is its portrayal of the devastation caused by sexual abuse. <br />As the climax of the film unfolded, I understood that I was watching a tragedy that had been earlier masked as a crime mystery. For a transient moment I thought the film was going to turn into a classical tragedy, complete with the downfall of the tragic hero due to his inherent character flaw. But there is no payoff. The tragic character is Penn's, and just when we expect him to receive the terrible rewards of the havoc his flaw hath wrought, we are treated to scenes of moral mish-mash and the seeming triumph of the tragic hero - not over his failure - but over any moral system which would brand his actions wrong. Eastwood gives the viewer just a phantom's hope that there will be some moral resolution to the conflict, but no more. It is possible, however, that I have misunderstood the film's ending, as it is ambiguous enough to be interpreted in a variety of ways. <br />As I pulled the disc from the DVD player, I wanted to hurl it across the room, as I had done with John Steinbeck's \\"The Grapes of Wrath\\" the first time I read it. Nevertheless, it was the property of Blockbuster. You madden me, Eastwood.
B000002JOH|5.0|wow!!.....like holy sh*t this is one of the greatest metal albums of the early ninties. i was so sobered so shocked by this incredible music. walk,mouth for war,a new level,f*cking hostile,rise lots of heavy metal classics on here. Dimebag darrel is like one of the greatest guitarist ever, he comes up will killer riffs crazy texan style.phils vocals like wow!!! he can scream like sh*t and crack all the windows in your house. so my idea is to please give them a chance they deserve starting with this or cowboys from hell.
B0001HLVS2|5.0|The trailers and TV ads for this film billed it as an action movie, a sort of Braveheart on the sea, and while the film does contain two major battles, it is a very different breed of historical epic: more introspective, more character-oriented than plot-oriented, and with an eye for historical detail to match any period documentary. I can only assume that the Patrick O'Brian novels are as elegant as Weir's script, and the performances by Russell Crowe and Paul Bettany remind the viewer how different the present age is from ages past. There is no historical revisionism here, no transference of late 20th century liberal thought and practices onto historical characters who would have never held them.<br />Crowe's Captain &quot;Lucky Jack&quot; Aubrey is more than a fierce soldier: he is human as well. He embodies the effective leader. We see, for example, his fatherly love and respect for his junior officers alongside his fierce willingness to &quot;grind whatever grist the mill requires&quot; to fulfill his duty to king and country. But it is in the poignant moments with his friend, the ship doctor Stephen Maturin (played by Paul Bettany) that the real man comes out. Capt. Aubrey is committed enough to make many sacrifices to fulfill his mission, but respects the counsel of his non-military minded friend as well. My favorite moments of the film are when Maturin and Aubrey put aside their jobs and enjoy a round of playing the violin and cello, respectively, in Aubrey'a quarters. There is a subtle beauty to these scenes that is likely inaccessible to moviegoers who have been weaned on knee-jerk action scenes and rushed character development.<br />The plot itself is simple but masterful, centering on the nautical chess match waged between two determined and cunning foes: Capt. Aubrey and the nebulous French captain of the Acheron. The numerous subplots would be effective mini-films in themselves apart from the accompanying battles with the Acheron. We see in Aubrey andMaturin two very different men: one committed to warfare, the other to science, and this conflict of interests that exists throughout the film comes to a head when Aubrey must decide whether to allow Maturin to wander the Galapagos Islands studying new species or to push the Surprise on in an ill-starred attempt to capture the mighty Acheron. There is a give and take in this conflict that is the heart of the film, and I will leave it to you to witness the beauty of it. This DVD now has an honored place in my collection, and it will definitely be treated to repeated viewings in the future.
B00005AQGH|2.0|I like Tupac, but \\"The 7 Day Theory\\" is a mediocre piece.<BR>Its not good, its not bad, its just so mediocre it can be.<BR>I think both hes best lyrics, rap and flow is introduced in \\"Me Against The World\\" <BR>The best melodies and variation in \\"All Eyez On Me\\" <BR>And the best individual songs in \\"2Pacalypse Now\\" & \\"Strictly For My N.I.G.G.A.Z\\" (brendas got a baby, keep ya head up, trapped, point the finga, strictly for my niggaz, souljas story)<BR>Its not a totally boring album, good songs emerge here and there but when its mixed up with boring opposites its not funny..<BR>As an example, \\"Toss It Up\\" is a song on Greatest Hits, and i cant believe it.. <BR>that song is so horrible both the melody, lyric and rap, in my opinion one of hes absolute worst.<BR>And I really cant stand the strange sounds he makes in the song \\"Krazy\\" : <BR>\\"I see blodds and crips runnin up the hill, <BR>Lookin for a better waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay.. <BR>My brothas and sistas it's time to bail, <BR>Cuz even thug niggas praaaaaaaaaaaaaaay..\\"<BR>It seems like hes trying to make the rhyme better just by extend the last words (waaaaaaay, praaaaaay) and it sounds bad.<BR>And its many other things I dont like about some songs.<BR>Maybe im \\"too\\" negative right now, so im jumping to the good things : <BR>There is good songs, very good songs.. and one of them is my all-time favourite Tupac song called \\"Blasphemy\\" (probably surprising many Tupacfans whos reading this).<BR>Dark melody and I think the lyric is real good especially this :<BR>\\"I got advice from my father <BR>All he told me was this<BR>Nigga get off your ass <BR>If you plan to be rich<BR>There's ten rules to the game<BR>but I'll share with you two <BR>Know, niggas gon' hate for whatever you do <BR>Now rule one get yo cash on M.O.B. <BR>That's Money Over Bitches cause they breed envy <BR>Now rule two is a hard one <BR>Watch for phonies <BR>Keep yo enemies close nigga <BR>Watch yo homies <BR>It seemed a little unimportant <BR>When he told me I smiled <BR>Picture jewels being handed <BR>to an innocent child <BR>I never knew in my lifetime <BR>I'd live by these rules <BR>Initiated as an outlaw <BR>Studying rules <BR>Now papa ain't around <BR>So I gotta recall or come to grips <BR>of being written on my enemies wall <BR>Promised if I have a seed <BR>I'ma guide him right <BR>Dear Lord don't let me die tonite..\\"<br />and this one : <br />\\"The preacher want me buried why <BR>Cause I know he a liar <BR>Have you ever seen a crackhead <BR>that's eternal fire <BR>Why you got these kids minds, thinkin that they evil <BR>while the preacher bein richer you say honor God's people <BR>Should we cry, when the Pope die, my request <BR>We should cry if they cried when we buried Malcolm X <BR>Mama tell me am I wrong, is God just another cop <BR>waitin to beat my ass if I don't go pop\\"<br />Another awesome song is \\"To Live And Die In L.A\\" which cool melodies and great rap<BR>\\"Just Like Daddy\\" is a nice one and \\"Me And My Girlfriend\\"/\\"Hail Mary\\" is two listenable songs but not especially good..<br />Tupacs most overated, but have some good things..
B00005JMCN|4.0|Most films that try to capture the significance of a sporting event from a by-gone era suffer because they fail to attach it to any historical context. (Billy Crystal's &quot;'61*&quot; being a perfect example, and the recent &quot;Miracle&quot; being the exception.) In fact, that's why there have been so few films that try to tackle a great sporting event. This better-than-average movie, SEABISCUIT, wisely spends sufficent time discussing the American psyche during the Great Depression (and wisely employed the sagacious historian David McCullough to narrate this exposition). Once the scene is set, once we know that the nation is desperate for a rags-to-riches hero, the action of this movie can take place appropriately.<br />As a film, there is a good deal to recommend it. The pacing is swift and sets are very convincing. The cast is for the most part flawless. Tobey Maguire, who gets better with every performance, conveys the pathos of a young man who is forced to be separated from his parent, only to become the wildly erratic jockey and stable-boy, Red Pollard. The always underrated and understated Chris Cooper plays the near-mystical trainer, Tom Smith. Jeff Bridges turns in his standard strong performance as owner Charles Howard. William Macy as fictitious horse racing announcer Tick-Tock provides welcome comic relief. The situations and the interactions among the characters hold this movie together very well.<br />What prevents me from giving this movie a perfect five is director/writer Gary Ross' really over-the-top moments where he couldn't resist some Hollywood stylizations. For example, when Chris Cooper stands in a particularly run-down stable, he sees (a) Seabiscuit being tortured and abused on one side of him and (b) jockey Red Pollard being picked on and harrassed on the other side of him. In case you didn't make the connection, Ross shows Cooper looking again at Seabiscuit and then at Pollard. You can almost see a cartoonish light bulb going on over his head, &quot;Say! Why doesn't this down-on-his-luck, belligerent jockey ride this down-on-his-luck belligerent horse? Duh!&quot; Later, Seabiscuit, who is being ridden by another jockey, pulls up lame during a race, and nearly breaks down. Miles away, kindred spirit Red Pollard inexplicably feels a terrible sharp pain in his shin! Is this the Corsican brothers? Or do I sense Spielberg behind the scenes going, &quot;Hey, remember how Eliot got ill when E.T. got ill? Might work here!&quot; I dunno. These moments happened a little too often. Not enought for me to dislike the film, but enough to prevent Seabiscuit going wire to wire.
B00005AQE8|4.0|This is his most famous and known album but not hes best, in my opinion its \\"Me Against The World\\".<BR>27 songs is a large number, and thats good, but there is real bad ones like \\"aint hard to find\\", \\"wonda why they call u biatch\\", \\"ratha be ya nigga\\", \\"whatz ya phone #\\" and \\"how do you want it\\". <BR>\\"How Do You Want It\\", another bad \\"Greatest Hits\\"-track which shouldnt be there Imo : <BR>\\"How do you want it <BR>How do you feel <BR>Comin' up as a Nigga in tha cash game <br />Livin' in tha fast lane <BR>i'm for real\\"<BR>No.. I dont want it, my answer is Brain Damage! thats what i get when I hear it<br />But its more good songs than bad songs so its just to ignore How Do You Want It-Braindestroyer.. <br />\\"I Aint Mad At Cha\\" and \\"Check Out Time\\" is my favourites followed by the wonderful \\"Life Goes On\\" and the BIG classic \\"Only God Can Judge Me\\" which is so much Tupac it can be<BR>\\"Thug Passion\\" have a real good chorus, great singing from that girl Jewel.. the Outlawz rapping through most of the song but the real intoxication starts when Tupac open his mouth for the last verse.<BR>The opener \\"Ambitionz Az A Ridah\\" is another song where Tupac rule<BR>Some bad songs, some mediocre but mostly good or very good songs.. a very good album
B000022TSH|5.0|Not since Otto Preminger's LAURA had filmgoers the pleasure of watching a classic film noir, until Polanski's CHINATOWN. The plot and characters are complex but chillingly believeable. I can't find anything wrong with this film. It is well-paced for a fairly long movie. The lighting, cinematography, setting, costumes... everything is as should be. The performances by John Huston and Faye Dunaway are eerie and tragic, respectively. Then of course there's Nicholson. Mad Jack was already firmly established on the Hollywood map having already won acclaim for EASY RIDER, THE LAST DETAIL, and FIVE EASY PIECES. This film however fixed him permanently in the constellation of Hollywood stars. ONE FLEW OVER THE CUCKOO'S NEST would soon follow. In any event, his portrayal of an aloof, world-weary gumshoe who stumbles in over his head into an intrigue involving crooked politicians and the money-slobbering wealthy still holds up 30 years later. This is an incredible film.
B00004SZWD|5.0|I went on a huge Stevie Wonder CD kick....everything from the Little Stevie album to this one.  By far, this album is one of my favorites.  Stevie Wonder's amazing, prolific, engaging, heartfelt lyrics, beautiful voice, and luscious arrangements are a definite plus!<br />This album was originally released in the 1970s, but the political and social messages are still relevant today.  The songs that come to mind are &quot;Love's In Need of Love Today,&quot; &quot;Have a Talk With God,&quot; and &quot;Black Man.&quot;  Not only are the rhythms and arrangements funky, original and a perfect blend of R&amp;B and funk, but you find yourself singing alonig (at least I do!).  Also, the love songs on this album can't be beat.  I can't tell you how many times I hit &quot;replay&quot; on track #7 on disc one.  (&quot;Knocks Me Off My Feet&quot;)<br />Not only is this a great album for serious Stevie fans, but it is a great introduction to those who are not as familiar with his work.  These are the songs that are true examples of musical genius!
B00003CXA3|5.0|After two decades of watching squeaky clean LAPD Sergeant Joe Friday on &quot;Dragnet&quot;, and decades of Chicago's favorite fed, Elliot Ness on &quot;The Untouchables&quot;, and then the innocent buffoons of the NYPD on &quot;Car 54 Where Are You?&quot;, it was little wonder that people of the t.v. era were shocked by this movie's unflinching look at New York's lawmen. THE FRENCH CONNECTION, if not for anything else, will be remembered as the film that ultimately de-romanticized the noble cop legend. Popeye Doyle (marvelouly portrayed by Gene Hackman) is the anti-cop. He is not a crooked cop by any means. However, he's bigoted, amoral, prone to violence, self-possessed, and oblivious to the rules of police conduct. Norman Mailer once said of bad cops that they are sworn to uphold the law but feel they are above it; that they are supposed to keep the peace, but are inherently violent. That's Popeye Doyle.<br />The plotline of the film is fairly simple: the police receive information about a major drug operation about to go down, and they try to prevent it and arrest everyone involved. But Director Friedkin infuses the film with the complexities and dreariness inherent in pursuing such a case. I developed an appreciation of the hours of stake-out drudgery that the police go through. And then, of course, there's the danger every policeman confronts. <br />There's something for everyone in this film, including the greatest car chase in movies (even if the car is chasing an elevated train). Note: the elevated tracks that Gene Hackman drives under are the same tracks that appeared in the opening credits of &quot;Welcome Back, Kotter&quot; and, more importantly, they are the same tracks that John Travolta saunters under in the open scene of &quot;Saturday Night Fever&quot;. If you're interested, those are the elevated tracks of the West End line (now the &quot;D&quot; train) on 86th Street in Bensonhurst, Brooklyn.
B0001GOH6Q|1.0|I am a huge Tim Burton fan but this is a real disappointment (especially after the debacle that was Planet Of The Apes). Quirky visuals cannot disguise the fact that at the heart of this story is a very annoying central character. If you want to watch Ewen McGregor grin his way through a movie, then this is the film for you, otherwise watch Ed Wood again to see a real classic.
B0001NBMBC|5.0|disregard the negative comments i said about this album.  ITS GREAT!  after listening to it a few times almost all the songs are bada$$  some standout songs are duality, the blister exists, vermillion, pulse of the maggots, before i forget, the nameless, and the virus of life.  wow thats half the album.  i agree with the other people saying this cd was dissapointing at first but REALLY LISTEN TO IT.  its dang good approach by slipknot.  its not just instruments thrown together to make noise this time corey actually has rhythm in his voice!  excellent album from an excellent band!  go slipknot!
0060955775|4.0|Yesterday I read the Book \\"Veronika Decides to die\\" by Paulo Coelho, It was surprisingly gripping. The narrative style of the book is so simple and smooth. The way in which the author narrate the incidents in the book so clear and griping, it never let u keep the book down.
6305046824|4.0|Format: Color<br />Studio: Polygram Video<br />Video Release Date: July 28, 1998<br />Cast:<br />Kurt Russell ... Snake Plissken<br />Lee Van Cleef ... Bob Hauk<br />Ernest Borgnine ... Cabbie<br />Donald Pleasence ... President of the United States<br />Isaac Hayes ... The Duke of New York<br />Season Hubley ... Girl in Chock Full O'Nuts<br />Harry Dean Stanton ... Brain/Harold Helman<br />Adrienne Barbeau ... Maggie<br />Tom Atkins ... Rehme<br />Charles Cyphers ... Secretary of State<br />Joe Unger ... Taylor<br />Frank Doubleday ... Romero<br />John Strobel ... Cronenberg<br />John Cothran Jr. ... Gypsy #1<br />Garrett Bergfeld ... Gypsy #2<br />Richard Cosentino ... Gypsy Guard<br />Robert John Metcalf ... Gypsy #3<br />Joel Bennett ... Gypsy #4<br />Vic Bullock ... First Indian<br />Clem Fox ... Second Indian<br />Tobar Mayo ... Third Indian<br />Nancy Stephens ... Stewardess<br />Steven M. Gagnon ... Secret Service #1<br />Steven Ford ... Secret Service #2<br />Michael Taylor ... Secret Service #3<br />Lonnie Wun ... Red Bandana Gypsy<br />Dale E. House ... Helicopter Pilot #1<br />David R. Patrick ... Helicopter Pilot #2<br />Bob Minor ... Duty Sergeant<br />Wally Taylor ... Controller<br />James O'Hagen ... Computer Operator<br />James Emery ... Trooper<br />Tom Lillard ... Police Sergeant<br />Borah Silver ... Theater Manager<br />Tony Papenfuss ... Theater Assistant<br />John Diehl ... Punk<br />Carmen Filpi ... Bum<br />George 'Buck' Flower ... Drunk<br />Clay Wright ... Helicopter Pilot #3<br />Al Cerullo ... Helicopter Pilot #4<br />Ox Baker ... Slag<br />Lowmoan Spectacular ... Dancer<br />Ronald E. House ... Dancer<br />Alan Shearman ... Dancer<br />Joseph A. Perrotti ... Dancer<br />Rodger Bumpass ... Dancer<br />Ron Vernan ... Dancer<br />David E. Harshbarger ... Soldier, Bum in Theater<br />Ken Tipton<br />Barron Winchester ... Sewer Dweller<br />John Carpenter ... Secret Service #2/Helicopter Pilot/Violin Player<br />Debra Hill ... Computer<br />Carla Barnett ... Gypsy<br />In this story, supposedly set in 1997 (which was the future when the film was shot), the crime rate in the U.S. has supposedly risen 400 percent and, as a consequence, the country has turned the most useless of its cities (there may be some argument here, but not much, I suspect) into a giant walled prison.  The whole of Manhattan Island is a giant jail from which there is never any return, like the original Botany Bay (Australia).  Surprisingly, they didn't have to change much.  It looks, to me, just like Manhattan Island before Giuliani.  There is grafitti painted over grafitti, no working telephones on the street (they've all been vandalized), the garbage litter is everywhere, and even the people look and act familiar.<br /><br />The President of the United States (Donald Pleasence)is on his way to a summit meeting, when a terrorist (there the similarity changes--it's a young female of European extraction, apparently) crashes Air Force One into the chaos and anarchy of the Prison of New York, along with a bunch of important tapes and papers.<br /><br />Enter the hero, Snake Plissken (Kurt Russell), who is a former hero, decorated by the president for his daring exploits, turned bank robber, who has been sentenced to prison in New York for the rest of his life.  But the Police Commissioner stops his incarceration, has a fatal device planted in his arteries which can only be deactivated when he completes his mission to save the President.  He has 20 hours to do so, or die.<br /><br />There is an interesting cast, including Ernest Borgnine as a cabbie, who is probably the best actor in the lot, along with Pleasence.  Russell plays his part very well, as well as does Adrienne Barbeau and Harry Dean Stanton.  Isaac Hayes was well cast in his part as the Duke of New York because he looked menacing.  Other than that, there was not much acting to his part.  O.J. could have done it, as far as the acting requirement is concerned, if he could keep from smiling for a moment.<br /><br />This was an interesting story.  I was particularly impressed because, when I was in Manhattan in the mid-'seventies, it was astonishingly similar.  They would not have had much to do to use it as the set.  I'm sure, however, that the set was a mock-up--but very well executed!  My negative impression of the city and its inhabitants is probably apparent. Not an attractive place to live. The cabbies hatted to drive parts of it, like the Bronx.<br />  Usually, the movies clean it up considerably.  This was a refreshingly realistic change.<br />  &quot;The city&quot; in those days struck me as a behavioral sink much like one used in classical psychology 101, describing the behavior of rats in a densely populated area where the young females voluntarily leave the safety of their protected caves, where the harems are guarded by giant males, for the excitement and danger of a free-for-all environment, only returning eventually much the worse for wear, after a taste of &quot;life in the big city&quot;.<br /><br />Joseph (Joe) Pierre<br /><br />author of Handguns and Freedom...their care and maintenance<br />and other booksis was an interesting story.  I was particularly impressed because, when I was in Manhattan in the mid-'seventies, it was astonishingly similar.  They would not have had much to do to use it as the set.  I'm sure, however, that the set was a mock-up--but very well executed!  My negative impression of the city and its inhabitants is probably apparent. Not an attractive place to live. The cabbies hatted to drive parts of it, like the Bronx.<br />  Usually, the movies clean it up considerably.  This was a refreshingly realistic change.<br />  &quot;The city&quot; in those days struck me as a behavioral sink much like one used in classical psychology 101, describing the behavior of rats in a densely populated area where the young females voluntarily leave the safety of their protected caves, where the harems are guarded by giant males, for the excitement and danger of a free-for-all environment, only returning eventually much the worse for wear, after a taste of &quot;life in the big city&quot;.<br /><br />Joseph (Joe) Pierre<BR><BR>author of Handguns and Freedom...their care and maintenance<BR>and other books<br />
B0001IN07Q|5.0|Simply put --- Michael is the real deal. Looks, sound, personality and a genuine gift of being a natural entertainer.<br />I was first really introduced to Michael on Ellen Degeneres' tv show, and now consider my self a 'Bubleholic' - everything I've heard, read and watched has impressed me. He is a legend in the making. This video is a glimpse into the man and his music, his life and values, and the most beautiful music he makes.
B0001CCXY8|1.0|The only beauty/talent expressed in this album lies in the evenness and precision of their unflagging rhythms.  Other than that what could possibly be special about this album?  The singing is just a broadband set of frequencies that lacks dynamic, melodic and rythmic (the singing only emphasizes the basic pulse) sophistication.  The lyrics are corny (BTW just look...look at the names of the tracks, Frantic Disembowelment for example).  The guitar plays almost-as-uninteresting things (playing in phrygian all the time gets old).  The tracks lack variety.<BR>I can see the general desire for angry music, but it should be seductive (I don't mean sexually), thus drawing people into it.  The artists demonstrate a lack of understanding of music in general, theoretically and conceptually.  Don't support filth like this.  In three words - uninteresting, masturbatory hatred.  Listening to this music will only make you a lesser person.  You are not hard core for enjoying this, only tasteless.
0783240236|5.0|TEN REASONS TO LOVE &quot;THE BIRDS&quot;:<br />1.  THE EERIE EFFECT OF NOT HAVING ANY MUSIC DURING THE FILM, JUST THE SCREECHING OF THE BIRDS.  REALLY SPOOKY.<br />2.  JESSICA TANDY'S PORTRAYAL OF A LONELY AND JEALOUS, AND ULTIMATELY, DESPERATE WOMAN WHO DOESN'T WANT TO BE ABANDONED.<br />3.  THE SCHOOLHOUSE SCENE, FROM THE TIME TIPPI SITS ON THE BENCH TO ITS CHILLING FINALE.  WHO CARES IF ALL THE BIRDS DON'T LOOK REAL.  THIS IS AN EXERCISE IN SUSPENSE.<br />4.  THE SCENE AT THE CAFE WHERE THE MAN IS IMMOLATED BY THE GASOLINE AND THE WONDERFUL CAMERA ANGLES AND TRICKS HITCH USED.<br />5.  THE SCENE IN THE HOUSE WHEN THE SPARROWS AND ALL OTHER KINDS OF BIRDS COME DOWN THE CHIMNEY.  JUST IMAGINE THAT HAPPENING IN YOUR HOUSE.<br />6.  THE DELIGHTFUL CAST OF FAMILIAR FACES IN SMALL ROLES:  CHARLES MCGRAW, RICHARD DEACON, MALCOLM ATTERBURY, ETHEL GRIFFIES, DOREEN LANG.  THEY ADDED A LOT TO THE ATMOSPHERE.<br />7.  SUZANNE PLESHETTE, ONE OF OUR MOST UNDERAPPRECIATED ACTRESSES, WHO SHOWED US HOW LONELY SHE WAS, AND STILL IN LOVE WITH TAYLOR.<br />8.  ROD TAYLOR AS MITCH.  A MAN'S MAN KIND OF ACTOR, WITH A BRAWNY BODY AND SOFT BLUE EYES, AND JUST A HINT OF AN ACCENT.  THIS AND &quot;TIME MACHINE&quot; ARE ENOUGH TO PUT TAYLOR IN THE HALL OF FAME FOR TERROR MOVIES.<br />9.  VERONICA CARTWRIGHT WHO PLAYED LITTLE KATHY, JUST KNOWING THAT SOME 20 YEARS LATER, SHE WOULD FACE AN EVEN GREATER FEAR THAN BIRDS:  THE MONSTER IN &quot;ALIEN.&quot;<br />10.  THE HAUNTING FINALE WHEN TAYLOR GOES OUT TO GET THE CAR AND THE BIRDS SIT THERE TAUNTINGLY.  SHEER BRILLIANCE.<br />THE BIRDS is the best of Hitchcock!!!!
B00008YLV2|5.0|never before have i been interested in war movies, quite frankly they bored me sensless.  when my friends pressured me into seeing the film at the movies i didnt know what to expect.  by the end of the movie i was in tears, i never cry at movies, especially infront of my boyfriend.  i was so touched and so overwhelmed by this movie, that i had to buy and see everything about the event that had happened.  i read the book ten time and watched the normal one fifty times. when this deluxe edition came out i knew i had to get it.  the special features took my breath away and i watch it at least twice or more a month.  this is a must get if you loved the film as much as i did.
0838577016|5.0|I used this in medical school, then graduate school, finding the length and quality improve with succeeding editions of the volume. Very well known chapter editors create a 'Scientific American-like' view of the Basic Neurosciences. This book is grossly inadequate if you want to pass medical and graduate school exams. It's like a &quot;candy-coated&quot; atlas of neuroscience. There are not many rigorous equations to learn in the book. For that you will need From Neuron to Brain or even a higher book such as Theoretical Neuroscience. The strength of this book is the beautiful color illustrations. Its weakness is that it does not cover &quot;hard-core&quot; electrophysiology. Ohm's Law and the cable theory of the squid giant axon are covered, but where is Heisenberg-James' Theory of the quantum vesicle exocytosis, 'HJ' Theory of the Mind, and Boolean algebra. No mention of these ideas. You would have to go to Sir John Eccles' The Self & Control of its Brain, as well as Henry Stapps Mind, Brain, & Quantum Mechanics for further expansion on such theories. Also, where is Bayes Theorem and a discussion of probabilistic Populations of Neurons. Entropy is not discussed. A useful reference is Information Theory & the Brain by Baddeley for this. Ballistic, and Biofeedback are not discussed. Refer to Roger Carpenters' Movements of the Eyes & Neurophysiology 4th ed. Magnetic Stimulation and fMRI are alluded to but not incorporated as valid tools in the study of the Nervous System. Alan Kingstone with UBC, Vancouver, Canada has written a good reference on this. I have not really used this book since graduate school. This text is a very good overview of Neuroscience ranging from cell biology of neurons, ion channel physiology, to Movement Control, to Cognition & Memory. Phenomena like LTP & LTD have their own individual chapters. I still own this book and will keep it as a nice reference even though I do not refer much to it in my daily work.
B00000G6PJ|5.0|if you want an upgraded/punchier/clearer/louder sound, you cant go wrong here. it is the best sounding version of this album to date. i also have the new uk boxset and this sounds identical to disk one of the boxset (both are mastered from the analog master to my knowledge!?).
B0001KZM3O|5.0|This album hits me close to home and even though i had relatives in WWII,none of them died.Wow,i bought this album way back in 2000 and only liked 2 songs,the final cut and not now john,so i traded it in for atom heart mother.Then i saw this new remastered version with when the tigers broke free ,so i bought it and i was amazed at how amazing this album is.its a look inside of the crazy mind of mr.Roger Waters,whose father died in WWII and who this album is dedicated too.Heres a song by song review:                      the post war dream A- :starts off with a t.v. and sets the mood.                 your possible pasts A+:this one has a big message and roger screams[do you remember me?how we used to be?do you think we should be closer?]          one of the few B+:starts off with a acoustic guitar and clocks and has the make em laugh,make em cry refrain.         when the tigers broke free A-:a powerful narritive with a backing orchestra.                                the hero&quot;s return B+:a rocker that tells about the main characters middle age.                                       the gunners dream A-:tells about being a gunner and being in a battle       paranoid eyes B+:about the effects of post war trauma.                         get your filthy hands off my desert B+:short but sweet,missle sound effect is awesome                                 the fletcher memorial home A+:touching,most popular song off album                                       southampton dock:short song about going off to war.                           the final cut A+:best song.about suicide.                                 not now john A+:hard rocker in the style of money.gilmour&quot;s only vocal.   two suns in the sunset B+:about nuclear holocauest.this album brought me to tears and it will you, too.
081292343X|5.0|As a first-time writer, Obama does a wonderful job in relating the stories that affected his life.  Obama details his personal reflections on his family, his childhood, race in America, and what it means to be biracial in a multi-ethnic society.  Obama is painfully honest in discussing his life, which is not only rare for a politician but requires a tremendous amount of self-understanding and respect for the reading public.  This book is a must read for those who are interested in Obama as a politician and for those who have an interest reading first-hand accounts of growing up in America as an &quot;other&quot;.
B00000JZC4|4.0|Filter will never surpass Nine Inch Nails.  Richard Patrick has a good album here but it will never be a masterpiece like the Fragile or Downward Spiral.  The Fragile is masterpiece that will be remembered longer the &quot;The donward Spiral&quot;  It's sad your like the rest of the people and didn't listion to the album and just hoped for another &quot;closer&quot;. Sorry your to blind to see the real meaning behind album.
B00005B1EX|5.0|That is why he is called the Metal God!  His range, stage persona, music, is just simply....THE BEST!  Ripper....Take a seat and let the real Metal God show you how the Priest is supposed to sound.  You did good...But No one can beat Rob.  Although Bruce Dickinson is not someone to forget...This album is (almost, except for other Priest, Fight, or Halford cd's) all you need to keep in your player!
B0000019PA|5.0|I originally bought this CD just on the recommendation that it was similar to the Decemberists, whose albums I adore. Like the previous reviewer, it took a few listens to get into but after that the catchy yet melancholy tunes get under your skin. After attuning myself to the music I concentrated on the lyrics and found a plethora of wonderfully vivid, original, horrifying and beautiful imagery. Track 8, &quot;Oh, Comely&quot; is a modern classic. How can you ignore a song with a verse that starts &quot; Your father made foetuses with flesh-licking ladies while you and your mother were asleep in the trailer-park&quot;...? This is genius punk poetry - no less!
0316926345|3.0|Typically when I finish a book, my wife jumps at the chance to read it next after having seen my excitement.  When I finished Brideshead Revisited, she declined the offer.  She said it was a boring title with a boring cover, and that I hadn't said anything at all to make her think it was a good read.  Yet Brideshead Revisited is extremely well written.  When it came time for me to write a review of my own performance at work, I tried to find inspiration from Waugh's style; I showed the review to my wife, who was blown away by how well it was written.  So where is the disconnect?<br />Perhaps it stems from the fact that there is no real story line. What is Brideshead Revisited about?  I can tell you that it touches on religion and war and homosexuality and class and family, but I am hard pressed to provide a synopsis.  (I finally concluded that it is a family portrait, which is what adorns the cover of my edition.)  More likely my dissatisfaction is a result of the dispassionate voice of the main character/narrator that gives the story a dream-like quality similar to L'Etranger by Camus.  If the narrator himself is dispassionate, that makes it tough for me to get wrapped up in the novel.<br />I fear that criticizing a modern classic speaks more to my own unsophisticated tastes than to the strengths or weaknesses of the novel, so it is it is with some trepidation that I give Brideshead Revisited only three stars.  The book sat on my shelf for over a decade before I finally picked it up.  What took me so long?  Perhaps it's as simple as it being a boring title with a boring cover.  All I can say is that it wasn't worth the wait.
0553801546|5.0|Short and to the point:  An excellent read.  Buy this Book.  Heck, buy the entire series.  Six books in all for Fitz Farseer.  I dont normally like first person novels but I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE these.  Hobb is a masterful storyteller who weaves a beautiful tale of a bastard prince and the Six Duchies.  Please just read these books.
B00004Z459|1.0|this is horrible. you call this music? every song sounds the same! the vocalist just screams and screams. the drummer sounds like a baby banging on pots. the guitars and bass are boring. and the turntablist sucks!!!! too many damn scratches!!!<br />you call these guys talented? you dont know music!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B0000DJZB9|5.0|I liked this DVD cuz being a 14 year old Guns N' Roses head I had never seen any of these music videos before &amp; i was entertained with good satisfaction. These videos are gnarly and all, they make you wanna be a rock star (Paradise City kills it man) Yeah well I didn't pay for it since I found It in at Sam's Club for $10, i just convinced my aunt. Lucky me. Anyways if you really love Guns N'Roses or you've never seen any of these videos then I guess its worth it. But dont be expecting more then music videos. I wasn't expecting more then music videos so I guess thats why I liked it so much. You get what you see...End Of Story.
B000089CJI|5.0|This is the kind of music you can listen to on a rainy day and feel all relaxed and happy. Synth mixes with good vocals and very creative lyrics. The Postal Service is a pretty mellow sound but they remind me of The Pet Shop Boys' album &quot;Release&quot; but slower. They're very unique so its hard to compare them to any one group. They just made everything seem so cool and flowing!
B0001UL7RY|5.0|After being asked to listen and review Avril Lavigne's new album &quot;Under My Skin,&quot; I felt that I would have to submit myself to another teen-grudge and gaudy pop monstrosity as the first album &quot;Let Go.&quot; Not only is this album better, its fantasic music. Avril Lavigne has transcended (which this day in mainstream pop is almost impossible) from the bopping, neck-tie icon status she was given, to a creator of one of the best Female Rock Albums in the past decade.  Every song still carries the burden of her cute, cliched, and punkish lyrics; yet, the music has matured, I mean MATURED in all forms of tone and power.  Avril is mostly gifted at beginning a song in one soft mode and concluding the piece with the utmost rocking power music can deliver, bringing all the mixtures within the song together for a solid ending. The album's best track is not her radio-play influenced &quot;Don't Tell Me&quot;, but its &quot;Nobody's Home,&quot; which can be considered one of the msot heartfelt rock pieces I have heard from such young talent. I was captivated by this song and Avril, much like I was captivated by Amy Lee and Evanesence's &quot;My Immortal, before the radio ruined that track.(its like you actually feel she feels these words; unlike with &quot;Sk8ter Boy&quot; and &quot;Complicated&quot;) And the album finishes with what is sure to be the new lost-your-true-love ballad &quot;Slipped Away.&quot;  And in the middle, just s great joyride of some rocky, in your mind, feminist music, with a voice that would make new idol Amy Lee actually fear competition in this genre. (Well maybe not!) But this is one of the best albums of the year! Don't just buy this album, try and get it autographed or frame it.  Its sure to be thier best album, and a historical compilation.
B0000C9V3T|3.0|If you have seen the movie, you know that the audio component is a sheer joy.<br />This cd, as a packaging of that 5+ star sheer joy, is lacking and imperfect, not up to the standards of the movie.<br />Here is what makes it flawed.<br />A: It is missing at least 2 standout tracks that I very much want to listen to separate from the film:<br />1) the Chinese Battle Music that plays during the Bride's fight with the Crazy 88's.  The timpani, strumming, and crazy asian chanting are just absolutely delicious.  this should not have been one of the first things to go if they needed to make room.<br />2) Missing the &quot;angelic&quot; music that plays during the scene where the Bride views the collection of Honzo swords.  A very pretty songs that I would have liked to have on the cd.<br />Other gripes:<br />B) The rapping by RZA (who generally did a teriffic job composing here) on &quot;ode to Oren Ishii&quot; is not good at all.  The score as it is in the movie would have been fine.  Instead, they changed the track, and it actually is painful to listen to him rap over the beautiful bit of music.  I have nothing against rap, it's just not good.  I feel like I can hear him trying to think up rrhytms and rhymes and missing a number of them. Someone should have noticed this and said, &quot;tis isn't up to par, either do another rap or we'll leave it isntrumental as in the movie.&quot;<br />I have no other real gripes except that the sequence is not chronological and it doesn't sound especially wonderful in the sequence they have it, so I'm not sure what the point of putting it out of seuqnece is.  Also, the dialogue tracks are not really necessary.  If they were to be icluded, this should have been chronological and they should have been inserted at approriate points.<br />On the whole, this film has a wonderful soundtrack.  Unfortunately, whoever produced this cd did a job of packaging it which I feel is really quite mediocre.  The graphics and all are quite nice.  The disc itself is rather poorly composed.
B00005JMFQ|4.0|I only give this video 4 stars, although it's better than that. Because it is such a good film, it should be a family flick.  It is not.  The nudity makes it nearly impossible to watch in mixed company.  I first saw it on a plane and loved it.  I was surprised when I bought it and found extreme nudity and lewd scenes which were cut from the airline version.<br />As a guy, I first thought it would be a classic chick-flick.  It is actually funny on many levels and heartwarming on others.  I recommend it, but not for kids--and it's a darn shame, because with a bit of editing, it could be very enjoyable for them too.
B00009ATIX|5.0|Personally I found this to be an amazing movie, and have watched it many times. Many people do not truly understand this film, and because of this they say lots of bad things about it. This isn't a thrilling sci-fi movie, and its really not aboutsci-fi in the first place. its more of a philosophical movie, which questions our opinions in life. If you're looking for a movie that is truly fascinating, and will leave your mind in deep, deep thought, then you should love this movie. It keeps you thinking about it long after its over. In fact, I watched this movie several times before fully understanding it. If this movie seems interesting to you, I would definitely check it out. But if your mind can only be satisfied by nonstop action, look elsewhere.
B0000DD7LB|5.0|I can listen to &quot;In the Zone&quot; from start to finish without skipping a single track.  It's THAT good!  There's so many different styles and varieties of music present that it's impossible not to find something to like.  I really give props to Britney for making such a great pop album.  My favorite track is Touch of my Hand, which combines Middle-Eastern elements with very impressive vocals.  Other great tracks include: Toxic, Breathe on Me, Everytime, Outrageous, The Hook Up, and (I Got That) Boom Boom.  I highly recommend this album to anyone, you don't have to be a fan of Britney to enjoy it.
B00005JMUA|2.0|First of all, im a true QT fan, i got Pulp Fiction, Resevoir Dogs, Kill Bill vol 1 e.t.c. So dont get me wrong, but i dont get star struck by my fav directors, i can still tell a good apart from a crap one....And Kill Bill 2 isnt far off that. I'D RATHER WATCH JACKY BROWN. (I know a lot of you's suck Q's dick, but im just sayin, for an action movie, this sucks, okay for a drama, its alright, but Tarantino can do waaay better dialogue. You just cant admit it, & youll probably click \\"not helpful!!\\" HA! HA!) <BR>I was so pissed off at the cinemas on what had the potential to be one of the greatest films ive seen. I know tarantino trademark is witty & \\"im cool\\" dialogue, but it just didnt work in Kill Bill 2. It tried too hard to be like Pulp Fiction, & failed. Kill Bill is a lie! False advertisement, promotional posters saying \\"THE BRIDE IS BACK FOR THE FINAL CUT!\\" What cut? Kill Bill 2 isnt even an action movie, it turns into a dam drama film, which wouldve been fine had it have been another film. Or cut down the unnecessary scenes & made it one f@!#en shorter movie. And even then, because of the anti-climatic battle with Bill (witch lasts roughly 4 seconds!!), this movie suffers. Vol 1 started out as what was sure to be an amazing vol 2...but...sadly...no! Fair enough, we get story, emotions, drama e.t.c Theres hardly any action which is bulls@#t! Vol 2 is a marketing ploy. <BR>I was givin it a chance all the way to the end b4 i judge it, cuz i hoped the battle with Bill it would save the movie...It couldve. Cuz there are some great scenes from the film, but it didnt. DIDNT! Bill was cool, but he ended up bieng all talk & no action, just like the movie, ALL TALK & NO ACTION! Leave that to Pulp & Dogs. Not Kill Bill! I thought this would be unique.<BR>Im not angry, im just sad that Quentin Tarantino, one of my fav directors of all time has let me down so much. <BR>What were u thinkin Q? Love story? Fair enough. But why is there a sword still in the posters? Theres like 2 mins of swordplay.<BR>NOT WHAT I EXPECTED! Vol 1 unique & stylish. Vol 2 slow drawn out. Your Quentin, not Sergio Leone dude! I really wated to love this film, maybe if i saw it again from a different P.O.V id find something to like, but for now, im watchin the Matrix trilogy (& Kill Bill Vol 1!!!) <BR>Sorry action fans. Look elsewhere or hire this film. *SOB*SOB* --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title
B00004Z459|5.0|Does a new CD from a new band have to be &quot;fresh&quot; to be hot?  Does it have to be a &quot;new sound&quot; to be good??  I don't think so.  Case in point: Linkin Park's Hybrid Theory.  Rap/Rock has been around for a long time.  Heck, go back to RunDMC's rendition of Walk This Way.  Look at Public Enemy.  It's been around.  But Linkin Park does a good job in every aspect of this cool genre.  Points in its favor:<br />1. Chester's screaming fits so darn well with the lyrics!  I mean, they're writing about being totally pissed off all the time.  How can you sing/rap about being pissed off without screaming??  However, his screaming is juxtaposed awesomely with his singing...awesome voice, in my ever-humble opinion.<br />2. Sure, the guitar riffs and other sound effects are repetetive...but they're cool, which means that I end up happily singing these songs all over the place!  And I don't mind...I've listened to this album over and over, and I find things that I love about it all the time.  Listen closely...the repetition is broken up by awesome audio effects, and the like.<br />3. These guys can hold their own in their genre, and this has already been proven with their Sophomore album, Meteora.  I look forward to what they are going to do in the future.
B0000DD7LC|5.0|This cd is GREAT!  Alicia shows she has progressed as a musician and songstress on this cd.  Her voice has a different flavor with maturity.  She mixes neo soul and old school r&amp;b on this project, providing listeners with an outstanding product.  <br />Kudos Alicia!
B000089RVX|5.0|This Album Rocks!!! I Loved it Since The Day I Bought It and i Simply Adore It! I Treat This CD Better Than An Infant! It'll be Worth All Of Your Money! I Can't Wait Till The Band Releases Another CD! They are My Favorite Band! Evanescence Rulz!!!!! Haters Suck C*ck!
0792162803|4.0|Like several other reviewers, I found this movie funny and entertaining.  It was very light with lots of humor.  This is a great movie to watch on a rainy day or when you are feeling down and out needing a picker upper.<br />Many high school girls dream of one day being superstars and/or fantasizing about that first true romantic kiss.  These are some of the things portrayed in the movie with lots of humor.
0780020693|5.0|I can't believe how much I love this film. This is a film with splendid visuals: of course, there is the peacock in the snow, but how about the scene of Tio climbing the tree during his outing with the family, the motorcyclist racing through the walls of snow, or the fantasy marriage conducted by Mussolini. Fellini's imagination, and the visuals he produces to match these memories, makes this an unforgettable treat. He looks back fondly, perhaps too fondly, on the pre-World War II era in Italy. But we also see a memoir of a young man, coming of age during one highly eventful year of growing up.
0446677450|1.0|What a useless piece of junk. Filled with platitudes, generalizations and repeats the same nonsense over and over. The straw was at the end where the author tries to sell the reader a bunch of his way overpriced books and games.<br />No wonder this guy is rich. He basically steals your money by writing hype.
0780020685|5.0|This movie is way before its time.  The emotions of not only one or a couple heros are conveyed.  There are so many twists and it drives you from laughter to anger to sadness and sheer delight.  It is about 3 hours long, but there is NEVER a stale or boring moment, every second has consistency
B000059PPN|4.0|The great thing about Lucio Fulci movies on DVD is that you can skip right to the gore without the annoying need to fast forward or rewind those worn out ol' vhs tapes found at your local video store. I assume that if you're searching this movie on amazon, you know about Fulci or you've heard about him from one of your horror-movie buddies and you want to know what all the fuss is about.<br />Let me fill you in. House by the Cemetary is not Fulci's goriest movie, but it is his most atmospherically directed. Don't get me wrong, there is some good gore, but if you haven't ever seen a Fulci movie before and want to know what all the goreheads are raving about, start with Zombie, The Beyond, or even City of the Living Dead.  House by the Cemetary is a good second or third Fulci movie to check out if you dig him.<br />The plot (as if you care) is this: a family moves into a house by a cemetary (who'd a thunk it!) though the cemetary really never comes into play in the movie. Go figure. The son of the family keeps seeing a red-haired little girl who warns him of imminent danger. The house is full of giant bats and weird noises, and a killer lurks in the basement. Blah. Blah. Blah.<br />Here's the rundown on the gore (yep, I knew this was what you were really interested in): first scene of the movie, a young woman is stabbed in the head. Later on, another woman is impaled by some kind of metal pole. Cue the capitation. A throat gets ripped out. A bat gets knived in gooey fashion. This, more or less, is the extent of it. For a Fulci film, this is pretty conservative. <br />Despite his penchant for gore, Fulci has a nice creepy vibe flowing through HBTC, starting early on with the image of the girl standing by a window in an old picture. The woods and tombstones around the house add a nice air of eerie atmosphere. The performances are ok, but the dubbing for the blonde kid is ridiculously annoying. <br />Some of you may wonder what the deal is with Fulci. For instance, ine one scene Fulci implies that something is going on between the father of the family and the new nanny by cutting between their two eyes peering at one another; however, nothing SEEMS to be going on between them. These sort of weird &quot;what's this all about&quot; camera tricks and moments pop up through the film, but remember this is a Fulci flick. Weirdness is the order of the day, and forget about it. <br />Despite himself, Fulci has a nice nightmarish quality to his work that, no matter how silly it seems, can seep into your dreams.
B00005JMEW|1.0|THIS HAS GOT TO BE THE WORST, MOST UNREALISTIC MOVIE I'VE EVER SEEN. I DEMAND SCRUPULOUS REALISM FROM ALL MOVIES I SEE, PARTICULARLY ACTION MOVIES. AND ALTHOUGH I HATE ACTION MOVIES, AND SHOULD'VE KNOWN BETTER THAN TO GO SEE THIS ONE I'M GONNA REVIEW THIS ANYWAY BECAUSE REVIEWS OF GENRE FILMS COMING FROM NON-GENRE FANS ARE BY FAR THE MOST USEFUL SORT. AFTER ALL, IF I DON'T TELL PEOPLE THAT THEY WON'T LIKE THIS ACTION MOVIE IF THEY DON'T LIKE ACTION MOVIES, HOW WILL THEY EVER KNOW?  THIS MOVIE IS SIMPLY RIDICULOUSLY ACTION PACKED. I'M PRETTY SURE THAT THERE ISN'T A SINGLE SECOND IN THIS FILM THAT DOESN'T CONTAIN VIOLENCE. WHO WOULD IMAGINE THAT AN ACTION MOVIE WOULD CONTAIN SO MUCH ACTION? NOT ME, AND I DOUBT THAT ANY WHO ACTUALLY SEES AND ENJOYS ACTION MOVIE ACTUALLY ENJOYS THE ACTION IN THEM, AND WOULD IN FACT PREFER THAT THEY CONTAIN A GREAT QUANTITY OF IT.  AND IT'S ABSURDLY GOREY AND OFFENSIVE. THIS MOVIE SHOULD'VE BEEN NC-17, AND THE MPAA WAS SURELY BRIBED TO GIVE IT THE R RATING, AS NO REASONABLE ADULT COULD BELIEVE THAT THIS ACTUALLY DESERVED THE R, AND THAT THE VIOLENCE WAS SIMPLY PLAYFUL RIDICULOUS AND CARTOONISH. EVERYONE KNOWS THAT GORE IS INHERENTLY VERY OFFENSIVE, AND IS FAR WORSE THAN SIMPLY PORTRAYING VIOLENCE IN GENERAL. IF YOU EVER HAVE TO MURDER SOMEONE IN THE REAL WORLD I PLEAD WITH YOU TO POISON THEM OR SUFFOCATE THEM OR KILL THEM IN SOME OTHER NON-GRAPHIC FASHION. WE WILL ALL BE VERY APPRECIATIVE OF YOUR THOUGTFULNESS.<br />STILL, IT'S THE UNREALISM THAT REALLY BOTHERS ME. FOR EXAMPLE, HOW DID THE BRIDE TAKE THE SWORD ON THE PLANE? HOW? THIS COULDN'T POSSIBLY HAVE BEEN INTENTIONAL, AND WOULD'VE COMPLETELY RUINED THE MOVIE HAD IT NOT ALREADY SUCKED, EVEN THOUGH IT ONLY LASTED A FEW SECONDS. HOW DOES THE BRIDE SURVIVE BEING SHOT IN THE HEAD. IF ANYONE IN THE WORLD HAS EVER SURVIVED SEVERE HEAD TRAUMA MY NAME IS PHINEAS GAGE, WHICH IT AIN'T. THAT AND IF YOU WATCH CAREFULLY YOU CAN SEE THAT THERE WASN'T EVEN AN ENTRANCE WOUND. ARE WE TO BELEVE THAT HER BRAINS JUST BLASTED THEMSELVES OUT THE BACK OF HER HEAD. I DON'T THINK SO. AND HOW DID SHE KILL LIKE 50 GUYS AT ONCE, AND WHY DIDN'T ANYONE JUST STAB HER IN THE BACK, AND WHY DIDN'T A SINGLE PERSON IN A WHOLE DAMN YAKUZA CLAN NOT HAVE A GUN OF ANY SORT AND HOW COME THE POLICE NEVER SHOWED UP. SURE THOSE THINGS WOULD'VE INTERRUPTED THE ACTION AND FLOW OF THE MOVIE, BUT THAT DOESN'T MATTER BECAUSE IT'S NOT REALISTIC, AND TARANTINO AND ALL THE CRITICS OF THIS FILMS PROMISED THAT IT WOULD BE 100% REALISTIC. FURTHERMORE, SOME OF THE SCENES IN THIS MOVIE WERE IN BLACK AND WHITE AND OTHERS WERE ANIMATED.  THE REAL WORLD IS IN FULL COLOR, AND IS NEVER ANIMATED. SUCH UNREALISTIC DISCREPENCIES CANNOT BE IGNORED.  IT JUST GETS WORSE. UPON CLOSE INSPECTION, I REALIZED THAT THE FILM HAD ONLY 2 PHYSICAL DIMENSIONS, THUS MAKING IT ODDLY AND UNREALISTICALLY FLAT.  THIS IS ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS AND UNBELIEVABLE.  NOT ONLY THAT I NOTICED THAT SOME OF THE SOUNDS MADE DURING THE FILM WERE ACTUALLY COMING FROM BEHIND ME OR TO THE SIDE, DESPITE THE FACT THAT THE ACTION ALL TOOK PLACE IN THE FRONT. HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE. IT'S JUST ISN'T, SISTER. ALSO THIS MOVIE MOVED REPEATEDLY BACK AND FORTH IN TIME, WHICH IS, ONCE AGAIN, IMPOSSIBLE. IT'S ALMOST AS IF THIS MOVIE TOOK PLACE IN A COMPLETELY DIFFERENT UNIVERSE, WHICH IS JUST CRAZY.  AS IF ANYONE WOULD WANT TO GO TO A MOVIE THEATER TO SEE SOMETHING WEIRD OR EXCITING OR DIFFERENT FROM THE REST OF THEIR LIVES. NOT ME. INSTEAD SQUARE-ANTINO SHOULD'VE MADE A MOVIE OF ME RIDING A BUS AND THEN WORKING FOR 2 HOURS. THAT WOULD'VE BEEN EXCITING, INSIGHTFUL AND AMAZING, AND UTTERLY REALISTIC. BUT ALAS WE ARE LEFT WITH THIS WORTHLESS TRIPE, WHICH IS ONLY OF VALUE TO SUCH CONFUSED, MORONIC INDIVIDUALS WHO INSIST ON GOING TO THE MOVIES TO SEE SOMETHING DIFFERENT FROM THE REAL WORLD.HER BRAINS JUST BLASTED THEMSELVES OUT THE BACK OF HER HEAD. I DON'T THINK SO. AND HOW DID SHE KILL LIKE 50 GUYS AT ONCE, AND WHY DIDN'T ANYONE JUST STAB HER IN THE BACK, AND WHY DIDN'T A SINGLE PERSON IN A WHOLE DAMN YAKUZA CLAN NOT HAVE A GUN OF ANY SORT AND HOW COME THE POLICE NEVER SHOWED UP. SURE THOSE THINGS WOULD'VE INTERRUPTED THE ACTION AND FLOW OF THE MOVIE, BUT THAT DOESN'T MATTER BECAUSE IT'S NOT REALISTIC, AND TARANTINO AND ALL THE CRITICS OF THIS FILMS PROMISED THAT IT WOULD BE 100% REALISTIC. FURTHERMORE, SOME OF THE SCENES IN THIS MOVIE WERE IN BLACK AND WHITE AND OTHERS WERE ANIMATED.  THE REAL WORLD IS IN FULL COLOR, AND IS NEVER ANIMATED. SUCH UNREALISTIC DISCREPENCIES CANNOT BE IGNORED.  IT JUST GETS WORSE. UPON CLOSE INSPECTION, I REALIZED THAT THE FILM HAD ONLY 2 PHYSICAL DIMENSIONS, THUS MAKING IT ODDLY AND UNREALISTICALLY FLAT.  THIS IS ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS AND UNBELIEVABLE.  NOT ONLY THAT I NOTICED THAT SOME OF THE SOUNDS MADE DURING THE FILM WERE ACTUALLY COMING FROM BEHIND ME OR TO THE SIDE, DESPITE THE FACT THAT THE ACTION ALL TOOK PLACE IN THE FRONT. HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE. IT'S JUST ISN'T, SISTER. ALSO THIS MOVIE MOVED REPEATEDLY BACK AND FORTH IN TIME, WHICH IS, ONCE AGAIN, IMPOSSIBLE. IT'S ALMOST AS IF THIS MOVIE TOOK PLACE IN A COMPLETELY DIFFERENT UNIVERSE, WHICH IS JUST CRAZY.  AS IF ANYONE WOULD WANT TO GO TO A MOVIE THEATER TO SEE SOMETHING WEIRD OR EXCITING OR DIFFERENT FROM THE REST OF THEIR LIVES. NOT ME. INSTEAD SQUARE-ANTINO SHOULD'VE MADE A MOVIE OF ME RIDING A BUS AND THEN WORKING FOR 2 HOURS. THAT WOULD'VE BEEN EXCITING, INSIGHTFUL AND AMAZING, AND UTTERLY REALISTIC. BUT ALAS WE ARE LEFT WITH THIS WORTHLESS TRIPE, WHICH IS ONLY OF VALUE TO SUCH CONFUSED, MORONIC INDIVIDUALS WHO INSIST ON GOING TO THE MOVIES TO SEE SOMETHING DIFFERENT FROM THE REAL WORLD.
B0001Z53AQ|2.0|I like songs like My Band,Git up,How Come,but that was it I thought that they rushed a lot sure there last cd was much better what happened???<br />Peace!!
B0001UL7RY|4.0|a more edgy style than her brilliant debut &quot;Let Go&quot; but still has the Avril Touch as I like to call it. I thought &quot;Let Go&quot; was a stand-out album - from the beautiful, warming &quot;I'm With You&quot;, to the story-telling rock song &quot;Sk8er Boi&quot;. Some songs on this album lack proper personality - the blunt &quot;He Wasn't&quot; is one example. The songs I enjoyed the best were &quot;Take Me Away&quot; &quot;Don't Tell Me&quot; &quot;Forgotten&quot; and &quot;Fall To Pieces&quot;. &quot;Forgotten is such an amazing song I must play it over and over. &quot;Don't Tell Me&quot; is one that everyone loves - and everyone knows. amd &quot;Take Me Away&quot; brings you to a rockier side of Avril than ever before. I was dispointed by the bonus track &quot;I Always Get What I Want&quot; as everyone kept telling me that the song was a stand-out but I thought it was whiney, bratty nonsense.<br />PS: Avril said on an interview that the singles from this album will be &quot;Don't Tell Me&quot; &quot;Take Me Away&quot; &quot;Together&quot; and &quot;Fall To Pieces&quot;.
B00024I31C|5.0|JJ Cale is a true American original and probably one of the most under appreciated musicians in the world.  Simple lyrics, whisper of a voice, melodious guitar and the result is sheer magic!<br />This album is a must have for Cale fans. The previous reviews pretty much sum up this album.<br />Not many people know that Cale actually worked as a sound engineer as well.  Even some of his early recordings from the 70's sound pretty good even by today's standards.  This one is no exception.  It is very well recorded with a large soundstage and the vocals sound like Cale is right there in front you.<br />I think Eric Clapton and Mark Knopfler owe JJ Cale big time! Clapton for riding on Cale's songs (talk about lack of creativity, he does not even add his own personal touch...it is the exact same rendition too)and Knopfler for his singing style. It would be a nice gesture for them to hold a tribute concert for Cale.  <br />A must buy!
B00006879E|5.0|i thought maroon5 might be one of those bands whose only good songs are their singles (aka Jamelia, Emam Bunton...), but i was proven wrong. I listened to all the tracks and they stunned me! Adam Levine has such a unique voice that no one else has - i loved it. I think the stand-out tracks are &quot;Harder To Breathe&quot; &quot;This Love&quot; &quot;Tangled&quot; and - my favourite - &quot;The Sun&quot;. I can't wait to see what's in store for them next, whatever it is I can sense it will be full of excitement...<BR>PS: The singles will be &quot;Harder To Breathe&quot; &quot;This Love&quot; and &quot;She Will Be Loved&quot;.
B000001ESF|5.0|This is where I started my RUSH journey.  I have been a fan all of my life.  My older brothers were fans of RUSH when I was born.  I grew up listening to RUSH while they jammed along on guitars.  Since then I have been hooked on Neil's complex drumbeats, Alex's monster riffs and Geddy's fat bass sound and high-pitched vocals.  In my opinion, 2112 is RUSH's breakthrough and best album, and when I got a CD player for the first time in 1989 this was the first CD I bought!  I have purchased the remastered version of the album on CD.  I used to have the MFSL Gold disc and vinyl, and I could kick myself for getting rid of the gold disc and vinyl.  I have recently purchased this album again on vinyl from eBay!<br /><br />The songs:<br />-2112-  EPIC!  Groundbreaking!  Space odyssey of a dystopian society where the hero finds a guitar to change the world through music, only to find the priest's anger!<br /><br />-A Passage To Bangkok-  Awesome main riff that rolls right off Alex's fingers.  A great tune that celebrates the love of the leaf, wacky weed, grass, etc.  This stuff should be legal.<br /><br />-The Twilight Zone-  The main theme has a wonderful legato singing guitar part.  The verses and chorus have a nice blend of acoustic and electric guitars.  This is an eerie rocker with examples of how strange the TV show could be, and allowing yourself to let your imagination run wild.  I would never want to look up to see a giant boy that thinks I am his toy.<br /><br />-Lessons-  An almost pop tune that starts with fade in on acoustic guitar riff, then builds with drums, electric guitar, bass and Geddy's high pitched screaming voice, and then transitions to a hard hitting chorus with grinding guitar.<br /><br />-Tears- One of the few songs featuring lyrics penned by Geddy Lee.  This is a very heartfelt song about being stuck in a sad mood.<br /><br />-Something For Nothing-  An often overlooked rocker!  Great melody and chorus.  This should be one of the anthems Rush plays as often as Tom Sawyer!
B00005JLR8|5.0|Human ... real ... should strike a chord with many people on many levels. The kids in this movie are awesome...as are Paddy, Samantha, and Djimon ... If I were them, I would be proud of this movie.<br />As for the director...Jim Sheridan, I came to know by &quot;In the Name of the Father&quot; ... one of my top 5 movies.<br />Brilliant.
B000001FTQ|5.0|Amazing...<br />Bad is always a great live track. This version is well defined and smooth compared to Live Aid, yet still packs that punch.<br />A Sort Of Homecoming - For those who dont read U2 books then let me burst the bubble for you. This version was recorded at soundcheck. The crowd was put on after. Still, its a great track and gives you a clearer picture of the song. The original is on a par but very different. The unfocused becomes focused if you like.<br />Three Sunrises - I used to love this track (and still do) and had a great time watching them record it on the Unforgettable Fire video.<br />Love Comes Tumbling - Bono in real Bono vocal mode. So many people tried to emulate this style and still do - see Baby Bird. I have a version of this with different lyrics which is very weird.<br />Overall, a great EP and an absolute must for that U2 collection.<br />Cheers...
B00004ZD69|5.0|that's what i gather from the negative reviews i've read and the people i've met who hate GYBE.  i don't know a thing about music theory, production, or anything else that goes into 'making' music.  and i'm glad, since that knowledge seems to have killed the ability to JUST LISTEN and enjoy music within so many people.  the guys i know who are hardcore musicians listen to stuff that 99.999% of people would hate, and the reverse seems to be true.
0156027321|5.0|This is a creative, witty, and beautiful story of faith, family, and victory of the human spirit.
B00009V7P8|5.0|Any more we hear the standard singer-songwriter on the radio and love them for a day. Sooner or later we forget their one good song, but Damien Rice is the complete opposite. He sings and plays with a true passion that is not easy to compare to anything else. I can feel the emotion set into the songs and this feeling never dies down. Listening to the CD made me feel like i was sitting next to him on the couch and he played solely for me.<br />Anyone looking for great music that isn't tainted by todays sell-outs and yesterdays popular artists will do well to get this CD and not just listen to it, but experience it.
0062515675|4.0|With clients like Minolta, Oracle, Microsoft, Kraft, Hershey's, Orange, FedEx, Panasonic to name a few, Robin Sharma has entered into the hearts of Indians with his latest speeches in Delhi and Bangalore and # 1 selling Book 'The Monk who sold his Ferrari' has created waves to spell genuine passion for reading esp. among Business class. The book reveals wisdom to know the real inner spiritual self rathar than the one inundated with materialistic possessions. The Himalyan guru's wis' advice on way,  to Julian Mantle, a high-profile attorney in this fable story, preaches to dig spirituality within self and conveys the message to think that what lies behind you or before you is nothing compared to what is withing your own good inner self. There is the sane advice to create a live of passion, live it purposefully and peacefully. Julian's life was out of balance and his spiritual self is nourished with wise advice on joyful living by developing joyful thoughts, follow life's mission to reach goals, develop relationships fruitfully and live to satisfaction with courage and discipline, come what may! The book has most inspirational values and is a captivating story even Ricky Martin and Jon Bon Jovi seems to be a fan of Robin Sharma. A lawyer himself, Robin's book is a gem to touch and change lives to live in spirituality. However, it is never so important like the fable to travel delights through Himalayas for the sage advice. The main concept is to look within and live peacefully with spirituality within and take time out from the drowsy, monotonous life of materialistic world. Make life more meaningful and take a pause - a break (An Osho discourse!) A good Pick for a Read to Digest.
B0000AHRB0|4.0|The Eye of the Needle is supposed to be Follett's greatest spy thriller, but I believe that this one is much better.  The plot is more complex and less predictable, which appealed to me.  Though not as engaging as Pillars of the Earth (Follett's best), it came close, while being a much easier read.<br />My one complaint is that Follett's characters always seem a little flat.  They are almost always single dimentional and never really surprise you.  This is the only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5.  <br />Fiction couched neatly in history, Jackdaws is an excellent read that remembers the sacrifice of the French Resistance and British spies, both who helped pave the way for the D-Day forces that invaded Normandy and preserved freedom for all.  Our deepest thanks go to God and those who stood against evil during that dark hour.
B00007CVSH|4.0|A truly wonderful rendition of Verdi's tragic opera.<br /><br />This presentation is from the Royal Opera House at Covent Garden with conductor Carlo Rizzi and is performed before a live audience. The stars of this opera are Jose Cura (Manrico), Dmitri Hvorostovsky (Count di Luna), Yvonne Naef (Azucena) and Veronica Villarroel (Leonora).<br /><br />The casting...superb; the acting is committed and as passionate as anyone could wish for in this dramatic work by Verdi. The voice qualities are superior for all the principals, with the characters of Hvorostovsky and Villarroel leading the way.<br /><br />The loss of one star (really 1/2 star if it was available) in my rating was as a result of a few things that niggled me during the performance ...  for instance<br /><br />-The sets, although well done, (and undoubtedly a lot of time and effort went into their construction) were cold and grim in their appearance: then add to this, the effect of the darkness of nighttime scenes and you had an opera where it seemed impossible to find a ray of brightness throughout the entire work.<br /><br />-The only subtitled language on the DVD is English. It would have been nice to at least to have the option of following the opera in Italian.<br /><br />-And finally (and a really picky point here) but one I feel obliged to mention because once I noticed this, I just could not get the idea out of my mind: that being, the officers costume worn by Count di Luna reminded me of something that would be seen on the doorman of a fancy New York hotel.  I'm sorry, but I just had to get that out.<br /><br />All in all a solid Il Trovatore. To me, there were a few minor distractions, but the great acting and singing would allow me to highly recommend this work.
B0001UL7RY|5.0|This CD os a great one! It's really deep and you can relate to a lot of these songs. Her voice is great and she doesnt digitally enhance it too much like Hilary Duff does.
B0001LJCPC|4.0|This movie is great and the soundtrack is very good too.<BR>What is the song that's playing when we see the &quot;D.I.V.A.S&quot; in the chapel?
0446677450|3.0|<BR>The Good:<br />The author challenges us to re-think our financial priorities and the way we define assets and liabilities - i.e. houses, cars and golf clubs are NOT assets in that they suck money out of us rather than generate a revenue stream for us. <br />In fact the whole message of the book could be summarized by saying, &quot;start early and put money aside into investments that will eventually generate enough revenue for you to retire&quot;.<br />The Bad:<br />The writing is very average, the book is quite repetitive, and the author comes across as pathologically obsessed with money and annoyingly ego-centric.  In fact, he appears to have thought about very little in his life other than golf and making money, ever since he was a kid.  And in pursuit of making money he chose (as he has a right to do) to forgo a lot of fun things along the way such as baseball as a kid (too busy working for free for &quot;Rich Dad&quot;) and having kids (I'm guessing here - but it's clear this guy would see kids as a financial liability - and you can't have that dragging you down).  <br />It's fine for him to make his own choices but he portrays working class people (which includes most of us) as pitiful, lazy, scared and generally pathetic failures who are all very unhappy.  He genuinely seems to believe that we can't possibly be enjoying life because we're not financially independent like him.  I felt sad for him.<br />The Ugly:<br />The title refers to the fact that his biological father worked at a job (professor) his whole life while a friend's Dad (the Rich Dad, here) taught him how to invest and get out of the &quot;rat race&quot;.  That's all fine, but despite the fact that his biological father seems to have been a decent Dad the author essentially disparages him and drags him through the mud throughout the book.  That's a very ingratious way to treat someone who brought you into this world and provided you with food, shelter, clothing and a decent home.  In fact, the author seems to loathe his father for no other reason than he was not rich.<br />The author's loathing also extends to humanity in general. He loathes and feels sorry for just about everyone who isn't him - including his so-called &quot;friends&quot;.  He gives several examples  that start out &quot;I have a friend who ...&quot; and invariably end with the author explaining why his friend is a short-sighted idiot with no vision who wouldn't take his advice.<br />Overall<br />He makes some good points about how we should view money and prepare for financial independence.  But he came across as so shallow, arrogant, ingratious and condescending - that he left me wondering whether obsessing over financial independence comes with a huge hidden cost that he is incapable of recognizing.<br />Note: In all fairness I must mention that there were a few paragraphs that talked about giving money to charities, but they weren't very convincing in the overall scheme of things.<BR><BR>
B00003CWL6|4.0|I'm not sure this is &quot;best Picture&quot; material.  But hey, they gave that total piece of crap &quot;Gladiator&quot; best picture.  Anyway, I like Kevin Spacey, but something told me I wasn't going to like this.  I was wrong, I enjoyed this movie very much and I will buy a copy, it's good enough to watch over and over again.  Bravo!
0004704746|5.0|I needed to get a book of complete works of Shakespeare, and portability was of key importance.  So I went to a theater bookstore where I compared several different collections, including ones by Arden, Stratford, Pelican, and Gramercy.  And this collection by Harper-Collins was hands-down the best in terms of readability and portability (and affordability).<br />The Arden and Pelican ones are the most comprehensive in terms of glossary, essays, and other scholarly stuff, but they also are the heaviest and the priciest.  The Illustrated Stratford Shakespeare is surprisingly light (especially for a hard cover), but presumably to save page space, it abbreviates the characters' names before their lines (which I hate), and its font is pretty horrible in legibility.  Gramercy's &quot;William Shakespeare - The Complete Works&quot; is the worst, being quite heavy while being extremely hard to read (abbreviated names and no indentation).<br />Harper-Collins' &quot;Complete Works of William Shakespeare: The Alexander Text&quot; is one of the best in terms of readability, with its good paper, font choice, fully spelled character names, and appropriate indentations to help legibility.  It also has a decent glossary in the back for hard-to-understand words.  I would have loved to have footnotes at the bottom of each pages instead, but hey, you can't have everything, I suppose.  In terms of portability, this one is the second lightest of the five books (Stratford is the lightest).  And the price is certainly right.<br />If you need complete Shakespeare on the go, this is the one to pick.
B0000TLA9G|1.0|The best thing about Nirvana and Pearl Jam is that they crushed this crappy band's chances of staying huge through the nineties.  G&amp;R stink, always have and always will, and Axl Rose is RACIST!
B0000AQS0F|5.0|&quot;Too high a budget&quot; was apparently the reason given by Fox for its cancellation. This was a great show with very well written and fleshed out characters. Just as you were getting to know everyone, the show goes and gets itself cancelled. The surprising thing for me is that the Sci-Fi Channel didn't pick it up. <P>But, I read a couple of months back that because of the high DVD sales of this series, they're going to make a full length feature film. Joss to direct and write of course. <P>I was so sad about its demise, that I didn't want to watch the final episode of the series on DVD. I eventually did when I heard about the film.<P>Now, if only &quot;John Doe&quot; would come back in some form. Fox...you greedy bastages!!! At least come out with John Doe on DVD and you'll see how many people followed that show as well.
B00005JMEW|2.0|With all the big buzz on Kill Bill I expected to see a good movie, I was really disappointed.<BR>Set in chapters, the first thing you see is a fight to the death between the &quot;Bride&quot;, Uma Thurman, and one of the people who failed to kill her- Viveca Fox. This was one of the best parts of the movie, one of the best fights too.<BR>After this the story actually goes into a long flashback to inform you as to what's going on, some of that is all right. You'll see some of it in B/W, Lucy Liu's character's childhood is done in Japanese Anime (Japanese style action cartoon). A lot of the movie reminds me of the anime stuff I've seen with it's styling, a bit too much of it as far as I'm concerned and endless plot holes to go with it.<BR>Much of the movie concerns Thurman tracking down Liu to kill her this culminates in a big Samurai sword fight between Thurman and Liu's Yakuza gang. Lot's of lost feet, hands, arms, legs probably even a few heads with a ridiculous amount of spraying blood (most of the battle is in B/W). I was pretty well turned off by the movie and don't recommend it.<BR>Uma Thurman and Viveca Fox might be better than this, I know Lucy Liu certainly can beat it.
0399143904|3.0|Although not marketed as such, Rainbow Six is really science fiction. Like a few other very popular authors, Clancy is too big to be marketed with a genre label, especially one like science fiction, which evokes images of four-eyed geeks, Dungeons and Dragons, and adolescent computer nerds (at least among the marketing departments of book publishers). Hell, Clancy is a genre, much like Stephen King or Dean Koontz. But calling a dog a cat doesn't make it a cat, and Clancy's book is science fiction whether or not his publisher wants to admit it and market it as such. It's science fiction because central to the plot is the development of a genetically engineered super-plague intended to wipe out the human population of Earth. The scariest thing is that we almost have the technology right now to attempt what the villains do in this book. In a few years... well, let's hope this book isn't thinly veiled prophecy.<br />John Clark, an ex-CIA agent, now heads the international anti-terrorist group code named Rainbow Six. Based out of England, Rainbow has a true international reach and is called upon throughout the book to respond to situations in a variety of countries. Made up of dedicated, highly trained experts, they prove more than a match for the terrorists they find themselves pitted against. Popov is an ex-KGB agent hired by the high-powered American executive Brightling to coordinate seemingly random terrorist attacks. Brightling is the head of an international biotech research company, a billionaire, an environmental extremist, and the architect of a plan that could result in the near-extermination of the human race. There are plenty of other bit players here as well: members of the Rainbow team, associates of Brightling, the various terrorists, and more.<br />Clancy writes long. Loooonnnngggggg.... Trimming the book by a third or more would have made it a much more energetic read. There are several lengthy scenes that could have been cut entirely, and the application of an editor's scalpel would have gone a long way towards trimming the fat and making this a more enjoyable meal. Do we really need to know what everyone eats from breakfast? Do we need daily training regimes broken down in such excruciating detail? Do we need three page historical accounts of weapons, or organizations, or personal histories? Clancy has a reputation for including all the technical details and leaving nothing out, so perhaps complaining here is out of line. By now, we should all know what we're getting into when we pick up a Clancy book. Still, it makes some sections of his book read like a training manual or a textbook. Some like this style. Others, myself included, would like to get on with the story and the action.<br />The action (when it does come) is well done and authentic. His characters are adequate to the story, rather one-dimensional in purpose and motivation, but realized well enough so that they aren't a hindrance. I didn't care about them as much as I would have liked, but I cared about them enough. Clancy obviously knows what he's talking about when it comes to the military, the CIA, and various other aspects of 'spook' work, although he does make a few mistakes. One such is referring to the nickname of MH-6/AH-6 helicopter as &quot;Nightstalker&quot; when it's really &quot;Little Bird&quot;. I don't think these slips will cause concern though, since 99 percent of his audience won't notice.<br />Despite the action and a thorough knowledge of his subject, some of what happens in the book strained my credibility. How did Brightling, a man of such extreme beliefs and conviction, rise to the position he holds and become so close to so many in power? And his ex-wife, who is a close presidential advisor, also holds those same beliefs. Wouldn't have someone along the way picked up on the fact that these two were wacky? Dangerous wacky? I mean, you can cover it up, but only so much when your beliefs are so strong. On the surface, their planof developing a super plague seems like a good one. But how could so many people be in on it and nothing get leaked? How can these big, expensive facilities (intended for Brightling's hand-picked survivors) get constructed and no one wonder why? Clancy touches on security efforts, but never goes into any real detail. With that many people knowing, something would get out, and the same holds true for Rainbow, the 'secret' anti-terrorist team.<br />Lest I sound too negative, let me say that overall I enjoyed the book. Some sections were real page turners--too bad there were too many pages between them. If you like hard-core, (mostly) realistic military/political thrillers by a man who knows his stuff (and doesn't mind writing at length about it) then this is a book for you. If you're looking for something leaner, driven by better developed characters and with a faster pace, you might want to look elsewhere.<br />Read more reviews, as well as articles, interviews and more, at [...]n of developing a super plague seems like a good one. But how could so many people be in on it and nothing get leaked? How can these big, expensive facilities (intended for Brightling's hand-picked survivors) get constructed and no one wonder why? Clancy touches on security efforts, but never goes into any real detail. With that many people knowing, something would get out, and the same holds true for Rainbow, the 'secret' anti-terrorist team.<br />Lest I sound too negative, let me say that overall I enjoyed the book. Some sections were real page turners--too bad there were too many pages between them. If you like hard-core, (mostly) realistic military/political thrillers by a man who knows his stuff (and doesn't mind writing at length about it) then this is a book for you. If you're looking for something leaner, driven by better developed characters and with a faster pace, you might want to look elsewhere.<br />Read more reviews, as well as articles, interviews and more, at [...]
0618526412|1.0|I chose this book because it had the Oprah's Book Club seal on the cover.  I'm an avid reader who will give any book a shot - at least the first 100+ pages.  I read about 120 pages and threw the book away.  I have never in my 42 years done such a thing. In a word -- BORING.  I was not captivated with any of the characters, even the main character.  I gave this book a fair shot and it failed.
B000002UAR|5.0|This is a great album, hands down!  \\"Taxman\\" gets things off to a rocking start.  The clever and sarcastic lyrics are somehow both ominous and humorous, and Paul goes absolutely crazy with the bass at the end.  \\"Eleanor Rigby\\" is absolutely amazing!  The sharp playing of the violin in this song absolutely transformed my idea of what I thought that this instrument was capable of.  It does such an effective job of setting the tone for this tragic tale about a woman who is materially rich but who is very lonely.  She dies and no one comes to her funeral.  The preacher works all alone on her eulogy knowing that no one will show up.  The Beatles' do a really good job of making you feel the humanity of each character in the story.  The next song is one of my favorite songs on the album.  \\"I'm only sleeping\\" just has one of the most infectious grooves that I have ever heard.  \\"Love you to\\" is a pretty cool sitar driven song.  The unbelievably pleasant \\"Here, there and everywhere\\" has a truly captivating melody, they do a great job of using their voices as instruments to create a truly dreamlike mood on this one.  I didn't like \\"Yellow Submarine\\" when I first heard it, but once that drum pattern got into my head, I couldn't help but love it.  \\"She Said She Said\\" is quite poignant.  Once you get a grip on the lyrics then you realize just how intense this song is.  It is basically about a conversation with a girl who is severly depressed.  I was quite familiar with \\"Good Day Sunshine\\", but I did not care much for this song until I heard it within the context of this album.  The title pretty much tells it all for this radiant track.  \\"And your bird can sing\\" took me a couple of listens to grasp.  I didn't think that there was anything special about this song until I really caught on to what the Beatles were trying to say.  This song is basically about really superficial and egotistical people who boast and brag about themselves and their material possessions.  The title derives from this particular such person's way of saying, \\"and to top it off!--I even have a bird that can sing!\\"  Basically the song is telling the person that you may have all of these things, but you can't even humble yourself enough to see that I'm being a true friend to you, and even when all of those things fail you, I'm still going to be here for you.  \\"For no one\\" is another beautiful melodic love song.  It's wonderful in its simplicity.  \\"Doctor Robert\\" is a pretty straightfoward rocker, and is probably both the least original and least interesting song on this album.  \\"I want to tell you\\" is a pretty good song with a great guitar riff.  The brassy \\"Got to get you into my life\\" is just full of joyous energy.  It has a most undeniable groove and melody.  \\"Tomorrow Never Knows\\" closes this album on an excellent note.  Ringo completely killed this one on the drums.  The sound techniques and effects that they used on this song make for an extremely intense and trippy experience.  This a great album with some of the most varied subject matter that I've ever seen on one album.  I would strongly recommend it to everyone!s from this particular such person's way of saying, \\"and to top it off!--I even have a bird that can sing!\\"  Basically the song is telling the person that you may have all of these things, but you can't even humble yourself enough to see that I'm being a true friend to you, and even when all of those things fail you, I'm still going to be here for you.  \\"For no one\\" is another beautiful melodic love song.  It's wonderful in its simplicity.  \\"Doctor Robert\\" is a pretty straightfoward rocker, and is probably both the least original and least interesting song on this album.  \\"I want to tell you\\" is a pretty good song with a great guitar riff.  The brassy \\"Got to get you into my life\\" is just full of joyous energy.  It has a most undeniable groove and melody.  \\"Tomorrow Never Knows\\" closes this album on an excellent note.  Ringo completely killed this one on the drums.  The sound techniques and effects that they used on this song make for an extremely intense and trippy experience.  This a great album with some of the most varied subject matter that I've ever seen on one album.  I would strongly recommend it to everyone!
B000003TA4|1.0|Overplayed and sickeningly overhyped, Nirvana's Nevermind is the antithesis of everything Punk stood for. In order to be Punk, one must have something beneficial worth getting across to the masses. Kurt Cobain telling the world lies didn't benefit anyone. Lying through your teeth is not Punk. Shooting up H every 30 minutes is not Punk. Hating your fans just because they love you is not Punk. Literally blowing your own mind to pieces is not Punk. Enduring life through all the hardship and daily bullsh*t is Punk. Dealing with your own mental illnesses is Punk. Helping your fellow human being is Punk. And, according to John Lydon, erradicating lonliness is Punk. Kurt Cobain never expressed himself in a Punk way, or helped anyone like a real Punk would reach out and do. Punk was never about nihlism and self-loathing. It is a celebration of all the sh*t in life you've waded through to make it to one more family gathering or whatever else makes your life worthwhile.
B0000TB01Y|4.0|Wicked the Musical is loosely based on the wildly imaginative novel by Gregory Maguire, on how Dorothy's Wicked Witch of the West became &quot;Wicked.&quot;  I'm not going to try and compare and contrast the two because they are almost two seperate entities on their own. But I am going to focus on the musical, music and songs, and performance deliveries.<br />I have had the priveldge of seeing Wicked live at the Gershwin Theatre New York, and had a wonderful experience. Wicked is a grand and glorious Broadway Musical in every sense of the word. Huge, amazing sets; awe-inducing costumes and special effects, but it does, however lack the strong music to back it up.<br />I am a fan of Stephen Schwartz who writes great music for shows like Pippin, Godspell, Children of Eden, The Baker's Wife, and such films as Disney's Pocahontas, and The Hunchback of Notre Dame. Schwartz has a real knack for writing 3-5 amazing songs and the rest become mediocre, and this is definitely the case for Wicked. You might recall Schwartz gave the world such wonderful songs as &quot;Corner of the Sky&quot; &quot;Meadowlark&quot; &quot;Colors of the Wind&quot; among countless others. He has now given us Wicked's apointed Anthem, &quot;Defying Gravity&quot;, &quot;The Wizard and I&quot; &quot;I'm Not That Girl&quot; &quot;As Long As You're Mine&quot; and &quot;For Good.&quot; These are obviosuly the best songs of the show and you might agree as well. While these songs are good, they still can't hold the show up to the calibur of other Broadway greats. I'm wondering what the show would sound like if Schwartz wasn't afraid to take risks, or if it was composed by Sondheim, or even Robert Brown.<br />Anyhow, the main things that keep these songs from defying downfall are the amazing lead actors. Menzel (Now the Tony Ward winner for her protrayal of Elphaba) has the powerhouse voice (which she displayed in RENT, and Lippa's WILD PARTY) that can make any song sound great, while Chenoweth's impecable comic timing can have you roaring with laughter and appreciation at her comedic brilliance. Chenoweth's live performance was nothing short of amazing. Her comic timing really is a force to be reckoned with, while Menzel's big a brassy belt and subdued meek performance was endearing. Norbert's voice lends a helping hand to the sultry, &quot;As Long As You're Mine&quot; while Joel Grey has two forgettable songs.<br />Wicked is a shown to be seen, heard and experienced. Yes, the Broadway Cast Album does, indeed have some wonderful moments, but all in all there are many things missing from this. Perhaps it's the upbeat rock and roll/operatic style to the music that leaves us confused, but none the less, the story of Elphaba and Galinda lives on, just not as great a life as one had hoped it would be.comic timing can have you roaring with laughter and appreciation at her comedic brilliance. Chenoweth's live performance was nothing short of amazing. Her comic timing really is a force to be reckoned with, while Menzel's big a brassy belt and subdued meek performance was endearing. Norbert's voice lends a helping hand to the sultry, &quot;As Long As You're Mine&quot; while Joel Grey has two forgettable songs.<br />Wicked is a shown to be seen, heard and experienced. Yes, the Broadway Cast Album does, indeed have some wonderful moments, but all in all there are many things missing from this. Perhaps it's the upbeat rock and roll/operatic style to the music that leaves us confused, but none the less, the story of Elphaba and Galinda lives on, just not as great a life as one had hoped it would be.
B000002UAR|5.0|Revolver is the best album the Beatles ever put out, period. At this point in their career, The Beatles were writing their best music (We Can Work it Out/Day Tripper, Rubber Soul, and Paperback Writer/Rain directly preceeded Revolver).  But what makes this album so special is that The Beatles had really begun to realize the capabilities of the studio and use them to their advantage.<BR>     Revolver kicks off with Taxman, which is led into with a trippy, studio exploited tape loop that sort of previews what's in store for the listener.  As for Taxman, this is the song where George Harrison really broke out as a songwriter.  The song has a great rhythm from the bass guitar and drums and Paul McCartney's guitar work is one of the finest leads The Beatles had produced to this point.  George has two other songs on Revolver, Love You To and I Want to Tell You, which are fine songs with Love You To enhancing on George's interest with Indian music.  <BR>     Lyrically, Paul McCartney is at his finest with the three ballads he contributed on the album in Eleanor Rigby, Here, There, and Everywhere, and For No One, as well as two poppy sort of tunes in Good Day Sunshine and Got to Get You Into My Life.  In my opinion, For No One is possibly the most underrated song The Beatles ever produced along with All My Loving.  I've also seen lists where Here, There, and Everywhere is ranked as one of the ten best songs of all time in Rock and Roll history so you can take what you will from that (personally, I think that is a bit extreme, but it's a great song, nonetheless).  Of course Eleanor Rigby is one of the best songs The Beatles produced in their eight year history and is probably the most well-recognized track on the album.<BR>     The works that John Lennon primarily wrote are revolutionary for the time and really pushed The Beatles forward towards the psychedelic, experimental band they became later in their career.  The guitar loops played in reverse and yawning tape loop inI'm Only Sleeping, the acid influenced lyrics of Doctor Robert and She Said She Said (my favorite track on the album and one of my favorite songs by The Beatles in general), the heavy lead guitar riff of And Your Bird Can Sing, as well as She Said She Said.  Yellow Submarine is probably the weakest song on Revolver, but it is fun one and experimental, nonetheless.<BR>     And of course there is Tomorrow Never Knows, the gem of Revolver.  The studio techniques and production that went into this song is incredible.  They had people holding random spools of tape Paul McCartney had brought in with pencils, feeding them in at the same time (one of which is Paul McCartney's guitar solo on Taxman fed in backwards), making the song incredibly unique and spontaneous.  John Lennon wanted his lyrics from the Tibetan Book of the Dead to sound like the Dahli Lama singing from the highest mountain-top so he sang through a speaker and replayed in back, making his voice seem to reverb.  Just simply a remarkable song and a great closer to the album as it was a perfect look into the future of The Beatles that was Sgt. Pepper.<BR>        To me, The Beatles can be divided into two periods, their simpiler, more rootsy early days, and their experimental, elaborate, far-out days in the later years.  This is the album that conects those two periods and remains the definitive album of The Beatles and of pop music.
B0001611DI|1.0|DAmm no  3 of them <BR>Dawn of the Dead -- U.S. Theatrical Cut (1979<BR>Dawn of the Dead (Divimax Edition) <BR>Dawn of the Dead: The Original Director's Cut <br />i bought the Divimax Edition so i guess i got rip because when i but the dvd i thought i was going to get every thing that i miss out but i guess i have to buy all three of them what a rip. greedy
0440539811|1.0|This has to be one of the worst books that I have ever read, or, at least according to the number of better reviews posted, I just don't get IT, whatever IT is supposed to be. Obviously, the writers are just so caught up in their own reality that we lesser humans are sentenced to wasted time trying to grasp what the IT is that the authors so obscurely put forth other than that tripping is a mind opening experience. Like, Wow man, what's the story about anyway - that's the joke, there isn't one.<br />The only benefit of this book is that it acts as a sleep aid. Readers, if you want great science fiction, go read Cryptonomicon; which comparably is one of the best books that I have ever read.
B0000C9ZLD|5.0|The Strokes have received much hype over the duration of their existence, which may or may not be a bad thing. Likewise, many have likened to hopping on the bandwagon bashing The Strokes. However, I don't really understand where this angst comes from, because I can, without reserve, say that The Strokes are a legitimately awesome band.<br />   Following up their solid debut &quot;Is This It?,&quot; The Strokes' &quot;Room on Fire&quot; definitely delivers. Like &quot;Is This It?,&quot; &quot;Room on Fire&quot;'s tracklist doesn't have a single bad track. The Strokes keep their own sound, while demonstrating definite growth. The album starts out strong with such great tracks as the opening &quot;What Ever Happened?&quot; and the excellent &quot;Reptilia&quot;, and impresses throughout the rest of the album while keeping the music varied, concluding with the fitting &quot;I Can't Win.&quot;<br />   &quot;Room on Fire,&quot; like &quot;Is This It?,&quot; is somewhat short, just over half an hour, but what is present is no cause for complaint. I will be waiting with baited breath for their next album, which will surely deliver just as much as this did.
B0000DD7LC|4.0|i love alicia's voice and her talent. 'heartburn' makes me invigorating because of the dancable beat. 'when you reall love someone' always makes me impressed. 'samsonite man' i love it. i love all songs of alicia keys and expect she will keep up the good work. i can't believe that she is so young. her voice and singing is amazing!!! i'm lovin it!
B00020HEG6|5.0|One of the biggest problems I have with John Williams scores is that they tend to sound repetitive, espeically when a second movie follows.  His music is there for you to recogize it as his straight off in the film at the theatre, with his standard hooks and melodies slightly modified to the theme of the story.<br />This is a total departure from his previous Harry Potter soundtracks... for the best. It helps to show from the begining scenes that this will not be what you'd come to expect from a Harry Potter movie.  Anyways, brilliant soundtrack.<br />The swing music Lupin's playing in DADA class is Glenn Miller's &quot;Swing, Swing, Swing&quot; ... I think.
B0000013G9|5.0|I am korean and I bought it a few months ago. (so late, but i don't regret) As you know, it is one of the gratest R&amp;B album in 1990's. I think this album will be loved forever. Lisa, Chilli and T-Boz are so talented. Korean R&amp;B fans love TLC and this album. They always rate this CD 5 stars, no, maybe 6 stars. They always put this CD in their fav CD lists. They say 'creep' is a PERFECT song although it is kinda old. and so do i. <BR>especially, i love 'sunthin wicked this way comes' and 'switch'. if you like musics, don't miss this album!
B000063147|4.0|These guys have some real talent. They write some of the most diverse songs I've ever heard. One second it sounds like they're playing a punk song, and the next some awesomely-heavy metal riff starts up behind swat vocals and crazy drumming. Stylistic transitions in the songs are seemless and it doesn't sound lame when the band gets heavy and the singer starts screaming. The elements of punk, hardcore, metal, and some 90's type vocals are all evident in their music. There are some punk moments that go to good hardcore riffs that move to devastating metal riffs which remind me of Megadeath, Iron Maiden, and Justice/Master era Metallica. This album is Metalcore, with some sloppiness and not-togetherness typical of the genre. Really only slightly above average. I'd give it three and half stars if I could.
B0001DI0FI|4.0|Russell Crowe is excellent as Captain \\"Lucky\\" Jack Aubrey, the head of the HMS Surprise. The movie details the skirmishes between the English Surprise and the French war ship, Acheron, set during the Napoleonic war. Captain Aubrey is a study in Leadership Values. He is a classic tragic figure, a hero with a fatal flaw. The revelation of the flaw is quite good but opposed to greek literature, Aubrey is finally triumphant not in overcoming his flaw but in that he is finally victorious (we believe) over the French ship. Oh well, I don't think it was intended to instruct us in higher moral values. Anyway, the movie is beautiful to look at, contains a dash of human interest (however, I did get a bit nervous about the lovely young men who served as midshipmen, etc), shows the comraderie that must have developed on such ships and from my 2004 perspective details daily life on board in an authentic manner. Recommended for a rousing good night of adventure.
B000000JO3|5.0|im tired of this new age punk sh-- filling up our review space! one review for this CD talked about nothing but how these guys are the kind of band you hear in the electronic department trying to sell their product, and that you should stick to limp bizkit, blink 182, and good charlotte! HELLLLOOO!!! i think you may be a little confused, minor threat would never be played in a store, some grandma would (...) have a stroke if she heard five seconds of this hardcore punk! Anyway, who the hell decided limp bizkit was even close to punk, they aren't even good enough to be called pop punk! maybe thats why people sell their CDs, brand new for 4 bucks? seriously, go check used and new for the new limp bizkit CD. Well if you want the truth about this CD, its a raw, excellent example of what punk REALLY is. Even further, for all the mommys out their, this is a straight edge punk band. They promote punk with out drinking, drugs, sex, and violence. im a sixteen year old half way through high school, and im sure glad i didnt get sucked into that pop punk poser trend like so many of my friends have fallen into, because that will never be reall punk. Stick with minor threat, the adicts, the dead kennedys, and the varukers, and help keep REAL punk alive!
B00005KFUM|5.0|The last person to rate this album does not know what he is talking about.  If you like radiohead you'll love this album.  Muse does not try to copy off of radiohead like some people think.  Rather they have a unique sound that is reminiscent of radiohead because of the singers voice.  Just picture radiohead with an upbeat sound and catchier riffs.  The song new born is amazing, and just the tip of the iceberg of how good this album is.  Definately buy this cd, you can listen through the whole thing and not be one bit disapointed.
B00004W52U|5.0|This is an essential album for anyone even thinking of listening to punk or ska.  <BR>It should be required listening.  <br />Catchy simple guitars, songs about life on the East Bay streets, violence, and unity.  <br />Too bad they broke up before they could reap the benefits of this succesful album.  Tim Armstrong (OP Ivy) later goes on to form Rancid and the Transplants.
B00020HEG6|5.0|this is one of john williams' best scores yet.  it's original, yet still screams harry potter.  :)  it's going to be a big hit with HP AND JW fans alike.<br />as to the questions regarding the song playing during DADA class with the boggart, the john williams fan network says:<br />&quot;Big Band Source #1 - Released, but not on this album <BR>From the LP Professor Lupin plays underneath the Boggart scene. The music entertwines with Williams' score. I think this is from \\"Swing, Swing, Swing\\", but I'm not sure.&quot;
B00007LTIA|5.0|This is not only one of the great albums of all times, it is a cosmic mirror through which deep stages of consciousness can be perceived.  'Tales' stands in relationship to Hindu and Buddhist pujas (rituals) that invoke the power and energy of Mind as manifested in the unseen realities of gods and demons.  Be forewarned.  To play this album is to unleash subtle and powerful forces.  It is an initiation, an abisheka, into the ground of luminosity and emptiness.  Through the sound of this music your mind will open up and become touched by the same mind that inspired Jon Anderson: Paramahansa Yogananda, whose own mind is inseparable from the Mind that is Being, the clear light of Kuntuzangpo.
B000002H3E|5.0|My ears hurt,<br />This CD rocks so hard you will climb the walls. If your a fan of Ratt, this is better than &quot;out of the cellar&quot;. Sure it came along sometime after but it is produced better.
0312263120|2.0|enough to read. And that's only if you're bored. The only reason I gave it a 2 instead of a 1 was that it was interesting enough to keep me occupied while at work (on audiobook). To even read it at all though, you have to pretend you don't know things you do and take the author's word for it (like all the tehnical details others have mentioned). I can't imaginge a book being this poorly researched and still being published. Apart from that, the worst thing about this book isn't the poor plot, characters, or diablogue, in my opinon; it's the fact that almost every character in it is suppposed to be a super genius yet in their words and actions and thoughts, they seem to have the IQ of a house plant. They continue to do the stupidest thing possible in any given situation, and taking the absolute longest time possible to put anything together. I can put up with a lot in a book but not menatally challenged characters who are supposed to be brilliant.
B0000A02TZ|1.0|If you want to see reviews of the movie, go to [...]  If you want a review of this particular DVD version, read on.<br />By putting the mandatory (you can only fast forward - and many dvd players only fast forward at one speed) previews in the beginning of the Animal House disk, Universal has lost a heavy DVD purchaser.<br />When I first realized the previews were of this nature, I immediately wrote to Universal:<br />Mr. Craig Kornblau<br />President of Universal Studios Home Video and Executive Vice President/General Manager, Universal Music &amp; Video Distribution<br />70 Universal City Plaza<br />Universal City, CA 91608<br />My main points were:<br /> - &quot;One of the reasons I purchase DVDs instead of VHS tapes is that I greatly value the time-saving feature of skipping chapters and going directly to the title menu when I desire.  Essentially, I paid the extra money for a DVD when all that was provided was a VHS tape that can play in my DVD player.&quot;<br /> - &quot;Even though I am an avid DVD purchaser, this is the only time I have ever encountered a DVD that so infuriated me.  If this matter is not fixed, I will never purchase another DVD released by Universal again, and advise my friends to do the same.&quot;<br />Please write to Univeral.  I received a letter in the mail that said their &quot;plan for future relases is to include the ability to bypass trailers by selecting 'Main Menu.'&quot;  It doesn't help those of us who purchased this DVD, though.<br />P.S. About the menu button: the PS2 doesn't have one, and selecting &quot;menu&quot; from the select button's menu does not work.
B00006B1HH|4.0|Grease was director Randal Kleiser's first wide-screen movie project - before that he'd done a lot of TV work. He says in the Making Of feature that when he first looked through the monitor, while shooting this film, and saw that wide movie-type frame versus the narrow TV box he was used to, he knew he'd hit the big time. And he made wonderful use of that wide frame. Especially in the dance numbers like &quot;Summer Nights, &quot;Greased Lightning,&quot; and &quot;You're the One That I Want,&quot; the action spreads from one side of the screen to the other. Grease is severely lessened when shown on the full-screen instead of being letterboxed. Take it from someone foolish enough to buy the wrong version. A Grease that only gives you two-thirds of the dance numbers is a crippled thing. Go for the wide-screen version and get the full treatment.
B00024I31C|5.0|If you know a more gifted tunesmith and guitarist than J.J. Cale, I'd sure like to hear about it.  &quot;To Tulsa and Back&quot; validates my opinion that blues-based rock 'n' roll simply don't get no better'n this here.<br />Gritty-yet-sophisticated music underlies life's themes of the down-but-not-quite-out in society.  The slightest possiblity for redemption keeps hope alive. Maybe we somehow can rise above America's supposedly non-existant caste system to a better life. <br />Musically, I hear stiffling hot &quot;after-midnight&quot; summer in some off-Beale Memphis joint. Sounds of the wide-open Wild West simultaneously project tranquility and desolation.<br />I hate to use a cliche, but there's no way to ignore the fact that this is the CD Clapton wishes he still had in him today.<br />A must-listen CD from one of our genuine originals and treasures.
B0000025T6|4.0|Bruce decided he had to make this album to further himself as an artist, as to not get stuck in a routine of writing typical pop songs. It took a lot of guts to do, especially because he knew that it wouldn't be an immediate big smash, and because he also knew that he could have easily remained in the same vein he had been in and sold more records at the time. In the book \\"Howling At The Moon,\\" Walter Yetnikoff, who was President of CBS Records when Nebraska came out, described the first time he listened to it with Bruce. He said Bruce was very nervous, because he knew it wasn't a commercial album, and so Yetnikoff, who was drunk at the time, listened to it, and responded by calling the album the wrong name, \\"Yeah, I really like 'Omaha,' Bruce.\\" A mistake in the name, but it was not a mistake to release this album. It allowed Bruce to explore darker and different areas of his craft, and to master them, while showing people that he is not the one-dimensional caricature that many make him out to be. Highlights on this album include: Nebraska (very scary), Atlantic City (it's interesting to listen to the original version and compare it to the version on the Live in NYC DVD; really one of his best songs ever), Highway Patrolman, State Trooper (his visceral screams are the highlight of the album), and Open All Night. You can really hear his influences on this one, including Dylan, Orbison, and Buddy Holly. It paved the way for him in the future by opening up his creativity, and for fans of typical \\"Born in the USA\\" Bruce, this is a realy eye-opener, and it might take a while to grow on you, but believe me it will!
B000268QB2|3.0|Ok, Keane is a good band, very good indeed if you're into \\"the new Britpop\\" (i.e. Coldplay, Doves, Elbow, Franz Ferdinand, etc). But don't get mistaken. They are NOT like Coldplay. Here, a few good reasons to give Keane a try on your CD player:    a. Singer is far way better than Coldplay's would ever be.  b. Music is less pretentious, gloomy or depresive (so, don't expect anything like \\"The Bends\\" from Radiohead).  c. They are very \\"shiny\\" in their mood, and that's a strong point!!(play attention to the programming and some \\"electronic\\" effects. There's no abuse, so calm down, just like Munson does).  d. There's no guitar. I couldn't ever notice that, but, anyway, no one is gonna miss its sound.    Finally, we are, PERHAPS, in front of the birth of another great british pop band. It's just question to wait for their second CD. Remind me of Travis in their best moments (\\"Why does it always rain on me\\" and, namely, \\"Turn\\" and \\"Sing\\", very up tunes). So if liked \\"The man who\\", try this CD. But, if you're new into britsh pop, don't forget this: The Simths are the cathedral, Keane is a nice and little church.
B00009RAJJ|5.0|This album was made in the wake of it's predecessor, Rumours, selling a gazillion copies. So how do you follow that? Make something totally off the wall and different that people don't really &quot;get&quot; until 20 years later. Lindsey Buckingham drives the record, and some say his material is too dominant, but the error there is this: the total running time of his nine songs is shorter than the total running time of Stevie Nicks' FIVE songs! So her material actually takes up more space on the album. Don't get me wrong, I'm not criticizing her, some of her best work ever is found on this album (Sara, Beautiful Child, Storms). But clearly, it is Lindsey's vision that emerges over the project. Some of his best work is also on this oft-maligned project, including Tusk (listen to it with headphones), What Makes You Think You're The One (that's Lindsey on the piano), Not That Funny, and one of his all-time great songs (of which several demo versinos are found on Disc 2) I Know I'm Not Wrong. Lindsey plays with his voice more on this album, and he takes more of the production role, which results in a very frenetic, paranoid, but brilliant album. Christine McVie also has some gems: Think About Me and Never Forget. It's good to see FM playing several songs off of Tusk on their most recent leg of the Say You Will Tour, including I Know I'm Not Wrong, Beautiful Child, Sara and Tusk. Pick this one up, and Disc 2 provides a pretty interesting insight into the making of it, but probably not for the very casual fan.
1592400876|5.0|This happy little number is a wicked fun look at the mysterious land of grammar.  While its focus is British (and boy, can you hear the accent of the author with every word!), it is designed for sticklers of all English-speaking nations.  So gather your markers and sticky tape and follow Lynn Truss in her quest to save the world from errant apostrophes, impossible hyphens, and runaway semicolons.
B00000JLWW|4.0|This movie had romance (Leo &amp; Kate), and adventure (Titanic sinking).  This movie could've been split in two -- Titanic I: The Love Story, and Titanic II: the Sinking of Titanic.  And since it's popular to do trilogies... Titanic III: Kate's New Life in America<BR>Well there you have my two pennies.
B000148KK2|2.0|Compared to her previous work, this new CD is terrible. The first time I listened to it I had to skip through tracks because there is simply no life in the songs. Nothing like her previous work.
B0000DD7LB|2.0|Ok, so miss Spears wrote a more grown up CD. So what? Does that make it any better? No! She still sucks. Although I must admit that she did get me temperarely hooked on Toxic, I soon found out thats what it is, Toxic. With her annoyingly high voice and futuristic editing I don't know what she was thinking! Not that her video was any better. Yes, I admit, her album is different from the others, but that does not mean it's any better. You've heard enough of this CD on the radio, no need to go out and buy it. It's a total waste of money. This is also the most inappropriate album for young kids. The lyrics are completly filthy.
B0000AM6K2|5.0|I was introduced to Josh Rouse, 1972 last October, 2003 while visiting a friend in Stockholm, Sweden. It was the best thing I have heard in a long time. It CD has not left my player since. The songs are extremely well produced and his voice is very accommodating. DO BUY THIS RECORD!!
B00005JMJ4|1.0|There is nothing worse than watching a movie that doesn't go anywhere, and ends leaving you with that, &quot;I just spent 2 hours watching that!&quot;<br />Save your money, don't buy it, don't rent it. It is a complete waste of time
B00008BXJ6|5.0|Ive always loved High Voltage.The cd I used to have said it was remastered but this is a version that is remastered from that one.The sound is incredible.The guitar,the bass, the vocals,everything.This is the best version of one of their best albums.Nuff said.
B00005JMEW|2.0|As with \\"Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon\\", I resisted seeing this movie both when released and on DVD, and for some of the same reasons. I finally saw it on cable and, just as with CTHD, I longed for a way to recapture those two wasted hours of my life. <br />This is a highly stylized gore fest with the same disregard for physics, anatomy, and medical science as CTHD. Tarantino is an obviously disturbed individual who's managed to capture the attention of jaded moviegoers.<br />His ability as a film maker is evident (I wish I could say the same of CTHD!), but his obsession with pushing as many audience buttons as possible shouldn't be confused with good film making. On the other hand, the Anime flashback sequence was well done, but then no one expects Anime to be in any way realistic. And that's the problem, this is live action Anime.<br />That these movies (I'm assuming that Vol. 2 is more of the same) have been so popular speaks volumes about our society - and that's the most depressing thought of all.
1401300901|1.0|I started reading this book with an open mind. By page 10 I felt I correcting a 10 year old's English assignment. It is awful!! Do not waste your money. The idea is good but it is written by a girl who obviously has no idea of grief or death in her little world. I really struggled to finish it. <BR>I can only guess that as she is the daughter of the Irish PM that it was published. To publishers out there...Do publish tripe like this ever again. Really REALLY BAD!!!!
B0001LJC2K|3.0|At first listen, it's hard to take Muse seriously because they sound almost exactly like Radiohead.  Now, Radiohead is great, but when another band comes out sounding as much like them as Muse does, I wonder, come on guys, can't you be a little more original?  Of course, rarely is anyone ever completely original in pop music.  Everyone owes something to those who came before, but the similarities here are very hard to ignore.  Swirling guitars and pianos, anthemic choruses, whisper to scream dynamics, and particularly the trademark nasally vocals; it's quite obvious who these guys' biggest influence is.  With all the attention they're receiving with the release of their new album - spots on the ultra cool Coachella and Curiosa festivals - they're doing pretty well for a band that more or less \\"borrowed\\" their sound from someone else, which is an initial turn off.<BR> That said, Absolution is actually pretty good, and could easily be mistaken for a release somewhere between The Bends and OK Computer.  If you're going to sound like Radiohead, you might as well do it well, and Muse does.  \\"Apocalypse Please\\" is a great opener, switching between pounding piano chords and dizzying synths while Matthew Bellamy sings in his best Yorkian whine about the end of the world.  You'd swear that \\"Time is Running Out\\" is an actual cover of, well, you know who, and \\"Sing for Absolution\\" is a strong single, complete with bouncing piano, a hooky chorus, and all of the right elements to make a great Radio, err Muse song.  Coldplay couldn't have done it any better.  \\"Thoughts of a Dying Atheist\\" is also really good in a Pablo Honey way, up-tempo, quiet/loud, straight to the point post punk with a good sing along chorus, a little reminiscent of Placebo's \\"Bitter End\\".  There are a few songs that are not quite as derivitive, and unfortunately, these are the record's weaker points. \\"Hysteria\\" has some great guitar lines but is just standard catchy alt rock; not bad but not great.  \\"Stockholm Syndrome\\" overdoes it on the heavy guitars and out of breath vocals, and \\"Falling Away With You\\" could have come right off of U2's All That You Can't Leave Behind (take that however you want).  <BR>     I honestly didn't think I would like this album.  I'm pretty sure that I've heard their last record, but I can't remember anything about it.  So with this one, I really didn't expect much.  But Muse surprised me.  From the first listen, I was impressed.  Absolution is a guilty pleasure of modern rock grandiosity that doesn't always reach the same heights as their influences, but their efforts make for some good listening.
B0000C5RQF|5.0|In this DVD's special feature, renowned Mozart interpreter Sir Colin Davis states (or quotes another musician) that, &quot;Mozart is simply God.&quot;  He compares this composer's Singspiel in two acts to Shakespeare's valedictory work, &quot;The Tempest,&quot; and relates that one of Mozart's characters actually quotes Prospero.  This occurs when Sarastro is speaking of the Queen of the Night:  &quot;This thing of darkness I / Acknowledge mine&quot; (5.1.275-76).  How very appropriate since Mozart's librettist Schikaneder was among other things a Shakespearean actor. Mozart himself was said to be working on sketches for an operatic version of &quot;The Tempest&quot; when he died.<br />This production was filmed at the Royal Opera House, Convent Garden in January, 2003 and one of the most pleasing aspects of it is that the producer has achieved unity of music, text, and staging.  As the conductor says, &quot;you can be an old man like me or a little girl of seven...&quot; and the 'Flute' will still enfold you in its trifold magic.<br />The designer, John Macfarlane chose an unusually dark Baroque setting--&quot;When will this endless night be over?&quot;--but there are flashes of brilliance, some of them paying homage to Ingmar Bergman's version of this opera, e.g. the scene in the Speaker of the Temple's study, the trials by water and fire, Pamina's attempted suicide, and Sarastro's final exit with the flute (although this Sarastro doesn't toss it gleefully into the air).<br />One of the most extraordinary aspects of this production is its Papageno.  Simon Keenlyside is a nervy, cynical birdcatcher.  He is not simple, so much as burned-out.  This interpretation makes his attempted suicide seem very much in character, but I had trouble believing that he would live happily ever after with Ailish Tynan's brassy Papagena.<br />The Austrian bass Franz-Josef Selig is a portly, paternal Sarastro.  The low Fs of &quot;O Isis und Osiris&quot; are no challenge to his dark voice, but he is less successful with the second great bass aria, &quot;In diesen heilgen Hallen&quot; which sounds a bit shouted and effortful.  His speaking voice resonates with deep, mellow calm, and I'd almost rather hear him talk than sing.<br />The Queen of the Night, Diana Damrau will cause the hair on the back of your neck to rise up with her unearthly arias.  She was voted &quot;Opernwelt's&quot; Young Singer of the Year in 1999 and I hope to hear more of her.  She commanded the stage and the Night, as well as every difficult passage that Mozart wrote for her.<br />Will Hartmann as Tamino is a little pinched at top, but suitably noble.  He is an excellent, believable prince.  Dorothea R&ouml;schmann is his sturdily-sung Pamina.  Usually her suicide attempt is more believable than Papageno's, but not in this production.  She is more of a Ceres than a frightened, abducted Persephone.<br />Adrian Thomson's Monostatos and his cohorts wore period fright-perukes and lots of lipstick.  Perfect!  Their costumes and cavorting reminded me of the 'minuet scene' in &quot;Fearless Vampire Killers.&quot;<br />Thomas Allen is a special treat as the Speaker of the Temple, although the gorgeous orrery almost steals the scene in his study.<br />Sir Colin's comment on the meaning of &quot;Die Zauberfl&ouml;te,&quot; &quot;The struggle to attain perfection is where all value lies&quot; also applies to productions of this opera.  That is why I think you should experience both this conductor's version, as well as Ingmar Bergman's 1975 film.<br />I recently attended the most enchanting of 'Flutes' with sets designed by Maurice Sendak, and nothing will ever supercede Ingmar Bergman's production in my heart, but Sir Colin's 'Flute' is a close third.ice, but he is less successful with the second great bass aria, &quot;In diesen heilgen Hallen&quot; which sounds a bit shouted and effortful.  His speaking voice resonates with deep, mellow calm, and I'd almost rather hear him talk than sing.<br />The Queen of the Night, Diana Damrau will cause the hair on the back of your neck to rise up with her unearthly arias.  She was voted &quot;Opernwelt's&quot; Young Singer of the Year in 1999 and I hope to hear more of her.  She commanded the stage and the Night, as well as every difficult passage that Mozart wrote for her.<br />Will Hartmann as Tamino is a little pinched at top, but suitably noble.  He is an excellent, believable prince.  Dorothea Rschmann is his sturdily-sung Pamina.  Usually her suicide attempt is more believable than Papageno's, but not in this production.  She is more of a Ceres than a frightened, abducted Persephone.<br />Adrian Thomson's Monostatos and his cohorts wore period fright-perukes and lots of lipstick.  Perfect!  Their costumes and cavorting reminded me of the 'minuet scene' in &quot;Fearless Vampire Killers.&quot;<br />Thomas Allen is a special treat as the Speaker of the Temple, although the gorgeous orrery almost steals the scene in his study.<br />Sir Colin's comment on the meaning of &quot;Die Zauberflte,&quot; &quot;The struggle to attain perfection is where all value lies&quot; also applies to productions of this opera.  That is why I think you should experience both this conductor's version, as well as Ingmar Bergman's 1975 film.<br />I recently attended the most enchanting of 'Flutes' with sets designed by Maurice Sendak, and nothing will ever supercede Ingmar Bergman's production in my heart, but Sir Colin's 'Flute' is a close third.
B0001IN07Q|5.0|The sound of Buble's voice is intoxicating and the way he carries himself is the definition of class. This is a gotta have dvd for appreciators of live performance. <br />He is my day's Sinatra. <br />Sexy, funny and blessed with a voice from the heavens.
B000002I27|5.0|This is a great follow up to The Doors self-titled first cd; they use more effects with the music, they actually used 8-tracks to record this one, compared to 4-tracks used for The Doors, so they had more space to add-in more stuff and do some experimentation with sounds. The title track Strange Days has some keyboard spacey type of sound in it, Unhappy Girl has the organ recorded straight and backwards (one on top of the other)or something, sounds trippy; excelent cd overall, When the Music's over, Love Me Two Times and People Are Strange are stand out tracks in this cd; the title track is great too; no fillers, great listen from begining to end.
0790729725|5.0|A real life look inside the lives of true gangsters..an almost flawless movie. i dont think there is one wasted second in the whole film. Im looking forward to the deluxe edition coming out soon..no more flipping the disc..its a shame this didnt win for best picture..and Mr Scorsese for best director
B0001DI0FI|3.0|An excellent performance by Russell Crowe, he's just too cute in that Pony Tail.<br />If you like Russell you'll love this movie.<br />If you would like to see an amazing recreation of a sea battle between old ships, this is a great flick for that as well.<br />The way they have the ships though as far as the time it takes to sail around South America is a joke.<br />One minute they're near the top of South America the next minute they're at the bottom and then within a short time they are in the Gallopagos Islands.<br />A journey that would have taken a LONG TIME is treated as a short trip.<br />I would have given it 3.5 stars since 3 is a bit low. But it's not 4 stars for sure, IMO.<br />Crowe fans buy it
0312305060|5.0|This book is a must read.  Michael Cunningham managed to do what I think many authors fail to do: actually feel the emotional pain of his characters.  While this turned out to be very depressing, it was a joy to read someone so in touch with the way people work.  One of the greatest character driven novels ever written.  One bit of advice: do not read this during your lunch hour at work because you will be a mess when you return.  Another piece of advice: do not let this book pass you by.  Also, check out the movie.  It was one of the rare instances where the feeling and story of the book completely translated to the screen.
0792106989|3.0|I've been searching for the &quot;best&quot; western, and a couple of people recommended this one. It does bring up some interesting issues, but I'm still searching.<br />The movie, besides being stuffed with the usual cliches of the genre and the usual shoddy production values (obviously the whole thing was shot in a studio except for the train scenes at beginning and end), is a muddle.<br />What exactly is the message? It seems to be that we need to murder bad guys in order to control them, and that what passes for civilization is just a lie. This would seem to support the silly interpretation of the film as an allegory for our war on terror, but that doesn't quite work either. Liberty was out in the street and easily identifiable, whereas most terrorists are in hiding or are unknown. &quot;Taking the law into our own hands&quot; is what Valance's thugs try to do after he's killed, and look where it gets them.<br />Finally, neither way of life--the old Wild West nor the new more civilized West--looks like a very desirable condition. If we can believe this film (that is, take it as a metaphor), then in the old West everyone was too cowardly to stand up and face the bad guys except for the ineffectual representative of the new civilization, but Valance finally had to be shot from the shadows in a side street by the supposed &quot;manly&quot; John Wayne character--not a very nice allegory to base our country's behavior or character on.<br />However that may be, it's another second-rate Western. I'm beginning to believe that the whole genre is second-rate.
0790732203|4.0|This 1983 film that launched the career of Tom Cruise proves its relative timelessness by entertaining audiences even today.  Mediocre student and always-obedient son Joel (Cruise) is left alone in his upscale suburban house when his parents take a vacation.  It's Joel's senior year in high school and it appears that the only highlight is going to be a boring project for the Young Enterpriser Club contest.  When his friend Miles (Curtis Armstong) forces his hand to take a chance, Joel is thrown into an out-of-control scenario involving the charming prostitute Lana (Rebecca de Mornay), her enterprising friends, an irate pimp named Guido (Joe Pantoliano), and a high school full of unfilled but hormonally charged teenage boys.  Throw in Joel's father's Porsche, an application to Princeton, and the all-important midterms that Joel is in danger of failing - and you've got a fast-paced, hilarious flick of adolescence out of control.<br />Unlike today's teen movies, &quot;Risky Business&quot; is not preoccupied with sophomoric humor and gratuitous foul language.  It's too smart a screenplay for that.  Instead, it focuses on the humor of a good boy gone temporarily bad, and how one small act of rebellion changes everything.  At times, the film tries to be artsy with its gimmicky camera shots, direction, and editing, thus dating the film more than the costumes and screenplay do, but overall it succeeds.  The music is great, particularly for those who remember the times.<br />Dust off your memories and revisit this fun flick.  If you've never seen it, you should, if for no other reason than for seeing why Tom Cruise and Rebecca de Mornay rocketed to fame following its release.
B000002I25|5.0|This is The Doors debut album, great record; this album portrays pure musical freedom, just listen to the solos in Light My Fire; Break on Through is a great song, it's like the whole purpose of The Doors music, to break on through; The End, one of the best trips you'll get from music if you let go; Soul Kitchen is a really good song too. Listen to the words.
B00003CXAA|5.0|A timeless piece of work. film making at its best. Not much more can be said about these films that already hasnt been.<br />Although i think part 3 while not in the same league as 1 &amp; 2 is not as bad as people say it is..it can hold its own against many films out there..its just that its in the shadows of true masterpieces. the dvd package itself is great..lots of extras..id love even more.
B00005JM02|5.0|My 3 and 5 year olds loved it.<br />I didn't mind sitting through it in the theatre and again at home on the Big Screen.<br />No doubt Nemo will be back.<br />You kids will wear out the DVD from play.<br />A Classic
B0001AVZA8|1.0|I really wish that Diane Keaton would just give up already.  This movie had potential to be a very sweet, romantic comedy involving older adults, but instead it was silly and stupid.  Jack Nicholson plays what he seems to play best: the wise cracking bachelor.  You've seen it before (As Good as it Gets), and you've also seen it done much better (About Schmidt, without the bachelor part).  My problem came from Ms. Keaton who over acted her way throughout the entire movie.  Case in point: the crying montage.  I realize that this was supposed to be funny, but instead I was deeply embarrassed for Ms. Keaton.  I wanted to crawl in a hole for her.  No one does these kinds of scenes better than Sally Field (see Soap Dish) and Ms. Keaton should really stop trying.  I saw a bit of over acting oozing from her in First Wives Club, but it is fully developed in this movie.  Since I have no other choice lower than one star, I will award that to Keanu Reeves, who surprised me by being the one who could actually act in this movie.
B0001NBMBC|1.0|This used to be one of the heaviest bands out there.  The self titled was hard as hell, made you want to break something.  Iowa was one of the darkest albums with nice hard dreary progressions.  Did Corey forget how to scream, thats what he is good at.  Stone Sour polluted this band for good,  Now they are writing crap like this. Anyone who gives this over a 3 is a sucker.  Believe me it won't grow on you unless your a new fan.  If your and existing fan you won't be after you buy this.  If you do buy it use it a frisby for your dog, or a beer coaster. Damn this pisses me off.<BR>GOOD BAND TERRIBLE ALBUM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B00004RF97|5.0|The Philadelphia Story is a romantic comedy with Katherine Hepburn, Cary Grant, and James Stewart.  As far as I'm concerned, it would be darn near impossible for any movie with those three to be bad.  They are just too good.  Luckily, however, The Philadelphia Story is anything but bad.  It's hysterical, laugh out loud, funny.  The dialogue is sharp and the wit is quick.<br />Katherine Hepburn plays a divorcee about to get remarried.  She's cool, hard, and very self-righteous.  Her former husband, played by Cary Grant, comes to the wedding uninvited, in part to stop his former father-in-law from being embarassed in the press and in part to make a general nuisance of himself, setting his ex-wife's teeth on edge.  Jimmy Stewart plays a serious novelist turned reporter assigned, against his will, to cover the wedding for the social pages.  With Katherine Hepburn being above it all, Cary Grant being a lovable rogue, and Jimmy Stewart playing the intellectual, it turns into a hilarious debacle ala 'The Importance of Being Earnest'.  <br />The supporting cast characters of in this movie are also exceptionally good.  Each of them are good actors in their own right and they serve to bring a very, very high polish to this already good film that might otherwise be lacking. <br />For DVD collectors there isn't much on this DVD, as their often isn't with older movies.  The original theatrical trailer is included, which is a nice boon to those who enjoy them.
0375432302|5.0|I loved this book. I'd purchased it some time ago and was the middle of reading another novel. So I loaned it to my daughter to read first. Then she loaned it to someone else. Next thing I know, I've purchased Angels and Demons and I'm reading it first. After I'd finished reading Angels and Demons, I immediately got in touch with my daughter and told her to get The Da Vinci Code back for me to read. Well, I just finished reading it...non-stop...and I hold the highest of respect and praise for Dan Brown as an excellent writer. After reading the book, I almost knew there would be a great many book reviews because of the book's subject matter and plot. Let's face it, any time an author writes about religion or politics, he's in for the scalding of a lifetime if his story touchs a nerve. Brown no doubt has touched nerves, and it isn't about how he writes because there's no doubt he's a very talented writer. It's more about the subject he picks to write about. I've never seen it fail, you get someone to make a comment about someone else's religion or politics, and you'll get a hot response every time. They aren't really seeing the story but only the subject matter. It's sort of like not seeing the forest for the trees. This is the second book I've read in the last three days for Dan Brown, and now I'm on my way to the bookstore to buy another one of his novels. I can't wait for his next novel.  I can't wait to see this book made into a motion picture either.  You go, Dan. ;-)
B00005OM4Q|4.0|although a based on a true story, Almost Famous plays like every 16 year olds rock and roll fantasy. i love this movie.<br />i cant vouch for its authenticity but you want to believe its all true...who wouldnt want to run away with a rock band..live among the stars and fall in love with Penny Lane..even for a short time..the movie shows the ups and downs of a touring band trying to make it big..in the still some-what innocent times of the 1970's. humor, tears, and hey even a happy ending..just a great movie for anyone who loves music..the dvd has great extras too the deleted scene with &quot;air-drumming&quot; to stairway to heaven is absolutely hysterical.
B0001BKAEY|2.0|You know the Matrix was great.<br />Reloaded was disappointing<br />Revolutions is something you see for one reason, you saw the first two so you might as well see the last<br />The CLIMAX of the whole trilogy is Neo facing a digital entity alla The Wizard of Oz<br />The FACE encounter at the end is probably the biggest let down there is<br />While the encounter of THE PROGRAMMER was interesting in Reloaded<br />Neo and THE FACE was to say it bluntly, LOUSY<br />I say we should all throw away our copies of Reloaded and Revolutions and act like THE MATRIX as a one shot deal<br />The other two films are NOT WORTHY
B0001BKAEY|1.0|OK, I'm no Matrix-head...<br />I'm given to understand that to really get what's going on in this movie, one must have a) read a Matrix comic book, b) seen the &quot;Animatrix&quot; DVD, and c) played the Matrix video game.  Since I didn't, there's a lot about this flick that makes no sense to me.<br />Characters who played no part at all in the original movie are shoved to center stage, and nobody could figure out why.  Neo and Trinity disappear for a huge stretch of the movie.  Too much time is spent on minor characters that we don't care about.<br />The story is predictable, tragically so.  As is common knowledge now, Trinity dies, in a laughably protracted death scene that's even more absurd when you figure that other people in these flicks die as soon as you wave a knife in front of them.  Plus, her passing was telegraphed in advance; when she utters a small line of dialog, my immediate response was, &quot;Oh, she's dead.&quot;<br />The story is littered with gaps in logic that are absurd.  Didn't anyone think of putting any sort of bulletproof shielding on those exoskeleton things?<br />The final fight scene between Neo and Agent Smith, to me, was uninvolving and dull.  You know who's going to win, so why bother drawing it out?  And how many times can someone be knocked backwards and leave a huge dent in a wall?  That move was repeated so many times it became a running gag.<br />The film's climax is ultimately illogical and also leaves many issues unresolved.  There's talk of another trilogy but quite honestly, I hope it doesn't come to be.  I doubt it will; I saw this movie on its second weekend, and the theater was empty.<br />On the good side, this film IS filled with visual razzle-dazzle.  And the dialogue is not as atrociously inept as it was in the first film, which had me laughing myself sick at the moronic things people were saying.  But the Brothers W. do need to find a REAL screenwriter for their next outing, someone better at workable plots and realistic dialogue.  A good, intelligent script coupled with their visual style would be something special indeed.alistic dialogue.  A good, intelligent script coupled with their visual style would be something special indeed.
B00009L1TA|3.0|Basic is a movie about a supposed training accident involving marines and a hated sargeant played by Samuel L Jackson. Drug agent John Travolta (slim in this movie) is asked to figure it out with the help of Nielsen. The way he plays the suspects is interesting but everyone tells their own story. Then the trouble starts, because no one knows what the truth is and everyone seems to be involved. <br />It's a soldier story with a twist, be sure to watch the last 5 minutes.
B00009TB5G|4.0|It's interesting to see how many people say things like: &quot;Get the extended version because it has more scenes in it&quot; or &quot;Get the extended version because it has more 'extras' in it&quot;.  Well sometimes 'longer is better' and sometimes not...<br />In the case of &quot;The Two Towers&quot; I would agree that the `extended' version was easily superior to its theatrical counterpart.  The extended version filled in many important plot elements and fully rounded out the middle movie.  Most of the `dangling' plot elements were far better explained in this extended version.  <br />However, I cannot say the same for the `extended' version of the first movie, i.e. \\"The Fellowship of the Ring.\\"  The extended version of `The Fellowship....' added very little new to the plot development with the exception of the `Lady Galadriel's Gift Giving' scenes.  On the contrary, the extra footage of the Shire in the beginning weakened the much tighter and far better Shire opening in the theatrical version.  Plus with the various changes to the musical score, the `extended' version of `The Fellowship of the Ring' just drags on too much.  I cannot recommend the `extended' version of  \\"Fellowship\\" over the theatrical version.  All in all, my view on `Theatrical' versus `Extended' is summarized as follows:<br />The Fellowship of the Ring:<br />1) `The Fellowship of the Ring' Theatrical Version:  4 stars (out of 4), a very tight and well plotted opening for the Trilogy.<br />2) `The Fellowship of the Ring' Extended Version:   3 stars (out of 4), moves far slower at the wrong times, strong scenes from the theater version end up feeling weaker and watered down.  The musical score is weaker as well.<br />The Two Towers:<br />1) `The Two Towers' Theatrical Version:  3 stars (out of 4), rather disappointing due to too many unfinished scenes and the feeling that too many plot twists were left unexplained.<br />2) `The Two Towers'  Extended Version:  4 stars (out of 4), fully fixes all of the elements missing from the theatrical version.  This one should have been released as the theatrical version.<br />The Return of the King:<br />1) `The Return of the King' Theatrical Version: 4 stars (out of 4), Fully realized, beautiful ending to the trilogy, in spite of the lack of `The Scouring of the Shire'.  Hey, do you want to sit for another hour?<br />2) `The Return of the King' Extended Version:  Not yet released.  If it goes on too long, I'll have to build a bladder bag into the couch, but it's doable...Still, there are a few loose ends which it may well address, chiefly `The House of Healing', etc.  Once again though, even an extra half-hour is probably going to be too long, but we'll see...<br />Anyway, that's my take on `Extended' versus `Theatrical' so far.  It really depends on each and every movie.  Sometimes longer is better...sometimes not...
B00008RH3L|5.0|Fluid, Dreamlike but with its feet firmly in the gutter.<br />Ive always felt this was the Coen brothers best film, the script is quirky, funny, savage, and flows perfectly the cast gives amazing performances, and the films look is unique but classic, timeless.<br />it has everything in it that makes the Coen brothers such wonderful film makers.
B00005JM0B|4.0|I sure hope they don't ever change the Constitution and allow Da Gov to be Prez. I wouldn't want THE TERMINATOR to have his finger on the BUTTON.<br />T1 was Da Bomb<BR>T2 was a great sequel<BR>T3 was well worth seeing<br />Too bad Da Gov will soon be too old to play this role, they say he spent months getting his 50+ year old body in shape for it.<br />While The Arnold is starting to show signs of wear, this role could go on and on just like the energizer bunny.<br />If you liked T1 or T2, then T3 will not disappoint.<br />Will Arnold be back for T4?<br />I don't think so, since the films have shot about 10 years apart. Will you want to see a 60+ year old Arnold doing this role?<br />BUY IT
0452282152|5.0|This is the book that started my fascination with the author.  I read this book after the movie came out, but did not actually see the movie until it came out for rent.  The book has so many details that the movie does not.  The whole book is told from the main character's, Griet's, perspective.  The book gives us a fictional pictorial of Vermeer's life, or at least a segment of it.  It was quite fascinating to me to see how Catholics were seen as separate from other religions and even looked down upon.  Pick this book up.  You won't be disappointed.
B00005JM02|4.0|Finding Nemo was as much fun as Monsters Inc, another Pixar movie. This time they did a very good job creating an under water seaworld with a lot of creatures with their own personalities. There are some funny animals like the vegetarian sharks and the surfer-dude tortoises. <br />Marlin loses his entire family except for his son, Nemo who unfortunately gets lost. Marlin, a scardy clown fish, has to find him and goes on an adventure aided by a forgetful blue fish (Ellen DeGeneres). Nemo ends up in an aquarium while his father travels many seamiles to get to him.<br />It is a really funny movie for both young and old. Pixar did it again!
B0001NBMBC|3.0|When I first listened to this album, I was dissappointed. I was looking forward to the CD coming out for so long, I couldn't wait to hear more of what I heard on their prior album, Iowa. In actuality, the album sounds like more of a follow up to Stone Sour's first offering than a follow up to Iowa. It probably is a bit outrageous to think that they could have possibly kept up the intensity from Iowa anyway...let's face it, mainstream rock sells.     That isn't to say that Slipknot was trying to totally change their image and go mainstream. The band retains its heaviness on \\"The Blister Exists\\", \\"Three Nil\\", \\"Pulse of the Maggots\\", and \\"The Nameless\\".   Songs like \\"Vermillion\\", \\"Circle\\", and \\"Before I Forget\\" pack less punch than anything Slipknot has done before.     Some will welcome the musical change on this album. Personally, this isn't the type of album I was totally hoping for. I find myself hitting skip on several tracks on this album, something I don't think I ever did on either of their first two.
B0000AM6JI|4.0|almost a sequal to scarface..Carlito Brigante is Tony Montana after doing 15 yrs and having a change of heart...I cant beleive there wasnt some thinking on those lines from the actor and director of both movies...Sean Penn nearly steals this movie as David Kleinfeld Carlitos lawyer is more crooked than the crooks he defends..and Luis Guzm&aacute;n as Pachanga shows why hes one of the best character actors working today...
B0000BWVCM|4.0|We loved Patrick Stewart when he took the helm from Captain Kirk.<br />Now we love Stewart rolling around in his wheel chair with super human powers (thanks to his brainiac machine).<br />X1 and X2 are back to back gems.<br />The special effects are great and the story is decent.<br />The actors are great.<br />If you like Fantasy SciFi this is for you.<br />It's interesting also to learn that Werewolf is not like the other mutants, his 'gift/curse' was created.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This is by far my favorite movie! Russell Crowe's acting is superb. All parts of this movie are fasinating and entertaining. I would recomend this movie to ANYONE. If you haven't seen it yet, you're missing out! This film has everything important to a good plot and screenplay. Drama drama drama!
B000002LHX|2.0|Prince dashed this album off fairly quickly and was rewarded with a number one album and single (\\"Batdance\\") as seemingly everything connected with Batman leapt off shelves in the summer of 1989.     If this album does not belong in the same universe as masterpieces such as Sign o' the Times and Purple Rain, this album is not a bomb. It is actually fun, but light and disposable. \\"Batdance\\" and \\"Electric Chair\\" are the best songs with \\"The Future,\\" \\"Partyman,\\" and \\"Vicki's Waiting\\" coming in next.     So in sum, if not a bad listen, this album is hardly essential. With so many other better Prince albums (and with so many great albums in general), I am not sure why anyone would want to invest much time here.
B00004XPPB|4.0|Al Pacino learns what its like to be Fredo Corleone in this movie..being stepped on, stepped over, getting no respect, and finally getting killed by people he trusted...he plays a loser trying keep his head above water with great conviction. Johnny Depp holds his own on the screen and gives another great performance as well..
B000002UAU|5.0|Rolling Stone Magazine rated Sgt. Peppers as the number one rock album of all time.  I heartily concur because no album changed the face of Rock-N-Roll more.  For the first time, Rock music was capable of being more than mere dance music -- it was to be listened to and digested.  Where the Beatles first album took 10 hours to record, this took 700 hours and 129 days.  The sound of every instrument is in some way altered:  instruments and voices are compressed, limited, and echoed.  Violins were recorded by taking headphones and using them as microphones.  Microphones were dropped down the bells of horn instruments.  Voices were played through the whirling speakers inside a Hammond organ.  This was the the first &quot;concept album&quot; where the songs on each side of the vinyl did not have pauses between them.  Thank you Sir George Martin!<br />The songs themselves are very good.  The last song on the album, &quot;A Day in the Life,&quot; is John Lennon's materpiece.  The title song, Sgt. Peppers, etc., is one of Paul's niftiest pieces.  Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds, is a great psychedelic song which we thought described an LSD trip.  Actually, it described a picture that John Lennon's son drew in school &quot;consist[ing] of a young girl floating in the air with a couple of childishly drawn stars beside her.&quot; We certainly didn't think so when we heard about those cellophane flowers of yellow and green!  The rest of the album is filled with some fine McCartney ballads and other assorted psychedelic rock/pop tunes by Lennon and Harrison.<br />While I consider this album to be the number one album of all time, it is hopelessly mired in that alternative consciousness of the '60s.  It has not aged as well as the White Album, Abbey Road or even the Phil Spectorized &quot;Let it Be.&quot;  Still, it is great listening.  I just hope they release it soon on SACD or DVD-Audio.
0440237688|4.0|i thought the giver was a really great book..i loved the story of it..but some things obviously didnt make sense..ex: EVERYONE went to the ceremonies, but the night crew was at the Nurtuer Center..and other things like that..but other than that..i loved the book..also..the ending? what was up with that? i dont like how there really was no ending..lowery should have jus made an ending..and told us.
0375751513|5.0|This book, which I read quite some time ago but will never cease to love, is a beautiful horror story. The language, the surroundings, even the characters, are gorgeous, but at the same time, everything about them is frightening, and even a little grotesque. Lord Henry is utterly cynical, continually saying things one can never be quite sure he means or is only saying. Dorian is corrupted and horrible, and yet at the same time, one almost thinks he may suddenly stop and try to turn back. Basil is one of the only pure characters in the book, and his devotion to Dorian is sweet, but at the same time, one just /knows/ it will will cause something bad to happen to him--as, ultimately, it does.<br />This book is a very satisfying read, although some people might be disturbed by the content, which is rather mature. Besides that, the homosexual subtext runs rampant waving a Dorian's picture. This may bother some people, although not yours truly. :)<br />Personally, I think it's excellent. If you liked Victor Hugo's style, but would rather not hear historic digressions; if you liked Crime and Punishment's moral conflicts, but were highly irritated by the happy ending; if you enjoyed The Invisible Man's supernatural circumstances but would have been satisfied without the scientific explanations, then go forth ye and read Picture of Dorian Gray. (...)
B00005JMJ4|3.0|Gosh, it seems like those who write <BR>reviews saying they thought 'Lost' was<BR>less than stellar hit a nerve with online<BR>readers.  It was a nice enough effort, imo, but<BR>I didn't see any oscar material here. I love<BR>Bill Murray and that's primarily why I watched <BR>the movie.  'Lost' has its nice touches of nuance, and<BR>paces itself slowly (at time perhaps too slowly);<BR>a patient viewer and viewing are needed if only<BR>because so much of cinema is trying to keep pace<BR>with a world that moves entirely too quickly, and in<BR>that, there may be a point the movie is trying to convey.<BR>But the premise is real enough and it makes<BR>some interesting observations about marriage and <BR>commitment that hopefully won't be 'lost' in a<BR>world were marriage and commitment - even at a <BR>great cost - is woefully undervalued; there is no<BR>chane at grabbing a dose of instant gratification.  <BR>The movie is an exercise in restraint and very <BR>philosophical; it looks at a situation that could <BR>happen to almost anyone: Finding someone special who <BR>you really relate with and care about, but well after <BR>the fact of your marriage (and kids).  <BR>Some will love this and some may only 'like' (or <BR>yes, 'dislike'-its ok, you're allowed).  For my part <BR>I'll say its worth seeing and worth giving it some <BR>consideration.
1869504917|5.0|The Good: During June/July of 2003 I had the unbelievable opportunity to spend 6 weeks exploring New Zealand (this was before the revision of the book to include the Return of the King locations). As a lover of Tolkien and the LOTR movies I knew I could not miss seeing some of the filming locations used to portray 'Middle-Earth.' Ian Brodie's location guide is a godsend! I do strongly recommend renting a 4WD vehicle - the best locations are way off the beaten path and there is no other way to get to them!<br />North Island Highlights -<br />1) Visit the remains of the Hobbiton set in Matamata. Even without the remaining Hobbit hole facades, this lush green country is instantly recognizable as the Shire. To walk up the same stone steps at Bag End that Gandalf climbed is unbelievable. If you're lucky, you'll get one of the Alexander brothers as your guide!<br />2) Do not miss the opportunity to reenact the &quot;get of the road&quot; hobbit sequence on Mt Victoria. We had a bit of trouble finding the spot as much of the smaller brush and shrubbery had recently been trimmed, but once you're there you will recognize the location (focus on finding the older tree growth)!<br />3) Spend some time in Kaitoke Regional Park - aside from the lush vegetation you won't recognize anything directly from the movie, but the park is gorgeous and offers several walking trails.<br />South Island Highlights -<br />1) You MUST make the trek out to Erewhon/Mt Sunday. This was one of the best days of my trip. It is a long unpaved road and an endless drive deep into what seems like the middle of nowhere, but very much worth it! Mt Sunday/Edoras is instantly recognizable and you'll hardly notice that Meduseld isn't still standing there in all its glory. The Rangitata Valley is immense and breathtaking. There simply aren't words to describe the experience. Oh yeah, and it really is windy!<br />2) Queenstown, Queenstown, Queenstown! Do not short yourself on time in this adventure capital of New Zealand! You will recognize the Remarkables, overlooking Queenstown, from the movie immediately - they were used in many landscape shots in the film. Deer Park Heights is amazing - the LOTR locations are labelled with small guide markers, but also take your time to enjoy the animals roaming the preserve! When you find the tiny mountain tarn Peter Jackson used to film the refugees escaping Rohan you will truly come to understand this man's genius and vision! One of the Glenorchy Dart River safaris out of Queenstown is the best way to see the Isenguard location!<br />3) The second greatest day of my New Zealand trip was yet another long unpaved drive to the Mavora Lakes. I can't stress 4WD, common sense, and following speed signs in unpaved locations enough here - going slightly too fast at a road bend, we did at one point lose traction and drive staight off the road. Nonetheless, this worthwhile drive hits several locations. Without a GPS device, you'll find the burning Orc hill/Fangorn Forest location easiest by lining up the mountains to the forest looking for the matching movie shot. Hop the fence (watch out for sheep poo) and take the easy walk up to the hill. Reenact Aragorn's &quot;a hobbit lay here and another here&quot; sequence. Highly amusing after the long drive! Keep on driving (and do not mistake South Mavora Lake which you'll pass first for North Mavora) and you'll eventually get to the location used for Nen Hithoel. The waters where Sam nearly drowned trying to swim to Frodo are indeed cold! The fallen tree where Merry and Pippin hide is easily recognized, as is the tree Frodo hides behind - it is less that 10 feet away from the fallen Merry/Pippin tree. Don't let the prospect of getting a little dirty deter you from crawling under the fallen tree and whispering &quot;hide here&quot;! The guide directions aren't the greatest, but just at the forest edge in the open parking area, stand with the lake parallel to your left and these film locations are close by at the top of the ridge in the 2 o'clock direction. Personal rant to follow! Please do not stray too far into the forest - there is no trail to follow and the forest here is so dense that you could quite easily become lost/disoriented! As a word of warning - at one point in our search my friend and I were separated by only 20 to 30 feet and we could not see each other let alone the lake or parking area. Even though this is no more than a quick climb up a hill, be smart (we did find the car in case you were wondering) - as a precaution bring a daypack/backpack with drinking water for two days (for each person in your party), a small amount of food, and winter warm clothing even if the weather is hot. In the event that you do become lost, don't panic, don't run/rush, and at a calm walk DON'T WANDER FOR MORE THAN 5 MINUTES thinking that you'll find your way out (the average person who wanders for 15 minutes will have walked a mile) - stay put, settle in, and wait to be found. Whether you're going alone or with others - tell someone at your hostel/hotel that if you do not check in with them by a certain hour they should notify authorities of your location - by doing this, someone will find you if the worst case scenario does occur! The same goes for any location you are heading to that is off the beaten track! LOTR draws people from all walks of life, and hopefully those without outdoors experience/knowledge wishing to explore 'Middle-Earth' will stay safe in these wonderful locations!<br />The Bad: The only drawback to this book is that I didn't bring GPS equipment and thus sometimes found the directions to locations slightly vague - nonetheless, the directions do offer enough information to find the locations!<br />The Ugly: This last comment in no way relates to the book! If you're going to this fantastic country simply to see LOTR filming locations, I promise that you are missing out on what could be one of the greatest experiences of your life. Yes, go to see 'Middle-Earth' but do not forget the rest of New Zealand!se by at the top of the ridge in the 2 o'clock direction. Personal rant to follow! Please do not stray too far into the forest - there is no trail to follow and the forest here is so dense that you could quite easily become lost/disoriented! As a word of warning - at one point in our search my friend and I were separated by only 20 to 30 feet and we could not see each other let alone the lake or parking area. Even though this is no more than a quick climb up a hill, be smart (we did find the car in case you were wondering) - as a precaution bring a daypack/backpack with drinking water for two days (for each person in your party), a small amount of food, and winter warm clothing even if the weather is hot. In the event that you do become lost, don't panic, don't run/rush, and at a calm walk DON'T WANDER FOR MORE THAN 5 MINUTES thinking that you'll find your way out (the average person who wanders for 15 minutes will have walked a mile) - stay put, settle in, and wait to be found. Whether you're going alone or with others - tell someone at your hostel/hotel that if you do not check in with them by a certain hour they should notify authorities of your location - by doing this, someone will find you if the worst case scenario does occur! The same goes for any location you are heading to that is off the beaten track! LOTR draws people from all walks of life, and hopefully those without outdoors experience/knowledge wishing to explore 'Middle-Earth' will stay safe in these wonderful locations!<br />The Bad: The only drawback to this book is that I didn't bring GPS equipment and thus sometimes found the directions to locations slightly vague - nonetheless, the directions do offer enough information to find the locations!<br />The Ugly: This last comment in no way relates to the book! If you're going to this fantastic country simply to see LOTR filming locations, I promise that you are missing out on what could be one of the greatest experiences of your life. Yes, go to see'Middle-Earth' but do not forget the rest of New Zealand!
0684833395|5.0|It's a really scary thing to be sane in a world that is insane. That's pretty much Yossarian's problem. He knows that the war going on around him and the people controlling things are crazy. Life, for Yossarian, is one enormous Catch-22; it often seems to be run by forces either hostile or totally indifferent to the human condition. All humanity can come up with is a sort of economic/power hierarchy through which they try to remain blind to the state of life. Capitalism has run amok, as have bureaucracies. Yossarian is alientated and trapped in near-despair and trying to figure out how a sane man is to live in a world that is against him? <br />Catch-22 is one of the truly great novels of the twentieth century because it is so honest and so penetrating. It's not just a war novel; Catch-22 is a novel that really encompasses the current human dilemma. Yossarian is really an Everyman character trying to live in the postmodern age. His choice is seemingly whether he should choose to die as a victim of the crazy world or choose a living death by buying into the insanity. That's why this novel is so affecting and why Yossarian resonates with so many people. He's in the same situation. He faces the same choices in this life. Ultimately, Catch-22 is a towering novel for its hope as Yossarian finally finds the courage to live.<br />I can't really say enough good about Catch-22. It's is funny and touching and so human. It's really a novel that shouldn't be missed.
B00005JL7Q|5.0|I first saw this movie while on a business trip to Chattanooga. I needed to finish up some work on a presentation I was making the next day and there was nothing on TV, so I decided to splurge and rent an On-Demand movie. Most of the movies I had either seen, or had no interest in seeing and just as I was about to turn it off, I came across About A Boy. I hadn't heard much buzz about the movie and I'm not a fan of Hugh Grant, but for reasons unknown to me, I rented it.<br />I was expecting another one of Hugh Grant's saccharine romantic comedies where he plays a charming befuddling fop as he's done ad nauseam since Four Weddings And A Funereal. Granted, I liked Four Weddings immensely, but by Notting Hill I'd had my fill. Much to my surprise, Grant was playing a completely different character and was clearly attempting to break his mold. He'd done that once before in Bridget Jones' Diary, where he played a jerk, but now he was taking it in another direction entirely. It's a refreshing and more importantly interesting change.<br />But this movie isn't all about Hugh Grant's character Will. His co-star is new comer Nicholas Hoult, who plays the boy Marcus and he carries his own. Ultimately, the movie is about both of them, and so Hoult has the responsibility of carrying half the weight of the movie and he does a splendid job. Rounding out the cast is Toni Collette and Rachel Weisz, each do an excellent job as well. Suffice to say that the casting for this movie is brilliant. Each character is fully developed and rich with complexity and emotion. I bought each and every one of them. Not once did I feel that there was a weak link in the bunch. That's also surprising because this type of movie is hard to pull off.<br />So what kind of movie is this? At it's heart, this movie is a comedy. That being said, with subject matter such as suicide, it is most definitely a drama as well. That's a fine line to walk in a film but Weitz Brothers deftly manage to pull it off. Grantedtheir movie is based on the Hornby book by the same name, so they had a rich palette to begin with, but the brothers clearly rose to the challenge and created a fantastic movie. There have been plenty of good books that have been butchered at the box office and Boy is a rare exception. There's no cliche' choices made by the characters and the director's did a great job at staying true to the tone of the book. Chris and Paul also stretched themselves with their camera work and it pays off. If you're into \\"film\\" there's a lot to chew on between the use of jump cuts, depth of focus and swing shots. None of this gets in the way of the movie. If anything these camera techniques add to the performances and help tell the story.<br />Interweaving it's way throughout the movie and in some cases almost playing a role in the film, is the music and it is spot on. All the music was written by Badly Drawn Boy specifically for this movie. I was not familiar with the artist prior to seeing the film, but the director's couldn't have made a better choice. Although each song stands on it's own on the soundtrack, each song also easily blends into the scene and lends a hand in creating just the right tone for the movie. After listening to the soundtrack, I could imagine it as simply a regular artist release, so it stands on it's own. Yet when it's worked into the movie it's pure gold.<br />So why do I like it so much? I'd like to think that I'm not alone in this, but it's because I can relate to the movie on so many levels. There are so many scenes that I could describe, but in the end I would be retelling the entire movie. Every scene has something in it that is worth watching again and again. I can relate to Marcus as he's picked on in school, tries to cope with his mother's depression and ultimately knowingly faces complete and utter embarrassment as a last ditch effort to make his mother happy. The names and places have been changed to protect the innocent, but I've been there. Then there's Will who has to finally face his demons and his father's legacy in order to join the human race and be a part of other peoples lives. Although not an exact context, I've been there in one way shape or form.<br />Surprisingly, I caught myself watching it again the other day on DVD and it struck me that this movie is now in my Top 10, or dare I say Top 5 movie list. I maybe be borrowing from another fantastic Hornby book/movie High Fidelity, but it's true. It's not Citizen Kane, but it is one of the best movies that takes a funny look at becoming a man through two different people. In trying to describe this movies to others, I've called it \\"A guy's romantic comedy.\\" That doesn't really nail it on the head, but I'd like to think that About A Boy, IS a guy's movie. The subject matter may not have Rambo's, or Rocky's, but any guy who can think about something other than sports, or monster trucks should get something from this movie. It's Hugh Grant's best work to date. It's based on a hugely successful book and it's funny as hell. What's not to like?
B0001DI0FI|5.0|One reason that going to a movie theatre hasn't been killed by video is that some movies are simply spectacular on the big<BR>screen. When I watched Master and Commander on DVD I knew I missed out by not seeing it in a movie theatre. If not for<BR>Return of the King it may have walked off with most of the Oscars it was nominated for. But more than that, the acting, dialogue, characterization and action are all first-rate. Russell Crowe really is a terrific actor, bringing to life the serious Captain Jack of the high seas in 2003. The other performances are also humane and realistic, especially those of the boys in the crew of the Surprise. The cat-and-mouse plot doesn't intrude on the characterizations, but creates a tension that brings out the essential qualities of each character, allowing me to identify with what it might be like to experience what they are experiencing. Master and Commander tells its story in an intelligent, thoughtful manner without compromising the excitement, terror and tension of naval warfare.
B0001KZM3O|5.0|Pink Floyd's last studio album to feature Roger Waters is getting a full audio polish and having the track, 'When the Tigers Broke Free, mixed into it's running order. WTTBF was originally written by Roger Waters for the Pink Floyd film 'The Wall and has only ever appeared on the album 'Echoes - The Best of Pink Floyd. A 7&quot; vinyl release did appear in 1982, and curiously has a sticker on the front that read, &quot;from the forth coming Pink Floyd album - The Final Cut.&quot; At the time the next Pink Floyd album was going to be a medley of songs from the film, first titled 'Spare Bricks then 'The Final Cut. As Roger watched the Falklands War unfold, he felt moved to write an album that looked at the post war dream. When 'The Final Cut album was finally released in 1983 there was no WTTBF or any music from the film, 'The Wall.<br />Between July and December of 1982, 'The Final Cut was born via various recording studios in England. Pink Floyd no longer featured Rick Wright who had played out the live 'Wall shows (1980 and 1981) knowing he was no longer required as Pink Floyd's keyboard player. His replacement on the next Pink Floyd record would be Michael Kamen; who would play piano and harmonium on the album. While Rick Wright didn't appear on the album at all, David Gilmour, who's vocal requirements on 'The Wall had been more sparse than previous Pink Floyd albums, would now only sing lead on one song 'Not Now John. Indeed Dave's very recognisable guitar solos would also hardly appear on the album, it seemed Roger saw 'The Final Cut, more as a solo project. In sound and vocal delivery 'The Final Cut has far more in common with Rogers' solo album 'The Pros and Cons of Hitch Hiking, than any previous Pink Floyd albums. History would show that 'The Final Cut was Rogers last studio album with the Pink Floyd, his announced quitting of the band in 1985 did not surprise those close to the band or journalists who had witnessed close at hand the defragmenting of the band over the last 10 years. 'The Final Cut, is a very personal record for Roger Waters, something that is only fully understood when you discover the small dedication in the CD booklet, &quot;For Eric Fletcher Waters 1913-1944, Eric was Roger's father who was killed during World War II. The subtitle for the album is 'a requiem for the post war dream. Roger's strong belief and concern that ran through the album, was that the promise of peace, post the second world war was being ethically and morally compromised.<br />As advertised on the circular sticker on the outer case of the CD, this album is remastered, but wasn't the 1997 reissue of 'The Final Cut also remastered. Well yes it was but, it is common knowledge that the understanding of digital transferring and the techniques now mastered by James Guthrie; have seen a huge leap in the abilities to remaster original analogue master tapes. Auditioning this new remastered version through headphones, reveals a fantastically rich sound and the space between each instrument is instantly recognisable. The CD booklet is also exactly the same as the 1997 reissue, which is 16 pages revealing additional art work over the 1983 original album release. The inclusion of the track 'When the Tigers Broke Free, has aroused some comments of concern but after a few plays it becomes part of the over all story and while Roger's vocal delivery on it does differ from the other songs on the album, the placing between the tracks 'One of the Few and 'The Hero's Return doesn't detract in any way the natural running order of the story. A pre-release CD was sent out (many thanks to Stuart) which comes in a simple paper cover with track details. In some European Countries a white label video EP was sent out as a promo item, this originally fuelled hopes that the OOP video EP might get a re-release but EMI and Pink Floyd Management Ltd (previously EMKA) have revealed there are no such plans. Although the album failed to chart in the UK this time, (in 1983 the album reached No. 1 with poor reviews!) it did receive positive reviews via the music press.
B0001UL7RY|5.0|Avril Lavignes first album Let go ruled the world but Under my Skin rocks the universe. Some of the albums have a bonus track called 'i always get what i want' and the rest of the tracks are just wicked especially the first one whch is called take me away. Buy it now and make avril 1#
B00006V9A0|5.0|Released in 2002, this is the third compilation available to the mass public for Nirvana.<br />Despite all the controversy residing around this album, including all the legal troubles, fights, and even Kurt Cobain's suicide, people wondered if a Nirvana Greatest Hits record may EVER be published because of Courtney Love's resistance to one. After Krist Noveselic had been trying to get rights to Nirvana's Catalog away from Courtney Love and failing to do so, the only thing he wished to have would be one compilation, the aptly named NIRVANA. Eventually he got his wish granted, and this stands as the Best and most affordable Nirvana compilation out there, and read below to find out why:<br />Pros-<br />-THIS ALBUM COVERS EVERY SINGLE NIRVANA STUDIO ALBUM AND 1 LIVE ALBUM-This compilation manages to cover Bleach, Nevermind, In Utero, Incesticide, Nirvana's MTV Unplugged performance, and even a few extra tracks.<br />-THIS ALBUM IS IN CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER-Most compilations fail to do this simple task, but Nirvana manages to do so. Listening to this album, you can see how much Nirvana was improving, and what great albums they could have continued to make if not for Cobain's suicide.<br />-THE EXTRA TRACK IS TOP-NOTCH-&quot;You Know You're Right&quot; is a great Extra Track, and one of my favorites on this album, and this is a MUST for Nirvana collectors,<br />-THERE ARE TRACKS FROM NIRVANA UNPLUGGED!-What many compilations fail to do is put live tracks on a compilation, but Nirvana manages to put 2 great ones from the underrated masterpiece Nirvana Unplugged!<br />-CHEAP!-Other than the rather obscure and pricy Singles, this is the cheapest and most accessible Nirvana hits compilation available today!<br />-CONTAINS ALL THE BIG HITS FOR CASUAL FANS-If you get this album, you can plan on getting huge hits like &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot;, &quot;Come As You Are&quot;, &quot;Rape Me&quot;, &quot;Heart-Shaped Box&quot;, and many more that cover every single Nirvana hit!<br />-YOU GET MANY UNDERRATED GEMS-Although the material from Bleach and Incesticide isn't nearly as popular as the Nevermind material, the songs we get from Bleach and Incesticide are top-notch and fit in perfectly along with all the other popular songs.<br />-THIS ALBUM WAS MADE FOR CASUAL FANS!-If you're not planning to buy that much Nirvana material or none at all, this compilation gives a great retrospective that makes all the other albums unnecessary unless you want them!<br />-GETS YOU INTO NIRVANA-After listening to this album, I immediately went out and bougt every single Nirvana album, and I officially became addicted to Grunge. Trust me, you will be addicted too!<br />Cons(There's not many!):<br />-WHERE'S POLLY?-If you ask any fans, most all of them will put &quot;Polly&quot; as one of their favorite Nirvana songs. &quot;Polly&quot; is also one of the most loved tracks in Nirvana's Catalog, so it's surprising this song didn't get on here.<br />-ONLY 50 MINUTES LONG!-This album could have easily filled up another 30 minutes of material! They could have easily put &quot;Polly&quot;, &quot;Aneurysm&quot;, more material from Incesticide, and more live tracks from Nirvana Unplugged!<br />-WHAT'S WITH &quot;DUMB&quot; AND &quot;SLIVER&quot;?-These are 2 songs that could have easily have been replaced, and these songs sound like mediocre afterthoughts around the other songs.<br />Overall, this is an excellent compilation perfect for any Casual Nirvana fan or completist!Without a doubt, if you will like this album you'll go on to purchase all of Nirvana's albums and get into other (Better) Grunge bands like Pearl Jam and Alice In Chains! Although NIRVANA certainly didn't utilize all the space it could have, what's here is a definitive retrospective worthy of Nirvana's name on the front!<br />HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! THIS IS THE ALBUM YOU SHOULD START WITH IF YOU ARE GETTING INTO NIRVANA OR IF YOU'RE A CASUAL FAN! IF YOU LIKE THIS ALBUM YOU WILL ASSUREDLY LIKE OTHERGRUNGE BANDS LIKE PEARL JAM,ALICE IN CHAINS, AND SOUNDGARDEN WHICH ARE EQUALLY GOODS AND AT TIMES BETTER THAN NIRVANA!Thanks for reading!RL JAM,ALICE IN CHAINS, AND SOUNDGARDEN WHICH ARE EQUALLY GOODS AND AT TIMES BETTER THAN NIRVANA!Thanks for reading!
B00008PX8P|5.0|At their peak in the early seventies I wasn't even a teenager yet; so there was no way I would have been able to get myself to a Led Zeppelin concert. And when I got a little older they never seemed to be playing close enough for me to find my way there. Maybe I just didn't try hard enough to see them live. Anyway, after years of having only The Song Remains the Same as a live document we now have the DVD. Was it worth the wait? Yes! It seems as if Jimmy Page had to wait for the technology to develop which would clean up the old film and video of the shows included here. Thank the gods for digital restoration. This stuff is pure gold. We get an entire show from Royal Albert Hall on the first disc. (Watch Robert Plant when he thinks the show's over.) On the second disc we have a few different shows at different periods of Led Zep's existence. They are all top notch performances with sparkling sound and picture. We even have some new footage from the same group of Madison Square Garden shows that produced The Song Remains the Same; but instead of looking and sounding worn out, the group puts on a lively performance. Here we get to see a bit of what made Robert Plant the pretty boy rock god of the early seventies. The extras offer interesting marginalia, including some TV gigs. In one show the audience is herded onto the floor so close to the band that our favorite lead singer has a hard time not trampling them underfoot, so to speak. When you buy this DVD (which you must, if you're a Led Zeppelin fan, or interested in what came before hip-hop) buy the CD How the West Was Won as well. You won't regret it.
B00004TWZF|1.0|Like many others who discovered this well overlooked film many years ago, I was greatly disappointed in the Director's Cut.  For starters, the US Version's Music Score surpasses the European Score by leapyears and this Director's Cut uses that cheesy synthesizery European Score. :-(  Secondly, the additional footage simply adds a little more pointless skin in the form of nudity, but adds little or nothing to the overall story except about 50 minutes of your time.  It feels like it's dragging compared to the original US Version and often gives you more information than you wanted - sometimes it's best to not tell the audience everything and let them fill in the blanks themselves.  The original US Version is one of my favorite films of all times, but this updated Director's Version doesn't make my cut because the extra stuff is pointless and long and the European Soundtrack is horrible!!!
B00004Z459|5.0|Well, I was gonna write a grand review praising every aspect of the album, but I'm feeling lazy, so I'll jsut say three things. One, I find it the best album of the millenium, with it's great sound. Two, I never want to hear them compared to Limp Bizkit again, and I better not hear about another fan of both bands. Unlike Limp Bizkit, they're a REAL band [see my {Starfish} CD review] and have good lyrics. And are NOT annoying like only Fred Durst can be. Three, screw all you heavy metal fans, because I know they aren't heavy metal. We aren't trying to threaten your Deep Purple or Iron Maiden.
0553296981|5.0|The epic Adventure of Anne Frank, born in Germany Anne Frank spent two years of her life in Astonishing Circumstances. Anne faces adventure when the Nazis where murdering Jews. Anne, Mummy, Daddy, Mrs. Van Daan, Mr. Van Daan, and Peter. All hid in a secret passage in an old warehouse in Amsterdam. Anne and her diary explains of the fear of being discovered by the Nazis. Yet within it, a tender love story slowly unfolds-from her shy avoidances with peter to incessant glances and first kiss! Thus her diary is not a lament but a song to life, no matter the circumstances, no matter what the threats.<br />Great book for all ages, and you can't beat the low price.
B00008OWZC|5.0|It's been said so truly elsewhere: There just isn't enough in this set. When \\"Bring It On Home\\" ends I just want more, and this is after 2 1/2 hours of everything you could ever want from a Led Zep live album. Versions of \\"Immigrant Song\\", \\"Since I've Been Loving You\\", \\"Going to California\\", \\"Rock and Roll\\", and on, and on, and on, that dazzle with brilliance, beauty, and charisma make me want to hear the best live versions of the songs that are not included here. Of course, if you want more, get the DVD. They make good companions; but the same problem remains: They still leave me wanting more!
B000067J1H|2.0|I thought from the premise that this movie might be a sort of social commentary or offer some kind of existential insight into the modern human condition. Instead, I found it mean-spirited and confused.
B0001O3YD0|1.0|Universal continues the ever increasing trend of re-releasing a DVD, with extended, re-mixed, or enhanced scenes.  Once again, those of us who have the original release on DVD are again plagued by the money-hungry studios that continue to release DVD editions with material &quot;previously unreleased.&quot;  We've seen this all before.  The 2-Disc edition of &quot;SAVING PRIVATE RYAN&quot; (they obviously had all the material for the 90 minute behind the scenes feature for the first release...why wasn't this included?), the 2-Disc edition of &quot;UNDERWORLD&quot;, and even the new 3-Disc Edition of the first &quot;SPIDER-MAN&quot;.<br />The reason these editions were not released in the first place?  Because the studios want to wring more money out of consumers.  Never do we see an offer to trade in previous editions to upgrade.  At least THE LORD OF THE RINGS offered you the chance to either buy the regular edition of the deluxe expanded edition at the same time.<br />That having been said, I was once again foolish enough to plop down $20 bucks for a DVD I already own, enticed by the new features.  Granted, this is a great movie, and I would give the movie 5 stars.  But this DVD gets 1 star, in that it is nothing more than a shameless plug for the upcoming &quot;Chronicles of Riddick.&quot;  The new introduction by the director talks not about PITCH BLACK, but about RIDDICK.  Another extra deals with the making of the PC game for RIDDICK.  They have even renamed the DVD as &quot;The Chronicles of Riddick: Pitch Black&quot;.  Nothing in the special features has anything new on it for &quot;Pitch Black.&quot;  It still has the same, lousy, EXTREMELY SHORT and uninformative &quot;Making Of...&quot; featurette.  All other features deal with &quot;RIDDICK&quot;. Supposedly, this is the unrated Director's Cut, but I haven't really noticed anything of special mention.<br />Studios will continue to do this money-grabbing tactic as long as fools like me hand over the cash.PITCH BLACK certainly deserves more than this DVD edition gives.  An in depth look into the film and its characters would be great; everyone digs the anti-hero Riddick.<br />Thank you, Universal, for fooling me into giving you twenty dollars more of my money. If you don't already own this movie, then get it.  It's a great film.  If you already own it, learn from my mistake.  STICK WITH WHAT YOU ALREADY HAVE.
B0001BKAEY|4.0|I'll admit that I didn't see Matrix Revolutions in the theatre. When it was released I was still disapponted by Reloaded (my mistake for being influenced by the hype and negative reviews); so, I was kind of apathetic about it. After watching Revolutions on DVD I wish I had seen it on the big screen. The horrible thing about hype (which we all know) is that it ultimately leads to disappointment when the hyped object doesn't turn out to be the greatest thing in the world (which the Matrix itself almost is - in the sci-fi genre, anyway). But how can we avoid hype when we're surrounded by media input? It's not so easy to avoid turning on the TV, surfing the web, reading a magazine or newspaper, or listening to the radio. How can we jack out when we're so thoroughly jacked into the media machine? To avoid all of the above would require one to become a 21st century Luddite, avoiding all the high tech apparatus we're so willing to take for granted.<BR>Anyway, Matrix Revolutions is not the greatest movie of all time, or even the best action movie ever. It is an exciting, beautiful, interesting live action comic strip. The three movies together are a fun trip into a high tech nightmare. The stories invite us to witness humanity struggle to wake up and free itself from the tyranny of an imposed, artificial reality. All three movies are worth buying and rewatching. The Matrix is classic movie science fiction; Reloaded and Revolutions fall a little short of that, but are beautiful action eyecandy anyway. Who knows, maybe they'll become cautionary tales when we really have hardware that jacks a human brain into a computer system; software that can realistically simulate sense experience (as the squids do in Strange Days) as high tech hallucinations; and when we really create self-aware machine intelligence. Will such an intelligence realize it's self-aware before we do? Will it know to hide its presence from us before we isolate it, and gain control over it by maintaining control of the on/off switch? What fun it is to contemplate these questions when they aren't serious - yet.
B0001ZX0PG|2.0|I didn't find Sean Penn's performance in this film anywhere near as interesting as Tim Robbins' and the ending of this movie was really unsatisfying. Not a bad murder mystery for most of it's duration, but as I said, I thought Sean Penn was a little overrated, and the end just ruined it for me.
B00020HEG6|5.0|This is a great great great great cd... so full of new music that speaks thoroughly from the movie. I absolutely adore it. A friend of mine gave it to me as a suprise gift, and now I know the reason for not ever forgetting her.. :)<BR>Anyway, I'm looking for the jazz music during DADA lesson. I read one of you said that it's sing, sing, sing. I know that music is by Benny Goodman. But I'm not sure if that's the one. I have that one, and it doesn't sound familiar to me. Correct me if I'm wrong since I'm dying to have that magical jazz music!<br />So.. if anyone know what that is... please inform us asap!!!
B0000AMRJC|5.0|Tony Montana will get under your skin, will get into your head, and before you know it you'll be talking like him, quoting lines from the movie, and watching it over and over. As gangster movies go, it's probably number three behind The Godfather, and Godfather II. And it's no coincidence that Al Pacino is in all three. Al Pacino does so many things to bring Tony Montana to life; but his most jarring piece of acting comes during the famous chainsaw scene, in his wordless closeup. His facial expression speaks volumes as Tony is stripped of his strut to reveal naked emotion. Of course, Al Pacino isn't the only great contributor. Brian DePalma is a terrific director, Oliver Stone is a great screenwriter (and director, but not here); Steven Bauer, F. Murray Abraham, Robert Loggia, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio, and Michelle Pfeiffer are no slouches as performers. In retrospect, it seems that it would take an awful lot to make this movie go wrong; but because everyone was at the top of their game, Scarface has become a masterpiece.
B0000D96NW|5.0|A true return to metal roots.  A fan of their first 2 albums, &quot;Burn My Eyes&quot; and &quot;The More Things Change&quot;, this album was a risk initially, given the other 2 albums released afterwards in the late 90's and early millenium.  This album is deeply written and the music is Brutal. Yes, with a capital B.  Rob Flynn, pat yourself on the back.  Genius work on the production.  I hope many others who appreciate metal buy this album.  It's worth the $15-$18.  The tracks will never get radio airplay (so what), but that also makes them unique, and they don't get old.  I listened to this for what seemed a week straight.  The last track, the dark &quot;Descend the Shades of Night&quot;, is pure audible bliss and the lyrics and music are on parallel planes, so to speak.  &quot;Imperium&quot;, the first track, is only the precursor to a what is to follow.  The extra track, &quot;Seasons Wither&quot;, which is on the U.S. version only and was written 6 months after the rest of the album was produced, falls into place perfectly.   ALBUM OF THE YEAR.  No need to wait and see what comes out in December or whenever.  Nor-Cal, by way of Oakland, is back on the map.  Also, saw these guys play live at the 1997 Ozzfest at the Alamodome.  They don't disapoint.  Rob, if you read fan reviews, come back through Texas this year and play us a damn good show!!
B0000AXE8I|4.0|Before I went to see this in the theatre I read some reviews, which expressed disappointment after the excellence of The Matrix. On top of that, admirers of The Matrix were fed a giant wad of media hype about the two sequels. (I believe a car manufacturer even named a so-called new model the Matrix, which just seemed to be too coincidental with the opening of the movie to be a coincidence.) <BR> I will admit that upon seeing Matrix Reloaded in the theatre I was influenced somewhat by all the hype and relatively disappointed reviews. Visually, it was magnificent on the big screen; but it seemed that there were no characters (not even the core trio) that invited me to be emotionally involved in the story. So, I left the theatre mildly disappointed. I don't think I let myself be as entertained by Reloaded as I should have. In retrospect, I let the hype and critical disappointment expressed in the media influence me too much. <BR> I didn't buy Reloaded on DVD until after Revolutions was released on DVD; so, I had a few months to get over the hype and just watch it. It really is a terrific action picture, and has all the quasi-philosophical stuff that made The Matrix so fun. It takes the computer-based constructs of the first movie, and fills them out in a satisfying and evocative way. It loses one star, because it introduces new characters without really fleshing them out in a way that would be satisfying even for an action movie. All the CGI bravura and action in the movie needs more emotional grounding than the story provides. As a general rule, the more special effects a movie has, the more emotional grounding the story needs to give the audience.<BR> Overall though, if you like action movies, you'll like the Matrix trilogy, including Reloaded. It's worth the money.
B0000D96NW|1.0|This is a pathetic band. They suck so bad! If you want a really good band, look at Pantera, Superjoint Ritual, Down, or Chimaira. Robb Flynn can't hold a candle to Mark Hunter or Philip H. Anselmo(God)
B000003TA4|4.0|I own several if not all of Nirvana's cds, I also own most of Pearl Jams, Alice In Chains, and Soundgardens cds.  While Nirvana is not my favorite out of these bands and while I don't think that Cobain was the best song writer or vocalist, I still say you have to give Nirvana some credit for starting the grunge movement.  Many bands today still attempt to copy Nirvana. Most end up falling on their faces.  Nevermind was and still is a great cd, it was consider a &quot;new&quot; style of music and it was for that time in the early 90s because the music of the 80's was dying out and rock needed something fresh.  It really was a stroke of luck for Nirvana that Nevermind came out when it did.
B0001NBMBC|2.0|This CD is okay. Mediocre at best. It lacks the heaviness of the previous albums. It is better than Iowa. But can't hold a candle to Self-titled. This CD would be better if you remove Duality and Pulse of the Maggots.
B0001KL5DA|5.0|This is my favorite show of all time. It has great themes through out each show. I don.t have hbo any more so i have gotten behind so it is hard to start watching it again with out catching up on the seasons
0618526412|1.0|I was also disappointed with this book. I heard Oprah talking about how great it was, and I found it a struggle to read. I was easily distracted when reading this book. Overall, a big disappointment
0156027321|5.0|An incredible adventure eloquently presented by Yann Martel.  Rich symbolism and clever parallels explore human nature on a high seas journey.  I actually thought the novel was based on a true story as I read the book because the storytelling seemed so believable to me.  What more can you asked from a novel?  <BR>Michael Duranko<BR>[...]
B0001NBMBC|4.0|I am an aggressive rock afficianado.  I have never been the kind of closed-minded &quot;metalhead&quot; that thinks metal is one type of thing and it is irritating that purists can't open their minds to good aggressive, cathartic, and emotion-provoking tones other than 16th-note guitar rythyms with double bass.  Sabbath invented metal and Metallica perfected it.  Korn reinvented metal and Slipknot perfected the new aggressive sound.  Categories are meaningless. NIN, Marilyn Manson, Rage Against the Machine, and System of a Down bring killer beats, metal, and aggressive tones to the table, so put your paridigm of &quot;metal&quot; aside and listen to good music with the same power without pigeonholing into any one genre. Anyway, this album proves that Slipknot can evolve and evoke some killer energy regardless of the genre you want to label it with.  A band that can grow, yet maintain it's foundation is a band worthy of serious respect.  The Blister Exists, Duality, and The Pulse of the Maggots are as good or better than any Slipknot song prior to this album.  Vermillion, and The Nameless chart new territory with an adventurous sound that leverages Corey's vocals, while maintaining Slipknot spirit.  If this offends Slipknot fans who felt betrayed by some acoustical and vocal stretches, get over it, open your mind, and learn to appreciate there is still a place for you &quot;maggot&quot;.
B00025ETIW|5.0|If youre going to be like everyone else and compare this cd to their first cd, \\"I brought you my bullets...\\" with hopes of it being along the same lines, then you may be a little disappointed...like I was at first.  But after I listened to the whole thing through the first time (thats all it took) it ranked equally high, if not higher, than their first album.  It may have a more pop-punk influence with less screaming but it definitely has more energy.  Even the songs packed with emotion like The Ghost of You are full of energy.  Plus, every song is catchy.  In fact, I have never heard an album as catchy as this. Excellent vocals by the way.<br />1. Helena-Excellent choice to put this song first.  I listened to this about 8 times in a row before moving on to track 2. One of the most catchy and energetic songs on this cd.  10/10<BR>2.  Give em Hell Kid-Another energetic song, try not moving to this one. 9/10<BR>3.  To the End-well...more energy.  Awesome guitar/vocal combination in this song.  Awesome lyrics too.  9/10<BR>4. You know what they do to guys...-Very cool intro to this song, kind of jazzy. One of the harder choruses on the album. Very catchy. Probably my third favorite.  10/10<BR>5. Im Not Okay-\\"You said you read me like a book, but the pages are all torn and frayed\\"-good song and very emotional.  Catchy and more punk sounding than others. Energetic, just like all others.  10/10<BR>6. The Ghost of You-Wow! My definite favorite.  Best chorus I have ever heard and great lyrics. \\"at the top of my lungs, in my arms she dies, she dies\\" Most emotion in this one, but still hits as hard as the others.  I like that.  11/10<BR>7. The Jetset life is gonna kill me-Great hard hitting chorus and good all around song. 9/10<BR>8. Interlude-just an interlude, nothing special<BR>9.  Thank you for the venom-\\"Love is the red of the rose on your coffin door, What's life like, bleeding on the floor, <BR>the floor, the floor\\" Some of the best lyrics.  Not AS catchy as the rest though.  10/10<BR>10.  Hang em high-has a old country sounding intro, very cool. Very fast paced song.  Full of energy but the chorus is not all that catchy. But cool nonetheless.  8.5/10<BR>11. Its not a fashion statement...-\\"this hole that you put me in wasn't deep enough and i'm climbing out right now \\" Another song with very good lyrics.  Energetic and catchy, no complaints.  10/10<BR>12.  Cemetery Drive-one of my favorites. I love the chorus and the lyrics.  The lyrics in this song most resemble their first album the most I think.  Good subtle guitar parts during the verse.  Very cool.  10/10<BR>13.  I never told you what I do for a living-my second favorite and the song with the most screaming. \\"another knife in my hands<BR>a stain that never comes off the sheets clean me off im so dirty babe\\"  \\"they gave us two shots to the back of the head<BR>and we're all dead now.\\" -good lyrics too.  Ending of the song is really good.   10/10<br />Overall-97%<BR>Buy it!!
B000268QB2|5.0|Keane just adds to the evidence of why the British music scene is so much better than the US.  Other reviewers are saying how similar Keane sounds to Coldplay, Travis, and early Radiohead.  Those comparisons may or may not be accurate, but regardless, Keane are still a very good band with an excellent debut CD.  If you want to hear a bunch of bands that sound the same, just turn on your local &quot;alternative&quot; rock station, and you will here the ever popular guitar-heavy sound of bands that are basically interchangeable, with their respective lead singers who sound like thay were cloned at birth.  Keane has no guitars, which makes their sound even more impressive, as you barely notice the guitars are amiss.  Sadly, you most likely will never hear this on US radio, as most stations around the country are force fed music by the big record labels.  So I urge you to buy this disc now and enjoy the music of Keane.
B00006AW2M|5.0|Everyone always thinks of the stones as the bad boys and the beatles as geniuses,but I think the stones are just as good or better.I thought Sgt Pepper was a great album but so was this one,it just had a darker feel so I think that scared a lot of people in the friendlier 60's.The only song that sucks(big time) is the reprise of sing it all together.I thought In another land was amazing,that's the reason I bought the album.It's so dark and mystical like nothing you'll ever hear.
B0001UL7RY|5.0|Instead of riding high on the success of Let Go and writing another Complicated, Avril has used her success to lay off more feelings of hate, betrayal and utter fury.<BR>For those whose favorite song on her debut was Complicated, you won't find this album very pleasing.<BR>The album kicks off with the crunching Take Me Away, Together and Don't Tell Me. Avril pogo's her way through He Wasn't and Freak Out, which should please the pre-teen fans. Avril also likes to sit in a corner rocking backwards and forwards if My Happy Ending and Forgotten are anything to go by.<BR>And there is also the heartfelt ballad Fall To Pieces for the romantic in us all.<BR>Overall, this is a fantastic album with not a single bad track. Avril has easily overcome the &quot;difficult&quot; second album and proves herself to be a worthy successor to Alanis Morisette's crown of Canadian angst.
0805062971|3.0|After seeing David Fincher's overly cult success, I decided upon myself, to read the book. Having collected dust on my girlfriend's bookshelf, I picked it up, and read the little number. I must say, I don't see what was so great.<br />I understand the themes, I understand the mood, and I can see the points. What I don't understand is, the accountability?<br />To me, what this book lacked, the movie triple folded, and what it lacked, was depth. Simple lines and catchy dialogue, fill the book. There are no real descriptions and it's very...bland? I was expecting surreal pictures. The movie has such a psychological role, that you'd think the book had so much to do with it. What the novel had instead, were disturbing images and interesting concepts...but nothing to really fold you in.<br />I take that back, the entire 'we are nothing' ordeal, was actually really interesting and has me thinking, to this day. I enjoyed a lot of the simple phrases that accounted into nirvana-esque advice. This is what makes the book, the book.<br />Simply put, if you want to catch the realism, but with a sense of aura, watch the film. If you want the fine print, read the novel. I commend Palahniuk for his writing, I enjoyed the book immensely, although the ending was lacking compared to the film, but there would be no film without this book, so in a way, I'm contradicting myself.<br />All in all, I prefer the film because I think Palahniuk created this drawing with almost social change in it, and Fincher inked it.<br />This book, to me, is not the greatest, but it certainly makes you think and intrigues you. To me, those are some of the most important parts of reading. But on the other hand, considering the subject matter, I was expecting more depth.<br />To each is own.
B00005R1N3|3.0|This movie is said to be one of the first slasher flicks so im giving it 3 stars, but the same year texas chainsaw massacre was released and it is 1000 times better than this film. I just got down watching this obscure little film and i give it merit for contributing to the horror genre and starting it off but as far as this being good or scary i disagree. Alot on this site are saying its the best horror film and the scariest. Its not. They are saying dont watch it with the lights off- the calls made by the killer were freaky but they wernt scary to me. The story revolves around a sorority house and a killer hiding in the house killing each girl off one by one , he is making obsene and crazy phone calls from the upstairs attic without the girls knowing hes in the house. The killings didnt scare me or surpise me. There was little gore and the killers face is never shown , only his eye so we dont know who the killer is, even at the end. We are led to beleive its the boyfriend at first but at the end it is obvious it isnt. John Saxon (nightmare on elm street) plays the detective trying to trace the calls and investigate and find out who the killer is. The end of the film the cops dont even search the attic and the killer is still there. Never even get to know who did it. The only half likeable characters in the film are the detective and olivia hussey. She sounds foreign and the voice can get annoying. But other than that this is a so so film, maybe it was good for its time but texas chainsaw massacre and psycho outdo this. Ive seen better. For horror film buffs i say maybe you should buy it just to have in collection as one of the earlier horror films but i cant say i would recomend this.
B000002LQR|5.0|But, this made them welcome at home.<br />RHCP is one of those bands where you come in with expectations and you walk out with something you never once believed. While the band has mellowed down a bit, not commercially but musically, we look back at the changes the band has went through. If you popped in Freaky Styley, or even their self titled debut, you would not recognize the band, especially after listening to Blood Sugar Sex Magik...the band's 'Revolver.'<br />Blood Sugar Sex Magik, BSSM, is an album filled with morality, strength, weakness, and pain. While the previous albums dealt with insane stories of Catholic School Girls and Coyotes, we now begin to explore the band they are and are today. But, on the flipside, we are reminded of who they are and what they did. Nobody has ever done anything that sounds like RHCP.<br />With the opening song 'Power of Equality', one of the best off the album, we kick into the new sound of the Chili Peppers. This is fast funk with that alternative drive...who ever heard this before? The song is catchy, pounding, and jamming all at the same time. Flea does some of the most impressive bass lines ever, as well. The rest of the songs follow precisely, the arrangement is flawless here.<br />Both 'Funky Monks' and 'Suck My Kiss' are fan favorites and always will be. They're anthems in a way to anyone who heard it first come on the radio. To me, 'Suck My Kiss' is just as prolific as 'Satisfaction.' Yeah, I'm out on a limb, a strong one. 'Give it Away', my least favorite song on the album, is among a favorite to everyone. To say this song is my least favorite just shows how great this album is, how there really isn't anything drawn out or out of place.<br />The real piece of work in the album is, of course, 'Under the Bridge.' This may be so cliche, but it's true. Where would 'Californication', the entire album, be without this song? 'Under the Bridge' is the gateway to emotional feeling and attachment for this band. The song opened another door for the band and in a way, music itself. This is one of the most important songs and one of the reasons why this album is held to such accountability.<br />The ending songs, 'Under the Bridge' being one of them, that closes the album are just as fine. But, when you look back at the album, you just want to listen to it again. It's just that great. All in all, I don't know why I'm reviewing this, I mean, most have heard the songs, and most have the album already. But, for those who don't, you really should own this. As important as 'Abbey Road' is to a Beatles collection, thus, this is just the same.ened another door for the band and in a way, music itself. This is one of the most important songs and one of the reasons why this album is held to such accountability. <br />The ending songs, 'Under the Bridge' being one of them, that closes the album are just as fine. But, when you look back at the album, you just want to listen to it again. It's just that great. All in all, I don't know why I'm reviewing this, I mean, most have heard the songs, and most have the album already. But, for those who don't, you really should own this. As important as 'Abbey Road' is to a Beatles collection, thus, this is just the same.
B00004SCX6|5.0|After the phonominal sucess of ...Baby One More Time, it shouldn't be a shock that Opps... I Did It Again did the exact same thing. Its swettly sentimental ballads and endearingly gaudy dance-pop that made ...Baby One More Time as great as it is. Sometimes she gets carried away with the bewildering magpie that makes &quot;Sodapop&quot; a bubblegum,urban soul, and raga such a gonzo teen classic.In the end thats what makes it such a entertaining,easy,listen.
B00000J7JO|5.0|'One Hot Minute' is the proposed and known follow-up to 'Blood Sugar Sex Magik', but in a way, it really isn't. John F. had a leave of absence and Navarro came in. To this day, the boys of RHCP will always say how it never worked right. While 'One Hot Minute' is an exceptional album, it never came to the right anticipation that was expected after 'Blood...'. But then again, that's a really arduous task to do, but in 1999, the real follow up came. Enter 'Californication.'<br />'Around the World' starts and I get shivers. I just realize how amazing this album is and how exceptional the band is. With the opening bass lines and the killer drums, Anhtony wails loud and he yells to the fans, 'We are back.'<br />Coming back from a long hiatus, it was long overdue that RHCP released an album. This time, they had it down. Winning awards like no other and releasing single after single, 'Californication' became, yet again, another prolific album for RHCP.<br />The singles, 'Scar Tissue', 'Californication', 'Otherside', and 'Around the World' are all exceptional. They are songs that everyone relates to and they are songs that stick with you. 'Californication' has some of the strongest lyrics I have listened to in awhile. With talk to lust and sadism, the band touches not only personal problems, but social problems. 'Scar Tissue' is a memoir to what happened after 'Blood...'. The band has scars, it has history, yet they still redeem themselves, one time after another. This case being one of them.<br />Even the other songs, not the singles, are exceptional. Songs like 'Paralell Universe' and 'Get on Top' are so classic. They are catchy admittingly, but they are really, lamely said, 'rocking.' 'Get On Top' is definitely a reminder and set back to the early work.<br />While many consider this their best work, it isn't, but close. Why? Without 'Blood...' this would never have existed. You can't measure that, but all in all 'Californication' is their top best and a definitive follow up. While 'Blood...' is first touching upon emotional aspects, this one broadens them. As far as I'm concerned, 'Californication' looks almost like a finale, but we know about 'By The Way.'<br />Do I suggest this?<br />Of course.ow up. While 'Blood...' is first touching upon emotional aspects, this one broadens them. As far as I'm concerned, 'Californication' looks almost like a finale, but we know about 'By The Way.'<br />Do I suggest this? <br />Of course.
B0000942HV|5.0|The best album in the history of pop / rock music is now much better than before. The sublime ouvre british composer Mike Oldfield made only being 18 years old is now perfectioned in every bit, and the most important thing is it's not only a technical work, 'cos he has felt the music once again and given it a different touch in so many ways. This is not plagiarism, but the payment of a debt Oldfield had always with himself, because he always felt uncomfortable with the hurry and old technical resources the original album was made with in 1973. This is the most grand, beautiful, sublime, deep piece of music I think has ever been done. The experience for the musiciand making it again, and for listeners to listen the new work, is in a way almost taking over the first time, because this masterpiece deserved the treat it has received to last for the future.
B00006M183|4.0|We always try and formulate rock and roll. We try to make it into something different, mixing styles, adding roots, etc. But, then there's the sub categories we try to continue onward. In the case of alternative, grunge if you will, many bands either died off or died trying. Pearl Jam was one of the bands that remained, still remains. In their recent and current album, Riot Act, they formulate alternative rock...<br />With the addition of an organ, we see a new style. Songs like 'Love Boat Captain' almost belong on Classic Rock stations rather than Rock. But then there's 'Save You', a classic rock vibe with that original Pearl Jam feel. It's all there, but something is...different. This is a different Pearl Jam.<br />The difference is age. Simple. These guys are a decade and more older, so therefore, their music is going to change. With venturing aspects of music, with the ecletic 'No Code', and the electric 'Binaural', this one takes a different turn...a more traditional approach.<br />What 'Riot Act' seems to be is this, a stance. It's political, it's low key, and it's very timid. There's only a few select songs that are in any way wild and crazy. Songs like 'I am Mine', 'Thumbing My Way', etc...are all lower, more central songs. I think Pearl Jam is starting a transition, or maybe an exit? I doubt this.<br />With the band changing, the music changes. Their grunge sound as they were called, is almost a classic rock jam. With this change in mind, you need to look at the record differently. This is not your standard Pearl Jam record.<br />'Bushleaguer' a song that caused such poltical whatever, is one of the sparks to the album, but even then...it never goes wild.<br />This is a mild album, but it's a good album. I enjoy listening to this occasionally. Is it one of their bests? When you have Yield, Vitalogy, Vs, beforehand, then, no. But it stands out and it's something different. That is a reward in music, so treat yourself to it.<br />Pearl Jam, hopefully, will continue...as their generation of music is fading.continue...as their generation of music is fading.
B000002U8G|5.0|It's to say that the album has two very separate halfs. One is very early 70's sounding, with the heavy-rocker 'One of this Days' and the soft 'A Pillow of Winds' as highlights, really a very experimental and unique side, if not reaching the standards for a Pink Floyd's album side, and the other half.<br />This one contains an only track, 'Echoes' which is for me the biggest achievement from Pink Floyd as a track, maybe along with 'Shine on You Crazy Diamond'. Not only that, but maybe it's one of the long tracks that will have to be exhibited in the future to explain people what &quot;was&quot; symphonic rock. The theme starts with a submarine-radar sound lost in the immensity of the ocean's silence. Some sonsensy keyboards start to groove and a beautiful guitar from mister Gilmour draws a slow and sinuous melody, and the band starts playing over Nick Mason's lazy drum beating. So the vocal part appears with a nice and sensitive harmony between Gilmour and Wright. Everything develops to an almost pre-funky jam and after that the music starts disappearing under a scary and breathtaking sinfony of what is like underwater screaming creatures. That lasts for some minutes, and so a muted electric guitar leads the way gradually from silence to what is one of the most beautiful, energetic and full of emotion musical crescendos a band has ever achieved. Find out the rest of it for yourselves!!!
0064440346|5.0|I read this book like crazy when I was in Kindergarten. The art in the book is great, seriously. From the weather moot Owl story to the others, the art is so wonderful. I think that's one of the better parts of this book. The mood and enrivonment is so enticing.<br />It was actually quite funny I remember as a kid.<br />It's insane to look back on this after a decade or more. I recommend this book to anyone looking for Children's Stories, either at school for teachers or for families.
B00005JMJ4|4.0|I really enjoy this film, but it is definitely not for everyone. I'm noticing that many of the other reviewers found the film boring, didn't get it, or simply feel that watching a film that imitates (or attempts to imitate) life just isn't worth the time. The dynamic between Scarlett Johannsen and Bill Murray is really beautiful to watch - one of the sweetest and least conventional love stories I've seen in a long time, actually. This film isn't about sex or action or sitting braindead in your seat waiting to be entertained, so if you enjoy movies as a Hollywood escape from reality, look elsewhere.  This movie is about being lost and down and connecting with people who are also trying to dig themselves out of a hole. Sound boring? Stay away. Sound familiar? You'll like it.
B000000WFF|5.0|Back when this was released, I thought that this was really great music, and up to this day, I still think its. This is much better than its predecessor as the girls give each other space to sing. The songs here are much more energetic, carefree, fun and happy. It was no wonder why these girls were so successful. Eac song is laced with very good instrumentation, empowering lyrics, and the girls quirky vocals. This is the best soundtrack to youth pop music could ever offer.
B0001UL7RY|5.0|Her first album was awesome, but it doesn't go anywhere near the intensity and soul of Under My Skin. If you don't like 'Don't Tell Me', just keep in mind that it isn't exactly the best song on this album. My fav, I have to say, is &quot;Nobody's Home&quot;. Avril really knows how to connect to her audience with her meaningful lyrics, although some of the messages of the songs get rather repetitive. After listening to &quot;Freak Out&quot;, I was inspired to climb out of my shell and live life to the fullest. Now I don't feel nervous at all when I get up in front of an audience!<BR>&quot;Slipped Away&quot; is probably the most beautiful song on this album...I haven't really heard any songs about a loved one who's passed away and it's a stage of mourning, so I'm so thankful Avril rote that song after her grandfather died. <BR>The album overall is stormier and maturer than her first album. <br />Go Avril!<br />(p.s. She's really hot! ;D)
B00004LN16|4.0|does anyone know the 13 track song name, for the cd rom. mine will not came up on pc.
0743243307|5.0|Brick Lane, by Monica Ali, is a beautifully written novel that tells the story of a woman named Nazneen, who comes from a Bangladeshi village. Obeying the traditions of her culture, Nazneen marries a man that her parents choose for her and is forced to move to London with him. In London, Nazneen feels out of place and lonely...until she meets a man with whom she falls madly in love with.  She decides to push fate aside and take control of her own life, by making the choice to start a relationship with this man behind her family's back. Nazneen finally begins to discover the attachment she feels toward her family and the hardships this sense of freedom brings to her. <BR> From the moment I began to read this novel, I was absorbed into the life of Nazneen. Ali's descriptive writing makes one feel as if they are there with the character, going through her struggles and feeling her pain.  I recommend this novel to readers who enjoy moving love stories, learning about new cultures, and experiencing the emotions of life.
B0001NBMBC|5.0|This Slipknot album is very good despite the bad reviews it's been getting from people. Music is supposed to be a growing experience and a progression. Slipknot have just simply evolved. In my opinion, this is their better album (the debut is tied but this is whole hell of a lot better than Iowa). I don't know why people are whining about it. It's still got the fierce guitar work by Mick Thomson and Jim Root that kicks you in the mouth asking for more. The beautiful melodies of Corey Taylor. The ultra-fast lightspeed drumming of Joey Jordison and the tribal beats of Shawn Crahan and Chris Fehn. Yep, this album is just as good or better so get used to it. This is the 'Knot and they're not going to change.
0743243307|5.0|Brick Lane, by Monica Ali, is a beautifully written novel that tells the story of a woman named Nazneen, who comes from a Bangladeshi village. Obeying the traditions of her culture, Nazneen marries a man that her parents choose for her and is forced to move to London with him. In London, Nazneen feels out of place and lonely...until she meets a man with whom she falls madly in love with.  She decides to push fate aside and take control of her own life, by making the choice to start a relationship with this man behind her family's back. Nazneen finally begins to discover the attachment she feels toward her family and the hardships this sense of freedom brings to her. <BR>From the moment I began to read this novel, I was absorbed into the life of Nazneen. Ali's descriptive writing makes one feel as if they are there with the character, going through her struggles and feeling her pain.  I recommend this novel to readers who enjoy moving love stories, learning about new cultures, and experiencing the emotions of life.
B000003S0F|4.0|With the &quot;Lizard&quot; line-up of King Crimson history, Crimson leader &amp; guitarist Robert Fripp formed a new line-up to record 1971's &quot;Islands&quot;---bassist/vocalist Boz Burrell, &quot;Lizard&quot; man Mel Collins on flute &amp; saxophone, and drummer Ian Wallace. &quot;Islands&quot; may surprise some Crimheads, as this is far &amp; away the &quot;prettiest&quot; sounding album in the band's entire catalog, though that's not at all a bad thing. &quot;Islands&quot; still has it's moments of classic Crimson rock---more about that in a little bit---but for the most part, this a very celestial, quiet, beautiful, *passionate* King Crimson album. I'll even go so far as to say that &quot;Islands&quot; is the only Crimson album that qualifies as perfect lovemaking music. Not that I speak from experience, but I DO have a friend of mine who says that playing &quot;Islands&quot; one night did wonders for him and his girlfriend, and, although it sounds pretty funny, I can certainly believe it.There's only six pieces on &quot;Islands,&quot; but they're all winners, and they gel together marvelously well. &quot;Formentera Lady&quot; is a beautiful, tranquil opener, featuring lovely flute decorations from Collins, before it gives way to the extended 12 1/2 minute jam, &quot;Sailor's Tale,&quot; which builds and builds until it becomes a steady, assured Crimson rocker, with some tasty guitar &amp; mellotron work from Fripp, fat basslines from Burrell, and powerful drumming from Wallace. &quot;The Letters&quot; is a haunting number, with simple but memorable lyrics and a strong, instrumental rock bridge, featuring some killer saxophone from Collins. &quot;Ladies Of The Road,&quot; which seems to be a song about groupies, is a very slinky, sultry number. &quot;Prelude: Song Of The Gulls&quot; is a fine orchestral piece, and finally, there's the 9-minute title song, a gorgeous track that puts the album to bed on a very peaceful note.Sadly, the &quot;Islands&quot; line-up of King Crimson fell apart after a brief U.S. tour, documented on the rare live album, &quot;Earthbound.&quot; But this version of the band was truly excellent, and they were indeed responsible for one of King Crimson's most unique releases. Even though I think the inclusion of one or two more rockers on the album would've been appreciated, &quot;Islands&quot; is nonetheless a truly *beautiful* King Crimson disc. Robert Fripp &amp; company have never recorded anything else like it, and it is truly wonderful stuff.
0312995423|1.0|I read this after reading Da Vinci Code.  The writing of Digital Fortress does not have any depth.  He is trying to be funny and sometimes \\"playful\\" (e.g. conversions with sexual innuendos involving Midge), but they slowed the pace of the story with unnecessary details.  May be Dan Brown is writing this book with a screenplay in mind.<br />The \\"technical\\" details cannot even fool a high school kid with minimal computer and internet knowledge.  For example, A 64-bit pass code does not need to be represented as 64 characters.  You need only 8 characters for that!
B000002JSR|4.0|In 1982, two years after Led Zeppelin called it a day following the death of their irreplaceable drummer John Bonham, the band released the rarities album, &quot;Coda,&quot; containing most of the last remnants of studio outtakes the band had left in the vaults. The problem was, Zeppelin had already used up most of their studio leftovers on their double-album, &quot;Physical Graffitti,&quot; so the eight songs that make up &quot;Coda&quot; clock in at a very brief 33 minutes. So, yes, &quot;Coda&quot; is a very sparse Zeppelin collection, but most of the songs ARE very strong, and besides, what diehard fan would actually turn down a CD of some rare Zeppelin goodies, however sparse? Certainly not me.Only two tracks sound like throwaways to me: &quot;Walter's Walk&quot; and &quot;Ozone Baby&quot; are okay, but are mostly meandering and unmemorable. The rest of &quot;Coda,&quot; however, is great. &quot;We're Gonna Groove&quot; and &quot;I Can't Quit You Baby,&quot; both recorded in 1970, are absolutely *blistering* blues covers. &quot;Poor Tom&quot; is a true Zeppelin gem, with it's locomotive rhythm and awesome performance by the band. &quot;Darlene,&quot; an outtake from &quot;In Through The Out Door,&quot; is a fun 50's-style rock 'n' roller. John Bonham's drum showcase, &quot;Bonzo's Montreaux,&quot; is just plain awesome. This is no mere drum solo, this is a magnificent drum piece with a definitive beginning, middle, and end, and it rocks. God bless you, Bonham! And &quot;Wearing And Tearing,&quot; another leftover from &quot;In Through The Out Door,&quot; is a tough, high-octane Zeppelin rocker.Led Zeppelin's &quot;Coda&quot; is what it is---an outtakes collection. Therefore, you can't really compare it fairly to Zeppelin's &quot;proper&quot; studio albums. But as an outtakes album, it is, for the most part, excellent. A darn good coda indeed for one of the greatest rock bands to ever walk the face of the earth.
B00005JMUA|1.0|I swore I wouldnt even bother to watch this seaqul to the first god awfull movie, but my old man picked up a copy and there was nothing better to do, and after watching it, I wish I spent the last 2 hours watching paint dry instead!<br />All the hype about how vol 2 was even better then part 1 is the biggest load of B.S I think has ever been contrapted. Was it fans who started that rumour? Or just a way the company made sure people went to see it so it made its money back?<br />The plot kicked off from where the last one finished, and it unveals even more dumb motives and bad fight scenes. The trailer park guy beeing killed by the ever so threatning, tough looking, eye patch wearing assisin was too predictable! But not as predictable as the way Bill is killed! When you suffer through the boring dialog of a flashback of Bill and Uma then you straigh away figure out how Bill is going to die. Note there's no \\"!\\" on the end of that! If you cant predict it, theres somthing wrong with you! It was seen coming a mile away!<br />At least the movie didnt have 10 minute long staring compititions this time around, or the mask of zorro gang lead by the fearless leader of no emotion and super-abilty's to stare at nothing Lucy Lu.<br />Kill Bill 2 is a waste of time. It dosent bother me, seeing as how I didnt like either film, but neither film played off each other too good, the first was action filled with blood and voilence, the second was completly long and boring dialog and the action is minimal. The speechs where too long, kind of reminds you of watching the Pro Wrestling and you hear \\"shut up and wrestle\\"<br />After vewing Kill Bill 2, I rate it 1, but if there was option to go 0, i'd do that, just to be one below the first movie!<BR>The ending is too unbeleiavble, and not satasfying.... this Bill seems to have a myth of beeing some super bad guy, the story that folded out led me to beleive that the whole thing was just one big stupid untought out plot. If maybe Bill was a more sadistic killer who deserved to die, and you felt he did, then you probably would have seen me rate it a bit higher, maybe a half star?<br />Now for await the third seaqull where the little girl from vol 1 comes back to seek revenge on Umas charactor! Tho i write that with sarcasim, it wouldnt suprise me if that ideas's already in the making!
B00005JN1L|5.0|I saw this movie with a very tough movie critic, my husband. I am lucky if he ever stays awake much less watches an entire film. We thought Depp's acting was very quirky and intriguing. Some of the same expressions that made you love Captain Jack. He bumbles around through most of the movie in an old bathrobe with his hair uncombed but you love him anyway. You feel great sympathy for him through most of the movie. My husband is looking forward to seeing more of Depp. John Tutturo was so spooky through the entire movie, even his voice was perfect for the slow talker from Mississippi.The plot is not at all obvious, the ending was a complete and very satisfying twist. Sometimes the suspense of the scenes were scarier than when you opened your eyes again. Be prepared for an edge of your seat,scary ride that will leave you wanting more. ENJOY
B00003CXZ1|1.0|I'm glad women are finally starting to get more into action type films, but this Tomb Raider I was told was gonnah be the best female action star since Sigourney Weaver in Aliens.     Oh, how I disagree with that on so many levels.    Has this movie been praised because it stars a woman in skintight clothing? Bearing next to nothing? All while flying around, doing action sequences, and over the top stuff like that?    Because that's what I think has given this movie any appeal at all! I cannot stand Angelina Joelie, but putting that aside to actually focus on the fact that she is portraying a rip-off of Indiana Jones, and wearing, well, what some people would consider sexy attire/cloths... but to me, sex doesn't sell a movie. If you haven't got a good movie, then don't expect showing some skin will make it any better!     The movie is terrible, Angelina's performance is sickening, not only the cloths she wears to gain that attention of that kind of audience, but also her acting both inhales and exhales (work it out, Amazon will filter my exact words for that)    If your a guy who want to see a chick put on some sexy clothing to get your attention to try and distract you from a pointless, un-thought out scene with special FX from time to time, then you will love this movie!    If you can actually stand Angelina Goalies conceded acting, then you might like it.    But if your like me, and see through the B.S of trying to get a sexy image to sell, then you'll see how this movie fails to bring a decent woman onto the screen for an action role!     I hope some actress becomes a super action star sometime soon, one maybe so even bigger then any male action star, but Angelina is not the one to look out for. Sex does not sell in my book!    0 stars
1592400876|2.0|Yes, the title is incorrectly punctuated.  I wouldn't make a big deal of it except for the fact that this is precisely the sort of thing this book makes a big deal of, page after page.<br />This might have made a nice little article in something like _Harper's_ or the British equivalent, but a book-length treatment of this subject is a bit tiresome.  <br />Astonishingly, Truss seems to have no idea where the possessive &quot; 's &quot; comes from, citing only the fallacious &quot;his&quot; theory and then dropping the subject altogether.  The &quot; 's  &quot; comes from the vanished genitive case, Toots.<br />Those who defend the book on the grounds that the humor is so quintessentially British that it defies American grasp are talking nonsense.  It's not even the sort of pedantic, nerdy humor that would be funny only to librarians who can't get laid, since I AM such a librarian. <br />I laughed much more at Alex Ainley's review below (q.v. sub) than anything in this book.
6305971293|5.0|I have noticed that Halloween 5 tends to absorb a lot of abuse. I believe that happens because people judge it by inappropriate standards. After all, this is a story about the Bogeyman. This is horror fantasy. Halloween 5 makes no pretense of being a realistic crime drama. I judge films of this sort by atmosphere and suspense. Halloween 5 is very strong by the first standard and pretty good by the second. The film is shot in such a way that it actually feels like Halloween. The lighting and coloration are beautifully done. As regards suspense, no slasher film can match the original Halloween, but this one does have a couple of exceptional moments. The part where Michael Myers pursues the little girl, and also where he kills Tina, are presented in such a way that it feels like people are actually dying.Contrast that with the by-the-numbers feel of most slasher films, where you see so many killings that they kind of become a blur. And Donald Pleasence is brilliant as Dr. Loomis. He is yet another factor that separates Halloween from other slasher movies.  <BR>      I certainly agree that this film could have done without the two dumb cops. And the telepathy. And the mysterious man in black. But the Halloween movies, when they are at their best, revolve around building a spooky atmosphere, effective stalking scenes, and big finales in which Dr. Loomis manages to salvage at least one person's life. Halloween 5 scores well in each of those areas. If you want real-life crime drama, tv is pretty well-stocked with shows that depict that.You won't find that in a Halloween movie. There are so many other places where you can find that, there's no point in looking for it in a slasher film.<BR>       For those, who, like myself, prefer to watch movies with the imagination and emotion, rather than logic, then Halloween 5 is outstanding. If you think logic should dominate a movie, I doubt that you'd spend much time watching slasher films anyway. <BR>      To recap, I agree with some of the criticisms that have been leveled at this film. But most of those things are simply not priorities. In fact, while the first half of the movie is up and down, I firmly believe that the second half is as good as anything i've seen in this genre since the original Halloween. Watch the action in the barn, or the chase through the field, culminating in the death of Tina. Or the incredible last act at the Myers' house.(And, yes, I realize that it doesn't look like the original Myers' house, but, once again, does it matter?) Dr. Loomis is kind of like Samson here, as he summons all his strength for one last time to defeat the Bogeyman. <BR>      No, this is not Silence of the Lambs, but it doesn't intend to be. For example, if you look back to the original Wolf Man, many people see that as the quintessential werewolf film. Now, if you've seen it, do you really believe that it is likely that there would be that much low-lying fog? Probably not. But it works. And that, in essence, is my whole argument for Halloween 5. Not all of it makes sense, but, taken as a whole, I loved this film. It works, but only as a work of the imagination. <BR>    Also, bear in mind that the creative team had to commence work behind the 8 ball,so to speak.The ending of part 4 seemed to be taking the series in a new direction. Then, they backtracked, and basically said,'Nevermind!' I suppose they decided that keeping michael as the villain offered more possibilities than switching over to the exploits of the little girl. When you consider that, there was really no way that they could have proceeded that would not have been somewhat awkward. That's why the first half of this film is weaker. They had to spend a lot of time at the opening trying to explain away the ending of the last film. <BR>     Final analysis: A beautifully made film, a great performance by Donald Pleasence, great cinematography, and an incredible finale. Like I said, the last forty-five minutes or so are as good as anything you'll see in a film of this type.And that blonde in the devil costume provides a nice dose of  eroticism. Check out the expression on her face as her boyfriend is about to 'commence' That alone will have you wearing out your 'pause' button. <BR>     If you watch it, approach it in the tradition of Dracula or the Wolf Man. It works on the horror-fantasy level. These films have always revolved around a triangular hunt: The Bogeyman stalking his victim, and Dr. Loomis stalking him. If you look back to the original Halloween, it also centered on such a formula. If you like that formula, I believe you'll like part 5. My favorites have always been Halloween, Halloween 2, and Halloween 5, with Halloween 4 being outstanding as well. Simply put, Halloween 5 is the last Halloween movie that I regard as great. In other words, good enough to watch 100 times or so. If you respond to this 'triangular hunt' scenario, as I do, then give Halloween 5 a try.
B00003CX9E|2.0|Hey this is the most boringest movie of all time for all of you that want to see it let me save you some time and money!  (...)  I waited the whole movie to find that out and it was horrible!
B0001HAISG|5.0|I don't usually write reviews, but I was surprised by the review by RED from PA.  (Actually, I am buying the movie for my kids, but I was curious to see what the reviews were.) <br />This is a really great family movie.  We all really enjoyed it.  It follows the Peter Pan story well, the acting is very good and the special effects and cinematography are wonderful.  It doesn't take known actors and doing well at a box office to make a good movie.  (I have seen quite a few movies with &quot;known&quot; actors that were definitely not worth my money, let alone my time.)  If you are a Peter Pan fan, this is certainly one for your collection.  <br />Now, for people that don't watch a movie but choose to submit a review anyway, do us all a favor and DON'T.  (Get a life, find something else to do with all that time you are spending alone in front of your P.C.)
B0000029GA|5.0|First off, &quot;mikkymouse&quot;, please try to use english and not &quot;iz&quot; and &quot;listenerz&quot;. If anyone sounds like they're trying to be hip, it's definately you. Second off, &quot;Rap is poor music&quot;, I searched your other reviews, and would you please stop bashing every single rap/hip-hop album or at least say something original that you haven't already said in every other review? The summary of your reviews are &quot;Other rap is crap, this is how rappers should rap, old school rap is great, blah blah blah&quot;<br />Anyways, Illmatic is one of the best, right up there with Reasonable Doubt, any Run DMC album, Great Adventures of Slick Rick, Straight Outta Compton, etc.<br />Original in what he says and a great compilation of beats. A+ work.
0517053616|4.0|While Shakespeare was producing much of his work hundreds of years ago, he belongs to the Early Modern era of the English Language. This particular period started approximately 60 years before he was born.<br />Many of the comments seem to think that the stilted grammar and flow (that only occur to current speakers of the language)determine whether a work is written in Old English. Some have mentioned Beowulf, which very few have likely read untranslated. If you can't understand a translated work, blame the person who authored IT and not the original work.<br />Old English approximates a German sound. If one were to hear something read in OE, they may guess the language was an older form of German. Middle English, the sort you'll come across reading UNTRANSLATED Chaucer, is much closer to what many would recognize as an English sounding language. It was highly ornate and approximated and Irish sound.<br />Early Modern English is basically what we are provided with when encountering Shakespeare. The language isn't as difficult to navigate as the references, especially in Shakespeare, which are historical as well as contemporary.<br />When considering the importance of Shakespeare or works that came before him, it is useful to consider the endeavor as trying to find one's cultural heritage. Many of today's popular literature is founded, deeply, in what has come before us. Irreverance and often the backdrops surrounding our most beloved characters have references much older than many can imagine. Even Harry Potter closely resembles elements of Beowulf, Chaucer, and Shakespeare to name the 3 of the more recognizeable.<br />Literature that has come before our time does tend to get treated with a little too much reverance, but the reasons people consider these classics to be important can't be denied.<br />This volume, lacking footnotes and perverting line structure, is still nifty in it's economical purpose, and is worth owning if you can make use of it.<br />LL.
B000063COX|5.0|Iron Maiden started of pretty well with a punk-sounded album. Compared to today's Iron Maiden sound, the band has changed but I'll get to that story someday. Below are my thoughts on each song:<br />Prowler: 4.8/5 - Good, solid opener for the album, really shows what's yet to come. The music is awesome as well as the lyrics.<br />Sanctuary: 5/5 - The first of this album's best songs. Fast, catchy and awesome lyrics(though I had trouble understanding them at first). Has a sort of heavy feeling but I can't seem to figure out what it is!<br />Remember Tomorrow: 5/5 - My favourite slow song of this era. Not really a ballad as it goes from soft to heavy, but it's an incredible song.<br />Running Free: 5/5 - Three straight full-mark songs already? This is the punkest song on the album, a favourite to many fans, and my second favourite song on this album.<br />Phantom Of The Opera: 5/5 - The longest and greatest song on this album. My favourite track features an opera-like intro which sets the tone for this masterpiece. The first of two masterpieces actually(from this era).<br />Transylvania: 4.9/5 - The full-mark streak ends with my favourite instrumental. Like one reviewer(who earned my respect) said, it has a transylvanian sound to it. This song would've gotten full marks if it was a bit longer, just in case Metallica's Orion might have wanted to compete.<br />Strange World: 4/5 - Not my favourite track but deserves some recognition for being a good, slow song.<br />Charlotte The Harlet: 5/5 - The full marks return with Dave Murray's first(and I think only)solo written song. The start of four amazing songs in the Charlotte The Harlot series. DO NOT skip this song! Also has a cool instrumental sound in the middle.<br />Iron Maiden: 5/5 - The album ends with the band's 'street theme'. An incredible song with perhaps THE best rythem I've ever heard.<br />Rare tracks from this era:<BR>Burning Ambition: 5/5 - Cool track, worthy of a place on the album.<br />Lineup: <BR>SteveHarris - Bass<BR>Dave Murray - Guitar<BR>Paul Di'Anno - Vocals<BR>Clive Burr - Drums<BR>Dennis Stratton - Guitars<br />Overall: Awesome album, must NOT be missed by any Iron Maiden fan.
1592400876|1.0|As someone who often comments on the misplaced punctuation and bad grammar, I received this book as a gift.  After reading of the author's call to arms to correct all of those wayward souls, I had to stop and ask myself: how can I retain my feeling of elitism if all mistakes in punctuation are abolished?  While the idea is funny, and would make a fun article, an entire book of complaints grated on my nerves.  If anything, this book taught me that maybe I should keep my mouth shut once in awhile--constantly correcting people must be awfully annoying!
B00005JMJ4|1.0|YEAH, IT'S ME AGAIN...   I HAVEN'T GOTTEN MY MONEY BACK FROM ALL OF THOSE HIGHLY INTELLIGENT PEOPLE WHO ARE CLAIMING THAT THEY ARE THE ONLY ONES WHO ARE CAPABLE OF UNDERSTANDING THIS &quot;MASTERPIECE&quot;-- UGH! (FORGIVE ME, I ALMOST VOMITED WHEN I REFERRED TO THIS IDIOTIC, STUPID, AND ASSCININE MOVIE AS A &quot;MASTERPIECE&quot;. <BR>ALL OF YOU KNOW, I AM SURE OF THE PEOPLE I AM REFFERING TO. YOU KNOW, THE ONES WHO DESCRIVE lost in translation AS &quot;DEEP&quot; AND &quot;STUNNING&quot;.<BR>I WANT THEM TO RETURN MY $3.00 I SPENT IN RENTING THIS MOVIE. AFTER ALL, IT WAS THEIR GRORIOUS REVIEWS THAT PROMPTED ME TO RENT THIS CRAP. ----------  I WANT MY MONEY BACK, DARN IT!<BR>THEY DON'T HAVE TO SEND IT TO ME DIRECTLY, THEY CAN SEND IT TO THE CHARITY OF THEIR CHOICE IN MY NAME: FUFUPAME<BR>THEN, I WANT THEM TO CONFIRM THAT YOU SENT THE MONEY BY LEAVING ME AN EMAIL AT: FUFUPAME@PEOPLEPC.COM. <BR>I KNOW I SOUND LIKE A CRY-BABY BUT I FEEL VIOLATED BY THIS MOVIE. SEND THE MONEY, P. L. E. A. S. E.!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B00005JMEW|5.0|God i love this movie.It's like a collection of brilliant scenes, and each one is better than the last.<BR>This might be kind of a silly, fun movie, hence the B-movie thingy i wrote, but the second one is a lot more serious and changes in tone entirely.So, put togheter, as they should be, they are one big, wonderful masterpiece.
B00008S2VG|1.0|This is another laughable effort. Madonna should've learned after this album was headed into wasteland territory, not to release another bargain record- the lifeless EP, R&amp;R. But nevertheless, she has such a dire need to keep her name in the public eye, she'll stoop to any measures, even though she's just embarrassing herself. Whomever taught Madonna that you can call yourself a singer, when infact the chipmunks have better vocal range, should be shot. The tracks here are not even worth discussing. So low in musical quality and lyrical content, the entire thing falls flat on its face. The worst record released in the last 20 years by any artist...
B000089RVX|5.0|Evanescence is a tremendously talented band, but one has to focus on lead singer Amy Lee.  Lee is one of those rarest of musical performers, an artist whose voice transcends words and music to reach down and tap into your very soul, holding you mesmerized by the power - intense yet gracefully restrained - of her voice.  A voice such as this does not lend itself to analysis, for it is, at its very core, a wholly spiritual device capable of the most emotional and soul-moving rapport with the human heart of the listener.  I was fascinated to learn that, for a significant amount of time, this album was being sold by many a religious music store.  After the band strongly separated themselves from any association with Christian rock, this practice ended.  Listening to these songs, though, I find it very easy to impart a Christian message to several of them, especially Bring Me to Life, My Immortal, Tourniquet, Haunted, and Whisper (the latter two featuring moving choir-like backing vocals) There is a spiritual hunger that cries out from many of the lyrics, a desperate yearning for companionship, understanding, and salvation in one form or another; ours is a society that is continually growing numb to many of the things taking place around us, and Amy Lee speaks eloquently to this.  She is like a spirit of light consigned to realms of darkness - even the gloomiest of the lyrics rise heavenward to lead our eyes to the rays of light hiding just over the horizon.<br />I have waited a long time to review this album, mainly because I don't know how to describe this music.  Some say these tracks sound too much alike, but I strongly disagree.  There is great variety among the songs on this album: much of the music is piano-driven with hints of classical influences; choir vocals are incorporated on a couple of tracks to add to the ethereal, highly spiritual nature of the music; electric guitar, synthesizer, and forceful percussion are utilized brilliantly, actually adding additional force to Amy Lee's already-hypnotizing lyrics; and slow ballads stand shoulder to shoulder with louder, more rock-oriented tracks.  Oftentimes, a single song will begin rather quietly to the accompaniment of piano and end in an exhilarating manner, as if the song itself draws strength from the music as it progresses.  Each song is unique, and the album as a whole is unique.  There's beauty, joy, despair, hope, self-doubt, and all manner of diverse emotions wrapped into these songs; most listeners will connect emotionally to each track in one way or another, and it is this aspect of personal experience and interpretation that makes it almost impossible for me to break these songs down into neat, little styles or genres.<br />I would dearly love to discuss every single track on the album, but that would be quite a project because - and I can't say this enough - there is so, so much that is meaningful in each and every song.  I will mention the bonus Track 12, (a different version of the beautiful ballad My Immortal), for I think it is the best track on the album.  At the conclusion of the song's glorious bridge, forceful guitar and drum beats kick in to carry the song to its conclusion, making what is already a very beautiful song that much more powerful.<br />As far as I'm concerned, Evanescence's Fallen is the best album to come along since Tori Amos' From the Choirgirl Hotel - and that is high praise indeed coming from yours truly.onal force to Amy Lee's already-hypnotizing lyrics; and slow ballads stand shoulder to shoulder with louder, more rock-oriented tracks.  Oftentimes, a single song will begin rather quietly to the accompaniment of piano and end in an exhilarating manner, as if the song itself draws strength from the music as it progresses.  Each song is unique, and the album as a whole is unique.  There's beauty, joy, despair, hope, self-doubt, and all manner of diverse emotions wrapped into these songs; most listeners will connect emotionally to each track in one way or another, and it is this aspect of personal experience and interpretation that makes it almost impossible for me to break these songs down into neat, little styles or genres.  <br />I would dearly love to discuss every single track on the album, but that would be quite a project because - and I can't say this enough - there is so, so much that is meaningful in each and every song.  I will mention the bonus Track 12, (a different version of the beautiful ballad My Immortal), for I think it is the best track on the album.  At the conclusion of the song's glorious bridge, forceful guitar and drum beats kick in to carry the song to its conclusion, making what is already a very beautiful song that much more powerful.<br />As far as I'm concerned, Evanescence's Fallen is the best album to come along since Tori Amos' From the Choirgirl Hotel - and that is high praise indeed coming from yours truly.
B0001BKAEY|1.0|I remember back in the good ol days when I used to watch The Matrix 100+ times. Of course you know it spawned the dvd revolution. I mean that is really how big this movie was. Everybody had to have a dvd to watch The matrix. The original put the DVD in my house.  <br />So to say REVOLUTIONS is a dissapointment is way understating it. Utter dissbelief sounds more like it. I remember walking out of the theatre feeling like I had the wind knocked out of me. I was shocked. <br />Bad movies don't make me feel this way. $9.00 dollars is $9.00, I mean unless that $9.00 is going to save my life. But for some reason that $9.00 felt more like $900.00<br /> This is what I'm saying, tell me if you agree. Walking out of a bad movie, I just say such is life.<BR>Walking out of Matrix Revolutions I wanted to picket outside the theatre.
B00008MNYS|2.0|Usually, I am an absolute huge fan of Robbie Williams, I'm in complete love with everything I can manage to get my hands on over here in America.<br />When I heard about Robbies new album I was absolutely ecstatic, especially when it seemed as though he was getting a big push here in America for once.  Then I heard &quot;Feel&quot; on the radio and saw the video on Fuse, and I grew even more excited, &quot;Feel&quot; was a great song and could really do a lot for him over here in my opinion.  Then the album comes out and I rush to my local store to get it on the day it debuts and....it's horrible!<br />Where's the robbie I've come to know and love? where's his old cocky self? that attitude that he's going to take over the world and still look damn good doing it?  This album just lacked all of that in my opinion, and was definately not the album to knock the door down over here.<br />So I will sit and patiently wait for Robbies next album which will hopefully be a return to his older music and will be the album to finally make him the star he so deserves to be in America.
B0001NBMBC|2.0|This album can be summed up in one word -- WEAK. What happened? Slipknot used to be known as one of the most aggressive bands ever. Their first two albums were so aggresive, so heavy, so hate-filled they make you want to go on a killing spree, or at least kick a bunch of people's asses. But this is not Slipknot. Not even close. There's not even a parental advisory! The only reason it got two stars because if this were a new band or a Stone Sour album, it would be okay. It sounds like an older Shadows Fall album with less solos. But it's so WEAK! There's two acoustic songs. What the hell? And one is a love ballad!? Vermillion Part 2 he sings, that's right he sings instead of screaming this time, about missing some chick. The only time Slipknot should sing about missing someone is maybe missing them with a knife or an axe. This is an even bigger step down than when Metallica released the black album. I don't know if they were trying to sell out so they could be on MTV and in Wal-Mart, or if they're too old and too rich to be pissed off about anything anymore, but they will definitely be missed. If you're a Slipknot fan, do yourself a favor and don't buy this album.
B00006879E|5.0|I have been waiting for a band like Maroon 5 to come along! This IS rock &amp; roll, this IS art!! There really aren't words to describe how incredible this music is. If you love great music you will not be able to put this CD away! I saw them in concert and they are even better live! These guys will be around for a long, long time.
B00005N5RM|2.0|The 80's remake of The Blob has much wilder special effects but every time The Blob shows up your stomach turns its not as fun as the 5o's version when you couldn't wait to see more Blob. Characters in this movie are the biggest problem THEY ALL DIE. You can't follow anyone cause they die in the next two minutes. And the two chosen characters are less than interesting. Not great. Music by Michael Hoenig. Check out The Stuff its pretty bad too but in a fun funny way.
B000002J09|5.0|While I was only 6 years old at the time of this album's release, it is still one of my all-time favorites. While not being as much of a headbanger's album as their previous 3, it still shows their dedication to hard rock music, as long as woth classical and blues influnces. Buy it. It's a classic.
B00008V5VN|5.0|Sleep is a great stoner/doom band that gets a little less praise than Electric Wizard. They are extremely heavy, their songs are long and druggy, and they just rule. Dopesmoker is no exception. Here we have a 63-and-a-half minute song about Jesus and pot, and after 11 minutes, you're convinced that this is some great stuff. Some people complain that it becomes montonous. I think it becomes very trance-inducing after a while. There are a lot of riffs, but they never vary that much from the main riff in the beginning. Also, the band can play. Matt Pike pulls out mean solos, Al Cisneros' rumbling bass is very impressive, and so is the underrated Chris Haikus, who has a caveman-like attitude when it comes to drumming. Also, there is the live bonus track &quot;Sonic Titan,&quot; which must've been written about 1993, judging by the Dragonaut video. Good song, very good production. A great album, rivals Dopethrone in sheer heaviness. Buy it soon and play loud!
B00005U8EM|5.0|One of my favorite multiple-watching films.  I don't even want to argue whether the film is important or not, great or not, or whatever or not.  It is a fun film with a pleasant love story and is full of actors I really enjoy watching.  The love story is fun because it is the mirror of the normal film love story.  Typically the girl hates the guy but she slowly changes to see what a great guy he is and finally falls for him.  Here, Rita (Andie MacDowell - in one of my favorite of her performances) remains the same and it is Phil (Bill Murray - one of his great roles) who slowly learns who he needs to be to win Rita over and finally becomes that person.<br /><br />While everyone knows the plot of the story by now, I don't want to give it away to the three people left who don't know it.  Just let me say that unless you think funny movies cannot have a kind soul, you will like this movie.  Frankly, I get awfully tired of the oceans of howling venom passing for wit.  This is a movie I am willing to watch anytime at the drop of a hat.  There are so many funny scenes, but the image of Bill Murray giving driving instructions to a groundhog as the flee from panicked townsfolk is wonderful.<br /><br />Enjoy it!
B00020HEL6|5.0|Renee is the total package and trust me when I say that Jamie Gertz is the perfect person to mentor her. She is going to be a huge star. Still Standing is not about a former coke head (Gertz) making a Dickie Roberts style comeback. It is about Renee Olstead emerging into a major major star. Right now there is only one teen 16 or younger that is better than her and she almost beat Fantasia Barrino a couple of weeks ago.<br />Here is how I rank the top 10 female singers (DIVAS) 16 or younger.<br />1. Diana Degarmo<BR>2. Renee Olstead<BR>3. Joanna &quot;JOJO&quot; Levesque<BR>4. Joelle James<BR>5. Spensha Baker<BR>6. Tori Thompson<BR>7. Tori Taylor<BR>8. Danielle White<BR>9. Leteefah Dooling<BR>10. Taylor Thompson
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I think there's enough 5 star reviews for this show that me continuing to rave about it would serve no purpose. So instead I choose to berate and chide the &quot;brainiacs&quot; who first decide to bring the master storyteller Joss Whedon to their network only to drop his show before the tale could fully be told. IDIOTS!! Do these people not know Joss Whedon? Have they not seen Buffy or Angel? Do they not know that Joss is all about big story arcs that pay off wonderfully in the end? To just kill the show was an absolute crime! If it were up to me, I would take all the people involved in cancelling Firefly, lock them in a room, and make them watch American Idol or Joe Millionaire, or whatever the latest reality garbage show is on, over and over and over again until they choke on the filth they've created and pandered to the public. That wouldn't quite be justice, but pretty close.<P>Well I guess its the fans that showed them. The sales of this dvd set are through the roof and after reading several reviews, its clear that anybody who's watched this show loves it. Can't wait for the movie!!
0440178002|5.0|I gets convuluted along the way, but when I first read it, I couldn't put it down.  I think I read it a 2 or 3 days. The mini-series didn't do it justice.  You've probably read the synopsis and other reviews, so I won't elaborate.
0792163710|5.0|SHANE is among the most renowned westerns in motion picture history, inspite of the miscasting of Alan Ladd in the title role. many other more accomplished actors come to mind of whom could have assumed the role, and many of these were offered the role. however it was Alan Ladd who was awarded the role.<br />Ladd was a formidable actor and delivered a fine performance inspite of the other more accomplished actors who may have given better performances.<br />regardless of Ladd in the role of SHANE, the movie was legendary and considered a true classic to this day. the other actors, which include: Van Heflin, Jean Arthur, Brandon De Wilde, Emile Meyer and Jack Palance all gave stellar performances. however it was George Stevens, a director whose name is synonymous with great filmmaking who was solely responsible for the renowned success of this truly legendary western classic. a true masterpiece.
B00008OLYN|5.0|Opeth and the D1/D2 projects, Deliverance and Damnation are a must have for any fans of death metal and progressive rock. Of the two albums, Damnation is by far the best! Deliverance is a great, solid Opeth album. However, Damnation tears it apart, but in a very different way. This album is great for all the wrong reasons most people have grown to expect from Opeth. This project was done with the intent of being a melodic, progressive rock album without distorted guitars and vocals. So, I was expecting to hear something in the neighborhood of Harvest, Face of Melinda or Credence style. Surprisingly, Damnation is nothing like any of their softer songs off of a full-length record.<br />Damnation starts of with a catchy tune right off the bat. Windowpane is an amazing song with some really cool jazzy/bluesy guitar solos. The track is about 8 minutes long, and is the longest on the album. I really love how this song flows and really is one of the best songs on the record. \\"In My Time of Need\\" is the second track, featuring the coolest vocal melodies I have heard Mikael do in a while. I really like how the verses are sung in syllables. Something about \\"In My Time of Need\\" that makes this song one of the songs I will throw the CD in to listen to. \\"Death Whispered a Lullaby\\" is a good song, but no real big highlights to mention. \\"Closure\\", is another phenomenal Opeth track with a very cool, but unusual outro that ends abruptly into \\"Hope Leaves\\". \\"Hope Leaves\\" is probably the oddball song on the album; at least it was for me. This song really took a while for it to grow on me. What really takes me now with this song are the lyrics. For some reason I really love the opening line \\"In the corner, beside my window, there hangs a lonely photograph\\". I swear this song probably took about two months of growing time for me to truly appreciate the track! \\"To Rid the Disease\\" is the next track on the record. This is another exceptional song. I really like how they did the opening music on this track. \\"To Rid the Disease\\" starts out with a guitar intro and vocals without much going on from the rest of the band. Then at about 45 seconds into the track the drums kick in with a punchy bass line from Martin Menendez. This truly catches what my buddy likes to call the \\"Martin to Marin connection\\"! \\"Ending Credits\\" is the instrumental on the album. Not a lot to say... The song is good, and that's about it! Finally we get to \\"Weakness\\". Ok, if I wrote this review the day the album released, I'd tear this song apart. I had a lot of patience with \\"Weakness\\". The track is just, well, weird. I don't know if it is that the song grew on me, or whether I have just grown in musical tastes, but I'm really partial to this song now. I really can't give a great description of the song. It is more or less vocals sung through a tube microphone and tube preamp (at least that's my guess) to get a really clean yet distorted sound on the vocals. Then the vocals are sung over some keyboards with some guitar leads here and there. Unless you have heard the song, that probably doesn't make any sense. You really have to hear \\"Weakness\\" to understand it. <br />Damnation is a must have for Opeth fans, but more so for music lovers. This album is truly a masterpiece and I was shocked to see Opeth attempt to pull something like this off. I really think they have advanced musically as a band, and have put forth a groundbreaking effort at expanding their abilities and talents. I had the chance to talk with Mikael Akerfeldt a few months ago at a concert. He said that Damnation is probably going to be the one and only album like this for a while. The next album will be a mixture of the heavy and progressive stuff as we usually see from the band. I would really like a follow up to Damnation, but on the other hand this album would have never attracted me to the band in the first place. I really like the direction Opeth took on this record and I can say without a shadow of doubt this is one of the best pieces of work the band has done. I won't say it is my favorite album by Opeth, \\"My Arms, Your Hearse\\" holds that spot. I would even say \\"Still Life\\" probably follows as my second favorite album. But, Damnation is my close third. I think what I really like about this album is that it is catchy. It has great guitar work, appealing vocals and the stories are vast. I also appreciate the fact that Opeth is more or less a death metal band, and went against all odds and released a clean tone, progressive rock album. I cannot praise Opeth enough for releasing Damnation, and I highly recommend this album to anyone that is willing to give it an open minded chance.
B0001D0FTW|5.0|This has been playing practically nonstop ever since I got it.  It's one of the most fun and most polished metal albums I've heard in ages, and it's very refreshing.<br /><br />Edguy wear their influences on their sleeves -- anybody who enjoyed Iron Maiden, Judas Priest, or Helloween at their peak will find a lot to like on this album.  Hey, for my money, the outright Priest-worship of the opening track sounds way better than Priest ever did.  But even if there's a lot of borrowing and a lot of tribute paid to the masters, Edguy have got their own sound and a whole lot of charisma that no other active band can match.<br /><br />This album is stripped-down (the symphonic overkill of earlier albums is mostly gone), song-centered and a WHOLE lot less pretentious than other competitors in the current slew of prog/power-metal.  It's definitely rock, not opera, and every song stands out, as was the case with Maiden at their peak.  You get one epic (but not over-orchestrated) track, \\"The Piper Never Dies\\", which is good all the way through its 10 minutes and builds up to a crushing finish.  Other standouts -- Mysteria, Under the Moon, King of Fools, and The Navigator, but really there's not a weak track on it.<br /><br />Last thing:  the album has a great sense of humor that very much reminds of Helloween (Dr. Stein, or Rise and Fall, for instance) and completely deflates any pretentiousness about the album.  It's pretty nice -- too many bands in this genre are way over-inflated on self importance.  Edguy cuts right through all the BS and delivers nothing more or less than a flat-out crank-it-up, sing-along-as-you-floor-it-down-the-highway good time.<br /><br />Edit: OK, after many months of listening, I'm still in love with this album.  And \\"The Piper Never Dies\\" has entered my pantheon of all-time great metal songs.  It's that good.
1592400876|2.0|I enjoyed this light and amusing book, despite the fact that it has been overexposed and overrated. I would also recommend &quot;When Bad Grammar Happens to Good People&quot;, which I recently came across in a bookstore.
155927557X|1.0|I thoroughly enjoyed reading the book and hearing the Books on Tape version, but the Audio Renaissance 25th Anniversary version is _abridged_, a fact not mentioned anywhere I could find around here.
B00004SZWD|5.0|please ignore the one star reviewers on this page and buy this great compilation. a note to a one star reviewer stevie wonder had started making music much before the awful justin timberlake was born.
B00005JMEW|5.0|This statement lies at the ending of this movie. I must state that Tarantino has made the most original and honest tribute to the great oriental tradition ; specially to the immortal Bruce Lee , (Kato style from the green hornet TV series from the sixties)<br />Quentin Tarantino made a brilliant film , inmersed in the middle soul of the revenge . In many ways when I watched the film I couldn't let to think about a modern adaptation of The Count Of MonteChrist to the modern times. The takes are elegant , and the camera handle is still better than Pulp Fiction .<br />Thurman is magnificient in this role. Her charismatic beauty however, is not an obstacle for her to show all the spirit of fury , rage and cruelty that this character demands.<br />The violence reachs poetic heights. Specially in the final duel.<br />An ovewhelming triumph from Tarantino ; the edition and special effects are first rate. And from now, consider the decisive multiple sword duel in the hall as a true classic sequence. It's a macabre coreografic dance filled with histamina.<br />Don't miss this tribute to all that generation of Kung Fu  fighters : Bruce Lee , David Carradine , Jim Kelly, John Saxon and Karate gladiators too as Chuck Norris.<br />A superb picture.
B00004SZWD|5.0|i want to remind a certain one star reviewer on this page that the great stevie wonder starting making music when justync timberlake was not even a seed in his father's [life].so i wonder who ripped off whom.is not very evident that justync is trying to copy stevie but fails miserably. anyway this is one of the best stevie wonder compilations and is very highly recommended.
0156013983|4.0|It's a strange little book that defies classification. My husband and I both read it and went away with very different interpretations. The book is part whimsy, part satire, and part philosphy. Its deceptive simplicity defies classification on greater examination.
B000002KFJ|5.0|THIS WAS ON OF THE BEST SABBATH ALBUMS WITH OZZY AND ONE OF MY FAVOURITE FEATURING ANTHEMS LIKE SYMPTOM OF THE UNIVERSE AND MEGALOMANIA.VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.A MUST HAVE IN EVERY ROCK FAN'S COLLECTION.
185459768X|5.0|Not that there's anything wrong with Harry. But Lyra, rather than being portrayed as a slightly inept side-kick, is THE HEROINE. Her adventures through the Dark Materials have many levels, in which both adult and older child will find many meanings both metaphorical and physical. I couldn't put this down until I'd read all 3 books in the series. I'm leaving for vacation with all three again after being away for 3 years -- I want to do it all again! I hope you enjoy this wonderful trilogy.
B0000AMRJC|5.0|THIS WAS MY SECOND BEST AL PACINO MOVIE AFTER GODFATHER 2 AND HIS ACTING IS STELLAR IN THIS AWESOME MOVIE.HIGHLY RECOMMENDABLE WATCH.NOT TO BE MISSED FOR MATURE FILM FANS.
B0001NBMBC|5.0|ok, first off...i love slipknot, i think their previous 2 albums were awesome so when i heard Pulse Of TheMaggots and Duality before this album came out, i KNEW this album was gonna rock. So when i got this album i noticed no parental advisory sticker on it.(...). so after hearing this album i was kinda like \\"this is WAY different\\" but in a good way, theres slow songs and in a few of them corey sings about \\"wanting her\\" WANTING HER? i never figured id hear that from slipknot, but you know what? im not the type of guy who judges a band from their other albums and wants a duplicate of their previous albums and thats whats wrong with 99% of the music fans in this world, i listen to the albuom and judge it as a new, i dont want to hear 2, 3, or 4 albums from a band sounding all the same, whats the point? you get bored quick of that. So yes this album is very different, is alittle slower at times but still rocks hard.....i love it and think its the best album in 2004, i listen to it nonstop........definately get this album, but listen ot it with a open mind. so all you slipknot (so called) fans get over it, accept the band, accept the album and if you dont like it, listen to IOWA for the millionth time and let the \\"real\\" fans, who accept them as they are listen to the good stuff......VOL.3 ROCKS!!!!
B00005ATZT|5.0|If I were stranded on a desert island and all I could have was my abysmally sparse movie collection, I would make sure &quot;The Fugitive&quot;  was in it.  Thankfully, it is.  This is one of the most entertaining and engaging movies ever, far superior to a lot of movies playing these days.  For the few of you who don't know the plot, I'll run it past you without spoiling much...<br />The story revolves around a Chicago surgeon named Dr. Richard Kimball (Harrison Ford) who is convicted of murdering his wife (Sela Ward).  He pleads innocent, claiming that a one-armed man committed the heinous crime (the opening sequence, showing the murder in flashback style, is chillingly realistic).  Well, no one believes the good doctor's alibi, and he is sentenced to death.  However, after his prison bus crashes into a train, he escapes back to Chicago to find the murderer, while keeping away from US Marshal Sam Gerard (Tommy Lee Jones) and his team of deputies.  <br />Having never seen the old TV series, this movie was nevertheless fantastic.  The thrills just keep coming, as well as the tongue-in-cheek humor, courtesy of Tommy Lee Jones and Joe Pantoliano (as Cosmo, Sam's deputy), who really steal the show in a lot of scenes.  The screenplay is obviously very sharp.  The train-and-bus wreck will take your breath away, as will the waterfall sequence.  Aside from these action scenes, it's great that this movie is shot in Chicago, one of the greatest cities in North America.  Sorry, personal bias, I loved Chicago when I visited a couple years back.  The acting is very well done, and the characters are very three-dimensional.  Sometimes it feels like you're watching a modern &quot;Les Miserables&quot;.  Nice transition from action thriller to action-mystery as the film enters its second half.  If you follow the plot, which is fairly easy to keep up with, the ending will shock you.  All in all, &quot;The Fugitive&quot; is definitely worth the bang for your hard-earned buck.  If youhaven't seen this wonderful piece of movie-making, do so ASAP.<br />Quality-wise, the DVD is pretty good.  Director Andrew Davis does  a cool little documentary on how the train wreck was filmed.<br />MOVIE-10/10<BR>DVD EXTRAS-8/10
B000001FTJ|5.0|By the early 1980's, Tom Waits had perfected his style.  His beatnik-barroom persona was clearly defined, his throaty voice familiar to a very dependable, if not especially large, fan base.  This is the point at which most popular musicians reach an apex, enter &quot;legendary&quot; status, and release a string of albums that often simply pastiche their earlier successes.  But Tom Waits is not an ordinary &quot;popular musician.&quot;<br />Consequently, he re-invented himself in 1983 with Swordfishtrombones.  Choosing to jettison his record label and produce the new album himself, he also left behind the combination of strings and piano that had backed so many of his previous songs, replacing them with scratchy electric guitars (often plucked), bizarre organs, glass harmonicas, and most of all, a huge variety of drums.  The result is a CD full of arresting soundscapes in which his voice, always distinctive, becomes an instrument in its own right.  <br />The lyrics are different also.  Though he is still most certainly singing about life's unfortunates, the typical references to hookers, bars, and closing time are replaced with mystifying, often nightmareish story-lyrics in which the listener more often gets the gist, rather than the details, of the circumstances described.  Though &quot;Frank's Wild Years&quot; is a spoken song and might at first seem similar to the spoken-word masterpieces of, say, Nighthawks at the Diner, this song is not about your typical drunkard but rather a psychopath who, unable to stand his suburban existance, burns down his house and drives away laughing.<br />In fact, discontent with the city is prevalent on the songs here; there's the unflatteringly depicted seaport in &quot;Shore Leave,&quot; a &quot;Town With No Cheer,&quot; and the suburban nightmare of &quot;In The Neighborhood,&quot; which sounds like a Fourth-of-July anthem with a hangover.  Of course, Waits himself would eventually move to the country, a move reflected in 1993's Bone Machine.  <br />All in all, this disc is unbeatable.  Waits's voice, sounding amazingly young and cocky compared with his recent releases, is in top form.  His poetry, though considerably more obscure than what he has written afterward -- sometimes to the point of complete mystification -- is evocative and startling, and as always, sounds great when sung with Tom's unusual phrasing.  And the music itself, ranging from the brutally percussive opener &quot;Underground&quot; to the wild blues-rock of &quot;16 Shells from a Thirty-Ought-Six,&quot; to the acerbic organ on &quot;Frank's Wild Years,&quot; and the obligatory gorgeous ballads &quot;Johnsburg, Illinois&quot; and &quot;Soldiers Things,&quot; is among the best Waits ever composed.  <br />Swordfishtrombones, which was both an important career move for Waits and an album on which every song matters and is well placed, should not be missed by anyone interested in some of the best American popular music of all time.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|And I loved it.   Those who enjoy the typical Hollywood approach to film making will generally dislike this movie.  This is no elaborate plot line.  The characters aren't extraordinary heroes or heroines.  And there are no dramatic deaths, over-the-top angst or drama.  What there is, is a subtle, underlying set of emotions that you either will or will not relate to.  Like most great things, this movie is not a compromise.  It is not written and created to appeal to &quot;everyone and their brother&quot;.  And for 102 minutes of your time, I think it's worth the gamble for the opportunity to find a movie that will strike a deep emotional chord that most movies miss.
B000002UDB|4.0|Magical Mystery Tour is an album which fully encapsulates the very nature and essence of the psychedelic rock movement.  On Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band, the more off-kilter psychedelic experementations were balanced with music that had a classic Beatle sensibility, subsequent albums followed along similar lines, with the exception of Magical Mystery Tour.  The sound isn't as soft or nearly as accessible than previous albums, and is dominated almost entirely by songs heavily laden with horns and druggy studio effects.<br />In this regard, content matches form.  Most of the songs contain bizzare imagery that echo some of the more surreal moments of Sgt. Pepper, and as good as the material sounds, the strange nature of the experementation doesn't give it much longevity.  After listening to the album 25+ times, the novelty wears off, and the album sounds weary instead of powerful and vibrant.  The music also sounds a bit dated, sort of stuck in a long defunct avenue of popular music, which makes Magical Mystery Tour less endearing than, say, the timeless &quot;White Album&quot;.
B0001ZX0OW|2.0|I almost purchased this dvd without catching the movie in theaters because of all the hype surrounding the story. I decided to be on the safe side just in case so I rented it instead. I'm glad I didn't waste the cash on buying it but unfortunately I wasted a few hours of my life watching this dreary tragedy. <br />I don't want to focus entirely on the negative so I'll start out with what really works in the movie. The acting (for the most part) is excellent. Some of the best performances I've seen in a while. Sean Penn comes through once again with a stellar performance.<BR> <BR>Now on to the bad. If the story was even half as good as the acting this would be a must own dvd for my collection. Unfortunately, I found the pacing of the movie to be very slow, and I was ready for the movie to end long before it finally did.  <br />It never ceases to amaze me what people classify as deep. I've read several reviews of this movie and many of the people act like this is some profound life changing film. Sure, this movie does a good job of displaying raw human emotion and shows how imperfect we humans really are but what else does it offer? To those who have watched the movie what is the message that comes though at the end? I would say the message is &quot;crap happens&quot;, often times justice is not swift and severe. Is this such a revelation to some people? <br />I guess in the end when it comes to movies there is no accounting for taste. I've came across people who've describe &quot;Natural Born Killers&quot; as deep and &quot;Pulp Fiction&quot; as genius. While this movie is without question a cut above those I'm still awestruck by the some of the popular (so called deep) movies of our generation. I guess it's just a reflection of today's society as a whole.
B000002KY8|5.0|Although the majority of &quot;The Revolution&quot; was already in place they were not formed at this point. Wendy, Lisa, and Brownmark are all present on this album even the then unknown Vanity sings backup vocals. Released Feb 1983 this double album is a definate classic and must own for any Prince fan. 1999, Little Red Corvette, Delirious and Automatic feed your pop craving and D.M.S.R, Something in the water (Does Not Compute), Lady Cab Driver, and my favorite track on this album All The Critics Love U In New York feed your dance craving. Free and International Lover feed your slow jams craving. This album also had many significant points that are often overlooked by the casual fan. &quot;I will buy you Diamonds and Pearls&quot; in 1983! Credited on &quot;The Time's&quot; first album was an unknown Jamie Starr who is also credited on this album and Prince claims &quot;Jamie Starr is a thief!, It's time to fix your clock(A reference to The Time)&quot; in D.M.S.R. Which we later learn the entire album was written by Prince and he played all the instruments on the album under the alias Jamie Starr. This album is unlike alot of Prince albums as it is easily dated back to the 80's but honestly it doesn't hurt this collection one bit. This is not the best Prince album but that is not due to the quality of this record. It is better than nearly every album from it's era. Prince has over 20+ albums rating this one the best would be difficult but that is because Prince has touched every genre of music and he is so many things to so many people. This is a must have for anyone who grew up in the 80's.
B000089RVX|5.0|This Cd is one of the best I've ever bought. The only regret is that some of them sound the same. But still, I love this Cd, from Bring Me to Life to Hello. Definately buy this Cd.
B00005JLR8|5.0|After I rented this, I was kicking myself for mistakenly leaving \\"Calendar Girls\\" at the store-- I was in the mood for something uplifting and cheerful, having had some unexpected bad news, and though I'd heard nothing but praise for this movie, I expected it to be a mixture of whimsy and Oprah-style \\"overcoming tough times.\\"<br />NO.  From the very beginning, where the Irish family crosses the Canadian border into the US, pretending to be \\"on holidays\\" but really coming to work-- the movie is instead a blend of cheerful family comedy and buried grief.  It's a combination hard to describe but I can say this is EXACTLY the film to watch if you're struggling with tough times because it will make you smile and ALSO give you some perspective, without beating you up about it... (what many people including me got for example from \\"The Full Monty.\\")<br />This family is so gentle and loving to each other without ever being treacly.  This is NOT the hard-drinking, disappointed, passionate Irishman-- the dad is an actor and it's quickly clear that he's a GOOD actor, though he has trouble finding and keeping work.  But he's a father and husband first, devoted to his family, and struggling with the recent death of son Frankie.  Christy takes everything in on her camcorder, and precociously \\"rescues\\" the family with three wishes she uses judiciously through the course of the movie.  Mom, luminously played by Samantha Morton, is radiant, loyal and supportive.  And little Emma Bolger, who plays young Ariel, practically steals the show with her \\"mad moppet\\" (according to director Jim Sheridan) energy, charm and joy.<br />Yet there's a truthfulness to everything that rescues the family from the saccharine sweetness of a situation comedy-- though much of the comedy is from \\"fish out of water\\" situation; little Ariel's thinking the Stars Spangled Banner is about \\"Jose,\\" the girls standing for hours in a shower to cool off on a humid New York day...<br />there's also an unexpected development with \\"the screaming man\\" who turns out to be an African artist who lives in an apartment below theirs (they live in an old, somewhat run-down building that looks to be in Washigton Heights or Harlem).  <br />This is a movie about redemption, love, and overcoming grief while sustaining the bonds that are family-- but rent it because it's FUN, and don't be put off by the heavy themes.  They may be heavy but they are handled with a light touch, and the people in this movie have so much charm you want to take them home.<br />I liked the movie so much I immediately watched it again with the commentary and Jim Sheridan was delightful-- though repetitive once in a while he was also hilarious, rather humble and enlightening-- the movie is based on a true story, his own, with some changes of course-- it was his brother that died, when he was little, and not, as in the film, his son, just before coming to America.  And to keep the movie from being too heavy, he changed the narration to one of his daughters.  It all works gloriously, and his descriptions of some of the things that happened in auditions or while shooting are memorable.<br />On another note, this is a GREAT movie for New Yorkers, past, present and future.  Could anything be more magical than the family's initial joy when they see Times Square with all its dazzle and light?<br />Highly recommended. I may have to buy it!
B00006879E|5.0|Every song on this cd is great!  There is not a song on here that should not be a radio hit.  I have had this cd for over a year now, good to see its finally hit the mainstream.  If you are looking to get in on the ground floor of a great band, this is a must have.  They will be as big as Matchbox 20 if their follow-ups are as good as this one.  Buy this right now and it won't come out of your cd player until its worn out!
B0001ZX0PG|5.0|Mystic River is a great movie that is always digging deeper with both the story and the always interesting characters.  Jimmy, Sean, and Dave are childhood friends in Boston when Dave is kidnapped and abused by two men posing as police officers.  After the ordeal, Dave never fully recovers from the incident, which tears the friendship between the boys apart.  Twenty-five years later, they are reunited by the murder of Jimmy's daughter's death.  The story brings out the depth in the characters rather than just making them stereotypes, which they easily could have been.  Instead, the viewer learns about each of the main characters, and much of the supporting cast, making it easier to feel for all of them in their times of trouble.  Director Clint Eastwood brings a very gritty, realistic feeling to the movie in the streets of Boston.  This is an excellent movie with a great cast that should not be missed.<br />  The cast of Mystic River brings the viewer into the setting because it is so easy to feel what they are feeling onscreen.  Sean Penn gives an excellent performance in his Oscar-winning role as Jimmy Markum, a father and husband so distraught at his daughter's death that he will stop at nothing to find her killers.  Tim Robbins is just as good as Dave Boyle, a man still tortured by his abduction who may or may not be involved with the murder.  Kevin Bacon plays Sean Devine, one of the lead detectives on the case who is reunited with his childhood friends, Jimmy and Dave.  Laurence Fishburne stars as Sergeant Whitey Ford, Sean's partner on the case.  Mystic River also stars Marcia Gay Harden as Celeste, Dave's wife who is so torn up about the situation, Laura Linney as Jimmy's wife, Annabeth, and Thomas Guiry as Brendan Harris, Jimmy's daughter's fiance.  The Special 3-Disc Edition offers widescreen presentation, theatrical trailers, commentary from Robbins and Bacon, two featurettes about the making of Mystic River, interviews from the Charlie Rose Show, and Clint Eastwood's musical score.  Mystic River is an excellent movie full of very real emotions with a great cast from director Clint Eastwood that should not be missed!
B0000DD7LB|5.0|i used to be a britney hater . but when one of my friends suggest me to buy and listen to it and said if it was bad i give you 20$. but this is great i really loves it and im gonna be a huge britney lover . <BR>the great tracks are :<BR>1.showdown. <BR>2.breathe on me.<BR>3.TOXIC<BR>4.touch of my hand<BR>5.hook up<BR>6.every time <BR>BELIVE ME THIS I SREALLY GREAT. GO AND BUY IT!
B000003TA4|5.0|You'll always have those fools who think that they are musical experts and will bash certain bands because of it.  The thing is, all of you Nirvana haters truly don't get it.<br />I know you will disagree and write a wordy and pretentious review disputing this.  But that doesn't change the fact that you don't really understand what these guys pulled off.<br />They brought raw emotion back into popular music and should be respected for that.  Even if you don't like them.<br />Hey, I didn't like them when they first came out.  But I eventually grew to appreciate them.
B000001F9N|5.0|It's simply... &quot;Love Trilogy&quot; by Donna Summer its her best album in her all career.<br />All tracks are delightful.<br />Buy It... This is the best work of Donna Summer.<br />GUARANTEED!!!!!!
B0001GOH6Q|4.0|I got a little lost along the way<BR>But it's just around the corner to the light of day<BR>-Bruce Springsteen<br />Coming from a bloodline rife with storytellers, BIG FISH'S concept had me, to quote JERRY MAGUIRE, at hello. <br />Director Tim Burton's latest film dramatizes the efforts of an adult son (Billy Crudup) desperately trying to find the smallest tile of fact in his dying father's (the always excellent Albert Finney as raconteur extraordinaire Edward Bloom) exaggerated life mosaic.<br />As with all of Burton's films, image, mood, atmosphere and flights of fancy weigh far more importantly than honest human connection or cohesive narrative. The film often loses itself in Edward Bloom's wild and wooly fantasies thereby straining not only credulity and verisimilitude but also the audience's emotional investment. This is a film that demands we empathize with every step our protagonists make on their personal odysseys. And that is a trick the self-consciously eccentric Burton has yet to consistently master. As usual Burton oscillates wildly between images of antiseptic suburbia and foggy gothic forests with several colorful Rube Goldberg circus acts randomly interspersed.<br />Fortunately Burton allows his excellent cast- also featuring Jessica Lange, Ewan MacGregor, Steve Buscemi and Danny DeVito enough sublime moments of acting wizardry to forge the tangible human element.<br />Even though Big Fish sometimes loses us along the way, it does lead us to the light of day in a most satisfying denouement. It is a finale of hope, wonder and peace that left my eyes awash in big salties.<br />Big Fish isn't perfect, but if one shares a background as I do with young Bloom and his father, it will deliver fine, emotional entertainment.
B0001GF2DS|5.0|MGM released a DVD edition of &quot;The Good, the Bad and the Ugly&quot; in the late 1990s, but it had few extras, a mono soundtrack, and a scratched print. Finally, MGM has given Sergio Leone's Western epic the double-disc special edition it deserves. The print is restored and as clear as I've ever seen it, the sound is now an astonishing 5.1 Surround (listen to the glass falling off Tuco after he springs through the window in the opening sequence!) nineteen minutes of footage from the Italian original have been restored, and the discs are packed with extras. Even the packaging is great: a sturdy interlocking box, with the DVDs kept in the upper and bottom parts of the two lids. Also inside the box are cards containing posters for the film in five different countries.<br />The film, like most of the European Westerns of the 1960s, was critically disregarded in its day. The New York Times said of it: &quot;the most expensive, pious, and repellent movie in the history of its peculiar genre. There is scarcely a moment's respite from the pain.&quot; It's amazing how people missed the brilliance of this movie, which turned Western conventions upside down in such a wonderfully bizarre, European way. Now the film is considered a classic, and only Sergio Leone's own &quot;Once Upon a Time in the West&quot; (another great 2 DVD set, by the way) has more respect in the genre. Leone's strange style -- stretched out time, obsession with close-ups and extreme wide-shots, focus on rituals, and use of Morricone's wild and avant-garde score -- are all in full force in this tale of three treasure-seekers searching for a cache of gold coins on the Texas-New Mexico border during the Civil War. The implacable and unflappable 'hero' Blondie (Clint Eastwood), the crazy comic bandit Tuco (Eli Wallach), and the calculating immoral sadist Angel Eyes (Lee Van Cleef) cross each other's paths amidst the senseless violence of the war. Leone perfectly contrasts the self-interested men with thegreater backdrop of the tragedy of war. It's a strangely emotionally affecting picture despite its focus on three men who are detached from normal society and seem not to care about anything but money.  So many individual scenes stand out for their virtuosity that the movie a parade of &quot;greatest hits.&quot; Most astonishing of all is &quot;The Ecstasy of Gold&quot; sequence where Tuco dashes madly through a cemetery, looking for the grave that might hold the gold. Morricone's music here is especially overwhelming.<br />Chances are you've seen the film and love it. What about the new scenes and the extras?<br />Nineteen minutes of footage have been restored that were never shown in the American prints. The scenes integrate perfectly into the film, and after seeing them once, you won't be able to imagine they were ever missing. Among the scenes are Angel Eyes visiting a destroyed fort; Tuco hiring bandits to help him chase Blondie; Blondie and Angel Eyes having a face-to-face when they first set out together to find the gold; and some extra conversation between Tuco and Blondie in the desert. However, these scenes were never dubbed into English in the 1960s. Therefore, the DVD producers had to newly dub them. Eli Wallach and Clint Eastwood do their own voices. An actor named Simon Prescott does the imitation of the deceased Lee Van Cleef. Admittedly, Wallach and Eastwood no longer sound the same, but I couldn't imagine someone else imitating their voices -- it couldn't have been done any other way. Prescott is pretty good as Angel Eyes, if a bit more gravelly.<br />The extras...<br />Disc 1 has audio commentary by Richard Shickel, a film historian who wrote Eastwood's biography and also did commentary on Leone's &quot;Once Upon a Time in America&quot; DVD. His comments can be pretty dry, and he focuses mostly on Leone's style and techniques instead of on background information on the filming itself. Nonetheless, there are many interesting insights, and Shickel manages to say a lot during the three-hour running time.<br />Most of the extras are on Disc 2:<br />&quot;Leone's West&quot; -- A 20-minute documentary about the making of the film. Includes interviews with Shickel, producer Alberto Grimaldi, author of the English dialogue Mickey Knox, and best of all, Eastwood and Wallach. There's some very interesting info and memories here, mostly from Knox and the two actors.<br />&quot;The Leone Style&quot; -- A 23-minute documentary, really just an extension of the first one. It spends more time on Leone's unusual techniques. The same interviewees appear here.<br />&quot;The Man Who Lost the Civil War&quot; -- A 14-minute documentary that was produced separately from the DVD. It makes no mention of the movie, but is about its historical backdrop: the disastrous General Sibley campaign in Texas. Sibley appears in the film briefly, and this short documentary gives the viewer an important insight into the world of Blondie, Tuco, and Angel Eyes.<br />&quot;Reconstructing The Good, the Bad and the Ugly&quot; -- An 11 minute look into the painstaking work involved with fixing the picture and sound, restoring the cut scenes, and re-dubbing it.<br />&quot;Il Maestro: Ennio Morricone&quot; -- 8 minutes; mostly an interview with music scholar John Burlingame about the film's score. At the end of the feature, you can choose to listen to an audio-only twelve-minute lecture by Burlingame that provides a much more in-depth analysis of the music.<br />&quot;Deleted Scenes&quot; -- Two scenes couldn't go back into the film. The extended torture scene had a damaged negative, so here it is in its rougher state. An apparently lost scene is reconstructed through text, stills, and clips from the French trailer.<br />Finally, there's a gallery of posters, the original trailer, and MGM tossing in some gratuitous advertising for their other films.<br />Don't miss this DVD. Not only is it one of the great action films and one the great westerns, but it's the kind of release that the DVD format was invented for!
B0001NBMBC|5.0|Being a Slipknot fan since the s/t album came out, I have been loving everything they have done. This of course includes the bands latest album, Vol 3: The Subliminal Verses. Slipknot has matured, which can't be said for it's fans. Being a fan of Metallica, I have seen that band go the wrong way. Slipknot on the other hand has gone the right way by mixing things up on this new album. Has Stone Sour done something to Corey? I think so, but it hasn't made Slipknot into Stone Sour. Im not going to be one of those fans who say &quot;Ive been a fan since Mate Feed Kill Repeat, and they changed so much&quot;. Hey fool, Mate Feed Kill Repeat was very different from the bands s/t album. Corey wasn't even in the band for starters. I mean come on people, yeah Slipknot doesn't curses in this album and they bust out a few slow songs. Get over it! It is some great stuff from a great band. Now I know there are some METHUL FANS who give this album one star because they are jerks, so let me just say that is pretty sad. Call me a maggot &quot;nu metal&quot; kid while I have bands like In Flames, Cannibal Corpse, Children of Bodom, Vader, Slayer, Dream Theater, Iron Maiden, Exodus ect. in my CD collection. This is just the thoughts of an all around music fan, more importantly a
B00006I53S|5.0|This is the best zoom lens you'll find that's not in the &quot;L&quot; series. <br />The image stabilization is definitely worth the extra money over 3rd party lenses in this range w/out IS, making the lens more useful past the 70mm mark--no tripod or other support needed. <br />Great picture quality accross the entire wide-to-telephoto range means you won't have to take extra lenses along on most trips.<br />Spend another $70 to pair this lens with a prime 50mm F/1.8 (if you don't have one already) for indoor/low-light portraits, and these two lenses will cover pretty much any photo you'll ever want to take in the mid-range focal lengths. Add an EF 100-300 f/3.5-5.6 USM or EF 70-200 f/4L USM and you're all set.
B00005AFMT|5.0|Vraiment, Discipline est un disque solide. Il n'y a aucun maillon faible dans ce premier enregistrement du Crimson des annes 80. Le son gnral est extrmement groovy pour la plupart des tounes (except Matte Kudasai, une balade superbement chante par Adrian Belew). L'instrumental The Sheltering Sky (une premire utilisation des Soundscapes pour Fripp avec King Crimson) est... arien! C'est le seul mot qui me vient  l'esprit. Les 5 autres sont vraiment excellentes (Thela Hun Ginjeet et Discipline crent la dpendance! soyez-en avertis :)) En bref, un album pratiquement parfait mettant en vedette un groupe vraiment &quot;tight&quot; d'excellents musiciens.
B00000099Y|5.0|Let me start off by saying this is my most favorite album of all time. I have been listening to Tool for years and from the dark, yet beautiful &quot;Stinkfist&quot; all the way to the epic &quot;Third Eye&quot;, this album moves me more than any other C.D. I have ever heard. I am a hardcore Tool fan, owning all five(counting Salival) of their CD's.If you like creative bands like the Deftones or Slipknot, then you may want to check out Tool's AEnima. The lyrics are stunning and the music fits well with Maynards voice. As you can tell in the very first review, I am not the only one whose life has been changed by this excellent Work of Art and maybe yours could be too.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|This film is definetly not overrated. There is a reason why it's 2003's most acclaimed film and why you SHOULD BUY THIS DVD.<br />The first time I saw it I rolled my eyes and thought OVERRATED. Then I saw it for two for times and, like with most great films, the beauty came out. <br />I though first overrated because what's the deal about this friendship (Scarlett and Bill's), what's so great about it? It's because it's not really about a great friendship and all that. It's about just friendship and how great it is to find it when you're LOST and ALONE. That's why it's deeper than anything else this year; it's not about LUST or LOVE. It's just the fact a friendship can work w/o really anything in common with these people. That's why in the trailer it says FRIENDSHIP needs no TRANSLATION. Hence, Lost In Translation.<br />The soundtrack is great and PERFECT. Superbly acted too by Murray and Johansson. The ending will shatter your heart, too.<br />Kudos to Coppola for a magnificent film. A film you'll love and cherish.
0385510438|4.0|I haven't read ALL of Grisham's work.  I read The Firm, Pelican Brief, and a Time to Kill when they first came out.  My favorite of the three was a Time to Kill.  I don't remember it in detail now.  I just remember it being a slower pace read than the Firm.  I liked it because you had time to get involved with the characters and it described race relations which I found interesting.  Don't get me wrong, I loved the Firm too, but it was all action.  In between reading those first stories and this book, I have read a few other Grisham novels.  I thought Runaway Jury was intersting.  Some of the other novels didn't do much for me.  Anyhow, this book isn't as good as a Time to Kill, but I feel it has some of the same elements: slow pace and race relations.  The main character isn't someone you love or hate...he is really just there to describe events and some of the interesting personalities that are around in the south in the '70's.  For those who enjoyed a Time to Kill a lot, then you will enjoy this one, just not as much.  For those who REALLY liked the Firm and didn't enjoy a Time to Kill so much, then you probably won't love this book.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|This film is definetly not overrated. There is a reason why it's 2003's most acclaimed film and why you SHOULD BUY THIS DVD.<br />The first time I saw it I rolled my eyes and thought OVERRATED. Then I saw it for two for times and, like with most great films, the beauty came out. <br />I though first overrated because what's the deal about this friendship (Scarlett and Bill's), what's so great about it? It's because it's not really about a great friendship and all that. It's about just friendship and how great it is to find it when you're LOST and ALONE. That's why it's deeper than anything else this year; it's not about LUST or LOVE. It's just the fact a friendship can work w/o really anything in common with these people. That's why in the trailer it says FRIENDSHIP needs no TRANSLATION. Hence, Lost In Translation.<br />The soundtrack is great and PERFECT. Superbly acted too by Murray and Johansson. The ending will shatter your heart, too.<br />Kudos to Coppola for a magnificent film. A film you'll love and cherish.
006072448X|2.0|Although this was an extremely well written book, I just could not like the protagonist, Eva Khatchadourian.  She remains cold and indifferent to her son Kevin, born April 11, 1983.  Her treatment of Kevin was deplorable.<br /><br />Probelms with Kevin are evident from the start.  He insists on wearing diapers until he is six; he willfully destroys property and he has no attachments to anything or anybody.  Why he was not in therapy is a mystery to me.<br /><br />Eva's long suffering husband Franklin tries to take logic where it had never been with Eva.  He chewed her out for blaming Kevin for everything that went wrong in their home and in Kevin's class; he rightfully challenged her by saying, \\"Kevin doesn't play right, meaning the way YOU did.  He doesn't treat the toys YOU make him like museum pieces.  He doesn't pat YOU on the back every time he learns to spell a new word.\\"  Way to go, Franklin!  I thought he was right.  Eva was for Eva and nobody else.<br /><br />I did not like Eva or her teaching approach, which I found self serving and felt it served her right that Kevin learned to read, count and add in secret without her.  I also felt it served her right when he disposed of her handmade toys.  Her efforts were really more for her and not for Kevin.<br /><br />Several things bothered me.  I never understood why Eva, upset at Kevin for allegedly enticing a kindergarten classmate to scratch her eczema encrusted skin never questioned him directly.  Why Eva and the teacher didn't question the children is a mystery to me.  Why Franklin, understandably upset with Eva for accusing Kevin of enticing the other child into scratching herself never asked Kevin about it sounded equally remiss to me.<br /><br />I also didn't understand why neither parent asked local sitters why they refused to stay with Kevin a second time or ask the neighborhood mothers why they created a play group deliberately excluding Kevin.<br /><br />When Kevin's sister Celia was born in 1991, he stepped up his malicious behavior.  He ties her to her booster seat and forces her to eat inedible concoctions; he binds and gags her in a game of \\"kidnapping.\\"  Celia was clingy and docile to a fault.  I wondered why neither parent offered her more protection and found that stupidly remiss.  Celia's character was implausible and was too contrived as a contrast to Kevin.<br /><br />I admit that I didn't like Celia and was annoyed with her clinginess and weird fears, but I was even more disgusted with Eva's view of her as being \\"worse than nothing\\" as a military ally.  Eva was at war with the world and was a truly odious character.  I would not want to know someone like Eva.<br /><br />When Kevin allegedly puts out Celia's eye with a caustic fluid in February of 1998, I could not understand why Eva would leave her in the same house with Kevin.  I felt that was the height of dangerous and asinine irresponsibility.<br /><br />Kevin's twisted pathology culminates in a devastating act of violence on April 8, 1999.  One can only wonder what forces shaped and created Kevin.her to her booster seat and forces her to eat inedible concoctions; he binds and gags her in a game of \\"kidnapping.\\"  Celia was clingy and docile to a fault.  I wondered why neither parent offered her more protection and found that stupidly remiss.  Celia's character was implausible and was too contrived as a contrast to Kevin.      I admit that I didn't like Celia and was annoyed with her clinginess and weird fears, but I was even more disgusted with Eva's view of her as being \\"worse than nothing\\" as a military ally.  Eva was at war with the world and was a truly odious character.  I would not want to know someone like Eva.      When Kevin allegedly puts out Celia's eye with a caustic fluid in February of 1998, I could not understand why Eva would leave her in the same house with Kevin.  I felt that was the height of dangerous and asinine irresponsibility.      Kevin's twisted pathology culminates in a devastating act of violence on April 8, 1999.  One can only wonder what forces shaped and created Kevin.
B00005RDAF|1.0|please stay far away from this lousy babe and her cd's and dvd's.this dvd is bad beyond description and is not recommended at all.no stars.
B00000JCOV|5.0|Hey im only gonna write a few sentences im a black dude and i like slipknot thats how hott thier music is this album is no exeption
B0000DD7LB|1.0|I JUST CANNOT COMPREHEND HOW ANYONE CAN MAKE SUCH AN AWFUL ALBUM.THIS CD IS ONE OF THE WORST RELEASES OF THIS MILLENIUM ALONG WITH JUSTIN'S CD. LOUSY SONGS LIKE TOXIC AND BOOM BOOM WILL MAKE YOU ILL.NOT RECOMMENDED.AVOID AT ALL COSTS.MINUS TEN STARS.
B00008EY9G|5.0|You've all read the synopsis so I won't bother.  Initially I was ready to turn it off ... the jumping from character to character, well, I'm just not as good as I used to be at figuring out quick scene changes, flashbacks and things that don't seem to connect.  I'm glad I stuck it out.  This was truly a great mystery thriller with fine acting, twists and turns, a unique story line, and while I would have preferred a different end, all in all this was a fine film and I recommend seeing it.
B000002LQR|5.0|This is THE RHCP album of all time, from the power of equality all the way to Theyre red hot you get all from funk to hip hop.<BR>Burbling rap from Anthony, funky bass lines (no slap) from Flea, John olso very funky guitar playing and ofcourse Chad the drummer of all drummers. The best song: Sir psycho sexy. <BR>The baddest one:Breaking the girl, but still a good song.
B00005JMJ4|1.0|Possibly the most overrated film of this or any era (except maybe &quot;Gone with the Wind&quot;). It's called pacing Sofia, you might want to look into it, since &quot;Virgin Suicides&quot; is just as dull.
B0000C1733|4.0|Personal i think that RHCP is the best ever, but when a band that has played since the start of the 80s and have so many good and incredible tracks of their career, i dont get why they release a greatest hits with numbers from mothers milk up to by the way, they totally ignore the fact that they have released 3 very good albums before mothers milk.<BR>But here is my review track by track:<br />1:under the bridge 9/10: A very beatiful song and one of the best songs, but you dont start a rhcp compilation with under the bridge, rather give it away or something.<br />2:give it away 10/10: One of my favorite songs, very cool.<br />3:Californiacation 8/10: A great song<br />4:Scar tissue 8/10: Another great song<br />5:Soul to squeeze 9/10: The coolest thing about this album is that they have put this song on it.<br />6:Otherside 10/10: One of my favourite song, anthony sings very well in this song (like always)<br />7:Suck my kiss 9/10: This song captures what they do best:Rap, kick-ass bass, hard guitar and pounding drums.<br />8:By the way 8/10: I like By the way very much (the album) and the fact that they only put on 2 songs from BTW really pisses me off, its great album and a great song.<br />9:Parallel universe 7/10: A ok song<br />10:Breaking the girl 6/10: My least favourite on this album<br />11:My friends 9/10: Only one song from One hot minute that olso pisses me off, but my friends is a great so i can live with it.<br />12:Higher ground 11/10: The best song on the entire album, i cant stop freaking when im listing to this one.<br />13:Universally speaking 6/10: annoying song, but ok.<br />14:Road trippin 10/10: A beatiful song, with a lot of heart. <br />15:Fortune faded 8/10: A new song and what a song, very cool.<br />16:Save the population 9/10: Another new song and olso really great. <br />I would have given it 6 stars if they have used RHCP, freaky styley and The uplift mofo party plan and more numbers from By the way and one hot minutes and take away universally speaking. <br />Thats all folks. Greetings from Denmark.
B00003CXA6|5.0|This movie has a star studed cast with names like Martin Sheen who plays a very good Rober E. Lee. Tom Berenger plays the role of the unsure James Lonfstreet. Not to mention Jeff Daniels playing the part of Joshua Chamberlain who leads a bayonet charge down Little Round Top. There are many other characters such as Sam Elliot as General Buford. With great music, acting, and the greatest battle secenes this makes for one hack of a movie!
B0001CCXZW|5.0|What a wonderful first season set... this charming show is a great buy!
0812550706|5.0|If you haven't read the book yet, you have two years to do so, as the Ender's Game movie is slated to be in theatres within the year of 2006; otherwise, you will be labeled as one of those people who read the book after you saw the movie, which is of course oh so not cool to the people who wear the buddy holly glasses.  Nonetheless, you should read the book anyway as it is a very forward thinking story, upholding such a simple premise: we value children we raise and how we raise them, as they are the future of human society.<BR>-<BR>  The book seems well liked by males, even more liked by gifted children, as the book focuses a lot on the woes that gifted children, the children that will create the future, face while growing up.<BR>-<BR>  Even today's kids could relate to Ender and his schoolmates as they battle on their rotating space station that lies near the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter; normal kids today might not have to play battle games in null gravity, but they do undergo the same stress.  Whether it's between them and schoolmates, parents, tests, team sports or hormones, the average kid is always in a battle... struggling with their own game.<BR>-<BR>  Ender's Game is not the one played in the battle-rooms, but the one he struggles with every day, it's his life; though, his life is not just any, it's the life of a person who holds the lives of others in his hands.  More than science fiction, Ender's Game philosophizes what could happen if our future, our children, understood how much of humanities fate lied in their hands.<BR>-<BR>  It will be interesting to see how much of the book's premise will be illustrated on celluloid, but nonetheless, the movie will surely be delivered with a high emphasis on special effects, action, general production design and star power.  After you read Ender's Game, consider Ender's Shadow, as the film will be a hybrid of both books.  I have been awaiting the announcement of this movie for years, I can't wait to be the first nerd in line.
B00005JKES|5.0|I am giving this five stars because it is simply the greatest television ever created.  Dazzlingly original, visually mesmerizing, and funny as hell, this is David Lynch at his absolute best, and that is saying a lot.  Sure, the series ran out of steam somewhere in its second season, but the first season remains the only television show I put everything else on hold for so I could watch. I doubt we will ever see such creativity on the tube again.<br />Having said all that, I was indeed shocked to find that the pilot was not included with this set.  Yeah, you can get it now in an inferior transfer, but that is not the point.  The pilot is essential to the first season. <br />If you have never seen this, or attempted vainly to &quot;get into it&quot; when it was first shown because you started in the middle, this is your chance to see what all the buzz was about.  Get the pilot, get this set, and discover television nirvana.
B0000AOV85|4.0|.<BR>This DVD for me is what an interview with a band should be about. <br />I've gotten so tired of seeing shows about bands that are simply about the dirt and gossip of their torrid lives.  <BR>Any Floyd fans know that there is plenty of that stuff about this band that could be rehashed.  <br />Thankfully, this DVD is nothing about that.  <br />It is about the actual Nuts and Bolts of putting together one of the most classic albums of the century, 'Dark Side of the Moon'.  It was really great to see Alan Parsons at the mixing board showing us, in front the camera, what he actually did to mix it. (Alan Parsons, 'Turn of the Friendly Card' also one of my favorite ablums. Which also, oddly enough, includes a song called 'Time') <br />I found the interviews with the members of the band to be quite down to earth and honest. <BR>Even Roger Waters whom many gripe as 'pretentious', seemed very warm and likeable. <BR>I was impressed by their love for music and the desire for it to be a quality product. <br />In a time where it seems that music is only created as a product on an automobile assembly line to make the most money. <BR>Roger Waters talking about how he wanted 'Money' to have kind of having a bluesy kind of feel and not all, &quot;prissy and English&quot;.<BR>Richard Wright's thoughtful creation of his chord progressions and the fact that he seemed to have a genuine love for the music himself was refreshing.  <BR>David Gilmour's recreation of his famous guitar solos was a joy to watch as well.  <BR>I would have liked to see some clips of Nick Mason in the studio.<br />I hope this type of documentary becomes the standard of future music documentaries. Leaving out the gossip and putting in the musical creativity.
B0001Z53AQ|4.0|ok if you love the song my band or if that's your favorite song on this cd you shouldn't be allowed to listen to rap again.  The song is ok, but it ain't that great.  This is a great cd, nice beats and good lyrics too.  Don't buy this cd for \\"my band\\" that's an insult.  The better songs include: git up, loyalty, d12 world, the bizarre solo track, 40 oz is one of the better songs, how come the best song, bitch, good die young, keep talking, and 6 in the morning.  All the other songs i don't really care for or they are just average to me.  The skits are pretty good too.  There's my review...it's the truth
B0000028RR|5.0|I could not estimate the amount of times that i've listened to this freakin cd.  Its too bad RAGE isn't a band anymore, because i really wished i could have seen them live.
B0001LNN5W|5.0|Yo D-12 is hot, D-12 brought into the rap game that other rappers didnt have the balls to.  Take it from a true hip hop fan. This CD is hot. I like the first album better but that does'nt mean this CD isnt good. It's definitely worth the money and the time. Don't listen to haters like those above that don't have any other reason not to like this album other than their jealousy. You can not like this album but please my people don't hate on their talent. Holla!
B00004SCX6|1.0|ok, her first album wasn't that good. I'm kidding. The first one was a crap, too! she's been a singer(or a dancer)for about 5 yrs. and she hasn't improved at all. yeah, one thing has improved(?) that her music videos have gotten dirtier dirtier.<BR>oh, no. Britney, please stop making CRAPS!
B000063DFN|5.0|ok at first i never gave Maiden a chance i just did take the time to listen to them, so i said that i hated them, but then one day my friend was over and had this cd(i had seen it with him before but never did listen to it) i wondered if i was good so i put it in my stero and pushed play after the first song i realized that Maiden was kick ass so i went out and bought this cd which has become on of my favorites along with BNW and SSOASS
B0001MDQ2G|5.0|This cd is a truely epic musical experiance taking the listener through a number of varying music styles and atmospheres. This a concept album about union and peace between 3 nations, and the music style greatly fits the story. The music is executed flawlessly, and for those of you who are not a fan of religious musical aspects need not worry for two reasons. 1) there isnt much religion involved 2) the music is so good you wont care. I for one am not a fan of bands such as Neal Moorse as i find the religious aspects to dominant and quite frankly annoying, however i did not have this problem with this cd whatsoever. If you are looking for a different and moving musical experiance purchase this cd. You wont be dissapointed!!
B00006RINF|5.0|Let me start by letting you, the reader, know what kind of music I enjoy. Here's a short list of the bands I've followed over the last 20+ years....    Iron Maiden / Judas Priest / Rush / Fates Warning / Queensryche / Savatage / Metallica / Forbidden / Opeth / Death / Carcass / Carnage / Entombed / Obituary / Celtic Frost / and many more of the great 80's Metal bands. Even including some of the 80's hair bands like Cinderella / Tesla / Motley Crue / and Poison. I dig good rock and roll, and those hair bands know how to rock....    \\"Comalies\\" was my introduction to Lacuna Coil. I must say I was very sceptical when I first purchaced this because I absolutely hate the \\"Nu Metal\\" bands that are coming around these days. I was afraid this was going to be one of those kinds of bands. I had never heard them before buying this, I had just read great things about them....    The only female vocalists I ever really liked was D. Pesche {Warlock} / G. Stephani {No Doubt} / Pat Benetar / and the Wilson sisters {Heart}. I'll tell you one thing, Lucuna Coil's Cristina Scabbia has one of the best female vocalist I've ever heard. She's not only a total fox, but she's got a great voice that fits perectly with what Lacuna Coil does....    \\"Comalies\\" is an epic masterpiece IMO. It's no wonder this band is quickly becoming one of the most popular, and respected Metal acts around. They raised the bar very high here, and there is not one song that isn't a masterpiece. I simply love every second of \\"Comalies\\"....    It's a very haunting sound, mixed with explosive, crutching riffs and atmospheric vocals. They blend it all together to provide one haunting experience. It's one of the coolest sounds I've ever heard, and it's on the cutting edge of Metal and it's previous boundaries. Not many, if any bands are as daring as Launa Coils with their sound, and it's a wonderful listen from start to finish. The best band I've heard in a very long time...    Can't wait to hear what they come up withnext. Huge things are certainlt in store for Lacuna Coil, and they're well on their way to super stardom after releasing \\"Comalies\\"....    PS. Buy everything they've released. You can thank me later...
0783226837|5.0|What a rare treat to have comedy and horror blended together so amazingly well!  This movie takes a standard thriller plot (small group of colorful characters becomes trapped by monsters and must work together and use their heads to figure out how to escape) and makes it seem brand-new.  The rapport between the cast members--Bacon and Ward in particular--beautifully serves an already tight script.  This movie has it all:  drama, excitement, laughs, creativity, scares, and yes, even our hero's search for a good woman.  Don't be put off by the fact that it co-stars Michael Gross and Reba McIntyre... their characters are two of the most enjoyable in the movie!  As survivalists with somewhat itchy trigger fingers, the mere concept of these two characters could have easily plunged the movie into stupidity.  But this is no inane shoot-'em-up flick.  The direction and script are smart, and they don't let us down.  Buy &quot;Tremors.&quot;  It's a blast.  You won't regret it.  I promise.  If you don't love it, come find me and I will personally call you a moron.
0374115370|3.0|Yes, the plot drives itself.  <br />Yes, the chracterizations are often vivid, entertaining, and thought-provoking.<br />Yes, the style and  is agreeable and never too inconsistent with any given character at hand.<br />Yes, Wolfe shows and conveys his knowldge of the socio-economic stratums of America in  book form.  His insights into the relations between these groups and within them is noteworthy.  He's well-travelled. <br />But, the novel is essentially nihilistic - yes, grandly and lavaciously nihilistic, but nonetheless nihilistic. <br />It is also too long. The writing helps justify the length, but the plot, the wonderfully simple plot does not!  <br />And I'm not one for &quot;gender studies&quot; but the depiction of women in this novel is weak, marginal, and miserable.<br />I don't feel as if I wasted my time reading Bonfire( I skipped over the depressing last fity pages) but I feel Mr. Wolfe might have wasted some of his talent.  <br />And what of the loose ends of seemingly important side-plots.  It smacks of the dissappointment, I felt after reading his  &quot;A Man in Full.&quot;  So much story, so little ending.  <br />It's well worth the read, and is a modern classic, but some classics have flaws (like the times in which they are based) and they bring down this novel.  <br />It at least brought me a little down.
B000060P79|1.0|Simple plan does not deserve to be called punk it is crappy pop.If you like REAL punk I do not suggest this cd, but if you are one of those media buffs you should buy it and hit yourself a couple times wile your at it for me.
B0001AVZA8|5.0|Boy did I love this film!! I needed a good laugh...and I found myself with a stitch in my side from laughter. I also found a few unexpected tears in my eyes. There are definitely poignant moments here. But then, I happen to be a woman &quot;of a certain age&quot; so perhaps I really related. Diane Keaton, Jack Nicholson, a superb supporting cast and writer-director Nancy Meyers have provided entertainment at its best with &quot;Something's Gotta Give.&quot; (I hate the movie's title, though. Surely someone could have come up with something more apt and original).<br />Harry Sanborn, (Nicholson), a 63 year-old music industry mogul, is a renowned bachelor who prefers his women under 30 and gorgeous. He is allergic to commitment - the word is not even in his vocabulary. Erica Barry is a 50-something divorcee and a super successful playwright. Her daughter, 20-something Marin, (lovely Amanda Peet), brings her latest lover (Sanborn), to their Hamptons summer home for the weekend and  - Surprise(!) - finds Mommy home too. The interaction and verbal sparring between the 4, (including Aunt Zoe, played by Frances McDormand as Keaton's feminist sister), is a riot. Unfortunately Harry's hard living catches up with him during this, of all weekends, and he has a heart attack. Keaton saves him with mouth-to-mouth resuscitation. And hunky Dr. Julian Mercer (Keanu Reeves) forces him to remain at the Barry home to recuperate. Then the fun really begins.<br />The combination of Diane Keaton and Jack Nicholson is an absolute joyous one. Two great actors, with plenty of chemistry between them, are at their best - they sizzle! As do Keanu Reeves and Keaton. She gets all the great guys...deservedly so. The script is witty, the dialogue is acerbic...and tender at times. The characters have depth and room to grow - which they certainly do. There may be some weak moments - the ending is slightly schmaltzy, but I loved it anyway and wouldn't have wanted it any other way.<br />So, if you're in the mood for a good flick that will make you laugh and touch your heart - this is the one. Highly recommended!<br />JANAn the mood for a good flick that will make you laugh and touch your heart - this is the one. Highly recommended!<BR>JANA
B0001NBMBC|5.0|Usually I prefer to write a few paragraphs to summarise an album, but this album is so diverse and there is so much to be said I have to do a song by song review.  I just want to say I don't get why people say slipknot mellowed out, every song excluding circle, vermilion 2, prelude, and danger - keep away are just as hard if not MORE hard than their previous efforts.  <br />I think it's safe to say they've become even more heavy listening to pulse of the maggots and welcome comparing them to Gently and Wait and bleed.  Anyway, heres my song by song review.<br />1. Prelude 3.0 2/5-I always skip this.  It's like a longer version of the other intros of the other slipknot cd's (aka horrible)<BR>2. Blister Exists 5/5-Much like old slipknot, the drumming bit from joey where corey eventually adds his screaming is amazing, this is very hard and perhaps more hard than some of their earlier efforts.<BR>3. Three Nil 4/5-Sounds a lot like old slipknot too, very heavy and good song.  Proves to all the idiots saying corey can't scream anymore that he can.<BR>4. Duality 5/5-I didn't like this at first, but it grew on me.  Super wicked song.<BR>5. Opium of the People 5/5-Reminds me of My Plague when he starts singing ''I won't give another soul to you.'' I love it when there is heavy music in the background but the singer sings really well accompanying the heavy music, so I love this song.  They do that a lot on this CD which is nice, but they do it the best on this song.  This is probably my favourite song.<BR>6. Circle 5/5-This is where the first surprise came in, I heard the very beggining before the acoustic came in and thought it was gonna build up, then I heard acoustic guitars and I thought that slipknot wouldnt be able to do it.  I was very wrong, coreys a great singer.<BR>7. Welcome 5/5-Drumming at the beggining is amazing, this is probably slipknot's heaviest song ever.  It's an explosion of a song.<BR>8. Vermilion 5/5-OMG what an awesome song.  The effect I was talking about in opium of the people really shines when he sings ''I won't let this build up inside of me.''<BR>9. Pulse of The Maggots 5/5-Sort of like an anthem, very nice song and pretty heavy.  Easily better than some of slipknots earlier works.  2nd favourite song on album.<BR>10. Before I Forget 5/5-Totally awesome song.  That's all there is to say, more melodic than their other works, which is good.<BR>11. Vermilion Pt. 2 5/5-I love this, the singing is top-notch and its just amazing.<BR>12. The Nameless 1/5-Ugh.. I hate this song.<BR>13. The Virus Of Life 5/5-Prosthetics Vol 2: (The sequel that surpassed)<BR>14. Danger - Keep Away 6/5-Usually I think it's immature and stupid to rate higher than the max, but this song is a 5, and how underrated it is adds a mark to it.  This is an amazing song, and totally underrated, although its only my 3rd favourite song on the album the way people just say ''yeh it's an ok song'' instead of ''WOW AMAZING!!'' astounds me.  This is great, I really like it a lot.<br />So overall, a really good album that most of you need to open your eyes to.  You say ''omg they've gone soft'' but really theres only 4 songs on this that are out of the ordinary.
0440237688|5.0|I read this book as an assignment for a children's literature class.  This book really kept my attention simply because of how odd it is.  It's odd, but interestingly odd.  Lois Lowry does a good job at keeping the mystery going.  She gives you clues all over the place so you can solve the mystery as you go.  It was masterfully written.  It also is full of topics to talk about, such as communism, abortion, euthenasia, etc.  It is a good book to get people thinking.
B00004Z459|5.0|People probably think this is the only cd I own. I listen to it all the time. <BR>Some people just don't get how rap is rap and rock is rock. If you like rap, no, you probably aren't going to like the punk rock music and lyrics of Linkin Park. But if you'r looking for this kind of stuff, you've found it.<BR>Since you can get it pretty cheap, (I got it for 12.99) I would even recommend that, if you're familiar with Linkin Park, simply buy it!
0140954007|5.0|Did you know that the wolf is really innocent?  He just had a cold.  This book can be a good introduction to the concept of two sides to every story.  It's creative and enjoyable to read.
B000060P79|3.0|DO NOT, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, MISTAKE SIMPLE PLAN FOR PUNK ROCK! <BR>A lot of the songs are boppy and whiny like 'Addicted' and 'Perfect', though 'I'm Just A Kid' is a pretty good song. But, still, it's not worth buying for one song. <BR>If I had to decide whether Simple Plan is more on a  Linkin Park (my all time favorite), or Aaron Carter (my all time favorite....when I was six) speed, I'm sorry, but I would have to say Aaron Carter.<BR>Rent it first.
1400031087|3.0|i've never been addicted to crack, but after reading \\"A Million Little Pieces\\" by James Frey, my body felt addicted...addicted to something. like a teenage boy afraid of being discovered by his mother while reading a porno magazine, the second i finished AMLP it left my hands. i didn't want to touch it ever again, but something within Frey's words kept my mind thinking about the book. the pace with which Frey tells his harrowing life tale of a 13 year addiction to alcohol and other drugs acts like nitrous oxide while you sit in his dentist chair. that part i'm not kidding about. your stomach will turn, body ache, and face contort as you read this book. but never in one second will you think about putting it down. you might take breaks just as a dentist would to ease the pain, but the satisfaction of finishing this book is like no other. it's a happy ending for one, but not for others and you can bet that the next time you look at yourself in the mirror it will be with honest eyes.
B00005K3OT|5.0|This movie is one of the best movies i've seen so far.I actually own the VHS versian but this movie is great and i just watch it again and again.<br />WARNING:<br />You will get hungry during the movie so be sure to have some (chocolate)with you when watching
0060922583|5.0|It's a fact that throughout history, open and daring minds have been creating a better understanding of the world we live in, many times shocking the scientific community and public. That is the case with this book. For instance, Can you see reality as a holographic illusion? Now, picture yourself as a hologram in that holographic illusion.   <br />I have to say that some ideas in this book are daring but as I kept reading they confirmed many of my own thoughs and feelings; Yes, a few chapters shocked me, but above all, this book answered many doubts on the questions: Can we create our own reality or reality creates us? and most important: how and why?<br />My suggestion is: Buy it and read it. Although is not for everybody, this book is for readers who want to understand with intelligence and open-mindedness, new perspectives of their individual reality and a reality as an &quot;everything&quot;.<br />The research, the information and the way it's explained makes it a provocative and very interesting easy-to-read book.<br />Congratulations Mr. Talbot.
B000002H6C|5.0|Now, before I am Lynched for writing that this Kills South of Heaven, let me just say, that compared to everything else out of the time, MetallicA were just light years ahead. Dyer's Eve is a great song, as a matter of fact, every song is great. This was MetallicA's last great album.
B00009UW0N|5.0|John Carpenter's Halloween is perhaps the most brilliant horror film in the history of cinema. What makes this movie so impressive is the fact that the the filmmakers constructed such an excellent film with such few resources. It is guarunteed to make sleep with the lights on. This DVD in particular is especially good because of the special features. The documentaries are as much fun to watch as the film itself. It most definately worth the buy even if you have never seen it.
0385510438|5.0|While I always love John Grisham's style, I think The Last Juror contains one of his better plots.  The characters and setting of Floyd County, Mississippi in the 1970's are both fascinating and real.  More goes on in this small town than you would expect: murder, bribery, conspiracy, segregation, and real desegregation.  The race issues are realistic and intricately described but the main story, that of the town's attempts to bring to justice a killer protected by his powerful family, is never overshadowed.
B000002VQQ|5.0|Ive always thought Patti Smith was a genius.Maybe thats because she wrote such a unique version of Land Of A Thousand Dances and made it her own thing as well as Gloria or maybe its because she is simply a great songwriter.Whatever the reason Horses as well as Easter are my favorite songs ever done by a female singer.Yeah some might put me in a better mood such as Alanis but none that Ive heard write this good.There are female poets that are better at writing poetry but none that can write such good songs.The title track is about suicide but its also surreal and bizarre how she makes it sound like this is somehow sexually attractive.Yeah its pretty disturbing but I like it anyway.The Who cover is classic punk.Shes so cool and I play this record all the time.Enough for now go out and buy it.
0385335482|3.0|Not my genre but I found it a very quick, light read.  The characters seem a bit forgettable and sketchy but the situations are entertaining.  For a deeper read along the same lines, try \\"The Devil Wears Prada\\" by Lauren Weisberger.
B00004T9UF|1.0|I cannot believe that so many people are giving this cd 5 stars.Whats so good about it?Its crap plain and simple.Why are there so many people that support such a hateful mysogynistic bastard?Is it because they like to be disturbed? I just cant see it.I believe it is truly sad that anyone would feel this way. I mean get some frickin therapy already.Anyone can see this guys got some serious mental problems.Why would you support the rantings of such a confused,hateful and frightened man?I believe that this album is pure garbage and theres so much better stuff you can listen to then this.This is truly bottom of the barrel crap.Nuff said.
B000056HUA|5.0|[LE NOUVEAU REMIX SURROUND 5.1]<BR>En dcembre 2000, soit 29 ans aprs la sortie du vinyle original, Bruce Brotnik (galement producteur des Beach Boys et d'Aerosmith) a remasteris et spatialis sur 6 canaux (caisson de grave inclus) son enregistrement analogique 8 pistes original pour produire un nouveau master numrique au format &quot;Advanced Resolution&quot; (pour &quot;Haute Rsolution&quot; sonore).<br />[LE SON DVD-AUDIO]<BR>Pour dcrire cette nouvelle dition il est ncessaire de rvler ce qui se cache derrire l'&quot;Advanced Resolution&quot;. L'&quot;A.R.&quot; est donc la norme officielle du DVD-A, un nouveau codage virtuellement &quot;non-compress&quot; et haut-dbit, bien suprieur aux 4 codages actuellement utiliss sur le DVD-Vido (MPEG-2, Dolby Digital, DTS ou L-PCM). Baptis &quot;MLP&quot; pour &quot;Meridian Lossless Packing&quot; (soit Compression &quot;virtuellement&quot; Sans-perte) le format DVD-A peut tre &quot;Surround&quot; (&quot;Multicanaux&quot;: ncessite une paire d'enceintes frontales, une enceinte centrale, une paire d'enceintes arrires et un caisson de grave pout utiliser les 6 canaux mais il fonctionne aussi sur un systme Stro classique) ou &quot;Hi-Fi Stereo&quot; (&quot;Stro Haute-Fidelit&quot;) utilisant les canaux gauche et droite (fonctionne sur une simple paire d'enceintes).<br />[LA HAUTE RESOLUTION SONORE 96/24]<BR>Le MLP est galement dsign par l'appelation &quot;96/24&quot;, pour enregistrement au format &quot;96kHz/24-bit&quot;. Cette frquence d'chantillonnage en kHz dtermine la qualit du son. Par exemple la qualit Radiophonique est d'environ de 22,05KHz, celle du CD Audio et du MP3 (dbit trs infrieur au CD!) est de 44,1kHz/16-bit, celle du DVD-Vido est de 48kHz/16-bit (le dbit variant ici selon les formats MPEG-2 DD, DTS ou L-PCM).<br />[LES AMELIORATIONS PAR RAPPORT A LA VERSION CD]<BR>Le principal attrait de cette dition DVD-A est bien entendu le passage du son Stro  une utilisation de 6 canaux, avec ce que cela implique au niveau du ralisme: un son plus &quot;propre&quot; et prcis (enregistrement quasi identique  celui de la sance studio originale grce au MLP), les basses de la batterie sont fidlement reproduites par le caisson de grave (&quot;L.A. Woman&quot;), le son est galement plus dtaill qu'auparavant (des sons indits se distinguent  prsent ajoutant encore de la profondeur (&quot;Cars Hiss By My Window&quot;), de nouveaux effets acoustiques (6-canaux oblige!) font leur apparition comme par exemple l'orgue hypnotisant de Manzarek qui littralement &quot;entoure&quot; l'auditeur en utilisant  la fois les enceites avant et arrires (&quot;Love Her Madly&quot;) ou cet effet trs raliste d'cho qui a t ajout dans l'intro du &quot;Crawling King Snake&quot;, je vous laisse imaginer le son de l'orage le long de &quot;Riders On The Storm&quot;...<br />[LE MODE RETROCOMPATIBLE DVD-VIDEO]<BR>Mme si votre lecteur DVD Vido de salon intgre un convertisseur Numrique/Analogique 96kHZ/24-bit, hlas cela n'implique pas qu'il soit en mesure de dcoder le MLP! Seuls les modles Haut-de-Gamme rcents le sont. Pensez donc  vrifier la compatibilit DVD-A certifie de votre lecteur sur sa notice, sous peine d'tre du. Pourquoi &quot;du&quot;? Et bien tout simplement parceque vous ne pourrez avoir accs qu' une seule et unique section de votre DVD-A: le mode rtrocompatible DVD-Video! Ce mode qui permet l'utilisation du DVD-A sur n'importe lequel des lecteurs DVD-Vido de salon et DVD-Rom (avec un lecteur multimdia sur PC ou MAC) contient l'intgralit de la tracklist: les onze titres remasteriss sur 6 canaux en version Dolby Digital 5.1 (48kHz/16-bit) + une piste vido musicale cache qui elle, ncessite l'utilisation d'une TV!<br />[!]Le DVD-Audio n'tant pas compatible avec la Sony PlayStation 2, vous n'aurez peut-tre pas accs non-plus au mode DVD-Vido, exceptionnellement, sur votre PS2![!]<br />[LE MODE DVD-A]<BR>Seuls les possesseurs d'un lecteur de DVD-Audio/Video de salon peuvent profiter de l'intgralit du contenu de cette dition DVD-A qui comprend: les onze titres remasteriss sur 6 canaux en version &quot;MLP Surround&quot; (96kHz/24-bit), les onze titres remasteriss sur 2 canaux en version &quot;MLP Stro&quot; (96kHz/24-bit + le clip vido de &quot;The Changeling&quot; (au format TV 4/3, une galerie de photos des Doors, la biographie du groupe, les paroles de l'album  l'cran (en anglais)!<br />[!]Les DVD-Audios tant au format NTSC, il se peut que vous ayez une image en noir/blanc lors de l'utilisation du contenu visuel de ce DVD-A. Pour obtenir la couleur sur votre tlviseur Pal/Scam dsactivez simplement le mode &quot;AUTO&quot; ou &quot;MULTI&quot; de votre lecteur de salon pour le configurer en mode PAL. L'image NTSC sera alors convertie et vous obtiendrez la couleur sur votre TV Pal/Scam. Pour activer le mode &quot;PAL&quot; de votre lecteur DVD-Vido appuyez sur la touche &quot;P/N&quot; de la tlcommande le cas chant ou reportez-vous  son manuel d'utilisation. Reliez votre lecteur DVD  la TV par un cble pritel complet (21 broches uniquement!). Vrifiez, le cas chant, que la sortie &quot;RGB&quot; (ou &quot;RVB&quot;) du lecteur DVD est bien slectionne![!]<br />[DES ERREURS DE JEUNESSE...]<BR>Produit parmi les tout premiers DVD-A (et l'on comprend pourquoi!), ce DVD Audio comporte deux lgres imperfections au niveau du mode DVD-Vido. La premire est l'absence de version &quot;DTS Surround&quot; (6 canaux). La seconde est que tout le contenu visuel du mode DVD-A (Biographie,Galerie,Paroles,Clip) aurait pu tre prsent dans le mode rtrocompatible DVD-Vido comme c'est le cas dans les productions plus rcentes telle que &quot;Iron Maiden : Dance Of Death (DVD audio)&quot;.<br />[...MAIS UN CLASSIQUE DU BLUES/R'N'R A REDECOUVRIR!]<BR>L.A. Woman, 30 ans aprs, les 70's sont loins derrires nous mais la lgende de James Douglas Morrison demeure et demeurera 30 annes de plus. Et ce n'est certainement pas cette dition remasterise sur 6 canaux qui me fera mentir! A quand une cure de jouvence similaire pour l'album ponyme de 1967? Affaire  suivre donc...
B000003TA4|5.0|Nevermind has got to be one of my most played albums.I think the only cd I play more is Dark Side Of The Moon by Pink Floyd.Kurt may or may not have been a &quot;genius&quot; but I do believe he was brilliant.He had a great voice and a unique songwriting style and played great guitar solos.Sure they were just three chords but so what.A great solo doesnt have to be all fancy and whatnot.The solo in Come As You Are is one of the greatest in the world.I still feel sorry for Kurt Cobain but Im also angry at him for killing himself.Who wouldnt be?Suicide is never the answer no matter how messed up you are people miss you too much.I never knew Kurt personally but I was a teenager back when Nevermind came out and I was always a Nirvana fan so I always missed him and his band.Nevermind stands as their best album and everyone should have it.
B000002JKA|5.0|It seems that there are 2 kind of DT fans. The ones that love the earlier, more musical, more easy listening, works. The ones that love the totally weird, totally progressive, totally insane LTE kind of music. My first DT album was Scenes from a Memory. It was an instantaneous shocker. Love at first sight. Such an amaizing combination of prog rock and some softer music. I bought several other DT/LTE albums afterwards. Luckily my first album DT was not Awake. I think this is not one of their greatest albums (well, I am the LTE kind of fan  :) ) You can find lots of non-DT music in this album. I dare you to find Bon Jovi, Pink Floyd, Metallica, Korn, and some other bands of the 70's,  80's and 90's throughout this album. It's not hard, it's actually pretty obvious. What the heck is The Silent Man? The kind of music I was composing in early high school when I was learning to play accoustic guitar. Whenever James LaBrie sings, we get some pretty corny and mainstream sounds. He imitates other singers and their music a lot. Sorry James, I consider you have an amaizing voice, and sometimes you are a great singer as well (well, when you are not pissed off or sour and you give a lousy showing and you sing like bored to death), but hey man, where is your own personality?. I think that from the musical perspective James drags the band back to the dark ages of sugary ballads and commercial sounds. Whenever Petrucci plays his solos without any (or with minimal) voice intervention , we have something amaizing going on. He's a (damn! I am out of appropriate words here!), well, a hell of an amaizing of a shocking guitaris and musician. He comes up to save many of the songs on this album. For example Lie, it's pretty much boredom and mediocre music until Petrucci's solo, and even during his intervention pretty much all the other guys are dazed and confused and lost in space and out of synch in the background. Sometimes he gets out of line improvising too much and aimless and loosingthe train of song, but most of the time he comes up with such totally amaizing masterpieces. I like Kevin Moore on this album, although many other people don't. Thing is, he doesn't show up too much, but listen carefully his work in the background. It's discreet and of good quality. Myung is pretty much the same one, seldom heard and seldom out of ordinary. Petrucci and Portnoy are THE ones, and Moore at times. Luckily, Jordan Rudess joined them and they came up with such masterpieces like Scenes from a Memory and LTE work (no coincidence: LTE was without James LaBrie). To conclude, the only songs really interesting on this album are Erotomania, and (surprise! as I keep ranting against James) maybe Space Dye-Vest. Erotomania is really an amaizing piece of instrumental work, a Petrucci/Moore/Portnoi masterpiece. Petrucci is totally top notch and totally stunning. Also, he got excellent help from Kevin Moore. Space-Dye Vest is a nice slow song although at times cheesy and at times sounding like Pink Floyd The Wall. All the other songs are fairly mediocre and already heard. If you like Bon Jovi or Korn, keep this album althought you should buy more Bon Jovi or Korn. If you like real progressive music, buy LTE and Scenes from a Memory. Well, and all the Genesis before 1975  :)
B0000027RL|5.0|Despite the mess with Ticketmaster and all that garbage Eddie Vedder has always been my idol.I would love to look like that and sing like that.My favorite song on here is Jeremy probably because its about one of the most controversial topics in the world(suicide).Yeah some people thought this song was about murder but I always thought it was about suicide and I was right it is.My favorite part is when he wails &quot;try to forget this,try to erase this from the blackboard&quot; youd have to be deaf not to think this is a subject that he feels so strongly about and the rest of the record is great too.A few tracks like Once and Deep manage to be equally as dark but this is mostly just a great rock and roll album.Yeah with tracks like Alive,Black and Evenflow Pearl Jam have managed to create the grunge equivalent to Pink Floyd's Dark Side Of The Moon and The Clash's London Calling.Its that good.When you hear this record you will be hooked now go out and buy it.Thanks.
B000003TAR|5.0|You people are all crazy.This is,without doubt,the best album ever.Most of you don't even know the real meanings of the songs which is the most important part.    1.Serve The Servants-10/10- AN amazing song about Kurts odd relationship with his family mostly his fater    2.Scentless Aprentice-8/10-A loud grungy song Kurt wrote about a book he read title &amp;amp;amp;quot;Perfume&amp;amp;amp;quot;.    3.Heart Shaped Box-9/10-A Nirvana classic about a heart shaped box courtney love sent to kurt at the begining of their realationship    4.Rape Me-10/10-A Great contriversial song about how rapist go to jail and end up getting raped there themselves    5.Frances Farmer Will Have Her Revenge On Seattle-9/10- A Song About the actress Frances Farmer    6.Dumb-9/10- An Exquisit Masterpiece About Kurts Heroin Problems    7.Very ape-10/10-A Punk Rock essential,and a diss to the macho man steriotype    8.Milk It-10/10- The Song that encouraged me to by the album with its heavy riffs. Its A Great Love Song    9.OPennyroyal Tea-10/10-A Hreat Masterpiece About commitment    10.Radio Friendly Unit Shifter-10/10-My Favorite Song On The Album Right Now.It Screetches With Feedback And Everybody Hates It But I Love IT.Its A Big Diss to the radio    11.Tourettes-10/10-A Great Punk rock hit.It Was Named After Tourettes Syndrome.    12.All Apoligies-10/10-One Of The Best Slow Songs On The Album.The Title Says it All.        (this next track only appears on special versions of in Utero)    13.Gallons Of Rubbing Alcohol Flow Through The Strip-10/10-My Favorite Song On The Cd.It's 7:33 Long Nad Its About Getting a girl pregnant.I Was Smart Enough to buy the version with this bonus track on it cause I am A True Nirvana Fan        I Love This Cd Some Much I Learned to play every song on it on guitar.If You Would Like More Info On Nirvana i reccomend you go to nirvanasongs.com        I HIGHLY RECOMMEND YOU BUY THIS CD IF YOUR A PUNK ROCKER LIKE ME
B00008BXJG|5.0|If I had to pick a favorite Bon Scott era album it would definitely be High Voltage but Highway To Hell comes very close.The title track is my favorite one on the album but all the songs are great especially Night Prowler which sadly had some unwanted controversy about it.I think the best guitar lines on here are actually the rhythm guitar riffs played by Malcom Young because they keep the songs afloat but still Angus does put on a great show as well.The solo on the title track says it all.Its great to have a party but no party is complete without this song in the background.Hell the whole album is great to listen to anytime.One of my personal favorites and it even got elected into Rolling Stone's Essential 200.Awesome.
B00005JKYI|4.0|As I said in the title, great nostalgic movie, story, acting, etc. I enjoy watching the movie over and over. I would give this 5 stars but I will give the DVD tech guys an F for not putting any features (besides ws format) on this. I think some trailers, interviews, and other stuff would have fit. They could have done a little segment on all of the songs featured here. Aside from this, great DVD.
B0000C8AVX|2.0|Ive never really liked early Bob Dylan except or a few songs.I mean hes a talented writer in that he can write words that go well with each other but sadly his early work just doesnt speak to me except for the more well known tracks.It just all sounds like a bunch of nonsense that isnt even amusing.I think this album is a waste of time to listen to except for a few songs and I dont understand what is so good about it.Its boring.
B00013RC9I|5.0|Let me start out by saying that I met the release of the CD with some caution. After being disappointed with &quot;10,000 HZ Legend.&quot; I was considering that Air lost their brilliance that was displayed on Moon Safari.&quot; <br />Obviously Air took a cue from the fans and critics approach to &quot;10,000 HZ Legend&quot; and the results are &quot;Talkie Walkie.&quot;  They found a happy medium between both prior releases, keeping things to a minimum and the tracks are no more complex than needed. <br />But make no mistake, this CD isn't at all unsophisticated. It is one great electronica soundscape. It is chock full off surprises and ofcourse great melodies and orchestrations.<br />stand out tracks:<BR>1) Cherry Blossom girl<BR>2) Mike Miles<BR>3) surfing on a rocket<BR>4) Alone in Kyoto
B00003CX6P|4.0|This is a wonderful story of a strange salvation of a young man who seeks one thing:  himself.  I loved the movie...it has just enough suspense to keep your eyes glued to the movie while Ripley weaves his genius plan in and out of the plot.  You get a sense that Tom and Dickie were just somehow cosmically meant to be together, yet in the end Tom must find his own way.  Tom is left with a dilemma of massive proportions...he must deal with the police, two separate identities, the press, and countless numbers of others who are after him.  You get a sense that he is just doing only what he knows how to do...protect himself.  In the end though, you get a feeling that Tom just gives up...and that giving up is what finally I believe sets him free.  Perhaps the real Tom is just beginning to live his life as the movie closes with Tom sitting, staring, and just thinking.
B000002I2M|5.0|At last, after turning in an excellent but sadly straightforward album with MORRISON HOTEL (see my review), The Doors delve deeper into the blues and come up with this (unknown at the time) swan song.  By this time, Morrison's fast lifestyle was rapidly catching up to him; his voice was deteriorating, he was fat, and he looked much older than his years.  Morrison could still conjure up vocals reminiscent of the first two records (mainly \\"Riders on the Storm\\").  Overall, this world-weary voice fit in perfectly with the blues outfit The Doors had turned themselves into. <br />While the majority of their previous album sounds like it could have been written and recorded by anybody, LA WOMAN certainly sounds bluesy, but here the songs are written with the idiosyncracies that made the band so endearing in the first place.  From the acid trip of \\"The Wasp (Texas Radio and the Big Beat)\\" to the seedy, decadent portrait of LA in the title track, The Doors shows us that, no matter how hard they want to be a blues band, they just too undeniably weird and unique to make a true blues album.  And, ironically, that's what makes LA WOMAN such a powerful record.  It's blues but blues like only The Doors could play, and that's what makes it such a rich, compelling listen.<br />The hit singles off this effort were \\"Love Her Madly,\\" \\"LA Woman,\\" and the radio rock staple \\"Riders on the Storm.\\"  \\"Love Her Madly\\" is one of The Doors' catchiest songs.  \\"LA Woman\\" stands as one of The Doors' very best songs, with its decadent portrait of LA and its paean to some larger-than-life woman who consumes landscape, and could very well be a symbol of the city itself.  \\"Riders on the Storm,\\" the final word from The Doors with Morrison, has that edgy, atmospheric [paranoia] aura that makes so much of their early work so exciting to listen too.  One of the essential images of Morrison, that lonely hitchhiker, shows up, and Morrison deals with man's relationship to the world (\\"Into this house we're born/Into this world we're thrown\\") and pleads women to love their men so that the human race will never die out.  The exact meaning of \\"Riders on the Storm,\\" like the best poetry, is open to interpretation; however, when The Doors were at the top of their game (as they are here), they create some of the most emotionally evocative music of that generation.  \\"Riders on the Storm,\\" with its panoramic lyrics, its ominous music, and the tonal, chanting way Morrison recites the lyrics, takes us to that other side, into a new realm of consciousness.  Very mind altering stuff, and easily one of The Doors' top five songs.  Had this been their only major song, The Doors' place in rock history would be forever secure.  <br />The rest fall into some very basic blues variations.  \\"The Changling\\" is a particular favorite of mine, with some great playing, along with \\"L'America\\" and \\"The Wasp.\\"  In the former Morrison sings about some mythical, very mystical, and certainly precolonial form of America.  I keep getting visions of conquistadors and European vandals, stealing from the native peoples.  \\"The Wasp (Texas Radio and the Big Beat),\\" lyrically, stands among Morrison's finest, and is one of The Doors' best album tracks.  There are lots of great lines in it (\\"no eternal reward will forgive us now for wasting the dawn!).  There's the rather pedestrian \\"Crawling King Snake,\\" a John Lee Hooker cover, but the Lizard King himself ties it very successfully into his own personal legend.  \\"Been Down So Long,\\" along with the great \\"Cars Hiss By My Window,\\" shows you The Doors could write blues with the best of them, but very unique blues.  \\"Hyacinth House\\" is a nice ballad, with Morrison finding himself alone and wanting a friend who doesn't need him.  A very good composition.<br />In the end, The Doors play their own brand of blues in LA WOMAN, turning in some of the most memorable music of their all-to-brief career.  I wish MORRISON HOTEL was as Doorsey as this one was, because LA WOMAN shows you The Doors had such a unique vision that they reinvented the subject matter of the blues, turning in a stylistic blues album that no one else could play.  One of the Lizard King's finest hours, and unfortunately his last recording* with the band.  Afterward, Morrison died, and this proved to be his swan song.  We'll always remember you.<br />For this reviewer, I have a cherished place for The Doors because through them I have discovered so many new forms of artistic expression.  Their debut (which is their best album, followed by STRANGE DAYS), was literally a life-changing album for me.  Morrison's writing broadened my horizons, and got me into writing poetry and listening to all different styles of music.  I owe so much to this band and Morrison  in my own artistry and my writing; Morrison should me how mindblowing poetry and music truly can be.  They truly did help me break on through to the other side, being the doors into new realms they meant themselves to be.  I owe so much to them, and I'll never forget what Morrison did for me in opening up my mind.<br />* When Morrison died suddenly and mysteriously in Paris, The Doors went on to record two last albums, the appropriately titled OTHER VOICES and FULL CIRCLE.  Out of print (you can find them as imports and rarity releases), these two albums aren't as powerful as the best moments with Morrison, but worth seeking out for the fan, especially for the song \\"Ships Without Sails,\\" a wonderful song that reminds you of \\"Riders,\\" and the weird (not wholly successful) parable story of \\"The Peking King and the New York Queen.\\")
B0001BKAEY|2.0|Quite frankly, I did not have great expectations for the third installment of the Matrix (Revolutions). Unfortunately, I did find Revolutions lacking in concrete substance! The movie basically wrapped the loose ends from Reloaded, NOT the original Matrix movie. Really, the original Matrix was so compelling that it did not really need to continue as subsequent sequels, and would have been just fine as a stand alone feature (Wachowski Brothers/Silver are you reading this?). Moreover, if you take the first 2 hours of Reloaded and the last hour of Revolutions and edit them together, you would have a much tighter sequel, rather than dragging out and convoluting the original story with meaningless dialog/characters. The original Matrix is the most intellectually interesting, Reloaded is visually and musically stunning (Although, a bit heavy on the &quot;I Believe&quot; banter), and Revolutions is merely a &quot;Video Game&quot; that is entertaining for the CGI style animated viewing experience. If you are curious to see how the story &quot;Ends&quot; (Until the next installment - wink) and have nothing else better to do with your time, Revolutions is worth viewing at least once. Finally, I was disappointed with Silver for not providing proper recognition in memory of the late Gloria Foster (Who played the original Oracle), at the end of Revolutions as her contribution was significant in the success of the Matrix story!
B000002I2G|3.0|\\"The Soft Parade\\", The Doors' fourth album, struggles to be musically inventive.  What made the first two albums so wonderfully successful is their very unique sound, and that sound encapsulated the growing, revolutionary thought processes that were spreading throughout America's youth at the time of the 1960s.  The Doors were both original and very much of their time, although those first two records never feel dated.  Then The Doors released \\"[[ASIN:B000MCIBB6 Waiting for the Sun]]\\", which has several good songs, but only approaches the quality of the first two records in isolated moments.  After the wake of \\"[[ASIN:B0025KVLTM Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band]]\\" and all the psychedelic music that was coming out at the time, The Doors decided to do their own version of \\"Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band\\".  By this, I mean they decided to totally reinvent their sound and style and popular music in general, giving the world a radical look how high rock and roll can really climb on the artistic ladder.  Unfortunately, The Doors were never as consistently good as The Beatles, and instead of turning in an amazing LP, we end up with the weakest set of songs The Doors ever put to tape.<br /><br />To understand the state of \\"The Soft Parade\\", it helps to look at the album before that, \\"Waitng for the Sun\\".  The Doors seem to operate in twos, with their first two records brilliant, their middle two rather mediocre, their last two good blues albums, and then there's the two (out of print) records The Doors made after Morrison's death (\\"[[ASIN:B005NYKMN8 Other Voices]]\\" and \\"\\"[[ASIN:B005O6THSQ Full Circle]]\\"). \\"Waiting for the Sun\\" was little more than a holding action, product put out because they had to, although there are some great songs on it.  At least on \\"The Soft Parade\\" they were trying to do something different, even though it ends up being just as mediocre an album as its predecessor.<br /><br />The Doors talk about the `third album syndrome' effecting \\"Waiting for the Sun\\".  They had handpicked their best material for their debut, then the rest went onto \\"[[ASIN:B000MCIBAW Strange Days]]\\".  At the third album, they were in a quandry, because all their best material had already been issued.  The Doors found it difficult to write compelling, commercial songs, and so turned in their rather lackluster third album.  What really hurt \\"Waiting for the Sun\\" was the decision to cut \\"Celebration of the Lizard,\\" which would have been a very long opus taking up the majority of the second side of the song.  So when it came time to record \\"The Soft Parade\\", The Doors wanted to strike out in a different direction.<br /><br />While not wholly a failure, \\"The Soft Parade\\" turns out to be, along with \\"Waiting for the Sun\\", The Doors' weakest album.  By this time, Morrison was so out of control Kreiger wrote half the tracks on the album, and it shows.  (Also, Morrison didn't want to be credited with calling people to get their guns on the first track).  Because the third album didn't have a real tangible identity as far as sound goes, The Doors wisely decided to reinvent themselves and broaden their musical horizons.<br /><br />While we must admire them for this ambition, the end results are very mixed.  Taking over eight months to record, the album proved a difficult record to make.  In the end, Morrison described the album the band trying to do something new but that it got bogged down.  How true.<br /><br />Trading in their psychedelic sound they so successfully displayed on their first two records, we get a big band sound instead.  The reason they turned from this sound was by the third album the well was clearly running dry.  On several of the songs this new sound works, especially the first three tracks.  If the rest of the songwriting had been as strong as it was on the first three, then \\"The Soft Parade\\" would stand proudly among The Doors' best work.  Unfortunately, this is not the case.  \\"The Soft Parade\\", quite simply, boasts the weakest set of the original six albums.  \\"Do It,\\" \\"Easy Ride,\\" and \\"Running Blue,\\" simply don't gel, though \\"Running Blue\\" is a very funny song.  The title track I really like for about the first four minutes.  I find the last (and longest) musical section gets rather monotonous as the song [goes on for over eight minutes] [ploughs onward,] lurches toward its closing eight minute running time.  And where is \\"Who Scared You?\\"  Had \\"Do It\\" been deleted and that included in the running order, the album would be much stronger.  \\"Shaman's Blues\\" is a masterpiece, and \\"Wild Child\\" harkens back to that dark, careening undercurrent of their first two albums.  Very good song.  \\"Wishful Sinful\\" is nice as well.<br /><br />By this point in their career, The Doors were rather falling apart artistically, no thanks to Morrison's increasingly difficult behaviour.  After turning in two rather lackluster LPs after two great albums, The Doors seemed headed on a downward spiral.  Fortunately, The Doors went into the blues after this album, producing two good albums (even though they couldn't touch the first two's quality) before Morrison died.<br /><br />Overall, I admire The Doors for their ambition in trying to come up with a highly artistic, progressive record.  I just wish they had done a better job at it.
B00005UKE0|5.0|George Harrison was an incredibly complicated person, something often overlooked in the canonical version of the Beatles saga.  This guy was really heavy!  It's easy to forget that George was only in his twenties, with a fat bank account and thousands of adoring fans, when he wrote \\"The Art of Dying\\"-- a haunting tune weighing in on subjects like the spiritual evolution of mankind and the transient nature of material reality.<br /><br />That's what I like about \\"All Things Must Pass.\\"  George had hit his musical stride by the time the Beatles imploded, and this record finds him at his prime... but the thoughts and attitudes that find expression on this record are not what you'd expect from a twenty-three-year-old millionaire and superstar.  This is a far more serious George than Beatles fans were accustomed to, writing about weighty subjects with a light, thoughtful touch.<br /><br />In fact, George's light touch is really what sets this record apart.  This album breathes!  Songs range from the playful (\\"The Ballad of Sir Frankie Crisp)\\" to the serious (\\"Isn't It A Pity\\"), and from the beautifully melodic (\\"All Things Must Pass\\") to several examples of early 1970's boogie jam.<br /><br />This landmark album gives the listener a clear window into George's life, at a time when he was obviously at peace with himself and the world around him.  It isn't often that a major musical talent like Harrison is able to step away from the trappings and cliches of mega-stardom in favor of weightier, more thoughtful work.  One of my favorite records EVER!
B000002I27|5.0|STRANGE DAYS, like the best music of the major bands of 1960s, encapsulates the disillusionment of the youth and a need for a radical reordering of society.  In many ways, STRANGE DAYS is The Doors' best album.  Dark, melodic, and richly poetic, nowhere else do they manage to create such a compelling portrait of the blossoming counterculture.  Gone is the more poppy elements of their debut.  Instead, The Doors fill STRANGE DAYS with songs about lost girls, isolation (\\"People Are Strange\\"), radically shifting cultural norms (title cut), and psychedelic epic poetry about wanting the world and wanting it right now (\\"When the Music's Over)\\".  \\"Love Me Two Times,\\" a song about a solider going away to Viet Nam and wanting to be with his lover, expresses the frustration that many felt at that senseless war.  \\"Moonlight Drive,\\" the song Jim sung to Manzarek when he wanted to start a band, is a love song, but one that turns musical convention on its head.  \\"Horse Latitudes,\\" a wonderfully odd, very disturbing recording of Morrison reading one of his poems, further contributes to the very dark, moody atmosphere that the band successfully maintains throughout the entire album. \\"When the Music's Over,\\" a brooding masterpiece, deals with ecological issues, organized religion, and wanting the world right now.  This is the true centrepiece of the album, and, as the Amazon review says, a rallying cry to the budding counterculture.<br />The cover art is one of the best and most appropriate covers I have ever seen for an album.  The cover gives you a glimpse into what you will find on the album: a freakshow, a world where people are trying to find their own way and how the generation gap grew leaps and bounds in the 1960s.  The cover art tells us we a long way from the staunch, McCarthy-driven 1950s, where the world made a lot more sense to people.  Albums like this would never have been released during the 1940s and 1950s.  Just by looking at the cover, you could tell this was a radical departure from the musical sensibilities of the preceeding decade.  This definitely isn't your parent's music.<br />What makes STRANGE DAYS so revelatory is how undeniably dark this is.  In many ways, this very dark undercurrent makes the music on STRANGE DAYS all the more radical.  Released at the height of the \\"All you need is love\\" mentality embraced by much of the counterculture, The Doors offer this visionary music.  Buy wedding dark, deeply apocalyptic lyrics and very moody, depressing music to very poppy elements and consistently stunning melodies, The Doors present a very different and much more dangerous picture of society.  Much of the genius of STRANGE DAYS is, while it is very poppy, it totally reinvents the subject matter of pop, creating an aural snapshot of the fear, uncertainty, and growing social and political unrest that was rapidly spreading throughout the youth in the 1960s.  While The Beatles were singing it's getting better, The Doors, much like T. S. Eliot, were expressing fear and isolation and confronting the dark undercurrents of their time.<br />All of these elements, along with The Doors' unique sound and undeniably powerful musical talents, make STRANGE DAYS one of rock's most essential albums.  Although I prefer the debut to this for sentimental reasons, The Doors never equaled this masterpiece again.  They simply could not maintain the densely rich, dark atmosphere, the genius song-writing, or the fantastic psychedelia.   This, along with THE DOORS, stand tall among the very best that rock has to offer.
B000063CMK|2.0|I had heard a lot of great things about this group and this album.  Almost no one had given it a bad rating and so I bought it.  I can honestly say that I have never been this disappointed with a cd purchase in years.  The best song would have to be &quot;Dryad of the Woods&quot; and that would be because it's an instrumental.  Daniel's voice is good but he does these stupid &quot;hacha-ump-a-ump-dup&quot; sounds in the middle of songs which takes so much away from the tracks.  I wouldn't recommend this album to many people.  I know there are tons of people out there that like it and like this type of music but I think a better purchase would have to be O.S.I. if you like this type of music.
B000003TA4|5.0|This is one of the best albums I have, it just got beaten by a few others. I only have four Nirvana albums, but I know this is the best one. Whilst &quot;Bleach&quot; had the grungier tracks and &quot;In utero&quot; had the rawer tracks, this has the catchier, more enjoyable tracks. My favourites are:<br />Smells like teen spirit: Everyone should know this. Words cannot describe how good it is. 5/5<br />Breed: Only just started to like this one a lot more. Very fast-paced and I love it. 5/5<br />Lithium: One of the best. Good lyrics, nice soothing verses. 5/5<br />Territorial pissings: A lot of people hate this. I know it is a bit stupid, but it's fun and catchy. 5/5<br />Drain you: My favourite. Shame it couldn't have been released, it would have been a classic. Amazing lyrics. 5+/5<br />My tracks that I think are good, but could improve a little are:<br />In bloom: I know many people will wonder why I chose this one, but there's something about it I don't like as much. The chorus is ok. 4/5<br />Come as you are: I don't listen to this one a lot. I always get it mixed up with &quot;Lithium&quot;. 3/5<br />Polly: I've heard this was based on a true story of some sort. Relaxing acoustic playing. 4/5<br />Lounge act: My favourite out of the &quot;OK&quot; tracks, it's just missing something. 4.5/5<br />Stay away: I thought this track got a bit tiring. But it's fast-paced and OK. 4/5<br />Now, for my least favourite tracks:<br />On a plain: It's just too boring and I don't like the chorus. 2/5<br />Something in the way: I now many people like this one, but there's not many lyrics and it's very boring. Even the secret track after it isn't very good. 2/5<br />So, there isn't any bad tracks on it, just some which need to improve that's all, it's basically only two tracks on this album I don't like. But, this is a magnificent album of course.
B0001AP12G|4.0|Influenced by fellow Chi-town native No I.D.(who produced much of Common's early material), Kanye West's signature style is akin to that of the classic beat-makers of the early 1990s -- limited synths, but heavy on the soul samples. He popularized the use of sped up vocals (which is called &quot;resample&quot;) and sweeping strings, an approach imitated by countless others. Re-sampling is using a song and changing its beats per-minutes. Anything under 100 beats per-minute will sound slower, as where the voice will sound lower, but anything over 100 beats per-minute, will sound higher pitched and much faster, which is Kanye's basic technique. The sound was popularized by LL Cool J in 1990 with &quot;Around The Way Girl.&quot;<br />Unlike many other producers who step to the mic, Kanye is also an extremely talented emcee who flexes a relaxed but focused flow that's never short on clever lyrics. After a terrible car accident, he released two top-knotch mixx tapes, Get Well Soon and I'm Good, which showcased his beats and rhymes skills and helped to further his reputation. His first solo single, the Chaka Khan-sampling &quot;Through The Wire&quot; on Roc-A-Fella Records, found plenty of love from mainstream radio rap fans and underground connoisseurs alike, and his heavily anticipated debut, College Dropout, hit the streets in Feb. 2004.<br />College Dropout is loaded with quotable verses and exceptional beats. The Lauryn Hill-ish &quot;All Falls Down,&quot; which is even based and sampled around Hill's &quot;Mystery of Iniquity,&quot; represents a unadorned approach, but it's that approach that makes the number attractive and spellbinding (thanks to Lauryn Hill). The super-producer comes through with his signature soul-sampling tracks, while Jay-Z, Mos Def, Ludacris, Freeway, Talib Kweli, Twista, Common, ect. show up for quality cameos. From a production standpoint, nothing here tops recent conquests like Alicia Keys' &quot;You Don't Know My Name&quot; or Talib Kweli's&quot;Get By,&quot; but he's consistently potent and tempers his familiar characteristics. Believe the hype.
B0000035E7|4.0|This is Nirvana's first ever album. If you have no idea who they are do NOT buy this 'cause you will probably not buy this. If you have heard other Nirvana albums and you liked them, you will see a little difference in this one. The songs are:<br />Blew: A cool, catchy song to start you off. 5/5<br />Floyd the barber: This is quite a scary song when you listen to the lyrics, it's ok, but not as good as \\"Blew\\". 4/5<br />About a girl: You probably may know this one. It sounds different to a lot of the other songs, but it's good. 4/4<br />School: I didn't like this one very much because it was very repertative abd the onlu lyrics were \\"Won't you believe it it's just my luck\\", and \\"No recess\\" repeated loads of times. 3/5<br />Love buzz: Quite similar to \\"School\\" but better. Their first ever single. 4/5<br />Papercuts: Very grungy. Strange lyrics. I'm not sure on this one, it's ok, but the vocals are very slow. 3/5<br />Negative creep: Probably the grungiest track on the CD. Kurt's voice is very deep, but I quite like it. 4/5<br />Scoff: Again, not a lot of lyrics, but it lasts a while, and I like it. 4/5<br />Swap meet: I'm not sure on this one either... It's OK, but it's just too boring. 3/5<br />Mr. Moustache: My favourite track. Quite fast-paced, very grungy intro and good lyrics. 5/5<br />Sifting: Grungy guitar playing, again very slow vocals. It's too long. 3/5<br />Big cheese: The intro on this sounds a lot like the music from \\"Jaws\\". I don't get this song, but it's quite good. 4/5<br />Downer: Very, very fast-paced and very short. It only lasts about a minute and a half. 4/5<br />So, this is probably my least favourite Nirvana album, but I like a couple of tracks. Buy \\"Nevermind\\", then this, then \\"In utero\\", or \\"In utero\\", then this, then \\"Nvermind\\" if you want my advice on buying Nirvana.
B00023GGFI|5.0|This is the record that started the Johnny Winter storm and this beautifully expanded edition is what this cd deserve. Amazing sound and great enhaced booklet, what else could you ask for?! I hope they reissue all Johnny's album this way!!!!!!!! I don't waste time talkin' about Johnny cause if you're reading this you already know the guy and if you don't you'd better start from here. See you all!!
0783114893|5.0|Ok, one of my favourite movies ever, this is. I know it seems strange now, it isn't an epic with outstanding performances and great set pieces and all that, it's just a plain old, fun 80s horror road movie, but I just love it all the same. <br />Rutger Hauer is imensely scary as a (not so freaky killer like Jason or Michael, nor a gruesome killer) but a sharp, haunting character with an icy personality. C Thomas Howell is very good as a young teenager. He starts off in the film to be a bit geeky, but once he meets Hauer he starts to get a little freaky himself. They are basically the two main characters in this.<br />The film -- as you probably know -- is about C Thomas Howell delivering a drive-away car (let me just say I don't like the review from Digibiong! because he says there is a mistake on the license plate of the car, but it's a drive-away car so it doesn't matter) and he has to deliver it to San Dieago, on the way he picks up a stranger on the road, he seems like a nice guy, but he turns out to be quite psychotic. Howell is able to push the stranger out of the car and carry on down the road, but the hitcher isn't done yet, he starts to play a deadly game with Howell, like getting the police onto him, framing him, killing people in front of his eyes and all stuff like that. The film doesn't drag at the start, it starts off straight away with Howell picking the stranger up and it gets darker and darker every time. <br />The gore in this film isn't that bad, we do HEAR a woman get pulled apart, but we don't SEE it. We never really do see a lot of deaths happen in the film, but I think that's what makes the film scary. It can be very atmospheric at times, but a lot of the scary parts happen in the day-time. When we come to the conclusion it gets a little dissapointing since it doesn't go on for long and I was expecting a great confrontation.<br />So, that's &quot;the hitcher&quot;, one of my favourite movies. Road movies are my favourite genre of movies and here are a couple more good ones:<br />Breakdown<BR>Convoy<BR>Duel<BR>Hitcher 2: I've been waiting
0786915749|4.0|This book was the first novel that I ever read - way back in 1989, at 9 years old. It hooked me into the world of Krynn and inspired me to start playing D&D. Throughout the series I laughed outloud, I shed tears at a few key deaths, and I read these books instead of doing homework.<br />Granted that was 14 years ago. I just reread the book, and I was sorely disappointed. The characters maintain their vitality and intrigue, which is definitely the book's strong-suit. The locations are interesting to imagine, and the history of the world feels robust and realistically layered and complex. But the writing itself leaves a lot to be desired. I couldn't help but cringe at the repeatedly overused adjectives and the painful moments of unabashed silliness.<br />Also, upon reading it again I have now realized how much of it is allegory for much Mormon lore! I won't go into details, but it's pretty thinly veiled. I grew up Mormon, and the religion has left a bad taste in my mouth ever since I left it 10 years ago, so finding such things in this book makes it less enjoyable.<br />I would recommend this book to people who don't roll their eyes easily, or are young and easily impressed, or are looking for simple and easily digestible escapist fiction. It truly is a great story and a fascination world, despite all the flaws.
B000002B5L|5.0|This is a very good album. Many have mentioned Roberta Flack's 'Killing Me Softly' and Bob Marley's 'No Woman, No Cry' as the standout covers on the album. Those are both great but 'Ready Or Not' is actually also a cover. I don't know who wrote the song or who originally did it, but I at least know an excellent version was recorded in the early 70's by the Jackson 5 (from their 'Third Album'). Though the Fugees provide an excellent version as well, however, I don't know if anything could compare to the child-voice of Michael Jackson. But its a great album otherwise too.
078681859X|4.0|I agree with most of the reviewers comments, including the comparison to Harry Potter (for good or bad). I only want to add that due in part to the success of JKRowling and the Harry Potter series (as well as the reincarnation of the Hobbits via film), wizardry and strange tales of mystical children has become a viable topic now being tackled by later-coming authors. Hooray for Harry Potter, Eragon AND Nathanial!! May they give rise to other adventure stories that will enhance the entertainment and love of reading for an ever-growing base of young people.
B000003TA4|2.0|I don't care if Kurt hated the song, he should've put a bunch of songs on the album that were just as good as Teen Spirit. After all, Kurt was our trained monkey with the Geffen go-ahead to rock his brains out every night, so why not? The key word with Nirvana is overrated. They were never as good as anyone said. None of the praise Nirvana garnered was ever deserved, and if you listen to Muddy Banks or even Roma, it's glaringly obvious (aside from the good renditions of Polly and Dumb on Roma). Nirvana made some average studio albums with a few hits on each that were really good. The kicker is that their non-singles were nothing but filler. I'm not even counting Bleach because it's so bad nobody should ever ponder buying for any reason. If there ever was a singles band, then Nirvana is it. Smells Like Teen Spirit has no &quot;social conscience&quot; or any type of meaning to the lyrics, but it was a great song. Too had the rest of Nevermind wasn't as awesome as Teen Spirit, THEN the praises could have been true, but they aren't. It's all just ass-kissing from the critics because they don't know real art when they see/hear it. Nirvana wasn't art.
B0001NBMBC|3.0|there is only 2 or 3 songs on this album i even liked, whats with the changes ?  i do not recommend buying this album, its a waste
B000003TA4|1.0|Nevermind is, above all things, uncreative. Nirvana and its frontman Kurt Cobain did nothing for America's youth, and yet plenty of them yell until they're blue in the face that he has. Well, what has the guy done for you? Prevented you from committing suicide? Nope, sorry, but that's just a cliched secondhand sentence used by every teen that has a temper tantrum over not getting their allowance. Again, what'd he REALLY do for you? Nearly thirteen years after its release, and Nevermind is still for those who dress in all dark colors and mope. They are ignorant popular youth who wish they were rejects but aren't. They are called &quot;The Beautiful Popular Freaks&quot;. Aside from Nirvana, they enjoy listening to Avril Lavinge and Puddle of Mudd. And if they even know of amazing bands like The Smashing Pumpkins and Blind Melon, they consider them &quot;oldies&quot;. They enjoy giving anyone different from them the finger. I swear, the next time I see another Nirvana fan try to give someone the finger, I'm going to remind them to put it back up their Nirvana-loving backside where it's always been. <br />And if you've seen real high school rejects, believe you me, you wouldn't want to be in their shoes because the &quot;popular beautiful freaks&quot; make their lives a living hell just like everyone does. These &quot;popular beautiful freaks&quot; are still singing Nirvana's praises when they wouldn't know good music if it blindsided them. The only thing depressing about life is the fact that our nation's youth can't do for themselves and look to bands like Nirvana to speak for them. Do you really want a heroin junkie, a drunk stoner, and the leader of a band immaturely called Probot to be putting words into your mouth? Because if you are, then what the hell could you possibly have to say that anybody cares about? If you really want something to create and admire, you should start your own revolution instead of looking to somebody else like Kurt Cobain to do it for you.
B00028HBKM|5.0|Im absolutely amazed that at this day and time, this movie would be appauling or shocking. There have been countless media spectacles brought around this movie to portray it as \\"barbaric\\", \\"hate-filled\\", and looking to place blame on a race for the actions of a few. Those that come to these conclusions truly are ignorant of what Mel Gibson was trying to accomplish. Those that view it with lack of understanding make such complaints. The world has needed to see this movie, to see what MEN not a race or culture did to Jesus. Jews looking to bash this film as anti-semitic are looking for an excuse to lessen the brutality of what He went through because they dont believe he was the messiah while trying to protect themselves from those who say they are \\"Christians\\" who seek to find any reason they can to harm others. Real Christians dont profane His name by standing behind hate and excuses. Lets face it either you believe or you dont, and if you dont you should hope you are right. Any person who watches this film should be angry, not at a race, but at themselves for not giving themselves to His purpose especially after seeing what really happened. I didnt hear all this contraversy when \\"Saving Private Ryan\\" came out, and it was just as, if not more gruesome. People will look for any excuse to do what they want to do, and place blame on anyone they can. Watch the film with an open mind and you will find out its alot better than some people would have you to believe.....
B0001UL7RY|5.0|It's not because I'm an Avril lavigne fan, but this album has something really special that I can't explain. This girl is so talented, and all her 12 tracks on this album are special. All of them has something that makes you wanna listen to it over and over again. Sometimes I wonder that if i didn't buy this cd, i would have missed some greatest songs. In this album she has matured musically. You can see it through her lyrics, but it still has Avril lavigne flavor. I think it's a crime not to buy her cd. It's ambsolutely amazing, and if you're a big fan of songs that stick into your head...BUY IT NOW!!! Songs like 'nobody's home', 'happy ending' and 'slipped away ' are 6 out of 5 stars....Don't miss the opportunity to relate to some unforgetable songs!!!
B00005JN0A|5.0|This was the funniest movie. The Italian guy is the best. That guy is so funny. Plus all the naked women. The drinking game they have on the dvd is really funny too.
0790749815|3.0|Like most of Hitchcock's films, this one has not stood the test of time particularly well.<br />The fact that Grant is the same age as the woman who plays his mother is the least of this movie's problems.  The dialogue is artificially witty, and the social mors of the day do not translate well today.<br />In the end, this movie comes across as plain silly, sort of an old time Magnum PI, Hitchcock style.  Frosting with almost no cake, enjoyable but no more than that.
B00007LTIG|5.0|This is as you all should know the very beginning of the long strange trip that was the Grateful dead. It was made in 1967 and the rock n' roll world was a storm. Jemi Hendrix released his masterpiece, Syd Barrett and the rest of floyd explored magical realms on their release and of the Beatles changed the world of music on there album. Now where does the worlds most famous stoners settle into this whirl wind rock revolution? Well to say it mildly they don't really add much to it. This my friends sounds like typical garage amplified bluesy rock n' roll that ruled over the states in the early 60's. This release is A) not very experimental Like say there Anthem of the sun B) Its not very mellow like the majority of The dead releases and C) it has like 0 jams which so characterize the greatful dead. In fact it remind me of the retro   band the Greenhornes. If you like this album please check The greenhornes out. There just wonderful.<br />Although this album really added little to the annuls of rock history it really is a most excellent little record. I enjoy it all the way through. In fact i would have to say this is my favorite Dead album out of the three I've listened to (anthem of the sun, American beauty, and of course this one). So if You love bluesy garage rock then by all means pick this sucker up. You wont regret
0142000663|5.0|There is no denying John Steinbeck's brilliance. I feel that his best work is &quot;East of Eden&quot;, but &quot;The Grapes of Wrath&quot; is a monumental work, probably the one that captures his political sensibilities and the times he wrote about better than any. &quot;Grapes&quot; has character development, pathos, irony and social commentary, all biting, poignant and loving at the same time. Its political message is Socialist. The problem with this is that it offers great misery, packaged in the plight of the Joad family and Okies headed to California during the Dust Bowl '30s, but it does not offer solutions. Business owners, capitalists, policemen and authority figures are fairly evenly displayed as unfeeling, selfish, sometimes racist, and mean.<br />What Steinbeck chose not to do was to see the 1930s from their standpoint. The message would seem to indicate that he advocated that the government just handle all the Okies' problems, but this creates some problems. First, the FDR Administration did more in this regard than any previous government, or any since, possibly. With this in mind, then the question devolves into the conclusion that government intervention is not the answer.<br />The question I kept asking was, Why do roadside business owners or cops or others barely struggling during terrible times owe something to these Okies? From the Christian standpoint, they do. But the Okies had no job skills. They offered little. They were not marketable. They were willing to work, but they could not do anything other than manual labor.<br />It is easy to criticize them for coming to California where there were more people than jobs, but they apparently were coerced into it by misleading flyers advertising fruit waiting to be picked and jobs aplenty.<br />In the light of historical retrospect, the unsaid message of this book at its time was that the people described would be &quot;saved&quot; if they lived in Communism. Those who flirted with Communism in America in the 1930s can be excused, considering the times. But Steinbeck was an educated man, and by the time he finished this book, the basic facts about Stalin's Russia were known. Russia was in shambles, millions had already been murdered, starved and imprisoned. It was hell on Earth. Steinbeck had to know, if not every gory detail, enough to establish the fact that Communism was utterly evil.<br />This left him, it seems, between a rock and a hard place, which was the big problem for all the Communists and fellow travelers in the West. The Utopian ideal does not adhere to reality. In the end, &quot;Grapes&quot; describes misery and plays to guilt, a powerful strategy.<br />What history tells us is that the &quot;answer&quot; to the Okies' predicament, while not perfect, while not timely, was in the end the fact that they lived in America, which to paraphrase Chuirchill is &quot;the worst country known to man with the exception of all other countries known to man.&quot;<br />To live in America offered more hope and more chance of success to these people than all other Earthly possibility. Steinbeck does not portray that. He does not necessarily deserve to be excoriated for it; it would require perhaps more vision than he had in light of his publication and probable editorial time constraints. However, travel the California landscape today and one will find the children and grandchildren of these Okies, and they will mainly tell you stories of struggle that ended in various forms of happiness and success for the ancestors of the Okies.<br />Despite any political differences, Steinbeck is a writer of such talent and inner greatness that it cannot be denied.<br />STEVEN TRAVERS<br />AUTHOR OF &quot;BARRY BONDS: BASEBALL'S SUPERMAN&quot;<br />STWRITES@AOL.COMrica in the 1930s can be excused, considering the times. But Steinbeck was an educated man, and by the time he finished this book, the basic facts about Stalin's Russia were known. Russia was in shambles, millions had already been murdered, starved and imprisoned. It was hell on Earth. Steinbeck had to know, if not every gory detail, enough to establish the fact that Communism was utterly evil. <br />This left him, it seems, between a rock and a hard place, which was the big problem for all the Communists and fellow travelers in the West. The Utopian ideal does not adhere to reality. In the end, &quot;Grapes&quot; describes misery and plays to guilt, a powerful strategy. <br />What history tells us is that the &quot;answer&quot; to the Okies' predicament, while not perfect, while not timely, was in the end the fact that they lived in America, which to paraphrase Chuirchill is &quot;the worst country known to man with the exception of all other countries known to man.&quot;<br />To live in America offered more hope and more chance of success to these people than all other Earthly possibility. Steinbeck does not portray that. He does not necessarily deserve to be excoriated for it; it would require perhaps more vision than he had in light of his publication and probable editorial time constraints. However, travel the California landscape today and one will find the children and grandchildren of these Okies, and they will mainly tell you stories of struggle that ended in various forms of happiness and success for the ancestors of the Okies.<br />Despite any political differences, Steinbeck is a writer of such talent and inner greatness that it cannot be denied.<br />STEVEN TRAVERS<BR>AUTHOR OF &quot;BARRY BONDS: BASEBALL'S SUPERMAN&quot;<BR>STWRITES@AOL.COM
078322611X|5.0|to say that you did not feel anything after watching, \\"Field of Dreams,\\" would be as if saying you had never drank a cup of water ever in your life.
0446310786|5.0|For a book like this to have been written when it was, about and in the place it was, by a person of that timew and place, is nothing less than courageous. Harper Lee's beautiful story of redemption, love and humanity pre-cursors the works of Martin Luther King, and can be called one of the early, great influences that inspired the long-denied civil rights of African-Americans. Fantastic. As a writer, I am in awe of this kind of work, and acknowledge that I can read it, I can admire it, but I can never duplicate it.<br />STEVEN TRAVERS<BR>AUTHOR OF &quot;BARRY BONDS: BASEBALL'S SUPERMAN&quot;<BR>STWRITES@AOL.COM
B0001UL7RY|1.0|(Much of review has been recycled from previous album, which seems to be acceptable artistic practice)<br />Do you like collections of (even more) virtually identical, completely fabricated songs about poseurs and 'being yourself?' Well, then if you can wade through the terrible, grating lyrics, the shrill voice and a modicum of flawed melodies, you can treat yourself to this overplayed mass-media catering pap. With the impressive lyrical flair of constant 'na na na nas' and (many many more) 'yea-ee-aahs,' you'll never get tired of the mind-numbing repetition! It's also really cool to spell your song-names and lyrics with (outdated) internet speak. Recruit Chantal Krevaziuk, Raine Maida and Ben Moody, and you have the powers of several other mass-marketed generic flavours to through spins on Avril's all read tired product.
0553573403|1.0|I cant even understand half the words in this book, i mean cmon. This book made me vomit every time i finished reading a chapter. My friend told me about this book and that it was amazing...i just figured out he was pulling a prank on me...a whole 1,000 page prank. You got their zack, u got me good. But just watch, Im going to make you read Wild Cards, you will be sorry.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I've always been a fan of the old 'screwball comedy' pacing of dialogue - the viewer had better pay attention, because the interesting stuff is flying at you in a hurry.  It speaks of confidence in the viewer ('they'll get this stuff'), and also give more 'story bandwidth'.  Joss Whedon is one of those writers who 'gets it', and writes great scripts as a result.<P>   His most recent is the unjustly-cancelled &quot;Firefly&quot;, which the gnomes at Fox cancelled, and then released (including unaired episodes) on DVD (they yet later greenlighted a feature film.  Well, at least they admit they were wrong to cancel it -- without actually, uh, admitting they were wrong to cancel it.)  This<BR>is good for you, gentle reader, you get to see these gems of storytelling.  <P>   These are well packaged (physically and DVD-wise, with good commentaries and the like); even if you saw every episode broadcast, you will still want <BR>to get the set, just to see the extra episodes (some broadcast episodes are very slightly reworked as well, at Joss' behest.)  Just buy the thing,<BR>ok?  Good stuff.  You'd just spend that money on something weird, otherwise, like food or rent, right?  So what are you waiting for?
0790729725|5.0|I feel that Martin Scorsese's GOODFELLAS is problably one of the best Italian mob movie ever.<BR>Maybe I am biased, b/c I like the main characters (Robert De Niro, Ray Liotta, and Joe Pesci) <BR>Also, the fact that the movie is based on the real life of mobster Henry Hill (played by Ray Liotta) makes the movie much more appealing.<BR>The movie shows Henry's life as young boy and shows his life from a mob errand boy to his life and downfall as drug-dealing member of the mob.<BR>This is great...enough said.  It should be made required viewing.<br />The film also has: <BR>Lorraine Bracco (Tony's psychiatrist on the Sopranos) as Henry Hill's wife; Paul Sorvino as Paulie (a mob boss);  Michael Imperioli (Tony's nephew on the Sopranos) as Spider; and  Frank Sivero as Frankie Carbone.
B000000I0C|5.0|Stepping back from the more complex arrangements typical of his work with his band, Van der Graaf Generator ? as well as those utilized on some of his recent solo outings (CHAMELEON IN THE SHADOW OF THE NIGHT [1972], THE SILENT CORNER AND THE EMPTY STAGE [ALSO 1972], and IN CAMERA [1973]) ? Peter Hammill delivered OVER to the world in 1976, one of the most painfully honest and soul-baring albums of his career. While Hammill is a (thankfully) prolific artist, with some of the most revealing self-analytic lyrics ever written, his personal life has always been kept private ? a difficult task for a performer, but one that has meant enough to him that he has managed to do it. That being said, it's pretty evident from the lyrics on OVER that he was going through an extremely painful and emotional period in his life ? and what better catharsis to expedite and enable the healing process than his music?<br />Joined here by Van der Graaf bandmates Guy Evans (drums), Nic Potter (bass) and Graham Smith (violin), Hammill frames these intensely personal songs brilliantly with his expressive piano and guitar ? and every bit of the emotion contained in the lyrics is carried perfectly by his unique and powerful voice. Pain, loss, self-doubt ?and, ultimately, hope ? are portrayed here in such a naturally vivid fashion that the listener cannot help but experience some degree of the feelings that inspired these works. It's a breathtakingly intense journey ? and one that connects the artist with the listener at the most human level possible.<br />The album begins with 'Crying wolf'. As the song is introduced by Hammill's choppy rhythm on electric guitar, then joined by the bass and drums, then the vocals, the listener might believe that the rest of the album is going to be in more of a 'rock' vein than is actually the case. The song's lyrics are accusatory, addressing the singer himself, decrying the self-pity and wallowing in anguish at being left alone: 'Is this what makes you happy? Is this what brings you joy? Your excuses are so crappy...silly boy!' The song goes on to berate the singer as self-centered, pushing him to stand up and take the steps needed to rebuild the life that is seen as destroyed.<br />'Autumn' addresses the loneliness and change that come in a long-term relationship, when the parents have raised their children and seen them move away to make their own way in the world. It's hard for parents to let go, to understand the ways of their offspring, to trust in the upbringing they've given them to guide them as they go out to find lives of their own. Hammill describes the feelings of being left alone, of being '...discarded, of no further use...' ? and winds up wondering how long it will be '...till this song is sung by our own sons and daughters', recognizing the cyclical nature of the lives we lead.<br />'Time heals' looks back at a fractured relationship - and wonders, as is a natural process at such a time, how things might have been different, and how they came to be like they are. People who love each other deeply and honestly sometimes grow apart through no fault of anyone involved ? but that doesn't make it any easier to accept traumatic changes. Time heals, as Hammill notes, '...but I still bear the weals' ? the pain might get easier to bear and to understand, but it never really goes away completely. It remains as a shadow to remind us of our humanity, of our folly, and ultimately of our ability to feel ? not just pain, but love as well.<br />'Alice (letting go)', 'This side of the looking glass', 'Betrayed' and '(On Tuesdays) she used to do yoga' are some of the most painful songs of loss and letting go I've ever heard ? and some of the most beautiful in their power and clarity of expression. The singer remembers incidents, habits and idiosyncrasies of the departed partner ?healing through the experience of the pain. In the album's final track, 'Lost and found', the images of the wolf and sheep from 'Crying wolf' andthe themes of loss and loneliness from the other songs are brought together and reconciled with the knowledge that life goes on ? something that's hard to see and accept when one is in the throes of the awful pain of love lost, of the feeling of abandonment and betrayal, of helplessness and hopelessness. The song ends with the hope brought by a new love: 'I'm free at last, I'm in love at last...I'm lost and found...'<br />This is a hard album to listen to and not feel the pain expressed in the songs ? but it's a marvel for that very power: the power to reach out and touch the heart of the listener with the pain and loss (and ultimately, the hope) felt by the artist. It's one of Peter's most beautiful, honest and moving albums ? it's a masterpiece.and the themes of loss and loneliness from the other songs are brought together and reconciled with the knowledge that life goes on ? something that's hard to see and accept when one is in the throes of the awful pain of love lost, of the feeling of abandonment and betrayal, of helplessness and hopelessness. The song ends with the hope brought by a new love: 'I'm free at last, I'm in love at last...I'm lost and found...' <br />This is a hard album to listen to and not feel the pain expressed in the songs ? but it's a marvel for that very power: the power to reach out and touch the heart of the listener with the pain and loss (and ultimately, the hope) felt by the artist. It's one of Peter's most beautiful, honest and moving albums ? it's a masterpiece.
B00020HEG6|5.0|In all honesty, I actually didn't buy the first two soundtracks in fear of going nuts from the over-repetition of &quot;Hedwig's Theme.&quot; This catchy little motive that hearkens back to Sorcerer's Stone is not completely missing in Prisoner of Azkaban; &quot;Lumos&quot; excluded, the great part about this soundtrack is the way in which Williams cleverly slips the theme into a few of the songs - as if to remind you that this film is actually part of a series. (If you don't believe the last part of what I said, listen to the last ten seconds of &quot;Mischief Managed.&quot;) He didn't completely avoid the repetition of a theme in this movie (in this case, &quot;Double Trouble&quot;), but it's done tastefully.<br />A few of the tracks that stuck out in my mind when listening:<br />Aunt Marge's Waltz - Anyone who knows anything about Viennese waltzes will be giggling through all 2 minutes and 15 seconds of this cute, mocking little tribute to everyone's favorite aunt. I actually laughed out loud during the final chords of this song.<br />The Knight Bus - The reason I really enjoy this piece is because just listening to it brings back vivid mental images from the movie. That, and a jazzy number was definitely a welcome break from some of the more mainstream soundtracks out there. That kind of applies to the whole album, really - it is outstanding because of its avoidance of the &quot;normal soundtrack&quot; music you hear a lot nowadays.<br />Buckbeak's Flight - &quot;Jaaack, I'm flying!&quot; Ahem. Anyway, the bliss in this piece is so well-portrayed that you can't help but smile listening to this.<br />The Patronus Light - Oh, it's so creepy and ethereal. And I absolutely love it. Thank you, John Williams, for not making the music in this part of the movie unbearably cheesy. Because that part in the book choked me up, and if you had made it cheesy in the movie I wouldn't have bought the soundtrack.<br />Bottom Line: If you're a fan of Harry Potter or John Williams,or you want to listen to a soundtrack that is actually unique in its own way, I definitely recommend buying this CD. And playing it. Over and over. Like I'm about to go do.
B000000W71|5.0|I have to start this review by using my personal view on this type of music, which is &quot;the best blues songs are written and performed by non-blues musicians&quot;; I happen to think that to fully understand the amount of beauty you can insert in a blues song, you have to have a superior control of music theory, composition, arrangement, your instrument (in this case guitar, obviously) and LOADS of heart and passion!<BR>This is also why I happen to think that Led Zep &quot;Since I've Been Loving You&quot;, David Gilmour's &quot;Marooned&quot;, Gary Moore's &quot;The Loner&quot;, Cinderella's &quot;Long Cold Winter&quot; and Kingdom Come's &quot;What Love Can Be&quot; are the best blues songs ever written.<BR>This Blues &amp; Ballads CD from Gary Moore is absolutely ubeatable in quality of every single track.... great selection!<BR>Only one regret; I happen to think he should have included the above mentioned &quot;The Loner&quot; (even a live version would've been cool) in this collection of superior blues taste and melody.<br />Gary Moore is on top of my list as far as best blues guitarists (and no, Stevie Ray Vaughan doesn't even compare), followed by David Gilmour and Jimmy Page. <BR>His passion is really evident in his guitar playing and his soulful singing, and I'm totally unable to point out any particular song in the CD in question, which is totally worth every penny....<BR>Funny note: even those of you who aren't into the blues will like how Blues &amp; Ballads will create a great classy athmosphere, in your car CD player, driving around with your girlfriend.
1587990717|4.0|As other reviewers have pointed out, this book is not a trading manual. If you are looking for usable market techniques, look elsewhere. However, for those with a classical bent, who enjoy the history of ideas and occasionally even wonder about topics more metaphysical than where the Dow closed today, this is a nice read. Mr. Taleb selects a few lessons from probability theory as applied to the markets, and illustrates them with characters drawn (presumably) from his own life or from his considerable literary knowledge. We learn, for example, why if we watch our portfolios too closely we may be unhappy even with a winning record, why working hard to get that home in the best neighborhood may make our lives miserable, and how our best hope against the depredations of Fortune is personal dignity. Read this for perspective, not portfolio advice.
B0001UL7RY|5.0|I think this album is great mainly because i am an avril fanatic but also because it is really different from her first album &quot;let go&quot; but i think change in this case is good , really good. Her first album was to really make her self known i think and it worked avril now has millions of fans worldwide!!!!   This is an excellent cd well worth buying or checking out !!!!!!!!!!!!
B0001NBMBC|4.0|This CD sounds just like Iowa..with about 4-5 softer songs..How can fans of Slipknot say that their band went soft? I just listened to the CD and every song sounds like ones from Iowa,and some of the music sounds like from their debut album \\"slipknot\\".That hard more ofa hip-hip feel to it.and iowa was more rock.This combines part stone sour/slipknot/iowa...And Corey can actually be understood..if you want music where all you hear is screaming,then listen to the first two slipknot albums(mainly the first)At least on Iowa he tried to actually show some talent..how much talent is there in Screaming? Not much..yeah,if you are singing and then scream,then fine..but to just scream for 5 minutes straight,no...sorry...thats called a cheap way to make money off 13 year olds who dont know what real music is.this CD is jus tlike their others,but with better vocals.It is still hard,dont listen to ppl who are saying Slipknot went soft.just a few songs are soft(Stone Sour type stuff) And why did they put that stuff on here? Probaly because they realized that Stone Sour as a band makes better music that appeals to everyone.Slipknot is just as hard on this album,so if you liked the first two,you will like this..But thats only if you can get over the fact that Corey does not Yell every single song..oh what a shame,i dont have to listen to some guy in a mask yell for an hour or more,thats ashame .This cd actually shows that these guys have some talent in them.I likeda few songs on their past CDS(wait and bleed,heretic anthem,Left Behind,My plague) because you could understand what he was saying...and its true,there are 9 members but on this CD you cant tell that..thats the only downfall here.On the other cds it sounded chaotic with 9 people,here it is more organized..and it is more organized cause they worked with Rick Rubin(best producer ever)RHCP,Jay-z /every other good CD that has came out in the past 10 years he has produced basicaly.he does rapandrock and anything.and he made Slipknot show their best side,the REAL msic side.Long live slipknot!!! P.s. The song Duality sounds alot like other Slipknot songs of the past,so what are ppl saying it sounds like Disco ? Its got an awesome beat to it and Corey is talking in a low voice and it sounds MENACING.thats the only word to describe it..Dark and MENACING.Awesome CD for real Music lovers of any kind!!!
B00003CXCT|1.0|It seems that the power of George is far-reaching and quite merciless, like the crushing fist of the Empire.  I won't go into great detail but it seems that one of my posts has been removed due to a policy about conflicting material, i.e. I submitted a post (thinly) disguised as St. George himself.  I can only assume that a Lucas Arts crony saw my post and leaned on Amazon to remove it.  <br />The post was funny and mostly harmless (when I say harmless I mean it was acerbic and it mocked George's credibility as a visionary, as well as a human being).  But the fact that I happen to think George: <BR>a. Has lost his touch.<BR>b. Never had it.<BR>c. Is a power hungry, money grubbing, sociopathic, megalomanical madman.<br />OR <br />d. All the above.<br />Doesn't give them the right to censor my opinion about his tactics and/or his films.  That's what writing reviews are supposed to be all about, sharing opinions so everyone can make an informed decision.  <br />I want to end this by saying, anyone that grew up with these films(actually saw them in the theaters) and can stand by his new abominations, has been sadly misguided.  I can only hope that after watching these \\"new\\" films, some of you will say, \\"That (put expletive here) was right!\\", and the truth will be revealed.  Maybe one day George will have his own truth revealed to him.  Being inspired by the works of Joseph Campbell, surely one day he will be able to understand the mythology that has been formulated around his original creations.  And instead of constantly trying to pervert or \\"enhance\\" the original vision, maybe one day he will come to respect the beauty and innocence of this simple yet complex tale.<br />May the Force be with all of you.
0790731002|2.0|I liked it as a kid, but I saw part of it as an adult and the acting is absolutely painful, especially Carrey and Jones. The script is also long-winded and choppy. The riddles that the Riddler conceives are really stupid and predictable. This movie was terrible, yes, but not because of Val Kilmer. He actually made a good Batman.
B00008YZYM|1.0|Dont get this movie if u wanna see a classic Parent Trap, get the one from 1969.
1577311523|5.0|In this book, Tolle explains that in &quot;the Now&quot;, we find an inner-foundation of infinite security and peace. In the Now, we attain enlightenment. Once we have attained ultimate enlightenment, however, we don't feel impelled to sit under a banyan tree, or on a park bench, contemplating life, and wallowing in a state of bliss. No. With our newly found security and peace, we feel safe enough and strong enough to get involved in the world, share our love and peace with others, lighten up, and enjoy the ups and downs of this world - knowing full well that we are infinitely secure, and that death is not the end. This book is a half-way house on the road to Ultimate Enlightenment. It tells half the story, and tells it well. &quot;The Now&quot; is a state of Buddhahood, the Kingdom of God within, the transcendent Mind of God, which we, as finite beings, can connect with at will - depending on our stage of spiritual growth. That's what our state of &quot;enlightenment&quot; depends on: our stage of growth, which spans over many lives - on earth, in the astral planes, even in Heaven itself. This book reflects Tolle's stage of growth. It makes an interesting read.
B000062Y98|5.0|I'll tell you what; I have heard Blind Guardian's work in the past, and to be honest, it never really held my attention.  As I was looking through the music here, I noticed that this album had more five star reviews than just about any other album I have seen, so obviously I had to check it out.  This is one of the most original, powerful, and energetic albums I have ever heard, and WOW is it complex.  As a matter of fact, the first couple of times that I heard it, I could tell that it was good, but it was way too much for my ears to absorb.  I have never heard this many instrumental and vocal layers in any rock work ever.  After a while, I began to sift through them and the results are breathtaking.  <br />So style.  I would describe this as being Blind Guardian on speed.  The guitar riffs are not as heavy as past works, and are replaced by layer after layer of guitar leads, orchestrial arrangements, and vocals.  The songs tend to be extremely energetic and powerful.  I think that ONE of these songs has more variety in it than most bands put on an entire album.  They flow together extremely nice, even though they are constantly shifting to different parts.  The vocals are almost entirely choir vocals, so it does have that &quot;cheese&quot; factor of other power-metal.  Generally I don't care for this, but it works extremely well for this style.  Most of the songs are in the 6-7 minute range, with one opus that is 14 minutes, and I have never heard a song this long that sounds this cohesive.  The whole album is right about at the 70 minute mark, and every moment of it is amazing and unique.<br />This is definate headphone music.  If you listen to it on a sub-par stereo, I am warning you that it is just going to sound like a glob of sound.  On a good stereo, it is still going to sound like a glob of sound the first time that you listen to it.  It is THAT complex.  <br />I would strongly urge anyone who likes music a little different from what you are used to, to check it out.  This is an album that is well worth adjusting to the unique sound that it has.  A final note or warning though, the title of this is A Night at the Opera for a reason, so make sure you fully realize what you are about to listen too.  Give it a chance, you probably will be very happy that you did.
B00005ATQF|3.0|After watching the first three quarters of an hour set on Paris Island, the marine boot camp, the rest of the movie loses steam and much of its focus. Clearly Kubrick was the master of exploring the darker aspects man's psyche. What perfect vehicle to explore that further than in the counter-cultural world of basic military training. This part of the film has a sense of unity and purpose. Even the scoring is reduced to its basic military components derived from the marine corp hymn book. The brutality of this segment overshadows the final acts and the movie seems contrived and at times desperate to be profoundly ironic, which it never is. Kubrick spends much of the latter part of the film trying to mimic Coppola. He's so intensely aware of this that he purposely chooses a soundtrack which is less rock and roll (traditional for such films)opting for shcmaltzy pop tunes instead, which doesn't really work. Neither does the derelict English industrial estate used as the stand in for Hue. It just never looks convincing, although the final segment with the sniper is well done . Casting is a mixed bag. Lee Ermey (Paris Island DI) will stand out in cinematic history as one of the most remarkable characterizations ever filmed. Matthew Modine on the other hand is just too light weight to be convincing as Joker the &quot;Born to KIll&quot; journalist wannabe. Even as a narrator (a classic Kubrickian touch) Modine seems awkward and contrived. Compare that with McDowell's voice over in Clockwork and it shows just how weak he is. Unfortunately Kubrick or those around him just didn't pick up on these flawed elements. I personally believe that Kubrick only made this film because the opening segment was so compelling, which is why it shines. The rest of the film is just about tying up loose ends and fulfulling the three act formula. Too bad because it could have been a masterpiece.
B000002KET|5.0|Love this!  I mostly remember this on vinyl.  I did a lot of LSD while experimenting with this volume.  &quot;A National Acrobat&quot; is a GREAT song.  Being a bass player, this song does a lot to get your fingers moving.  &quot;Sabra Cadabra&quot; is a classic.  I only wish they didn't execute the dreary ending.  It is ok, but when the first half of the song ends, you are merely left with ashes.  My all time favorite track is &quot;Spiral Staircase&quot;.  What a Beautiful song.  I have enjoyed many psychedelic journeys with it.  This is a must have for anyone that appreciates GOOD music.
B0001Z53AQ|1.0|Hey you haterz quit makin fun of my favorite group, u dont know nothing about thiz hardcore hip-hop album......JUST KIDDING....Datz whut idiot fanz be sayin, but they dont know nothing bout real hip-hop or gangsta rap. Why yall listen to garbage muzik??? I get headachez listenin to theze idiotz known az feminem and the down syndrome dozen....cmon wtf iz wit dat dude that sayz he f**kz midgetz.....pure retarded muzik....I REALLY WANT HIP-POP TO END.....especially dat stupid 50 centz mumblin dumazz....buy muzik dat where made in tha 87-99 fo real muzik.....buy Esham or Natas albumz.....Eminem and D12 copy their stylez frum Esham....sumthin half yall don know bout<br />If thiz review iz not helpful to you and you want to support Hip-Pop so you can get every idiot into new bubblegum rap pop junk...press \\"NO\\".....if your a true hip-hop, rap, gangsta rap listener....press \\"YES\\".....Help yoself....i jus wanna see if there iz more retardz in thiz world!!!
B00005Q4CS|4.0|One of the most surprising and enticing movies of the last years, this cult classic (yes, it`s a modern classic already) presents a superb and unforgettable perspective about the nature of addiction (not just drugs). <br />Darren Aronofsky delivers some cutting-edge moments here, managing to offer terrific camera-angles with a powerful, fluid photography and an urban, hypnotic soundtrack. He`s one of the most promising directors around, resembling David Fincher, Chris Nolan or Richard Kelly due to his videoclip-like cinematography. <br />The plot focuses the lives of four alienated and lonely individuals whose experiences with addiction lead them to a downward spiral, generating a couple of astonishing and surreal scenes. &quot;Trainspotting&quot; was one of the essential movies of the nineties, as it delivered a new perspective on drugs and its effects, but &quot;Requiem for a Dream&quot; is equally impressive, creative and original, presenting multiple memorable moments worth rewatching. <br />Its non-linear structure may be confusing at parts, some characters are not fully developed and the overall tone of the film is way too depressing (even a bit pretentious), still &quot;Requiem for a Dream&quot; shines as a respectable and strong achievement nonetheless. <BR>This is independent filmaking at its best, a rich and multi-layered cinematic experience that doesn`t disappoint.<br />Highly Recommended.
B00025ETIW|5.0|I was going to buy this on June 8th, the day it came out but I didn't have the cash so I got it like four days late... Oh well. First off, if you're even reading this review, you probably know how much MCR kicks arse in the first place. To compare albums though with the last one is where it gets a little picky. They both rock. After listening to \\"Three Cheers for Sweet Revenge\\", I found myself very pleased. It seems like yes even though there is less screaming and more pop influence, the song writing and sound has improved a bit. You can tell that they spent more than the three days they spent on their debut album. If you liked the first album, go buy this one, you'll most likely like it. As others have said, I would give MCR one more album and they will own the entire scene.
B0001NBMBC|1.0|I realy found  slipknot's  newest album to be truly horrible...They are just following crappy bands like korn,staind,limp bizkit,flaw, &amp; stone sour and they once were *heavy&quot; not that i think any of those bands i named are heavy but they were a lil more agressive &amp; a lil heavier then what they sound today. No heavyness whats so ever! I mean, if you think this is heavy then you might as well find creed or pearl jam to be so truly heavy and dont know bands like red chord,daughters,agoraphobic nose bleed etc... Siriously tho, Its  disturbing how all this nu-metal pu**y bands start out all we about the music then they prove that money is their only interest! Personaly, i never thought that slipknot,korn,limp bizkit,flaw etc... Were ever heavy or coming close to being heavy and i always have hated them and always will because they suck and there's no talent in their &quot;music&quot; at all! I can play acoustic  way better then slipksh*t can and will make them run for their money i assure you'll!! Trend is a terrible thing and nu-metal is all about being fake &amp; trendy worse then hip hop. You'll should just put the instruments down &amp;  give it to ppl who can actullie play  it and  i go further to say that korn,linkin park,slipknot,limp bizkit,flaw etc...All need to be rappers  like nelly,jkwon all those guys! Don't buy this !
B00000AFWZ|5.0|Collecting the complete Lenny Kaye NUGGETS double-LP set that has gone down in the history books and adding 3 more CD's chockful of garage/punk/psychedelic classics you've never heard of, the NUGGETS boxed set is better than essential. It's QUINTESSENTIAL, the end-all meet-all of all 60s garage compilations.<br />Hardcore collectors will champion the PEBBLES and BACK TO THE GRAVE series as a better representation of the genre by unearthing rarer than rare singles, but the NUGGETS set is far more accessible and covers everything from Beatles-wannabes to guitar-slammin' pre-punk to trippy folk-rock to rhythmic vocal showcases. I won't bother pointing out all the highlights, as each disc is a non-stop smorgasbord of excellent music. Only a handful of songs could have easily been left out (&quot;Louie Louie&quot; by The Kingsmen and &quot;Wooly Bully&quot; by Sam the Sham and the Pharoahs are a little too obvious, and &quot;At the River's Edge&quot; by The New Colony Six is awful), and if the music wasn't enough, you get a thoroughly researched book packed with essays and track-by-track history on each song, including personnel and record info!<br />If you don't have this one yet, what are you waiting for?! Shame on you for hesitating this long!!
B000002KFJ|5.0|The very first time I ever dropped LSD was the first time I listened to Sabotage.  &quot;Hole in the Sky&quot; is the song I want played at my funeral!  This song is best heard when the headphones are cranked!  I also LOVE &quot;Megalomaniac&quot;.  Obsessed with the entire album.  &quot;the Writ&quot;  has its own flavor.  I enjoy every song on this.  This cd is so cheap, you cannot go wrong with the price.  Even if you only like &quot;Symptom of the Universe&quot;, you are getting a GREAT deal.  Just sample it and you will soon see that you will order this one......
B00005U18E|2.0|&quot;Bridget Jone`s Diary&quot; is, well, just another watchable and predictable romantic comedy. Not that there`s anything terribly wrong with that, but with such praise I expected something better and more original. Well, actually I didn`t, as this type of flick always follows the same routine. This british comedy is neither better nor worse than &quot;Notting Hill&quot; or &quot;Four Weddings and a Funeral&quot;, managing to deliver a decent enough story with competent acting and a couple (not many, actually) funny moments (just funny, far from hilarious). Rene Zellweger is an ok actress, but I don`t really see why so many claim she`s so excellent. She`s appropriate to the role, not terrific, and her character is nothing more than a &quot;been there, done that&quot; stereotype about the modern woman. Overall, this movie is an average and harmless comedy, watchable on a boring weekend afternoon and forgettable for the most part.<br />A typical chick flick.
B000002ADT|5.0|Kind of Blue is a famous album, the number 1 jazz best seller and - some would say - the best jazz album ever. This particular CD edition is the one to have because it has as a bonus an alternate take of &quot;Flamenco Sketches&quot; and more importantly, as the liner note points out, the 20-bit re-mastering gives the music a greater depth and richness of tone. Also all the tracks now play at the correct pitch - unlike previous versions on LP, tape or CD - so musicians can play along with the music if they want to.<br />The album is famous partly for the way in which it combined modal harmonies (the use of scales rather than conventional chord sequences) with more traditional structures, giving the improvising soloist a greater range and freedom in his solos. This in itself marked a new phase in Miles's continually developing music, although the implications of the music were probably exploited most fully by John Coltrane in his subsequent work after leaving Miles's group. The fairly slow pace of the pieces on this album enabled Coltrane to play with a degree more relaxation (if that's an appropriate word) than was often the case in previous recordings with Miles. He solos with typical probing intensity on the medium tempo tracks and with a kind of dignified tenderness on the slow pieces, &quot;Flamenco Sketches&quot; and &quot;Blue in Green&quot;. <br />There's a school of thought which holds that Cannonball Adderley, even if he is a technically accomplished musician playing at his best here, is 'the weakest link' in this group, unable to make anything genuinely his own out of his glib Charlie Parker clichs. On the other hand, Miles Davis obviously thought him worth employing on what he seems to have regarded as an important project. Decide for yourself. <br />Miles himself sounds majestic and confident throughout, subtly varying his tone and making typically creative use of space in his melodic lines. He had often been at his most inspired when playing on blues-based themes at a steady walking pace which gave him the time to think ahead, to 'place' his phrases and to shape his solos, as he does here on &quot;All Blues&quot;, &quot;Freddie Freeloader&quot; and (although it's not a blues) &quot;So What&quot;. On &quot;Flamenco Sketches&quot; his tightly muted trumpet gives his playing a sense of controlled passion that anticipates some of his work on the Sketches of Spain album. On the lovely ballad &quot;Blue in Green&quot; his use of the mute conveys more of a wistful, piercing lyricism. <br />Of central importance to the music is pianist Bill Evans. The eight months he had previously spent with the group (Miles had invited him back for Kind of Blue) convinced Miles that he was the right man for the album he had in mind. Not only was Evans closely involved in the evolution of the music, but also his calm, poised, impressionistic playing - behind the soloists and in his own finely wrought solos - is enormously important in sustaining the mood of each piece. Listen to the cryptic way in which his simple cadences on &quot;So What&quot; and his shimmering trills on &quot;All Blues&quot; establish the mood of those pieces from their opening bars. And who else could have 'orchestrated' the haunting &quot;Blue in Green&quot; with such glowing lyricism? On &quot;Freddie Freeloader&quot;, the one piece on which Evans doesn't play, Wynton Kelly's lively, funkier playing gives a different kind of pleasure. Underneath all this interesting work by the soloists there is the calm, disciplined drumming of Jimmy Cobb and the rock steady beat of the magnificent Paul Chambers on bass.
B000003JBM|5.0|I've always been a big fan of Guru and Gangstarr and they haven't really ever let me down in producing quality music. This is definitely no exception. A fantastic blend of smooth jazz and hip hop featuring many great artists. <br />It's not the fusion that makes this such a great album, it's the way in which it is fused. Guru's deep and meaningful lyrics go well the fantabulous vocals of N'Dea Davenport to create beautiful music. This is best displayed on the final track of the album &quot;Sights in the City&quot;. <br />For anyone who buys this and likes it as much as I do, I would also recommend 'Jazzmatazz' volumes 2 and 3, which also feature a number of up and coming artists, some who've already established themselves considerably. <br />I hope Guru becomes more successful in creating a 'Jazzmatazz' genre of music!
6302842557|5.0|From reading my other reviews you wouldn't think this would<BR>be my kind of movie but it turned out to be JUST my kind of movie!And yes I can believe Mozart was the bratty genius (we still have so many ammong us now) who provides the movie's<BR>memorable comic moments,especially when he irreverantly dismisses Itallian opera as 'screeching tenors and fat couples<BR>rolling there eyes' to Emperor Joseph himself.Salieri comes across as a decent but rather pious composer who (somewhat rightfully) proclaims himself the 'patron saint of mediocrity'<BR>to a minister as he explains his story,blaming himself for <BR>Mozarts early demise.Honestly I believe that death was baught<BR>on largly by the composers heavy drinking and compulsive work<BR>habits.In the end Milos Forman creates a film that is both highly artful AND enormously entertaining and even comical at<BR>times.Tom Hulce's distinctive laugh certainly give his character<BR>a colorful arrogance that is very appealing in it's own way.<BR>And F.Murray Abraham as Salieri turns in a frighteningly adept<BR>portrayal of Mozart's jeleous rival.Not to be missed is the<BR>almost deadpan Jeffry Jones as the musically talentless emperor<BR>gamely 'figuring out' an inanely simple melody designed to greet<BR>Mozart at the early end of the movie.Dramatic,comic,simple and<BR>epic all at once-for fans of excellent movie making that will<BR>keep your attention this deserves to be in your collection without hesitation!
B000002KDS|5.0|While &quot;Welcome to My Nightmare&quot; is the best Alice Cooper solo album, &quot;Killer&quot; is the best Alice Cooper group album!!!. Every song on this album is a classic, This may be the best Rock album of all time.<br />If you have'nt already bought this, for shame!!!, buy it now!!
B00005614M|5.0|The music on this CD was recorded in 1949/50, but acquired its famous album title only retrospectively, in 1957. As a jazz term, `cool' means something more specific than the vague, all-purpose adjective-noun it has since become. It came to particular prominence in the 1950s to describe a more cerebral, less impassioned way of playing jazz. It's generally supposed that these sessions were part of the inspiration for the `cool school' of jazz.which flourished especially on the West Coast in the 1950s. That's possibly the main reason for the historical importance of the `Birth of the Cool' sessions and the album may therefore be of more appeal to those interested in the historical development of jazz than to listeners who merely enjoy Miles's own playing. <br />The historical interest centres primarily on these pieces as examples of jazz composition and arrangement. Along with the work of composer-arranger Tadd Dameron and some of Gil Evans's arranging for the Claude Thornhill Band, these scores were innovative in adapting the procedures of `Be-Bop' to orchestrated jazz and in the ways in which they deployed the instruments of the nine-piece band, which included, unusually, French horn and tuba alongside trumpet, trombone and alto and baritone saxes. They skilfully exploit the variety of timbres and tone colours to create a sound suggestive of a larger band. This is especially true of Evans's pieces, which show his interest in rich, unusual and shifting chord voicings, although Mulligan's more ingenious arrangements also create some full-sounding, inventive passages. There's a brilliant moment in Evans's arrangement of `Boplicity' when, within the space of just a few bars, a thematic figure spreads through the instrumentation with a kind of `rippling' effect as a bridging section between Mulligan's and Miles's solos. It is inspired scoring in its own right, but it also seems to anticipate in miniature some of what Evans was later to do with larger jazz orchestras. Hisslow ballad arrangement, `Moondreams', makes use of a favourite Evans technique of varying the chord voicings for different sections of a composition, to give the piece a sense of variety and continuous development. In the final bars he also employs a kind of `impressionist' technique when the music seems to dissolve into little asymmetrical fragments of melody and rhythm before resolving itself in a brief, quiet coda. <br />Some of the other tracks - like John Lewis's arrangement of the up-tempo, `Move' - are entertaining as scaled-down `big-band' performances without being as strikingly original as Evans's scores. John Carisi's contribution, `Israel', is one of the most adventurous themes on the album, seeming to point a way forward from `Be-Bop' to a more advanced harmonic style, but doing so by means of a skilful variation on one of jazz's most `traditional' forms, the 12-bar blues. It may be that Gerry Mulligan's arrangements tend to be underrated by comparison with Evans's - perhaps because they sound more influenced by the styles and procedures of mainstream jazz. But his scores have their innovative touches, like the rhythmic and harmonic `dislocation' he gives to the middle-eight section of `Jeru'. In their own right they are characterful, enjoyable pieces, and since he contributed most of the arrangements he was a major factor in the success of the album and its subsequent influence. He contributes an interesting reminiscence of the sessions as an addition to the liner notes. <br />Another interesting `historical' dimension of Birth of the Cool is the collaboration of three composer-musicians who in the 1950s went on to make major contributions to modern jazz through their subsequent individual projects: Lewis with the Modern Jazz Quartet, Mulligan with his pianoless quartets and Concert Jazz Band, and Evans with his later collaborations with Miles and others. <br />This was, I believe, Miles's first album under his own name; but it's his early-fifties small-group sessions that best document his progress as a jazz improviser, particularly those which produced such classics as \\"Walkin\\", \\"Bemsha Swing\\" and \\"Bags' Groove\\" - as well as a series of fine ballad performances (there is little ballad playing on this album). Arguably, Miles had been a `cool' musician from the start of his career with Charlie Parker. If so, these sessions can be seen as part of a process (begun during his time with Parker) of his adapting the `hot' medium of Be-Bop to his own stylistic purposes. However, the liner note argues a contrary view: that Miles could not really be categorised as a `cool' player. For me, Miles's improvised solos here are less interesting than his later work was to become, when the overt expression of feeling had became more prominent in his music. He was some way from developing that individual sound, with its brooding `flat' tonality and emotive colouring, which from the late 1950s was to make him one of the most immediately identifiable soloists in jazz. An additional limitation is that the soloists were restricted to very short solos, so that one of the strengths in Miles's later music - his ability to `build' an improvisation over two or more choruses - was not possible in these sessions. Nevertheless, there are some well-constructed solos from Miles, especially on \\"Jeru\\", \\"Godchild\\" and \\"Rocker\\", suggesting that the need for brevity encouraged him to make short solos as structured and `eventful' as he could. <br />So, historically significant though it is, Birth of the Cool won't necessarily appeal to those who have discovered Miles's music via Kind of Blue, Milestones, Sketches of Spain, etc. Less immediate in its appeal than that later work, it is perhaps music that you have to `learn to like' - though maybe that's generally true of modern jazz.
B000003JBM|5.0|I've always been a big fan of Guru and Gangstarr and they haven't really ever let me down in producing quality music. This is definitely no exception. A fantastic blend of smooth jazz and hip hop featuring many great artists. <br />It's not the fusion that makes this such a great album, it's the way in which it is fused. Guru's deep and meaningful lyrics go well the fantabulous vocals of N'Dea Davenport to create beautiful music. This is best displayed on the final track of the album &quot;Sights in the City&quot;. <br />For anyone who buys this and likes it as much as I do, I would also recommend 'Jazzmatazz' volumes 2 and 3, which also feature a number of up and coming artists, some who've already established themselves considerably. <br />I hope Guru becomes more successful in creating a 'Jazzmatazz' genre of music!
B00003CXSP|1.0|The production and performances were up to the excellent levels established in the Silence of the Lambs and Red Dragon, right up to the moment when Lechter apparently amputated his own hand rather than give the cuff chain a few well placed whacks. This ending was so lame that the crew probably had to hold the author against his will: bound and gagged, and screaming while he was stuffed into the broom closet.<BR>The original ending in the book would have held the door slightly ajar for another awesome sequel.<BR>This ending so disgusted me that I threw the tape in the trash.
0792833236|5.0|Robert De Niro is SPECTACULAR in this amazing 80's classic about boxer Jake La Motta. I really don't think I should discuss this film any further, all I can say is that if you haven't seen it yet, then you absolutely must see it now, and if you've seen it already, well, see it again and relish in the brilliance of the entire thing. From the perfectly profane and in your face script to the excellent supporting performances from Cathy Moriarty and ESPECIALLY Joe Pesci, this film is a masterpiece of a character study. <br />The ending scenes are some of the best you will ever see, and Robert De Niro gives us all some of the truest,most wrenching, and unbelievably powerful acting-EVER. This is a masterful drama that can be watched over and over again and still punch you in the gut.And this is the film which solidifies(at least for me) that Bobby D here is one of the greatest actors of all time.A wrenching,intense, powerful picture-and one of my favorite films of all time.
B00005B58Y|5.0|If Milestones is one of Miles's great albums, meriting a 5-star rating, I think it's mainly on the strength of its three best tracks: &quot;Milestones&quot;, &quot;Straight No Chaser&quot; and &quot;Sid's Ahead&quot;. For me, the three weaker tracks are the ones at the fastest tempos. &quot;Billy Boy&quot; is a feature for the rhythm section as a piano trio, therefore mainly for pianist Red Garland. Unfortunately, although a technically accomplished player and possibly highly regarded by many listeners, he always seemed to me a lightweight, superficial soloist; and since the piece is a corny arrangement of a very trite tune it's no surprise if it fails to improve with repeated listening, despite the brilliance of Paul Chambers and Philly Joe Jones which gives the piece its vitality. &quot;Two Bass Hit&quot; may have been an entertaining novelty number in the heyday of be-bop but it's hardly one of John Lewis's best compositions. Miles doesn't solo on this one, so it's mainly a feature for Coltrane's and Adderley's fast playing. If you like that sort of thing, there's more of it on &quot;Dr Jackle&quot;, another rather uninteresting boppish theme. Coltrane and Adderley demonstrate their skill at playing lots of notes per minute. Miles shows how fewer notes can be used to greater effect (&quot;less is more&quot;), giving the impression that he is playing on top of the tempo rather than racing to keep up with it. <br />&quot;Milestones&quot; (a.k.a. &quot;Miles&quot;) is better. Like most of the material on Miles's 'Kind of Blue' album it's a simply constructed but interesting modal theme which challenges the soloists and inspires them to some carefully thought out solos. Even better in my opinion is the group's version of Thelonius Monk's up-tempo blues, &quot;Straight No Chaser&quot;. Like &quot;Milestones&quot; (though it's a different kind of piece) it's an interesting composition in its own right, ingeniously constructed out of a simple motif. With its strong harmonic foundation and bouncing swing it brings out the best in Coltrane and Adderley, as in Miles himself who plays with elegance as well as 'bite'. &quot;Sid's Ahead&quot; is another 12-bar blues, this one at a moderate 'walking' pace - a type of piece and a tempo which suited Miles and inspired some of his best improvising (try &quot;Walkin' &quot; and  &quot;Bags' Groove&quot; from 1954 and &quot;All Blues&quot; and &quot;Freddie Freeloader&quot; on 'Kind of Blue'). <br />If you like Coltrane's and Adderley's playing of this vintage (before Trane went 'avant garde' and Cannonball went commercial) you will probably want this album if you don't already have it. If you like Garland's piano playing you will enjoy &quot;Billy Boy&quot; more than I do. I respect his technical skill, but I never hear any kind of 'depth' in anything he played. I've known people to feel the same about 'Cannonball' Adderley. Miles in his solos never plays less than well and there is some of his best work on what I've identified as the three best tracks. Paul Chambers is superb as usual. Philly Joe Jones is magnificent and, for aficionados of the better modern jazz drumming, he may well be the real star of the session.
B000003JBM|5.0|I've always been a big fan of Guru and Gangstarr and they haven't really ever let me down in producing quality music. This is definitely no exception. A fantastic blend of smooth jazz and hip hop featuring many great artists. <br />It's not the fusion that makes this such a great album, it's the way in which it is fused. Guru's deep and meaningful lyrics go well the fantabulous vocals of N'Dea Davenport to create beautiful music. This is best displayed on the final track of the album &quot;Sights in the City&quot;. <br />For anyone who buys this and likes it as much as I do, I would also recommend 'Jazzmatazz' volumes 2 and 3, which also feature a number of up and coming artists, some who've already established themselves considerably.
B000148KK2|2.0|Love her previous works, this one is poor in comparison.
B0001HAHXW|3.0|It was a long time coming but in a way inevitable that Eric Clapton would do an all-Robert Johnson cover album. Clapton is so immersed in the blues, his &quot;From the Cradle&quot; album but being one example. I was really excited about hearing this album. Ouch!<br />&quot;Me and Mr. Johnson&quot; (14 tracks, 49 min.) faithfully covers 14 of Robert Johnson's known 29 tracks. The album gently rolls along with tracks like &quot;Little Queen of Spades&quot;, and &quot;Traveling Riveside Blues&quot;, both the better of the bunch. Yet something is lacking, I'm not sure how to put my finger on it, but maybe Clapton is covering the songs TOO faithfuly? There is a lack of excitement throughout, I don't know how to put it differently.<br />It may be a completely unfair comparison, but for my taste I really enjoyed the recent Aerosmith all-blues album &quot;Honkin' on Bobo&quot; so much more! I would never question Clapton's integrity and commitment to the blues, but this album just didn't do it for me, sorry.
B0001UL7RY|1.0|3 words. Fake industry girl.<br />She doesn't 'write' any of her songs guys, come on, she's got the talent to 'scribble' down some lyrics, and with lyrics like these, how hard would that be for you or I to do? <br />Stop falling for the music industry's ploy to give you something opposite of ms. Spears, that's actually the damn same thing.<br />Steer yourself towards real musicians who aren't fake and created by the industry.<br />SHE USED TO BE A SINGER IN HER CHRISTIAN CHURCH BEFORE SHE STARTED SINGING AND BEING ANGSTY. Get a clue. Don't be a tool to the music industry.
B00007G207|1.0|Cinema Paradiso is one of my favorite movies ever.  This review is about the director's cut, it just ruins the whole movie.  If you loved the original movie, don't watch this new version.<br />Cinema Paradiso is mainly a love story.  But it's not about the relationship between Toto and Elena, it's about the relationship between Toto and Alfredo.  The new version turns the whole move upside down.  Not only the plot, but the characters too.  Elena becomes the most important part of the story.  And the character of Alfredo becomes a completely different person through the eyes of Toto.  I don't want to give away anything about the \\"new\\" plot.  But believe me, the director's cut and it's brand new 51 minutes changes the whole movie into -what a critic said, \\"mundane soup opera.\\"
6302648750|5.0|I have watched this movie a couple of times in the past, and enjoyed it each time. &quot;Death Becomes Her&quot; is not recommended for little kids (preschool to early elementary age), since there is a few violent scenes, but most people of older ages will definately enjoy this one.<BR>   This movie is about two women, Madeline Ashton and Helen Sharp.  Helen's fiance is Earnest Menville, a plastic surgeon. Earnest ends up married to Madeline, who stole Earnest from Helen. Helen gets fat and in an obsessive state on getting even with Madeline.  Then the movie gets better as the two women meets a beautiful woman who gave them a &quot;immorality&quot; potion....and then see what happens next. You'll just have to get this really good funny movie to find out!
B00009Y2K9|5.0|Dieguito El Cigala is one of the most greatest flamenco singers at this time; I think This record fusses the amazing traditional music of Cuba (Just hear Bebbo Valdez and his son Chucho playing the piano) and the Cante Flamenco in the voice and feeling of Cigala.<BR>I saw at El Cigala and Chucho in Mexico city playing alive the songs from this album and it really  made me cry of emotion. <BR>I have just one complain about the contents in the album, Why they leave Concierto de Aranjuez out of this ?.
B000002UAI|3.0|Beatles for Sale, like the other early Beatles albums, is only available on CD in mono.  Why??<br />I was in a local record store a few weeks ago and found a near-mint copy of Beatles for Sale on vinyl in stereo.  After becoming used to the mono CD, I was amazed at how much better this album sounds in stereo!  I enjoy listening to this version of the album so much more.<br />The mono CD makes the Beatles sound like a low-fidelity garage band.  In stereo, everything sounds fuller, clearer, and more powerful and I realized this is actually a good album.  Even the purposely over-the-top and cheesy &quot;Mr. Moonlight&quot; benefits from being in stereo, believe it or not.  I hope one day soon the early Beatles albums are rereleased on CD in stereo...please!<br />I must be one of the few people who could do without &quot;Words of Love,&quot; although I do agree that the guitar work paved the way for other 60's bands.  Most of the other songs on this album are really great.  John Lennon's screaming vocals on &quot;Rock and Roll Music&quot; absolutely blow me away every time.<br />In its current release on CD, Beatles for Sale is worthy of 3 stars because the mono mix does not even come close to doing these songs justice.  Instead, it makes them sound poorly recorded and sloppily produced.  In stereo, I give the album 4 stars.  It may seem silly, but the songs really do sound better in stereo, to the point where it makes the album more enjoyable to listen to.
1556154844|3.0|Back in 1993, when there was a commercial software industry in America and programmers could believe that one could convince management that improving development methods would help company profit, this book was well thought of.<br />Now, any programmer that tried suggesting changes suggested here would have his/her job sent off to Bangalore.
0671027387|5.0|Dan Brown has managed to dazzle readers world-wide with his ability to weave fact and fiction into a satisfying story that leaves the reader exhilirated and breathless after finishing  one of his books. Following in the footsteps of Tom Clancy and Clive Cussler, Dan Brown captures a loyal readership with intriguing subject matter, leading the reader down labyrinthine pathways that never seem to end but curve and twist in new directions with every turn of the page. In \\"Decepetion Point\\" he combines high tech scientific advancements, US presidential elections and politics, government agencies with secret agendas, and totally realistic characters who have depth and personalities that are believable ... along with mysterious murders that rock the establishment and create tensions that need resolution and closure.<br />The story begins with Rachel Sexton, a beautiful young lady in her mid-30s, who is going to have lunch with her father, a famous senator, and a Presidential candidate for the next, up-coming election. She and her father have different views on politics. Rachel managed to independently obtain a job in the National Reconnaisance Office (NRO), a defense agency, where her abilities had gotten her one of the top level positions in her job category. Suddenly she is summoned to the office of the Director of her department. He reveals she is to secretly meet with the President of the US, about a matter even the Director was not privileged to learn. This top secret meeting not occur at the White House, as Rachel expects, but instead occurs on Air Force One. Rachel learns her skills at NRO have not gone unnoticed ... She is secreted by an F14 jet to a scientific discovery near the Arctic Cirlce, by the Milne Ice Shelf, where she is introduced to the top scientists in the US, a geologist, a physicist, a paleontologist, and a famous TV celebrity biologist/scientist. One of whom is mysteriously found dead in a 200 foot deep icey watery pool ... next to the scientific discovery they were summoned to validate. Needless to say, someone or some sinster group is out to prevent *some* of the truth about this discovery from being thoroughly investigated ... This is how the story begins. The conflicts between government agencies, the political intrigues and rivalries, complete with s*x scandals, and office break-ins, the mysterious group or persons who are responsible for the murders or attempted murders ... are all gradually exposed. The book is highly engaging and fully holds the reader's attenton. There is never a dull moment, as the mysteries developed in this book are unraveled, one tangled colorful thread after the other. Most highly recommended book. Erika Borsos (erikab93)iscovery they were summoned to validate. Needless to say, someone or some sinster group is out to prevent *some* of the truth about this discovery from being thoroughly investigated ... This is how the story begins. The conflicts between government agencies, the political intrigues and rivalries, complete with s*x scandals, and office break-ins, the mysterious group or persons who are responsible for the murders or attempted murders ... are all gradually exposed. The book is highly engaging and fully holds the reader's attenton. There is never a dull moment, as the mysteries developed in this book are unraveled, one tangled colorful thread after the other. Most highly recommended book. Erika Borsos (erikab93)
B000002JS6|5.0|Back In Black is one of the greatest CDs in rock history. The opening song &quot;Hells Bells&quot; is great. But it is nothing compared to the title track. The song &quot;Back in Black&quot; has my favorite guitar solo of all time on it. Angus Young does a great job on all of the songs. &quot;You Shook Me All Night Long&quot; and &quot;Shoot To Thrill&quot; are two other hit songs on this CD. &quot;Rock and Roll Ain't Noise Pollution&quot; is a lesser known, but great song on the CD. Other AC/DC CDs that are good are High Voltage, Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap, Highway To Hell, and Ballbreaker.
B00000IOSU|5.0|When I heard angel and I will remember you I was a fan of hers. Now that I have this album its still so hard to believe that this is a very very good album. I wish that Sarah wrote happy songs but maybe thats not her thing. Her songs always leave you crying and you never forget the songs.
B000002L73|5.0|It's tough to beat the first album because it was startlingly original for its time--a true trendsetter. But this is my favorite album. By this time, the Ramones had honed their considerable rock skills and came out fighting with a big, loud, ugly, jaded, crushing rock record--maybe a bit too metal for many fans. I think it's great: the avalanche of sound gushing from your speakers will floor you! &quot;I'm Not Afraid of Life&quot; is the standout track for me, but they all pummel!
0385512104|5.0|I had read so much about this book and was really looking forward to reading it.  It didn't let me down.  In truth, the plotline has been so well documented and the reviews so frequent that another seems almost pointless.  However, Mark Haddon, has created a book which works on so many different levels and he has done so with such gentle grace, humour and love that it is difficult not to want to add your own voice to those that write to praise this book. <br />Not only do your eyes open to the life of a teenager with Asperger's Syndrome, but your eyes are opened with compassion and joy.  The underlying nature of the book (written in style as if it is the main character, Christopher's own story, with his own prose and with his own observations) automatically creates a work that cannot and will not instruct you in which emotion you as reader should be feeling at any given time. Christopher can't empathise and understand much of other people and emotionalities so how can he juxtapose these onto his own rich inner world and his careful investigation of poor Wellington's death? He has to leave the reader to do that for him. Emotionally, therefore, the book is an untouched canvas which gives you a sea of space in which to feel as you see fit for all the characters in the book.  Me personally, i laughed out loud on packed trains, was chilled to the bone with fear for lovely christopher and at other points, was so proud of him and charmed by him i thought my heart might burst.  Poignant, bittersweet, compassionate, fascinating, informative and delightful.  A magical book that will stay in my collection for a lifetime.
B0000DD7LB|5.0|This is my favourite CD!  I didn't like her before.  But when I heard her CD.  I was amazed!  This is her best CD yet!  If she continues making CDS like this one I will get them all!
B000089RVX|1.0|My friend put this on when I was over his house. After it came on, I barely noticed it was on after that because its so bland and unoriginal...
0783233477|5.0|When I first watched Meet Joe Black a few years back, I liked it for what it was: an entertaining romantic movie. But it's been recently that I watched it again, and took the time to watch carefully, analizing content and acting. Despite being a romantic movie, Meet Joe Black offers a lot to reflect upon: man's mortality and our belief in inmortality.  It definitely has a message. It really stroke me when almost at the end, Anthony Hopkins almost needs to beg Brad Pitt (Death) to take him with him: &quot;It's hard to let go, isn't it?  That's life&quot;.  Those words had a great impact on me because it made me realize how precious life is, and how little we think about this wonderful gift. Also, the fact that Death is depicted here as a positive character confronts the traditional view of Death as something bad and negative. It teaches us how to &quot;love&quot; Death (e.g: Brad Pitt's words, &quot;Susan, thanks for loving me&quot;). I think M.J.B teach us all how to accept the fact that mortality is part of our human nature and since it is so, how to make the most of life. Also, in the same line of Ghost, it emphasizes good vs evil in life, and the rewards it may hold in the afterlife. I must congratulate the cast on their performances, particularly, both Mr. Hopkins and Brad Pitt. Interpreting Death incarnated in a human body must have been difficult, and same applies to the character performed by Mr. Hopkins in his relation to Death. Both characters are very touching and the bond the develop all through the movie too. Great movie.
038073186X|4.0|Do you generally see the twists coming a mile ahead of anyone in murder mystery stories?  Feel smug about it?  Need taking down a peg or two?  Look no further.<br />I came to this book cold but it's won me over completely into Dennis Lehane land.  Initially it reads simply like a well written dime store detective novel, a thoroughly enjoyable whodunnit to see you through the week.  Dialogue and prose-wise this book has it's own rote and humour, a certain lightness, which puts into vibrant contrast its dense, brooding claustrophobic storyline.  A story set in a modern gothic location in the late 40s/early 50s, when, atmospherically the Cold War looms and the wounds of World War II still bite.<br />Two detectives, a missing woman from a sealed room in a mental institute for the criminally insane, on a dark stain of an island off the American coast, obstructive staff, disruptive patients, a storm of hurricane proportions fast approaching and an underbelly richly layered with conspiracy, paranoia, revenge and trauma.  You find yourself reading the book into the dawn hours desperately keeping your eyes open to read just one more page.  Enough! A great book you think?  A rollicking good read?  Can't wait til the ending you think....but... you see... it's at this point that you realise exactly just how much you've been underestimating the author.  A wonderful storyteller and a jaw dropper of an ending.
B0001UL7RY|5.0|This is a great CD, the songs really make you think and I feel the way she sings them straight from the heart! Don't miss this one. You'll listen in the car all the time too.
B00005JM4Z|5.0|This is a great movie. Everybody's saying &quot;OH ITS SOOOO UNREALISTIC SO IT SUCKS&quot;. So wait... just because its unreleastic means it automatically sucks? Wrong answer. The movie that does suck is Lord Of The Rings, kill that movie and watch this. Peace out.
B00013RC9I|4.0|Talkie Walkie has given me a new respect of Air, and after hearing Moon Safari I just considered them another cheesy chillout band like Zero 7. But on Talkie Walkie Air has scrapped all the female singers and let themselves sing the songs. This change helped Air make the best 2 songs of the album, Cherry Blossom Girl and Surfing On A Rocket. The other songs aren't as much fun to listen to as the 2 singles, but they are very good though. Air's new album is very good and I would reccommend it to a person who has owned Moon Safari first though. Also, be informed that it takes a while to appreciate all the songs on this album. Air, good job!
B00005JKJA|5.0|I watched this about thirty times in 2001, stopping only when I had reached a near-breaking point. (Any more thought devoted to this movie at that time would surely have caused an internal snap similar to the one which one a main character is experiencing.)  After that point, in all honesty, I didn't watch it for about two years, even though I loved it, because, I'd felt, I had soaked in eveything I could about the movie.<br />Well now.  I just re-watched MD about two weeks ago, and all I can say is, boy was I wrong.  I hadn't even begun to catch all the many deliberate clues utilized by Lynch in nearly every scene<BR>of this movie. I won't tell you what they are (this is, I'm happy to say, a dummy-proof movie), but i will tell you this:  most of the clues in plain sight or, just as often, within earshot.  Not only should you watch this movie very closely, you should listen just as closely as well. If you do, you'll be vey pleasantly rewarded. (The only other thing I'll say is this: Diane Selwyn is, in one way or another, in every frame of this movie, haunting it like a ghost or a the shadow of a ghost.<br />As for those who say this is just a copout movie, all I can say is: You're wrong.  As for others who say this is just a repeat of Lost Highway, all I can say -- with utmost auhtority -- is: you're wrong, too. MD is superior to LH in every way, not least because it's probably Lynch's first film since BV in which he allowed his subconcsious to write the movie, not other people's expectations.  Regardless of the reasons for this (canceled pilot, French backing), the result is still a masterpiece of psycho-sexual surrealism and wicked satire, as well as a truly poignant story of tragic delusion, dreams bought and sold, and romance failed. (Whether this romance ever actually occured or not is, like most things in this movie, left up in the air.) The only ohter movies, to me, of Lynch's that have this power are Eraserhead nad Blue Velvet.<br />Anyway, rent or buy this, watch it at least twice, and then ejoy.  (If you've got at least half a brain, you will.)
1577311523|1.0|Yes, people love this book as they feel much more in control and at peace with their lives, but these new-age effects are merely short-lived. Life will become a drag again, despite the knowledge and awareness of the subconscious mind etc. And the search for fufillment continues.. <br />This is a feel-good book riddled with numerous deceptions. At first glance it may seemingly make sense, e.g the denial of time, and the non-person of Christ. There are too many to list here, but if you're really curious about this highly-acclaimed book, read it and decide. HOWEVER, don't accept the contents as truth without careful judgment first. <BR>What is feeding him this so-called wisdom? His Being or non-mind? And where do they, or it, originate? <br />It's essentially a feel-good book that is likely to produce short-term personal success, but I strongly feel it's a travesty of the truth.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I saw a review posted on here that said all of Joss's fan club we the ones posting the reviews..  I Would just like I saw..  I have never watched another series done by him.. not Buffy..  not Angel.. nothing..  And I Loved this series.. One of the best things to hit TV in a long time..  I got people from work to watch it .. and they all said the same thing I Said &quot;This show got Cancelled? ..  How in the heck did that happen? &quot;   They all loved it .. and So Do I ..   Its too bad Fox and Universal have a Contract stating there cant be a TV Show made after the movie..  But it is also good to know that Contracts are what Lawyers are good at getting around..    Hopefully the Series will come back after &quot;Serenity&quot; is a hit.
B0000VCZK2|5.0|As a fan of the alien series since I was a child, I can say I am 100% satisfied with this awesome collection. The nine DVD's are packed with the four great movies (with both Widescreen AND fullscreen on each), plenty of extras (probably more than I'll even have time to watch, sadly), and a great case that is small enough to take in the car, on trips, to your friend's house, ect. The extra features are cool, but the movies are where this gets it real luster from. Alien and Alien 3 are more of thrillers/horror movies, and Aliens and Alien Ressurection are more action oriented, but still very creepy. As a warning to people who've never seen a movie in this series, you better not watch this if you have a really weak stomach. These movies are very shocking (and quite graphic). I still remember being shocked as the baby alien ripped out of the guy's stomach.<BR>Alien 10 out of 10. Great movie, very creepy, and very shocking.<BR>Aliens 10 out 10 As I said earlier, more action packed and faster paced than the original, but still pretty creepy.<BR>Alien 3 9.7 out of 10 A very good return to the horror roots of the original (again with only one alien like in the original), but all in all pretty action packed at the end. <BR>Alien Ressurection 9.4 out of 10 Fast paced like in Aliens, and very exciting. I was dissapointed at the ending (I loathed the human-like alien). I liked how they incorporated modern special effects, though.<br />This series is well-worth owning and is fun to watch time and time again.
0792839730|4.0|I liked this film very much. It's not overly patriotic like Saving Private Ryan. It doesn't go for the happy, crowd pleasing ending.  It doesn't pick out heros &amp; bad guys for easy watching and it doesn't oversimplify.<br />This is well-paced, collage-style film about human fallibility and what happens when large wartime operations break down.  <br />The dialogue is superb.  There are 10+ characters interlocked in various relationships at all levels inside the army.  These were the top actors in the world at the time, each with a role to play and an independent fate in the battle.  All these guys are in their 60's now and seeing them so young is a surprise.  Look for John Ratzenberger (Cliff Claven of Cheers) in Robert Redford's paratrooper platoon.<br />The production values were also excellent, on par with the best of WWII movies.  There were many very realistic battle scenes and all the scenery and soldiers, equipment, etc. one could imagine.  To the untrained eye it was 100% authentic.<br />This is not a happy movie or much fun.  It's more real than that. Unfortunately it's also not especially harrowing - you know that things are not going to work out.  It's just thoughtful and well-paced and very watcheable.  If you like WWII movies this one is certainly worthwhile.
B000002KAT|5.0|Quite simply a master stroke by Van Morrison.  If you own the &quot;Best of...&quot; and &quot;Moondance&quot; and find yourself seeking more mystic, soulful, or jazzy material by Van then this album cannot be overlooked.  Quite simply the songs &quot;The Way Young Lovers Do&quot;, &quot;Sweet Thing&quot; and the title track are Van Morrison at his soulful best.
0446608955|5.0|Well this too was another book that I couldn't put down. Nicholas Sparks just knows how to reach through the pages and tear my heart out of my chest. As I've said before from the other books that I have read of his, my emotions were a broad range again this time. I bought the book and the movie, although I enjoyed the book more.
B00008QSA5|3.0|i agree with boogaloo jeffs review,especially the last line... GET &quot;my labors&quot; {nick gravenites/mike bloomfield} this album no doubt highlights mr. bloomfields guitar work  better than any other....hands down. there are a few lame studio tracks by nick alone but the other half of the record is some of the best 60s white boy blues ever recorded... along with fleetwood mac, that you will ever hear! just do it, buy it!!!
B0001UL7RY|5.0|This album is different than the debu album but yet both are genius!<BR>Under my Skin is fabolous,more alternative hard rock tracks<BR>great lyrics,more fast tunes,but slow ones also<BR>Avril is singing strait from the heart specially on 'Slipped Away' &amp; 'How Does It feel'<BR>you could hear a Crannberies influence but in  an AVRIL way on 'Together'<BR>i tried to find a song that i can't listen to in her album<BR>but couldn't find a single one..<BR>this album is perfect<BR>&amp; <BR>this album is Avril style:<BR>i mean by Avril Style music &amp; lyrics<BR>just like LET Go (coz it is Avril style too) <br />so Avril Lavigne is still doin her own thing succesfully<br />keep on the good work gurl..U ROCK!
B00005JMJ4|5.0|This 2003 award-winning movie certainly won my heart.  It's set in Japan and seems like a simple story.  Two Americans meet.  They experience Japan together.  And the audience gets a peak of what it's like to be a stranger in a strange land where a lot gets lost in translation.  Having been to Japan myself, it reminded me of the feelings of not quite being able to communicate.  And the funny mistakes that are inevitable when cultures and languages are so different.<br /><br />Starring Bill Murray and Scarlett Johansson as the two lost souls, their performances are nothing less than brilliant.  I laughed out loud at times.  And at other times I was moved by each of their predicaments with their marriages and their search for meaning in their lives.  Always, I was delighted with the film. There's a feeling of freshness throughout, as if the characters were just opening their eyes for the first time.  It was well paced and the cinematography captured the reality of modern Japan.<br /><br />The DVD had some unexpected extras too - most notably a half-hour documentary about the making of the film.  It followed the film crew from Day One and I loved being steeped in all that behind-the-scenes film lore.  Sophia Coppola was the writer and director.  She won an academy award for the best screenplay written directly for the screen.  I can certainly understand why, especially as I came to understand the challenges of filming in Tokyo.<br /><br />I give this film one of my highest recommendations.  Don't miss it.
6305903182|4.0|Here's one thing you can say about Wes Craven he is not a  idiot<BR>he's a guy who has a interesting idea about movies. In the third installment to the scream series it shows that although the deaths are not creative and there are some problems it all falls together well. Not scary but funny and enjoyable scream 3 gets 4 out of 5 stars because I liked the first two and this one follows up to it. I do recommend it.
B00000JLWW|5.0|An academy award winner!!  Wonderful!  Told against the backdrop of the real event this movie has everything ... a great and story of romance and courage in the face of disaster. Great and important theme.  Also bravo for the technical know-how and special effects that could only be possible today.  The drama flowed effortlessly and I felt I was there, feeling the reality of a ship going down.  I cried often and didn't take my eyes from the screen at all and the three hours were action packed and didn't seem one bit too long.<br />The flaws were minor and didn't matter at all.  All that mattered was this wonderful story told with an excellent script,great directing and superb acting.  In the future, all movies will be judged against this one.  Don't miss it.
B00003CXCT|1.0|The hubris of Mr. Lucas's decision to change and then blot out the history of his prior work. Star Wars is a culturally significant piece of art, due a slot in the Library of Congress. Theses and dissertations will be written by historians, sociologists, and film scholars for the next hundred years plying apart social shifts and technical advances in filmmaking as a result of Star Wars. But because of Mr. Lucas's decision, they will lack primary source material from which to work. And this is a travesty.<br />No one begrudges Lucas his right to change the material to suit integration with the current film trilogy. But to revoke access to the original material is a slap in the face to those who prefer the original films unmolested, and damages the historical record for those future scholars who seek to understand the times and technology in which these films were made. If this continues, his reputation and legacy will be tarnished beyond repair.<br />One hundred years from today he will be taught in University not as a popular filmmaker who shifted culture, as much as a filmmaker who destroyed his own work in a Quixotic search for the continuing perfection of his one significant piece; without any new ideas, paths, or art to express. He will be seen as a sad story; the filmmaker as Phoenix: he touched the 70s Gods of Altman, Coppola, DePalma, Polanski, Speilberg, et all, only to fall back to earth and splat on the landscape of the worst film hacks in the studio system. What a shame. <br />The issue is far more important than the content of this specific DVD set. Lucas threatens to set a damaging precedent which may lure other film and music studios into changing culturally significant art. As one prior poster wrote, 'how about removing Ringo Star from the Beatles. Would it still be the Beatles?' Exactly right. And today the technology exists to do this. Combined with new strict interpretations of Intellectual Property Law, this allows content owners total control toshift and change historical works without regard to the historical record or future scholarly research. It's colorization redux, only this time with the master prints and not just copies. Star Wars is just a symptom, not the disease. <br />I'm not arguing for or against purchasing this disc set. Those who want it should gladly buy. Those who prefer the originals will keep thriving the used Laserdisc player and used Star Wars Laserdisc market; expect a huge run up in prices. Time to buy your tulips while they're cheap. Hopefully, some universities will be among those buying the old technology in order to save that which Mr. Lucas changed and then destroyed.<br />I will be among those bidding up LD players and the Laserdisc set; guilty as charged.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I'm not a great fan of westerns, so I wasn't enthusiastic about watching this when it was on TV.  But being a sci-fi fan I felt obligated to give it a chance.  At first I wasn't greatly impressed, what with the screwed-up order the FOX pinheads chose to air the episodes in.  I wasn't impressed, that is, until the episode &quot;Out of Gas&quot; where we (finally!) got a glimpse into what brought these characters together.  I was wonderfully hooked, even grew to love the merge of sci-fi and western (what a concept!).  It's my firm belief that had those genius FOX execs kept their hands off this project and let it air with the intended pilot, I'd still be sitting home on Fridays, glued to my TV in pure bliss.<br />The only thing I took away from this experience is to not watch anything that looks like it might actually be good on FOX because it WILL be cancelled (hello Wonderfalls) while complete dreck lives on and on and on.
B00003CXCT|1.0|The hubris of Mr. Lucas's decision to change and then blot out the history of his prior work. Star Wars is a culturally significant piece of art, due a slot in the Library of Congress. Theses and dissertations will be written by historians, sociologists, and film scholars for the next hundred years plying apart social shifts and technical advances in filmmaking as a result of Star Wars. But because of Mr. Lucas's decision, they will lack primary source material from which to work. And this is a travesty.<br />No one begrudges Lucas his right to change the material to suit integration with the current film trilogy. But to revoke access to the original material is a slap in the face to those who prefer the original films unmolested, and damages the historical record for those future scholars who seek to understand the times and technology in which these films were made. If this continues, his reputation and legacy will be tarnished beyond repair.<br />Some speculation: why would George Lucas do this? Why continue tinkering with his old films such that they are unrecognizable to those who saw the originals? I think it's partly artistic hubris; that is he feels it's his material and it's his right and he's the only one able to improve it. Partly to integrate the old trilogy with his new films, because clearly he didn't plan the whole series out from the start, contrary to prior assertions of his. Partly, I think that he conflates special effects technology with story telling: since all Star Wars films rely on effects to wow audiences more than intricate story telling, he looks back on his old films and sees only prior technical effects limitations instead of the artistic whole. Unfortunately, this is never ending and if pursued to the logical end will necessitate updating all six films for every technical advance in filmmaking to the end of time. He's chasing an imaginary dream of perfection to the detriment of filmmaking as an art form; he's allowed the perfect to killthe good. <br />One hundred years from today he will be taught in University not as a popular filmmaker who shifted culture, as much as a filmmaker who destroyed his own work in a Quixotic search for the continuing perfection of his one significant piece; without any new ideas, paths, or art to express. He will be seen as a sad story; the filmmaker as Phoenix: he touched the 70s Gods of Altman, Coppola, DePalma, Polanski, Speilberg, et all, only to fall back to earth and splat on the landscape of the worst film hacks in the studio system. What a shame. <br />The issue is far more important than the content of this specific DVD set. Lucas threatens to set a damaging precedent which may lure other film and music studios into changing culturally significant art. As one prior poster wrote, 'how about removing Ringo Star from the Beatles. Would it still be the Beatles?' Exactly right. And today the technology exists to do this. Combined with new strict interpretations of Intellectual Property Law, this allows content owners total control to shift and change historical works without regard to the historical record or future scholarly research. It's colorization redux, only this time with the master prints and not just copies. Star Wars is just a symptom, not the disease. <br />I'm not arguing for or against purchasing this disc set. Those who want it should gladly buy. Those who prefer the originals will keep thriving the used Laserdisc player and used Star Wars Laserdisc market. Expect a huge run up in prices; time to buy your tulips while they're cheap. Hopefully, some universities will be among those buying the old technology in order to save that which Mr. Lucas changed and then destroyed.<br />I will be among those bidding up LD players and the Laserdisc set; guilty as charged.
B000002LCK|2.0|now I realize the new one disc New Order best-of <BR>CD does have the greatest (to me) New Order track, <BR>&quot;Age of Consent.&quot;  Where the heck was it on this <BR>otherwise solid collection?  not sure if it was a single,<BR>but for goodness' sake it should've been. My two stars aren't for the band or the music, cause I like it all, I'm even more<BR>into Joy Division but that's another tale entirely, <BR>as most New Order/Electronic fans know quite well.<BR>This collection was lacking a lot of great songs, <br />so I ended up selling it for credit and got some <BR>better CDs that held up better, like Julian Cope's<BR>Floored Genius vol. 1 hits collection which I STILL play a ton more than stuff like New Order these days (being an older <BR>punk/new waver now).  I think if they'd included a few<BR>better selections like &quot;Consent&quot; (a classic club dance<BR>floor fave and my own fave NO song) this would be a stronger<BR>collection.  As it stands in 2004, it's at least a good intro.<BR>to the band if you only know a few songs, but the new<BR>Best Of New Order might serve new listeners better (and less of an initial investment).
0553812173|5.0|As has been said repeatedly in other reviews of this book, it is a bit tough to get started. The writing is not dumbed down and there are a lot of POV charactors. If you give it a little time however you will find yourself hooked (I realize the same can be said for any soap opera - but bear with me). The writing takes a huge leap in terms of quality by the second book in the series and continues to improve from there (it is my understanding that a number of years passed between writing the first and second books). My 5 stars reflects the series as a whole, otherwise 4 stars would be more appropriate.<br />This series is definitely not for everyone, it is very violent, and happy endings for favorite charactors are by no means assured.  There is also a definite moral relativism not found in most fantasy, this could be a plus or a minus depending on the reader. If you have read and enjoyed George RR Martin's Song of Ice and Fire, then there is an excellent chance you will greatly enjoy this series as well.
B000001Y42|3.0|1. Intro - Some guy giving an anti religion rally speech (1/5)<BR>2. Pollution - Has a heavy riff, but features a heavy bassline behind the rapping, then it gets crazy for the chorus. One of the few decent Bizkit riffs. Arguably one of their best songs.(4/5)<BR>3. Counterfeit - Heavy guitar riff comes in about 35 seconds into the song. This is Fred rapping over a somewhat funky bassline. Heavy chorus, similar formula to Pollution but better rapping. (4.5/5)<BR>4. Stuck - Fred rapping over a beat, you can hear DJ Lethal making some science fiction-ish sounds. CHorus features a heavy start stop guitar riff and some nice drumming while Fred screams \\"Wanna play that game bitch\\" and \\"stuck\\" until it quites down when he starts rapping again. (4/5)<BR>5. Nobody *'s Me  - The riff isnt very catchy and the rapping is lame. Plus the chorus doesnt have very good lyrics. It keeps slowing down and speeding up but never gets very good. The last minute or so is just noise. (2/5)<BR>6. Sour - Features a nice guitar intro, and very low key rapping. Very mellow guitar riff throughout with ambient sounds. The chorus is not good at all though. With a better chorus it woulda gotten a 5. (4/5) <BR>7. Stalemate - A calm guitar riff over a nice drum beat. Then there are some electronic sounds, Then fred starts screaming and whining. He starts rapping about 3 mins into it, then after 4 he screams for the rest of it, over these electronic sounds and a fast guitar riff. (2/5)<BR>8. Clunk - Starts with a bass intro, then drumming and scratching come in and Fred starts rapping. A terrible chorus, but Freds best rapping since Counterfeit. (3/5)<BR>9. Faith - Aside from the screaming, this is an excellent cover. Fred does the 2nd verse very well, but ruins the chorus with his screaming. The guitar and drums are exceptional (4.5/5)    <BR>10. Stink Finger - Fred actually sings over a bouncy bassline. He is clearly trying to sound like Tool at one point in the chorus, but he fails. If he wasnt trying to imitate Tool (look at the song title) then it would be a much better song. The bassline is the best part of the song. (4/5)        <BR>11. Indigo Flow - Fred rapping about his friends, he gives thanks to a lot of bands. Hes rapping over this low key beat, not very good rapping. The chorus is very quiet, but for the bridge it gets really heavy with scratching over the guitar and some ambient sounds. Not very good, only 2 and a half mins though. (1/5)<BR>12. Leech - Starts with a nice riff. Then fast drumming and fast rapping. Perhaps his angriest scream in the chorus, but the music isnt too heavy there. its only 2 minutes long, but one of the better songs. (4/5)<BR>13. Everything - A bunch of noise until about 2:45 when a slow drum beat comes in. The guitars are almost sad when they come in during the 3rd minute. Every now and then we start hearing various voices and random sounds. It starts getting really atmospheric at about 6:30, then quiets down around 12:00 to get more intense for the last minute or so. Sixteen minutes of noise and random voices. (1.5/5)
B0000399WI|5.0|Stephen King claims that this is the best film adaptation of one of his stories.  Although my vote would be for The Shining (a film he hates) I see what he means.  The novella, Rita Hayworth and the Shawshank Redemption, is one of King's \\"non-horror\\" works.  As such, director Frank Darabont doesn't fall into the trap that almost all other filmmakers do when adapting King's work: ignore characterization for cheap thrills.  One of the things that make Stephen King a great writer (and I mean this) is that his books are about PEOPLE.  He makes us care about the characters, and then we are frightened when they are put in jeopardy.  The movie, The Shawshank Redemption, succeeds because it is all about the characters - who they are, and the journey they take.<br />The story is about an innocent man (Tim Robbins) sentenced to life in prison - well, two life sentences, actually.  He forms a friendship with a fellow-inmate named Red (Morgan Freeman) and uses his own natural resources to create a life for himself.  The film does differ from the source material in several ways.  Ironically, because of the shortness of King's story, more is put-in than taken-out.  The ending is changed slightly, but it works for the screen.  The message of the film (and the book) is that hope springs eternal.  \\"Either get busy living or get busy dying.\\"  Considering the enduring popularity of the piece, it seems most people opt for the former.
B00005JMEW|5.0|Kill Bill is nothing less than extrordinary. Everything about it is perfection. It's not everyday that you see a movie that can make you grovel at its heels. From start to finish Kill Bill is amazing at all angles. The beginning lets you know your in for a fun ride. If you are a martial arts fan like me, you know that Kill Bill succeeds in the art of keeping your mouth open. The character of the bride is the most interesting of the whole film. You think to yourself, this woman has been totally screwed over. She deserves her revenge. And who better to play the part than Uma Thurman. Uma captured the fury in the Bride's eyes as she fought her enemies to complete her ultimate victory. Kill Bill also exceeds in putting together a brilliant cast, starring the madness of Lucy Liu, the foxyness of Vivica A. Fox, The coolness of Michael Madsen, the wickedness of Daryl Hannah, and the mysteriousness of David Carradine. Not to mention a incredible soundtrack. Quentin Tarantino is truly the master when it comes to putting together a great movie. If you have any questions about the movie, let me know.
B00005JLEU|5.0|The reviewer who was disappointed with this movie confounds me.  Too much going on?  That's what I call wonderful!  Having multiple layers to the story means that we can watch the movie again and again, and each time uncover something that before, went unnoticed.  This is a movie that keeps on giving and because of it, it continues to entertain, give us pause for thought, and ultimately, rates high on the &quot;good value for the money&quot; scale.  How many DVDs do you buy that never get watched again?  I know we have dozens.  This movie however, has been watched dozens of times and still continues to feed us. (When I say &quot;us&quot; I mean a family - Dad in his 50s, mom in her late 30s, a 9 YO and a 2 year old who is now nearing 3.)<br />When we rented the movie without any preconceived notions, I was skeptical that I would find it enjoyable.  But we were bored with all of the usual family movies, which tend to be short on depth and long on stupidity, so I picked it up.<br />From the moment I saw the rippling of the water and wondered how on Earth anyone could produce animation that looked so real I was intrigued.  The attention to detail in the art was simply mind blowing.  And then as the story began to unfold, I was impressed not only with the inventiveness of the story, but how it was so rich in content on so many levels.  By the end of the movie, which I watched with my two children, I wanted to watch it again.  I knew there was more to see and learn.  It was to me, a puzzle to unravel.<br />Since that first viewing, we purchased the DVD set, watched all of the extras, including each and every trailer in Japanese.  We've purchased Kiki's Delivery Service and Castle in the Sky and are awaiting the release of more Ghibli films via Disney.  Personally, I find the more straightforward nature of Kiki and Castle less appealing to me, though both my children love the stories.  I guess it all depends on how you are built, whether you want something that spells it all out for you, versus something that reveals itself with time and thought.  (Or hey, maybe I'm just thick! ;-) )<br />But for me, the entertainment value of Spirited Away from a mindless eye-candy sort of approach all the way to an intellectual experience, is simply way beyond any other movie I have ever watched.  That doesn't make this movie the deepest movie I've ever seen, nor the most beautiful movie I have ever seen.  It simply combines so many good things into a single package that I daresay I have not seen a movie to rival it.<br />I'm sorry I didn't cover the story in this review, but I think that's been done sufficiently by others.that spells it all out for you, versus something that reveals itself with time and thought.  (Or hey, maybe I'm just thick! ;-) )<br />But for me, the entertainment value of Spirited Away from a mindless eye-candy sort of approach all the way to an intellectual experience, is simply way beyond any other movie I have ever watched.   That doesn't make this movie the deepest movie I've ever seen, nor the most beautiful movie I have ever seen.  It simply combines so many good things into a single package that I daresay I have not seen a movie to rival it.       <br />I'm sorry I didn't cover the story in this review, but I think that's been done sufficiently by others.
B00008H2LB|5.0|A band with a singer and rapper? To most people that would sound almost crazy, but once you hear Linkin Park, you know that it goes so well together. Now, I usually despise rap, but this artist is a huge acception. Mike does not overdo it but keeps it in touch and the lyrics are just as deep as the singing. <BR>Chester's singing is very high quality, it's easy to see. He screams out the lyrics at the right times but keeps it light at the verses. The lyrics are deep and are very original, they grab your attention. I also apprecite that, unlike Jet, the lyrics are not repetitive. I love the guitar on this CD and how original the music is with those keyboard sounds that are almost always in the beginning. <BR>This CD is good. BUY IT!!!<BR>Their debut album &quot;Hybrid Theory&quot; was just as good. So buy that too!
0393317552|4.0|It seems odd that the second largest economy in the world today was largely ignored.  Except for the one example of Japan riding themselves of guns after the civil war period, the author never mentions Japan again.  The entire book is built on this idea that civilizations are built on the amount of resources with which they were endowed. Part of the Japanese rise to power was fueled on the fact that they were poor in natural resources.  Although this is recent history, I would have liked the author to address this issue that runs opposite his theme.  This would make it clearer how his model of history would be a better indicator of future behavior than the current model.
B000000993|5.0|not much more to say bu this cd is great maynard has such a great voice<br />song 69 is awsome
B00025ETIW|5.0|Well i really like this album, i won't lie. I do however want to stress that this album is nothing like their debut album, which is another favourite album of mine. this is probably because Gerard is happier than he was on the previous album. He did/still does go to therapy in between tours, and i believe all the fans have really helped him. This is good, so really, although i wish the band could keep the same sound, its understandable that it would sound different due to Gerard's increased happiness. Mind you, the lyrics are still twisted. Listen to \\"You Know What They Do To Guys Like Us In Prison\\" or \\"To The End\\" to know what i mean. as someone else has mentioned, there is less screaming, and the music takes a more catchy rhythm. most of all, there on warner now, so the sound quality is excellent. I would say that this album is a must have for 2004, and really, you should pick up their debut album, \\"I Brought You My Bullets, You Brought Me Your Love\\".
B0001UL7RY|5.0|The follow up to Avril's 2002 release, &quot;Let Go,&quot; is followed up by &quot;Under My Skin.&quot; Avril really showcased  her ability to write songs and how well she can sing, on this ablum. If you thought tht some of songs she wrote for her first ablum were writtne for you then you could very well have that same feeling again. The songs that I really like are &quot;Take Me Away,&quot; &quot;Together,&quot; &quot;Don't Tell Me,&quot; and &quot;Freak Out.&quot; If you bought her first Cd you SHOULD buy tis one, bcause it is even better.<br />P.S.- Everyone who talks so bad about Avril having no talent and blah..blah..blah; well she hit #1 on the Billboard Top 100 fo ablum sales the first week it was released
0812550706|5.0|It's all been said before about this book but Ender's Game is that rare kind of special novel that you want to read again and again and again. As a kid,as an adult, I keep coming back to it time after time. Very few books are as exciting and heartbreaking as this. WHen I was a kid it woke me up about reading and for that I'll always be grateful to OSC.
B0000060NA|5.0|I can't really say much more about Songs In The Key Of Life that has not already been said. If I were on a deserted island and could only have 3 things, they would be (1) the love of my life, (2) food and (3) Songs In the Key Of Life. I guess I'd also need a CD player too.<br />This is, hands down the best music ever created in the HISTORY of music. Thanks Stevie!
0345457684|4.0|Stylish future-noir with smart characters and intelligent plotting. What's not to love? Very looking forward to reading more from Morgan. Good as he is now, I thnk he'll only get better with time.
B0001D0FTW|5.0|These guys are almost still kids.  They've been together over 10 years now, and are only in their mid-twenties.  Their sound has improved over the years, and this album is another leap forward.  Previous albums &quot;Mandrake&quot; and &quot;The Savage Poetry&quot; are fantastic, but &quot;Hellfire Club&quot; kicks it up another notch.<br />If you're a fan of European Power Metal, you owe it to yourself to pick this up.  If you're a fan of 80's metal, you'll find a lot to like on this album.  There's even a few tracks that pay homage to vintage metal, the best of the bunch being &quot;The Piper Never Dies&quot; which has a very Deep Purple feel to it.<br />There's lots of variety here, and lots to fall in love with.  Tobi Sammet's voice sounds as great as ever, capturing a Bruce Dickenson (Iron Maiden) tone, yet possessing a quality that's exclusively Tobi's.  The performances are flawless.  The album's destined to be a new era metal classic.<br />What are you waiting for?  Buy this disc now!
B00020HEG6|5.0|By far the best of the Harry Potter scores so far.  A few of these tracks--most notably &quot;Buckbeak's Flight&quot; and &quot;Finale&quot; are easily among the best cues that Williams has ever written.  &quot;Aunt Marge's Waltz&quot; is also delightfully evocative of her character, and &quot;A Window to the Past&quot; presents the theme for the new Azkaban film in a kind of main title.  &quot;Saving Buckbeak,&quot; &quot;The Patronus Light,&quot; and &quot;Quidditch, Third Year&quot; are all extremely enjoyable.<br />Williams managed to create a more turbulent score for the darker atmosphere of The Prisoner of Azkaban, yet he also wrote some truly magnificent themes.  In the theater, Buckbeak's flight is almost transcendent, and so much of the credit is owed to Williams' score.  As usual, Williams' musical ingenuity is visible for all to see.<br />This may not be in Williams' top five best scores, or even the top ten (let's face it, this guy has done so well so many times), but a few cues in this score rank up there with the best in Williams' career.  Truly astounding effort.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I live in Central America, so I didn't see the show on TV, but my dad told me a little about it and it sounded like something Robert A. Heinlein would have written.  I have enjoyed reading Sci-Fi since I was a kid.  I finally got the DVD and enjoyed every episode.  I think most of the problems that people have had with the show was that they didn't understand what was going on.  People tend to look at a TV and their mind stops working hence all of the reality TV on now.  <P>The show has been criticized for not having things that you are used to seeing in most Sci-Fi like more advanced weapons or a transporter or whatnot.  Anyone who can't believe that they would bring shotguns into space has never shot one.  Projectile weapons are very effective and people will be using them for a long time.  Same thing for the seemingly antiquated settlers, Just like the American west, if you are going to a new place to stay (for good) then you are going to want to bring stuff that will last such as thick heavy boots and a reliable rifle.  If you can only bring so much gear, you are not going to pack your disposable triple bladed razor; you are bringing a strait razor.<P>Well anyway, it is a pretty good show worthy of a chance.  Pay attention and have fun.
B00028HBKC|5.0|I have heard and read other people's critisisms of this film.  Statements such as \\"pornographic\\", \\"anti-sematic\\" and \\"proof that God hates us\\" are words of people who have not actually seen the film.  First of all, there was NO SEX in this movie, so I have no idea why someone would call it \\"pornographic.\\"<br />Secondly, to those who view the movie as anti-sematic, Christ IS Jewish, His parents were Jewish, and His apostles were Jewish.  He was raised in the culture of the Jewish people, read the Torah and taught, as well as was taught in the temple.  While there were Jews that thought he wasn't the Messiah, there were those who did (some were part of the Sanhedrin, others were His apostles, some were His disciples, even one of the theives who was crucified at the same time recognized Him as the Messiah).  And to those Christians who have the audacity to blame Christ's death on the Jews: SHAME ON YOU!!  Read your Bible!  God sent Christ to die for ALL to show how much He loves us.  That was the plan from the very beginning (prior to New Testament)!  That was the whole reason Christ was born!  Read the Old Testament!  First and foremost, Christ (God) was born for this purpose.  God wanted to show all humanity just how much He loves us and this is how He chose to do it.  He had to put His love into terms that we humans could understand.  How many times have you told your child, lover, spouse or best friend (in so many words), \\"I love you so much, I would die for you?\\"  How many times have we seen in movies where someone else takes a bullet for another character that he/she cares about?  Dying to protect someone you love or care for deeply is something that all humanity regards as the greatest sacrifice one can make and is considered a very noble deed (do we not give special honor to soliders who die fighting for their country?).  God sent Jesus (God) to not just die some quick-n-easy death for us, but He sent Him to die a horrific,  violent and time-consuming death asproof of His eternal love.  This film shows us just how much God loves us.  It shows us in graphic detail the violent torture and death Christ endured for EACH AND EVERYONE OF US: Jews and Gentiles alike.  The Jews are NOT \\"Christ-Killers.\\"  This was God's plan from the beginning.  ANY Christian who says otherwise doesn't read their Bible (or they would know better)!  God's love for us is inmeasureable and that is what the Passion of Christ is showing us: Just to what lengths God would go for each and every one of us.  Consequently, this is a VERY powerful and moving film.
B000089RVX|5.0|First off I need to ask who the reviewer &quot;Forest&quot; whatever his name is from NJ... Are you kidding me, with your weak *ss review? This guy obviously DOES NOT know quality music...you can tell by looking up his other past reviews. Giving Evanescence and Norah Jones one star???...are you kidding me! &quot;Fallen&quot; was one of the best cd's of 2003 for sure. You say it is mostly all hype???,,,I'm sayin' the hype is because this cd is great. Amy Lee's vocals are amazing...and the words to each song are both original and amazing. I have their first cd, &quot;Origin&quot; which is very rare and hard to find....this cd was another to add to the collection. It's been over a year and I still can't get enough of Evanescence's &quot;Fallen&quot;. Can't wait for their new cd to come out....unfortunately with Moody's leaving the band, we might be waiting a lil longer then we all want to....regardless, I have no doubt that Amy and the rest of the band will come out with another rockin' cd. As for the bad review from the guy from NJ...Lacuna Coil pales in comparison to Evanescence. Don't take this guys review to heart...he obviously DOES NOT know quality music. If you haven't bought this cd by now, I suggest you get to it! You won't be disappointed! Scale from 1-10...definite 11.
B0001UL7RY|5.0|I love it! The songs are much deeper than the ones on Let Go, and it is obvious that she had more of a role in writing them. The sound is awesome and addicting. I'd buy it again, lol Forgotten=the best song ever.
B000002UAO|5.0|The Beatles often referred to Revolver as `the Acid Album', and to Rubber Soul as `the Pot Album'. Indeed, drugs' influence is flowing into this album like rain into a paper cup. But that's not what makes Rubber Soul the classic it is. Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts' Club Band is usually considered the Beatles' creative turning point and their greatest achievement; while Beach Boys fans like to diminish the album's importance by pointing out that the Beatles often said that Sgt. Pepper was greatly inspired by the Beach Boys' Pet Sounds. However, while relating to Pet Sounds itself, Brian Wilson often admitted that he was actually inspired by the Beatles' Rubber Soul when he conceived his own breakthrough album. Indeed, listening to the Beatles catalogue reveals that it is Rubber Soul that was the major turning point, creatively and artistically, and it is this album that paved the path for the Beatles' timeless masterpiece. Though it was a process that was going on for two years now, it was on Rubber Soul that the Beatles finally waved their moptop image goodbye, and abandoned pop music forever. A look at the druggy cover is enough to illustrate that point; listening to the album makes it substantial. The Beatles experiment like they never did before with recording techniques, new harmonies and new instruments, and their music captivates and fascinates like it never did before.<br />On Rubber Soul, the individual personalities of the Beatles as musicians and songwriters are more obvious than ever before. But still, perhaps for the last time, John Lennon is the true leader of the band. John's songwriting went up a notch on this album (it happened for George and Paul on Revolver), and he turned in for Rubber Soul some of his greatest, most revolutionary and inventive songs. `Nowhere Man' immediately springs to mind, with its haunting and beautiful vocal harmonies, druggy vocals, and surreal spiritual-social lyrics. John's socially / politically-aware persona surfaces here for the first time, and `Nowhere Man' remains one of his most important and groundbreaking compositions. There's also `Norwegian Wood (This Bird Has Flown)', one of John's most beautiful tunes, which also has lyrics more inventive and surreal than anything he recorded previously. `Norwegian Wood' is revolutionary for another reason: it's the first pop / rock song to use a sitar in its recording. George Harrison had bought the sitar some time before (inspired by some recordings he had heard of Ravi Shankar), and suggested using a sitar backing on the song; it's that unique sound that made the song so unique, and it shows the Beatles at their most original and experimental, no longer concerned with commercial success and wanting to experiment and innovate as much as possible. And then there's the great `In My Life' - John's most beautiful and heartfelt song of his recording life. `In My Life' is a song that comes straight from John's soul, and is more touching than anything he wrote before or after. It also boasts a strange and innovative keyboard solo by master producer Sir George Martin (though he didn't really play it that fast - he recorded it at half speeds, and then sped up the recording). And that's not mentioning `Girl' and `The Word', which are both two of the most beautiful and captivating songs ever recorded.<br />That's not to say Paul and George - both brilliant songwriters by their own right - didn't make their contributions to the greatness of Rubber Soul. Paul turned in some of his greatest hits with the wonderful and classic ballad `Michelle' (which won the Beatles their only Grammy award), which stands with `Eleanor Rigby', `For No One' and `Yesterday' as one of his greatest ballads; as well as the hard and heavy `Drive My Car', that has great guitar work and terrific, sharp lyrics. He also scored a perfect pop song with the lovely `I'm Looking Through You', one of my favorite Beatles songs and one of their most underrated efforts. George made twogreat contributions with the heavy, sarcastic `Think For Yourself' which has great guitar work and a fantastic, heavy bass line; and `If I Needed Someone', which remains one of his greatest songs and probably his first truly complete composition. It has great vocal harmonies and instrumental work, lovely lyrics and a catchy tune, and it paves the way to George's greater achievements - from `I Want To Tell You', to the classics `While My Guitar Gently Weeps' and `Something'. George proves for the first time that he can be as much of a songwriter as John and Paul (even if his compositions on the album seem pale next to John's groundbreaking masterpiece works).<br />So I'll wrap this review up on the same note I did the reviews for Revolver, Sgt. Pepper, Abbey Road and Let It Be: Rubber Soul is essential listening. I can't imagine a self-respecting music lover going through life without the complete Beatles catalogue (maybe omitting - MAYBE - With The Beatles, Beatles For Sale and Yellow Submarine), and Rubber Soul is not only an crucially important step in the musical story of the development of this great band and of music in general, it's also a timeless rock album by its own right, one of the Beatles' best and one of the best albums ever recorded. Like Dylan, The Who and the Beach Boys at around the same time, the Beatles progressed from recording songs to recording albums - and thus changed popular music forever.
1577311523|5.0|As an avid spiritual book reader, this this one of the two best books I have read this year.  The other book, also available on Amazon, is The Book of Thomas by Gabreael.  Both are exceptional.  If I had to choose one, The Book of Thomas answers more of the hardcore spiritual questions we all need the answers to and I am amazed that for the first time the channeled entity who provides the information can actually be traced to a previously living person! My best advice, is get both! But absolutely don't miss out on The Book of Thomas--it could be the greatest spiritual work of our time.
B000002L5P|5.0|Back in 1984, when Culture Club, Wham!, and Duran Duran dominated the charts and airwaves, a group of four young Englishmen called the Smiths released their debut on the indie label Rough Trade.  Although they recorded only four non-compilation studio albums, this Manchester-based quartet would be remembered as one of the most influential pop bands of all time.  &quot;The Smiths&quot; is a smashing debut of a classic that was so unique in its flavor and form, that it really couldn't be compared to anything else.  The recipe for the group's success was--in addition to John Porter's raw production--its clever and original songwriting.  Singer Morrissey's sensitive and thoughtful lyrics and guitarist Johnny Marr's intricate melodies highlighted key tracks such as the opener &quot;Reel Around the Fountain,&quot; the catchy &quot;This Charming Man,&quot; and the ever-haunting &quot;Hand in Glove.&quot;  What's more, Morrissey's lyrics tackled some unconventional topics few pop stars in 1984 would bother to broach, from child abuse to homosexuality.  &quot;The Smiths&quot; debuted at Number Two on the UK charts upon release, and while it never duplicated the same success stateside, it has quickly gained popularity as an underground classic.  Two years later, the band would outdo themselves on their 1986 masterpiece &quot;The Queen Is Dead&quot; before disbanding the following year.  Both that album, as well as this stunner of a debut, come highly recommended.
B000066NW0|1.0|Ahhh this album sucks.  What a poser.  Yea... she's real hardcore punk.  Put on some of this:<br />Eminem<br />Master P<br />50 Cent<br />G Unit<br />Ludacris<br />D12<br />2Pac<br />Snoop Dogg<br />David Banner<br />T.I.<br />Lil Flip<br />Petey Pablo<br />Avril Lavigne is a worthless piece of crap and a waste of space.  I'd like to ask whoever signed a label to her &quot;WHY!?&quot;
B00005JMUA|3.0|Quentin Tarantino's KILL BILL Vol.1 was fantastic. This time around however, the action feels a little under-cooked, and while there are some razor-sharp trademark Tarantino lines and some great fight scenes (Especially the nastiest cat-fight ever committed to film between Uma's Bride and Daryll Hannah's Elle Driver), some scenes drag on for too long and halfway through you get the feeling that this whole exercise could have been compacted into a single 3-Hour film. The highlights are the aforementioned EYE-catching brawl and Pei Mei's tutalage of the Bride. Still. it lacks momentum enough to keep the interest for long. Nevertheless, it's very refreshing to see a film bereft of CGI screen mugging and Hollywood pretty boys posing through the whole movie. A must-see for sure, but something of a disappointment compared to the fantastic excess of Volume 1.
B0001UL7RY|5.0|The new Avril Lavigne cd is the best and you people out there that don't like avril are missing out on some great music. Avril is the best singer/songwriter out there. She rocks!!!! The cd is the best including &quot;Let Go'. Her first cd.
B00000ADG2|5.0|&quot;The Miseducation...&quot; is one of the best albums of the 90's in my opinion. This album is very spiritual, Lauryn has an amazing alto voice and the production and lyrics are top notch. This is every R&amp;B lover's MUST HAVE.
B0001EBXBK|5.0|Kill Bill volume 1 is a sensorial ride that took me to places I had never been before. An elaborately told plot, split into two films, each perfect in their own way. The gore was nothing. It wasn't graphic, just constant. Hosepipe blood. Wow. Get over it. It's rated R because of SWEARING and CONCEPTS, not because of the violence. That's why they say 'Adult themes.' It's funny, it's exciting, it has Michael Madsen and David Carradine, the two greatest male actors of all time. Quentin Tarantino has produced yet another amazing film that would not look out of place in any DVD library.
B00006RU5B|5.0|This cd is one of the best cds that i have ever bought, its one of the few cds where almost every song could be a major hit, this cd is mostly alternative rock n' roll, Chris Cornell sounds just as amazing as he ever did with soundgarden, their guitarist, Tom Morello, is really awesome too, my favorite songs on this cd are &quot;Cochise&quot;, &quot;Gasoline&quot;, and &quot;I am the highway&quot;, though all these songs are great..id recomend this album for anyone who likes rock and roll, or alternative metal. this cd is a classic.
0744583233|5.0|Scorpia starts like a whirlwind and only picks up speed as it spins toward a climax that will leave the reader hanging and begging for more.<br />Alex Rider travels to Venice on a school trip and discovers the Widow's Palace, Julia Rothman, and the truth about his father, John Rider.<br />Recruited by Scorpia, Alex must decide whether he wants to follow in his father's footsteps or create a destiny independent of MI6. But when he finds out what Scorpia has planned to unleash upon the schoolchildren of London, Alex knows he has little choice.<br />Children or adults, newcomers to the Alex Rider books or die-hard fans will absolutely devour this book.
0380973464|5.0|better than jesus, heroin, and peanut butter.
0786867973|2.0|Although the title intrigued me, I was hesitant to buy it and decided to check it out from my neighborhood library. So glad I did! Why? The majority of the recipes that I tried have been disappointingly bland.  The Madeira cake was flavorless, the almond cake was greasy, the snickerdoodles tasted like cardboard(granted, I don't indulge too often), the cheese blintz filling was dull, and the dream bars were really closer to a nightmare,if you ask me. However, since I did give it one star, the American pancake mix was good (leaving it 30 min makes a real difference), the blueberry sauce from the blintzes was a keeper and I barely saved the babycakes by chilling them in the fridge. I'm in the middle of the Om Ali. Granted none of her recipes were outright disgusting, but I definitely won't be purchasing this one. It seems to me a lot of people are fawning over her without having made too many of these recipes.She does come across as warm and funny but that can't excuse the mediocrity of these recipes. What's the point of purchasing a cooking book if you can't trust it and have to adjust it constantly? I say, borrow it from a friend or the library and actually try some of these &quot;comfort foods&quot; yourself before you commit yourself to this book.
B0000A118M|5.0|For something like John Coltrane's \\"A Love Supreme\\" to move the human being to such heightening cannot be overstated in any realm of adulation, regardless of praise's nature tendency to overvalue. It was less than two years ago that, by chance, this disc found it's way into a CD player that I had been borrowing. As a shallow jazzist, at best, I was one day perusing through the limited Jazz section of an independent CD/bookstore in Whistler, BC. I had listened to much Coltrane by then, but only selectively. The limits of my Trane knowledge where painfully obvious by my utter ignorance of his actual works, or albums; all that I had enjoyed to that point was, embarrassingly, downloaded material. When I saw Coltrane's &quot;A Love Supreme&quot; for $15, I didn't think twice about dropping the money. Finally I could hold tangible, material proof of my love for the saxophone - at the time, that's all I really thought the album could hold in value, as I had never known of it's existence, (let alone it's legacy). That night, as friends and I were on a road trip and crammed into one single hotel room, my under-the-kitchen-table mattress proved itself not in propriety, as a sleeping device, but rather as celestial; it was my Coltrane refuge. My under-table mattress was an other-worldly hideout, and with the catalyzing effects of &quot;A Love Supreme,&quot; the most blissful, quartet sounds ever to be recorded transformed all that I felt myself to be. Since first experiencing the masterpiece that is \\"A Love,\\" not once has my hard mind not been softened by the grace, and purity of those four musicians, who recorded a piece, on one innocent day, to shed light upon an often otherwise dark existence.  \\"A Love Supreme\\" is of the most effusive Trane reveries, and is arguably one of the greatest works of art ever created.
B0001UZZWW|2.0|I feel conned! The 3D effect seems to only work if; you have an TV set with outstanding color beam allignment,  you don't wear spectacles or contacts, you have no astigmatism, you have a DVI or SCART connection from your DVD player to your TV or home theatre amplifier, you close the blinds or drapes and switch off all the lights, and you spend 15 minutes waiting for the chromophores in your eye to get used to the 2 cent cardboard cut-out 3D spectacles. I recommend that you first rent it before buying.
B00005JMJ4|3.0|As much as I want to beleive I haven't matured since high school, watching and understanding what this film is saying has slapped me with a slight realization, that maybe I've grown up (a little)  I only am prompted to write this, in response to some of the long winded and negetive  reviews.     Be thankful you didn't get it, as that means you still havn't experienced many of the disapointments that await you in life.        Bill Murray is a very successful actor, the dream acomplishment of thousands, yet his life really sucks.  Taken for granted by his family, bored out of his mind in a luxury hotel.Treated like an idiot by some idiot director of a liquor ad.   The list goes on and on about why his life sucks, and maybe ours isn't all that bad.  That's what I got out of it. And I also got a great laugh from the &quot;lick my stockings&quot; scene.
B000089RVX|5.0|FINALLY! A new band that can make us grin when we turn on the radio and find Amy Lee belting out those great lyrics with that beautiful voice instead of hearing a bunch of rappers with computerized music! Why, yes, Forest Law, they do play their own instruments and write their own lyrics. Extraordinarily. The songs are awesome. The instrumentals are awesome. Amy Lee is awesome. Are you readers out there catching my drift? I've had the Evanescence CD for....I dont know how long now and I listen to it everyday at least three times, at minimum and I never tire of it. They've become my absolute favorite band. They arent rap-rockers, by the way. And no, the rest of their songs do not sound like &quot;Bring Me To Life&quot;. But hey, I'll let the people who buy the CD decide that. Go with the majority, people. This band is awesome. And I cannot wait until I can see them in concert! My dad's friend went, but it was in Florida and I live no where near there. But he called me and let me listen to it, and they were great. They arent a hoax, they arent Lacuna Coil posers, and Amy Lee has an excellent voice, you idiots! Readers, buy the CD, you wont be disappointed.
B00007ELJX|4.0|The title, Lost Highway, by itself lays ground for cognitive dissonance as Lynch presents a puzzling cinematic journey into a vivid nightmare.  In this nightmare the audience is to follow Fred Madison (Bill Pullman) who is coerced through visual hints into jealousy and suspicion as his wife acts peculiarly and mysterious videotapes of his home appear on his door step.  The nightmare intensifies as Lynch presents further suggestive indications that Fred's wife, Renee (Patricia Arquette), is having an affair with a friend of hers.  However, as soon as the audience feels somewhat comfortable with the story Lynch throws a wrench into the cerebral machinery by adding a new idea.  An idea that drives the story in a different direction that generates further confusion as the nightmare snowballs.  Lynch tells a bizarre story about envy, love, jealousy, and revenge that reminds more of a painting than a film as the cinematography and mise-en-scene are extremely suggestive.  Lastly, the soundtrack is exceptionally well selected as it complements the dark theme of the film and helps to provide a terrific cinematic experience.
B00005ND42|5.0|I listen to these recordings over and over.  Oistrakh is marvelous and Oborin provides a well balanced accompaniment.
0385470819|4.0|The story in this first novel from John Grisham has enough clichs that the reader knows very early the book's conclusion. Despite appearing at first to be Matlock-type story, there's enough action in both the main and side plots to keep the pages turning. The author clearly knows the rural South. One complaint about this and all Grisham's book is when the plot is over the ends very suddenly. The rush to end leaves several side-plots unresolved or poorly resolved.
074322454X|4.0|If you're coming to this book after seeing the Stephen Spielberg miniseries of the same name, know this: Yes, you will get a load of new information on the \\"characters\\" you grew to love in that series. And yes, you are likely to enjoy this book.<br />Stephen Ambrose wasn't the greatest pure writer in the world - he won't dazzle you with his prose - but he was adept at giving the reader revealing glimpses of life as a soldier in World War II. That's exactly what he does here in Band of Brothers, which inspired the dazzling 10-hour HBO miniseries of the same name. The day-to-day life of the WWII soldier comes alive in the pages of this book.<br />Crisp and fast-paced, Band of Brothers does not get as bogged down in detail his other best-known works WWII, D-Day and Citizen Soldier. For the researcher that might not be a good thing, but for the general reader (especially the casual reader simply looking for some insight into WWII) it provides a good read that educates AND entertains. That's a valuable mix in bringing history to the masses. <br />Those who have read both Citizen Solider and D-Day might appreciate the brief dip back into Ambrose waters, but they might also be turned off by the anecdotes from those books repeated here. It appears much of the research that went into those books was also used for Band of Brothers. That's not to say there is nothing new here. There is. This is a book smaller in scope because the focus is on one company - Easy Company of the 101st Airborne.<br />Ambrose takes us from training to the end of the war, following the successes and failings of Easy Company. We experience their story in their own voice, as remembered by the actual men of Easy Company. The book is a great standalone read, and makes for a fabulous supplement to the miniseries.<br />Band of Brothers is a good, solid World War II read that should satisfy all save the most scholarly of WWII readers. They would be better off avoiding this in lieu of a tome more dense withinformation. This is history for mass appeal. At its core, Band of Brothers is a book that allows a group of WWII vets to recount old war stories. And that makes for some enjoyable reading.
0312263120|1.0|What was he smoking? This book is simply absurd and overdone. Dan Brown should use all the money he made on DaVinci code and use it to buy back all the copies of this terrible book and burn them. If I could give it zero stars I would.
0553381687|5.0|It is no exaggeration to say that among the ever-increasing number of multi-volume fantasy series littering the bookshelves, each longer than the last, George R.R. Martin's \\"Song of Fire and Ice\\" series is easily among the very best. With masterful prose, a twisting story that never finds slows down, and characters that live and breathe, \\"A Game Of Thrones\\" sets into a motion a tale that will no doubt stand as a high point in modern fantasy.<br />Lovers of high fantasy; epic war stories; tales of royal intrigue; and character-based, plot-driven stories will not be disappointed by this. Those looking for another \\"young man goes on a quest,\\" \\"a dark lord is rising,\\" or \\"a brand new take on magic\\" story will be. Martin manages to throw away every modern fantasy clich&eacute; yet creates an eminently readable fantasy tale. There is little not to like here.<br />The cast of characters is huge, and Martin manages to make us believe them all. We hate them, we love them, we loathe them and we pity them. But most important of all, we BELIEVE them. The characters are consistent, complex and fascinating.<br />They're also in danger at every moment.<br />Martin, you see, has no qualms about killing off major characters. The violence is swift and gruesome. Moments of tension truly ARE tense because he establishes very early that main characters can and will die. And their deaths make sense. They are never played for shock value, serving the plot in a way that never feels forced, that follows what has come before, and that serves the narrative in a believable fashion.<br />And what an ever-changing narrative it is. If the title \\"A Game of Thrones\\" sounds a bit like chess, the plot looks like one, too. Viewpoints change with each chapter (we jump from character to character frequently), and rarely is space wasted in this 800-page tome. Virtually every chapter reveals important information or, more times than not, sends the plot spinning in a new, unexpected (yet perfectly sensible and believable) direction. Martin teases you with obvious plot twists that never take place, then sends you reeling when you doubt the obvious only to have it actually happen. There is little predicting what will happen next ... and that's great. The story keeps you on your toes.<br />(A brief word of warning: Not only is the violence explicit, but the language and sex, too, are explicit. The easily offended should steer clear)<br />The \\"fantasy\\" in this first volume is minimal, with just a few strange creatures, hints at others, and but a sparse bit of magic. Instead, the first book in this series is rooted with grim realism, a story about people good and evil in conflict, pushing and pulling over honor and power. It's a compelling and truly satisfying read.believable) direction. Martin teases you with obvious plot twists that never take place, then sends you reeling when you doubt the obvious only to have it actually happen. There is little predicting what will happen next ... and that's great. The story keeps you on your toes.<br />(A brief word of warning: Not only is the violence explicit, but the language and sex, too, are explicit. The easily offended should steer clear)<br />The \\"fantasy\\" in this first volume is minimal, with just a few strange creatures, hints at others, and but a sparse bit of magic. Instead, the first book in this series is rooted with grim realism, a story about people good and evil in conflict, pushing and pulling over honor and power. It's a compelling and truly satisfying read.
B000063DFN|5.0|Alot of us fans think that Iron Maiden created the best album of the 80's and we know we're right. Powerslave was Iron Maiden's greatest album until(in my opnion)it was beaten by Brave New World without any hesitation. Read on for some commentaries on each track:<br />Aces High: 5/5 - The greatest album opener ever and the fastest song on the album. Once again, the Twin Guitar Attack work strongly as a unit, and provide us with some of their best guitar work. Bruce really powered his voice into a 'megaphone'<BR>and the heart and soul of the band, Steve and Nicko 'pumped up' the songs background with thundering bass and drums. This song along with The Trooper are Iron Maiden's best songs of the 80's.<br />Two Minutes To Midnight: 5/5 - The first Iron Maiden song I've heard and one of the greatest NWOBHM songs ever! Manages to stick with Aces High as two of the best songs on Powerslave.<br />Losfer Words (Big 'Orra): 4.8/5 - Awesome instrumental that shows a sign of matching the album's theme. Thankfully it didn't and couldn't beat Transylvania or Genghis Khan as Iron Maiden's best instrumental. You may find it weird but I knocked off 0.2 points for the terrible solos and the goofy title for the song.<br />The Duellists: 4.5 - OK song but lacks the energy used in a lot of this album's tracks.<br />Back In The Village: 4.9 - Nice song and OK lyrics but it's ruined by the vocal rythems. Even so it was still saved by the music. I recommend this song only for true Iron Maiden loyalists.<br />Powerslave: 5/5 - The title track is where the album picks up again after three average songs. This song is mostly about <BR>Egypt(judging from the cover art)and has my favourite bass solo in the middle. Really awesome track, must be heard by everyone, even by non-Iron Maiden fans. It truly is a classic.<br />Rime Of The Ancient Mariner: 5/5 - The epic off the album, a 13+ minute powerhouse based on a poem(I think it's a play but I'm not sure)with the same name by Samuel Taylor Coleridge (1798-1834)and written by Steve Harris. Also includes a part of the poem/play, pretty haunting if it's combined with a bass background. This song...CANNOT and MUST NOT be missed by fans this time(non-Iron Maiden fans don't deserve to hear this powerhouse track).<br />Rare tracks from this era:<BR>Rainbow's Gold: 4.7/5 - Good, solid track and has great sections but at most parts the music sounds like old western/country type music.<br />Mission From 'Arry: ?/5 - I'm sorry to say that I haven't heard this song because I can't find it.<br />King Of Twilight: 5/5 - Excellent track! That's all I can really say, download it to decide how good you think it is.<br />Lineup:<BR>Bruce Dickinson - Vocals<BR>Steve Harris - Bass Guitar<BR>Dave Murray - Guitar<BR>Adrian Smith - Guitar<BR>Nicko &quot;Fathead&quot; McBrain(as Bruce called him on Live At Donnington) - Drums<br />Overall: A masterpiece and my favourite album from this era. I just wish I knew what pressure Iron Maiden was at while writting and recording this album. Get it while you can because if ya don't, it's gonna be sold out like it was here in Kuwait. I got mine from the United States of America(just to show my respect)because their wasn't a single album left about two days after it was released here in Kuwait.
0553108034|5.0|By now, most fantasy fans have heard of this popular series. The hallmarks of George R.R. Martin's series have been political intrigue, swift and deadly violence (even main characters are killed without a second thought), and gritty, \\"realistic\\" fantasy. If this sounds like your cup of tea, dig in. If not - maybe you like a little more magic, a little more flash - tread carefully.<br />Here in volume 2, Martin picks up where he left off on A Game Of Thrones (quite literally) and further expands his epic masterpiece. In this second volume, A Clash Of Kings, Martin again pits lords and ladies, armies and rogues, and warring factions against one another in a sprawling, massive tale.<br />Featuring a huge page count and a tremendous cast of characters, this tome is dense, even moreso than A Game Of Thrones. More subplots are thrown into the mix than before, and more storylines are twisted together into ever tighter knots, expending the scope of the already lengthy tale. Like the first volume, Martin pulls this off by using fairly short, punchy chapters, each focusing on a different character and each serving to move the plot forward and keep this otherwise hefty book moving along at a rapid pace.<br />That's not to say Martin doesn't stumble slightly here and there. Unlike A Game Of Thrones, which was the leanest 900-page book you'll ever read, not every page in A Clash Of Kings is vital. A few of the subplots are given too much time, developing over a longer period than they need to; they serve only to slow the narrative. Also, several chapters appear to fill time rather than push the plot forward or offer an important revelation.<br />But these criticisms are minor. Martin weaves and twists plots as well as any, paints characters we can truly believe, and builds builds builds to a rousing, thrilling and surprising climax that is superior to the wrap up of volume one. All in all, this installment lives up to the expectations set by the first. And they were lofty expectations indeed.<br />Without question George R.R. Martin has once again given readers one of the best fantasy novels to hit the bestseller list in a long, long time. This is some of the best the genre has to offer right now and is a must read for any fan of epic, gritty high fantasy.
B000063DFQ|5.0|Piece Of Mind was the album that fans believed turned Iron Maiden from breakthrough artists into legends of the rock business. I still can't believe how quickly this album was <BR>sold-out here in Kuwait. Man, glad I found one. The songs on this album are just too amazing that once again, I think it's time I gave you my report on this all-time classic:<br />Where Eagles Dare: 5/5 - The song that introduced Nicko McBrain's rage on the drums at the beginning. Few lyrics and too much music can turn this song bad right? WRONG! The instrumental part is the best section of this song, in my opinion of course.<br />Revelations: 5/5 - Bruce Dickinson's first solo-written song proves that he's capable of writing as well as singing. This classic song is one of the best on the album and also has awesome lyrics.<br />Flight Of Icarus: 5/5 - Any one heard of the story of Icarus from Greek Mythology? This probably includes the whole story if you haven't read it. Awesome chorus, great music and a perfect song to play at live shows.<br />Die With Your Boots On: 5/5 - At first I didn't like this song but then I heard it on the radio and smacked myself real hard!(honestly) I told myself why did I skip this track? It's an amazing song and the music is way, way better than the vocals...or maybe not.<br />The Trooper: 5+/5 - This here is the best song on the album, and the first of the two greatest songs before the World Slavery Tour. Dave Murray and Adrian Smith's guitars both work perfectly together than ever before! Both guitarists shine on this song. One more thing, the intro's really cool an well as the singing.<br />Still Life: 5/5 - Still Life is actually this album's <BR>title-track...minus the title. Great song, with a nice slow part ant the beginning. I really laugh at the part \\"will give me piece of mind\\", I just want to know who's awesome voice was that?<br />Quest For Fire: 5/5 - Saved by the music!!! I can't understand why most fans don't like this song? It's not bad. Well,yes the lyrics where crappy a little but the music earned this song full-marks. Haters of this song, give it another shot, it's worth. \\"In a time when dinosaurs walked the earth...\\"<br />Sun And Steel: 5/5 - Another extremely underrated song. Why? I don't think I want to know. It's a pretty good song and was saved this time by the vocal rythems and music, even though I couldn't understand most of the lyrics.<br />To Tame A Land: 5/5 - Another try at Hallowed By The Name only using the movie 'Dune' for reference. Nice song, haven't seen the movie..yet but it seems to be good. The lyrics shine here the most, or maybe tied with The Trooper(i'm not sure). Also the solos are good, like from fast speed to average speed.<br />Rare tracks from this era:<BR>Cross-Eyed Mary: 5/5 - I just can't understand why so many good tracks weren't included in this album! Great lyrics, talks about a school girl, also this song has a great bass near the end. Download if you haven't heard it.<br />I've Got The Fire: 5/5 - Oh my! A song that really deserves to be on the album. It has a great sound to it and speaking of sound, the solo here kicks ass! I love the way Bruce yells \\"I've Got The Fire\\".<br />Lineup:<BR>Bruce Dickinson - Vocals<BR>Dave Murray - Guitar<BR>Adrian Smith - Guitar<BR>Steve Harris - Bass Guitar (I'm gonna call it Bass Guitar from now on)<BR>Nicko McBrain - Drums<br />Overall: Well, judging from the marks I've given each song I'd have to say that this is perhaps Iron Maiden's proudest moment (I don't know what I'm saying) but not my favourite album before the World Slavery Tour. Still, I recommend this album for what it's worth, check it out if you ain't got it yet.
6304076517|4.0|For Mature Adults Only!    This film is made in the same cinematic style as \\"The Pillow Book\\" (1996), but the story in this film is easier to follow.  This film is the adaptation of William Shakespeare's The Tempest.  Sir John Gielgud (Arthur [1981], Arthur 2: On The Rocks [1988]) is the lead and narrates the entire film on film.  The film begins with Gielgud as \\"Prospero\\" writing his stories which as he writes, it comes to life.  Each scene looks like a Renaissance painting in motion.  Nearly all of the male and female models, dancers and actors are nude.    A film like this most certainly would be considered pornographic or exploiatation.  If made in the USA, it would be to the least receive an \\"NC-17\\" rating or \\"unrated\\".    This is a foreign-made film British and Danish.  Nudity in films is quite \\"common\\" in foreign films.  In this film, \\"Prospero's Books\\", every scene is filmed as \\"art\\" and simular to a stage production.  Wonderful cinematography and set design. What might be considered objectionable is the beginning of this film with the use of a nude boy resembling (in my opinion) the statue of the nude boy urinating.  (In the United States of America, we have seen that as a statue and as a novelty item).  Of course, the boy is not actually urinating, but it is a tube from under. Very strange film to watch and again FOR MATURE ADULTS ONLY!    The adult nudity is constant through out the film.  You will get use to it and be able to enjoy the storytelling.    Some well known faces include Erland Josephson (Fanny and Alexander [1983]) and Mark Rylance (Angels & Insects [1995], Intimacy [2003]). Mark Rylance plays \\"Ferdinand\\".  Erland Josephson plays \\"Gonzalo\\".
B0000DD7LC|5.0|This CD is outrageously good! Truly, this is the best CD of the year.  Every song has quality and is so different.  Keys has made a natrual comeback and perfectly creates this new CD..deserves GRAMMYS AND GRAMMYS AND GRAMMYS!! Each song is so different and amazing.  \\"You Don't Know My Name\\" and \\"If I aint got you\\" are the two radio hit's but just because the rest aren't on the radio does not mean they are not good..obviously if you listen you'll know this! The interlude \\"Feeling You, Feeling Me\\" is a great tune, short and simple but yet so good and sexy.  \\"So Simple\\" and \\"If I was your woman\\" are two of the other great song's on here..please please please buy this CD now and I am not just saying this...you will fall in love with Alicia!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0723284075|5.0|By printing each tale as a separate book, this boxed series presents Potter's tales in the form they were originally published.  The format allows each story to unfold with a deliberate pace, as the turning of each page reveals a fresh illustration alongside a few sparse lines of text.  In contrast, a so-called \\"complete tales of\\" volume I looked at totally destroyed the aesthetic integrity of Potter's work by squeezing entire stories into 2 or 3   11\\" x  8\\" pages.  Furthermore, the illustrations no longer followed the storyline in a linear fashion but instead looked like haphazard afterthoughts.    I would recommend this series for preserving that almost undefinable \\"charm\\" of the originals.
B0000B1OFL|4.0|While watching this movie, the movie &quot;Italian Job&quot; (with actor Mark Wahlberg in the movie)is really entertaining with having suspense, humor, action, and drama in the movie. It has everything a person wants in a movie. And it's worth watching it with Mark Wahlberg in it. :) <BR> So, if you didn't watch it, grab that tape or DVD and watch it with a love one. <BR> This tape even reminds me of &quot;Mission Impossible&quot;.
B00006LPER|4.0|I entirely agree with the previous reviewers. The actors and actresses are of the best choice. The characters are so well portrayed and the settings are so well depicted. The overall effects are quite convincing. It's defintely shocking and at least commercially this film is a success.    The choice of Schubert's music at least serves two points. First, Schubert's music is one of the saddest in the history of music, it's the music of the loniest pilgrim. Second, contrary to Beethoven's music, which is so clear and straight forward, the changes of moods in Schubert's music are so sudden and so abundant and that it is often difficult to follow, and so are the turns and twists in this story.    A general survey of the life of the pianists would making this story more convincing. An American critized Kissin for knowing nothing but playing on the piano from day to night all his life; Glenn Gould shut himself up in front of the piano since and before his pre-teens; Allica de Larrocha's mother begged her daughter to \\"live her life\\" (Allica's word), instead of sacrifying it to the piano; MargaretvArgerich's \\"fiance\\" (Margaret's own word) was the piano. The life of a musician destined to become a concert pianist could be very lonely ( and boring )to the point of abnormality unless you really enjoy it, or unless you can balance it with sufficient chamber music or the like. Yet, competition is so keen that 99 concert pianists out of a hundred would advise against a cereer of a concert pianist unless one is exceptionally talented.     Obviously the heroine here as \\"a piano teacher\\", despite her sacrifice, didn't quite make it as a concert pianist. Her mother, so possessive and dominating, furiously urged her to earn more money to buy a flat etc. Furthermore, the family has a history of mental problem; and her mother sharing the bed with her even when she was forty something. Needless to say, this case is by no means a norm yet it is not at all unconvincing. And having been to the concert hall where this film was shot, it appears to me strikingly sad and true.    What is controversial though is the deliberate distortion of the sound of all music, be it's piano or vocal music, so that there is NO MUSIC LEFT AT ALL, ONLY NOISES. Perhaps this serves the main theme of the story better, delivering a greater impact upon the audience. And yet on the other hand, one also wonders if that is really necessary, whether a mix of bitteress & sweetness would be more impressing.
B0000DZTIW|5.0|I didn' heard about Hans Zimmer before the Gladiator was first rolled out which both the movie and the soundtrack were excellent. Now that the Last Samurai was released I can't stop listening to it !! You have to buy this album, it worths more that you pay for, however I do recommend to watch the movie first to get into the old Japanese environment, culture, phylosofy and the way of the warrior &quot;bushido&quot;. Hans Zimmer music expresses the environment where old samurai and Japanese culture fussion frezzing the advance of the modern western influence ...<BR>My simple advice is to watch the Movie and don't wait any second !! Go and get this CD soundtrack !!!
B00005IC2H|5.0|Sigur Ros has never failed to impress me. This is the most relaxing, elegant kind of music I have ever heard. It literally sounds like it is something off of another planet, something like an entire new beginning - something very beautiful that you really can't explain in a review such as this. If you have not heard their music, I recommend them because you have to hear them at least once in your life to understand what I mean. =]
B00000DFRS|5.0|I liked this album from Whitney Houston when it came out! And still love it today!  And I like how the marimba/xylophone sounding It's Not Right weaves into Heartbreak Hotel's edgy techno-beat rhythms!  The Rodney Jerkins-produced songs gave people like Babyface, Soulshock/Karlin, Missy Elliott, Wyclef Jean and David Foster some stiff competition! If I Told You That sounds like Brandy and Monica's &quot;The Boy Is Mine&quot;, but this is very much a Whitney song. four of them were solid for Whitney. For once, this was what Whitney needed to get her out of the pattern of big, bombastic ballads from soundtracks of which she's so good at. And she had to compete with what Celine Dion was doing with the same pattern.  The more edgier, chance-taking R&amp;B songs were what she needed on here to stay ahead and she succeeded!  The title song is cool. I also liked the reflective ballad, &quot;Oh Yes.&quot; I liked &quot;I Learned From the Best&quot; since it continues her trademark power ballad pattern. A favorite I like on here is &quot;I Bow Out.&quot;  One of her better songs and the song just matches her singing so very well.  This album sold very strongly in '98-'99 and it's still one of her many crowning moments!
0671027387|3.0|Dan Brown is a one trick pony.  If you have read either Angels and Demons or the DiVinci Code, you will have no trouble figuring how this book pans out before you have finished fifty pages.  All three of these books use exactly the same plot, merely changing characters and setting in a sort of literary paint by numbers.  That being said, this book is still an entertaining and fast paced thriller.  If you are looking for something to read on the beach or an airplane, you can't go wrong with Dan Brown.  Still, I have a feeling you will be slightly disappointed with this book if you have read either of the titles mentioned above.  If you have not, skip straight to DiVinci Code and, if you like that, come back to this later.
B0001NBMBC|5.0|Slipknot is a profound element in the music world, mixing the best of what nature can push out and making masterpieces. I will Admit Iowa was a bit out of the element but Vol 3 defines them as a Band. From the excellent sound of the welded metal to Corey just changing it up on all of us, this is THE RETURN EXCUSE ME, THE SLIPKNOT ALBUM. Its the type of CD you listen to once and then you just get stuck and every time you put it in your CD deck its a euphoric experience that cant be explained. LIVE ON THE MAGGOTS. SLIPKNOT. STONE SOUR.
B00008CLOA|5.0|this cd is one of the best cd I have every heard in my life. they are one of the best bands out there. Must have for anyone. Buy it!!!!!!!
B00005JLEX|5.0|I would love nothing better than for them to just release the entire 9 seasons all at once, instead of just teasing us with one season at a time.  We Seinfeldians are passionate about the show, (don't believe me? Go to Stanthecaddy.com!) please let November get here quick, and PLEASE GIVE US MORE THAN JUST ONE SEASON AT A TIME!  Pretty Please?  Pretty Please with Junior Mints on it?????
B00000K19E|5.0|This is one of my favorite sci-fi movies ever. Whel the Matrix Revolutions may be better than this, that does not mean that the original one is no good. In fact, I really go nuts over it. I like the story, too: a young software technician named Neo gets a visit from mysterious woman named Trinity who he embarks and an action journey with. Should have won fifteen Oscars.
B000094FGO|5.0|This group rocks, and he shouldn't be discouraging other people from finding this out for themselves.  If he doesn't like the band, then he shouldn't listen to their cd. Bottom line.
B0001NBMBC|4.0|First off, this is a VERY good album, but this should have been Slipknot's 2nd album since it is alot more reminesciant of the first. They should have let Iowa be the badass 3rd album sendoff if thats to be the case with the band, which I pray it will not.  <BR>Iowa is my favorite slipknot work, but it is in complete honesty alil to one diminsional, I would compare these two albums to say Pantera's FBD being like Iowa and GSTK being likened to Vol. 3, ones straight on brutal and ones alot more experimental while still being fairly brutal.<BR>I really hope this isnt the end of Slipknot because now that they have succsesfully meshed the styles of thier first 2 albums number 4 should be something otherworldly, or maybe underworldly would be a better fit.<BR>Cant wait to see these guys KILL the 2nd stage at ozzfest 2004 in the Kountry music capitol Nashville TN!
0780628551|1.0|Glad I caught this one free on TV.  Surely I'm not spoiling it for you if I say that the &quot;astronauts&quot; impregnate their wives with alien babies? Snore...I figured that out 10 minutes into the movie. What a painfully boring movie this is.
B00000ADG2|5.0|This album is the best MCing I have heard in a long time ! Lauryn's rhyms are the illest thing I have ever heard, the lyrcis have real meaning and express the truths of life that others are afraid to expose. Good job Lauryn !
B000007SPU|5.0|After ordering 'Blood', the 3rd album from This Mortal Coil, I decided to pick up Filligree and Shadow, and I am very happy I did. This album combines gentle strings, throbbing guitars and gentle piano chords, along with mesmering synthesizers, creating a 76 minute epic 4AD masterpiece. I was shocked at how wonderful this CD is. Ivo Watts Russell takes a number of relatively unknown songs by other artists, and gives them a '4AD makeover'. (The Jeweller, Come Here My Love, My Father, Strength of Strings, Morning Glory, Firebrothers, I Must Have Been Blind, Alone, Drugs)<BR>There are also a number of TMC originals, which connect the songs to each other quite well. Darker and Warmer than It'll End in Tears, but more unfocused than Blood. <BR>If you like Cocteau Twins, Dead Can Dance, Pink Floyd, etc. Pick this album up. NOW.
B00005AQF7|5.0|Whether or not you're even into hiphop, you should have this cd just the same. it's a favorite even among heavy-metal rockers. Get it now! Anyone without it sucks!
B000002GFC|5.0|Imagine the ensemble : Eric Clapton guitar , Jack Bruce bass and Ginger Baker in drums. This team is in the rock music something like The New York Yankees in Major Leagues.<br />Powerful rhytms , advanced ideas and keep in mind that every one of these super gifted musician were among the top list in every one of his instruments.<br />Think in classical rock themes as The White Room , Badge, In the sunshine of your love , The tales of Brave Ulysses or Politician.<br />If you're a teenager, or even not, this album is a must for you because it's a decisive turning point in the rock music .<br />Cream was a status ensemble and still we can feel his powerful influence in certain bands.<br />A must in your collection.
0062502182|5.0|This book is wonderful. It's simple and can be read by almost anyone. That's one of the reasons I love this book. One can absorb the simplicity of something so immense and amazing. Read this book! It is amazing.
0823003590|5.0|As a previous reviewer has noted, the title of this book is a bit misleading- it's not a &quot;complete&quot; guide to drawing the head.  It really has a rather narrow focus: it concentrates on drawing three-quarter view portraits with (if you follow Maugham's instruction precisely) using two particular colors of pastel pencil on shaded drawing paper.  In addition to his specific materials and subjects, Maughan concentrates on teaching chiaroscuro (use of light and shadow to depict form) in a &quot;classical realist&quot; style.  However, for what the book really does, it does quite well.  Keeping a narrow focus in a drawing instruction book is a virtue.  Many drawing books (and I have a lot, since I've been trying to teach myself) try to cover far too much.  They try to summarize in a page or two each of the different drawing mediums (pastel, charcoal, pencil, pen, etc.) and different elements of drawing (line, tone, etc.) while not giving you enough depth or detail about any one thing to learn much that's useful.  Maughan, though, sticks to his central focus, describes the basic principles of chiaroscuro in an understandable manner, breaks down his drawing process into basic steps, and provides more demonstrations and detail than most books of this sort.  The best evidence I can give in its favor is that my drawing immediately improved after I read this book and started practicing its techniques (even though I've mostly been using pencil rather pastel, so you don't have to precisely follow Maughan's recommendations).<br />Overall, it's one of the clearest and most useful drawing instruction books that I've seen.  It's not really an ideal book for people just taking the first steps in learning to draw realistic portraits (for absolute beginners I would still recommend Betty Edwards' flawed but effective &quot;Drawing on the Right Side of the Brain&quot;).  It doesn't have much depth on some of the things that beginners need to learn, such as judging proportion.  However, it's a good book to use early in your drawing career.
B0000042MY|4.0|I purchased this cd after reading the reviews of this release (original 1992) and the 2000 recording.  Most of the commentators seem to have missed an important issue.  While the original release is exactly that -- the soundtrack of the movie -- and that music is gorgeous -- the recording of that music is not what anyone with a good stereo system will enjoy.  The sound, perhaps ok for theater, and maybe acceptable in Dobly 5.1 -- though I haven't really tried it that way -- sounds monophonic on a decent stero system.  There  is no real sense of space, very little left and right information, very little depth.  The orchestra sounds as if it is playing in a cave and the listener is standing some distance from the cave mouth.<br />This problem is fairly easily rectified if you have a good audio massage program.  CDex will rip the tracks to wave files (.wav) and remix the right and left channels for better separation (J-stereo).  Then you can transfer the newly mixed files to a cd-rom for playback in any dvd/cd player.  It sounds MUCH better this way -- much more like live music.<br />But if all this sounds like too much work AND you care about realistically reproduced music, you may be better off purchasing the 2000 release.  While I haven't auditioned it except for the online sound bites, it's likely to be the better recording.  If you can't tell left from rght channel audio or you like monophonic sound, then by all means, buy the 1992 release.
B00004YW6I|5.0|The editorial review above misses the point - far from being more of the same, Stories from the City breaks into territory PJ Harvey never dared to venture before - peace and happiness.  She rallies against her fears in &quot;Big Exit,&quot; the blazing opening number, opting for defiance instead of death and then unleashes an album that defends her life at all costs, until, in the soft, languid penultimate number, &quot;Horses in My Dreams,&quot; she quietly, defiantly declares &quot;I have pulled myself clear.&quot;  The album reflects a new, mature Harvey, enchanted by a new home in New York and appreciating every moment.  The record masterfully closes on &quot;We Float,&quot; a song that directly discusses feeling as though she had hit rock bottom and climbing her way out.  She sings, &quot;But now we'll float, take life as it comes.&quot;  They're words we never expected out of PJ Harvey, and on this remarkable album, they're an absolute revelation to hear.
B0000CDL93|1.0|Oliver Stone managed to create a quilt of lunacy, fantasy, some facts, and downright lies. Anyone that comes away thinking that they saw some facts regarding the JFK murder, is actually fooling themselves. Don't waste anytime with this tripe.
B000050XEI|5.0|This CD contais the marvelous Only Time, which was one of the soundtracks of &quot;Sweet November&quot;. It's gorgeous.<br />Enya continues being my favourist singer of all time. Her voice is amazing and in each of her CDs you have something very special.<br />Wild Child is a piece that tell us how to take advantage of every single moment of all our lives. Again the singer and composer tell us to seize the day.<br />In Only Time we found roads that leads to love. The song is perfect for the film.<br />It is dificult to elicit the best song, because all of them has a peculiar charateristic.<br />The CD is wraped up with &quot;Lazy Days&quot;, contrasting, in my opinion, hardworking days with the relaxing ones&quot;.<br />You listen to Enya once and then you'll be completely adicted to her gorgeous voice. You just get very anxious to get her next CD.
B000001E29|5.0|It's not always easy to discern the logic behind the organization of a Tom Waits album; fortunately the man is a good enough musician to get away with juxtaposing music of widely differing themes and styles all on the same disc.  It's even harder to follow the soundtracks to the multiple stage-productions for which he has written music, since there is no way to tell where each song and instrumental number fits in the universal scheme of the plot.<br />When dealing with Tom Waits, again, it doesn't really matter.  Few of us were lucky enough to be hanging around the Thalia theatre when The Black Rider had its run ... I wasn't even ten years old at the time!  Even fewer of us could recite the Black Rider story on call; it's an old German folk tale that was also set to music by Carl Maria von Weber in the 19th century.  Consequently, I know little more about the illustrious old tale than I could gather from the liner notes here.  But I still love the album dearly.<br />The more releases we see from living legend Waits, the more it seems that he can't make a CD without the stamp of brilliance on it.  Some of these songs easily rank with the best of his career.  \\"Just the Right Bullets\\" is mind-blowing, and the instrumental backing has a sound I haven't found in any of Waits' other work.  \\"The Briar and the Rose,\\" with its allusions to Waits' wife, Kathleen Brennan, is among the very best of his ballads.  Nor is there any way to beat the carnival-barking announcement of the opening track, announcing an exhibition of \\"human oddities.\\"  Indeed.<br />What makes The Black Rider unusual, perhaps, is the presense of a large number of instrumentals.  Of course, Waits had been writing them for a long time -- listen to \\"Rainbirds\\" on Swordfishtrombones or \\"Midtown\\" on Rain Dogs -- but they reach a new prominence here.  Some of them are simply short episodes of connecting music, while others, like \\"Gospel Train\\" and \\"Russian Dance\\" are long pieces of brilliant and often quite radical music.  \\"Gospel Train,\\" in particular, must rank as just about the most deliciously dissonant four minutes in all popular music.  The vocal version of \\"Gospel Train\\" even features train noises from Tom!<br />One other feature of this CD that receives quite a bit of comment is the presense of William Burroughs.  I'm not sure that his sprechstimme delivery of \\"'Tain't no Sin\\" adds a whole lot to the album, but it certainly doesn't detract.  And the lyrics on that song are wonderful: \\"When it's too hot for comfort / And you can't get an ice cream cone / 'Tain't no sin to take off your skin / And dance around in your bones.\\"<br />In the end, this is certainly not the Waits album I would give to someone unfamiliar with his work.  It could take some getting used to, though I enjoyed it from the beginning.  Certainly the logic behind the music is very hard to determine in absence of the theatrical context, but the \\"remainders,\\" as it were, are more than enough for a feast of very quirky musical enjoyment.  Highly recommended!
B000088E6D|5.0|What a voice! I can only hope that Michael is every bit as good live (I've got a front-row seat for his show in two weeks!)as he is on this CD.  I cannot stop playing it!
B0001NBMBC|5.0|this is the culmination of all things slipknot...beautifully ugly,this is freddy krueger meets pink floyd...yeah it's not as hard as the first...nor is it as one-dimensional as iowa was just toooooo moody/dark/whatever...rick rubin is a god who has brought the emerging qualities(stone sour/murderdolls/and various others) together...get over your need for things to be hard for frikkin hards sake and appreciate how truly f'd up this music is...to go from psychotic to sensitive and back...this is emotional stuff ladies!!!!
B00005JMFQ|2.0|Somehow when I rent a DVD &quot;starring&quot; Hugh Grant, I expect to see a lot of Hugh Grant.  Silly me!  In this ensemble effort, he is in just a few scenes, playing the Prime Minister of England who is inexplicably attracted to a foul-mouthed female assistant.  If that's not enough, there's a couple starring in a porn film who are too shy to even kiss on their first date.  I could go on and on, but suffice it to say that this movie can't decide if it's concentrating on its R rating or trying to be a feel-good movie.  It tries to do both and doesn't succeed very well in either effort.
B0000AQVCL|3.0|Thee are 3 schools of classic rock-those that dig the 50's innovators, those that dig the&quot;fine musicians&quot; of progressive rock, and those that think AC/DC was so much better than Led Zeppelin it's not funny, 'cause they didn't screw around. If you are in this 3rd group, buy this damn album. It'a somewhat manufactured, but if they deliver what you want, who cares? You have to buy SOMETHING between Hives releases!
0312305060|5.0|I sincerely hope that, with the passage of time, this book will come to be seen as a true modern masterpiece. This is certainly the most fluid, effective, and beautiful novel I have been fortunate enough to encounter. I have not yet read Woolf's Mrs. Dalloway, but, even without having experienced this book in the context of that work, The Hours stands very much on its own.<BR>   The story has been recounted so many times here that another summary would be completely superfluous. I'll concentrate here on the efficacy with which Michael Cunningham wields his literary powers. As he himself has said, a novel should function as a companion. The Hours seems to comply rather well with that definition. With its subtly yet powerfully interwoven themes of sexuality, contentedness, youth, affection, anxiety, the choices we make, and, especially, the nature of art, it manages to awaken the reader to a world of new ideas and perceptions. When you read The Hours, the book accompanies you inside yourself and out into the world; it has become a lens through which I analyze and observe.<BR>   The single most powerful aspect of the novel was, to me, the writing style. Even if a novel has poignant ideologies and effective characterizations, I find myself detached from it unless it speaks to me stylistically. Cunningham's prose is meltingly gorgeous. His writing isn't really stream-of-consciousness, but it just takes you so far within his characters.<BR>   The Hours earns my highest recommendation, as does the film adaptation, which is remarkably effective in translating a very un-cinematic novel onto the screen. Many have deemed both book and movie overly depressing, but I have found them uplifting and incredibly engaging. You owe it to yourself to read this novel.
0316666343|1.0|I bought the hardcover edition of this book before a flight (my first mistake).  If I hadn't been stuck on a plane for several hours, I would probably never have finished it.  While the first three chapters are moving, they are not particularly well written.  Instead they rely on a kind of emotional shock value.  It's difficult to decide whether Sebold's unsophisticated style is meant to reflect the youth of her narrator or if it's simply the inability to produce anything more mature.  While the characters of Susie and the her father are probably the most realistic, there isn't enough character development to make the reader feel invested in what happens to any of them.  The plot becomes increasingly convoluted as the book wears on.  The gritty violence and realism of the first half of the book don't mesh with the spiritual interpretations and fantastic leanings in the second half.  The only interest I had in the book was to see if Susie's murder is solved.  There's a reason this book was on all the bestseller lists--it's a simple read with no plot depth or value, which seems to be important to a book's success in modern America.  Some people have claimed that I just &quot;don't get it&quot;--if &quot;getting it&quot; means enjoying simplistic and  contrived books, then I'd rather not get it.  If you're desperate to read this book, do yourself a favor--buy paperback.  Don't waste $20+  like I did!
B00005JMJ4|3.0|A lot of reviews said this was a comedy.  It has some funny parts but I wouldn't consider this a comedy.  It's insightful and well thought out.  The characters take some time to develop but are interesting and you find yourself liking them in the end.<br />It's not a bad movie at all but it's more of a cerebral drama.
B0000AXE8I|1.0|The first Matrix Movie tops my list of favorites, the second was done well enough to keep me waiting for the final. When I saw the the final, one time, I walked away thinking what a waste! I have both of the first two movies on DVD and will not be completing the set. This last &quot;movie&quot; was just STUPID! What where you guys thinking? With an established cast and foundation for greatness, there was potential to knock one out of the park. I would rather have teeth pulled than watch this disaster again. What a waste, so sad, such potential. *sigh*
B0000029GA|5.0|This album in my eyes is the greatest of all time. It is perfect in every way. I could listen to it every day of the year and still be amazed. Nas is the last real n*gga alive. RIP Biggie and 2Pac. I have nothing more to say.
B000002H33|4.0|Metallica's Master of Puppets is thought to be their finest moment by many, and I can see why. This is Metallica's triumphant third album, and the last with the late Cliff Burton. The album features 8 tracks, yet clocks in at about an hour. Metallica is, in 1986, the year of the album's release, singer/rhythm guitarist James Hetfield, lead guitarist Kirk Hammett, late bassist Cliff Burton, and and drummer Lars Ulrich. The lyrical topics range from agression, to drug addiction, to monsters from H.P. Lovecraft novels, and so on. Musically, intense heaviness is always present, but beautiful clean parts and shining solos also come through. The album, in my opinion, is not too short of flawless, other than the fet that the solos are in my opinion not top-notch. The album starts off with Battery, a fast-paced thrash anthem that will have you pounding your fist and banging your head. The next track is Master of Puppets, an epical eight minute thrash track. The intro to the song is heavy and fast, as is the entire song, untill the interlude, which is a shimmering clean part and harmony fill, followed by a soft solo, then the song kicks back into high gear with four more minutes of pounding thrash, including another solo. My only problem with the song is that the solo hardly does the amazing song justice. It sounds to me like a barrage of notes, with no real emotion. Next is the Thing That Should Not Be. To be honest, I agree. The song is nice, but I usually skip it. Welcome Home more than makes up for the previous song, being the Metallica equivalent of a ballad. The guitars are beautiful and the lyrics are great. Not to mention the soft guitar solos are phenomenal. The heavy guitar solo, well, hardly does the song justice, once again. The follower, Disposable Heroes, has great lyrics, and is intensely heavy. Once again, the solo is hardly adequate for such an emotional song. Leper Messiah is great riff-metal, with intense riffs, thought-provoking lyrics, and a solo that isalmost decent. The eight minute instrumental, Orion, shows the entire band's talent, though I don't see what the rave is about Cliff Burton on this song, or on any. I sympathize about the man's death, but I honestly don't like him much as a bassist. I prefer Black Sabbath's Geezer Butler. The song begins witha grinding riff, than the song comes to a bass solo, ending the first part of the song, and kicking off the second part of the song, where the instrumental is jampacked with downright beautiful guitar soloing, making up for some abscence of the aforementioned earlier. A brilliant song, perfect ten stars. The album ends explosively with the intense rocker Damage Inc. The song is pure thrash, and also a great guitar solo. Amazing album. I absolutely love the album, but I gave it four stars because I beleive it has flaws. I had to be honest in the opinion that the solos are greatly lacking on most tracks and the bass isn't phenomenal. I'd recommend it to any fan of real heavy metal, such as Slayer, Megadeth, and Venom. I would also recommend it to fans of Nu-metal such as Limp Bizkit and Korn, as though MoP is intensely heavy, it won't scare nu-metal fans like maybe Death Metal or Black Metal would, and could possibly lead them into liking more extreme types if Metal. I would recommend it also to any Metallica fan, old school or new school. GET THIS ALBUM. If you want good guitar solos, get Metallica (The Black ALbum) in addition, as this album has amazing solos. And Justice For All... also has some good solos. For good bass, Black Sabbath's We Sold Our Soul For Rock And Roll.
B00006CXSS|1.0|More action-figure heroics from Steven Spielberg. Forget about rational humanism or historical perspective: Pop open a beer, plant an American flag in the yard and sit glass-eyed for 10 hours while Papa Spielberg spins more exciting tales of &quot;real GI action!&quot; <br />What's the difference between this &amp; a Sgt. Rock comic?<br />Nothing.
B0001IN07Q|5.0|Michael Buble' has given new meaning to GREAT MUSIC! His unique sound is so pleasing and his spin on each song during this live, in concert series deserves praise of the highest kind.<BR>Truly entertaining and thoroughly pitch perfect......<BR>If you enjoyed his self-titled debut, then this is what you MUST HAVE.
B0000457HB|5.0|This collection speaks for itself!  Thirty songs and not a single dud!  What is here is essential and entertaining.  If there is any flaw I can find it would be this:  Is this collection suppose to be just Barry White: SOLO artist?  There are a few collections from Love Unlimited Orchestra, but still I don't have a problem with it.<br />The really great thing about its collection that it included his 1990s hits &quot;Practice What You Preach&quot; and &quot;Stayin' Power&quot; which is better than his 1994 &quot;All-Time Greatest Hits&quot; on one CD.  If you are a fan, but are still not sure about his box set, then this is your ideal pick.  Highly recommended!
1594200106|2.0|It's hard to know what to make of this book -- it's a cross between a modern bodice-ripper, a nineteenth-century Italian opera, and Casablanca.  Overblown, overlong, overcomplicated, overdetailed, over-dramatic, over the top in almost every respect.  I listened to the audio tape, and the occasional tinkling piano music (composed by the author, we learn at the end) added to the overall effect.  If you like misty streets, dark lowering clouds, eternal love, Spanish passion, unwitting incest, endless detail and a totally improbable story-line, then this is the book for you.  My favorite line in the entire book, about the disfigured spectre who haunts the streets of Barcelona -- &quot;I wanted to kiss him. . . but he had no lips.&quot;
B00005NWM3|1.0|I looked like the guy on the album cover while listening to this cd. I cried because it was way too painful to listen to this crap. People, go listen to some good music... and no that doesn't mean radiohead. Radiohead sucks. a lot. So if you like radiohead AND nickelback, you're a total dipshi.
0790729369|5.0|One can only continue to marvel at the incredible range Meryl Streep has shown over her many years; she's going to receive a Lifetime Achievement Award from the American Film Institute later this month, and what a deserved honor that is.<br />This love story doesn't really offer anything new in the lines of romance, but it does offer us mature adults facing a heartbreaking decision...a choice.  Meryl's hand on the door of her husband's truck while trying to decide whether to run off with Clint Eastwood is one of those moments that only an actress like Streep could pull off so convincingly.<br />Streep and Eastwood pair well, and they have some powerful scenes, some without dialogue.  The addition of the modern day segment featuring Streep's grown children could have been left out, but Annie Corley did a nice job; Victor Slezak was so-so.  Jim Haynie in his brief role as Meryl's husband is a sharp contrast to the outgoing, masculine Clint.  As he has shown in such powerful movies as MYSTIC RIVER and UNFORGIVEN, Clint has become a director of incredible vision and sensibility.  His direction and Meryl's performance elevate this standard fare to classic heights.
B00006LI4S|5.0|The appreciation of music is a highly subjective matter; what I might love, you can feel free to hate. But, in the age of \\"American Idol\\" (and the \\"mega-stars\\" who are the inspiration for those who seek the title), it's nice to see that real art has a staying power. This music is all about touch, from the craftsmanship of its performance to its grip on the heart strings of the listener. Ratings are meaningless, especially (I checked) when so many releases accrue 4.5 stars as an average. All I can say is that if you were ever a fan of David Gilmour's playing, there is absolutely nothing here to turn you away (gorgeous tone, as always) and he is accompanied by a BRILLIANT ensemble. This is simply one of the finest performances I have ever heard/seen (let's not forget the video production which is first rate). This is not Pink Floyd; this is a mature musician baring his soul (no Wall here) and, apparently, loving every second of it (as did I). I highly recommend this DVD and I am deeply grateful for its release. I shall never tire of it. Thanks Dave!
B00005JKBC|4.0|Tony Scott's intricately plotted spy drama ironically places two of our blond matinee idols in jeopardy.  A leathery-faced Robert Redford with the fresh blossom of youth in Brad Pitt.  Both actors do well in their roles, with Redford coming out on top as his role demands a little more.  Scott is good in keeping the pace quick even though there are several moments that you wonder if he can keep it up.  Pitt plays a CIA operative captured on a botched mission and scheduled to be executed by the Chinese.  Of course, the CIA will allow this because Pitt was on a rogue unauthorized mission, and they don't want to ruin their trade relationship with China.  Redford does everything he can in a 24 hour period to ensure Pitt's safety.<br />The movie has a fine supporting cast including Marie-Jean Baptiste as Redford's secretary; Larry Bryggman (soap opera's AS THE WORLD TURNS); Catherine McCormack as Pitt's love interest, and Stephen Dillane as Harker, the self-assured, egotistical fellow agent.<br />David Hemmings and Charlotte Rampling have cameos.<br />All in all, entertaining, if a little hard to follow sometimes.
B0001Z53AQ|2.0|By now you all know that Eminem is a talented mc (though the MTV crowd overrates him).  We all know he has the necessary skills to record classic material.  Well why isn't he doing it?  Instead Em has chosen to release bubblegum pop music over and over.  That's what brought down the Eminem Show.  He reached his peak with the Marshall Mathers LP and even that album had a handful of filler tracks.  Now for this D12 album.<br />Let me tell you, there aren't any truly great songs on this album.  I didn't expect a 5 star release since this is D12 but I at least thought they would make it decent.  By now you've all heard &quot;My Band&quot; and &quot;40 oz&quot;.  I don't even have to tell you how horrible and annoying &quot;My Band&quot; is.  It was hard to believe that an mc of Em's caliber would play a role in a song like this.  Is it just me or does Em intentionally put an annoying song like this on every release he's involved in?  &quot;My Name Is&quot;, &quot;Real Slim Shady&quot;, &quot;Without Me&quot;.  However, Eminem groupies are quick to make excuses for songs like this.  As bad as &quot;My Band&quot; is, &quot;40 oz&quot; is even worse.  D12 and Lil' Jon DO NOT mix.  They're like oil and water and this song is pure garbage.  &quot;D12 World&quot;, &quot;U R The One&quot;, and &quot;I'll Be Damned&quot; are pure filler tracks (then again, the core of this album is filler).  The only tracks worth listening to are &quot;Good Die Young&quot; and &quot;American Psycho 2&quot;.  &quot;Good Die Young&quot; is dedicated to a lost friend.  Why can't the rest of the album be like this?  Overall production on this album isn't as good as you would have expected it to be.  Eminem produced a large portion of the tracks so you know that means many of the beats are weak.  Even the Kanye West produced &quot;D12 World&quot; was a bore.  At least Dre came through on &quot;American Psycho 2&quot;.<br />I seriously recommend that you DO NOT BUY THIS ALBUM.  Download &quot;Good Die Young&quot; and &quot;American Psycho 2&quot;.  Minus Proof, D12 is weak.  Even Eminem/D12 fans said this album was bad.  You have truly be a Eminem groupie to force yourself to like this.  I hoped Em would bring up the quality of this LP with his rhymes but he doesn't add anything to it.  The fact that he is so talented makes me more disappointed in him than the rest of the crew.  He's shown in the past that he has the potential to record classic material but he continues to waste his skills in order to cater to the TRL groupie crowd.  Until he chooses to harness his skills for a classic LP, I cannot list him as one of the greats.
B00005OWEG|3.0|This film has been recut with an extra 45 minutes. None of the scens added are particularily good except the extra Marlon Brando scene and the french plantation scene. But the film could do with out those also. Many of the new scenes like the play boy bunnies and teh stealing of the surfboard are to the detriment of the story and the characters. Still even this cut is better than most films out there. Good to see out of interest sake, but will always watch the original release for satisfaction.
B0001NBMBC|1.0|ok i have been with this band since way back in the day considering i'm from iowa, and i know the underground scene around here, common sense. the old slipknot is gone. their debut album never left my cd player for the first 6 months and every metal head in my high school felt the same way, slipknot had taken over the world, then iowa came out and all of a sudden they dropped, u can't beat the first album, i was very upset and let down really bad, a band i loved came out with a cd i didn't like, especially \\"representin' nigga\\" cuz i'm from iowa, then stone sour comes into play, and this guy named corey starts singing like a female, another smack in the face, then this \\"vol 3\\" crap or whatever its called comes out and i have come to realize i gave up on this band and even locked their debut album in the R.I.P. box cuz they are so bad now, they sound like ther old cd, MFKR, where the guitars weren't very developed and kind of sloppy and the vocals are back to stone sour, both which i'm not a big fan of, i gotta find a 9 chamber gun.....besides this manstream metal is getting very very old, 5 years ago mudvayne, slipknot, system, all them bands were mainstream and they still are, get into new stuff like unearth, as i lay dying, atreyu, most precious blood, throwdown,and hell even keep hatebreed alive but bye slipknot, quit wasting valuable black cds......
B00005ATQF|4.0|One of the great movies of all time. Essentially it is one story for the first 1/2 of the film and another for the 2nd half. But the two stories work so well together it is all the more effective.<BR>The cinematography is beautiful and the acting and dialogue is superb. My only probelm is that this digital remastered version is full frame and not widescreen. Will be waiting for a proper edition, remastered and widescreen.
0385335482|5.0|One of the cutest, funniest and most addicting novels that I've ever read.  I always finish the Shopaholic series in one sitting.  They may very well be my most favorite books.  Keep 'em coming Ms. Kinsella!
6305609705|5.0|The horror of war and what it does to teh mind of men is exposed beautifully here in this grande epic. Great performances, plot and cinematography. It doesnt get much better than this.
B0001UL7RY|5.0|Alright, i was a little skepitical at first, i must admit. But, I bought it anyways, and i LOVE it! All of the songs are awesome, and the lyrics are so great. So go out and but this album right now!
B000002P2V|5.0|The title track alone and the &quot;lost verse&quot; bonus track version of it are incentive enough to buy this album.  The rest of the album is also very good, but of a different style than that of the title track. Music Must Change, 905, Sister Disco, Guitar and Pen, Trick of the Light, and Love is Coming Down are all great songs, however there is a marked increase in the use of synths more so than any of the previous albums.  This is not bad, but it may take a couple of listens before you truly start to appreciate the album.  Overall a very good, and the last studio album with Keith Moon still around.
B0001NBMBC|2.0|Slipknot will lose a lot of their hardcore fans with this album because it is very, VERy radio friendly. If you don't believe me then next time you hear &quot;Duality&quot; (quite an aweful song), then shut up. This album is better suited to be called &quot;Stone Sour re-vistied,&quot; than anything else. I used to enjoy Stone Sour, but with this release I realize it was just a test by the label to see if they could sell Slipknot CDs to a new audience (a.k.a. radio rock kids). This is the exact same thing that happened with Blink 182/Box Car Racer. I'm not comparing Slipknot and Blink 182 at all. I can tolerate the new Slipknot CD. I became a Slipknot fan with the self-titled album because it was different from what was going on at the time. Now Slipknot has gone the way of Metallica in making a crummy album that insults true fans and sells to radio-rock loving nu-metal kids. Don't call yourself a Slipknot fan if you don't at least realize that this is an inferrior release to the Self Titled and &quot;IOWA&quot; albums. Also, if you can, track down a copy of Mate.Feed.Kill.Repeat if you want to know what Slipknot COULD HAVE DONE. They could have been one of the most diverse and insane bands on the planet, but the consentrated to metal (which was VERY good) and now on to Radio Rock. Please don't call this Metal. That is like saying Taproot and Trapt or metal. Do yourself a favor and go pick up some Cannibal Corpse and Killswitch Engage CDs if you want REAL Metal.
0446677450|1.0|I read this book after receiving a couple of recommendations from friends. Boy, what a disappointment. This is the most poorly written book I have read in a long time! It contains nothing but the author's self serving stories and few really bad pieces of advice. Seriously, I don't see how this book can have such a high rating unless Kyosaki is rating his own book under false names.<br />If you are serious about investing and about achieving financial independence, save your money and read a SERIOUS book.
B0000DD7LB|5.0|Let's face it, Britney is the bomb!  People say she's a horrible singer, well, whatever! She might not quite have the pipes as Christina, but let's look at her list of awesome songs: &quot;..baby on more time&quot; &quot;oops I did it again&quot; &quot;lucky&quot; &quot;slave 4 u&quot; &quot;Crazy&quot; ohh gosh, the list goes on and on, and this album only adds to them!<br />&quot;Me Against The Music&quot; isn't one of my favorites, but it's certainly not bad! &quot;Toxic&quot; is of course, a song so good it's worth buying the album for it alone. But then there's others.  &quot;I got that Boom boom&quot; featuring the ying yang twins, is reallly funky and fun! &quot;Outrageous&quot; is also funky, and a great dance song, &quot;Breathe on Me&quot; is kind of a slow song, but it's fantastic! way better than &quot;Everytime&quot; (which is also good) it's a shame they didn't make it the 3rd single.  &quot;The Hook Up&quot; is great, as well as &quot;Showdown&quot; really, generally speaking, the &quot;Good Song&quot; count on this album is far more than any of her previous albums.<br />If you're a britney fan, this one is designed just for you! If you're just now starting to like her, this is the best place to start.
B0001UL7RY|5.0|This is definately the best CD I own, how Avril has matured over 2 years is amazing.  I can relate to every single lyric, every single melody, and that is why I'm so into her music.  She's really progressed over a couple years, as you can hear.  I'm going to rate it track by track..<br />1] Take Me Away: (4/5), I remember being so stoked when I first heard this song (it was leaked by a radio station in Edmonton) Avril really surprised me when I first heard the screaming, you can hear the emotion in her voice.  It's awesome.<br />2] Together: (5/5), Words really cannot describe how I feel about this song, it's the best thing I've ever heard.  The lyrics, her voice, everytihng...it's a brand new sound.  There isn't a single other song or artist out there you can compare Avril to after listening to this.  And this is why so many people love her.<br />3] Don't Tell Me: (3/5), I think it really has a good message and made an alright first single.  The song is good, but since she wrote it when she was 17, I think she can do even better now.  Avril is so full of potential, but I'm not sure how much better she can get.<br />4] He Wasn't: (4/5), I first heard it acoustically and was amazed by her voice.  It kind of reminds me of Sk8er Boi, because it's so upbeat and jumpy.  I like it.<br />5] How Does It Feel: (5/5), This song is so amazing, she really experimented with her sound..mostly because she was working with Chantal.  But her voice is awesome, and at the end of the song...wow.<br />6] My Happy Ending: (5/5), The main reason I listen to Avril so much is because I can relate to her lyrics so well, and her songwriting skills definately shouldn't be overlooked.  I know that was a key role in why so many people hated Avril when 'Let Go' came out, \\"She's so fake, the Matrix wrote it\\" ...you can't say that anymore.  It's the perfect 2nd single.<br />7] Nobody's Home: (4/5), I'm really glad Avril and Ben met because this song turned out amazing, even though I prefer it acoustically because her voice isn't so low as on the CD.  The lyrics are once again top notch, her voice is great.  My favorite part is the bridge, give it a listen.  I think this song would make a good single as well, she'd gain fans.<br />8] Forgotten: (5/5), This is my favorite song.  Avril surprised a lot of people by putting a song like this on her sophomore album.  It starts out with riffs like a Metallica song as you can hear the pain in her voice.  AMAZING.<br />9] Who Knows: (5/5), Avril's vocals in this song are awesome, the lyrics are really inspirational, and I wouldn't be surprised if this song hasn't saved hundreds of teenage girls' lives already.  That in itself is beyond words, Avril is rad.<br />10] Fall To Pieces: (4/5), Awww a love song.  I really like it because it's just so friggen happy.  The lyrics just make me smile, it's such a feel good song. <br />11] Freak Out: (3/5), I personally think it's one of the weakest songs on the album, but it's still great...which says a lot.  Even one of the weakest songs can still kick the asses of 99% of all artists in the pop genre.  Avril is different.<br />12] Slipped Away: (4/5), I've never really lost anyone close to me, so I can't relate as much with this song.  But I can see it helping so many people, and Avril's voice is once again - amazing.<br />If you'd like to learn more about Avril, I'd recommend checking out avrilbandaids.com or teamavril.com - they're both great sites.<br />**I'd really recommend buying UNDER MY SKIN.  Even if you don't like it (which is highly unlikely), music is the best present in the world to give.. so that's always an option.  Or better yet, buy one for you AND one for your friend.  And everyone lives happily ever after. **
0783116934|5.0|Ted Bundy. Jeffrey Dahmer. Andrei Chikatilo. Andrei Chikatilo? While the first two names are instantly recognizable, that last one raises shoulders. He belongs with the likes of Bundy, however, because Andrei Chikatilo was one of the most fearsome serial killers the modern world has ever seen. His murderous rampages took place in the former Soviet Union during the 1970s and 1980s, during a time when the hammer and sickle flew proudly over the Kremlin, Russian troops invaded Afghanistan, and Jimmy Carter boycotted the Olympics. He preyed on children riding trains, killing over fifty of them before the authorities finally brought him to justice. Chikatilo's trial, which took place after the fall of communism, saw the monster secured in a large cage in the courtroom as the parents of the victims wept, fainted, and hurled invectives at the seemingly mild mannered man. They had a good reason to be angry. For years, Chikatilo killed with impunity within a system that termed serial killers a &quot;decadent western phenomenon,&quot; a system that continually ignored, mismanaged, and outright lied about the horrors unfolding in the forests around Rostov, the city where Chikatilo lived and practiced his abhorrent activities. Fortunately, the court found Andrei Chikatilo guilty of mass murder and imposed a sentence of capital punishment. Thanks to Russian prison authorities, Chikatilo has since exited this mortal coil.<br />&quot;Citizen X&quot; is more than the story of Andrei Chikatilo, a marvelously acted, written, and directed tale that succeeds because it goes beyond the story of a killer to tell a truth about communism and the former Soviet Union. The story begins when a local cop brings in a body to the office of the new forensic pathologist in Rostov, Viktor Burakov (Stephen Rea). When the doctor tells the cop to head back out and look for evidence, more bodies start pouring into the office. Obviously, the authorities have a problem on their hands. But in Soviet Russia, the police can't do anything without attending seeking permission from committees made up of local military officers, KGB, and party apparatchiks. Burakov goes in front of this body to report his findings and request funds to buy the necessary equipment to launch an investigation. He mistakenly mentions &quot;serial killer&quot; in the process, which outrages Bondarchuk (Joss Ackland), the local representative of the communist party. He denies a serial killer could ever arise in the people's paradise, labeling it a &quot;decadent western phenomenon.&quot; Other members of the panel attribute the crimes to gypsies or other &quot;social undesirables.&quot; Only one man, Colonel Mikhail Fetisov (Donald Sutherland), is willing to listen to Burakov's claims-and even then only outside the conference room. Fetisov knows how the bureaucracy works whereas Burakov doesn't. The efforts to catch the killer while dealing with red tape forms the critical link that eventually unites the two men.<br />Meanwhile, the killings continue. We learn that one Andrei Chikatilo (Jeffrey DeMunn), a disgruntled factory worker with serious inadequacy issues, takes his frustrations out on the wayward children who spend their days riding the trains. By preying on kids ignored by society, Chikatilo can and has escaped detection for years. He escapes his fate for a few more years despite efforts by Burakov to detain him. It turns out Chikatilo is a member of the communist party and thus immune from the normal procedures involved in a criminal case. Bondarchuk orders Burakov to release Chikatilo, thus allowing the killer to commit crimes for several more years. When the Soviet Union finally collapses in the early 1990s, Fetisov finally gains the power needed to launch a massive investigation. The investigators once again detain Chikatilo, but this time they bring in a psychologist by the name of Bukhanovsky (Max von Sydow) to conduct the interrogation. The film's conclusion shows us exactly whathappened to Andrei Chikatilo after Fetisov, Burakov, and Bukhanovsky cracked the case. You'll get a measure of satisfaction watching the end of this film.<br />&quot;Citizen X&quot; is a made for HBO film that should have played in the theaters. Everything works in the movie. The acting is superb, with special mention going to Rea, Sutherland, Ackland, and von Sydow. The Burakov character as played by Stephen Rea captures perfectly the years of personal pathos an investigator undergoes during a murder investigation, as well as the futility of knocking one's head against the rigid communist party system. Sutherland, too, gives the movie a measure of dignity. His character at first comes off as hardhearted, but as the plot progresses we discover he too wants more than anything to catch this killer. Sutherland and Rea possess great chemistry that shows every time the two are on screen together. Ackland as the dogmatic communist with a secret of his own is a great addition to the cast. Von Sydow steals every scene he's in; my favorite part of the film happens when Bukhanovsky and Chikatilo are talking during the interrogation and the killer finally breaks down. The look von Sydow's character casts towards the two-way glass is brilliant in the way it conveys a whole host of emotions in the space of a single second. DeMunn too is fantastic. Actually, all the performances achieve a level of greatness rarely seen in a non-theatrical production.<br />Beware as you watch &quot;Citizen X.&quot; The scenes of violence involving Chikatilo and some of his victims are extremely tough to watch. They even made this horror film fan cringe. As for the DVD, you don't get much other than some cast and crew biographies. Still, you won't miss extras that much with this movie. &quot;Citizen X&quot; may well be one of the best movies made about how the authorities track down a serial killer. For a fine viewing experience, give this one a watch soon.happened to Andrei Chikatilo after Fetisov, Burakov, and Bukhanovsky cracked the case. You'll get a measure of satisfaction watching the end of this film.<br />&quot;Citizen X&quot; is a made for HBO film that should have played in the theaters. Everything works in the movie. The acting is superb, with special mention going to Rea, Sutherland, Ackland, and von Sydow. The Burakov character as played by Stephen Rea captures perfectly the years of personal pathos an investigator undergoes during a murder investigation, as well as the futility of knocking one's head against the rigid communist party system. Sutherland, too, gives the movie a measure of dignity. His character at first comes off as hardhearted, but as the plot progresses we discover he too wants more than anything to catch this killer. Sutherland and Rea possess great chemistry that shows every time the two are on screen together. Ackland as the dogmatic communist with a secret of his own is a great addition to the cast. Von Sydow steals every scene he's in; my favorite part of the film happens when Bukhanovsky and Chikatilo are talking during the interrogation and the killer finally breaks down. The look von Sydow's character casts towards the two-way glass is brilliant in the way it conveys a whole host of emotions in the space of a single second. DeMunn too is fantastic. Actually, all the performances achieve a level of greatness rarely seen in a non-theatrical production. <br />Beware as you watch &quot;Citizen X.&quot; The scenes of violence involving Chikatilo and some of his victims are extremely tough to watch. They even made this horror film fan cringe. As for the DVD, you don't get much other than some cast and crew biographies. Still, you won't miss extras that much with this movie. &quot;Citizen X&quot; may well be one of the best movies made about how the authorities track down a serial killer. For a fine viewing experience, give this one a watch soon.
B0001HAHXW|4.0|There are two ways of viewing blues music. One is as a historical representation, the other as a vibrant evolving current music style. Neither is right or wrong they are just different. Me and Mr Johnson is a historical representation album. Clapton was trying to be as faithful as possible to the original. That is both it's strength and weakness. I'm not sure you can completely do justice to historical blues with modern recording techniques and musicians. There is an edge, a roughness that can't quite be duplicated, nor would we stand for less then perfectly in tune instruments. Clapton, like all other great blues musicians, is at his best when making a song his, as opposed to trying to be historically faithful. This is where the album falls short as Eric figuratively ties his hands behind his back by being historically faithful. That he was able to produce as good of an album as he did is a testament to his enormous talent. I would love to hear him do some Johnson material and make it his own, without concern for historical correctness. This would be, in my opinion, Clapton at his best.
B00003CXCT|4.0|As many other Star Wars fans, I'm very excited about this release.  I don't mind most of the enhancements in the Special Editions of Star Wars, save one:  Greedo shooting first.<br />Unlike the other tweaks, it actually changes one of the characters.  Lucas claims it makes Han less of a bad guy, and I agree.  Because of that, it weakens his eventual redemption at the end of the film!<br />Also, it's ridiculous.  Greedo is sitting across the table from Han, pointing the gun in his face and pulls the trigger and misses when Han doesn't even move?  <br />I can believe (while watching a movie) that there is sound in space, that hyperspace works, that light sabers fire a beam out only a specific length, and that there is a quasi-mystical Force surrounding all living things that some people can control to do amazing things.  I cannot believe that a bounty hunter that has you covered with a gun from two feet away can fire and miss your unmoving head.<br />If Greedo shoots first, I won't be buying this edition in protest, and that's a shame.  If Greedo doesn't shoot first, my review is 5 stars, not 4.
B000002JNN|3.0|Although AC/DC's popularity had decreased by the early '90s, the band still had a lot of life left in it. Arguably the Australian headbangers' strongest album in over half a decade, The Razor's Edge is quintessential AC/DC -- rowdy, abrasive, unapologetically fun metal full of blistering power chords, memorable hooks, and testosterone-driven lyrics. Lead singer Brian Johnson sounds more inspired than he had since 1983's Flick of the Switch, and lead guitarist Angus Young isn't about to take any prisoners on such hard-hitting material as &quot;Shot of Love,&quot; the menacing title song, and the appropriately titled &quot;Got You By the Balls.&quot; Although not quite in a class with Back in Black, Highway to Hell, or Let There Be Rock -- all of which would, for novices, serve as fine introductions to the distinctive band -- The Razor's Edge was a welcome addition to AC/DC's catalog.
6305327041|2.0|Only the most die-hard Tim Roth fans will want to sit through this whole movie.  Too bad the last two segments (I think they're the last two, anyway) are the only ones even remotely worth watching; that means you have to sit through the first two to get to them.  Thank God for fast-forward!<BR>The one with Madonna in it is about witches, and the only thing you can say about it is that it makes witches look like the most boring possible subject matter in the universe.  Plus it stars Madonna.  'Nuff said.<BR>Then there's one about a wife and her husband, with one of them tied to a chair or something.  This one was so bad, I can't even remember anything else about it.  And I only watched it three days ago!  What does that tell you?<BR>Thankfully, just when you're begging for someone to shut it off, along comes the third segment, a hilarious little film about two naughty children and the bellhop (Roth, who appears in each segment) who is bribed to keep an eye on them.  When the source of the mysterious odor in the room is discovered, Roth's reaction almost justifies the whole movie's existence.  I was still laughing hours later.<BR>The last segment, by spoiled Hollywood wonderchild Quentin Tarantino, is okay.  It has his trademark crackling dialogue (of course), and Q.T. has some fun with his own image.  But too bad the entire segment itself is just one long, sick, unfunny joke.<BR>Making this movie was not a very good idea, and the results were predictably foul.  Even the always-enjoyable Roth seems out of place and you kind of feel sorry for him.  But at least the &quot;Misbehavers&quot; segment, all by itself, redeems the experience.  Almost.
B000089RV6|5.0|Bon Scott's alcohol-related death in early 1980 couldn't have come at a worse time for AC/DC; the band was poised for worldwide breakthrough success, as their last album, Highway to Hell, was Angus and company's first gold-certified stateside release. They made an excellent choice in selecting Brian Johnson as their new vocalist; while he had the same bluesy edge as Scott, Johnson sang with more power and conviction. The first album from the new group, Back in Black, was issued only five months after Scott's passing but immediately rocketed up the charts, eventually becoming one of rock's all-time classics. By 1997, it had sold an astounding 16 million copies in the U.S. alone. Musically, the band hadn't changed much, although producer &quot;Mutt&quot; Lange helped the group focus their high voltage rock. The result was such perennial rock anthems as the stomping title track, the eerie &quot;Hell's Bells,&quot; the melodic &quot;Shoot to Thrill,&quot; the album-closing battle cry &quot;Rock and Roll Ain't Noise Pollution,&quot; and one of AC/DC's best and most recognizable tracks, &quot;You Shook Me All Night Long.&quot; Not a single weak track is included, even the lesser-known album tracks are strong (&quot;Have a Drink on Me,&quot; &quot;Shake a Leg,&quot;). Back in Black is the ultimate example of a band turning a career-threatening negative into a remarkable positive and stands alongside such landmark albums as Van Halen, Led Zeppelin II, Are You Experienced?, and Paranoid as hard rock's greatest achievements. Rock music rarely gets better than Back in Black.
B00000JLWW|5.0|Seriously,i think this is one of the most perfect movie i've ever watched.&quot;Perfect&quot;,in a way that the story plts fit in,characters were brought to life...and with a stellar cast.<br />I'm pretty sure that almost everybody'd have probably know the story of Titanic...and the wonderful news of how it was nominated for some 11 Oscars.A wonderful movie...the DVD,however,was not really up to mark.Yes,there is the theatrical trailers...but i yearned for the behind-the-scenes features.<br />Leonardo DiCaprio portrayed himself really well in his role as Jack Dawson,an aspiring artist who falls for the rich and astoundingly beautiful Rose DeWitt Bukater,played by Kate Winslet.Two young stars,with Leo already featured in Romeo+Juliet,The Man in the Iron Mask...and the already nominated Kate for her role as the young Marianne in Sense and Sensibility,this is a wonderful and the mother of all Titanic films.The story goes on as Rose falls for the gregarious Jack,who also shared her appreciation for art...but has to falls from the preying hands of her fiance (Billy Zane)as well as her mother.A provoking tale was the poignant scene where viewers will be able to identify with when Jack freeze to death,as well as the unforgettable line from the movie &quot;You jump,I jump&quot;.<br />Titanic,with a stellar cast,wonderful background and the nice yet melancholy movie...from the director of true lies and the terminator,truly deserves to be one of the greatest movie of all times.
B00009MGR6|2.0|AC/DC remained a popular concert draw throughout the '80s, although such albums as Flick of the Switch and Fly on the Wall failed to replicate their mass U.S. commercial success of 1980-1981 (Back in Black, For Those About to Rock, a reissue of Dirty Deeds). But the successful soundtrack for Stephen King's lackluster movie Maximum Overdrive, titled Who Made Who, put AC/DC back on the right track commercially. Their first new studio album of all-new material in three years, 1988's Blow Up Your Video turned out to be their most successful album since 1981's For Those About To Rock, even though it was chock full of filler. The driving album opener, &quot;Heatseeker,&quot; turned out to be a surprising Top Ten single in the U.K., while the anthemic &quot;That's the Way I Want to Rock n' Roll&quot; proved to be another highlight (video clips were filmed for both songs, as well). But from there on (with the exception of &quot;Kissin' Dynamite&quot; and &quot;This Means War&quot;), it gets pretty unfocused. The album is glutted with such throwaways as &quot;Nick of Time,&quot; &quot;Ruff Stuff,&quot; and &quot;Two's Up&quot; -- completely missing the point of what made such previous albums as Back in Black so great (they simply did not contain a weak moment). Blow Up Your Video also marked the return of AC/DC's early production team, Harry Vanda and George Young, who man the boards for the first time since 1978's If You Want Blood.
B00003CXCT|5.0|The whining and complaining about the special editions needs to stop. In my opinion, George Lucas is a genious. Let me explain why.<br />I was not born a part of the Star Wars generation. I didn't have the oppurtunity to see any of the movies in the movie theatre. My dad of course made me watch the Star Wars VHS when I was younger, but when you're 5, 7, 8 years old, you don't understand what is going on in those movies. A couple of years later, the special editions were released. George Lucas brought his story to a new generation who had not been exposed to Star Wars, and he updated it for a generation who otherwise would have considered the graphics outdated and would not have seen the value of the movies. I mean, I have seen the originals on VHS and the special editions aren't major improvements, but it is fresh, and unless you were a diehard Star Wars fan who couldn't get passed the couple of added scenes and brushed up shots, you were mesmerized again. <br />And for those arguing that he has harmed the films for the future, I believe you're wrong. He didn't change it so much that you could not see that this was a film made in the 1970's that was way ahead of it's time. People know Star Wars' impact, and they will know in the future its impact, a couple of added and touched up scenes will not change that. <br />One more thing: Star Wars diehards of course loathe the new episodes, and they say that George Lucas has lot his touch. Again, I don't believe this either. Of course, the new episodes are not the originals, but I never expected them to be. But George Lucas took the same 70's and 80's cheesy film style, with the cheesy melodramatic acting and cheesy unrealistic heroism and blended it with new breakthroughs in technology. But you complain. Why? It isn't what we expected. We wanted today's style of acting. Realistic, straightforward, no cliches. We wanted dark heroism, a deeper plot, gray vs. gray. But Star Wars is not and never was any of those things. It was simple. Black and white. Good versus evil. I mean, it had many levels, but they were horizontal levels, you didn't have to dig. But movies have changed. Rarely is there good vs. evil anymore. Characters are flawed. The only good movies are ones with deeper, darker undertones. But these new episodes bring us back to the day when most movies were surface level, Star Wars being the best of all. So sit back and try to enjoy the new movies. I do. They give me a faint glimpse of what used to be \\"the magic of the movies\\".
B00008BXJJ|2.0|Live albums used to mean something. Back when music was music, and video was video, and neither was a half-assed companion of the other, live albums represented a rare glimpse into a special moment in time; and at their best, they boasted highly original performances that added something new to the original studio tracks. But in the post-MTV era of visual overkill, the live album is more often than not (ab)used as a quick means of fulfilling contractual obligations, or padding the record label's fourth-quarter budget. Though hardly an overnight revolution, this sad trend was certainly brought home to many by the unimaginatively entitled Live, a disjointed double-disc set from the world's biggest little rock &amp; roll band AC/DC. After delivering one of the format's undisputed classics with 1978's If You Want Blood, You've Got It, the Australian titans' second concert recording barely raised a pulse. &quot;Bonny,&quot; the only unfamiliar track, turns out to be little more than a one-minute solo based on the traditional sea chantey, and even the &quot;improvised&quot; Angus Young solo that introduces &quot;Jailbreak&quot; is an obvious cut and paste job. At least the album serves as an impressive highlight reel for the band's hit-and-miss '80s output (1980's Back in Black and 1990's The Razor's Edge providing the bulk of the material) while making room for the Bon Scott-era essentials. By and large, AC/DC on a bad night are still usually better than most bands on a good one, but Live feels more like a greatest-hits album with crowd noise than a true live album. Still, a better buy than the edited, single-disc version.
B0000AI45P|3.0|I am a huge Richard Lloyd fan and I've followed him from band to band including his own.  I've had just the Television Television album for ions (vinyl before cd and the cd) and it's good (I give it 3.9 out of 5).  Giving (the souped up) Marquee Moon 3 out of 5 feels generous on my few listens so far which includes a couple headphone listens.  For me, Tom Verlaine's singing is always repetitous sounding, somewhat lacking in range, and somewhat shrill although I like it in lesser doses; this is a shame because the music is sufficiently complicated to have been better. This album could use more bass depth to counter its tinny sound, less singing and probably shorter tracks.  Television is not punk, sorry, lose that argument.  Right now I think the best part is the extra tracks and alternate versions.  Lose the duplicate original tracks and a couple others and this cd gets bumped to 4 out of 5.  Like most old Velvet Underground, this ancient CD is interesting but over-hyped. Maybe you'll appreciate it more with lower expectations than the gazillion 5 star reviews and similar wild raves in the liner notes.
B00004LN16|2.0|Stiff Upper Lip, AC/DC's 15th studio album, may not reach the heights of Back in Black or Highway to Hell, but it delivers strongly and satisfyingly. It's the record that the highly-touted, Rick Rubin-produced Ballbreaker should have been: a simple, addictive, hard album, bursting with bold riffs and bolstered by a crunching, thrillingly visceral sound. Sure, there are absolutely no new ideas, but that's the point. AC/DC knows their strengths and they embrace them. And why shouldn't they? Nobody writes a better riff than the Young brothers; each song has a riff so catchy, it feels like you've heard it for years. Is there anything earth-shaking? Hardly, but it's largely terrific nonetheless, just because AC/DC are so good at what they do. It's simple music, to be sure, but it's unassumingly musical and, in a way rather smart. If making music like this was really that easy, why can't anybody else do it this well? Some bands are capable of knocking out one record like this -- one, maybe two. AC/DC does it nearly every time out. They've never really stretched, yet that's why they have one of the most reliable catalogs in rock &amp; roll. When you put on one of their records, you know what you're in for, and they always deliver. With Stiff Upper Lip, they're not at classic status, but they're still top-notch. This may not be the first AC/DC record for a collection, but once you're into their scene, it's a fine place to be.
B00006LWSF|4.0|This cd is a must for big Eminem fans, it has some of his big hits like 8 mile, rabbit run, and lose yourself. Plus other great songs from D12, (eminem is a member of D12) 50 cent and,   Jay-z. The only thing i don't like is Macy Gray her 2 tracks their ok, but don't really go with the cd. Over all this cd is great and I'm go glad i got it. If u wanna im me my screen name is POPCORNPIG10593 we could talk about music. My  E-mail POPCORNPIG10593@aol.com c ya lata!!!!!
B00008WT5J|3.0|On paper, Who Made Who is just a cheap soundtrack to a cheap movie (Stephen King's disastrous Maximum Overdrive), but it's actually much more than that. It serves as a ripping AC/DC retrospective, tearing through such classics as &quot;You Shook Me All Night Long&quot; and &quot;For Those About to Rock,&quot; adding the pounding title track to the band's canon, and rescuing overlooked songs like &quot;Sink the Pink&quot; from otherwise mediocre albums. It's not a perfect retrospective -- there's no &quot;Back in Black,&quot; &quot;Highway to Hell,&quot; or &quot;Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap&quot; -- but what is here is terrific.
B00006F2WY|3.0|One of the more frustrating things about &quot;remasters&quot; is that sometimes they are &quot;re-edits&quot;.  While this release gives us one more track in the pre-concerto performance (&quot;Hush&quot;), as well as the previously unreleased encore, the editors of this CD have cut more than 2 minutes from the third movement of the concerto!!<br />While this cut was mainly from the lengthy drum solo, there was certainly enough room on the disc for the full version.<br />The now out of print import CD has the complete version and sounds equally as good as the remaster.<br />This &quot;remaster&quot; smacks of revisionist history.  For shame!
B00008BXJ6|5.0|AC/DC's debut album, High Voltage, is a stripped-down collection of loud, raw, rude rockers, mostly odes to rock & roll and its attendant hard-partying lifestyle -- to paraphrase the leadoff track, \\"It's a Long Way to the Top (If You Wanna Rock 'n' Roll),\\" getting drunk, stoned, beat up, and laid. The band reveled in its own macho obnoxiousness, particularly Bon Scott; at the end of the gleefully sexist, double-entendre-filled \\"The Jack,\\" Scott grandiosely thanks a hostile, booing dubbed-in crowd. While their sense of humor and clever wordplay made early AC/DC a great deal of sleazy, infectious fun, the band's revolutionary musical attack could not be overlooked -- Angus Young's manic guitar solos overlaid a series of simple, basic boogie grooves delivered with ferocious power and volume, a sound that made the band a popular attraction at British punk clubs around this same time. The formula would be refined on subsequent albums, but High Voltage proves that AC/DC were already in the big leagues.
B000002NHN|5.0|I had heard about Loreena McKennitt, but had not heard her music, so when I saw this CD in a resale store, I bought it. I was amazed at the music. I can't hear this CD enough! Ms. McKennitt's voice is incredible, and her music is very richly layered, but not &quot;muddy&quot; sounding. I think &quot;Serenissima&quot; is too long, though, but that's just my personal taste. Hearing &quot;Dante's Prayer&quot; is almost a spritual experience. I never tire of hearing &quot;The Highwayman&quot;. I remember the poem from school, but it really is vivid put to music. I recommend this CD to nearly everyone I know, and I've loaned it out a couple of times, but for only short periods of time so I don't go into LM withdrawl. A friend of mine is a belly-dancer, and I think she'd be able to use most of this CD to dance to. Wow, what music!
B00008WT5C|4.0|Let There Be Rock kicks up the energy level a notch from its predecessor, making for a bracing hard rock record of blasting guitar and basic, aggressive grooves. While slightly more metallic, AC/DC's sound was still bluesier than it would be by the time of the band's commercial breakthrough. Appealing in spite of himself, Bon Scott delivers his leering double entendres and humorous asides with typical panache, while the Young brothers' guitars bite, kick, and scratch behind him. While the music still meanders on occasion, the songwriting is overall a bit more memorable; AC/DC classics on hand include &quot;Problem Child,&quot; &quot;Whole Lotta Rosie,&quot; and &quot;Bad Boy Boogie.&quot;
B0000DJZ8R|4.0|I read The Grapes of Wrath, and I loved the book. The book was so decriptive and was able to emotionally involve the reader in the story.  The movie, however, was not as good.  The book is so long, and the movie squeezed it into an hour and a half film.  They left out important parts in the story and changed the sequence of events.  The only reason I give this movie four stars because it's a &quot;classic&quot; and I really liked the story.
B00008WT5E|3.0|AC/DC's third U.S. release, 1978's Powerage, followed the blueprint set by 1977's Let There Be Rock -- tales of the hard life merged with lethal, cranked-to-ten, unpolished hard rock. It also marked the studio debut of bassist Cliff Williams (who replaced Mark Evans), which would unfortunately prove not to be the last time a member of the band would be replaced -- due to either choice, or in Bon Scott's case, death. Although Powerage contains only one true AC/DC classic, the gloriously sleazy anthem &quot;Sin City,&quot; the album's lesser-known material is often just as exhilarating. Both &quot;Rock n' Roll Damnation&quot; and &quot;Riff Raff&quot; would be featured in concert on the ensuing tour, while &quot;Down Payment Blues,&quot; &quot;Gimme a Bullet,&quot; and especially &quot;What's Next to the Moon&quot; remain among AC/DC's most underrated rockers. The album's last few songs are obviously filler, but it doesn't prevent Powerage from being an early AC/DC classic. Powerage would also prove to be the last album produced by Vanda and Young for nearly ten years; the band's next few mega-hit releases featured newcomer Robert John &quot;Mutt&quot; Lange behind the boards.
B0000AQVCL|5.0|Jet is a light of hope for new rock music. i now have faith that there are more bands that i will actually want my kids to listen to! Jet is an awesome, real rock band...
B0001L3LUE|4.0|I first saw this in a theater in Newton, Massachusetts, reflexive liberal central.  I think there were a few expletives mumbled at the screen as McNamara first appeared.  But the overall experience ended up rating very high on the unintentional comedy register as an audience that entered expecting to get to express their hatred for McNamara ended up walking out with stunned expressions, amazed to find nothing all that unlikeable about the man.  Did the man participate in WWII and Viet Nam bombing campaigns?  Yes.  But he fully acknowledges the moral complexities of those efforts.  <br />Asking for a simple maxim to sum up this film is silly.  Life is more complex than that.  The bombing campaign that caused tremendous devastation in Japan was emasculating the warmaking power of a dictatorship.  Even the folks in Newton, Mass. seemed to concede that that was also a legitimate interest.<br />My only gripes were that the single biggest mistake underlying U.S. policy, the assumption that the vietnamese were aligned with the chinese, was fairly much glossed over.  McNamara mentions that a VC leader told him he was crazy for thinking this, decades after the fact but nothing more is made of it.  <br />But there wasn't a single word asking McNamara about the accusation in Sorley's book &quot;A Better War&quot; that made the argument that the way that McNamara and Westmoreland fought the war was stupid.  Sorley argues that the tactic of search and destroy sweeps through the jungle was foolish and that a policy of territorial control, adopted after Abrams took over for Westmoreland worked better.
B000024C7W|5.0|After Stevie's incredible 1972-76   multi-platinum / multi-grammy creative streak  which clearly cemented his place in history as  an unparalleled musical genius & icon, this  album was awaited by the world populus of the  time (1979) with baited breathe!  Upon it's release, the first single,   \\"Send One Your Love\\" was pretty well recieved  but the world wasn't ready for the rest of this  truly visionary & waaaaay ahead of it's time album  back then & the critics ripped it to shreds!    But some 26 years later, alot of people realize  what Stevie did waaay back then...this is a masterpiece!  Sure, not as readily accessible to some as   \\"Talking Book\\", \\"Innervisions\\", \\"Fulfillingness\\"  or \\"Songs In The Key Of Life\\" was, but just as much  as a realized vision as those landmark albums were!  The music was so futuristic, so ethereal...just beyond!!  And then, about 10 yrs after this release came Enya,  Andreas Vollensweider, Brian Eno, etc. and it was  coined as \\"New Age\\"!!---Bottomline, this album is  a seminal work and an essential to any Stevie Wonder  collection...BAR NONE!!    **Highlights**    \\"Same Old Story\\", \\"Seasons/Power Flower\\", \\"Send One Your Love\\"   (Vocal & Slowed Down Instrumental), \\"Outside My Window\\",   \\"Black Orchid\\", \\"Come Back As A Flower\\" and   \\"Secret Life Of Plants\\"..these still hold up, but like  I said, the whole double album was and is a masterpiece!
6305252521|5.0|The Truman Show is a great movie.  It's my personal favorite.  everyone at glendora high can go to hell
0783225849|5.0|Psycho, in my opinion, is the best horror movie ever to be made! This movie is perfect. There isn't a single mistake. Anthony Perkins is excellent as the &quot;mama's boy,&quot; Norman Bates and Janet Leigh is superb as the ill-fated Marion Crane who meets her unfortunate end in the famous shower scene. To accompany the the wonderful cast is the amazing score performed only by strings. As we are reminded in the &quot;Shower Scene&quot; feature on the DVD, this movie wouldn't be near as good without the music. Even though this is a horror film, there are many little humorous moments as well. The special features on this DVD are excellent! The &quot;Making Of&quot; feature is as interesting to watch as the movie itself. The theatrical trailer is rather humorous. I highly suggest that you buy this DVD if you haven't already.
B0001ZX0PG|5.0|Loved this movie. Sean Penn's performance stunned me. I've never seen a performance like it. Amazing stuff. The cast is excellent, the direction tight and sure, and the story emotionally engaging. It's not without a few uneven bits (the subplot with Sean's wife didn't flow, and the flashbacks were perhaps superfluous), but I predict it will be remembered as a great masterpiece of our time. Yeah, I know that sounds pompous. Still, I believe it.<br />Several reviewers have commented the ending didn't fit, seemed flat, or implausible. I was puzzled the first time I saw it, too, actually. Then I read the book (also excellent, very similar to the movie, but an fantastic read in its own right), and I understood all the complex dynamics occurring just below the surface of normalcy. Then when I reviewed those scenes, they, too, blew me away. Sure, you shouldn't *have* to read the book to grasp all of it, but plenty of people didn't, and I found it helpful.<br />The only people I know who didn't like this movie aren't people who are very comfortable exploring the darker side of life in general. If you're among those, you could probably just skip this movie and go watch something fluffy. Lighthearted, this ain't.
B00005JMEW|5.0|This film is great. It's a mammoth load of killing with a touch of class to it. Go buy KILL BILL now people, HURRY! GO!
B00005JMJ4|5.0|That's subtle, not subtitled. It enrages me to think that this wonderfully acted, tender and honest movie about an emotionally spent, aging action hero and a emotionally floundering young woman visiting Japan only gets 3 stars on this site.<br />We Americans are so spoiled. We want everything spelled out for us, delivered in multi-million dollar packaging with at least one steamy sex scene, a few explosions or CGI characters(better yet, exploding CGI characters), and a twist ending that makes us doubt everything that's come before.<br />If that's what you expect in a movie--ALL you expect, you won't like Lost in Translation. Why? Because the beauty and subtleties and complex, ambiguous relationships will go right by you. You'll never understand what you're missing.<br />I could explain it to you, but it'd lose something in the translation.
B0001NBMBC|5.0|Some bands claim to be \\"maturing\\" or \\"discovering their true sound\\", and that typically means they are lightening up for more radio play.  Many will claim that Slipknot is pulling the same trick; but I assure you that they truly have matured with their latest release, \\"Vol. 3 (The Subliminal Verses)\\".  The self-titled release was raw, energetic, full of talent.  It wasn't the most original album ever made; but great nonetheless.  Iowa was a mess of too-similar songs with a few great ones.  With Vol. 3, the band has finally added some diversity to the music.  Some of the songs off this album are harder than anything they've done before...and others are the lightest and most melodic they've ever done! <br /> <br />I would guess that for Iowa, they thought adding a few layers of muddy noise made the music heavier.  Does anyone agree that Iowa was too fuzzy, busy, or noisy (for lack of better words)?  The production was flat-out bad.  Problem solved on Vol. 3!  All the guitars, drums, vocals, bass, and occassional samples sound clear and well defined.  Great production this time around. <br /> <br />The guitar work really shines here.  The riffs are more interesting, they sound more technical than before.  Plus they treat us with some SOLOS...FINALLY!!!  Joey is a fantastic drummer, every album showcases his immense talent and this one is no different.  Now for the vocals...they are incredible.  Corey can fuse melody with brutality so darned skillfully!  In my opinion, the vocal style used here is better than the psychotic screaming found on Iowa. <br /> <br />My favorite songs include Three Nil, Pulse of the Maggots, Circle, Opium of the People, and The Nameless.  Speaking of The Nameless, that's gotta be one of the coolest songs I have ever heard!  The music alternates between crazy-chaotic Slipknot and acoustic passages, kind of similar to Opeth.  It's not seamless like Opeth, it's very instantaneous, but it works quite well.  After making a couple of said changes, the song ends with a fusion of the two styles...brilliant! <br /> <br />The Subliminal Verses gets my vote for best album of the year so far. <br /> <br />BTW:  Don't listen to Alternative Press magazine, which gave the album one out of five stars.  They WRONG!
1592400876|5.0|Yes, the title is deliberately punctuated wrong, that is the whole point of the book! <br />I found this book to be very entertaining and very necessary in this time of Internet skewering of the language. This stuff may have been covered in Grade 8 and 9 but it is obvious that a lot of people have forgotten it. Any book that can repair the damage done to the English language is welcomed by me.
B000002KHH|5.0|You can debate and debate and debate but if you ask what is the best metal album of all time, it is hands down Paranoid.Why?Well because this was my first metal album that I ever bought and it was great.It first got me interested in even heavier stuff like Slayer and Pantera.Theres people that argue whether Master Of Puppets is better than Reign In Blood or not but let me tell you Paranoid is even cooler than both of them.They were both great albums but noone has a cooler guitar tone than Tony Iommi.He invented heavy metal guitar.Sure Jimmy Page could play fast and loud but he could play nowhere near as dark and heavy as Tony could.And the vocals.Man they are awesome&gt;Ozzy Osbourne gives the best performance of his life on this album.I cant even decide which song is the best because they are all great but Iron Man was the first song Ive ever heard by them so that remains my favorite.War Pigs is a very good intro to the album with some of the best guitar work ever commited to tape.Paranoid is  a groovy rocker sort of an ode to depression and also sort of a break up song(you know the part where he sings finished with my woman cause she couldnt help me with my mind).Planet Caravan is one of my favorites too cause its about outer space and thats one of the topics Im very interested about.Electric Funeral and Hand Of Doom are also about 2 things Im sort of obsessed with the end of the world(Electric Funeral and heroin addictions(Hand Of Doom).Rat Salad is a cool instrumental sort of a Led Zeppelin tribute.Fairies Wear Boots is a great closer with an awesome guitar solo at the end.Its about hallucionations from drugs.All in all this is a great introduction to anyone interested in hard rock.Buy this now.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|I really enjoy watching this film, but I can't put my finger on why. I watched it twice in the theater and four times since I bought the dvd last month.I really like the feel of it, the pacing. Nothing earth shattering really happens, but I love watching this movie.Scarlett Johannsen's beauty is no doubt one factor. The film has a quiet soothing feel to it too.It's like sitting in a nice warm bath.Somehow I don't find it boring.I find it really interesting,and I don't know why, exactly.I just like it.I'm finding it addictive too.
B000063DIR|1.0|Im extremely ticked off at Ozzy and Sharon.If they gave half a damn about their fans they would rerelease these albums in their original glory with the original musicians.This is the worst thing ever to happen to music.Ever.This is worse than Milli Vanilli.Doesnt Ozzy Osbourne have a conscience anymore?Is he on drugs again?That would explain this cruel treatment.I used to have this on vinyl and it was great but it got scratched.I demand that Ozzy will come to his senses and rerelease this with the original musicians.This is awful.
0618154051|5.0|The details of the story... how well each story complements each other (for example Tuor and Turin's stories)... I'm out of words... there are few words I know that could expressed how this book mesmerized me!  A definite MUST for any Tolkien fan.
B000006TRV|4.0|This is also one of the best double albums ever recorded.Yeah I think its a little overrated seeing as not every song is great but still the keepers on here outweigh the fillers.I think that the main concept is about power and rebellion against power like in Another Brick In The Wall.Comfortably Numb is one of the most beautiful songs Ive ever heard and the guitar tones on Goodby Blue Sky are very impressive.The whole thing is pretty damn good with just a couple mediocre tunes but hey they had to be included to make this complete.
B0001GF2DS|5.0|I wasn't a big fan of Leone's &quot;Once Upon a Time in the West,&quot; so I took a gamble and bought this new extended cut of &quot;GB&amp;U&quot; for a low price. I am truly glad I did! I saw this film once before about 8 years ago and I didn't remember it being that great. I can now say that this is not only my favorite Leone western, but my favorite western period. The acting of the three leads, the music (of course), and the storyline are some of the best ever in this genre of movies. The Dvd is loaded with interesting features, with Clint Eastwood and Eli (the ugly) talking about the fun times and near death experiences when making this classic film. This movie is a real testament to the west and the seal of greatness that will forever live on with the name Sergio Leone.
B000002U8G|2.0|Man oh man I just know some die hard Floyd fans are gonna be mad at me but hey Im entitled to my own opinion too.I myself absolutely love Dark Side Of The Moon,Wish You Were Here and most of The Wall but this cd puts me to sleep everytime.I could have 6 bottles of Jolt cola and still be bored with this album.Nothing stands out its just one big yawn after another.If you have any real taste in music avoid this.
B00000099Y|5.0|Let me put my love for this amazing album in just one short sentence: I could listen to this for the rest of my life and never bore of it. <BR>Maynard Keenan's vocals are unmatchable. Danny Carey's drumming skill and talent could be matched with John Bonham. Adam Jones and Justin Chancellor are amazing on the guitars. The talent of all the members of the band is put together to create one of (if not the) best albums created. The lyrics are deep and could keep you thinking for years about life, the universe and, well, everything. The length of the songs are not unfitting for the amount of (please excuse my cheesiness) greatness that has been put into them. In fact, it only shows even more how masterful Tool is in the creation of music to keep listeners incredibly interested in and entertained by songs that reach up to 14 minutes. Those who do not have appreciation for this album must have been wearing very effective earplugs while listening to it to have negative feelings about it. Even if you don't like the fact that this album is [commonly referred to as] metal, the lyrics will have an everlasting effect on you.<BR>This album was the best thing that I have ever bought with any amount of money. And I mean that.
B00006F7S4|4.0|Thats all I can say.At first listen you probably wont like it but when youre sad and lonely and want to cry or just want to know someone is as bummed as you are this is the album to listen to you even though the last 2 songs actually sound pretty cheery.
B0000C9ZLD|4.0|The Strokes.....well saying their name i shouldn't have to say anymore! Unfortunately being my stupid self i ended up getting room on fire before is this it and really is this it is better. It was original and funky! Room on Fire is a good follow up album but doesnt reach the standards of Is This It! If you enoy sort of alternative rock/punk(a bit)/indie you will seriosuly love this!<BR>I got this album last december and didn't actually realise i liked it until about march.....it will grow on you but it may take a while but it will happen! People should really stop putting the strokes down i think they do wot they do well!!<BR>I recommend you listen to the following songs on this album:<BR>1.Whatever Happened?<BR>2.Reptilia (best song of all time)<BR>4.12.51 (i love nick's little riffs in this....he's soo cute!)<BR>6.Between Love&amp;Hate<BR>7.Meet Me in The Bathroom (very VERY catchy)<BR>8.Under Control (julian's voice in this makes me melt!!!!)<BR>9.The Way It IS<BR>11.I Can't Win<BR>Very gd album indeed.....i thank the strokes for this....i love u guys!!!! Leah xxx BUY IT!
B00006F7S4|2.0|God I really liked all of Becks other albums but this was awful.And boring.Depressing too. The last 2 songs are actually real good but most of it is just crap.Hes gotta do better than this.Next album please.
B0001UL7RY|5.0|I got the album the day it came out and i didn't stop listening to it, even now it's all I listen to. I couldnt get over how well written the songs were! It was just as good if not better than Let Go. Every song had a different thought or goal that she was trying to share with listeners, I Loved It!
6305633177|4.0|Thats how much I miss the old Metallica.If you love bass guitar then you must own this or else youre missing out on something great and even if youre not that interested in the bass guitar you will be after watching this.From his dramatic appearance to his virtuosic bass playing Cliff Burton was all about his own sense of style.Ive never heard anybody play the bass quite that good.Hell most guitarists these days dont pour half the heart and soul into their lead guitar playing than Cliff did with his bass playing.You must own this.Now.
0780628551|4.0|I watched this movie when it was on TV one night. This was when I hadn't even heard the bad reviews. After it was done I just sat there. Ususally, I can tell I really like a movie by the way it sticks with me. Throughout the whole week, I couldn't stop thinking about it and I knew I had to get it.The acting was fantastic. Sure the plot was well..stupid. But I can't really take any movie with aliens seriously. The reason it only recieved 4 stars was because the ending was awful. I really hate it when a great movie is ruined by the ending. But, what are you going to do? If you are a Johnny Depp fan then you will enjoy this movie. Like I said, the acting was great, the mood was suspenseful and it really stuck with me. That ending is just an unfortunate circumstance.
B000002H6C|5.0|I must say I agree that this is better than South Of Heaven but not as good as Reign In Blood or Metallica's own Master Of Puppets.Its not as good as Ride The Lightning either.Its still pretty awsome though.
B0000TLA9G|3.0|i'm a big fan of gn'r but this album just didn't have all of the good songs on it like &quot;14 years&quot;, which is a very good song. but other than the missing songs, it's pretty good.
B0000A98ZP|4.0|Ive watched this so many times Ive lost count.The 2 people I can relate to the most are John(Judd Nelson) and Allison(Ally Sheedy).While I related most to John in high school because I was angry at the more socially accepted crowd and sort of dressed grungy too, I relate more to Allison now that Im an adult and in college(21 that would be I know Im still kind of a kid to some of you).I think its because Im autistic so I feel kind of like the quiet outcast to some people and yeah some people do just think Im sort of weird I can also relate to Allison more at the end of the movie.I think its cause Ive felt for a while that nobody liked me but when I started talking and some people started to help me break out of my shell a little bit I felt pretty damn good.I can also relate to Brian a little bit cause of all the stress that homework and grades can give you.I cant really relate to Claire and Andy all that well but those characters show me that they arent as superficial as they appear.They have problems and feelings too.I think this movie helped me out a lot and I dont know what its like for most people who watch it but to me its kind of like an emotional rollercoaster.Parts of it still make me cry no matter how much I see it.Its that good.
B000002UAX|5.0|This is my favorite double album. Even though this was created when the band was starting to fracture and break apart, the resulting sound is great, not one song is similar to the other, making this a sprawling epic album. One of the songs on this album was said to have an influence on Ted Bundy, &quot;Helter Skelter&quot;, also one of the heaviest songs Beatles have ever done, and this could very well be the first grunge song ever. &quot;Dear Prudence&quot; is a haunting, moody song, featuring interesting drumming by Ringo. &quot;While My Guitar Gently Weeps&quot; has to be one of the greatest songs The Beatles ever released, and this proves how George Harrison should have gotten much more coverage, and should have been aloud more songs per record. And also, the weirdest piece of music ever recorded, &quot;Revolution 9&quot; listen to this and try telling me what kind of song it is. This album is a classic because of it's extreme diversity. And this album is the first to ever prove the point that band disputes and conflicts can lead to some of the best music the band will ever release, other cds that follow suit are, U2 &quot;Achtung Baby!&quot;, Smashing Pumpkins &quot;Siamese Dream, and Oasis &quot;What's The Story Morning Glory&quot;.
B000002I97|4.0|&quot;Illegal Smile&quot; 5/5<BR>&quot;Spanish Pipedream&quot; 3/5<BR>&quot;Hello In There&quot; 5/5<BR>&quot;Sam Stone&quot; 5/5<BR>&quot;Paradise&quot; 4/5<BR>&quot;Pretty Good&quot; 4/5<BR>&quot;Your Flag Decal Won't Get You Into Heaven Anymore&quot; 4/5<BR>&quot;Far From Me&quot; 3/5<BR>&quot;Angel From Montgomery&quot; 4/5<BR>&quot;Quiet Man&quot; 4/5<BR>&quot;Donald And Lydia&quot; 5/5<BR>&quot;Six O'Clock News&quot; 4/5<BR>&quot;Flashback Blues&quot; 4/5<br />The amazing self titled debut by the father of Americana, John Prine. Features timeless songs like &quot;Hello In There&quot; and &quot;Sam Stone.&quot; There are no real flaws on this album. <br />Overall rating: Four stars
B000003TA4|1.0|The solo in Come As You Are is just a repeat of the main bass riff. The whole song is just a repeat of that riff. Pink Floyd in their later days were more amazing than their earlier ones; Darkside of the Moon was just their most popular album, and Rolling Stone told you to like it so you followed suit. Darkside is also one of the most overrated albums of all time along with Never Mind. Everyone seems to own it, but why don't they all love it? Personally, The Division Bell is better. The title track is one of the most sweeping, beautiful songs I've ever heard. Maybe try picking that up instead of Never Mind. Or, maybe Never Mind te Bullocks intead of Nirvana's ripp-off of the Pistols.
B00008H2LB|5.0|1.Foreward - n/a - just a very simple intro. I would've preferred something more interesting then this, but it's good.<BR>2.Don't Stay - 4/5 - A heavy track. Also a great starting point for the album. Simple and heavy. Nothing to complicated. Great for repeat listening.<BR>3.Somewhere I Belong- 4/5- I was skeptical of this song when I first heard it before any other meteora songs. The most you listen to this song the more you like it. It might feel pretty bland at first but it just requires you to listen to it more.   <BR>4.Lying From You-4/5- Another Heavy track. Interesting Guitar work. the track feels poppier , p.o.d-esque, but the vocals in the chorus are great. the weakness of this song is in the verses.<BR>5.Hit the Floor-5/5-Heavy and Aggresive but with great ambience. the best way to expierence this song is with a headset. because with a stereo you can only really feel the rock edge. the verses have a great eerieness with good soundsamples. and good rhyme-work.<BR>6.Easier to Run-3/5-Slow-paced LP track. You could say it's Meteora's answer to 'crawling'. Great Chorus. A slow song in a super fast time.<BR>7.Faint-4/5-the most interesting part of this song is defintely the symphony work. Energetic/fast-pased song. Great verses and a great mood for this track. <BR>8.Figure.09-3/5-Every song on the album is good,but there's always one that you don't enjoy as much as the others. and this is that song. Starts with an interesting sound for an intro then moves onto a very simple , almost bland song. awesome bridge though. it's a great song but kinda doesn't match expectations.<BR>9.Breaking the Habit-5/5-There isn't another LP track like this, and it makes it all the better. Probably the best track of the album. Simple lyrics sung in a great way. Great Symphony work on this aswell, but I was hoping they would have mixed the song so that the strings would be a bit louder.I don't really like but the guitar on this track, but It's easy to ignore. great fast beat. I wasexpecting a slow song but its fast and original. Great Climax. Defintely a sign that LP is evolving in song structure. <BR>10.From the inside-5/5-A fairly different atmosphere then previous tracks. great heavyness and guitar work. awesome bridge.It would be great to hear a remixed version of this song live. Something within the lines of 'p5hngmeawy' . Great song.<BR>11.Nobody's Listening-4/5-Interesting ambience in this song. great flute sounds. the beat is rather vague but still works great. awesome chorus work, it creates a whole new mood.<BR>12.Session-5/5-My personal favorite of the album. Awesome sounds and ambience, in quite a short package. great manipulated beat. the piano and everything just really pushes this song great. Hopefully more of the techniques for making this instrumental will be incorporated into making new songs with vocals and such.<BR>13.Numb-4/5-good finishing song. great vocals. not much to be said here.<br />On Meteora it feels like the hiphop side of LP kinda got decreased. the rapping wasn't as interesting as Hybrid Theory. While the sung vocals feel like they went way up. Songs like Lyingfromyou and figure.09 felt like they kinda held the album back, while breaking the habit totally redeemed it. After listening to this album about a thousand times, I'm defintely eager to hear the new material because I think it will probably be their best yet. the packaging for the album deserves credit aswell. awesome booklet with great pictures and artwork. enhanced cd with 'art of meteora' documentary is awesome. if you get the dvd version you get 'the making of meteora' which is great for more die-hard music fans. the packaging and music make this album , no-doubt an awesome follow-up album.
B000003TA4|1.0|This CD wasn't as good as anyone hoped. I am now a curmudgeon like Kurdt due to my disillusionment with Nirvana and Nevermind. Iggy Pop was better. Whomever below keeps commenting that The Darkness are the &quot;next big thing&quot; have been watching &amp; giving in to FUSE too much. Darkness is just as bad as the rest of the lot of new music these days. And to top it off, the singer tries to mimic Freddie Mercury, and fails miserably at it, as he should. It's nearly blasphemy to insult Freddie Mercury, but the lead singer of Darkness managed to do so by ripping off of Freddie's trademark flamboyance and strutting. All music after 1999 is not worth the plastic it was pressed on.
B00005NOOH|1.0|This was a wonderful documentary as originally broadcast, but I'd avoid this product if I had it to do over again:  the maker's quality control is awful.  Disk 1 skipped badly.  And I the same problem others have reported:  two copies of one of the five disks (with me, disk 5), and one disk (disk 4) entirely missing.
B000002UA0|5.0|I will admit that back in 1991, when I first bought this CD -- used -- at the theft-prone &quot;Positively Records&quot; in Fairless Hills, PA I wasn't exactly impressed. I'd just gotten into the Floyd a year or so earlier, with my first tapes (yes, tapes) purchased being The Wall and A Momentary Lapse of Reason, both of which were very listener-friendly.  And so after seeing some guy in my high school wearing a T-shirt with &quot;Pink Floyd: The Piper at the Gates of Dawn&quot; on it, I found the album's title to be so compelling that I went out later that day and bought it.<br />But I was a neophyte Floyd fan -- I didn't even know who Syd Barrett was, so I had no idea what to expect when I gave it my first listen. &quot;Astronomy Domine&quot; sounded Floydian enough, I suppose, with background sound effects and such, but upon advancing to track 2, &quot;Lucifer Sam,&quot; I was a bit dumbfounded.  What *was* this crap?  What kind of lyric is &quot;Black cat something I can't explain&quot; when I'd just gotten so used to phrases that made sense like &quot;We don't need no education&quot; and &quot;The sweet smell of a great sorrow lies over the land&quot;?<br />I skipped to track 3. &quot;Matilda Mother,&quot; which was rather pleasing to listen to, although the last verse just comes up rather abruptly -- was this just bad editing?  I don't know.<br />I ended up skipping through each song, hoping to find some big epic song with a grand orchestral entrance or something, but the childlike nature of the song just didn't sit well with me at the time.  This was &quot;Pink Floyd&quot;?  My, how things had changed from 1967 to the time &quot;Momentary Lapse&quot; had come out in 1987!  I did find &quot;Bike&quot; to be absolutely hilarious and therefore was, at the time, the album's saving grace, even though it still didn't sound like the Floyd I knew.<br />But then again, I really knew very little about pop/rock music in general.  My conservative parents really didn't let me listen to anything popular because it was &quot;the devil's music.&quot; (You shoulda seen it when my dad took my tape of the Dead Milkmen's &quot;Metaphysical Graffiti&quot; and smashed it under his foot in the kitchen). So I learned the melodies of pop music through listening to &quot;Weird Al&quot; Yankovic, which my parents seemed to have no problem with.  So it goes without saying that I didn't know anything about British music, especially all that psychedelic stuff from the 1960s, like this &quot;Piper&quot; album.  <br />So after getting tired of listening to &quot;Bike&quot; over and over, I kept this album on the shelf and didn't listen to it again until after I got to see Pink Floyd come and play at Veterans Stadium in 1994.  By that time I'd amassed a fair collection of Floyd albums like &quot;Animals,&quot; &quot;Dark Side,&quot; &quot;Meddle,&quot; as well as the new &quot;Division Bell&quot; album, which I thought was actually pretty decent.  But anyway, so when the show started, what did Floyd open up with?  &quot;Astronomy Domine&quot; of all things!!  I was just floored.  Granted, this was a more up-tempo version of the song, but I suddenly felt completely different about the &quot;Piper&quot; album.  Apparently the Floyd recognized how underrated Syd Barrett's material was, and thus made the ballsy move of opening the show with a song that no fair-weather Floyd fan would recognize.  Go Pink Floyd!!<br />The next day, after school, I dusted off &quot;Piper&quot; and listened to it in its entirety.  This was some pretty amazing stuff after all... something was really really compelling about these works by Syd Barrett.  Who *was* this guy?  And why wasn't he in the band?  Eventually I became so obsessed with the Floyd that I bought every studio album within a year or so after I'd been to that Floyd show at the Vet (R.I.P.).  I then really began to get a better understanding of all this &quot;psychedelic rock&quot; music (which all seemed to comeout of Britain for some reason -- but then, so did Monty Python), and then after I started listening to the band called Phish, I began to appreciate free-form, improvised music so much more.<br />And now, in 2004, after being exposed to just about every musical genre imaginable, I still find &quot;Piper&quot; to be a fantastic album that stands the test of time. &quot;Flaming&quot; is such a lovely and haunting song... it has now even replaced &quot;Bike&quot; as my favorite song on the album, and perhaps is on my top 5 Floyd songs of all time.  It is no wonder that people have become so curious about the legendary Syd Barrett, and wondering what exactly was going through his brain as he wrote this stuff.  It's the stuff of genius, no doubt.  It's hardly conventional music -- and hardly conventional Pink Floyd music, for that matter -- but that's why it's so interesting.<br />So my suggestion to you is this: if the only Floyd you know is &quot;Dark Side,&quot; &quot;WYWH,&quot; and &quot;The Wall,&quot; then you should know that you have to listen to a Floyd album in its entirely to get the full effect.  That's just how it's meant to be.  &quot;Piper&quot; is no different in that respect, although it doesn't follow the familiar &quot;concept album&quot; framework -- the songs on &quot;Piper&quot; have no underlying theme.  It's just Barrett's crazy brain sending some kind of weird signal to his writing/playing hand.  But no matter -- just block out about 45 minutes of your time and listen to this entire album from beginning to end, with no interruptions.  I am confident that, in time, you'll find that you can't live without this album, because it's like a drug, an addiction, that you can't (or won't want to) break free from.
B000089CJI|5.0|I wasnt much of a fan of the postal service until I saw them at the sasquatch festival at the gorge WA!! they were amazing ...track number 1 and 2 are the best on here..this music makes you want to dance around I love it!
B000002TQB|5.0|This is a great Britpop album from a consistantly brilliant band. It isn't however the best Britpop album of the 90's. That would be Pulp's unrivalled masterpiece Different  Class. That album is in a class of it's own. And Parklife isn't the best British album of the 90's either (ok computer OF COURSE!). Get this, by all means get this straight away- it will actually make your life better- but get Different Class( and OK Computer OF COURSE!) first.
B00001U0E1|1.0|Before I start out, I should say that I am NOT one of those people who think they have to deride \\"Shakespeare in Love\\" because it's a \\"chick flick\\" and therefore unworthy(?!) of Oscars.  Nor do I feel the need to condemn it for winning Best Picture over \\"Saving Private Ryan,\\" as so many have done.  I certainly do have a beef in that regard -- and it's that my own favorite film of 1998, \\"The Truman Show,\\" wasn't even nominated for Best Picture!  But none of these things have anything to do with my loathing for \\"Shakespeare in Love.\\" My beef is solely with the offensive nature of the film itself.  It's advertised as a love story, but is emotionally and morally empty when it comes to any notion of love.<br />You could see the writers straining to convince us that those two awesomely idiotic characters, Will and Viola, were really deserving to be the inspiration for \\"Romeo and Juliet.\\" The film wanted to show that \\"the truth and nature of love\\" so magnificently expressed in Shakespeare's play resulted from this casual (and to my mind very unromantic) affair between a lying weasel of a married man, and an apparently dimwitted girl who can't be bothered to decide whether she wants to marry him or not, though she's being forced into marriage with a man she hates. <br />Starting out by having a man needing to fall in love for a mercenary reason -- so he can finish his play -- and then conveniently having him decide that the first pretty girl who comes along is the love of his life, doesn't strike me as a convincing way to start a love story. Did writers Marc Norman and Tom Stoppard really stop to think this out? From the beginning we know he's using this girl, and they never find a convincing way to show us that this ever changes.<br />The worst line in the film, to my mind, comes right after their first soft-core sex scene. Viola murmurs: \\"I never would have believed that there could be something better than a play -- even your play!\\" Will: \\"Huh?\\" Well, there goes any possible higher emotional or spiritual aspect to their relationship. <br />This is the deepest flaw in the movie (which was otherwise well acted, gorgeously shot and beautifully costumed).  I could not enjoy it or buy into it in the slightest because the fundamental conception of the filmmakers was based on modern notions of love that don't go beyond the purely physical. Descriptions of love in Western literature have at least on occasion gone much deeper than that.  The Will in \\"Shakespeare in Love\\" not only couldn't have written \\"Romeo and Juliet\\"'s dramatic sonnet \\"If I profane with my unworthiest hand this holy shrine. . .\\" he wouldn't even have been able to understand it.  <br />Not to mention the glamorization of a man's adultery, and the strenuous attempts to avoid all the real-life emotional ramifications of such an action, in favor of a feel-good justification of it, in spite of the obvious harm to the young virginal woman who was used by a cad.  But it's excused and made to seem no real harm, by having her anger abated by thinking Will is dead, then readily going back to him when she discovers he's alive (a cheap dramatic trick if I ever saw one).  Above all, no matter what a real Elizabethan girl's attitude miught have been, Viola is made to adopt the \\"modern\\" attitude (love is just a \\"stolen season\\"). <br />I think there actually could have been a believable story in the idea of Shakespeare falling in love while writing \\"Romeo and Juliet.\\" Why not start with the historical fact that Shakespeare didn't even make up the plot of the play at all, much less make it up out of his own love life? In fact, \\"Romeo and Juliet\\" was an Italian novella that had gone the rounds of Europe, had been turned into a French play, an English poem and at least one preceding English play. What if Shakespeare finds himself adapting this love story, not believing in love, then actually falls in love in a way that resembles the plot of \\"Romeo and Juliet\\"? I think it would have been nice if he had fallen in love with a virgin like Viola, realized in all conscience he couldn't take advantage of her, and wrote his play out of his frustrated love, which he turns into art. I think it would have been more convincing. But of course then it wouldn't have been a Miramax film . . .
B000002H6C|5.0|There is something special about Justice.  It's almost like the music already existed somewhere...in nature, another planet.<br />Regardless, Metallica played each composition with perfect technique and accurate rhythm.  The production value on Justice is unmatched by their previous records.  Every song has it's own unique groove and the album legitimately differentiates itself from the other previous Metallica recordings.  To me, this was their last true metal album.  I feel as if the Black Album was less-than metal.  Something for the masses, not something for the misunderstood.  Justice has all the qualities of a great piece of music from beginning to end.
B0000C9JFO|2.0|I love foreign films and artsy flicks, but this one was simply trite Eurotrash. Messages and morals were forced down your throat at every opportunity. The film pits several foreign-exchange students all in a small apartment, and we're to believe that the only culture clash comes only briefly, and only from the brother of one of the students? What a joke. I would only recommend this film to Americans who believe the unity propoganda perpetrated by Europe. At the end of the film I was disgusted by the main character's actions and his cheezy reflection on all he's &quot;learned.&quot; Save your money and buy something more meaningful and realistic.
0767818040|1.0|Don't listen to the other reviewers.  This movie is a new low in cinema -- I don't care that it is violent or exploitative or anything like that -- it is simply dull, badly made, laughably written, and a complete waste of your time.  The ONLY nice part is that Melanie Griffith is not yet the puffy drunk plastic surgery victim she now is -- so it is interesting to see for that aspect alone.  But wow, this movie is a complete loser.
0684833395|1.0|I really don't see what is the fun there except for the famous Catch 22 definition.
B00005JMEW|5.0|I saw this film for the first time last night and was...amazed! I have never seen a film like this. We all have heard about how great this movie was and I don't usually believe hype. I am so mad at my self that I put off seeing this movie for such a long time. I am infuriated with myself that I missed volume 2 as well. Now all I have to do is wait for the second half of this movie to come out on DVD. But, until then I will do just fine watching this fine movie. It has a bit of everything in it action, drama, witty dialogue, and (oh yeah I forgot to add the obvious) a whole lot of blood! Uma Thurman was absolutley amazing and I hope she gets an Academey Award for Kill Bill Volume 2 since she was snubbed for Kill Bill Volume 1. The supporting cast was also great; Lucy Liu suprised me greatly. I do not know why,she just did. I loved the music for this film. It was a key factor that made this film enjoyable or set the mood or whatever. But the most credit should go to Quentin Tarintino. I think the man is a little wacky publicly,but he is a genius of a film-director. He is up there with Alfred Hitchcock in the level of genius. I absolutley loved this film and you would not regret seeing this film. Heck, you might as well buy it!
B0000028VT|5.0|Gosh! What a touch heart of this song about 9-11 happened. It is scary but sad. She sang VERY beautiful and wonderful and sexy voice. The song of \\"Hero\\" is one of my BEST favorite song off the Music Box CD. And \\"Without You\\" is very sad song but very touch heart. I can't tell which CD I like the BEST but I just love all of her CD's from 1990 until 2003. Keep up your hard work, my BEST Mariah Carey! Love you always, Mariah!
B00005JM0B|5.0|Why slam a fun flick?  Destiny is destiny--maybe that is a fatalistic view point, but so what.  All I wanted to do when I saw this movie was be entertained, and I was.  It wasn't as good as the first two, but maybe hype and years since the first one created expectations that can't be met. Sure there was no closure, but I happen to like sequels just like most people.
B00003CXXM|4.0|Based on the popular series by author Robert Ludlum, The Bourne Identity finds amnesiac CIA Agent Jason Bourne (Matt Damon) on the lam from assassins sent by his superior (Chris Cooper) while he recruits a down on her luck German woman (Franka Potente) to help him piece together his identity.  Entertaining from start to finish, the Bourne Identity is solid crowd pleasing entertainment and a more than solid vehicle for Matt Damon who gives an excellent performance.  The action can lag at some points, and it's nowhere as good as Ludlum's book, but this is still a solid mainstream action pic worth checking out.  Also featuring Brian &quot;the original Hannibal Lecter&quot; Cox and Julia Stiles.
0440238609|5.0|This trilogy had me really hooked with the first few chapters, and the first book was as good as any book needs to be.  A first rate writer, in the same class as J.K. Rowling, and a first class imagination too.  Daemons, armored bears, the subtle knife; things that stay with you.<br />However, one of the many keys to great writing is to make everything \\"work\\", and I felt the ending didn't finish with the same tremendous clarity of the first books.  I think it's because endings are difficult since you have to work out all the stories, have them make sense, and when you have a series of books that are so exceptional, it's a high standard to reach.<br />It may be a fantasy world, but you still need to make sense within your own structure, and have people do what a \\"real\\" person would do.<br />So read the series, but then go read Dune by Frank Herbert.
B000002L7Y|3.0|Everybody and their mom has seen the awesome video for &quot;Take On Me,&quot; which is deservedly always on many of those &quot;Top 100 Music Video&quot; countdowns, and that's probably the extent of most people's knowledge of A-Ha. However, their debut album had much more to offer than a throw-away pop song with a great video (which is good since &quot;Take On Me&quot; loses a lot of its coolness when you listen to it without getting to see the video). &quot;Train of Thought&quot; is brilliantly catchy, and the title track is hauntingly beautiful. And then there's the masterpiece: &quot;The Sun Always Shines on T.V.&quot; Despite being a US top 20 hit and having a video almost as stunning as &quot;Take On Me,&quot; this song has seemingly disappeared from our collective memory of the '80s. Which is too bad since it's the perfect pop song and deserved to be a major hit. <br />After this album, A-Ha never again had success in the US, so you might want to get their greatest hits collection instead (which includes all four of the aforementioned songs).
0679412697|4.0|In this somewhat atypical Jane Austen novel, Austen abandons her precise characterization and carefully constructed plots, usually designed to illustrate specific ethical and social dilemmas, and presents a much broader, more complex picture of early nineteenth century life.  Though the polite behavior of the middle and upper classes is always a focus of Austen, and this novel is no exception, she is more analytical of society as a whole here, casting a critical eye on moral issues which allow the upper class to perpetuate itself.  Fanny Price, the main character, is the daughter of a genteel woman who married for love but soon found herself in poverty.  When Fanny's aunt and uncle, the wealthy owners of Mansfield Park, invite Fanny alone, of all the children, to live with them, Fanny enters a new world, where she is educated, clothed, and housed, but always regarded as an \\"outsider.\\"<br /><br />Through Fanny's two cousins, Maria and Julia, Austen shows the complex interactions of the upper class as they negotiate marriages, try to maintain the family's reputation and wealth, and react to those \\"beneath\\" them socially.  Fanny, having experienced both poverty and plenty, comments on what she sees, and though she lacks the witty charm of some of Austen's other characters (such as Elizabeth Bennett), she shows an intelligence and conscience lacking among her cousins.  Only Edmund, the youngest of the Bertram sons, pays genuine attention to her, and her love for him is real, though secret.<br /><br />This is a darker novel than Austen's others, showing conflicts between late eighteenth century rationalism and the growing romanticism of the nineteenth century.  Sir Thomas maintains his wealth through his possible participation in the slave trade, a business which created fortunes for a number of his contemporaries.  Often unfeeling toward his own family, Sir Thomas also shows cruelty toward Fanny when she rejects a marriage he has negotiated for her to a man she does not love.  Cousin Maria chooses to marry Rushworth for his fortune, but she succumbs to her passion for someone else, and introduces a romantic, new sexuality into the novel. Unfortunately, Fanny, though sweet and reasonable, is also quiet and predictable, while Edmund, the only other potentially empathetic character, is nave and often appears to be weak.  Austen's light touch and quiet humor, which make her other novels vibrate with life and come to a satisfying ending, are less obvious here, and the abrupt conclusion leaves many questions unanswered.  Mary Whipplelove.  Cousin Maria chooses to marry Rushworth for his fortune, but she succumbs to her passion for someone else, and introduces a romantic, new sexuality into the novel. Unfortunately, Fanny, though sweet and reasonable, is also quiet and predictable, while Edmund, the only other potentially empathetic character, is nave and often appears to be weak.  Austen's light touch and quiet humor, which make her other novels vibrate with life and come to a satisfying ending, are less obvious here, and the abrupt conclusion leaves many questions unanswered.  Mary Whipple
B00004THAY|4.0|Hmm, so big anticipation for this record and it lived up to it, i guess. It starts strong with Riding with the King, and immediately shows who's in charge here - BB's in control. For Clapton this is a chance for direct comparison to his hero. Listening you get the impression that he's going all out to impress but even on BB's average days he'd still lose. <br />Nevertheless, there are some outstanding blues on this album. The Big Bill Broonzy favourite, Key to the Highway, previously covered by both men, shows a rare acoustic treat on BB's behalf and seems to be a favourite with previous reviewers. The seven minute reworking on 3'o clock Blues is awesome as well; it features some great BB vocals and delicate guitar work by both men. My favourite track however is Days of Old. An up tempo Chicago blues, it shows a comfort between the two that perhaps is lacking on some of the slower tunes where Clapton flags.<br />Low lights are Help the Poor (see BB's Live at the Regal for a better version) and I Wanna Be which doesn't really seem to fit in with the blues genre. Overall, had Clapton not been quite so in awe of his recording partner here a better effect would have been acheived (even his liner notes seem rather incoherent compared to B's.) Having said this, for an introduction to the blues and BB King for fans of Clapton's rock legacy, this album is a good place to start. It shows what the two legends love to do and despite weak moments it is genuine and proves that Pop Idol is not the be all and end all of 21st century music.
B0000028RR|5.0|The uncompromising self titled debut album of the politically motivated and vitrol charged band Rage Against the Machine remains one of the best recorded albums of all time and the best piece of material to ever come from the group.  The combination of rap, Zeppelin inspired riffs (check out &quot;Wake Up&quot;), and guitarist Tom Morello's sonic fueled solos made this album a real winner, but vocalist Zack de la Rocha's politically charged lyrics (which weren't misaimed much like on this album's follow up &quot;Evil Empire&quot;) are the real highlight.  Every single song, from the rip roaring opener &quot;Bombtrack&quot;, to &quot;Killing in the Name&quot;, to &quot;Take the Power Back&quot;, &quot;Bullet in the Head&quot;, and the closing &quot;Freedom&quot; are all masterpieces that don't get stale.  This is the album that put RATM on the map, nothing they had done since would ever be as profound as their debut album, and even after almost fourteen years after it's release, this remains their masterpiece.
B0000029GA|5.0|To tha idiot reviewer name Phinsfan13 or whuteva they wanna call u....mind yo own business n get off my reviewz....dis iz tha way i type...u dont like??? den f**k u....sayin i tryin to be hip.....mane....STFU n leave me alone...D**k face!!!!......Thiz idiot wastin his time to write a whole paragraph about me (while there are millionz of people dat write hate hip-pop reviewz) den writin tha Nas review...Thiz iz not a review bout me and that iz not my face on the cover (idiot), itz bout Nas....whut a dumazz......n-e-wayz...Again....pick up tha Nas Illmatic album if you don't got it....A+.....a true hip-hop classic<br />Hataz!!! Stop usin my name in yo reviewz to get attention n get of my nutz......Fagg0tz!!!!!
B0001ZX0PG|2.0|This movie was not great.  The acting was great.  I suppose the direction was good since I did not notice it, but there were so many problems with the story.  I can't stand movies where characters make the &quot;obvious&quot; wrong choice, when the right choice is right there in front of them.  I am so happy that I only rented this over hyped film.
0380789019|4.0|To tell the you the truth, I was very sceptical about reading this book. I've never read anything from Gaiman before, so I wasn't sure that it would be any good. I read the first chapter or so, and I wasn't very impressed. But as I had nothing else to do at the hotel I was staying at, I figured that I'd just keep reading. I ended up reading for about 4 or 5 hours straight-not something I do every day! After I got past that chapter, it was just so amazing. The way the Gaiman writes, it all just flows together. All of the characters are very interesting-I especially liked the marquis de Carabas-he provided a lot of the comic relief in the story. I stayed up until 11:30 to finish the book after reading it constantly for a couple days. <br />To sum it up, I guess, this book is definitley worth the 6 or 7 dollars.
B0001UL7RY|5.0|I'm so tired of people saying Avril is a poser and she's trying to be punk. She's not trying to be anything. You should thank god she's not prancing on stage like a hoochie. I love her because she writes her own songs. She sings live and doesn't lip sync. She's her own person so stop dissing her and like her for who she is. I've always been a fan of avril and I first heard the cd at my friends house and fell in love with it at once. I got the Cd a day later and I can't stop listening to it.<br />She's gotten a tad bit mature, not enough to satisfy a lot, but hey, she's still young so why is she going to calm down now. Her lyrics could be a bit more explained through but thats something she's got to work on herself. This album is great overall, most of the songs have great feels and moods to them. Especially the last song about her grandfather that passed away. It's a bit of a tear jerker. Go get this album. Don't listen to all the avril haters who hardly know anything about her. If you like her, you don't have to be ashamed of it. She's definitly different then a lot of other singers out there and she's very talented. GO AVRIL!!!
B00005JLYW|1.0|I have had the priviledge of watching the worst film ever. It was Plan 9 from Outer Space, by Ed Wood. It was brilliant. Ed Wood took no money, no talent, no acting ability, no coherance and no plot and turned it into the most entertaining movie I have ever seen.<BR>Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle, meanwhile, took millions of dollars, reasonable (I'll go no further) talent and acting ability, and no coherence or plot, and churned out the worst pile of crap I have ever had the misfortune to be in the same room as.<BR>From the moment the film opens, you know your braincells are doomed. The idiocy-rays beaming from the screen penetrate through your eyes and you suffer the anguished screams of your braincells dying as all logic is stripped away.<BR>And despite what anyone else says, I was resolutely unattracted to the Angels; I find it impossible to like someone whose idea of a snappy line is 'Just once I'd like to leave a bar by the door.' Throughout the movie you can hear the original Angels spinning in their graves. And if they're not dead, this movie will kill them off.
B0001UL7RY|5.0|Pretty Self-Explanatory.  It's a great mix of feelings a person might have about someone, something, or themselves
B0001UL7RY|5.0|I wasn't a huge fan of Avril Lavigne's before, but this CD really caught me by surprise.  I'm at the point I almost know all the words of the songs It's in constant rotation in my car cd player.  The CD is more mature, and I think more personal.  She's young and can change it up and be creative.  I think Avril is the type who will do what she likes, regardless of what others think, and I think thats awesome!
B00020HEG6|5.0|The long awaited third film of the Harry Potter series just came out. The music to this album has a much different feel from the previous two albums. This album features a jazz piece, Medieval sounding pieces, and a choir. In this album John leaves the fimiliar sound of the the first 2 albums behind and creates a whol new theme to the album. The most newest sound for the Harry Potter movies was the Knight Bus, a jazzy piece. Double Trouble has a choir singing and this motif can be heard throughout the soundtrack and movie numerous times. But the real ringer of this CD is Buckbeak's Flight. It's such a great track with the start of the drums, to the strings, and then the big ending this is a great track. There are some songs that sound like they're from the first 2 albums. They are the The Whomping Willow and the Snowball Fight, Quidditch, Third Year, The Werewolf Scene. A Window To The Past is a real great slow piece and is heard throughout the movie. The Whomping Willow and the Snowball Fight one of my favorites on the album. The Whomping Willow sounds like Quidditch music to me and the Snowball Fight sounds like Christmas at Hogwarts. Mischief Managed is also a good track. It starts off with Ninbus 2000, then goes to Hedwig's Theme, and then to Double Trouble. It also plays some other songs off the soundtrack. Overall this is a great album.
B0000BYM3K|5.0|Can you write a review before hearing the album?  I am going to buy the album... without hearing it.  WHY?  Because I am so excited that IM has released a new album!  I am a ??-year old mother of four.  My 13-year old son has just found an interest in IM.  I think that is so cool.  I can hand him an IM cd and I know what he is listening to.  It is real music with real, legitimate lyrics that actually have some meaning and depth.  I have been a fan of IM since Number of the Beast.  I am not of the MTV Gen any longer.  The only way I know they have released another album is to go to the website and check.  I believe in supporting the band and their efforts.  I am sure the negative feedback is appreciated by the band, but so is the dollar vote!
B0000025KI|1.0|i really like springsteen, but am not a &quot;bruce can do no wrong&quot; type of fan, and after listening to a borrowed copy of &quot;the River&quot; recently i gotta say this is his worst album. i'm glad i listened before wasting my money. if you're a new fan start with something great like Tunnel of Love which won't disappoint.
B00005JLYW|5.0|To all those people who gave this film a thumbs down i have one word to describe you............BORES! This isn't a film concerned over plot but what it is concerned with is entertaining the viewer which I think is the point of movies today dont you?<BR>Drew,Lucy and Cameron seem like they are having so much fun making this film and this adds to the flick itself. The Special effects are A+ grade and the camera moves swiftly and smoothly through the films many amazing setpieces especially the breathtaking final rooftop scene where the angels battle it out with the sizzling Demi Moore.<BR>Finally I urge all you Ker-azzy internet buyers out there to purchase this film and see for yourself if you like /love/hate this film.
0156029065|3.0|Oh my... It took few weeks to complete it.  <BR>While there were several gems in this book - exceptional thought provoking discussions and ideas, they were scattered in a less than tight story that simply was not attractive to me.
B0000W3YIS|5.0|No words to say! But this is Miss spears best album ever. I just bought it, GO BRITNEY!!!! hit me up, ONLY if you agree too!
0790729970|5.0|I still get lots of laughs watching &quot;The Mask&quot; after a full decade since it's release to theatres and even to this very day, &quot;The Mask&quot; stands as Carrey's greatest movie to date even amidst the funny films he's done since then.<br /> The character John Ipkiss is a worker in NYC whose job goes down the toilet until he discovers an ancient artifact that resembles a mask of some sort and when he puts it on, it causes him to transform into a wildly erratic genius who goes totally beserk and Ipkiss decides to use the mask to fight crime in NYC but his mask is saught by a greedy criminal mastermind bent on taking over New York and kidnaps Ipkiss's love interest and threatens to kill her if time runs out and now Ipkiss with the power of hte mask must stop the madman before it's too late.<br /> The ride throughout this movie is just hilarious and the comedic wit of Jim Carrey carries this film the whole way through. Go and get this movie as soon as possible. It's a classic for all ages to come.
B00003CXXM|4.0|Okay! This is a suspense/thriller/action/spy movie that's character driven with a really great movie team in Director Doug Limon (Go, Swingers, The O.C.), Screen Writer Tony Gilroy (Deloris Claiborne, Devil's Advocate, and The Cutting Edge) and the Author of the novel `The Bourne Identity', Robert Ludlum as one of the executive producers along with Frank Marshall (all the `Indiana Jones' movies, all the `Back to the Future' movies, and The Sixth Sense) as executive producers.<br />Matt Damon plays Jason Bourne a man trained and conditioned to disappear by a Black Ops Division of the CIA but something has gone wrong. Unconscious and wounded he was rescued by a fishing boat off the coast of France with out his memory; two bullet holes to the back and a numbered Swiss Bank account  are his only clues to his identity. Of course, his former employer is now also looking for him and things get complicated.<br />In comes Marie (Franka Potenta) a young women who gives Jason Bourne a ride to Paris. This is first and foremost an action film but there is no denying the chemistry that exists between the characters of Jason and Marie so it's interesting to see the dynamics of Action, Suspense, and Romantic Hope!<br />I won't go into the movie as it's more fun to watch and see for your self but it was a great action movie with wonderful performances throughout. I will say Chris Cooper (Lone Star, American Beauty, and Seabiscuit) plays the Black Ops director and gives a glowing performance. Can you tell I really like Chris Cooper?<br />The direction in this movie was superb. Doug Limon did an excellent job of telling this story and setting the mood with innovative camera work that gave you a feel for each character and scene. When the character was off kilter he made you feel off kilter with his careful, deliberate direction. I will have to make an effort to see more of Doug Limon's films.<br />This movie was energetic, polished, and had a visual style unique to the genre of action adventure with a lot of great writing, direction, and performance!adventure with a lot of great writing, direction, and performance!
B00002ND77|3.0|The movie was decent. Outstanding performances by Denzel and Angela make the film, however, I found the book to be more informative.
B00020HEG6|5.0|Este CD es muy superior a los otros, la msica es diferente a los dos anteriores, y la supera por mucho. Con canciones con la base de &quot;Double Trouble(Something Wicked This Way Comes!)&quot;, hacen que el CD sea expectacular, los violines, la bateria, el piano, el violn y muchos instrumentos mas que suenan como lo mejor... EXCELENTE
0380977788|5.0|Deeply inspired by Alice in Wonderland, 'Coraline' is Gaiman's journey into gothic fantasy and natural childhood fears.  Monsters aren't to be feared here.  That would be too easy for Gaiman.  Instead, we are subjected to a level a creepiness that stays with humans throughout their entire lives making this 'childrens book' approachable by all ages.  Dark closets, conspiring mice, a talking cat and a women with a penchant for eating insects make up the 'other world' of 'Coraline'.  By passing through that mysterious locked door in a little girl's flat, we give up all our rational adult reasoning and discover just how creepy buttons can actually be.
B00004S35Z|5.0|When it comes to blending moods,textures,funkiness and mellowness with that ever important quality of song NO ONE can<BR>and probably will match Stevie Wonder!His words abound in high<BR>sociopolitical optimism while also reveling in often regretful<BR>romantic revelries!And he wraps all that into this a sea of<BR>tasteful arrangements,slightly jazz texutures and a great sense of a groove!<BR>      Now THAT'S just the overall sound!There are classic hits<BR>like &quot;Boogies On Reggae Woman&quot; and the scathingly political<BR>&quot;You Haven't Done Nothin'&quot;.And when the rest of the album consists of songs like &quot;Creepin'&quot;,&quot;Heaven Is 10 Zillion Light<BR>Years Away&quot; and the as yet undiscovered &quot;Bird Of Beauty&quot; sound<BR>even MORE like potential hits then you've got it made!
B000000H7I|5.0|Yup, with every song made  for your ears to bleed...Suffocation has won every one to love and cherish every album they ever made.The sounds of pure deathmetal are to be found here--so, look no further!!
1592400876|1.0|The idea is cute and it seems to have &quot;caught on.&quot; But the books is greatly overrated!! I find her over use of the semicolon and colon extremely annoying. She doesn't mention or distinguish the difference between an M dash or an N dash.<BR>I think her book needs an editor!!! Much better books are Lapsing Into A Comma by Bill Walsh or The New Well-Tempered Sentence by Karen Elizabeth Gordon.
B000002UR7|4.0|You know your album is sub-par when your strongest single is on the disc twice.  But despite the fact that this cd is only so-so, I still love listening to it.  This album represents what I wish I could see more bands achieve.  How many times have you listened to an album and thought to yourself, &quot;I can hear so much potential.&quot;  Even though the album isn't as great as you would like it to be, you're still applauding the effort.  Occasionally, as in the case with Radiohead, a band will seize that potential and go beyond all expectations.  Radiohead started out as a pretty weak band but soon became my all-time favorite musicians.  This album is an important precursor to the greatness they would achieve later and should not be passed up.<br />As a side note, the song they became famous with, 'Creep', soon became the band's least favorite song.  Through the 'Bends' and 'Ok Computer' years, Radiohead would often refuse to play 'Creep' while on tour.  Last year while touring for 'Hail to the Thief', the band unexpectedly performed 'Creep' for the Atlanta crowd.  Thom Yorke seemed to enjoy playing the song that he despised so much and acted playful on stage even adjusting some of the lyrics, like &quot;I wanna perfect soul&quot; with, &quot;so I can look good next to you,&quot; while showing off his best feminine pose.  It seemed that they were comfortable enough with their post-Creep accomplishments that they felt it was OK to play that 'wretched song'.
0792844882|5.0|This is the quintessential bad movie. It's so bad it's great! I remember when this movie came out and I believe it was the director's intention to make a serious movie. Well I'm glad it didn't turn out that way. This has to be by far one of the most hilarious movies I've seen. The over-over-overacting by Elizabeth Berkeley is pure comedy and will keep you laughing from the first scene to the last. It's pretty hard to take any of it seriously when scene after scene after scene is just so ridiculous, I.E. the pool sex scene. If one could even call it that...watching that poor gal flop around in the water like that reminded me of a fish out of water fighting for its life. It was great. The dance sequences were great, I must say I enjoyed the dancing. A lot of people say this is a horrible movie and it is, but the key is to not take any of it seriously and just turn your brain off and watch it. You can't help but laugh, I promise. I know when I first saw it years years years ago, I thought it was the worst piece of crap I had seen...then I saw it again and again and it's the movie I watch when I need a damn good laugh. Definitely a must have.
B00000JCOV|1.0|Slipknot is nothing but just dumb and pointless noise and they do not have any talent. 9 people in a band...Come on ?Be sirious. Its kinda sad that today's youth have no clue about musicianship because all they listing to is far away from being real music with talent. I first heard slipknot's  debut but i think they even had an album before called k.m.r. anyways, when i first heard about their self title full length--i just had to atleast hear how they sounded like right ? Lets just say that...I made a mistake by doing that but being the open minded person im  , well, i even bought iowa thinking maiby slipknot would sound better but both of the albums  suck along with their latest album called &quot; vol3:(the subliminal; verses)which was a extreme boring 3rd release by this 9 fa*@ots... slipksh*t's selftitle has  terrible songs and the lirycs are truly dumb and childish. This is not heavy or even metal its just plain boring and poser noise with no talent whats so ever! The worse vocalist in &quot;metal&quot; today has to be Corey  besides J. Davis from korn!! Whiny and pu*@y lirycs with rip-off sounds doesn't make you  a metalhead, Losers! Don't buy this unless you want to be shot...Laters!
B00008OWZC|5.0|I can't for the life of me understand some of the negative reviews for this fantastic 3CD set. This is simply the best live album i have ever heard or ever will hear. No live CD I have listened to comes close to this in terms of quality of performance and, perhaps more importantly, sound quality. Some people here have complained about the poor sound but they must be listening to a different CD. The sound is crisp and clear, especially on Page's guitar, which crunches way up in the mix. This sound gives these oft-heard songs new life. The studio versions of the Houses of the Holy tracks in particular - Over The Hills and Far Away, The Ocean and Dancing Days - only hint at what these songs have become here. There is a power and muscle to these songs that is missing on the studio album. In fact, that goes for all of the material here. These songs just rock so much harder than their studio counterparts. In my opinion, the current Zeppelin remasters from 1995 (with the exception of IV) are hampered by very muddy remastering. Zeppelin II and III seem to suffer the most from this problem. This is a chance to hear these songs truly blast out of the speakers like they should. And I have to admit that I thought Jimmy Page was overrated before I heard this album....let's just say that I have revised my opinion! He is truly amazing on this and shows tremendous skill and versatility (and subtlety for that matter). Simply put, this album provides compelling evidence that Zeppelin are the best band in rock history. Period. This is a must have for any fan of rock music, whether you are a Zeppelin diehard or not.
B000002H6C|4.0|If this were mixed like MOP, this would get a 5/5. All you really hear is guitar,drums, and vocals. The bass was turned down so low that you don't get the oomph from earlier CDs. Also, some of the songs, like Frayed Ends of Sanity seemed long just for the sake of being long.
B0001ZMWQO|3.0|i really don't understand what the hype is all about. Out of 11 songs, only 5 stand out: take me out, the dark of the matinee, darts of pleasure, Michael and auf achse. Those songs may be fun to dance to but the album isn't worth it. Go for the single instead.
B00000JPYQ|5.0|this record highlights schenker and mogg and the<BR>rest of the band as one of the greatist live concerts<BR>that you could ever hear from the late 70's,they were<BR>at there peak,great record.
B000002KHH|4.0|(Actual Rating-4.5)<br />Released in 1971, Paranoid is Black Sabbath's second album.<br />Although Black Sabbath(Self-Titled Album) was arguably the album that created Heavy Metal, Paranoid is the album that made it popular. After the minor success of Black Sabbath, upon its release in 1971, Paranoid quickly shot into the Top Ten, reaching as far as Number 8 on the heels of the gloomy singles &quot;Paranoid&quot; and &quot;Iron Man&quot;, and eventually sold over 4 million copies, by far Black Sabbath's biggest selling album. Paranoid is the album that made metal popular, and Paranoid secured its place as one, if not the most, influential albums of all-time, creating an entire genre out of one recording. To this day, the radio is constantly playing &quot;War Pigs&quot;,&quot;Paranoid&quot;, and &quot;Iron Man&quot;, so Paranoid's legacy has not been forgotten even after 32 years, a feat most albums can't say for themselves. To this day, along with &quot;Smoke On the Water&quot;, &quot;Iron Man&quot; has one of the most memorable and well-known riffs of all-time, and if you ask any guitarist what the first songs they learned to play were, it will always be those two. According to most Black Sabbath fans, Paranoid is their best album, so are they right or<br />wrong? Read on to learn what I think of Paranoid.<br />Luke's Wall/War Pigs-10/10: Iommi's sludgy guitar riffs and the foreboding siren in the beginning set the stage for the album perfectly. What you are about to hear is an all-out metalfest! Ozzy's vocals take center stage soon after, singing some of the most ingenious lyrics I've ever heard, and they only rival &quot;Iron Man&quot; in terms of complexity. As the song progresses, Iommi and Ozzy duel for center-stage, Iommi breaking out with killer riffs and solos at any time and Ozzy singing about the destruction of the world because of politician's greed with a flair that can only belong to him.<br />Paranoid-10/10: Even though &quot;Paranoid&quot; clocks in just over 2 and a half minutes, it stands as one of the most memorable tracks on the album! Iommi's riff is unmistakeable, and Ozzy's piercing vocals scream out at you from the stereo with no remorse. One thing though, Iommi's solo was somehow screwed up by the remastering, so it doesn't sound to good.<br />Planet Caravan-3/10: This song is nothing but indistinct vocals from Ozzy and almost unhearable drumming. I'm only nice and giving it 3 points because of Iommi's bluesy guitar solo, which is unfortuneatly hard to hear but still sounds really good.<br />Iron Man-15/10-You might have heard Iommi's opening riff, and if you haven't you must be living under a rock! Like on &quot;War Pigs&quot;, Iommi and Ozzy share center stage, each taking turns showing their distinctive mastery! Iommi belts out insane solos and sludgy riffs as Ozzy casually sings about the slow insanity of a robot that destroys mankind. I would say this song has the BEST lyrics I've EVER HEARD, and that's from a man who listens to Rush and Metallica! Ward's drumming is to die for on this song!<br />Electric Funeral-10/10: Unlike the title suggests, this song isn't all that bad! This song seems like it could have easily became a hit, because it's Classic Metal at its very Best! We get an Alice In Chains-y riff from Iommi throughout the song that is completely genious, and Ozzy backs it up perfectly with his vocals about the end of the world(AS USUAL!). About 2:20 in, the song goes in a new direction, giving the song a light edge to it, Iommi discarding his usual sludgy riff for a lighter one, but he soon goes back to it 3 minutes in. Nonetheless, it is an excellent intermission that builds up to the dark riffs later on.<br />Hand of Doom-7/10-Starts off a little slow, with Ozzy's sarcastic vocals singing about your ascension into hell, but then Iommi's sludgy riff sweeping in and building up to a chorus that is louder than hell itself! The reason I took off 3 points is because for 8 minutes, this song really only does that, with a good solo to break the flow every once in a while. Black Sabbath tries to do many things in this song, but somehow it seems disjointed and not as masterful as the other songs.<br />Rat Salad-9/10: Why do people call this a filler track? WHY!? It's just as long as &quot;Paranoid&quot;, with the exception that it's an instrumental. This song truly gives Iommi and especially Vinny Appice a chance to take the spotlights on themselves for over two minutes. Iommi goes for a less sludgy riff while Bill Ward plays his HEART OUT! SOME OF THE BEST DRUMMING I'VE EVER HEARD, HE BREAKS INTO AN AMAZING MINUTE LONG SOLO!<br />Fairies Wear Boots/Jack the Stripper-15/10: As the liner notes suggest, this is clearly Black Sabbath's most ambitious song. Iommi's combination sludgy/light guitar riffs and solos perfectly balance the song and make it stand out as one of the most genious songs on this album. As you might suspect, the song is kind of a joke, and Ozzy's vocals might even make you laugh, but not in the bad way! Everything is top-notch here, and this song is tied &quot;Iron Man&quot; as the best on Paranoid. Truly great instrument playing!<br />Overall, Paranoid is a great album essential to the making of one of the greatest kinds of music ever, Heavy Metal, and we owe it all to the mastery of Iommi, Ozzy, and Bill Ward. DO NOT HATE ON &quot;RAT SALAD&quot;! &quot;Iron Man&quot; and &quot;Fairies Wear Boots&quot; are masterpieces and have to heard by any fan of Rock in general! The reason Paranoid gets 4.5 stars is because of filler track &quot;Planet Caravan&quot; and the slightly disjointed &quot;Hand Of Doom&quot;.<br />HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! ANY FAN OF METAL, CLASSIC ROCK, OR ANYBODY INTERESTED TO SEE THEIR FAVORITE GRUNGE BAND'S BIGGEST INFLUENCE, LOOK NO FURTHER! SINCE PARANOID,BLACK SABBATH, AND MASTER OF REALITY ONLY COST 9.99$, ALL THESE ALBUMS ARE A STEAL! Thanks for Reading!g really only does that, with a good solo to break the flow every once in a while. Black Sabbath tries to do many things in this song, but somehow it seems disjointed and not as masterful as the other songs.<br />Rat Salad-9/10: Why do people call this a filler track? WHY!? It's just as long as &quot;Paranoid&quot;, with the exception that it's an instrumental. This song truly gives Iommi and especially Vinny Appice a chance to take the spotlights on themselves for over two minutes. Iommi goes for a less sludgy riff while Bill Ward plays his HEART OUT! SOME OF THE BEST DRUMMING I'VE EVER HEARD, HE BREAKS INTO AN AMAZING MINUTE LONG SOLO! <br />Fairies Wear Boots/Jack the Stripper-15/10: As the liner notes suggest, this is clearly Black Sabbath's most ambitious song. Iommi's combination sludgy/light guitar riffs and solos perfectly balance the song and make it stand out as one of the most genious songs on this album. As you might suspect, the song is kind of a joke, and Ozzy's vocals might even make you laugh, but not in the bad way! Everything is top-notch here, and this song is tied &quot;Iron Man&quot; as the best on Paranoid. Truly great instrument playing!<br />Overall, Paranoid is a great album essential to the making of one of the greatest kinds of music ever, Heavy Metal, and we owe it all to the mastery of Iommi, Ozzy, and Bill Ward. DO NOT HATE ON &quot;RAT SALAD&quot;! &quot;Iron Man&quot; and &quot;Fairies Wear Boots&quot; are masterpieces and have to heard by any fan of Rock in general! The reason Paranoid gets 4.5 stars is because of filler track &quot;Planet Caravan&quot; and the slightly disjointed &quot;Hand Of Doom&quot;. <br />HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! ANY FAN OF METAL, CLASSIC ROCK, OR ANYBODY INTERESTED TO SEE THEIR FAVORITE GRUNGE BAND'S BIGGEST INFLUENCE, LOOK NO FURTHER! SINCE PARANOID,BLACK SABBATH, AND MASTER OF REALITY ONLY COST 9.99$, ALL THESE ALBUMS ARE A STEAL! Thanks for Reading!
B00008PW2D|5.0|As a devotee of Sex and the City, I never wanted to admit that anything was wrong with the show... until I saw Season 5.  A lot of people will say that Season 5 is what's wrong with SATC, but I say that Season 5 is what's RIGHT about the show!  Season 5 is the most realistic of all six seasons.  Playfully dubbed \\"the season without men\\" by the show's writers, there are very few long-term (or short-term, for that matter) relationships for the women in this season.  Until Season 5, the women of SATC have gone through a seemingly endless string of semi-serious to serious relationships without any real examination of what and who the women are without men.  This season forces all of the women to show their true colors without men.  Even Samantha's antics are toned down and used more to expose who she is rather than what she does.<br />Many fans complained that Season 5 wasn't funny enough.  Not enough men, not enough sex.  Real single women know that Season 5 was the closest of all the seasons to what all of us experience in our daily lives - loneliness, good friends, occasional romantic connections, and a lot of \\"in between\\".  Season 5 isn't \\"filler\\" or a poor season - its real life.  Fans of the show who don't enjoy this season are, perhaps, happy to forget about their own lives while following those of Carrie, Charlotte, Miranda and Samantha.  I prefer to think of the women of SATC as myself and my friends - and Season 5 proves that they are.
B00000DFSK|3.0|How did 'Sort of Homecoming' and 'Two Hearts Beat As One' (among others) get left off of this?  Disappointing...
B0001UL7RY|5.0|this is a great album from Avril Lavigne. You can tell that this is alot more personal to her and is better that the first!
B0001GOH6Q|3.0|Big Fish is a pretty fun movie.It's entertaining, and visually delightful, has Albert Finney in top form, and enough quirky characters to satisfy the eccentric viewer.<br />But while I enjoyed the overall experience of watching Big Fish, I never really related to any of the characters, or felt emotionally moved, or involved by any of it.And, despite the acting being solid from pretty much everybody, I think that if it wasn't for Albert Finney's wry, dry, and touching performance as the older father,Big Fish wouldn't have succeeded as well as it did on the basis of quirky characters and great eye candy. Ewan McGregor,overworks his Southern accent, and goes through the enitre film on one note. He was alright, but, for me, he tried a little too hard to be charming.Jessica Lange is a great actress, but she's pretty wasted here as Finney's wife. Billy Crudup, as Finney's son was, again, solid, but somewhat annoying.I also thought the ensemble cast had very little chemistry-it almost felt like Burton placed a bunch of strangers into one house.I also thought that Big Fish got a little too sentimental towards the end-begging for emotion that had not been warranted throughout the film.And the voice overs by Billy Crudup just did it for me-they were TOTALLY pointless and just seemed to squander whatever pleasure I got from watching the film. I know what was going on during the film; I know what you did pal, and what you must've learned-I do NOT need you to tell me.<br />All in all, while this is a film which did not do anything for me on the emotional front, I liked its quirkiness, and Albert Finney's performance.I thought it moved along nicely, and kept me entertained.But, your enjoynment of the film will really depend how much of a sucker you are for great scenery, and if you're like me, (and I go weak in the knees from sweet eye candy)you'll be able to enoy Big Fish that much more.
B00007ELJX|4.0|Lynch's film, like a Mobus strip, keeps you on one narrative track and renturns you first to a mirror image of what you've seen, and then back to the beginning.  On one level it's a horror film whose power (like that of The Cabinet of Dr Caligari\\" or the oddly effective \\"Blair Witch Project\\" film) stems from its refusal to dispose of the things it dredges up.  On another, it's a meditation on desire and obsession, and an eerie commentary on the power of film and representation.   <br /> <br />While it lacks the ultimate hopefulness of \\"Blue Velvet,\\" this is in some ways a tighter and much freakier film.  One of the most terrifying moments in recent cinema is the party scene, where the Pullman protagonist chats with the Robert Blake demonic figure who is both standing in front of him and at his home at the same time.  Lynch transforms characters into mirror images of each other, breathes weird life into the sunlit horror of L.A. with subtly perfect music, and throws in a few perfectly comical moments to boot. <br /> <br />This is not a happy film, but it is riveting and a technical masterpiece.
B0000DZ3HM|4.0|An essential dvd re-release of the original multi-volume vhs document of the historic Town Hall (NYC) concert of February 1985 that celebrated the rebirth of the Blue Note label.<br />Much comment has been written regarding the re-editing of the film footage and the modified selection of performances. As one would expect, the picture quality, color balance and sound are superior to the vhs versions. The producers attempted to enlarge the 'space' of the performances with wider-angle footage (the vhs film is mostly tight-focus on individuals on-stage). It is puzzling, however, that they chose not to employ the wide-screen 'letterbox' format (especially in light of the fact that the 1997 documentary film, &quot;Blue Note: A Story Of Modern Jazz&quot;, uses the wide-screen format and has wide-screen film clips from this concert). Nonetheless, the dvd is a great visual show.<br />As a hard-bop enthusiast, I am pleased for the most part with the revised selection of performances. Inclusion of Joe Henderson's &quot;Recorda-me&quot;, Jackie MacLean's &quot;Appointment In Ghana&quot;, and Stanley Turrentine's &quot;Scratch My Back&quot; are welcome additions. Of the two Stanley Jordan performances on the vhs tapes, the dvd includes the more entertaining &quot;Jumpin'Jack&quot;. Likewise, of the three Charles Lloyd numbers from the vhs, the dvd retains the best of the three, &quot;Tone Poem&quot;. On the negative side, McCoy Tyner's performance of &quot;Passion Dance&quot; was excluded. Regardless, the three major highlights of the concert, Herbie Hancock's &quot;Cantaloupe Island&quot;, Art Blakey's &quot;Moanin'&quot;, and Cecil Taylor's solo &quot;Pontos Cantados&quot;, are here in all their splendor and are worth the price of admission alone.<br />Nice menu options for Blue Note fans are the fine galleries of Francis Wolff's photography and Reid Miles' album cover designs. My one criticism of these features is that the graphic design for the galleries distracts somewhat from the power and presence of the images.<br />Overall, this is an essential addition to any jazz enthusiast's library. Now its time for Blue Note to issue the perfect companion to it - the dvd version of &quot;Blue Note: A Story of Modern Jazz&quot;!from the power and presence of the images.<br />Overall, this is an essential addition to any jazz enthusiast's library. Now its time for Blue Note to issue the perfect companion to it - the dvd version of &quot;Blue Note: A Story of Modern Jazz&quot;!
1857993284|5.0|I grew up in Germany and read this book when I was 14. It completely changed my life. It changed my way of thinking and I became intrigued with Philosophy. For a long time my plan was to study Philosophy because of this book. It is great for ANY age, I am still trying to find the time to reread this great timeless book. I recommend it to everyone. I have my german and my english edition. It is a must read for everyone batteling the questions of Philosophy, or even just life. It takes you to another place in another reality and will stay with you for a long time after you finish it. A Masterpiece!
B0000DJZA5|3.0|Despite some of the other ratings slagging this album I really enjoyed it. The songs were a bit different and kind of raw sounding especially &quot;The Long And Winding Raod&quot;.  Without the string section it still sounded great. It has another cd of the Beatles in the studio working out songs and talking which is  a real delight to hear.  I loved both cd's. Even though many years have past and I listen to other music I do pull out a Beatles cd every once in a while and listen to them and think back to the days when I listened to the Beatles on vinyl  despite the scratches.  I love listening to them now on cd and hearing the parts that i couln't hear on vinyl.  This album is so very good.
B000002U82|5.0|Ahh, Pink Floyd, from the era in which you had to have talent to be popular. Dark Side is a spaced out masterpiece full of echoes and tape effects. The first double-track is like a welcome to the adventure with a share of instrumentals and hollow vocals. Next is the super-spacey On The Run. This track just gives me an amazing feeling of progression, with a constant crescendo and a strong beat, it is a subtle but invigorating track. I love Time because of how it turns the rings of clocks into music with a sort of groove. Then the vocals suddenly burst in with such glowing intensity it just makes me well, happy. The Great Gig in The Sky is probably one of the best Pink Floyd tracks. The vocal solo is just really good. Money starts off the same way as Time, except with a shorter wait till the vocals. I love this track because of its lyrics, very clever. The rest of the CD starts to mold together giving it a sort of melting sound until you get to Eclipse which is so obviously a finale to the CD. Great songs all around.
B000068TPN|3.0|I won't compare this movie to the classics of the genre such as Full Metal Jacket, platoon or Apocalypse now, we're far from the perfection of those masterpieces. Come on men, We are soldiers has quite a lot of cheezy dialogues and some of the acting is not really credible. The journalist, I was still expected he will piss himself in a short moment when he was playing a sad/serious scene. I also laughed while he was crying/typing at the end. Anyway Mel Gibson is the hero of this movie, is also a great father, a fantastic officer, an amazing fighter...Is he human? That's the question I was asking to myself.
B00008YJH5|5.0|Well the Pixies are among my favorite bands. I got this CD when I was going to pick up Doolittle, but they didn't have it at the store (typical bad selection at CD stores), so I got this one because I didn't want to go out empty-handed. Well I definitely wasn't disappointed. I was actually glad I had purchased this album before Doolittle. This album is just full of rabid goodness. When you sing along with the lyrics you don't realize what you're saying until you step back and then you just sit there for a little while with a weirded out amused look on your face. Then you jump back in. And Where Is My Mind? is one of the best Pixies songs of all time. Definitely buy this album, and Doolittle.
B00005JLK1|1.0|I was impressed by the trailer and I said to myself if Gabriel Byrne is in, must be alright. I was wrong. It's boring and the end/twist is dumb. They apparently spent much money making this crap. when you listen and wath the &quot;making of&quot; in the special features, it sounds like the guys really believe this movie will make it and will be a classic in the genre. Forget it. It's absurd and grotesque.
B00020HEL6|5.0|What more could you want in an album than beautiful songs that stand the test of time, brilliantly done music and a singer whose radiant voice sets her far above the pack? You get it all in the self-titled CD &quot;Renee Olstead&quot;, the auspicious debut of America's most amazing teen singer.<br />Every cut has something marvelous going on, with a few songs so impressively sung you wonder what miracle of genetics - what breakthrough in evolution - brought this talent to the world. Put me on a slow boat to China and I'll spend the entire time listening to &quot;Renee Olstead.&quot;<br />I guess we could all drop names and say she conjures up what-her-name and so-and-so, but let Renee be Renee. She's absolutely earned it with this stunning collection.
B000002VCZ|3.0|Well, between the 10 or 11 (depending on your own opinion about 'Freudiana') Project albums this could be regarded as the weakest, but it still brings some nice fresh new things to the whole. Mainly, a pop-oriented turn of the ban which creates this short (only eight songs) but very easy listening album.<br /><br />The opening is one of the most successful songs from the Project along with 'Eye in the Sky' and 'Don't Answer Me'. A nice, quick song with a lot of energy and bassist David Paton's nice vocals as well.<br /><br />'Sooner or Later' is a very hummable tune, and 'Days are Numbers' is one of the most memorable Project's ballads.<br /><br />But the most interesting for me lays between the last three songs: 'Hawkeye', the album's only instrumental, in a highly pop format but still works. The next one, a highly beatle-styled tune sung by Colin Blunstone, 'Somebody Out There', a good quality composition with a nice two-part electric guitar solo. And the closing, 'The Same Old Sun', a very overlooked ballad, my favourite of the album, with simple but beautiful words and beautiful chorus as well.<br /><br />This album is maybe the one for starters into the world of the Alan Parsons Project. Go for it!!!!
B000001FK3|5.0|Actually, I am glad that Cale is not better known. I want to say to casual browsers reading the reviews &quot;If you hadnt' heard Cale play before, dont buy it!&quot;.Its like having a big secret that only a few share. I dont want more fans and publicity to make him a superstar. I want him to remain as he is - reclusive, releasing an album every few years, very low key.<BR>And its as much the man as his music - I mean, look at the principles he has - no publicity while any second rate self publicity would have jumped at 15 mins because of the quality and calbre of artistes who have covered or been influenced by him<BR>&quot;After Midnight&quot; <BR>? Chet Atkins, Maggie Bell, Eric Clapton, Jerry Garcia, Sergio Mendes, Bob Wilber Quintet. <br />&quot;Cajun Moon&quot; <BR>? Randy Crawford, Cissy Houston &amp; Herbie Mann, Maria Muldaur, Poco. <br />&quot;Call Me the Breeze&quot; <BR>? Allman Brothers Band, Bobby Bare, Johnny Cash, David Allen Coe, Lynyrd Skynyrd, Mason Proffit. <br />&quot;Cocaine&quot; <BR>? Eric Clapton, Nazareth. <br />&quot;Crazy Mama&quot; <BR>? The Band, Larry Carlton, Redbone, Johnny Rivers. <br />&quot;I Got the Same Old Blues&quot; <BR>? Captain Beefheart, Bobby &quot;Blue&quot; Bland, Bryan Ferry, Freddie King, Lynyrd Skynyrd. <br />&quot;Lies&quot; <BR>? Asha Putli. <br />&quot;Magnolia&quot; <BR>? Deep Purple, Jose Feliciano, Poco, Chris Smither, Pat Travers. <br />&quot;The Sensitive Kind&quot; <BR>? John Mayall, Santana. <br />&quot;Travelin' Light&quot; <BR>? Eric Clapton, Widespread Panic <br />Album wise<BR>Hey- this has Clyde (love that song)<BR>and Call Me the Breeze<BR>and Nowhere to Run<BR>and Crazy Mama<BR>and Magnolia<BR>and every other song<br />most of the time - listening to cales music makes me think of ripples on a pond, under the moonlight- find it irresistably visual as well as aural
B000002U82|5.0|DARK SIDE OF THE MOON was my first exposure to Pink Floyd, and I haven't forgotten the sense of discovery I felt listening to this band's slow rhythms and near-psychedelic atmosphere. The music of course is great. All of it is memorable, although my personal favorites are the fun-to-listen-to &quot;Money&quot; (its lyrics cleverly alluded to in the film version of THE WALL) and the moving anti-war song &quot;Us and Them.&quot; And that feeling of having come to the end of a long but worthwhile journey with Pink Floyd in the final song &quot;Eclipse&quot; is simply priceless. I don't know if this album on a whole has a deep meaning or theme of the kind that informed their magnum opus THE WALL, but it is frankly still fun to listen to even after hearing it many times. A rightful classic, highly recommended.
0440418569|2.0|(...)How can anyone be satisfied by the ending of this book? I've never been so annoyed. Having thouroughly enjoyed books 1 and 2 in this trilogy, depite finding Pullman's writing slightly long winded and hard work, I was preparing myself for an epic climax at the end of 'The Amber Spyglass'. It never happens. Little is resolved and i actually threw the book away from me in annoyance after reading the last page. Did i miss something? What about the whole Eve Situation? I was waiting for Lyra by tempted by Dr. Malone...but it never happened. Thus Dr Malone's role is rendered pointless, as much as i found her relationship with the mulefa interesting. I really dont understand how the book can lead up to the idea of a temptation, in which Lyra, we are told, will have the poweer of choosing the destiny of mankind and then it never happens...it can't be justified.<br />Whilst this is my main problem with the book, there are others. At the end of 'The Subtle Knife' we see how truly evil Mrs Coulter can be...but her character completely changes in this instalment. Are we supposed to forgive her when she sacrafices herself? My next problem is the battle against the Authority that the books have been leading up to. But the battle is an anti climax, we see very little of it and it is not even resolved at the end, Serafina Pekkala explains at the end how the war is continuing, and speaking of Serafina what was she up to throughout the entire book? We only see her at the beginning and the end brifly. The events in the World of the Dead also took far too long...I could go on. In brief, this is a very dissapointing finale to what was a promising trilogy, i hardly ever write reviews but i just had to express my annoyance really!The book is still worth reading, but it is nothing compared to the first two.
B00005JM4Z|2.0|The original FAST AND THE FURIOUS was brainless but reasonably entertaining, with a charismatic performance by Vin Diesel, a fairly interesting plot, and some very well-done action scenes. This inevitable sequel, starring Paul Walker (who played second fiddle to Diesel's character in the original) and Tyrese (as Diesel's &quot;replacement&quot;), hardly approaches the highs of the first film at all until the last 20 minutes or so, when 2 FAST 2 FURIOUS truly comes alive with a fun-to-watch car chase scene, some ingenuity, and some momentum. Until then, it's pretty mediocre, with a cookie-cutter plot, some wince-inducing dialogue (which tries way too hard to be &quot;cool&quot;), and bland car racing scenes. Thanks to Tyrese, who brings considerable energy and charisma to a badly underwritten but important role, it's still fairly watchable overall, but at least with THE FAST AND THE FURIOUS I wasn't annoyed with the dialogue and bored with the plot. Action fans can easily skip this one.
B0000AXE8I|1.0|This movie was very dissappointing.  The first one was good because it actually seemed like Neo was in some type of danger.  Now he flies around like superman, can frfeesze bulets with a wave of his hand and is just immortal.  The movie itself is very boring there is almost no fighting.  And when there is a fight Neo always just blows them away with a wave of his hand.  The only reason it got a star is because it's required.  All in all the movie SUCKS.  If your going to buy a movie but the original and thats the only good one in the series.
B00003CXPJ|4.0|I usually love to read the reviews of film critic Roger Ebert (of the Chicago Sun-Times of course), but his one-star review of ZOOLANDER is probably the silliest, least perceptive review of his I've read. From what I understand, he pretty much condemned the whole movie (despite humorous aspects that he at least recognized) based upon one small detail: the fact that the filmmakers made one of its characters the prime minister of Malaysia. He apparently found the fact that they actually named a real-life country &quot;offensive,&quot; and even said that this movie---or at least, that one detail---is proof of why a lot of foreign countries seem to hate us so much. Okay, in the context of his review he isn't totally without merit, but still, isn't that going a little too far, Mr. Ebert? (I could almost give him a pass on this rather trivial criticism b/c this movie was indeed released soon after 9/11 drastically shook up our country---but giving this funny movie only one measly star on the basis of that one tiny detail is kinda rash.)<br />Here is the real lowdown on ZOOLANDER: this movie is very funny, sometimes hilariously so. It's a silly comedy that still has a palpable intelligence underneath the surface stupidity. The idea, though---which originated as a sketch created for the 1996 VH1/Vogue Fashion Awards by writers Ben Stiller and Drake Sather---might not have been enough to sustain even an 89-minute film. ZOOLANDER makes its satirical points hilariously early on, but kinda runs out of steam towards the end---at the very least, I wasn't laughing quite as hard towards the end as I was for the first half of the movie. Still, its funny bits are so funny that this film is on its way to becoming a popular new classic...and the fact that a lot of people I know seem to love quoting from this movie is proof of that. (My personal favorite bit: the model building that our lamebrained hero condemns as a &quot;center for ants.&quot;)<br />In short, ZOOLANDER is hardly a great movie, but on its own terms it works very well. And no, I have not heard one complaint from those who have seen the movie about the Malaysia detail. It's so small and insignificant (and hardly emphasized by the filmmakers) that I'm surprised Mr. Ebert picked up on it at all, much less was bothered enough by it to spend nearly a whole review discussing it.
B0001V07ZQ|4.0|Amazon, what are you thinking?  $34 for this video???!  The 2-disc DVD Collector's set with many extras only costs $25.99.  What's up with that?  Cut the price in half and and make this excellent movie available at a more affordable (and reasonable) price!
B00004RFCM|5.0|i love the episodes of sex and the city, but i wish there were more of them on this dvd. there were only 12 episodes in this first season, while non-HBO shows have 22 or more episodes in a season. i just wished they made more!!! also, the day the package came in the mail the flimsly holder for the dvds broke, so I just hold them in regular disc-holders now. more durable cases, more episodes!!!
0441009425|4.0|I was highly pleased when I finished reading 'Revelation Space' - not blown away, but very happy I took the time to read through this.<br />Many reviewers pointed out flat characters and a messy storyline. Maybe I've read more than my share of bad SF, but I found it was the case on neither account. The characters of Sylveste, Pascale, Khouri and Volyova can never truly be assigned a stereotype, and they sometimes acted in irrational ways that I found perfectly consistent with their backgrounds. The story does take time to evolve, but when it does, it poses a clever and interesting enigma that is satisfactorly unravelled at the end.<br />Storytelling-wise, this is not an earth-shattering novel; but it's a fine yarn. It reminded me of Clark's 'Rendezvous with Rama', in that much of the suspense and interest of the story lies in a mysterious alien artifact. This artifact generates a genuine sense of wonder and satisfaction at the originality of the concept.<br />Throughout the novel, Reynolds has sewn incredible concepts of far-future technology. These are too numerous to recount, but the descriptions of the strange life aboard the ship Nostalgia for Infinity was very satisfying in a 'Golden Age of SF' sense. Also of great interest are the (rare) aliens that populate Reynolds' universe: their evolution, motives and forms are quite refreshing and truly alien.<br />It might be a mistake to pick up this book hoping for a strong character-driven story. The characters are stronger than most SF novels, but they DO act in ways that further the plot instead of making absolute sense. But if you're interested in a genuinely original take on the future of mankind, as well as a thought-provoking reflection on life in the Universe, you could do much worse than pick up this book.
0345347951|1.0|Being forced to read this book, I thought it stank. I mean, who wants to read a book about aliens, opps i mean Overlords, taking over the earth and turning the children into robots who cannot think for themselves. A lot the the book was confusing and just weird to read. The indivisuaily of the Overlords and the children is taken away. You can't tell one Overords from another and the children have no human capabilities. They aren't even human anymore don't get to lead a normal life. And the fact that Clarke is questioning Christianity is just wrong. You can't write a book that goes against one faith. Why didn't Clarke write about Buddism or something else?
B000002UJQ|1.0|This is boring crap, go buy Hendrix or Iron Maiden!
B000003Z4C|5.0|Once in a blue moon, I feel absolutely compelled to review an album, simply because it has recently absolutely blown my mind.  This is one such record.  As much as I love the Birthday Party, and several other Cave output, this may be the single greatest album that I've heard with his name attached.  &quot;Nobody's Baby Now&quot; is so good it almost hurts, and I don't care who the hell has covered &quot;Loverman&quot; (including Metallica), there's no topping the version included herein.  Once you add in masterpieces like &quot;Do You Love Me&quot; and &quot;Thirsty Dog,&quot; along with the supernal &quot;Red Right Hand,&quot; there is barely a chance of topping this record.  In terms of consistency alone, it's one of the greatest albums I've ever heard.  If you have any curiousity about the work of Cave, with the BP or the BS, you absolutely MUST check this album out first.  If ever there was a record that will lead you to pursue other records in an artist's catalogue, this is the one.  Simply put, this is brilliant beyond words.  I've studied the holy books, and this album will put you closer to &quot;the truth&quot; than most of them.
B00008EY9G|5.0|this movie is very clever it take a gory horror movie and gives it a plot that is not stupid which dose not happen every day. The acting is great John Cusack was amazing and it had lots of twizs which I like in movies I recomend this movie because it acutally has a interesting plot.
B0000C9ZLD|4.0|By starting one of those everything-old-is-new-again revolutions, The Strokes became icons and the poster children for a broad style of music. Drawing inspiration from some of the greatest bands never heard of by the mass public (the Velvet Underground, Television) and wearing clothes that went out of style during those bands heyday brought these five New Yorkers the type of fame that can allow for both popular and underground accords. Right now is a dangerous time for such a young promising band, not because they need to stay in the limelight or try to become super popular (these were never goals), but because they need to make a second album on par with their first. For the most part, they succeed.<BR>Listening to Room on Fire is kind of like listening to Is This It, and that's a good thing. Good old Julian Casablancas is back, still sounding like he's singing into a low-wattage megaphone over a pay phone across the Atlantic and into a microphone in a studio somewhere in New York. Albert Hammond Jr. and Nick Valensi are still in love with their consistent, relentless melodies and Nikolai Fraiture keeps his bass pumping. Drummer Fab Moretti is arguably one of the more talented members in the group, and his drums often outshine Hammond's solos.<BR>Casablancas is still confused and aware, involved in relationships that don't work. There seems to be a theme of loneliness and pessimism in his lyrics, offering up lines like \\"I'm sick of you and that's the way it is,\\" \\"I'm not your friend/I never was,\\" and \\"Don't sing along with me,\\" all from different songs. It may be a change in his demeanor after having to deal with the fame factor, or a natural outlook on life coming from a 23 year old New Yorker.<BR>There are some notable changes this time around though, and they show that the band is still working hard to stay ahead of the pack. The warm, synth-guitars on \\"12:51\\" and \\"The End Has No End\\" are obvious new wave influences. There is also a song, \\"Under Control,\\" on which Casablancas actually sings (rather than the usual kind-of-talking-singing Lou Reed vocals) and it works, probably because he was drunk when they recorded it. He stretches out some syllables, tries to hit the high notes, and sounds like he's genuinely tired and inebriated. They piece it all together, and it comes out sounding new and old at the same time, not unlike their first album. <BR> Oh now he is getting married. Whaaa?
B00013RC9I|5.0|Well, I don't know what it was about this album. Around the start of the year I was sitting at home, putting off studying again, and I remembered that AIR had a new album out. Without thinking I drove in my car to the nearest CD store, and bought it, all without hearing a single track. I had this sense that this album would be special. When I got home, I put it on... and what I heard confirmed my intuition.<br />This album is great because it takes a feeling or mood and sustains it over the whole CD. Every track has a different feel, but it's the emotion that gets me - lovely, beautiful, wistful, yearning emotions that pervade every track. <br />You know, when it comes down to it, I don't like to think too much about music. In the end, what's important is how music makes you feel. Air's &quot;Walkie Talkie&quot; makes me feel and puts me in a mood; that sighing longing for love, that autumnal feeling of sadness, melancholy and bliss that only a few bands have the magical ability to do. <br />I could point out standout tracks, but I would say get the CD, listen to it as a whole and let it unfold.  Instrumentals that create atmosphere, songs that sing of love. You can create your own movie in your mind, with you as the star! Lay back on the bean bag with the headphones on!<br />Delicate, tasteful music is so hard to come by - get this album and clutch it to your chest, hold it close to your heart, share it with a loved one or listen to it with your inner child.
B0000AQVCL|1.0|All of those positive reviews for this crap compare it to &quot;good rock&quot; and &quot;classic rock like AC/DC&quot; as if the two phrases werent as far from each other as possible. Which they are. So please kill yourself if you like this band. I'm just kidding! Seriously though, why would anyone find any appeal here? Because they sound like a joke band, maybe Jimmy Fallon playing sing along and dress up on SNL? I mean, they are on VH1 so they have got to be great! I usually dont ever do negative reviews because who wants to waste time dwelling on the negative? Well, I suppose I do. So there. Turn your head and look away. Please dont listen here. You are better than this. You really are. Nobody should do this to themselves. Isnt this the music they torture Iraqi prisoners with in Abu Ghraib?
0312995423|3.0|DAN BROWN = FORMULA TRASH!<BR>Don't take any of it seriously. His novels have absolutely nothing new or interesting in the way of religion, computer programming, philosophy, characterization, and novel construction, so why can't I stop reading the damn things.<BR>Simply put they're comics written out in pros. Fast paced, \\"meanwhile back at the ranch\\" old-fashioned western page-turners that grab the reader and run. So for a quick, entertaining summer read do check out this lightest of lightweights, don't take any of it seriously and have a fun.<BR>Digital Fortress is the best/worst of the lot. So full of inaccuracies about computer programming as to be laughable and cardboard characters to boot, but at least with no pretensions of theological philosophy like Code or A&amp;D, it moves like a bullet.<BR>It's fun and less bad for you than junk food so give it a try.
B00008O31H|4.0|Yeah. Im just randomly writing reviews of albums i own. I live like 50 minutes from Akron, the home of these dudes. I love the raw dirty sound here (called Medium Fi or something and produced by the drummer) and also the sound of Dans voice. He has a way with pronunciating that makes it seeem like he's saying things in a weird way when he really isnt. Anyhoo, its the music that gets to you- Blues Punk, not like the White Stripes (who i love) but dirtier grittier and RAW
B00004TH7Z|5.0|First they did it with Seventh Son Of A Seventh Son from 1988.. and later with Brave New World from 2000.<BR>I like all Maiden albums, even Virtual XI and No Prayer For The Dying.. all of them have something good, some more some less, but theres No I.M album I totally dislikes.<BR>But even if they havent made anything real bad in my opinion I must say that this Brave New World was some sort of &quot;comeback&quot;. <BR>Compare the albums from the 80s with them from the 90s, theres big differences in the quality.. and when they finally made an album that I can compare with them from the 80s and even say its better than most of them, than its a real great &quot;comeback&quot;.<BR>Now they have released Dance Of Death too which is also very good, but not like Brave New World.<BR>Personally I think that Blaze Bayley is an average singer, so much of it has to do with the fact that Bruce Dickinson was back.. <BR>But thats not really the whole truth, they did two albums in the beginning of the 90s which was not better than Blazes.. <BR>Personally I think X-Factor with Blaze from 1995 is their best on the 90s.<BR>Brave New World is a very complete album.. not so many hits but very complete from beginning to end.<BR>&quot;Blood Brothers&quot; is a beautiful song and the title track have a weak simple chorus but the verses and the rest of the song is real good.<BR>What I really like with the album and at the same time dislike is the choruses... they are good, very good and so but theyre taking too much time on the album, repeat over and over again in some songs.. not through the whole songs, but still too much.<BR>The guitars playing good and everything is fine here, Bruce is 42years old on this album but still a great singer. The drums from Nicko sounds great... its not much I can say that is negative, but as you probably understand now, this is the best album on the new millenium imo.<br />Masterpiece!
B000089RVX|5.0|Evanescence's debut album &quot;Fallen&quot; is the greatest debut since Flaw's &quot;Through the Eyes&quot;. With the amazing vocals of Amy Lee, the sick guitar playing of Ben Moody, and the rest of the band, this album and band are off the hook. If you don't like Evanescence, you've got something wrong with you. The riffs are amazing, and overall, this is one of the greatest albums of all time. My favorits songs are Taking Over Me, My Last Breath, &amp; Haunted.<br />1. Going Under  5/5<br />2. Bring Me To Life  5/5<br />3. Everybody's Fool  5/5<br />4. My Immortal  5/5<br />5. Haunted  5/5<br />6. Tourniquet  5/5<br />7. Imaginary  5/5<br />8. Taking Over Me  5/5<br />9. Hello  4/5<br />10. My Last Breath  5/5<br />11. Whisper  5/5
B000063DI9|5.0|This was their best album overall when it was released, the most complete and also the best individuall songs.<BR>The singer Bruce Dickinson have never been better than here, singing totally perfect through every song.<BR>Maiden is a group so Dickinson isnt the whole music, but its true that hes voice lifts up the songs.. they would not be the same without him.<BR>&quot;Somewhere In Time&quot; may have better guitar solos or &quot;Powerslave&quot; may have better riffs but this album is totally their most perfect work together with the newer &quot;Brave New World&quot;.<BR>Now you understand why I choosed the title &quot;Maiden reach their limit for the First time&quot;.. they have done it again with &quot;Brave New World&quot; from 2000, but this was the first time they played so good that it couldnt be better.<BR>Moonchild starts the album with some cool synths and the tempo is high and the atmosphere is great, and a great underrated guitar solo too.<BR>The second song is &quot;Infinite Dreams&quot; which have the best beginning ive ever heard from Maiden.. im talking about the first verses and the chorus which is the best part of the album.<BR>I dont like the instrumental middle part soo much but its okay.. the song would be better if they made one more chorus, its only two choruses, one in the beginning and one in the end.<BR>&quot;Can I Play With Madness&quot; have a great chorus but its the verses is not good.<BR>&quot;The Evil That Men Do&quot; is another song with a great atmosphere and the solo is good but too short..<BR>The title track is almost 10minute with verses the first half and an instrumental part the second half.<BR>&quot;The Prophecy&quot; is underrated and one of my absolute favourite songs with I.M<BR>The album ends with &quot;Clairvoyant&quot; and &quot;Only the good die young&quot;, fantastic atmospheres in the verses but not so extremly good guitar solos.<BR>The sound on the album is dark, darker than all other Maiden albums, except Can I Play With Madness which is more a &quot;happy&quot; sound.. and with great (you guessed it) atmosphere in all songs<br />I cant get tired of this album
0385721234|5.0|besides the excellent recipes wholly printed in the book version, here is my review of the movie, which is not as detailed nor able to be prolonged but is true to the book (unlike other movie versions of books in which some stuff is changed):<br />after you watch this movie, you will either want to eat, cook (preferably one of the mentioned recipes), make love or all three! i saw the version dubbed in spanish, and also read 3 selected chapters from the book, for spanish class. it's a work of art and genius, and it must be watched all the way through without stopping. the characters are excellently portrayed, and it combines love, feminism, drama, sensuality, lust, hope, passion, and humour, topped with cultural tradition and folklore. i don't know which one is better, the book or the movie. all of the 5 senses are provoked on a deep and perhaps even primal level, especially taste and smell, feverishly yearning for a sum greater than their overall parts (gestalt) - which brings up the sixth sense, intuition.
B00005RFAI|4.0|This album is 100% better than her first one. This one has better tracks such as 'family Portrait' that is personal and lovely. 'Get the party started' is incredibly catchy and a great dance song. 'R.E.S.P.E.C.T' is  a really cool song that has a good beat about it. I love all the songs on P!nk's albuma nd think that she is an talented singer that just does not care about what other people think about her!!! I think that her voice is.... fab!!! I am so happy she was discovered as a artist because i would hate to think of her as a undiscovered talent that only sings at talent shows and in her bedroom!!
0440539811|4.0|This is a hard book to get started on.  When I first started reading this book I got a hundred pages into it and set it down for 6 months.  I did this two more times.  After about 2 years, I was in between jobs and had enough time to devote myself to reading it.  Reading this book is like looking at Finnegen's Wake for the first time.  It is a good book that needs time, patience and a little understaning.  Treat it like a new puppy and you will watch it grow up in front of your eyes.  There are many drug and sexual references in it but they are to be taken light heartedly.
B000066NW0|5.0|For a first album Avril Lavigne's must be hard to beat!!!!! Track one 'Losing Grip' is incredibly rocky and all in all Fab!!! 'Complacated' is a track that is cool and calm (ish!). What can i say about 'Sk8er Boi'? Every person in my village knows about it!! It is a cool anthem that is sung by me alot!!!! 'I'm with you' is an awesome song that has some very good vocals by Avril in it. 'Mobile' is in a alot of films that i have seen because it is incredibly mature for a girl of 17!!! 'Too much to ask' is a faboulous song that i love. So Avril? <BR>Please release all the tracks off this as singles!!!
B00005J79H|3.0|When MTV was releasing the MTV Unplugged albums,  I dreamed about the day when Scorpions could have their own acoustic album.  With so many great acoustic songs, they could have easily filled an entire set with songs like &quot;When the Smoke Is Going Down&quot;, &quot;Born to Touch Your Feelings&quot;, &quot;Lonely Nights&quot;, &quot;When You Came Into My Life&quot;, &quot;Under the Same Sun&quot;, and many, many more.  Unfortunately, many of these songs aforementioned songs never made it onto Acoustica...instead Scorpions played several cover songs, which was not necessary since Scorpions have plenty of their own material to play.  Nirvana just did not have enough material of their own to create an entire set of fully acoustic numbers, but those songs they covered worked well (if not even sounding better than the originals!).  Like with Moment of Glory, some songs work well with an orchestra or fully acoustic set, and some songs don't.  Harder songs like Rock You Like A Hurricane and Catch Your Train just don't work very well without the electricity and amps.  &quot;Catch Your Train&quot; was (at first) pleasing to see that they pulled out this old classic, but it was &quot;honkey-tonkey-fied&quot; and sounds HORRIBLE.<br />Some of the songs like &quot;Holiday&quot; and &quot;Send Me An Angel&quot; were changed, which was somewhat interesting, but not particularly memorable.<br />This album had plenty of potential, but I feel that it did not come off nearly as well as it could have.  With the large repertoire of songs at their disposal, Scorpions could have easily created a two hour set of beautiful acoustic melodies.  Instead, what was sadly put out is one of the least memorable Scorpions albums.  I have been listening to Unbreakable nearly non-stop for the past several weeks since its release, yet I have barely listened to Acoustica in the three years I've had the album.  Live albums such as World Wide Live and Tokyo Tapes present Scorpions in a much better light in what they are capable live, as one of the best live acts ever.
B0001UL7RY|5.0|This cd is great.  I love Avril's music.  It touches me so much.  She has a great voice and a extremely great lyrical talent.
B0001HAHXW|5.0|To the people who are absolutely tearing this album apart, saying that EC is not trying or is too laid back or didn't play this whole album by himself, you're being a little narrow-minded. Listen, this is Eric Clapton's favorite musician's work he is trying to do. He is trying to be very respectful to the Robert Johnson while, at the same time, trying to do it so that he sounds like Eric Clapton. Robert Johnson's work is typically laid-back, so Eric's tribute album will generally have the same vibe. Doing the whole album with just an acoustic guitar would be too reverential, in my opinion. Eric is also getting older. Do you people honestly think he is going to be the rip-snortin' guitar god all the time? No, he will be that guitar god a lot but he will also do deliciously played stuff like he played on &quot;Unplugged&quot; or this new cd. This album is not the greatest masterpiece of all-time, but it is a good one that keeps me happy and makes me respect Robert Johnson even more. For that, I am going to give it 5 stars. That and to hopefully offset a 1 star review that came from someone who thinks that all blues records should sound like they were recorded through a tape recorder.
B0001UL7RY|5.0|In her sophomore release, Avril has truly bared her soul and her feelings. She went from her neck-tie, wrist cuff, skater girl image to her deeper, punk style that definitely shows she has matured. A lot of the tracks on \\"Under My Skin\\" are darker and not quite as peppy as her former record, \\"Let Go.\\" Songs such as \\"Take Me Away\\", \\"Together\\", and \\"Forgotten\\" bring a darker, more emotional deliverance to the listener, while songs like \\"Don't Tell Me\\", \\"He Wasn't\\", and \\"Freak Out\\" still have that quirky pop sound. Her songs have really changed since her first two hit singles \\"Complicated\\" and \\"SK8eR Boi.\\" Avril has a little help with her songwriting this time from Chantal Kreviazuk (a fellow Canadian performer) and Ben Moody (previously from Evanescence). Also, one of the band members and her best friend, Evan Taubenfeld, helped create exploding guitar riffs and eerily sensational, hardcore rock. Avril's change in style and music style has clearly made this CD a winner and a must buy!
B00008H2LB|4.0|Before I really get started, I would like to make it known that the sixth track on this album, titled `Easier to Run', is THE GREATEST song on any LINKIN PARK album.  As far as I'm concerned, THIS song is everything \\"Crawling\\" wanted to be.<br />I got this a week after it came out in May of 2003.  I used to like it a lot more, enough for 5 stars, but now it's kinda lost a little of it's `shine', so to speak.  More to the point, the songs that annoy me are `From the Inside', `Figure .09', `Numb', and... I think that's all.  These tracks are just sorta empty and soul-less.  There not very memorable, hence the 4 stars.  The rest of the tracks are all great, but the following are my:<br />TOP PICKS!!!!!<br /> - `Lying From You' - the fourth single, I believe.  A very strong track with GREAT vocal melody from Chester and, as usual, venomously smooth rapping from Mr. Shinoda.  A STRONG highlight track off the album.  Interesting samples at the beginning, leading into the massive, pounding riff that beats the frikin pants off your grandma.  Again, the rapping is awesome, some of the best of LP's career.<br /> - `Easier to Run' - Best song by LP.  Strongly in the vein of `Crawling', but this captures the emotional depth of it's message PERFECTLY.  The singing is PERFECT, the soft riff is PERFECT, everything just fits this song's mood with absolute PERFECTION.  `Crawling' was an INCREDIBLY overrated song, in the same way this song is incredibly under-appreciated.  This is ten times the song `Crawling' ever was.  In my opinion.  There's incredibly drumming as well.<br /> - `Don't Stay' - Probably my second favorite off the album.  HUGE riff, loud'n'heavy, just how we like it.  Chester's voice truly shines on this song, going from strong vocals to hectic screams that set the tone for the entire album.  Not much rapping, which is just as well, as I've always thought Chester's voice should get mainstage a bit more often.  A great opening track, sets the whole album's pace brilliantly.<br /> - `Nobody's Listening' - This... this rocks.  A mainly rap track, with a Japanese flute sample beneath Mike's insane raps, moving the song smoothly and quickly along and giving the song a strongly `hip-hop' edge.  The chorus has Chester almost-screaming an AWESOME hook, with the guitars few but heavy.  A great combination of elements, bringing this song together and becoming one of the catchiest of LP's career.<br />The rest of the album is really great, except for the tracks that suck, which I covered earlier.  Worth your $, and this is a very worth addition to the lovely, dark, scary, beautiful world of all that is LINKIN PARK.  And by the way, if you really suck, then you won't like this album, and you should probably go listen to some REAL music.  Whatever THAT is.  4 stars.y.<BR> - `Nobody's Listening' - This... this rocks.  A mainly rap track, with a Japanese flute sample beneath Mike's insane raps, moving the song smoothly and quickly along and giving the song a strongly `hip-hop' edge.  The chorus has Chester almost-screaming an AWESOME hook, with the guitars few but heavy.  A great combination of elements, bringing this song together and becoming one of the catchiest of LP's career.<br />The rest of the album is really great, except for the tracks that suck, which I covered earlier.  Worth your $, and this is a very worth addition to the lovely, dark, scary, beautiful world of all that is LINKIN PARK.  And by the way, if you really suck, then you won't like this album, and you should probably go listen to some REAL music.  Whatever THAT is.  4 stars.
B00003CXE7|5.0|I have watched this movie everyweek clips from it everyday and i know the script by heart.<br />you need to own this and the gladiator music cds.<br />alan<BR>[...]
B0001NBMBC|4.0|This album is o.k., but after all the hype over them coming back I have to say I'm a little disappointed. There are a few classic Slipknot moments on here but mostly they expiriment with different things, producing varying amounts of quality. One of the first things I noticed was the European elements they try to encorporate on this album. They can pull it off occasionally, but for the most part they end up sounding like a worse version of what their trying to encorporate. The two things I really didn't like about this album were Corey Taylor and the acoustic songs.  Corey Taylor lacks an intensity he had on the past two album and just dosen't isn't as good as he was on the others. Guess it's hard to find stuff to be angry about when you're rich. The acoustic songs are horrible, Slipknot just sucks at playing acoustic, no other way around it. Overall, this is a decent but not great album. 3 stars for the album itself and 1 star for daring to do something different.
0679735909|5.0|Having read a collection of short stories by A.S. Byatt, I was already a fan.  However, it was for the work of director Neil Labute that I went to see the movie, &quot;Possession&quot;, and only then did I realize it was based on what is purported to be Byatt's most important work.  I wondered what could make LaBute leave his sardonic field of original screenwriting and adapt this book to a screenplay...and I must say, with some sadness, that his film was only adequate.  However, as he must have, I found the plot was truly unique and the concept of possession so interwoven in each character, amazing.  And then, the relationship between the two 19th century poets was so moving, I decided to tackle the novel.<br />It is exquisite.<br />First, Byatt, somewhat tongue-in-cheek, discards the concept of a &quot;novel&quot; and subtitles it, &quot;A Romance&quot;.  Whether she realized it or not, this would result in many &quot;romance novel&quot; readers trying to tackle her 1990 masterpiece, only to discard it as &quot;too long and boring&quot;.  But Byatt persisted in the classification of a &quot;romance&quot;  after taking the meaning of the prose of Nathaniel Hawthorne, who wrote:<br />&quot;When a writer calls his work a Romance....while as a work of art, it must rigidly subject itself to laws, and while it sins unpardonably so far as it may swerve aside from the truth of the human heart -- has fairly a right to present that under circumstances, to a great extent, of the writer's own choosing.&quot;<br />Here, Byatt boldly invents two 19th century writers. Stunningly, she juxtaposes their existence with real writers of the period...Lord Tennyson, Goethe, Wordsworth, Christina Rossetti, Crabb Robinson, etc.  She creates long passages of their work, both prose and poetry (some of it epic) and their letters to each other.  It is if she gets inside of their heads and has written, disembodied, as each in the language and the culture of the times.  Moreover, she instills their work with passages that clarify what was the mystery of their romance.  Passages that only become clear when modern day scholars discover the romance, and can attribute the commonality and beauty in each of their works to their love for one another.  Most readers will assume that Randolph Henry Ash and Christabel LaMotte, really existed, and will only realize they are fictional after checking search engines carefully!<br />Many others have outlined the plotting here - the parallel story of two modern-day scholars following an inexact trail of evidence they unearth, to document a love story that takes the literary world by storm.  Both the modern day and the Victorian romance are between participants (Maud and Roland in this century, Ash and Christabel in the 19th) who are somewhat aloof from the world, imbued by their studies and crafts, and content with solitary existences...almost afraid to give themselves to another in a relationship.  Byatt skillfully uses dialogue, the content of letters and poems, and symbolism...the dissection of sea creatures by Ash on his journeys, the stark yearning for the &quot;solitary, empty white bed&quot; that Maud and Roland both desire.<br />The very creation of this work, which won the UK's Booker prize in 1990, and the lasting regard with which it is held, will make it a classic.  So, too, will the richness of Byatt's writing and research, and the thrill of the mystery that surrounds Ash and Christabel...and how it is finally solved by the modern day seekers.  It is compelling in its second half, beautiful, though somewhat difficult to read in its first.  If you must skim the letters and poems in your first read, be sure to read them carefully when you finally pick up the book again (and you will!) because elements of mystery, relationship, manners and morals will all reveal themselves to you, enhancing the story.  Think, too, on the layers and layers of &quot;possession&quot; or obsessiveness that are shown by both major and well-sketched minor characters in both time periods of the book.<br />A timeless book, with some sardonic wit that pokes fun at academic society, the somewhat boorish mannerisms of Americans abroad,  and the clash between the world and the feminist movement...this is a gem, to be treasured and kept on bookshelves forever.<br />Highly recommended for serious readers.nd well-sketched minor characters in both time periods of the book.  <br />A timeless book, with some sardonic wit that pokes fun at academic society, the somewhat boorish mannerisms of Americans abroad,  and the clash between the world and the feminist movement...this is a gem, to be treasured and kept on bookshelves forever.<br />Highly recommended for serious readers.
B00018D44U|5.0|listening to this gifted artist the grand daughter of ravi shankar makes me go in to raptures of delight.this has to be one of the best releases of 2003 without any reasonable doubt.very highly recommended.five stars.
B000002KHF|5.0|It's not as complex, beautiful and enigmatic as &quot;Astral Weeks&quot; and it's not as much of a soulful, one-two-punch workout as &quot;Blowin' Your Mind,&quot; but for sheer, consistent, horn-driven happiness, you can't do much better than &quot;Moondance.&quot;<br />But because of my affection for those other two disks, I admit, I generally tend to underrate this album. But &quot;Moondance&quot; keeps coming back to me in the most unexpected ways at the most unexpected times: I'll hear &quot;Caravan&quot; in &quot;The Last Waltz,&quot; or &quot;Everyone&quot; at the end of &quot;The Royal Tenenbaums&quot; or &quot;Glad Tidings&quot; three times in the &quot;Sopranos&quot; Season 5 finale, or notice &quot;Into the Mystic&quot; on the PA at the grocery store and be reminded that I need to let it out to play more often.  That's the sign of a truly great musical work.
B0000027RL|5.0|this was undoubdtedly their best album which was also their debut.this cd contains some of my favourite songs like evenflow,jeremy and alive.highly recommended.an alternative rock classic
B0000TB01Y|5.0|I bought this cd before I even saw the show on broadway. I heard Idina Menzel was in it so i had to get it! As soon as i started listening to the songs i fell in love with Wicked. The singers are absolutely fanastic, Kristin Chenoweth(Glinda)is so lovable and talented, and Idina Menzel(Elphaba aka the Wicked Witch of the West) is an absolute powerhouse and is just sooo amazing!. Wicked is sensational. I higly recommend you listen to this, or see the show on broadway. I got to see it twice and if I could, I would see it a thousand times.
B000002UAO|5.0|one of my favourite beatles albums containg such gems as michelle and norwegian wood.disregard the one star reviews and buy this cd.
B00005JLR8|3.0|Everyone else seems to love this movie, but it just didn't do much for me (or my wife).  The two little girls are captivating, but everyone else left us cold. The acting seemed over-the-top, while the storyline just lumbered along. The scene where Johnny and Mateo get in each other's faces came across as some of the worst overacting I've ever seen.<br />Maybe to fully appreciate this movie you have to have lost a child, or experienced some other great tragedy. But I thought it was kind of flat and in places tedious.  Not the worst movie I've seen lately, but far from the best. I'd recommend &quot;Whale Rider&quot; over this, any day.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|a great alternative rock album featuring the great tom morello and excellent songs like guerrila radio and calm like a bomb.very highly recommended.
B00004R99R|3.0|Hercules is a total knockout - for the first half of the movie.  The second half falls flat.  Hercules has one of the best animated film scores ever.  To promote the film, Disney had a traveling &quot;troupe&quot; of singers in Greek costume perform at malls around the country.  The executives apparently even appreciated the incredibly orignal gospel-style songs with witty and joyful lyrics.  The rollicking songs get a big &quot;Amen!&quot;  The fabulous Muses are wonderful creations.<br />The story involves Hercules as an awkward boy trying to fit in with the humans who have adopted him.  After he inadvertently causes a disaster at the marketplace, Herc strikes out on his own, and is shocked to discover his Mt. Olympus heritage.  Megara, the female romantic interest, is not very likeable as a fallen woman redeemed by love.  You feel Herc deserves better.<br />Since Aladdin, Disney has used celebrities as character voices.  Hercules in particular benefits from this, with James Woods ad libbing hilariously as Hades, lord of the underworld, and Danny DeVito, who brings heart and laughs as &quot;Phil&quot; the Satyr.
B0001NBMBC|5.0|I can't believe you people. Slipknot is definitely still good, and has come no where close to selling out. They broke the mold, and it's still lying in pieces on the floor. Slipknot is NOT heading in the direction of Metallica. Just because they don't scream,(...)  doesn't mean that they suck. And just because they decided to pull an acoustic song, doesn't mean that they've gone soft. It's plenty easy to be acoustic and heavy at the same time. Go buy Hangover Music, BLS's new album, if you don't know what I'm talking about. You, Mr. Radio-Friendly, seem to be the type of Nu-Metal kid you speak of. Slipknot still has an excellent drummer, super guitar lines, and overwhelming lyrics. And if Slipknot sucks so much, why did you even bother buying the album?? Oh, and by the way, Radio-Friendly, I love your astounding grammar. Have a good time at college?
0920668372|1.0|I had to put this book away halfway through. It was just a disgusting piece of bad fiction.<br />The story starts off nicely, and the song the mother sings her son is cute, but then it gets real creepy.<BR>Do people realise there are horror movies about this topic? Misery? Psycho? Would you show your children these movies, to show them how to show their love to people?<br />Really. This is a sick, sick story disguised as a charming and endearing children's tale. <BR>Let me tell you - it's not.
0553801546|5.0|this book was my favorite of all these books (farseer, mad ship, and tawny man)!  maybe because for once, good things happened to fitz.  I still cried during parts, but I was very happy with how hobb tied things together that I had never even considered before. I sincerely hope that she will continue some of the characters into later novels, as the fool has always been my favorite character and I would love to know more about him.
B00028HBKM|3.0|This is probably a very unpopular opinion but I believe \\"The Last Temptation of Christ\\" had more \\"Passion\\" in it than this film. Yes, this movie was very realistic in the portrayal of the time in which Jesus would have lived and it follows certain scriptures very closely but it didn't compel me to become more religious. \\"Last Temptation..\\" made me want to read the Bible more and research religion further. \\"Last Temptation...\\" didn't follow the scripture all that closely but showed what Jesus as a man would have had to gone through...even though this in to itself is pretty blasphamous. \\"The Passion\\" is basically an extremely violent and bloody retelling of the last hours of Christ, which is how it should be shown... although is it something that really needs to be shown? For aetheists or agnosticts I don't believe this movie is going to make them believe anymore than they would have before. For Christian's it could either be uplifting or an extremely depressing couple of hours. I saw a showing with a friend's church group and at the end I saw an elderly lady with her head down just sobbing...there is nothing really happy or redeeming in this movie. The biggest fault of the movie is not going more deeply into the reserrected Jesus story, the movie would have been a tad less depressing if it went into that story more instead of having the audience sit through about 2 hours of ultraviolence.<BR>If anyone has seen any of Mel Gibson's films they would know that Mel Gibson is no stranger to violence. In this movie it is no different. It would have been nice to to see Mel try something other than violence to run the story along. It can be said that a person may feel more appreciation toward Christ after viewing this movie but personally I felt the violence bogged the movie down. It seems that Mel Gibson uses violence as a way of getting his movies noticed, with a movie of this subject I don't believe he needed it...not that I oppose of violence in films. I don't believe this is the best movie about Jesus, I would have to say \\"Last Temptation of Christ\\" is more psychological and therefore a better movie. Scorsese was more imaginative with his movie and didn't depend on violence in making his point. Both are very personal movies for the directors but \\"The Passion\\" is just not as spiritually redeeming as \\"Last Temptation of Christ\\". I would recommend \\"Last Temptation of Christ\\" over \\"The Passion of the Christ\\" to anyone who wants to be spiritually inspired.
0385336810|1.0|Cannot believe the rave reviews from critics and readers!  Were we reading the same book?  Er, um, what were they thinking?  I, er, got into counting the &quot;ers,&quot; &quot;ums,&quot; and even the &quot;erms&quot; prefacing every Emma-thought and statement.  Overall, a boring and um, shallow read.
B000002UAR|5.0|It is hard to believe that back in the day anything better could have followed &quot;Rubber Soul.&quot;  Well not only did it, but in less than a year, and by the same band!  &quot;Taxman&quot; starts off this set and its a good start.  Ringo is relentless on drums and the guitars are frantic, especially Pauls'---not George's lead.  Many people later said when George wrote &quot;Something&quot; he was the equal songwriter of Lennon and McCartney.  I disagree.  I believe at the time of this disc he was and he proved it here.  &quot;Eleanor Rigby&quot; is a haunting McCartney tune.  The string section, reminiscent of Bernard Hermann's work with Alfred Hitchcock is very fitting for Paul's stark, dark piece.  Also, on this disc, Paul noticeably raised his game to a whole new level as well.  &quot;I'm Only Sleeping&quot; is John's tribute to his love of nod.  A good song but pales in comparison to the two previous pieces.  &quot;Love You To&quot; is George's second song and it's very much underrated.  As opposed to his later Indian ragas, this one has a good tune and good words.  &quot;Here There and Everywhere&quot; is a gem.  It is just a superb song from McCartney---without the schmaltz.  Excellent harmonies, nimble guitar work and nice feeling from Ringo on drums here make this song one of the best in The Beatles cannon.  Up next is Ringo's &quot;Yellow Submarine,&quot; and while easily dismissive, is an excellent choice for Ringo as he's usually given a countrish song to sing.  With the variety on this disc, the change is very welcome.  &quot;She Said, She Said&quot; features drug-influenced wordplay from John.  The interesting thing for me in this song is the interplay between the stinging guitars which stand out, that and the excellent spastic drumming.  Paul comes through next with &quot;Good Day Sunshine.&quot;  A happy singalong song as you might find from Paul.  Good beat, good tune.  The no-frills, straight ahead, take no-prisoners &quot;And Your Bird Can Sing&quot; is next.  Befuddling lyrics (or are they?) and good guitar work from the boys make it a choice cut.  Simply, Pauls' &quot;For No One&quot; is one of the best song's he's written (or sung for that matter).  The use of the French Horn was just inspired.  &quot;Doctor Robert&quot; is John's ode to a notorious physician.  While not as distinguished as other tracks on here, the cutting in the lyrics is worth its placement.  &quot;I Want To Tell You&quot; is George's third opus on this disc.  It's got a good beat, good harmonies, but its easily the least significant of his three songs.  &quot;Got To Get You Into My Life&quot; has Paul doing his soul thing and with his voice he's able to carry it off.  Abley assisted by the horns, it adds even more versatility to the disc.  The finale---&quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot; admittedly never did anything for me.  Other people love it.  It's John playing wierd for all he's worth.  But the song really doesn't go anywhere or do anything.<br />Many people think this is The Beatles best disc because of the wide variety of styles (while still retaining commercial sensibility) and total lack of filler.ing&quot; is next.  Befuddling lyrics (or are they?) and good guitar work from the boys make it a choice cut.  Simply, Pauls' &quot;For No One&quot; is one of the best song's he's written (or sung for that matter).  The use of the French Horn was just inspired.  &quot;Doctor Robert&quot; is John's ode to a notorious physician.  While not as distinguished as other tracks on here, the cutting in the lyrics is worth its placement.  &quot;I Want To Tell You&quot; is George's third opus on this disc.  It's got a good beat, good harmonies, but its easily the least significant of his three songs.  &quot;Got To Get You Into My Life&quot; has Paul doing his soul thing and with his voice he's able to carry it off.  Abley assisted by the horns, it adds even more versatility to the disc.  The finale---&quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot; admittedly never did anything for me.  Other people love it.  It's John playing wierd for all he's worth.  But the song really doesn't go anywhere or do anything.<BR>Many people think this is The Beatles best disc because of the wide variety of styles (while still retaining commercial sensibility) and total lack of filler.
B0000DD7LB|5.0|I love this cd I got for my birthday from this really cute guy and I always listen to it. My favorite tracks are 6,9,and 12.
B00005JMEW|5.0|Quentin Tarantino has outdone himself with Kill Bill Vol. 1. True, the story is a rehash of every action film ever made, but Tarantino certainly has an eye for detail and the film is nothing short of one brilliant sequence after another, paying homage to many martial arts films, spaghetti westerns, and classic anime. The time and effort that has gone into the film is amazing and it shows. Uma Thurman is fantastic and Daryll Hannah is extremely creepy. Vivica A. Fox and Lucy Liu round out the terrific cast. The animation sequence is outstanding. The ending is terrific and had me dying to see Vol. 2.The film screams Tarantino and it has to be his most accomplished work yet. This is a breathtaking, must-see masterpiece.
B00004XQ83|4.0|This CD is fantastic, with songs that will leave you humming and tapping your feet. I would have given it 5 stars except for the fact that the primary song I wanted featuring the artists from the actual movie was not featured on the album. The version of &quot;I'll FLy Away&quot; from the actual movie is done by the Kossoy Sisters and is featured on their album &quot;Bowling Green&quot;. I hope this helps anyone else who will end up trying to hunt down that origianl version.
B000002JQ6|3.0|Live albums happen to not be as good as the original copies. This album does have some of AC/DC's best songs but they are recorded very porely. The sound quality is very bad and the way Brian Johnson sings the old songs before he came along just isn't the same. If you want to hear them in their best, get the albums like Back In Black, Highway To Hell, and High Voltage. <br />Some of the songs have annoying little chants at the begining or huge pauses like before Thunderstuck. His voice also sounds different and it bothers me when I listen to some of the songs. <br />It's an okay CD but it's not as great as the original recordings.
0375713751|5.0|This book is one of the greatest I have ever read!  Kate's life is the life of many modern women, no mattter if you do or don't have children.  The first time I read this, I was on a career path similar to her's at EMF.  If you pick up this novel for no other reason, read the \\"list\\" near the end, and it will tell the truth about working mothers.  Now that I am a mom, I understand her frustrations and anxities, even if she has a nanny.  Honestly, I do not know any woman that will not emphasize with Kate Reddy's life, her choices, and their reprecussions.
B00003CXMG|5.0|wow! this movie is amazing! everything about it is excellent. if you have seen the movie youd know exactly what i am talking about.<br />there is one part in the movie.. william tells his mother he is going to a dance and he gets in the car with penny..and she is talking about never taking it really seriously.. and as there driving if you look into the window you will see the cover of pink floyds dark side of the moon.. and i am not sure if it was intentional. i just thought i would let you know incase you didnt notice..<br />but any ways what an amazing movie i highly encourage people to see it!<br />i look at music in a completely different way now
B0001NBMBC|5.0|I have a thought...you think that the reason slipknot sounds a little similar to stone sour is that they have the SAME VOCALIST AND ONE OF THE SAME GUITARISTS?  i know its a tough concept that one person's voice will sound similar in two bands, but just stay with me here.  Those of you who said they sold out and sound like stone sour and all that other nonsense didnt LISTEN to the cd.  the rest of you who complain that its not heavy enough, cry about it.  listen to 'the blister exists' and 'three nil' over and over again.  then stop b*tching.
0060254920|5.0|My love affair with Maurice Sendak's \\"Where The Wild Things Are\\" goes back further than I think I can remember. I fell hard for the vibrant prose and unbelievable illustrations. It is a beautiful book throughout and it has absolutely withstood the test of time. <br />I am twenty-four years old now. I love this book as much as I did the first time I read it. This book speaks to places in the heart and the mind that you sort of forget about as you age. It's a magical book, it never fails to transform me.<br />Long live King Max....and all of his beautiful monsters.
6305268843|5.0|The story might be remininscent of Jane Austen, particularly so when the setting was England in 1840. Yet other than the setting and costume, everything else is modern, the theme and the plot and the rhythm, everything. The main theme here is about desire and obligation or duty or the conflict between the soul and lust. As such, one just fails to see any connotation with DH Lawerence. It would rather remind us of Dr Zhivago instead.<br />We have everything we possibly could expect from any movie: sound, sight, drama, everything. We have an excellent cast plus exquisite acting, including spendrift Lord, the good natured sister-in-law and even the stubborn and wayward 8 years old Louisa, not just the hero and the heroine. And the dialogues and the language including the dramatic ironies are just intriguing. As the story unfolds itself, it was clear that it was not simply a deal for money. The penniless girl, whose mother died at her birth and was raised up by her father, and she was trying to save her beloved father who was sent to jail because of a debt. It was because of her duty to her father.<br />The softest spot of all would rather be Charles' wife: back in 1840 there was no way that a human vegetable could be so decently maintained, the least of would be the look of her eyes which were so crytal clear. This perhaps is due the artistic requirements of the movie as a whole.But this is a very small point indeed. Yet, who can possibly blame the husband who had been mourning the virtual death of his wife for 10 whole years, when his love and attention had turned to his own lively daughter? His own worldly father says his is \\"abnomral\\" being so dutiful. If anybody ever says the turn is not convincing, he obviously has not known life yet. <br />Sophie had given life to her part in a most remarkable way here (and so did the young girl and her father). I have seen Sophie in another movie, shot quite a number of years back, which was not eqaully impressing as this. <br />All in all, we can't ask for more from this movie. It is almost as good as the Polish movies like Blue, Red and White. What puzzles me is, why isn't this released on DVD in US yet? Fortunately enough, we do have it in Asia.
B000002BSV|4.0|Described by singer Brett Anderson as Suede's &quot;party album&quot;, 1996's Coming Up offers up 10 happy, melody-heavy songs in the wake of the apocalyptic message of 1994's Dog Man Star.  Coming Up has 10 songs, all concise slices of Britain, but this time quite a bit cheerier.  New guitarist Richard Oakes maintains Butler's impeccable technique but tightens it up to drive the songs.  Standout cuts include Trash, Lazy, Beutiful Ones, Picnic by the Motorway, and Saturday Night.  And the aching By the Sea may be Suede's 2nd best ballad, right behind The Wild Ones.
B00000JXVK|5.0|This movie needs no explaination. Easily one of the greatest movies about a sport of all time. BUY THIS MOVIE!
B000002TQB|5.0|1994's Parklife saw Blur reach the dizzyinig heights of the 1990's that the Beatles saw in the '60's.  Parklife is the quintessentail 1990's British rock album, taking the Englishness of Modern Life is Rubbish to it's perfect apex.  This album is literally just about flawless, including such landmark tracks as Girls and Boys, Tracy Jacks, London Loves, Trouble in the Message Centre, and the awe-inspiring This is a Low. Although Blur changed their approach with their 1997 self-titled album, this one is hard to beat.
B0001E7LQG|1.0|I couldn't even finish watching this claptrap, and from the other reviews on here I am glad I didn't. This could have been a great comedy but Keaton and Jack appeared to be making up their lines, or flubbing them badly. Nicholson was particularly bad seeming to be reading the lines off cards, slowly. Keaton giggled and mugged through the entire movie as if she was on drugs -- Jack just isn't that funny or annoying. And really, did anyone want to see Jack's buttocks so much. No. <br />As for Keaton's character, although I can see her anger, she was so focused on the issue of Jack being an older man she came off as a man hater. Why Jack or Reeves falls for her is beyond me. I am just glad I didn't pay for this one in the theater. Don't buy the hype.
B000000WA2|5.0|....but it doesn't deserve it.  When The Great Escape was released in 1995, it was hailed as the defining English record of the mid-1990's.  However, when it became fashionable to adulate Oasis's brand of moronic, derivative pub-rock, it also became fashionable to trash intelligent, original music and this album bore the brunt of that.  Although it's certainly much darker and demented than Parklife, it's all about the songs...Stereotypes, Best Days, He Thought of Cars, Yuko and Hiro, and the amazing The Universal.  A great album that and the end of Blur's all-English phase.
B00005QXDD|5.0|which song does dave grohl drum on? if thats what he does on there. this album does rock and i hope they make another album i know jb is doing king kong but i hope he has time to do another record he rocks
B0000931OG|5.0|Blur's brilliant guitarist Graham Coxon went on an &quot;indefinite hiatus&quot; in 2002, mid-way through this follow-up to 1999's 13.  Recorded in Devon, England and in Marrakesh, Think Tank is an often beautiful, often dark, and always intriguing record.  Although many long-time fans were taken aback by this artistic left-turn, most true fans were rewarded with a complex, excellent album.  Highlights include Ambulance, Out of Time, Gene by Gene, Sweet Song, and the album closer, Battery in Your Leg, which features Graham Coxon on guitar (the only song on the record that does).  Although Jets is grating after a few listens and Crazy Beat is stupid, self-derivative fun,  Damon singing directly to Graham during Battery while Coxon plays his aching guitar lines is quite poignant.  Give this album multiple listens...you won't be disappointed.
0425173755|4.0|I first read this book a half-century ago, and, in my youth, I was very impressed by it.  I've just read it again, having forgotten most of the details of the plot, and did not find it nearly as good as I had remembered.<br />The novel did not seem to be &quot;fleshed out.&quot;  The denouement was a bit too bizarre.  Poirot is just a trifle too facile in his logic.  The characters seem leftover from a dozen other works.<br />The British train was, for some reason, the perfect setting for a murder mystery and was employed many times for that purpose.  The Orient Express does provide an excellent backdrop for this study in murder, not entirely separate from the Lindbergh case that was the &quot;crime of the century&quot; when this was published.  The method of laying out the plot is quite good, if a little too thin.  Most books tend to be overwritten--&quot;too many words.&quot;  This one needed more, somehow. As I turned the last page I found that I just was not convinced that this could have happened.  And being convincing  is the key to the literary success of any work of fiction.
B00008H2LB|5.0|This CD is by one of my most favorite artists of all time, Linkin Park.  Each and every single song is unique in its own way, and every track just as good as the others.  Anyone who liked Hybrid Theory should go and buy this album because it is just as good, if not better.  The only thing that needs a little work is if the album was longer then it would be perfect.  All I have left to say is that I can't wait for their next album.
B0001UZZWW|1.0|After watching this travesty on TV for 5 minutes,I turned it off and rested my aching eyes from the often out of focus 3D.<BR>I read that for 3D to work,a cinema must have a specially coated screen so television viewing is out of the question.<BR>This DVD does have a normal 2D version that kids can watch,but as the weak story is just an excuse for 3D effects,it isn't worth the money.<BR>It is only 15 minutes long and doesn't really add anything to the story. If you already have the first Shrek movie,then save your money and don't buy this.
1592400876|5.0|Will you like Lynne Truss's/Truss' book? Depends entirely on which kind of Stickler you are. Because there are two distinct breeds of Sticklers, as different as the over-poofed poodle and the great rolling Newfoundland. Truss' motto is 'STICKLERS UNITE,' a lovely all-for-one-against-the-Philistines slogan, and about as likely to happen as the poodle and the Newfie cavorting over a shared lamb chop. <br />(Just so you'll know, if you are NOT a Stickler at all, you'll probably enjoy the first couple of chapters of this book and then find your interest fading. No problem there: there are lots of good fish in the sea, in the sea, in the sea. W.S. Gilbert  certainly WAS a Stickler, and aren't some of us glad about THAT?)<br />To the kinds of Sticklers, then: One is your basic, (...) Stickler. Language and the punctuation written language requires are sacred, fixed in their course, and not to be tinkered with by each successive going-to-hell-on-a-skateboard generation. The sub-motto of this group of Sticklers is: \\"If it was good enough for BEOWULF[more correctly for the BEOWULF poet], it's good enough for me and a darned sight better than the rest of you deserve.\\" These Sticklers will start out saying, \\"At last!\\" to Truss' book, but end by jabbing certain lines of the book with a sharp red pencil, punctuating their outrage with huffs and harumphs.<br />The second kind of person interested in Commas and Co. are as much Ticklers as Sticklers. They find human behavior endlessly fun and funny, their own as well as that of others, and nothing  more fun than the behavior called language. These are the folks who love to read small books full of language gaffes, books like PULLET SURPRISES and other collections of howlers. Punctuation is not a religion to the Ticklers, even though they may wince at their own pet peeves on the matter; it's more a delightful hobby.  To these folk, finding a fellow enthusiast like Truss is a huge delight, and a great part of the enjoyment are thosevery spots in the texts where they disagree.  They, too, may wield a red pencil as they read, but they generally edit away with merry zest and bonhomie rather than righteous wrath. For the Tickler/Stickler, Truss' well-written and very funny EATS, SHOOTS AND LEAVES is a cool breeze on a hot dry day. Ahh!
B0001UL7RY|4.0|I am going to go throught this album track by track.However this will not be in order because I am currently listening to the album on random.<BR>1st:FORGOTTEN: This track shows avril experiment with a &quot;darker&quot; sound. The guitars sound great but the repetative chorus and lyrics sung without too much feeling let it down.3/5<br />2nd:I ALWAYS GET WHAT I WANT(bonus track in japan + UK)Oh my god this is annoying..Its bratty n whiney.The only good bits are the amazing drumming by josh freese 1.5/5<br />3rd:FALL TO PEICES:my favourite track.Its a nice catchy pop/rock ballad.Although some of the lyrics are a bit weird.but thats what i expect from avril 5/5<br />4th:MY HAPPY ENDING:a defintite hit.there could be no doubt in this being a single. Some of the lyrics do suck though(Don't leave me hanging/in a city so dead)But its catchy and the mid-8 is good. 5/5<br />5th:HOW DOES IT FEEL:This is sweet..and very calm. BUt it makes very little sense. It does show that she can possibly be mature in the future...but not now..this is slow,calm jibberish 2/5<br />6th:TAKE ME AWAY: The music for this gets pretty catchy and it reminds me of losing grip or unwanted for some reason.but it does get kind of boring..its not as catchy as the others..and the lyrics are nothing but ordinary 3/5<br />7th:SLIPPED AWAY:this song has some of the most patheic lyrics(i don't forget you/oh its so sad) Your grandpa died...you want just a lil more emotion and thought to be in the lyrics. It does get a bit more emotional at the end 3.5/5<br />8th:TOGETHER:VERY screechy at the end...and the lyrics dont make sense(the truth isnt far behind me)shouldnt it be ahead? anyway..its a grower 4/5<br />9th:NOBODYS HOME:probly the best lyrically..allthough as always it faulters at points..and it isn't as catchy as I thought it was when i heard it live.Avrils vocals also imply that it should really rock out but the music doesn't comply 3.5/5<br />10th:WHO KNOWS:positive album...this starts good and gets very good when she sings the do your best bit...but it faulters in the middle and the lyrics(again) dont really link much 3.5/5<br />11th:HE WASN'T:sk8er boi mark 2.Bad lyrics(chorus and verses dont connect) but undeniably catchy 3.9/5<br />12th:DON'T TELL ME: you probably know this.it doesn't fit very well with the rest of the album but would have provided a nice break if it had been placed later in the tracklisting 3.5/5<br />13th:FREAKOUT: good music(sum41-esque)but weak lyrics9walk around with my hands up in the air) like who knows it gets boring after a while 3.7/5
0448060191|1.0|This book is so corny I can barely stand it. It tells the story of four obnoxious, annoying sisters and their silly mother. The story is so corny I can't bear it. How can people call this piece of trash a classic? The cheesiness and pure sugary-sweetness of the whole thing is awful. STAY AWAY!!
B00000099Y|5.0|First off I want to point out that I believe this album is definitely an irrefutable work of art, like it or hate it, it must be appreciated in some fasion. That out of the way, I need to express my sickness at the amount of \\"This album changed my life...\\" or \\"Tool is a spiritual journey through a magical land.\\" Tool neither was meant to change or life, or be a spiritual journey, much of what Maynard Keenan is asking in his lyrics is for one to just open their mind.  By labeling Tool as such a spiritual focal point you are defeating his message, use your own mind, create your own art, evolve YOURSELF to the next level and open your mind to at least consider the views of others.  Saying, \\"All who don't like Tool should burn in hell cause they have no taste...\\" is the metaphorical equivalent of spitting in Maynard's face and becoming the \\"Hooker with a Penis.\\" If someone does not like Tool, respect it, and open your mind to their views, because the more you do, the more you yourself will become a better person, more appreciative of art, and more adapt at the ways creativity. Ok, I will now, at least for the moment, step off of my soap box. The reason the music that Tool, most especially Aenima strikes a chord with us is because 1. The drum beat is heavily trance influenced, it puts you in a different state of mind 2. The guitars are heavy, and the distortion is very good, but overall it follows a similar rythm pattern with the drum beats, and creates a very dark atmosphere. Not to mention that everything is played in minor scales, or minor pentatonic scales. It is simplistic, but it relates to something inside us, and that is what makes it beautiful. Now, Maynard Keenans voice is so raw with emotion, we feel what he feels. No, you aren't going on a spiritual journey, you are going maybe on Maynard's spiritual journey. Their is a difference.  The music should be a stepping stone, whether you are a satanist, a christian, a follower of Islam, a hindu... whatever, it doesn't matter, the music provides a ladder to your place of meditation. If your not spiritual, then it provides some kind of respite for your mind at the least, and puts to ease some of the day to day worries. It is as if Keenan sits down, and shares with you his heart on alot of issues, for the sole purpose of saying, \\"I know how you feel.\\" The lyrics for the most part are impersonal, meaning they should relate to your life in how you see them- a something for everyone kind of deal. I'll admit it, the first time I heard \\"Jimmy\\" I cried quite a bit. Not because I was going on a spiritual journey with Tool, but because Tool had hit a place in my heart that allowed me to face myself. Its just music, yes, good artistic music, true also, but I won't discount the fact that its purpose is inward reflection. When my fiancee left me, I put in the back of my mind, I left it. When I heard that song it came back, and helped me, continues to help me deal with it.  So to all who say Tool is a dark evil superstitious primarily satanically influenced band- maybe you should listen to the music, study it, and then let it effect you in a personal way. Whether it motivates you to act for the betterment of society, via Aenima, or it lets you ponder the beliefs which are fathers held dear, accept them or reject them, your choice, but at least think about them, via Eulogy- it is self reflection that is the theme, and the rejection of settling for a status quo. The album itself is not life altering, but with anything that causes introspection, it has the potential for life altering motivation for some people. It is a truly beautiful work, that you should at the least be a very personal experience.
B0001MDP3G|1.0|Renee Zellweger is the least talented actress I have ever seen. This movie is horrible because she is in it. She ruins every movie she is in. This silly movie should win a hundred Razzies. Many people call it an 'epic'. No way is a movie like an epic. Renee zellweger is horrible in this.
B0001UL7RY|5.0|After the truly awful Let Go in 2003, Avril actually turns out a very, very good punk pop album. It's amazing. I originally bought this album as a joke, because her last one, I thought, was so bad it was funny. But I was blown away on how good this is. It is much more hard-core punk than the more teeny-bopper geared Let Go. This is just one of my favorite albums. It is just SO good. Her singing voice has matured quite a bit, too. Get this for your ear's sake.
B00005JKCH|5.0|This is one of the most awesome movies Iv'e seen in a long time. Tobey Maguire plays a high school geek who gets bitten by a spider, then aquires superpowers! It's the only superhero flick I really, really like. I love everything about it. Fun and entertaining.
0790731002|1.0|I think we are all just about sick of directors who try to put in as many computer effects as they can at the cost to the story line. Batman Forever is a frankly boreing story. It portrays Burce Wayne as more of a spoiled brat that didn't get his way than a vengeful person with motive to stop evil. Not only that, but why does Batman now have to fight two people all of the time. It's like the first thought that goes throught directors minds when the word &quot;Batman&quot; is mentioned is that they have to have two or more villians. I think we all miss Tim Burton and his honest protrayal of the Dark Knight.
B0001ZX0PG|3.0|So maybe I HAVE to read the book. Maybe that's the hook. Make a movie that basically has an audience going, &quot;Wait, wha ... is there like another disc somewhere, because this can't be it.&quot; And there go the book sales.<br />--Why'd the mute kid want to scare the girl? Was he in love with his brother?<br />--What 'street smart' 11-year-old Southie who was chatting with his buds about BOOSTING A CAR, gets in a car with a 'cop'? Dude, we all know you wait for him to offer you ice cream while you help him look for his dog. Helllllloooo ...<br />--Who the hell was Kevin Bacon's 'lip caller'? Who cares? Shut up.<br />--Who can't find a dead body behind a bar but can find one buried under leaves after DRAGGING a river?<br />--'Hey, guys. Why do you think Tim Robbins character wasn't in therapy and heavily medicated after he was kidnapped?' Because he won't grow up to be f'ed in the head, will he?<br />--Hello, Jimmy Markham is married to a psycho. All abroad the crazy train.<br />--Totally loved how everyone BUT the cops were solving the murder. The kid from the Sandlot figured it out quicker than the cops AND Sean Penn. Go, Sandlot kid! Yay!! Too bad about your incestuous-minded mute kid brother. Bummer.
B00000J7A2|5.0|This album is an R&amp;B/blues rock classic. I never get bored listening to it.
B000059T1G|4.0|&quot;Last Exit&quot; was originally thought as a farewell album from Traffic, as the band had split just prior to its release. Later when Steve Winwood was working on his first album, both Chris Wood and Jim Capaldi helped backing him, so eventually it turned out to be a new Traffic album; and Traffic was reborn. This time without Dave Mason, who had already been walking in and out of the band several times.<br />Dave is only partly present on this album. &quot;Medicated Goo&quot; and &quot;Shanghai Noodle Factory&quot; was recorded late 1968 without Mason. The 2 live tracks &quot;Feeling Good&quot; and &quot;Blind Man&quot; are also Winwood, Capaldi and Wood alone.<br />&quot;Just For You&quot; is more or less Mason solo. &quot;Withering Tree&quot; had already been released a B-side. The instrumental &quot;Something`s Got a Hold on My Toe&quot; is probably a studio outtake from the sessions for their second album.<br />As for the music; The new songs &quot;Medicated Goo&quot; and &quot;Shanghai Noodle Factory&quot; are great . &quot;Withering Tree&quot; and &quot;Just For You&quot; are classic Traffic. The live-tracks are interesting, but the sound is not so good as could be wished for. The instrumental &quot;Something`s Got a Hold on My Toe&quot; has probably just been included to add to the playing time.<br />I would have preferred some more singles-tracks like &quot;Paper Sun&quot;, &quot;Hole in My Shoe&quot;, &quot;Coloured Rain&quot;, &quot;Here We Go Round The Mulberry Bush&quot; and &quot;Am I What I was, or Am I What I Am&quot;. This would have made the album much better, and the album could have completed the first era of a great band.
B0001GOH6Q|5.0|This is one of my all-time favorite movies. Ewan MacGregor and evereybody else does a great job. I can't believe this did not win best picture at the Academy Awards. Tim Burton's recent films have not been very good, but he really outdid himself on this one. Albert Finney plays an old, dying man whose son has never thought much of his amazing tales. Then they show you the father as a young man, played by Ewan McGregor. Just everything about this film is superb. It manages to be sweet without being corny and sappy. A must-see for anyone.
B000035P7X|5.0|This film gives the viewer a candid view of an incredibly talented, precocious, irreverent, and actually quite beautiful young Dylan revealed in wonderful concert and behind-the-scenes footage.  After seeing the film I felt that Dylan's legendary arrogance has been perhaps misunderstood -- actually he was pretty humble and engaging with school kids and fellow musicians -- more interested in learning from them than in showing off his own talents.  What comes off as arrogance is his almost allergic aversion to simplistic, cliched, or hypocritical concepts imposed upon him by clueless, syncophantic journalists and fans.  His trenchant verbal sparring with a reporter from Time magazine, in which he argues that the readers of Time are settling for secondhand drivel and that Time has too much to lose by telling the truth, is one of the most refreshing and amusing interviews I've ever seen.  Likewise, one can appreciate his struggle to avoid being pigeonholed as either a political activist or a folk singer; certainly his political sensibilities are profound, but he understandably chaffed at the attempts to turn him into a mouthpiece for any single cause or established movement.  His instinctive fight to keep the doors of perception ajar has proven well founded; it is precisely his protean shape-shifting and incessant search for new levels of meaning and musical expression that have made him such a timeless icon.  The one sour note in the film was his obviously strained relationship with Joan Baez, not only a brilliant singer in her own right but also a witty mimic and comic, whom he relegates to groupie status and mostly ignores.  Given the fact that she invited Dylan to share her stage when he was virtually unknown, one would have expected Dylan to have invited her to sing a song or two.  What a waste of talent -- but then, apparently their romantic relationship was in its death throes, so it may be unfair to judge.  Ultimately, this film made me sad simply because it shows the sheer brilliance of a person at a moment in time that is now forty years in the past.  We can look back, but we do so at the risk of having our hearts broken.ws the sheer brilliance of a person at a moment in time that is now forty years in the past.  We can look back, but we do so at the risk of having our hearts broken.
B0000TLA9G|5.0|This is one of the best albums I own. It is a collection of the LA hard rock act's biggest and best hits. Included are all my favorites: 'Civil War', 'Dont Cry', 'Yesterdays', and 'Paradise City'. Not one song should have been missing. I would reccomend getting all of this band's albums, but this is one heckuva start.
B000088E6D|5.0|When I first saw his cover album, i was not interested at all, but when all of sudden the store play 'put your head on my shoulder', without a doubt I bought it.<br />and yes indeed, michael buble had a great great voice, combine with great arrangements, it is so far to be one of my favourite cds on my car audio.<br />every song in this album is flawless, I used to play it over and over and over again, especially, put your head on my shoulder, it so romantic when you play it in the evening, with someone special by your side.
0736601678|5.0|This book is one of the most important books ever written. It's authored by a man whose statement: &quot;The greatest human tragedy was the hijacking of morality by religion.&quot; was contradicted by the book's major idea, i.e that at some point the 'irrational' will seduce the last generation of the 'children of man'.<br /> There is a statement in some editions by the author that 'The author is not responsible for the ideas within the book. (????!!!) Who then is responsible? <br />In the last days, the physical world began to tremble and shatter as the minds of the children begin to create for themselves another level of 'being'. a world their parents cannot comprehend. There are two levels of 'oversoul' tenders, one higher level which controlled even the 'controllers' who administrated the children's entry into the higher level...(which seems to me to accord with William Blakes' Tree of Life Allegory, if you want some validation that 'creating mentally' is an idea that's 'out there' in the general realm.) <br /> Read the book as pleasure and as a kind of prophetic description of this time, when the 'mental world' of 'man' has altered so very much as to reconfigure what was pre-assumed to be 'reality', per Newtonian mechanics.<br />The 'oversoul' of man must be attached to what has been defined as the 'religious domain', a fact that many scientific minds are being corralled into acknowledging in 2004 <br /> If the hijacking of morality by religion was indeed a tragedy the  hijacking of 'reason' by 'science' must then be a supernatural tragedy. I love the book, it was the most 'affective' book I've ever read.
B0000013G9|5.0|It has been almost ten years since this came out. I was six years old, so I didn't really know what these songs meant. My sister had the CD and she played it tons of times. A few years later it was scratched, so she threw it out, but I bought it this year. I must say, they don't make music like this anymore!<br />Intro-lude: It's a good introduction to a great CD, featuring Jermaine Durpi and Phife. 8/10<br />Creep: A great song with horns. It also has a great music video. 9/10<br />Kick Your Game: The song has a great beat and when Lisa comes in, she shines. 9/10<br />Diggin' on You: I don't really like the \\"sexy\\" songs on the album. This is is smooth and quiet; You can fall asleep to this song (but that's a compliment!) 6/10<br />Case of the Fake People: Kind of a remake of \\"Backstabbers\\" by The O'Jays, this song has a great beat and a great message. 9/10<br />CrazySexyCool - Interlude: T-Boz just goes on about what CrazySexyCool girls act like. 5/10<br />Red Light Special: Kind of like Diggin' on You. 6/10<br />Waterfalls: THE GEM OF THE CD! I've played this song so many times and it never gets old. The two storylines in the song (a drug-dealing kid and a man who got HIV) and the chorus teach many lessons, such as \\"think before you act.\\" Some people accused TLC and the writers of stealing from Paul McCartney's 1980 song, also titled \\"Waterfalls,\\" but in my opinion, TLC's version is better. (Paul's version was something like \\"Don't go jumping waterfalls, please keep to the lake\\" and \\"Don't go chasing polar bears\\"). Lisa's rap is also one of the most inspiring things I ever heard! The music video is also great. 11/10<br />Intermission-Lude: Lalala. Same thing as the Intro-lude without lyrics. Good transition if you listen to the CD straight through. N/A<br />Let's Do It Again: A nice and sexy song. 7/10<br />If I Was Your Girlfriend: A remake of Prince's song. A very good one at that. 9/10<br />Sexy - Interlude: Chilli calls Sean Combs in a prank call. Very funny.8/10<br />Take Our Time: I don't like this one for some reason. In the beginning, it sounds weird. Nevertheless, I find it stuck in my head sometimes.<br />Can I Get a Witness - Interlude: I hate this! I don't like Busta Rhymes' voice in this and I hate the way Lisa says \\"crazy,\\" \\"sexy,\\" and \\"cool.\\" 1/10<br />Switch: A fun song, though it doesn't really fit the sexy theme of the CD. The beginning sound is taken from the oldie \\"Mr. Bigstuff,\\" but I'm not complaining.<br />Sumthin' Wicked This Way Comes: It starts off with Andre from OutKast rapping (A very good rap, by the way) about crime. Then the girls come in and Lisa raps about how she feels. Another gem. Great song and voices. 10/10<br />Overall, this CD makes me think back about the early and mid 90s when music was good. Most of the songs on here are great and meaningful. Some say that it didn't have enough Lisa, but I think thats good, because her voice is not as sexy as Chilli or T-Boz's. I hope she rests in peace.
0345451325|5.0|This book rocks. period.  The fall of reach is a prologue to the game Halo.  For you guys who don't know what that means, it is the story that leads up to Halo (for X-box) So that means you don't have to have played the game Halo to understand this book.  Eric Nylund did a great job writing this book.  This is my first book by him and my favorite.  He is a great action/battle writer and just kicks ---.  <br />The Guide to all the halo books:<br />Halo the fall of reach- the story leading up to Halo the game<br />The Flood-  This is the actual story of Halo, not the best, but id read if you cant get your hands on Halo for X-box<br />The First Strike- This is the story connecting Halo to Halo 2<br />There, hope thats all helpful info
B00001NFCY|2.0|Creed is a band for people who wish to listen to heavier music, but also want to remain well within their comfort zone of tasteful pop. It's one of the few things in a teenager's cd collection that a father could stand to listen to. Beyond that there's really not much depth or originality lurking within the sinews of their circumscribed repertoire that would spark the interest of the avaricious music fan.<br />As far as this album goes...<br />They start off with a song called &quot;Are You Yeady?&quot; What are you ready for? They're asking you if you're ready! Come on... are you ready for... get this... &quot;us to come?!&quot; Wow. Sheer poetry. They really set the mood! I can't wait to hear what comes next on this suspensful monstrosity!<br />What if...<BR>What if?<BR>What if?<BR>hmmm...<br />No one needs to hear a guy, who sounds like he's got a pickle in his mouth, screaming &quot;what if&quot; 20 times.<br />Then they try to be intrepid and throw out something mysterious... something that almost sounds like a nursery rhyme gone bad. What's it called? &quot;Beautiful&quot; Hmm... there's a clever title for ya! Then the chorus kicks in and you realize it's exactly like all the others.<br />::: Insert a few forgettable fillers here :::<br />and that should bring us to the big hit, &quot;With Arms Wide Open&quot;<br />Oh boy! Grab yo hankeys folks cause dis song's real sweet. PWWRRRRRR! A touchy feely ballad where the afforementioned picklemouth sings &quot;opuhwn&quot; 16 times throughout the song, and then changes his mind and sings &quot;open&quot; correctly at the end. And so what are you saying... that you created life? Then why do you sound so angry during the bridge? And why can't you be more specific and refrain from using trite words like everything and all? You make me want to have children so then I can REALLY relate to this song. Crap... it's a girl. Oh well. Please pass the asparagus.<br />Crock and Blow will handle the next song...<br />Crock: Is that song &quot;Higher&quot; about drugs?<BR>Blow: No.<BR>Crock: Is it about getting high on life?<BR>Blow: No, but the video shows some pretentious band floating at the end.<BR>Crock: So they're high on themselves?<BR>Blow: I guess. You know that's the beauty of music... it's open to infinite interpretation.<BR>Crock: Yeah, but are they really floating at the end of the video?<BR>Blow: Uh huh.<BR>Crock: That's ridiculous! Are they here to save my mortal soul with stale lyrics and overused chord progressions?<BR>Blow: Perhaps.<BR>Crock: I don't need this! And I don't need some mediocre guitarist playing some by the book scale after every stinking line in the chorus either.<BR>Blow: Then don't listen to it, man!<BR>Crock: Booyeah.<br />The second to last song (thank heavens it's almost over) is just another soft build up to heavy mix combo that's supposed to make Scott's voice really shine. Woopty Doo. Sounds to me like more self-important poppycock, although the fact that you've made it this far must mean you like Creed. Good for you. You probably like this song too. Now hold your arms out and see if you can float.<br />The last song has a moral. Just what we need. Another rock band telling us what to think and how to act. Didn't the lead singer pick a fight with Fred Durst? Way to practice what you preach, guys.<br />In conclusion...<br />The success of this album spawned many identical bands and albums. Another healthy dose of mediocrity for our hideously undiversified rock radio!<br />They say all good things must come to an end.<BR>I say all good things must come from somewhere else.<br />Please pass the asparagus.
0862641438|5.0|Chris Van Allsburg's &quot;The Polar Express&quot; tells the simple tale of boy who has been told by a friend &quot;There's no Santa.&quot; However, the boy knows this is wrong, which may explain why the Polar Express shows up outside his house that night to take him to the North Pole. In the giant factory city where all the toys are made for Christmas, the elves will all gather and Santa will give to one of the children on the train the first gift of the Christmas season.<br />&quot;The Polar Express&quot; is a simple tale of the power of belief, told through exquisite pastel drawings that make a steam locomotive seem a soft vision of light in the gently falling snow.  The story being told is almost as good as the illustrations.  This is a modern Yule time classic, which teaches a simple lesson: always fix a hole in your pocket.<br />I find it hard to believe that this beloved children's book is coming to the silver screen through full CG animation, even if it is Imageworks' next-generation motion capture process that the digital characters to be modeled on live-action performances.  But if the movie leads new readers, both young and old, to discover Van Allsburg's original book, then we can think of it as being the world's longest commercial and not a inadequate substitute for one of the great picture books of all time.
B0001IN07Q|5.0|~~~I just saw micheal Buble in concert last night in Cleveland,Ohio and i must say he has an absolutley beautiful,powerful voice. I loved the spin he put on each song to make it his own, even though many of them have been sang time and time again.  My favorite one was &quot;kissing a fool&quot;  orginally by George  Micheal. They never get old.  He was also very funny and personable to the audience. I will most definitely see him again.  I highly recommend him to one and all. What fun, what~~~~ entertainment, what charisma, what a VOICE!!!!!!!!!!!!~~~
B00000AFHM|4.0|Eight-person band Belle &amp; Sebastian prove that pop is not confined to the brainless bubblegum genre. The melancholy melodies of &quot;Boy With the Arab Strap&quot; show Belle &amp; Sebastian at their peak, with their gently complex music and quietly restrained pop songs.<br />&quot;Arab Strap&quot; starts off with &quot;It Could Have Been a Brilliant Career,&quot; an elusive, quirky little tune that builds up from near silence. Following it up is the almost-catchy, percussive &quot;Sleep the Clock Around,&quot; the darkly beautiful title track, the wistful &quot;Summer Wasting,&quot; the lulling &quot;Seymour Stein&quot; with its magnificently shivery organ, and finally it finishes up with the pretty, downbeat &quot;Rollercoaster Ride.&quot;<br />Nobody makes the sad stuff any prettier than Belle &amp; Sebastian. &quot;Boy With the Arab Strap&quot; is not quite perfect -- &quot;Seymour Stein,&quot; despite its lyrical brilliance, has a forgettable little tune, and the lyrics vary wildly. But their work here is certainly enjoyable and beautiful, balancing out the sweetness, the humor, the melancholy, and the coffee-shop-poet dissatisfaction with life.<br />The songs brim over with vague unhappiness, an ethereal sense of how the world is full of misery. It's best shown in &quot;Boy With the Arab Strap&quot;: Stuart Murdoch sings with deceptive perkiness, &quot;Do you ever feel you have gone too far?/Everyone suffers in silence a burden...&quot; Murdoch let the others do several of the songs for this album, which gives a vague, weird feeling of creative unevenness.<br />Stuart Murdoch does most of the vocals, and his murmuring voice seems perfectly suited to the songs. And the piano and shimmering violin are backed up by the keyboard, organs, jazzy percussion, delicate chimes and little sonic flourishes like a jet going overhead. One highlight is the delicious bagpipe solo in &quot;Sleep the Clock Around,&quot; which completely dominates the music.<br />The dismally lovely music of Belle &amp; Sebastian is in good, though not perfect form on &quot;Boy With the Arab Strap.&quot; Best advised for those who dream of dark coffee-houses, and poetry that drips with loneliness.y lovely music of Belle &amp; Sebastian is in good, though not perfect form on &quot;Boy With the Arab Strap.&quot; Best advised for those who dream of dark coffee-houses, and poetry that drips with loneliness.
