B00CHSPB8Y|5.0|It is a very addicting game also it is very fun to play and nice gameplay. my kids love this game they are like dad can I play your phone.
B007MDB71O|5.0|Not a perfect adaption of the pulp novels that inspired it. But a far better movie than some would have you believe. Attempting to stay true to its pulp roots it kept the 1800's setting and that may have put some people off. I tend to think the bookends work very nicely and help to keep the tale a bit grounded in reality. Plenty of action and adventure and the characters are well done with Dejah Thoras being a stand out. The villain is perhaps a bit lacking as he is more a tool to be used by the real big bad. If you haven't yet I would check this movie out, for anyone who is a fan of sci-fi it is well worth it.
B002APU580|5.0|Great movie, can watch it over and over again. Will recommend this site to all my friends and family. Great job Amazon. Thank you for your site.
1476715904|1.0|This book was terrible. I blame myself completely for expecting otherwise. After reading Collen Hoover's Hopeless - which was heart-rending yet simultaneously soulfully moving - I expected Slammed to be the same. I should have known I was setting unrealistic high standards since Slammed is Collen's debut novel and all. But I did. And I was left frustrated and empty. Just like her book.<br /><br />**Spoiler alert**<br /><br />My main complaints:<br /><br />-The plot was lackluster. I kept flipping the pages waiting for something - anything! - to significantly move the story along but I was waiting forever. When the climax finally did come (Will beating up the kid? The mom revealing her sickness?), the aftermath and reactions were just as mundane.<br /><br />- The chemistry between Will and Layken was as intriguing as watching paint dry on a wall. Will's character was written so bland, I'm surprise anyone would find him interesting. Also, I felt like their relationship was shoved down my throat too quickly with no substance.  When Layken professed her \\"love\\" to Will, I was literally surprised. I didn't know where or how any love could have developed from their one date (which was not as epic as the back cover portrays) and the weeks of silence in-between. Their \\"love\\" seemed as deep as shallow water.<br /><br />- Finally there' Layken. So in the beginning of the book, Collen tried to portray Layken as a mature 18 year-old who has been through a lot with the death of her father. However, her actions throughout the book spoke otherwise. I was yet again shock when Will stated he didn't think Layken was in high school because she seemed so mature. How? Half of the book focused on her slamming doors, yelling and crying, attempting to make Will jealous or yelling obscenities at him. I would compare Layken to my two year old niece. At the maximum, my emotional 16 year old cousin but definitely not someone as \\"mature\\". It's perfectly fine if that's how you want your characterto behave; just don't try to characterize her as being mature but then write her actions as the complete opposite.<br /><br />Overall, this book felt like a juvenile \\"coming to age\\" story. I would recommend it for the ages of 13-18 but definitely not for anyone older.
B001EC0OMM|5.0|Great movie, I love Kate. I will advise anyone to come and use the Amazon site for movies, music and anything else they need.
B006LSZECO|5.0|LOVE. LOVE. Couldn't put it down. It kept me guessing and needing more. Not the usual same old story. You never know what to expect.
B00A3T5CGU|1.0|This app never worked on my Kindle device, so I deleted it. Please try to update that will be user friendly.
B00CHSPB8Y|5.0|This game is amazing considering its a licensed movie game. They're usually pretty bad but this is fun! There are multiple armies that are all cool looking so I don't see a reason to pass up this great game!
B007N5YIUS|3.0|This app is not for me. Maybe for the younger people it will be great. I guess it depends on the age.
193700788X|1.0|Really Mrs. Harris?  Really???  Years and years of investing my time and money into this world that you created only to be cruelly  \\"jilted at the altar\\" so to speak??  I worse than hate this book.  I loathe it and am genuinely disgusted by the author's lack of effort in wrapping up this series.  I think any loyal reader's best bet is to see how the \\"True Blood\\" series will end.  Maybe they can leave a better taste in our mouths than the characters' true mother did.  I just can't believe how truly terrible this book is.  I think Mrs. Harris lost her zest when she was voted \\"Worst Of\\" a few books ago.  I think it scared her into hastily ending this series as opposed to risking getting any more bad reviews.  Well thanks, Entertainment Weekly.  That turned out so well for her readers...  This is the kind of book that should be recalled for masterfully FAILING it's readers!
B00AQL8VU4|2.0|I don’t know about this app yet. I have not been able to use it. Not enough information on it’s usage. Will keep trying to use it.
B00AJAFNIA|1.0|actually enjoyed this game until I took a look at the permissions and realized they'd hidden spyware under the guise of \\"oh look at this cute harmless game!\\" Good thing I got this piece of s***e when it was free. I can't even imagine how angry I'd be off I had paid even a fine for this garbage. Needless to say, I've uninstalled this game.
B004EBZX6W|1.0|Was not able to use this app at all, I deleted it from my kindle. I think the app is good but I could not use it.
B00BWLKTOS|5.0|This CD is even better than the first one.  The recording quality seemed to be better as well,  I totally loved ever song.  Way to go Piano Guys!
B0064QNS62|4.0|Good app, not for me though. I will advise anyone to come and use the Amazon site for movies, music and anything else they need.
B009JBWOU0|5.0|I am a big nerd so any superhero stuff is good to me, but I especially love this trilogy. Heath Ledger's Joker in The Dark Knight has to be the best joker ever.
B009VSW15Y|1.0|I'm sure it's good, I just don't how to use it. Will recommend this site to all my friends and family. Great job Amazon. Thank you for your site.
B000000WJ2|5.0|An incredible timeless craftman doing what he knows best: rock & roll. An artist in music, simple, natural but at the same time a leyend. This is, in my opinion his greatest solo album. All fun!
B004SBS8LA|1.0|This app is not for me. Maybe for the younger people it will be great. I guess it depends on the age.
3836531038|5.0|Fine taste and great photographic art are concepts you will surely find on the pages of this sophisticated book. Furthermore, the format of this hardcover edition will definitely suit your expectations completely. The models and the artistic set of colourful pictures displayed here are simply magnificent. The price is almost a bargain.
B009KS4XRO|2.0|I like the game, but due to the constant freezing at the end of the game, I cannot give it higher ratings.  The game goes into &quot;gathering results&quot; mode and stops working at that point. It just looks as if it is trying to upload the information from the game and nothing happens.  You need to exit to the lobby resulting in a loss of anything you may have accomplished during the game, including experience, treasure, bonuses and coins. I have commented several times to Buffalo Studios about this and they claim to be working on the issue.  I have it on my Kindle HD and would love to give Bingo Blitz a higher rating, but it will not happen until the bugs have been addressed and fixed.
B003O5MO6G|5.0|They are unquestionably one of my favourite bands (among the best 10 pop and rock groups I love). I admire them since I was 15. They were a huge symbol of the struggle against the Vietnam war. Bob Dylan wrote many songs which they sang and turned into hits, besides a lot of lovely tunes they composed themselves. Unbelievable vocal harmonies and guitars descending from heaven. In all, a master band in the American rock & roll history.
193700788X|1.0|I hate this I spend 15.00 for this crap, never again ms harris is DEAD EVER AFTER to me. I want my money back authors that treat fans this bad should have to give full refund.  This is not an author she has just scam me out of my money.
B0051ANPZQ|5.0|This book Wonder was really good. It was a very interesting story about a kid with a birth defect trying to get through life  start school after being home schooled for many years. It shows the point of view of all the characters and what they think about his birth defect.
B008YKGQR4|5.0|I'm learning so much with my kindle because of Amazon making it possible for me to get into Facebook which I love all the games and friends I've made in the group's I have joined and then there's so much information available Thank you face book, Amazon and kindle.
B0099Y2MYK|5.0|When &#34;Sesame Street&#34; parodies it, then &#34;it&#34; has gained &#34;IT&#34; status.  I started on Season 1.  I barely finished the first episode before getting Season 2.  When on earth does Season 3 come out???  Maggie Smith is truly divine!
B003O86FMW|5.0|I love this book it's just as good as the 1st book it kinda gets off slow tho. The hunger games all the way.
B0075MFS9Y|5.0|What a brill band I could listen to them all day :) well guess I do most day's they are playing in my house :) xx
B007VDN1PA|5.0|This is a very good slide scanner at a good price. Can't imagine why they put a clock in it, though. I haven't used it for a film strip yet, so can't comment on this.
B004Z2TUGE|2.0|Before I rented this movie via Amazon Instant Video, I read the description and thought it might be something like a Marvel comic put on screen. Unfortunately, I was totally wrong. The story might have some potential, but it doesnt because its just a stupid college love story.
B00AIBZLVY|4.0|Two-time Oscar nominee Jessica Chastain (The Help, Zero Dark Thirty) joins other \\"name\\" actresses like Sissy Spacek, Jessica Lange, Halle Berry, Naomi Watts, Nicole Kidman, Jennifer Lawrence, etc. in the ever popular horror movies.  MAMA finds a barely recognizable Jessica as a Joan Jett lookalike who has requisite tattoos and plays bass in a rock band.  While not an Oscar-worthy performance, Chastain does inhabit the role of Annabel effectively, going from the self-centered girlfriend to a caring guardian.  Game of Thrones' Nickolaj Coster Wakau plays both brothers involved with the ghostly goings-on exuding a staunch sensitive male presence.  Megan Charpentier as Victoria and Ilise Nielisse (sp?) as Lily are amazingly good in their demanding roles.<br />MAMA is an eerie atmospheric ghost story, with some muddled plotlines but it is a nice change of pace from zombies, found footage nonsense, pointless reboots and victimized hunky vampires.  Recommended to fans of good ghost stories.
0525478817|4.0|I read this for book club. I would have never picked this up on my own, but I'm glad I read it.  Most of the reviews for The Fault In Our Starts are so very complimentary that I really wanted fall in love with this book like everyone else did.  Don't get me wrong, it's not bad nor is it boring. The book is good. It's actually pretty good, but I seriously missed what was so mesmerizing that mostly everyone else seemed to loved it to pieces.<br /><br />Yes the story is sad, having cancer is sad. The only thing more sad about having cancer is a child or teenager with cancer. Especially terminal cancer. And that's what this book is about.<br /><br />I felt so bad for the teenagers in the book. The whole story from beginning to end seemed like none of them could catch a break. I found a few slivers of laughter here and there when Gus or Hazel said or did something sort of funny. Even their friend from the support group was so adorable. I almost felt the most bad for him because he was so heart broken by the little girl breaking up with him. When I stopped to think about how a teenager would react to certain situations, this book made total sense.<br /><br />I could even feel the parents pain about their child being terminally ill.  Seeing how it such a painful and unfortunate situation affected different families and marriages was also intriguing.<br /><br />Again, this book was good, so I recommend it. I just didn't fawn all over it like most everyone else.
B003EVWDR0|5.0|great movie<br />good for all ages<br />watched several times hope they make a follow up  would like to see the story continue
068483605X|5.0|Once read Dean Koontz's book How to Write Best Selling Fiction in which he stressed reading a wide range of writers/books, one of which was Watership Down.  I have owned many copies and reread this unique adventure novel every few years.  I bought this copy as a gift for a young, budding author.
B009MYARIK|4.0|Did not keep me awake, but was entertaining. What's up with the maximum word requirement? I have no more comment!
B002MQYOFW|3.0|I can't deny this author is very talented. Her writing style is riviting and her story telling is addicting and unforgettable. The content of the story however is extremely disturbing and my child was required to read the story in school. She came home after only a few days and asked to be removed from the class while the story was being read because of how uncomfortable it made her feel. I read the story to see what they were asking the kids to read in school. I get that the author is a fantastic writer but I can't endorse this book because of the disturbing story content and I am certainly against it being required reading in school.
B002WV5A9G|5.0|I must say for someone that really didn't care for any of the previous Star Trek films, I am happy to say- this movie totally blew me away. The acting was excellent. I was really happy to see Eric Bana (Munich) playing a really nasty bad guy, and a cameo by Winona Ryder as well. This updated version that explains how Capt. Kirk and crew came to be, hardly resembles any of the much weaker previous Star Trek films. The special effects were spectacular and often reached the stature of effects used for films like the Star Wars episodes I, II, & III. There was plenty of funny moments that kept me laughing pretty hard too, and some unexpected updates that might catch you by suprise. Here we see a more human side of Spock that was sometimes really hysterical. Though I admit not caring so much for the whole Star Trek craze much of my life, I can give a massive thumbs up for a really exciting ride with this latest Star Trek movie. I liked it so much that I will be purchasing the film on dvd when it get's released. This movie was far better than I expected to be. A great deal of fun to watch, especially if you see it at an Imax theater like I did.
B00BWBHIUG|5.0|spectacular graphics. easy to follow in-game instructions. great for kids from 8 to 80. recommended for all ages.<br />#FYI - do not buy anything until u are prompted the first time, or you will have to buy again when Memo tells you to!
B0030MM68O|5.0|The war zone never looked so realistic or as dangerous as it does here in Kathryn Bigelow's best film yet, The Hurt Locker. From all early reports it appears the film is likely to walk off with the top Oscar honor. And finally the first film in probably the past 6 years that truly deserves to get a best picture nod. The hurt locker is full of suspense and danger. It seriously does keep you on the edge of your seat. In fact you might find it hard to resist biting your nails sometimes. The film takes a much different direction than many of the other war films we have seen. There are no massive gun battles here, not all that much blood and body parts but lots of intense unsettling tension combined with razor sharp direction, hard edge editing and cinematography, and some great acting. This is one great film and I highly recommend it.
B005Q1W10A|5.0|We love the show and were thrilled with this DVD version.  It was a great buy since we can watch it any time we want!
B002RVZV9K|3.0|This was indeed an odd union of three musicians who might have felt they had little in common musically, only later discovering they had everything in common musically. The film truly does offer an amazing personal insight into the lives of three gifted and accomplished guitar players who share some of their secrets and insights, which alone is worth the price of admission. In my case I never much cared for the White Stripes or Jack White for that matter, who I feel though he is a truly gifted musician was misplaced in this documentary when you consider he was making company with two other greatly respected guitar masters while he simply hasn't earned such praise. Page and the Edge have earned these top spots, but I felt the third slot should have been reserved for someone as infamous as they, such as the likes of Jeff Beck, Clapton, or maybe Angus Young. White simply didn't seem to fit in my opinion even though strangely I felt compelled to think in some ways he did carry his weight even though he was clearly overshadowed by his far more infamous peers. Beyond this observation all three give some very interesting information about their humble beginings and their love for the guitar, each in their own way seemingly connected by fate to the roots of rock and the blues. It was a real treat watching the communication between all three gentlemen who are truly beyond the childish ideas of hamming it up and trying to do one better on each other. Rather these three men seem comfortably humbled by one another, learning from one another and being enriched by each other, free of any selfish ideas. Being a huge fan of the Edge led me here, but I went away far more interested in the other two men than I had previously been. But the whoile thing was rather forgettable.
B006MW3UZW|5.0|This show is so wonderful! I have watched the entire first and second season in the last 3 weeks!  My only regret is not starting it sooner!
B001AOKA3W|5.0|I am surprised at the majority of negative reviews this film recieved considering the fact that the film contains some of the most remarkable special effects ever captured on film. The effects are so good that it is astounding just how realistic they really are. It is far easier to capture convincing special effects on film than it is in high resolution video formats like the ones used for this movie. It looks like New York city is literally being destroyed by a gigantic bizzare creature that towers over New York's tallest buildings. The destruction of massive buildings and surrounding areas appears so realistic that it looks just as real as the footage we have all seen of the twin towers being destroyed. This alone is an amazing accomplishment. What is not so convicning is the fact that what we see as the audience is presumed to be captured by a single person on a single video camera. That is pretty rediculous to say the least. In such catastrophic conditions I would think that camera would have been abandoned long before it is in this film. And it does borrow it's premise shamelessly from 'The Blair witch project', but it is done so well that I didn't feel the need to complain. The acting was also excellent by the enitre cast. This film was a masterpiece of epic special effect that was really, really amazing to see.
B009NY43NY|2.0|I'm so sad and disappointed CH ended the series this way. I feel frustrated & I don't feel I got the resolutions I was hoping for or anything remotely close for that matter. I felt like the characters fell flat as well. Where did all their personality go? I feel like she just scraped it together to get it over and done with. Eric is definitely one of my favorite characters and he was barely even in the book. The ending was just kinda whatever. It was mediocre and it fell flat. I saw there were bad reviews about this book before it was even released, but I held off reading them in order to form my own opinion. I could go on and on about my disappointment, but I'll just leave it at that.
B002YCVX5S|5.0|My rush to jugement on this film was indeed a profound mistake. So I have decided to re-write my review in my head. With that being said a Tarantino film often does need to grow on some of us. So here it is: This may very well be Tarantino's best film to date. The opening segment Which is a 20 minute conversation between a French Dairy farmer, La Petite and SS officer Hans Landa may very well be one of the greatest scenes in cinema's history. Both Actors were beyond brilliant and Christoph Waltz as Landa gives one of the greatest performances in film history. He was simply astonishing. Tarantino has created a film this time that is so gloriously gifted that it sometimes rises above the works of Kubrick and Welles. That first chapter between La Petite and Landa is simply beautiful in every detail. I could watch it a hundred times and never tire of it. The film is never predictable as is evident with the second chapter as the basterds are introduced. It's a very different style of film making juxtaposed to the previous chapter, but none the less totally brilliant. Then we see our first glimpse of Hitler and the film shifts to an almost comical/slapstick sort of mood, yet it seems to work and beautifully. Tarantino pays homage to everything from Spaghetti westerns to classic French and German art house cinema, and it's all simply brilliant! My first viewing was obviously not enough and I am very greatful I gave it another chance. Tarantino has proven again that he is truly a gifted director. And I am feeling pretty damned ashamed of my self for posting a mental review much too prematurely. I'm rooting for you Christoph! You've won 2 Oscars, you deserve it! What a great, great film!
193700788X|2.0|Omg people, get a grip! You're all so hysterically mental in your long winded laments over the mistreatment of poor old Eric...<br /><br />Here's what I saw from the series...<br /><br />Bill: Started out as a job but ended up loving Sookie. Spent most of the books trying to convince her that he loved her.<br /><br />Quinn: Too much of a pansy to stand up to his mother<br /><br />Sam: Nice guy who is kind of boring, but doesn't Sookie need boring after all the shenanigan's with the vamps?<br /><br />Eric: Kind of douchey. I mean, Sookie and his relationship is idolized but come on, really? Most of their \\"relationship\\" he was away, weeks at a time, handling vampire stuff. He'd show up, have sex with Sookie and bail. Honestly, I don't see this wonderful, caring boyfriend Sookie wants. He was kind of a psycho most of the time. I mean, he liked her, but in a trophy kind of way.<br /><br />I think most people are confusing Skarsgard as a cute guy who played Eric and then made all these cray cray leaps like, he's a viking god and other such nonsense about book Eric.<br /><br />Finally, if you were all real fans of the Sookie books, then you'd want her to be with someone who could give her a life of peace and contentment. Call a spade a spade and admit that you're all really Skarsgard fans. The book is fine.
B00CDT41RY|5.0|NOTE: READ COMMENTS BELOW REVIEW CONCERNING THOSE WHO HATE THIS FILM BECAUSE OF THE RACIAL ATTITUDE IT HAS AND MY SYNOPSIS AS TO WHY I FEEL IT'S TOTALLY WARRANTED FOR THIS FILM TO INCLUDE WHAT IS COMMONLY KNOWN AS THE \\"N\\" WORD, AND OTHER RACIALLY BIGOTED MATERIAL.<br /><br />Leonardo Dicaprio's performance in this film is truly astonishing! How he didn't win an Oscar for this incredible performance is shameful. As much as I love Christoph Waltz, and I really, really love the guy, Dicaprio should have won the the best supporting actor Oscar. His performance is that good. Waltz deserves it very much so, don't get me wrong, but Leo was simply amazing. Waltz was also in every sense of the word simply unforgettable, as was Don Johnson, Samuel Jackson, and numerous others. The acting in fact is impeccable by nearly the entire cast. No doubt Tarantino had something to do with this in great part. But as far as acting goes Leo's performance is the crowning jewel in this film. The first 3 times I saw this movie I wasn't totally convinced of that. In fact sometimes Tarantino movies really need to grow on you. You can't take it all in from just one sitting. Once it grows on you, like a fine wine, you can then begin to put all the pieces together and watch the beauty of it's lush vineyards blossom right in front of you. And I'm certain Leo is so damned good in this movie he has pretty much nearly stolen the show from Christoph even though his time on-screen is less than a third the time Christoph is onscreen, yet you can't help but notice how completely into his character he really is. It's almost scary at times. In fact during filming one scene Leo accidentally cut his hand open, but he never broke character and they just kept on shooting. That is pretty astonishing when you think about it. I was never a big fan of Leo's, but now Now I really am. So I've spent a little too much time singing praises for Leo, that I haven't really reviewed the movie. Well all I can say is that many other very well written reviews can take care of that, but I will say if you see Django Unchained and don't like it, see it several times then pass a judgement. The chance is pretty good you'll like it more and more the more times you see it. This movie is maybe QT's best film. Maybe even better than Pulp Fiction, dare I say.  By the time you see it 3 or 4 times it becomes clear your watching an masterpiece by any measure. It's truly a triumph for Tarantino. And as far as I am concerned easily by leaps and bounds the best film of the year. Though it lost the Oscar to Argo, and though Argo is an excellent movie, Django Unchained is much, much better.ny other very well written reviews can take care of that, but I will say if you see Django Unchained and don't like it, see it several times then pass a judgement. The chance is pretty good you'll like it more and more the more times you see it. This movie is maybe QT's best film. Maybe even better than Pulp Fiction, dare I say.  By the time you see it 3 or 4 times it becomes clear your watching an masterpiece by any measure. It's truly a triumph for Tarantino. And as far as I am concerned easily by leaps and bounds the best film of the year. Though it lost the Oscar to Argo, and though Argo is an excellent movie, Django Unchained is much, much better.
B001TH16DI|5.0|Since I was a kid my mother and I had watched these periodically throughout my childhood. When we lost her, these movies are a little slice of some of those memories. One of the great things about these movies is that they are memorable in any situation and provide a very decent storyline with mediocre actors. They sometimes oversell their performance, but are great with the turnout.
B0007Y08QA|5.0|This film was extremely strange and haunting in its insanity. It had a very moody and otherworldly somber soundtrack in the tradition of Bernard Herrmann. The film was directed in a Hitchcock/De Palma/Lynch sort of style that kept me guessing and intrigued, while offering the classic bizzare and unsettling mood of a David Lynch sort of story. If it wasn't enough that Christian Bale starved him self physically to the point that he could have seriously suffered major health issues from it, on top of that he was seriously mesmerizing in this role. Literally eating so little to prepare for this role that he resembled a concentration camp victim out of Auschwitz, the guy simply freightens me with his dedication to his job. Actors rarely are willing to go this far to appease what the role demands of him. Certainly Bale is nearly as insane as the character he plays here to sacrifice his health to such unthinkable depths to play the part. I call that true dedication to acting. I remember once caring little for this actor, but he has won me over over in the past few years with amazing performance after amazing performance. So much so that he has become one of my most favorite actors. DeNiro gaining weight to play a boxer seems far more easy to comprehend than the hell Bale must have gone through to play this part. This is an amazing actor. Im blown away by this guy.
0062024329|5.0|Awesome quality. This is an awesome illustration of the original book it's just as I imagined it when I was reading the original it's nice.
B00125JP1C|1.0|Shoot'em up takes cheeseball action cinema to a new goofy extreme, and it's so silly I wanted to like it very much, but the longer the film went on the more ridiculous it became, and the more I hated it. I suppose part of the point of this picture is that it is supposed to be ridiculous, but it's not ridiculous in a good way at all. The acting seems weak to downright dreadful. The script goes for lowball funny jabs within one-liners, but the whole delivery of these lines makes it seem seriously predictable and downright annoying. Many of the moments that are there for comedy don't seem as funny as they do stupid and inept. I found my self thinking things like \\"Oh gawd, I could have guessed he was going to say that and I was praying he wouldn't cuz if he does it's gonna be all downhill from here\\" about 20 times. By the time it got to the overly fake looking skydiving shootout segment(which is near the end)I couldn't barely take it anymore. I shut the film off. I shut it off to save my self any further brain damage from this film, which putting it simply was pretty bad. The action sequences promised to be so insane and over the top that it would be the most amazing action footage ever committed to film. But it fails to do this dreadfully because there have been other films that had such sequences that were even more ridiculous and over the top that were done with real creativity. First film that comes to mind off the top of my head is Kill Bill volume I. I should have stuck that in the Bluray player instead of this crap. This movie was downright dreadful.
B009UX2YAC|5.0|Omg its awesome it's amusing you know what I think? B-) civic slender t-shirts I djkdb :^) f2f d f2f not xxx sorry saw a spider on my keyboard but just get the game!
B001UEBHYS|1.0|Let me begin by saying simply- \\"I did not like this film at all\\". But let me explain why. The film runs not only in constant flashback segments, but it also has a fractured and fragmented style of editing that was both confusing and art house experimental in style. The entire film seemed confused with it's self and what it was trying to present it's self as. For instance, when MIA's excellent track 'Paper Planes' was thrown into a scene, the film took a direction that felt like an experimental music video, tourist commercial, or some kind of low budget after school special. The film uses jolty and dizzying camera angles sometimes, and then other moments those camera techniques are dismissed in favor of more traditional ones. Our main characters are supposed to feel to us like tortured children who are caught in great exploitation and misfortune, yet when the audience might just begin to feel concerned about them they become deceptive thieves who would go as far to commit murder. I also felt it was not very appealing to showcase India's government officials as those who would commit torture on one of their citizens simply because he won a vast amount of money on a game show. That to me was rediculous. To add insult to injury the film is filled with constant depressing landscapes and violent moments, and much of the comic relief was bizzare and over the top. In my opinion this film contains nothing that should garner it even a single academy award nomination, much less a best picture nod. What happened to the great hollywood films that once deserved and won the oscars? Why didn't 'Milk', a powerful and important film win the best picture oscar instead of this mess? yes I truly did not like this movie at all.
B00A9V2JSG|5.0|Loved this book! Anyone, whether you like romance, sci-fi, futuristic, or adventure type books, will love this! I would recommend it to anyone I know!
B000TEUSJK|3.0|Caligula is a one of a kind film. It is so graphic and so shocking that it will put the average viewer in a state of disbelief at what they are seeing on the screen much of the time, even if those individuals are not known to be particularly prudish. This uncut version is truly discusting and very shocking. It is filled with constant full frontal nudity by both men and women, people having actual sex of every imaginable kind. Men having oral sex with men, lesbian sex, people urinating on each other, orgies taking place where dozens of people are actualy having sex right in front of world renowned actors, Sex with dildos and other objects, and even acts so discusting I dare even mention them here. There is plenty of pretty graphic and sadistic violence as well. And most of all it is still hard to imagine the man who once played Lawrence of Arabia reciting his lines while people are actually having sex right in front of him. But the thing that amazes me about this movie is how good the acting actually is. How incredible the sets and costumes are, and the script isn't really too bad either. This is the biggest budget adult film ever made. I can't understand how major actors like John Gielgud, Peter O'Toole, Helen Mirren, and Malcolm McDowell ever agreed to do this movie. Caligula is truly a sick movie, but it is so well made that it is hard to ignore. Only the most depraved people on earth can sit through this film without being rather shocked. So if you decide to see this version, prepare your self, It is very frank and very X rated.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|This book was absolutely amazing!  I couldn't put it down. Wide range of emotions felt but it was great. I loved it and recommend it to everyone.
B002N14GPE|4.0|The first time I had heard of this film was when I saw a 6' tall standee for the film in the lobby of an Imax theater. I kept staring at the image of this girl in pigtails and choker and thought to my self \\"something tells me this is going to be a really good movie\\", and boy was I right. Good creepy shocks and many memorable moments. Isabelle Fuhrman, a 13 year old american actress has recieved critical acclaim for her performance in this film as Esther, an Orphan child born in Russia who now lives in an orphanage in the United states. Vera Farmiga(The Departed)and Peter Sarsgaard(Flight plan) play a couple looking to adopt a child. They meet Esther and find her compelling, bright, intelligent, and well mannered, so they decide to adopt her and she lives with them and their 2 other children. Their youngest daughter is nearly completely deaf and the family engages conversation with her via sign language. Esther at first appeals to every member of the family accept their son who finds her very odd, and he is embarrased by her strange personality and style of dress around his school pals, so he begins to resent her. But Esther easily connects with the rest of the family, especially their deaf youngest child. But Soon horrifying secrets are revieled as strange and sometimes deadly events take place. Esther shows how evil and twisted she really is. Both Farmiga and Sarsgaard make the perfect parents with strong performances, but most of what makes this film truly memorable and effective is the superb performance by Isabelle Fuhrman, who brings Esther to terrifying life. If this young actress can make a few right choices and be lucky enough to get a few more juicy roles over the next few years, she might very well become a superstar. I was very impressed by her performance. Pretty incredible work from an actress who was all of 12 years old when this film was shot. I eagerly look forward to seeing her again in other films in the future.
B009UX2YAC|5.0|My kids love this. They love showing me up. Lol. We have fun taking turns playing. Family time is very important to us and this helps make it happen.
B003V9OCIS|5.0|Deutschland has been producing some exceptional films in the past few years. Films that are every bit as expertly crafted as any american director could accomplish. Perhaps even better. Especially over the past 5 years. Being my family roots are deeply Germanic, I have seen many German films over my lifetime, and two of the best I have ever seen are this film and director Uli Edel's masterpiece, Der Baader Meinhof Komplex, the sweeping violent epic about the rise and fall of Deutschland's Red Army faction. Nordwand is a powerful suspense filled adventure based on a true story, that sadly doesnt have a happy ending. Seeing this film brought back to memory Clint Eastwood's film The Eiger Sanction, which like this movie was also actually filmed on the north face of Mount Eiger in Switzerland. During the production of Eiger Sanction, Eastwood did his own climbing and stunts. He broke his arm during a nasty fall on the mountain, and a camera man was killed on the north face when a bolder from above hit the man sending him down the mountain to his death. Eastwood had been in that very spot just 30 seconds before the tragedy. Eastwood had never been closer to his death than he was then. I wouldn't be surprised if someone actually died during the production of this film as well. Making another film on the same summit of the Eiger as Eastwood's thriller is a heroic thing to do indeed. Though the mountain climbing sequences in Clin'ts film are truly astonishing, they are far more dramatic and suspensfully daring here. This is without a doubt the best film about mountain climbing ever made. Its ultimately a tragic story, but it is masterfully intense from start to finish.
0855329483|5.0|I simply love this ribbon book and have so many ribbon ideas to create. This will definitely keep me busy.
B002SJIO5E|2.0|District 9 is the sort of film that sits just on the edge of being remembered as a great science fiction classic, but sits far below dozens of better sci-fi movies of the recent and distant past. Personally I was expecting a lot more. Being aware of the basic story before I saw it, and knowing Peter Jackson's name was attached to this film had me hoping that at some point our mistreated aliens would take up arms against the humans and mount a massive battle. The film opens the door to this possibility but it never happens. As it turns out one human and one alien would be the only ones fighting any sort of heroic battle against this oppression. Also in the middle of all this are a small handful of African rebels who are heroes to no one but their own cause, and who would kill humans and aliens alike. When the gun battles begin it ends up that the only heroes in the film might be the gentle alien and his son, who attempt to regain control of a special black fluid that can be used to fuel a small craft which can get them back to their mother ship floating miles above the slums they have been forced to live in. The remaining human helps them much of the film for the sake of his own life, knowing that the aliens have a way to help save him before it's too late. You keep rooting that he will do the right thing, and he finally does do the right thing. But when the battle begins I wondered where all the hundreds of thousands of aliens living in these small shanty town shacks were. They were nowhere to be seen. Were they all hiding in their little shacks? I mean the streets were empty except for government sanctioned special troops and the hunted human and alien they were searching for. This seemed a bit odd to me. None the less District 9 has some impressive special effects and the film is extremely exciting and action packed. There is also a great deal of humor along the way, especially during the first 15 minutes, which at times seems a bit campy and comical. But all gripes aside this film is still hard to ignore, and it was entertaining. But I do not agree it's some kind of classic at all, just a slightly above average science fiction movie.es aside this film is still hard to ignore, and it was entertaining. But I do not agree it's some kind of classic at all, just a slightly above average science fiction movie.
B004EBZX6W|4.0|I actually discovered this app on my own, but seeing Aaron Newcomb review it on the TWiT network really reinforced to me how great this app is.  I can identify all nearby access points and determine their ranges, channels, and security levels.  Perfect for finding conflict between WAPs.
B00628RVV0|2.0|This film was really pretty good, but it has some problems I couldn't get past. The first thing I found only slightly irritating is that it took a bit of time to get used to american and British actors playing Germans who spoke with a British accent. Not a major problem of course but none the less it was a little bit of an annoyance. Secondly, I am having a very hard time believing that such an event could have actually happened. Not knowing if this film is based on a true story or not had me wondering that if it did happen, how? There was some things that didn't make sense. For instance a German boy befriends a Jewish boy by secretly sneaking off from his home near a concentration camp where the Jewish boy was imprisoned. He goes to the site to see what it was really like there out of an adventurous spirit. Anyway the friendship that develops between these two boys happens in broad daylight, through a fence that is in plain view of risen guard shacks around the camp. The two play games like checkers, and the German boy brings food and often passes it through the fence to the Jewish boy. So it's very hard to swallow that no Nazi guard saw any of this at all and attempted to put a stop to it. The story as a whole only works if the situation is believable. But based on the very small concrete pile that was meant to hide the goings on between the two boys, it simply is not plausable that within the visual representation that this friendship could have ever happened. If it did and the story is true then the film fails to make the scenario believable. I also found it difficult to believe that this very intelligent German boy could remain so clueless about this camp and not at least know something very bad was going on in there. Basically though this film tells a much different story than other films about the Holocaust and it was very well acted and well made, and I was happy to see that there was nearly no violence in the entire film.
B008CPZNL6|2.0|I had flipboard on a previous kindle HD and it worked great most of the time. When I reinstalled the app on my new kindle HD it didn't work at all. Took me forever to log in and now it just hangs, never updating. I've tried all of the recommended troubleshooting tips. I have flipboard on my iPhone and it works beautifully. I hope the app is updated soon so I can enjoy it on my kindle HD again.
B006GM8NXM|5.0|HBO just seems to be on a rol with one good series after another. They have hit another bullseye with season #1 of True Blood. Anna Paquin was the perfect casting choice to play the odd Sookie, who has the rare ability to hear the thoughts of people around her. Paquin also has an unusual virginal sensuality about her that works well with the subject matter. The Vampirism that centralizes the series uses many of the usual cliche's of the historical vampire legends, but it never takes it's subject too seriously, which is why this works so well. It's often very comical in the way it creates sarcasm out of the subject of vampires co-existing with humans, and the series gives the audience the opportunity to experience what the world might possibly be like if Vampires did exist and were attempting to establish themselves among the living as entities that should have all the rights and fair treatment that every american citizen should deserve and expect. The series introduces us to that situation as though it has been a long standing and generally accepted fact of life. It's a normal and acepted part of life reality in Sookie's world, and it makes for some seriously hysterical moments. The wit, humor, and interesting subject matter comes out of the day to day issues of humans living among vampires and how they relate to each other. All the characters in the series are interesting with well cast actors in these roles. Of course there is plenty of graphic language, sex, violence and plenty of blood. Somehow 'True blood' always seems refreshing and compelling even when it does have moments that could be thought of as boring. I especially love Anna Paquin's performace in this series. Not only is she absolutely gorgeous, but her acting is incredible through this entire first season. Top notch electrifying entertainment.
B000Y5JFNE|5.0|I loved this movie when it came out and was glad when they put it into blu-ray.  I still love it
B004SIP6WW|4.0|Copland was actually a pretty decent film over all but nothing to write home about. One thing I found interesting is that the central character is played by Silvester Stallone who portrays a local sherrif who wanted to be a city cop but couldn't pass the entrance requirements because he suffered hearing loss in one ear when he was a younger man. You would think he wouldnt make an interesting choice to play this role when you consider other oscar caliber actors like Ray Liotta, Robert De Niro, and Harvey Kietel play major roles in this film. But as it turns out Silvester was the perfect choice to play this character and he did pretty good playing this guy. Another aspect I enjoyed was noticing all the actors that were in this film that were regulars on HBOs hit series, The Sopranos. Eddie Falco, Robert Patrick, Frank Vincent, Annabella Sciorra, Arthur J. Nascarella and a few others played major characters on the series. No doubt the casting directors of the award wining HBO series must have used this film as a reference when decided on who would be cast in roles in that series. After all the mafia plays a role in this film about police corruption that begins simple enough then escalates out of control. Its a movie with a few embalances but it was pretty decent.
B00BEZTMFY|5.0|I didn't know how I would like \\"The Hobbit\\" broken down into a trilogy but I shouldn't have been concerned. \\"The Hobbit:An Unexpected Journey\\" was a fun action-packed tribute to Tolkien and a great start to the LOTR prequel.<br /><br />The cinematography was gorgeous. The special effects were jaw dropping. It was wonderful seeing some of my old friends again, like Bilbo Baggins and Gandalf plus the new cast of the 13 dwarves.<br /><br />Gollum was even creepier this time around, especially in the riddle sequence.<br /><br />Peter Jackson has done an admirable job of bringing another of my favorite books alive. I can hardly wait for part two \\"The Desolation of Smaug\\" due out later in 2013.
B00004RJ71|5.0|Though it has its weaknesses here and there, like moments of overly dramatic acting, for the most part Blood in/Blood out is truly Epic and bruvara film making. To get the full impact of this film you really must see the 3 hr 10 min directors cut. Taylor Hackford brilliantly and accurately brings to life the world of gang existance in east Los Angeles during the 1970s. Shot on location in Los Angeles and also inside the California state prison system, Hackford beautifully creates an exciting backdrop within these locals to tell the story of brotherhood, family, love, betrayal, loss of innocence, and death. Damian Chapa plays a half breed white/Chicano teenager who leaves his fathers home in Los Vegas to move back to Los Angeles to rejoin his boyhood friends. Benjamin Bratt plays his closest friend whom he lives with. They are joined together by blood oath into the neighborhood gang. Some violent and heartbreaking events lead the two in totally different directions. One is sent to prison and begins a stunning acsension to power as chief of a prison gang while the other leaves his life as leader of the gang they both belonged to in the outside world behind and becomes a police detective. Terrible events occure that bring the two of them together once again. One ordering the death of rival gang members within and without prison walls, and the other using the power of the law and their bond of friendship to try and stop the killing. More than half this film is shot within the walls of the prison system, and actual inmates were used as extras, which added a great deal of realism to the film. Chapa and Bratt are both electrifying, and they are joined by numerous familiar actors in very memorable roles such as Delroy Lindo, Billy Bob Thornton, Danny Trejo, and Ving Rhames. I absolutely loved this movie. Its filled with great characters, many excellent performances, and great moving and electrifying moments.
B009NY43NY|2.0|The final installment of Sookie Stackhouse followed the same formula as many of Ms. Harris' mystery novels: a murder taking up most of the plot with a little bit of everyday life in a small town to pad out the background. The problem with this approach is the murder mystery added nothing to the overall series, and the series itself was at the point where relationships and motivations needed resolution. As a character, Sookie Stackhouse is all about what people do, more than what people say. Bill loved her, but he had deceived her. Quinn loved her, but his own family came first. So Sookie would have to have really understood what her actions with the cluviel dor represented- she saved one man at the expense of another. Now what? Both men avoid her for most of the book and the answer is jammed in near the end with no buildup. I have to admit I did not see that approach coming.
B001MYIXAC|5.0|'Let the right one in', a vampire tale from Sweden seemed to come out of nowhere recently. Since appearing on dvd and this site(available for instant viewing), there has been a lot of praise for it as something of a special horror film. It seems to impress many people who see it far more than they expect. This is one of those horror films that comes along that really stands on it's own. Well acted, well directed, unique, moody, atmospheric, and truly horrfying in it's simplicity. 12 year old Oskar is an outcast. A frail young boy who get's picked on by his school mates. He befriends a strange girl named Eli. He is emmediately enamored by her and desires to be her friend. He finds her to be a strange girl who seems to not be effected by the harsh cold conditions of the snowy landscape, and seems rather comfortable in light clothing in such harsh conditions. He finds this of interest as he does many other odd attributes about her. At first she tells him he cannot be her friend, but they connect none the less. Eli spends her days in an apartment that has it's windows covered over. Murder victims begin to appear in the town, and a witness of one murder claims that a young girl had attacked the victim viciously. Before long Eli is in danger of her dark secret being discovered. Oskar begins to discover what dark secret Eli is hiding. They grow closer and protect one another as the film progresses. This movie is the most original and engrossing vampire tale to be made in a long time. After two viewings so far, I am compelled to think it may be one of the best, if not the best vampire movie ever made. A superb production that deserves to be noticed. I highly recommend 'let the right one in'
B00BQ1DBUS|5.0|At the ripe old age of 68, Rod has stuck gold once again. \\"Time\\" is simply the best Stewart album in over two decades. It's fresh, but at the same time contains notes of Rod's previous recordings stretching all the way back through the 70's. His voice my have aged, but has done so like that of a smooth single malt scotch wiskey. This a fantastic recording by a brilliant artist. Well done Mr. Stewart, well done! [[ASIN:B00CMDY0WC Rod Stewart, iTunes @ 10, Emii, Patty Griffin - May 4, 2013 Billboard Magazine]]
B000A6T1JU|5.0|Gritty 70's cinema rarely got this eventful. The Warriors became a small phenomenon during it's initial release. By today's standards the violence in the film seems rather tame, but in this period of the 70's some critics slammed the movie because of it's excessive violence, and for good reason. The film seemed to glorify the idea of gangs and being a member of one. Though obviously some of the gangs in this film seem like comic book characters, especially the 'baseball furies' who paint their faces, wear baseball uniforms and used baseball bats as weapons. With that inclusion alone there seems to be a little bit of a 'Clockwork Orange' influence to the movie. In the 70's this film seemed like the real thing none the less. The only people who knew gangs like this really didn't exist were real gang members back then. The film also did in fact influence some teenagers to emulate some of the characters in the film, and the film was blamed for a short outbreak of \\"gang related\\" violence. The film worked very well because director Walter Hill had a good vibe for the city. NY city made a great backdrop for a film like this. Gang fights in subway stations and central park by night highlight some exciting acton sequences. The audience get's to imagine what it would be like to be part of a street gang. This gang- falsely accused of murder and fighting their way 50 miles back to their turf. One outstanding thing about this film was James Remar(Cruising, What lies Beneath, Django Unchained) as the head-strong and tough warrior member, Ajax. He is hard to forget once you've seen him in this film. Michael Beck(Xanadu) makes the perfect gang leader.
B005LAII62|5.0|This was a cute movie starring a young boy who can speak to the dead and who helps to save his town from a witches curse.<br /><br />There is also an underlying message about bullies in this story. Which I kind of liked to see. The characters grew from the beginning of the movie to the end.<br /><br />My kids and I thoroughly enjoyed the movie which is why I am giving it five stars.<br /><br />I didn't see the movie as particularly scary but it was scary for my four year old so I would advise parents to use their best judgement when sharing this movie with the youngsters. Some kids are more mature than others.
B0035G0U2O|2.0|This film is very formula ridden, but the news is not all bad. The best portions of the production happen during the first half of the movie when the greatest destruction takes place. Sometimes it looks pretty spectacular, and our hats should come off to a very well done choreography of mammoth special effects. There is some other good news too. Cusack does indeed rise to the occasion and provides a decent performance though he has a run of the mill disaster script to work with. I was very surprised to see the great George Seagal in a rare cameo too. I had thought maybe he had passed on. In the 70's he was a pretty successful actor, so it was nice to see him again. Somehow though this picture has far less impressive special effects than Emmerich's Independence day, but none the less this the film is missing the over all better story, characters and plot that still makes ID a superior film. But then this film is far better than the dreadful Day After Tomorrow. But let's not get too big for our pants and maybe we should be thankful that we do have a director who can manage a decent disaster film. Emmerich is Our present day Ronald Neame and Irwin Allen rolled into one. I mean someone with a flair for big budget disaster has to be there to give us films like The Poseidon Adventure and The Towering Inferno or it would simply be unamerican don't you think? Emmerich does indeed know how to make the destruction of the world look ok I guess, all be it, shamefully over the top in this instance. And he follows suit perfectly too with basically dry and contrived scripts just as disaster films had in the 1970s. Maybe it's run dry dude! Time to find another career.
B00A3NQNUU|5.0|love the app and spoiler alert if you want to know how to breed lots of rare dragons use this combo cold+firefly it takes a few tries but I got the spring dragon and the sun dragon only down side lots of thing call for gems that have to be bought other wise great app tips for beginners keep dragon habitats and decor organized or your park wont be to hot also buy habitats first!
B003NTSBUG|3.0|Scorsese has made a near perfect masterpiece this time. Shutter Island represents some truly breath-taking film making that truly astounds. In fact Scorsese reaches an almost Kubrickian style of film making that is a wonder to behold. Nothing about this film resembles the style of film making we have been used to seeing from Marty over the past 25 years. This movie feels more like a Welles or Kubrick work of art. My only complaint is that I didn't like the end of the story its self. I was hoping(without giving too much away) that the US marshal DiCaprio plays might have been right and it was as he first suspected. The end left me feeling a bit unsatisfied. Certainly not the fault of the cast and crew, just not the ending that I would have wanted to see(I never read the book). Beyond this, the film is a gripping, often masterful achievement. I was very pleased to see Mark Ruffalo in a strong supporting role in this film. He also played the lead detective in the superb Zodiac. His SFPD character was my favorite in that film. Interesting tidbit about Ruffalo, he was stricken with a brain tumor and nearly died, but survived after surgery to remove the tumor. Amazing that this superb actor is still here with us. I love this actor very much. Also along for the ride is Ted Levine, who played the killer in Silence of the lambs, as well as the great Max Von Sydow(father Merrin from The Exorcist). He looked older in The Exorcist than he does now, and that was filmed between 1972-1973. The guy is like a timex watch, he just keeps on ticking. Glad he's still around after all these years. And as ever, Leo is excellent (when is he not?) This film is a top notch superb production from start to finish that kept me electrified the entire way through. Except of course for the end.
B00A8ECU24|1.0|While I would love to give this game a good review, I just can't. The graphics, voices, art-style, and shout-outs to kids/fans may be spot on, but there are too many other factors that ruin the experience.<br /><br />Gameplay~<br /><br />Overall, gameplay is simple. Overly so, even for children. You basically buy ponies for the sole purpose of putting them to work so they can produce bits/element shards for you to use in buying more ponies/buildings, and only play with them to level them up so they can produce more bits.<br /><br />Buy a pony, put pony to work, collect money/resources, repeat. What am I doing, running a pony powered sweatshop? The Bit system, as well as gems and hearts are all REALLY messed up. For example, every time you buy a sector of land, the price of the next one you need to buy goes up in leaps and bounds, the 1st cost 1000, the 2nd 5000, and by the 3rd it cost 10000, and that's not including the amount everything else costs! Getting rid of rocks, setting up shops, playing with ponies, buying more ponies and pointless decorations... Even with your shops going full throttle, they only put out a fraction of that, and you'll spend bits A LOT faster than make them.<br /><br />Outside of performing the quests and watching the story unfold with some fun text and lovely voice acting, this game is mainly comprised of saving up for your next upgrade/pony/building, quest completion, a nearly pointless level up system, and playing silly little mini games with the ponies. All and all, just a pretty candy-colored time waster. There is very little strategy outside of finding the shortest way to the next element.<br /><br />Beyond that there is the issue where ponies that you NEED in order to complete the game (such as Rarity and Rainbow Dash) cost REAL money! This is flat out BAD and LAZY game design. Even the worst game designers should know that charging for in game necessities is a no-no. The very idea that they made these essential characters cost money suggests that even THEY know this game is badly put together, and that they feel the only way they will make any money off it is by forcing a purchase on the player in order to continue. Most free-to-play games only offer extras and incentives at an additional cost, but MLP has sunk to a new level of greed.<br /><br />If you are unwilling to spend, you can waste time leveling up to collect enough gems, but it will take awhile, and the game practically comes to a stand still until you do. Just don't be surprised when everything else soon costs real money too! Even at a glance you can tell that this app is banking on fans, the impatient, overly generous parents, and careless children hitting the wrong button in order for them to make a quick buck.<br /><br />Another issue I have is the connecting element. Facebook? Twitter? Even connecting to other Gameloft players... for a game from a company (Hasbro) who's target age group is ages 3-8? WHY? If parents even let a child that young have an account for these websites... (I know I wouldn't!) but why on earth is this a MUST to advance in the game? I know the theme of MLP is friendship, but for children that young I think that connecting to sites like Facebook should be a choice the parents make, an OPTIONAL thing, NOT a game/quest requirement that takes gems ($) to skip! While this may be ok for older players, and even desired by some, I speak with the kids and anyone who does not want to/can not connect in mind. Nobody should have only the choice to connect, or be forced to PAY in order to remain anonymous.<br /><br />Storyline~<br /><br />I personally was hoping to see some creative awesome, maybe a new adventure to play outside of the main story, yet I stand disappointed that this was just a rehash of the show, and not even a good one at that.<br /><br />For one, Gameloft made ZERO effort in keeping the story straight. There is no continuity. The base story is generally from the first and second episode, stopping Nightmare Moon's plot to bring everlasting night. Yet Twilight talks as if she's already been friends with everyone for ages. Still, you find Elements of Harmony, and gather your friends to save Ponyville. Why then is it when you unlock the train (at lvl 15), that it takes you to Canterlot and begins the plot for the Finale of Season 2!? At that point I only had ONE element back, out of SIX! Even in Canterlot, you still need to buy sectors of land back from NMM's control, and you can start planning the Canterlot Wedding BEFORE defeating her! What's next? Discord crashing the Wedding? Fans of the show will find themselves frustrated at this bizarre mash-up, and anyone else will just end up oblivious or confused.<br /><br />Overall~<br /><br />At first, the game is pleasing, fun, and full of vocals. Sadly it goes downhill from there. The games, actions, even the quests quickly become repetitive, boring, and increasingly expensive. If you have a lot of time to waste, have infinite patience, or don't mind spending lots of real money, or are content with just playing anything MLP, than you may like this. If not, don't waste your time.
B006RXPTNM|3.0|I\\"doubted\\" I would like this film very much based on the subject matter at hand, but as it turned out I did find it appealing on the level that the issue of priests in the catholic church being accused of misconduct is examined through over-zealous suspicion rather than fact. In this case accusations of sexual misconduct against a priest (Hoffman) by a suspicious nun(Streep) is only presumed and never proven. In a sense the film makes a case for the possible innocence of priests accused of such terrible things in the catholic church who may indeed be innocent of such charges based on fanatical presumptions of their accusers rather than evidence. In reality though, the history of priests accused of such discusting things in the catholic church is not without hard evidence. The charges often reveiled are perpetrated by the victims, so the evidence leaves little room for \\"Doubt\\" in the real world. The film however in a sense is a lesson for all of us. The message was clear that sometimes the things we believe to be true about people might very well not be. I liked this film for it's fantastic acting, and it did have a good story to tell and some interesting points to consider, but I didn't feel it was a film that I would remember for years to come. A very well made film though with some obvious respectable qualities.
B009NY43NY|1.0|Agree with most of the other 1-star ratings. It's not the ending that was unsatisfactory or implausible. An author's entitled to take a story where they wish. But, the book had such discontinuity from previous books. And, filler tossed in. The book felt forced somehow. Was the author's heart even in it? I do thank Ms. Harris for the lovely characters and previous books in this Sookie series.
B002C4YYEU|3.0|This in my estimate is a 3 1/2 star movie, so if I could give it that here I would have. It's a pretty good movie but not a classic or even a great film. The best part of this film is the first 90 minutes from Benjamin's birth as an old man, and on down untill he reaches maybe his 50's. The film is pretty much exceptional and wonderful during it's first half, but it's less interesting as it moves onward. It is unique, touching, and generally incredible to see Benjamin begin as a small baby and yet have all the characteristics of an old man. The aging effects of the central character are amazing. It is incredible to watch him grow younger, learning who he is, how to walk, and how to cope with his unusual sort of cycle of life. The film is truly great during these segments. Many of the characters following along in this portion of the film are memorable and interesting as well. But by the time Benjamin progresses downward into his 40's and younger, the aging process seems to weaken. Benjamin stays looking between 40 and 20 far too long, but what really doesn't work well is that some of the characters who were in their 30's and 40's during the earlier part of the film don't seem to look as old as they should some 50 years later. The effects people did a very good job at making Brad Pitt look 20 though, It was very convincing. Sadly though the film seems less interesting during it's second half, and it does have too many simularities with Forrest Gump, which in my assesment forces it to take a hit or two here and there. I really felt it was a better than average film and for it's first half deserved to be in Oscar territory.
B00BAVCD8A|5.0|This album is amazing. It has a different sound but hey, so does every album. I would definitely recommend this to anyone.
B009NY43NY|1.0|What a disappointing, bad writing, inconsistence book. Is that the best way to end a 13 books series? I think not. The only feeling I have after reading the book is that I feel betrayed. I have put so much passion and money on the series. All I got is this stupid, ridiculous, disgusting so called HEA. Your money has better use. Do not waste on this book.
193700788X|2.0|On one hand I am pleased that there is an end to the series to give a sense of completion. However, I felt the story was unsatisfying. There was a lack of depth and emotional pull when so many characters are forced back into a book. I recognize there were few options left open for an ending but this one feels fake. This used to be one of my favorite series and now I feel Sookie is a little pathetic. I see her as weak and willing to settle for what life gives her instead of doing something about anything.  In the story things happen to her and then resolve themselves. Sookie is inconsequential in effecting the outcome really. She's just there and then it ends.
193700788X|1.0|Wish I could have all the money I spent on her books back.<br /><br />No need to go on any further, this book is such a disgrace to her entire series.
193700788X|1.0|What a disappointing end to a series I used to love, and used to be obsessed with talking about. Sloppy writing, mediocre plots with no sense of suspense, characters acting out of character, and sudden contradictions of cannon created by the writer herself, made for this to be a sad ending.<br /><br />The two murder plots were embarrassingly amateurish and full of plot holes, complete with impromptu kidnappings in front of an entire bar full of people (because that was always going to work) and 11th hour introductions to devils and soulless humans (um...what? Since when?).  And even when people are held at gunpoint (yet again), there was no sense of suspense. I just waited for Sookie to show up, get shot (again), with someone there to immediately rescue her (again). And while it may have been sweet to bring back all the characters for a final curtain call, each with one miniscule piece to solve the puzzle, it made for a tedious, jumbled mess of a plot. It would have been better to split up the last scenes with every character over two books, at least, so it wouldn't feel so contrived.<br /><br />This book also included for the first time not only Sookie's 1st person POV, but also a 3rd person POV. While this helped with telling parts of the story that occurred away from Sookie, it was jarring to go from 1st person POV to 3rd POV and back again. Harris would have been better served to follow Rachel Caine's example in her Morganville series when she simply added other 1st person POVs in order to give the reader more information.<br /><br />As for the characters acting out of character, it didn't feel like a single major character acted true to form, except for perhaps Pam. We have Eric acting like a desperate a-hole, claiming he had always wanted to turn Sookie, even against her will, even when in previous books he had promised not to do so (and he's always come through on his promises, whether you like him as a character or not). We have Bill acting surprisingly immature and douche-baggy when he basically says, \\"Nyah, nyah, nyah, Eric. I'm telling on you!\\" We have Sam now claiming he's always loved Sookie, but was prevented from pursuing her by Eric. However, Sam has had 12 books to make a move on Sookie, not including all the years Sookie had worked for him before DUD even started. And other than a minor spark of interest that fizzled quickly in DUD when Bill showed his interest first (as though Sam finally realized Sookie was a girl), and a spontaneous make-out session in DAAD (which Sookie quickly decides was a mistake), he hasn't shown any interest in her at all. And in fact, seems to have a bad habit of falling for women who want Sookie dead (Callista, Tanya, and Jannalyn). And now we're supposed to believe he didn't think he was good enough for Sookie because he had something against his shifter background? I might have believed that before he turned into a fricking LION in FDTW, but not after. And finally we have Sookie, who was always a champion for humans and supes alike to be treated equally, now says nothing when Tara spouts off bigotry against the supes, and even starts thinking like her. We have Sookie who realizes the cluviel dor has affected her feelings and way of thinking, and decides it's nothing, when she had such huge issues dealing with the blood bond (which did NOT, in fact, manipulate her feelings after all). Apparently, the cost of using the cluviel dor is that Sookie loses her ability to think for herself.<br /><br />If all this weren't confusing at best, and incredibly frustrating at worst, there are the numerous contradictions of cannon in this book. There is the obvious one where Sookie cannot read shifter thoughts, but only feelings, when of course she's shown that she can read the specific thoughts of several weres (including Sam himself, more than once) in several books. There is the 11th hour reveal that the maenad's call is irresistible to weres - and Sam only brought this up now because....? Asmentioned above, there is also 11th hour introduction of devils and soulless humans, which of course is largely unexplained and poorly constructed. Fairy is supposedly closed, for good this time by Niall, and yet Claude - who has proved himself to be rather dimwitted - manages to break out of not only fairy prison (which Niall admitted to allowing) but Fairy itself? What, is the door to Fairy closed with tape?<br /><br />Finally, the HEA that Harris promised us was not actually delivered, simply a vague assumption by Sookie that there would be an HEA further down the line. However, she didn't sound all that excited about it, and even admitted that if her HEA walked away that very moment that she would be fine with it. Boy, if that isn't romantic....wait, it's not. I knew that the HEA would either be Eric or Sam. I saw the very minor hints pointing to Sam, but dismissed them as red herrings. Sookie, up until the end of the last book, was by her own words in love with Eric (and if we can't trust her words when the entire story is told from her POV, who can we trust?). While she admired Sam's physique from time to time, there was no mention of actual physical or emotional attraction like there was for Eric. I also dismissed the hints, especially after the last book, because in order to make Sam work I knew Sookie would have to break things off with Eric irrevocably (or he would continue to pursue her as he's done from practically the beginning of the series), get over her feelings for Eric (that are well-documented), realize she has feelings for Sam now beyond that of friendship (when she hasn't in the past), determine Sam has feelings for her as well (when HE hasn't in the past), and then have the passionate HEA that everyone was hoping for. All in one book. Considering how long Harris spent building up the relationship between Eric and Sookie in the other books, through her relationships with Bill and Quinn and her attraction to Alcide, this did not seem as though it could be done. At least, there was no way to do this without a deus ex machina, but then Sookie's reactions would not be believable since she has such issues with the blood bond. I had no idea how things could work out between Eric and Sookie considering the huge obstacles before them, but I also couldn't conceive of a way Harris could make a Sam ending believable either. I thought Sookie ending up alone but content would be the most believable ending, but since Harris promised us an HEA, that was out as well. So I was confused, and worried that the ending would be a poorly written one that wouldn't really satisfy anyone. I was wrong. It was so much worse.<br /><br />So, we have mystery that's not mysterious, action and suspense that are dull and predictable, and romance that falls flat. It feels like Harris lost her inspiration for the series and the characters, for whatever reason, but had to push on anyway due to signed contracts. Very depressing all the way around. I simply cannot recommend this book.mentioned above, there is also 11th hour introduction of devils and soulless humans, which of course is largely unexplained and poorly constructed. Fairy is supposedly closed, for good this time by Niall, and yet Claude - who has proved himself to be rather dimwitted - manages to break out of not only fairy prison (which Niall admitted to allowing) but Fairy itself? What, is the door to Fairy closed with tape?<br /><br />Finally, the HEA that Harris promised us was not actually delivered, simply a vague assumption by Sookie that there would be an HEA further down the line. However, she didn't sound all that excited about it, and even admitted that if her HEA walked away that very moment that she would be fine with it. Boy, if that isn't romantic....wait, it's not. I knew that the HEA would either be Eric or Sam. I saw the very minor hints pointing to Sam, but dismissed them as red herrings. Sookie, up until the end of the last book, was by her own words in love with Eric (and if we can't trust her words when the entire story is told from her POV, who can we trust?). While she admired Sam's physique from time to time, there was no mention of actual physical or emotional attraction like there was for Eric. I also dismissed the hints, especially after the last book, because in order to make Sam work I knew Sookie would have to break things off with Eric irrevocably (or he would continue to pursue her as he's done from practically the beginning of the series), get over her feelings for Eric (that are well-documented), realize she has feelings for Sam now beyond that of friendship (when she hasn't in the past), determine Sam has feelings for her as well (when HE hasn't in the past), and then have the passionate HEA that everyone was hoping for. All in one book. Considering how long Harris spent building up the relationship between Eric and Sookie in the other books, through her relationships with Bill and Quinn and her attraction to Alcide, this did not seem as though it could be done. At least, there was no way to do this without a deus ex machina, but then Sookie's reactions would not be believable since she has such issues with the blood bond. I had no idea how things could work out between Eric and Sookie considering the huge obstacles before them, but I also couldn't conceive of a way Harris could make a Sam ending believable either. I thought Sookie ending up alone but content would be the most believable ending, but since Harris promised us an HEA, that was out as well. So I was confused, and worried that the ending would be a poorly written one that wouldn't really satisfy anyone. I was wrong. It was so much worse.<br /><br />So, we have mystery that's not mysterious, action and suspense that are dull and predictable, and romance that falls flat. It feels like Harris lost her inspiration for the series and the characters, for whatever reason, but had to push on anyway due to signed contracts. Very depressing all the way around. I simply cannot recommend this book.
B008XG1X18|4.0|My daughter got me started and now I am hooked.<br /><br />It takes a little time for to get the hang of it.<br /><br />And now it is fun and allow me to keep gardening, fitness and recipe information st my finger tips.<br /><br />Loving it!
B004J4WKUQ|5.0|All I can say is that for those who were born in and around the 80's or lived through the 80's... this book is for you. I even had my wife read it and she never likes this genre. This is definitely a book I'd read over and over again.
B008C1O8CA|5.0|I cut my teeth on The Ramones and The Violent Femmes and The Sex Pistols. This is punk rock, Green Day with this album show the logical progression from those bands to today-they actually show much higher production values and the songs are much more coherent-but the raw force, the lack of contrivance and the blunt honesty of the bands of my youth are present here in mega-doses. Punk was a reaction to the overproduced cloying overwhelming crap that rock and roll had become; ala \\"Nights in White Satin\\" and \\"A whiter shade of pale\\" YUCH! makes my teeth hurt just thinking about it; those of you who don't know that seem shocked by the aesthetic. With \\"American Idiot\\" and \\"21st Century Breakdown\\" despite having some great songs, it seemed to old timers like me that Green Day had crossed over and was heading into the deep part of the dark-side. With Uno, they have returned to the light; not to say that this is an unflawed effort, it's not, as with most punk/alternative music this is uneven, the lyrics seem over simplified and despite the talent of the players four of the twelve songs sound a whole lot alike, but it bears up to repeated listening, and several of the songs with explicit lyrics really do grow on you. Chaste language and attitudes aren't and never have been part of the punk aesthetic. so, get over it, this is Punk Rock.
B009CVAUIU|1.0|This was a book club pick, and with the great reviews, I was looking forward to it.  It's clear that the reading standards in this country are way below average if anyone actually \\"likes\\" this book.  As another review I read stated:  pointless, rambling drivel, pretty much sums it up.  Read Escape from Camp 14 for a much better story about North Korea.
B00BGIC2J2|3.0|nowhere near as funny as knocked up or 40 year old virgin. i  really was expecting more considering the cast
B004HW7JMO|5.0|The acting in Spartacus is superb. The sets, camera work, and the writing are extremely well done. The language and nudity were perhaps overdone, but the attempt to portray Rome as it was is understood. However, it did not need the exaggeration that many who would enjoy the production immensely might find objectionable. The new actor for Spartacus, who replaced the one who tragically passed away filled the role tremendously. The story is captivating. Scenes, continuity, direction...all blend to make this series very entertaining.
B005CRQ4GU|5.0|This book is so awesome that it is worth wasting your money. Just for a tip you will be a little mad at Rowley. But you need to buy this book.
B004FGMDOQ|5.0|Thoroughly indescribable this book is a must read! A beautiful Si-Fi novel book filled with interesting photos that only add to the experience.
B005OT2YVA|4.0|I like this one probably more than the last one. I like movies like this though. If you thought the first two were decent then you will probably like this one too.
B009NY43NY|4.0|Charlaine Harris continues to bring adventure and entertainment with the Sookie Stackhouse books.  As usual, Dead Ever After picks up where the last book left off and Sookie ends up mixed up in various types of supernatural politics.  The characters that readers of the series have come to know well all seem to make an appearance.  I can't wait for the next book!
B002G1YPH0|5.0|I got this cooler maybe 7 or 8 months ago, and I still love it. At 40% speed, it keeps my CPU at an idle 40 degrees Celsius, and while gaming it keeps me below 50 degrees at all times. If the fan is running at >50% it does get noticeably loud, but anything below that is pretty much silent. Installation was a bit tricky, but I figured it out. As the other reviews say, if you have any trouble consult the video on Newegg. Overall very happy with this product.
B009T8XBBO|1.0|Firstly, it costs 3.99 which is expensive for a game. And also, it wants you to pay more money in the game which is honestly stupid.
0744014549|4.0|This book has good concept art, full of all ideals and designs that went into the game. The coolest part is the book is done by each chapter in the game is the same in the book
B00846REIS|5.0|Loved the series can't wait to see what happens next. Other than Fifty Shades of Gray this is perhaps the best series I have read in a long time. Wish the next book was already out!
1401235425|3.0|Maybe because of all the hype around and waiting for the paperback version for almost 2 years I didn't enjoy it as much as I wanted to...<br />Again it's a good read but I felt the art is too detailled (its difficult to enjoy all of the details in these format and the dark colors)and cartoony for me.<br />Anyway I'll stick to it with volume 2 and 3
B008673ZAQ|5.0|Sylvia Day has a best seller with this book. I loved it. She has a niche for providing the reader with enough suspense and romantic notions to what to read more. I liked this book so much and the series that I was sad that I have to wait to see what happens for the third book.
B005ZOBNOI|4.0|A terrifying reveal of death and its mark on life. Full of the trauma of cancer in multiple manifestations, as well as the emotional tailspin of new and undeniable star-crossed love. Quick, relatable, honest. It was also nice to be so very familiar with the setting.
1451613512|5.0|Excellent View on History to read from a different perspective and opens up more questions about what media tells us.
B00BCX2F66|4.0|Look 8/10<br /><br />First off I will start with the look. The case looks great! The case is perfectly designed to maintain the sleek look of the phone. Very professional looking. It almost looks like real leather. All the holes for ports, mics, camera, light, etc. line up perfectly. With the case open the screen is completely viewable. No obstruction what so ever! I'm very impressed by the stand mode of the case. I've watched several movies and videos and the presentation was awesome. On the back side of the case you will notice creases from putting the phone is stand mode. It can be somewhat of an eye sore but it's to be expected with the function and material used. The front cover tends to prop up somewhat. I've found simply applying little pressure or flipping the phone over for a minute or two will make it lay down.<br /><br />Feel 9/10<br /><br />Now for the feel. The case feels good. It's very soft on the hands. Like I stated in the look, the polycarbonate material looks and almost feels like leather. The inside of the case is even more impressive. The red microfiber material has a suede look and is very soft. So no need to worry about scratches on the screen. The interior edges that hold the phone in place are hard enough to keep the phone snug, with no fear of scratching the edges of your phone.<br /><br />Functionality 8/10<br /><br />First and foremost it's a case. It's no OtterBox© by any means. So don't go throwing this thing out of a window. You will be sorely disappointed. Light drops from reasonable heights, I'd say you would be ok. The stand function is spot on! The stays propped up and doesn't slide or fall. With the free bending back end you can angle it in an array of positions. As I stated previously you will notice creases on the back end. I've made several calls with the case on the phone. It took some getting used to at first. I've asked each person I've called was my voice muffled. Many responded no. All the calls were not made from the same location, so I can't provide any definitive results on the test. The light weight polycarbonate cover does tend to stay propped up from time to time after having it open.<br /><br />Overall 8.5/10<br /><br />Overall I'm completely satisfied by the case. It offers adequate protection for everyday use. The case has a very elegant and professional look. The red microfiber looks and feels soft as suede. Personally the red also eye popping and draws attention to the phone. So get ready to show off that beautiful 1080p screen to all the gawking and jealous on lookers. There isn't much I'd like to see changed in future cases for the HTC One series. A different material used on the back end for folding with stand mode would be great to keep creasing to a minimum. A heavier front cover to have it lay on the phone without applying pressure on it to keep it down. Bigger mic hole to stop possible voice muffling(if the case causes any at all). A heavier front cover would be nice to keep the cover from staying propped open. In conclusion if you want an elegant case that also has stand functionality and keep the sleek look of the phone, this case is a sure buy!
B009G41CG2|4.0|Haven't played this game in a long time. I forgot why I enjoyed it. Keeps my mind alert and active. Very enjoya le and challenging.
B008XG1X18|5.0|I love pinterest. A person just does not know  what information is out their until they begin their search. The web is an information highway. And then you have pinterest  boards so that you can keep all your prettiest and little nit bits of information organized for you.  It's just very awesome.
B000002UC5|5.0|I choose this record because I heard it long time ago and was very interesting hear the first work alone without the Beatles, some somgs are simple but with high feelings ( for his wife for example), and other to hear how he made it playing drums.
B0009PTXTK|5.0|I purchased this to complete a tinker horse &#34;family&#34; for my son. It was just as nice as the two I purchased from a regular store.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|the ending was way too rushed. I felt it could have been more developed. Really enjoyed reading it though! I would definitely recommend this book, enjoy!
B00CHI5B7A|5.0|I am very pleased with this film. The history behind the story really makes it interesting. Awesome performance by all actors and would like to see more films like this in the future. Great job!!! I rated this film a 5 star
193700788X|1.0|Dead ever after SPOILER: Here is my review and I know CH won't like my opinion. I knew the ending of this book because I read the summary that was posted by a German fan a few days ago. The ending was not what I expected or wanted. What went wrong with it? Too many things in my opinion. However, I won't trash the author like many of her fans are doing. After all, this is her series and her story. Let's see:<br /><br />1. it felt like the book in general had a lot of fillers just to add pages counts. It's like 1/4 of the book is full of back stories from all the characters from all the previous books. This is the last book, everybody knows who did what and when so no need to rewrite it again.<br /><br />2. There were also too many stories unresolved and too many questions unanswered. And yes, I felt cheated because I was all for Eric and Sookie whose relationship grew for more than 8 books, yet the author destroyed it in the last book. The series has too many inconsistencies which I think the author provoked in order to force the story to go her way. Us, the readers are not stupid.<br /><br />CH sent two messages to the fans here: 1. Rape victims can get over it. Just go to sleep early and maybe go shopping next day. Make sure you buy the sluttiest dress available and go party. At the end of the day, the rape incident was just that... an incident. And life goes on. Rapists also have the right to have a happy ever after while being free men. After all, the rape was just an incident in life. Rapists can learn from their mistakes and realize that there are many other women in the world that would volunteer to have sex with them. So, no need to rape again. Also, rape victims should get to meet their rapist and become great friends for a lifetime.<br /><br />2. Becoming a sex slave is not a bad idea after all. There are many good things that you can get out of it like money, and eventually you will meet many people and power will come with it. The more you sell your services, the more clients you meet, the more influence you gain. We know that Eric was introduced into sex slavery by his maker and he was forced into it for many decades. Eric fought his way out until he was finally freed. However, the experience was always in the back of his mind. At the end, his story comes to a full circle by him becoming a sex slave again. The only difference is that this time he will get paid better.<br /><br />The author sold out the story for money, stealing that money from us the fans. Obviously, she doesn't value the fans money so Ill move on to another author that would definitely appreciate mine. Needless to say, I won't read any of her stories again (even if the book is for free at the library). CH committed writer's suicide here and there is no returning from the death for her. Sorry, but I won't read any of her books again. Ever. There are many other authors that would appreciate my money and respect the fans too!<br /><br />Edit: I have read several fanfiction stories (and Eric Northman's stories in Wattpad) and they are very good. Maybe we should just read fanfiction instead of the last book. It's free and they have better endings than this book. There are several people re-writing the last book and honestly they have better ideas that CH. Sadly, she couldn't do a good job. Try it!  And fanfiction is free too!  LOL  Fanfiction.net and wattpad.com
B009T8XBBO|1.0|Devs only have an incentive to add IAPs when there is a strong enough incentive for users to make the purchases. Users typically only have such a strong incentive when devs design a game to become impossible OR painfully redundant if the user doesn't make such purchases.<br /><br />Once I have paid for an app, I must be able to enjoy it to the full extent of the provided app/software, without further payment. Demos are games that may be enjoyed to a limited extent, at which time the user may replay redundantly, or make a purchase in order to continue. Games with IAPs may be enjoyed to a limited extent, at which time the user may replay redundantly, or make a purchase in order to continue, because they are designed to hinder the user from progressing in the game without making the necessary additional purchases. Thus, games with IAPs ARE MERELY DEMOS with a different name.<br /><br />I will happily pay more for the app up front for an app that does not have IAPs. But charging a price up front, AND THEN charging even more, is absurd and IS NOT what I contracted for when I made my original purchase!
B009NY43NY|1.0|I have been a huge fan since before True Blood but this book let me down. It's like the whole series meant nothing. Sad
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Someone recommended this book to me a couple of years ago. When they explained the plot, I wasn't interested. But they kept telling me to read it, and I did, and I am so glad I did. This series is one of my favorite reads. I would recommend everyone to read these books. They are really great reads.
B009NY43NY|5.0|There was an awful lot going on in this book but it pretty much wraps it all up. It was better than the last two but not as fun as the first few.
B008IJT0CE|5.0|great for meditation, relaxation and sleep. this helps me &quot;come down&quot; from my stressful Job. at night so I can sleep. It's really great.
B008HFWF3U|4.0|As with any work by Pat Metheny, I enjoyed a few tracks initially, and expect a bunch of others to grow on me over time.  There are a lot of enjoyable new arrangements (re-interpretations) of some of his older works.  A number of tracks don't really make full use of his orchestrion setup (e.g. Unity Village is wonderful 'solo' work, but there is a simple tamborine that acted as a loud metronome...some might think it distracts because it is so mechanical); however, this might have been Pat's intention to showcase the kit in both simple and complex applications.  BTW, I really like his layered guitar sampling in Unity Village.
B003O86FMW|5.0|I love the book in fact I'm nine years old and love the book.Most of all I loved Peeta and katnisses love.for.life I think that this is a great book for everyone!
1589795474|5.0|being more a fiction reader, I'm sure I didn't fully appreciate the graphs, charts, and economic breakdowns of this book. (please don't respond to me, I'm simply trying to make a point.)<br /><br />in a nutshell:  actually being wealthy vs. looking wealthy, with nice cars etc<br /><br />is this a college text book?  it should be
B00AA0TZTW|5.0|I love this album.  Have no doubt it would be a hit album if released back when.  Wonderful to listen to and flows.
B009NY43NY|1.0|The entire plot of the book should have and could have easily been contained in a single chapter if that was really how Ms. Harris wanted to end the novel. The entire story line was just eh.  There was very little resolution and presence of the characters we had grown to love with the novels.  The characters showcased in this book where not characters I would have ever chosen to purchase a book to read about.  The story line she created to get the ending she wanted was dull as dishwater and I found myself skipping along pages trying to find something enjoyable to read.  The quality of the writing was also just painful for at least the first half of the book (I probably blocked it out afterwards).<br /><br />I never read these novels because they were well written, but there was always an enjoyable quality about these books that had greatly declined with the past few works.  No matter the guy Sookie was with, even when I didn't like him, I enjoyed the novel.  The worst part is she ends up with the guy I had wanted and I did NOT ENJOY IT AT ALL.<br /><br />Any chance I can get someone to erase the last few novels from my mind?
B009NY43NY|2.0|I was looking forward to this book and kept myself spoiler free. The Sookie in this book is not Sookie in the other books. I had a hard time not getting angry on how it progressed. Charlaine Harris ruin so many beloved characters and it was needless.
B00BZBPRBA|5.0|Love this movie!  If you haven't seen it, you should - all ages.  Language is pretty easy too for non-native English speakers.
B003UBTX6S|5.0|I love how in detail and descriptive the book is. I can't wait to read the other one. In the book you never know what is going to happen because let me tell you I was wrong about everything I thought was going to happen.
B009WO7NQO|4.0|Like many users, I don't like paying for extra levels when I already paid for the game.  Also, the game stopped working (wouldn't even open), and my only choice was to uninstall and re-install. The good news: the extra level I paid for was still available.  The really bad news: I had to start over completely as all my progress was eliminated when I uninstalled it.
B00CHSPB8Y|4.0|This is a fun game. The graphics are excellant and the story line while simple is enjoyable. I like games like this because each suit nit only looks different but also performs differently. A fun game for all ages
B005OZE9SA|3.0|I use ableton live 8 and even after re-downloading the driver for this audio interface, and messing with all of abletons settings I still had problems with latency, then just last night....it died on me, I unplugged it, moved it into my room to jam some tunes while studying for finals, and it just decided to stop powering up.  before these problems though I loved how easy portable and mobile this little guy was, very easy to set up.  Though I will warn you that I had a buddy say that his did the exact same thing.  Focusrite has made good products, this one just seems a little bunk, its still under warranty though so I gave it 3 stars.  As long as they fix it.
B009MYARIK|3.0|**SPOILER ALERT**<br />Ok. I liked it. Typical Kinsella. But wtf? What happens to Lorcan, Fiss and Noah? Their story was even more interesting than Lottie's! And it just ends hanging in the air? Tell me there will be a book just for them or an epilogue posted on Sophie's website! I'm pissed! (Sorry, but I am...)
B0091REZMW|5.0|finally a good game for me I love seek and finds and this completely perfect will always play it lovr
B0084AYLK8|4.0|Hardy captures his era quite well.  He does tend to be rather depressing though.  I have read two of his works and in neither do the hero or heroine come out well.
B00136NUG6|5.0|This includes all the classics, the ones you remember - September, Sing a Song, and After the Love is Gone; the ones you may have forgotten - That's the Way of the World (Hearts Afire), Can't Hide Love, and Reasons, plus those disco classics - Boogie Wonderland and Getaway and the 80's fave, Let's Groove. Even if you don't like the other songs, which isn't possible with Fantasy, Got to Get You Into My Life, and Shining Star still left, that's already nine songs you love.  Can't go wrong with this one.
B008Y79IUE|4.0|This movie gave an interesting perspective into drug use and addiction.  It is a movie that should be shown in HS across the country to help young minds understand what could happen if they walk the path of drugs.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I was late to the party for this book but none the less it kept me wanting more! Lucky for me there's 2 more books to read!
B0031RAOVY|4.0|it is rate as a P.G movie plus 93 minutes: This story is based on a true story. firm based on one of most treasured and warming ture story ever told this movie I real do not wanted to real say to much about I feel if you love dog I think you should love this movies
0316286850|5.0|Easy to read and lots of lovely pictures and drawing to illustrate technique. Many different looks most are ok for daily use and best part is it does not take too long! Truly a master...interesting ideas too and helpful encouraging as well as practical advise.. A real legacy
B00AAQRNQ8|5.0|This mouse is smooth buttons are nice and smooth.  Fits right into your hand.  Definitely worth it! I would recommend this to anyone!!!
B00874T02K|5.0|As long as you stay persistent the results will be very pleasing. I love it. Get it if you want to build up your strength.
0307405095|5.0|I love this book, it has just about every Pie and Tart Recipe there is in the Whole World and then some. 150 Recipes for Old-Fashioned and Modern Favorites. A Great and Good Looking Book filled with Huge Beautiful Full Color Pictures in just about every Page showing how the Final Recipe should look like and even Step-by-Step Pictures, Tempting you to make them, there are so many Recipes I don't know which one I should make first. I am not into Fruity Pies so I made my Favorite, Banana Cream Pie with Velvety Banana Custard and Billowy Whipped-Cream Topping so Creamy and Smooth...it was Excellent and then I made Rum-Vanilla Cream Pie with Rum Custard Filling and also Whipped Cream Topping...so Good! ...I like all the Creamy Custard Pies and Martha Stewart has them all in the \\"New Pies and Tarts\\" Cookbook<br /><br />I was going to Post all the Names of the Pies, however, I noticed its been done so I won't put you through that again. What I like about this Book is that it has Classic Pies, Free-Form, Sleek, Dreamy, Rustic, Layered, Dainty, Artful, Savory and Holiday. A Pie or Tart for every Occasion and Holiday, even Pies I never Heard before: \\"Chewy Chess Tart\\" made with white and Brown Sugar, Eggs, Corn meal and Butter, or how about \\"Roasted Cauliflower Hand Pies\\" made with Cauliflower, Hazelnuts, Rosemary and Manchego Cheese or how about \\"Phyllo Tart with Sugared Pluots\\" made with Sheets of Phyllo Dough and Pluots, a cross between Plums and Apricots,...every Pie you can think of its in this Book. I think Martha Stewart's Books are Beautiful, with easy to follow Recipes that are Simple, Well Written and Clear and so many of them, I think I'm going to make \\"Fresh Orange and Yogurt Tart\\" for my Family this Weekend, it has Simple Ingredients and it doesn't look that difficult to Make! ...Thank You D.D.
B004ZMWUCU|5.0|I really liked this book about this Irish man.  How could the Caholic Church treat these children so brutially.<br />I am gald he found his sister.
0307394549|5.0|I love this Cookie Book, Martha Stewart's Cookie Book has about every Cookie Recipe in the World and then some. 174 Cookie Recipes and Bars \\"The very best treats to bake and to share\\" A Great and Good looking Book filled with Beautiful Huge Full Color Pictures in just about every Page showing how the final Recipe should look like and even Step-by-Step Pictures, there are so many Recipes I don't know which one I should make first so I made one of my favorites \\"Soft and Chewy Chocolate Chip Cookies\\" ...they are so Good, and then I made \\"Cherry and Almond Biscotti\\" but I used Cranberries and Walnuts instead of the Cherry and Almond and they came out Terrific<br /><br />Martha has Classified the Cookies by Groups:<br />Light and Delicate<br />Soft and Chewy<br />Crumbly and Sandy<br />Chunky and Nutty<br />Cakey and Tender<br />Crisp and Crunchy<br />Rich and Dense<br /><br />All the Cookie Recipes are Organized so Nicely and with a Picture of every single one of them, there is a Cookie for every Occasion and Holiday. The Recipes are Well Written and Easy to Follow and Understand, I made many of them especially during the Holidays, Oatmeal Raisin Cookies is another one of my favorites I like to make them and give them away as Gifts. The Cookie Book has other Chapters, Tools and Techniques, Ingredients for Decorating, Packaging and Giving. Martha Stewart shows you how to put all the Cookies together in a nice Gift Giving Package and Ideas and ways of Wrapping them with very Simple Materials. A Great Cookie Book with Wonderful Recipes as Martha Wrote and I quote, \\"Dedicated to the Cookie Monster in each of us\\" ...Thank You D.D.
B0015DYIH2|5.0|Good book love the wolves the love between Bella Edward and Jake so cool a great love story  !!!thanks also
B00190N4E4|5.0|This is a great story of a great soul.<br />I've read the comments that say this is not perfectly historically accurate. My response is that it doesn't matter.  This movie tries to get to the heart of the man, and I believe it succeeds as well as any film can.
B000OZ0NXA|4.0|Love  the character. Had a great feeling that you weren't sure what he was going to do next. The secondary characters were well developed too. Loved it.
B002Q4U9YU|5.0|I love this cd, love the music from the movie &#34;This is It&#34;! I love to listen to the whole cd while running!!
B00AJAFNIA|4.0|This game is not the best game I have ever seen, but it is a good and simple game! I notice a lot of people complaining about permissions, but I've gone over them, and I see no HUGE problem that makes it so much worse than other apps I have seen.
B009LDXQGW|5.0|30 songs? Crazy!!!! I can't say I like each and every one of his songs because  I only listen to a fews and i just love them because im soo HOOK on one song I can't seem to get enough that i put on repeat!!!!! surely i will be able to get out of XO and  move onto the other songs!!! just love the Artist
B00BWJARHO|1.0|*** This review may contain spoilers ***<br /><br />I hated pretty much everything about this movie, but here are the main points:<br /><br />Expanding on Tolkien's mythology: Presumably, the reason you should \\"never trust an Elf!\\" (Gimli's line in TFotR) is because Elves turned their back on the Dwarfs when they were being attacked by Smaug? What were they expected to do against a dragon and why were they just standing there anyway? This is basically adding a whole new level of mythology. A no-no, unless it's an improvement and that's not the case here.<br /><br />The dwarfs: They looked ridiculous to me and their behavior was annoying. But no dwarf was more off-putting than Thorin with his ludicrous fur-trimmed leather duster, Rob Zombie do and constant glowering. Ugh.<br /><br />The introductory scene takes too long but, given all this time, you'd think Jackson would try and be more faithful to the book. But, no, he still manages to mangle it. Anyway, the next day, after Bilbo has decided not to go the day before (he wasn't really given the choice in the book), he just...goes. And it's very interesting that he's able to, on foot, overtake Gandalf and the dwarfs all riding along briskly on horseback. And when he does catch up, he's offered a pony, which he at first declines. Why? Bilbo had nothing against riding a pony.<br /><br />Azog: The footnote springs to cinematic life and has a vendetta against Thorin. The character in the LotR Appendix, for all of his two-pages of appearance and death at the hands of Dáin, is still more bad-ass than the video game reject in AUJ. Anyway, if Jackson wanted to go this route, it would have made more sense to just go with Azog's son Bolg, who will appear anyway.<br /><br />Trolls: or, how to take an amusing sequence from the book and drain it of any humor whatsoever. Actually, that opinion that applies to the whole movie. But, instead of Gandalf employing ventriloquism on the trolls and getting them to fight each other, Bilbotells them the dwarfs have parasites and Gandalf gets to break a rock in two. Yawn.<br /><br />Radagast: An utterly ridiculous and repellent visualization of another footnote character, with his ridiculous dying hedgehog, rabbit-drawn sleigh and poo-smeared face. But that's just my opinion. But why is he in the movie at all? To tell Gandalf about the Necromancer, I guess. But if Gandalf doesn't already know this (as he does in the book) where did he get the map and key from Thráin (Thorin's father) who (in the book) was a prisoner in Dol Guldur? Presumably, he wasn't in Dol Guldur in the movie. So where is he? It's basically glossed over. In any case, the very idea that Greenwood is turning into Mirkwood right before Radagast's eyes at the start of the movie just strikes me as a desperate and weak attempt to create a sense of urgency and menace. The spiders are even seen entering the forest as if to take up their positions. Also in any case, Gandalf's very reason for being in Middle Earth is to help combat the Necromancer (aka Sauron). For him not to know about his presence in Mirkwood is, sorry, just witless.<br /><br />Apparent invulnerability: None of the protagonists get hurt in this movie. Stone giants fall on them, they get up. They fall a hundred feet, they just walk it off. Goblins (who, for some reason, are portrayed as distinct from orcs) attack in droves, they just cut them down like wheat. Thorin does later fall unconscious (from a blow that should have crushed his skull), but he later turns out none the worse for wear. Even if these characters weren't profoundly irritating, why should I care about them if they're not in any danger? And enough with the fake deaths. Did anyone watching this really fear the titular character might fall to his death halfway through his own movie?<br /><br />Riddles in the \\"Dark\\": Finally, some resemblance to the book, except even here there are details changed for no good reason. And couldn't they have toned down the lighting just a bit more to give some impression of darkness? As for Gollum himself, it's hard to find fault with Andy Serkis, except that Gollum is now basically a celebrity and practically played like one in the film. He no longer surprises, frightens or disturbs in the least. The cosy lighting doesn't help at all.<br /><br />Bilbo the Badass: Bilbo kills a Warg (which, though strong enough to uproot a tree, will drop with a single arrow or sword thrust/hack). Later he savagely kills an orc. Where'd this come from? Perhaps to make up for Frodo being a wuss in those other movies? Whatever the case, it's so far out of left field, it's just seems tacked on.<br /><br />Eagles: Gandalf just happens to spot a moth nearby in the tree he's climbed up to avoid the orcs and wargs. How convenient. And the book's explanation for the eagles doesn't work because...? There really is no good reason. Jackson wants to make full use of the eagles, but only as devices; he's averse to giving them any back story or personality or anything. You'd think with his apparent love of exposition and the characters making speeches all the time, something could have been said about them, but no, the eagles just drop them off and depart. They're nothing more than deus ex machina. Granted, there are challenges to following the book more closely here but I still think Jackson takes the cheap way out.<br /><br />Final scene: Bilbo blithely states \\"I do believe the worst is behind us.\\" Really? Why would he believe this while looking at a mountain that is 1) still leagues distant; and 2) he knows contains a fire-breathing dragon?<br /><br />I will be surprised if even morbid curiosity compels me to watch any more of these.
0547884591|3.0|I bought the Kindle version the day it was released... didn't like it.<br /><br />Decided to buy the hardcover a few months later, and appreciated the content much more.
B003PBB4ME|4.0|Purchased the x-grip for my Sony HDR CX-760. Works great for stabilizing my small video camera for both low angle shots & regular shots.  Plastic flexes slightly in use, but not enough to be troubling. Good value for the money. Allows use of the built in light in my camera and/or an external light.
B00BQPEIT2|5.0|All the Temple Run games are great, but in this one you get chased by flying monkeys..doesn't get better than that.
1574214276|5.0|I am very pleased with my book &#34;Joy of Zentangle&#34; teaching and suggesting designs for personal and original creations.  &#34;Joy of Zentangle&#34; is a very good reference for this new art form.
030758836X|2.0|I am really disappointed that I wasted my time reading this book.  Gone Girl is really slow to start, but I kept reading because this book received really good reviews.  It has lots of unexpected twists and turns and has lots of suspense.  The two main characters have several issues and seem like a terrible couple.  The reason why I am so disappointed is because of the ending.  It's terrible and I was really mad when I finished it.
B000DWMYQ8|5.0|my son loves this movie
193700788X|1.0|Tut, tut, Charlaine. This is the way Sookie ends, not with a bang but an assertive whimper? Well at least the writing is consistent over the past few books. Dull and disappointing. Don't look for the steamy sex or the wry humor that was the hallmark of the early books and then appeared in progressively rarer flashes later. Like all addicts, I kept striving for that initial high that never returned. Sorry, lady, will not come back for your next 'Cemetery' series. Once bitten (forgive the pun)...<br /><br />Folks, please follow the advice of one reviewer here; go to the book store and read the last chapter. It will tell you all you need to know. I won't do a spoiler here for the sake of the 4 or 5 fans that are left out there. Spend your money on something that will bring you pleasure: a pizza, some flowers, a great movie, something from your Amazon wish list, whatever. Keep your early memories of a truly memorable, witty, and unique heroine intact. Farewell, Sookie, I hardly know you now. *sigh*
B00AF6MF9I|4.0|yeah um&uarr;<br />I do like it but my subject sums it up it could have shorter wait time which would be awesome
B009B1UZ7C|5.0|Jake delivers a full album of winners, great variety.  I haven't heard this kind of quality music since the late sixties.
B00BLYFDO2|2.0|I am from the detroit area, and I have been a big fan of the stooges since 1969. This album just sounds TIRED!!!!  Where is the kick butt energy and sound that gave this band that detroit punk sound.  What is with the name iggy and the stooges it should be THE STOOGES. the stooges got into the rock n roll museum not iggy. The last cd by the stooges the weirdness is just so much better. I sure miss ron asheton's guitar playing that is not here on \\"ready to die\\".  I would recommend buying the first stooges cd,or fun house or the weirdness. this cd lacks passion and sounds like iggy is selling out. he should have called this ready to cry instead. I miss you ron asheton and your guitar playing and without you they are not the stooges.
B00AREIAI8|5.0|My horse is a very fun app. It has great graphics and a wide selection of horses that you can buy.
B0072GPQNG|5.0|This movie is as good as the book. Family friendly. Could recommend this book to everyone especially horse people.<br />Loved it!
B002MQYOFW|4.0|For me this describes society nowadays. Really a good read and also quite a ride to reach the end. Recommended.
B003FC3LQK|5.0|its dirty dancing. classic, romantic movie with a wonderful, catchy soundtrack. definitely a movie you can watch over and over again!
193700788X|1.0|Imagine if in Friends, after so many seasons of Ross and Rachel \\"will they or won't they?\\", Rachel wound up settling for Joey after all.  That's what this felt like.  This story felt thrown together, the characters didn't seem to be themselves, and Sookie walks away with very little apparent development after so many books.  Poorly written overall, too much time spent on insignificant details and not enough on what matters.<br /><br />Frankly, I wouldn't have minded the ending as much if more time were spent guiding the reader in that direction; rather, a literary 'bait and switch' seems to have occurred.  The series probably should have ended several years ago...
B00CL68NOG|3.0|I did enjoy the movie and Barbara Streisand was great!  But I wasn't cracking up throughout like I thought I would be.  Glad I waited for video.
B009NY43NY|4.0|I liked the final book.  Seems almost too perfectly tied up,  but all in all a satisfying end.  Quite a fun series.  I'll be re-reading this in the future for fun.
B000002B35|4.0|I especially love listening to the second disc, which is DSOTM being played live in its entirety at Earl's Court London in 1994, the last proper PF tour. The first disc ain't shabby either. Great version of the Syd Barrett era chestnut Astronomy Domine and great renditions of Learning To Fly, Another Brick In The Wall, and Shine On You Crazy Diamond to boot. I lost my original 'blinking' cd, but found one in the public library system (cover was no longer blinking)and i ripped it onto my itunes. Good stuff.
B000HEWEJO|5.0|This is one of my all time favorite Christmas movies and I missed it last year.  Buying it will make sure I have it in the future.
B002NXSRX4|5.0|I remember watching the cartoon when I was young. The film brought the characters to life.Duke, Ripcord, Scarlet and Snakeyes and I loved it!!!!
193700788X|1.0|Convuluted story trying to fit in too many characters. Ending was out of left field, comparable to Thomas Harris', \\"Hannibal\\" ending where it left readers upset and scratching their heads. Loyal Sookie readers will be disappointed with how poorly this ended their love affair with the series.
B000002WE9|4.0|PORTIONS OF MY ORIGINAL REVIEW: This review is for the FTD release of \\"Live On Stage In Memphis\\". It seems that every Elvis fan has a favorite concert recording and his 1974 show in Memphis is one of mine. The audience is really supportive of their home town hero and Elvis responds with a fine performance. So what could be better? RCA/BMG/Sony had an opportunity to replace the original fifteen song album with one that included the the full concert as the new standard version. Instead, the revised expanded album was placed on their high priced \\"Follow That Dream\\" label. At least we now can hear the full concert. The less than 5 stars is for the high FTD price.<br /><br />UPDATE: Now as of March 2014, the full concert recording is available on a 2-CD set in the \\"Legacy\\" series at a much more attractive price. I have not heard the newest release, but if it sounds as good, then there isn't any reason to spend big bucks for the \\"Follow That Dream\\" version. The FTD release leaves off the over-dubbed applause that RCA thought would add excitement to the original album, but is distracting and sounds like an add-on. I hope they also left off these overdubs on the 2014 release. This new set also includes an additional concert recording on disk two. Well worth checking out.
B003ODIZL6|2.0|As dictionaries go it was a good source to use for my word study homework.<br />I also thought it was hard to find words in it because you had to flip through every single page just to find one simple word.<br />It was also really BORING!!!!!!!!!
193700788X|3.0|As always, when a new book in a series comes out I start again at the first book and power through. I'm glad I did because it makes the continuity (or lack thereof) more clear. There were a few jumps, but as a whole it was a pretty good continuation of the previous book.<br /><br />Ok, so this seemed like the end of a TV series when all of the characters you thought were gone came back for their (largely unnecessary) cameos. Which was odd. And the writing, while never amazing was definitely rougher than the previous books in the series, so the characters didn't necessarily sound like themselves.<br /><br />And while I understand why it might have been necessary to jump to different scenes in and out of Sookie's head, it was also rather strange.<br /><br />I can see why some fans might be upset, but to me it seems like this was only resolution that would allow Sookie to remain true to herself. Did she really come full circle? In a way, but she arrived with more power, control, wisdom and confidence than she possessed in the beginning. The Sookie at the end of this book was not the same Sookie in the first.<br /><br />This certainly wasn't the best book in the series, but I was a quick and easy read, and it wrapped up the loose threads.
B00005JLXE|5.0|Everything was great. I was hoping for a little faster service, but I understand considering circumstances. Very polite and professional when dealing with business :) Thanks!
B009NY43NY|1.0|I have never been more disappointed in a book in my entire life. After finishing this book I regretted even buying it and the previous books in the series because of how disappointed I was with the ending.  I knew after the first few pages of Sookie's dialogue that she would end up with Sam, but I prayed, wished and hope through the rest of the book that I was wrong.<br /><br />I loved the Eric and Sookie relationship, they each made each other better and stronger because of the struggles they went through as a couple. How could the author spend so much time on one relationship just to end it in like 6 or 7 pages.<br /><br />In all honesty, I felt cheated by this book. It was rushed and the ending was horrible and went against everything Sookie had gained throughout the series, it was the safe ending. Who does that after years of growing, changing and suffering like what Sookie went through.<br /><br />I have read some awful books and series that I was unhappy with the endings, but this one is by far the worst. I do not recommend it to anyone who has read the previous Sookie Stackhouse books because you will be sorely disappointed like I was.
0307949486|5.0|Loved it -- first fiction i've read in years.  Kept me enthralled until the end.  Highly recommended.<br />three more words
B0071XO8RA|4.0|This is one of the most original storylines I have ever read. It is well paced, though slow in a few spots. Enough is left to the imagination to want to read more about the silos. Thank you Mr. Haley for a wonderful, thought-provoking book!
0307949508|5.0|Probably not as good as the first, but still a first rate thriller.  Enjoyed it to the end -- highly recommended
B0058BI896|5.0|Are you kidding me, this season was terrible...gozinga! The Big Band Theory has the character makeup of some of the greats like MASH, Cheers, and The Cosby Show.
0765316889|5.0|I chose a five star rating for this product for several reasons.<br />Firstly, I find Brandon Sanderson to be an entrancing author.  Every book I read gets me further hooked to his genius writing style.<br />Secondly, my &#34;used&#34; book in &#34;good&#34; condition, was tip top.  I received my book in a timely manner, in what I, and many others, would consider &#34;perfect&#34; condition.  The price was wonderful.<br />I would recommend using Amazon and their affiliates for any transaction you may want to make online.<br />The &#34;Well of Ascension&#34; is just one of many wonderful books by this author.  Do your best to own them all.  I know I am.
B004ZNB12O|3.0|I suppose this is a great introduction for someone who doesn't have any Pink Floyd in their collection. And I suppose this isn't bad for an attempt at compiling their best on 1 CD. But I find it uncomfortable to hear \\"Time\\" without the bells & chimes at the beginning. As an introductory release this really deserves 5 stars, but if you get all of their regular albums plus \\"Relics\\", you will have nearly everything PF has released that's worth having. Also, I never understood using \\"The Fletcher Memorial Home\\" on a compilation to represent \\"The Final Cut\\" when \\"Not Now John\\" was the single from that album.
1616960922|5.0|I chose a five star rating for this product for several reasons.<br />I find Brandon Sanderson to be an entrancing author.  Every book I read gets me further hooked to his genius writing style.<br />I would recommend using Amazon and their affiliates for any transaction you may want to make online.<br />The &#34;Emperor's Soul is just one of many wonderful books/novelas by this author.  Do your best to own them all.  I know I am.
B0087ITBT8|3.0|When I first heard about GUILT TRIP, I imagined a seriously hilarious film. What could be funnier than a road trip with Barbra Streisand? Unfortunately, the potential fun of this movie is missed and we have a slow-moving and rather tedious film--at least for a good portion of this adventure.<br /><br />Streisand  as Joyce Brewster is rather toned down from the Barbra we have seen through the years. She's a fairly normal middle-class widow living in suburbia when her son Andy (Seth Rogan) invites her on a cross-country road trip. Surprisingly, it's not about a guilt trip. Joyce coddles her son and believes in his greatness. She's not critical yet there is tension in their relationship and the reason is never clear.<br /><br />THE GUILT TRIP moves so slowly and there is barely a chuckle. Rogan and Streisand seem to have a potential for great chemistry but the problem seems to be the uninspired script. The film plods on and on until the fateful emotional blow-up between mother and son. Again, the reason for this tension is never fully explored and it's Andy who has the unexplained chip on his shoulder. Just when there seems no hope for this film, it makes an amazing recovery as mother and son come to terms with their relationship and realize how much they mean to each other.<br /><br />Suddenly, we finally have the film we should have had all along. The road trip becomes fun and joyous as mother and son get to know each other and their disappointments and challenges in life. Surprisingly, the last part of the film is rather heartwarming, delightful and moving. Some might be moved to shed a tear or two over the sweetness and gentleness of the last scenes. These last 20-30 minutes or so of THE GUILT TRIP make up for the pointlessness of the film and make it worth a watch. It's only sad the greatness of the last part of the film could not have been seem throughout THE GUILT TRIP.
0393345084|5.0|&#34;End This Depression Now&#34; is an easy-to-read explanation of what ails the U.S. economy. Krugman is a professor of economics at Princeton, a Nobel Prize winner, and a columnist for the New York Times. He's also a liberal with a political agenda. Krugman has that rare gift of making complex macroeconomic subjects understandable to non-economists. Krugman is also worth reading because his predictions over the last five years have proved eerily prescient.<br /><br />Krugman is a Keynesian who argues that insufficient private spending is the cause of the America's current economic problems. The initial root cause was the collapse of the housing bubble. Falling house prices reduced demand in the economy. Jobs have been lost in construction but people are poorer because their wealth has fallen and therefore they are spending less money. Krugman argues that the U.S. was in a similar position after the 1929 stock market crash. He argues that only governments can stimulate demand on the scale needed. Krugman argues that the Obama stimulus plan wasn't ambitious enough.<br /><br />Republicans have favored balancing the budget and cutting taxes. Krugman argues that this is what Herbert Hoover tried to do in the early 1930s and the result was a 25% unemployment rate. Krugman claims that the economic malaise in the West is similar to the depression of the 1930s and suggests that we should adopt Keynesian economic policies. He states that we are in a depression and our problems won't be solved by quantitative easing alone. Krugman believes it is a problem of demand (or a lack of spending to put it another way). One man's spending is somebody else's income. The Western economies are just not spending enough. Krugman is particularly scathing about the austerity measures in Europe, which he says are a mistake and are clearly not working.<br /><br />Krugman argues that there is less spending because of high unemployment and low confidence. &#34;Printing money&#34; the Friedmanite solution really hasn't worked in this recession because the fall in demand has been so severe. Given that the private sector is unable to respond, Krugman argues that the government must increase spending.<br /><br />Krugman bases his argument on what happened in the 1930s. The initial government response to the Great Depression was ineffective, as Hoover insisted that the economy was sound and that prosperity would soon return. Hoover believed he must restore public confidence so businesses would begin to invest and expand production. This would provide jobs and income and restore the economy to health. However, business owners saw no reason to increase production while unsold goods clogged their shelves. By 1932 investment had dropped to less than 5 percent of its 1929 level.<br /><br />Convinced that a balanced federal budget was essential to restoring business confidence, Hoover sought to cut government spending.  But in the face of a collapsing economy, this served only to reduce demand further. As conditions worsened, Hoover's administration eventually provided emergency loans to banks and industry, expanded public works, and helped states offer relief. But it was too little, too late.<br /><br />By 1939, the U.S. unemployment rate was still high at 11% (it is 7.5% at the moment). Roosevelt was reluctant to accept any more deficit spending than seemed absolutely necessary to prevent mass suffering. As a result, he did not create an unbalanced budget on the scale Keynes advocated until World War II forced it upon him. Once the government started spending at the levels Keynes had suggested, the depression ended.<br /><br />The view amongst many on the right is that government borrowing is too high. However, the U.S. economy grew in the 1940s, funded by borrowing. U.S. government spending as a percentage of GDP was significantly higher in 1945 than it is today.  However, the U.S. was able to create jobs for returning serviceman and pay for the Marshall Plan. After the war, economic growth and inflation quickly reduced the debt ratio.<br /><br />Krugman argues that unemployment is still the country's biggest problem and the economy still needs more stimulus. I was impressed with Krugman's analysis and conclusions.ic growth and inflation quickly reduced the debt ratio.<br /><br />Krugman argues that unemployment is still the country's biggest problem and the economy still needs more stimulus. I was impressed with Krugman's analysis and conclusions.
1426308469|5.0|Perfect reading for little ones to learn all about dinosaurs. Great for big people too. They explain all about the dinosaurs and then compare their size to humans. Very informational.
B00BJA2VFW|5.0|I was so addicted to this game I would wake up in the middle of the night and play a few games. I can't wait for the next one
193700788X|1.0|This I hate to do because the first 9 books were great. I wanted her to end up with the guy she ended up with but I hated the book so much that it ruined even that for me.  The series had been declining but she could have saved it by ending it better. I am disappointed by the ending but more disappointed by the writing it felt forced and just plan boring. I have so little time to read and I hate to waste my time to find out how the series ended. So sad considering how fantastic a series it was.  It will take a lot for me to pick up another book by this Arthur. Yes they have a right to end a book or series the way they want but end it with a good plot and good writing please.
B00BFUUMO8|5.0|This game is fun and has good graphics I just wish that when the exhibit coins add up they would go a little faster.
B000JCSPG0|5.0|I like this movie and especially how it begins: a mysterious object that the world's greatest Egyptologist can't figure out what the final symbols mean that will make the this ancient machine work. It so happens that a down on his luck, young archeologist who is sought out, because it is believed he can decipher the final puzzle to engage the mysterious object. I thought this was a great beginning for a science fiction movie and catches my interest from the beginning. Stargate is one of the best true science fiction<br />movies available out there. Great entertainment.<br /> [[ASIN:B004M17ME0 Gibson Les Paul Studio 60s Tribute Electric Guitar, Worn Satin Ebony]]
B00AREIAI8|4.0|I love this app because its so fun and real!! when I first got it I thought it was going to be boring but here I play it every day&lt;3
B00884GR0W|5.0|Great! It's really fun. It's a must have. It has more things minecraft pocket edition. Buy it. It's really fun. It combines many things. Well technically elder scrolls and minecraft. Still really fun
B008IJTFYW|5.0|This is a really good app that helps me sleep almost every night by that I mean every night I have been using this app for the past few week's and I have been sleeping like a baby budr
B00006FDCD|5.0|This move i like all steven king move trying to by them all. i wont them all to go with m set
B00C0YQLDE|5.0|Best way to describe Bonobo is to think about a brain. Normal people have no way of understanding it; filled with so many complexities and grey matter that are with in its self filled with even more micro-bursts of knowledge, power, and \\"dizzy making\\" misunderstandings; we couldn't understand it with out studying it. Thank you Bonobo for helping expand my Brain while Studying, Cleaning, and laying in bed questioning life.
0545265355|5.0|Read the whole series and enjoyed them immensely and have seen the first movie which does follow the book fairly close.
B0047Y0FGY|5.0|This book is Hilariously funny and relatable. It Makes me love Tina Fey even more!  I am totally going to recommend this book to my friends.
B007X4ECMI|5.0|Good shoot em up bang bang.  Lots of action with bad guys galore.  Enjoy the way  Guy Pearce played his part.
B0069G5Z9K|5.0|This game is epic! very good occupier, and very adicting. I definitely recommend this game. I'm sure you'll like it a lot.
B0087DFIYA|5.0|Typical Mel Gibaon.  If you like him I think you will like the movie.  It's along the same lines as the movie &#34;Parker&#34;.  Tough and gritty.
193700788X|1.0|Just terrible. Can I undo the time I spent reading this travesty? I have to echo the comments by other readers. It felt rushed, contrived, and just untrue to what we have come to love about this series.
B0017SWPXY|5.0|As an animal lover, I found a lot of similarities to my own pets. It's an interesting look at life's complications from a dog's perspective. I read it in a couple of sessions. Even though some of it is predictable, seeing it unfold through Enzo's eyes kept it interesting. It also gave me a whole new respect for race car drivers. Good, easy read.
B009ZQ8FQG|5.0|I gave it a five star  because it kept my interest from the beginning to the end of  season 3  it hAD romance laughter sadness & intrigue . I don;t think I can wait to see season 4. I am hoping that Mathew is really not dead...
B00BEPVAV8|5.0|I have this on my phone and tablet.  Its so much fun and easy for all ages.  It's addicting. The graphics are great.
1401310672|5.0|Damn You, Autocorrect! is a pretty fun flipper to share with friends. I laughed out loud quite a few times. I would think that such things were not possible, had I not already been similarly mortified many times, myself. The book is actually funnier if you have experienced this and found yourself trying to explain to a thick-as-a-brick teenager on the receiving end of your bungle. Sometimes, these incidents just aren't so funny as they transpire, but get a lot better in retrospect.<br /><br />Nice to know that others have suffered! Technology is not the best friend of a senior with clumsy fingers.
193700788X|2.0|I had been waiting for the end book to see what sookie's final adventure would be<br /><br />Wasn't happy with the storyline, I mean Eric has been a MASSIVE part of the series (and my fave ) and to have him disappear for almost the whole last book baffles me, most of the book is disjointed trying to bring back every character that has played a minor or major role in the 13 books<br /><br />I just feel that sookie deserved a better ending and for the last book in a long running series it didn't feel like one
1603425381|5.0|Pure Gold! Charts and instructions!!<br /><br />There is nothing in this book that does not immediately scream \\"take me home\\" to anyone who has ever used a crochet hook. Even now I am mentally searching my collection of long-ago-finished afghans, scarves, sweaters, hats, etc. and imagining how Edie Eckman's book will help me to transform them all to works of art. I'm also considering edging the artist's touch to discount shop merchandise to designer originals that will be (no doubt) the envy of all! (Ahh... The glorious cuffs that will be added to chunky winter sox -- it boggles the imagination.)<br /><br />If you crochet, this book is a must buy!
B00CHSPB8Y|4.0|In case u think this is a all around game it's not u just fly but it's still pretty cool
B00CA9Y6Q8|5.0|Such a different feel from so much that is out there now. Wonderful voice, great lyrics and arrangements. I highly recommend.
B0040HO01Y|5.0|Good, wholesome television, with meaningful relationships, morals, and insight to life with different social classes, and as well as how each interacts with others be it townspeople or strangers.
B0061JPYX2|3.0|Considering these recordings were Never Billed As Ready For Release, I am happy enough with the product.  After all ...  It is Amy's last.
B00CBKXGPI|3.0|This app was addictive at first. Looking at the Masters was captivating and enjoyable. However after the first time through, the game ceased to work at all, so I feel robbed.
193700788X|1.0|The problems with Dead Ever After, as the culmination of the Southern Vampire Series, have actually been evident in the past 3-4 novels. The plot vehicles were becoming more and more strained. It has been as though the series was being stretched too thin, like silly putty, as a result of the existence of \\"True Blood.\\"  In many ways the denouement, no matter how upsetting for the \\"shipping\\" readers, is most disappointing because it is not written with the same wonderful quality with which the series began. Sookie was a truly terrific ingenue but her story became too cluttered and rather than Sookie growing, maturing and gaining insight and wisdom leading up to her final choice...she and the other central characters have just become lost and confused by too many unnecessary twists, turns and plot devices, which have done nothing but detract from what could have been a great series. Dead Ever After simply completes the stumbling, slouching fall across a finish line that came too late.
B00AF6MF9I|5.0|This game is addictive from the start. It is fun how you can invade on enemy bases and you can get money from I guess capturing a part of their base.
B009KS4XRO|3.0|I LOVE this game. It is my favorite boredom buster. BUT, it does freeze up quite often, sometimes you are given your credits back but more times than not they are lost. I was in a hospital out of town for a week so I foolishly spent money on credits for a free game. I know, very stupid, but I was bored and thus game was addicting. However, I have lost hundreds of credits that I've paid for because game froze or glitched. I contacted customer support, they did NOTHING to fix the known issues. They said they would replace credits that were lost. But they never did and when I contacting them again they said it had been over 5 days since my last e-mail so they couldn't help me. All in all, wonderful game if you don't mind the freeze ups and glitches every now and then. But DO NOT spend money on credits because it's a waste and you will get ripped off.
0307279189|5.0|I love to get outside and walk, then try my legs at running, but mostly what I do is I trot. I had to read this book, because it is a famous runner's classic by now, and I wanted to learn more about our fabulous human anatomy and how the author, Christopher McDougall assures the reader that we were truly evolved to run.<br />My personal trainer warned me NOT to run, because I am obese.<br />If you were to look at my body, you would not really say I'm obese, but I am overweight or you  might say that I am fat. You won't get in trouble for saying that, even though it's sort of mean, because it's the truth and I need to do something about it!<br />So, I need to work out at the gym and I need to run because running burns lots of calories.<br /><br />I happen to love my body, however - and I DO run, because I LOVE the way that it makes my body feel!<br /><br />This book delves into the joy of running, and there is alot of helpful scientific facts that support the notion that all human beings who can walk, can also run.<br />The author assures us that our bodies were designed to run, and in fact, humans have been running to just survive on this planet since the day we appeared on this beautiful earth.<br /><br />Now - I will never be a half-marathoner, and I don't even want to think of being a marathoner; 26 miles is just too much for me to wrap my mind around. But I can do a 5K, and maybe if I try hard and adjust my attitude, I can do a 10K! After reading this book, I know that I can do anything that I set my mind to doing. Running long distances does require some training, dietary support and strategy.<br /><br />McDougall tells a wonderful story about the Tarahumara Indians that run through treacherous trails in the Copper Mountains of Mexico, and the dangers that follow them, which only encourages them to run faster. It is a funny book; full of great scientific insight and suggestions for thought for all of us who dream of running.<br /><br />McDougall's attitude is contagious; the longer I live, the more I realize that it is our attitudes that help us to achieve our goals. Having a positive attitude can push a person to get up and get out and run. Attitude is more important than appearance, than education, than money or circumstances.  Attitude can either make you win or lose; it is up to the individual.  After reading this book, I realized that life is 10% of what happens to me and 90% on how I react to it.  I learned that having the most expensive running shoes is not the best plan...as a matter of fact, McDougall claims that the more expensive the running shoe, the more likely it will cause foot problems or injury!McDougall promotes cheap, beat-up old running shoes or Vibrams; which I always had such a low opinion of because of their extreme ugliness. Nobody wants to see your toes! Feet are somewhat ugly, and Vibrams make them look even uglier;  I don't like to show my feet off if I don't have to.<br /><br />But anyhow - - - I loved that McDougall discusses the Mexican diet of pinto beans, tortillas and rice, with some form of protein added to the plate. He gets into Chia, which is a weird plant based grain that I normally never noticed, but now I will go to the health food store and give it a try. You can add it to your cereal, or main dishes or create a drink out of Chia. It's supposed to be a clean and energy packing food. Diet has an enormous impact on one's ability to run and run and run.<br /><br />I can't imagine running for four hours straight, though. I know my limitations. Or are they just self-imposed, imaginary limitations that I should endeavor to smash through like they don't exist? This book has adjusted my attitude about how I view my body.<br />Attitude is what drove this man to overcome his own pain while running, and he achieved a high level of running performance by the end of the book.<br /><br />Get the book, read it - savor it like a hot bowl of delicious soup on a cold, dank and rainy day!<br />Thereis alot to learn inside of it and I guarantee you will enjoy the process of reading it.is alot to learn inside of it and I guarantee you will enjoy the process of reading it.
B00770KR7W|5.0|I am happy with this product and seller I made a little boy very happy for his birthday glad this had no problems
0307596885|4.0|Sometimes less is more and such is the case with the fourteen short stories that make up DEAR LIFE by Alice Munro, a skilled wordsmith whose pared-down yet elegant prose leaves you with just enough of a story to form your own novel making this reader feel a participant in the telling of the tale itself.<br /><br />\\"In story after story, she illumines the moment a life is forever altered by a chance encounter or action not taken, or by a simple twist of fate that turns a person out of his or her accustomed path and into a new way of being or thinking.\\"<br /><br />In each story, as is true in life, one moment can change everything.  In Amundsen, one of the very best of the fourteen stories, bride-to-be changes into her wedding dress to find the groom has made changes of his own.  In Gravel, parents make a selfish choice and the life of a child is forever changed.  And in Corrie, a moment of clarity opens the eyes of a lover.  My favorite story of the lot is In Sight of the Lake about a forgetful woman trying to find her way only to realize that she really isn't going anywhere.<br /><br />The last four stories of the book are, according to the author, \\"autobiographical in feeling, though not, sometimes, entirely so in fact\\".  These stories are told with a certain zest that I didn't find in the first ten stories of fiction.  Perhaps Ms. Munro's true life stories told with a twinge of elaboration are the biggest delight of this book.<br /><br />This writer has left me very curious.  This is the first of her work, though definitely not the last, that I've had the privilege of reading.  Welcome to my dear literary life Ms. Munro.
B00BQ1DBUS|5.0|Even though he's been musically active for the past two decades,Rod's activity during the new millennium so far has been as purely an interpretive singer. During this time,interestingly enough I began to become more interested in who Rod Stewart was in the earliest days of his solo career. It was then my privilege to be presented with an artist who was both vocally and songwriting wise up to the challenge to bridge any gaps that may have existed between soul,blues,folk,country and rock n roll during the early/mid 1970's. His instrumental and vocal sound was not only unique and distinct but was also quite a storyteller as well. He walked the line between rock star and singer/songwriter troubadour to perfection. Over the years,he became exactly the opposite of that,and seemed to contentedly slip into near has been status:churning out one standards/covers album after the other. Apparently he was content with his status: he was merely filling in time because his songwriting muse had temporarily abandoned him. Well after writing his autobiography,everything changed for him and hiss muse returned. And this album is an expression of that.<br /><br />  \\"She Makes Me Happy\\",\\"Can't Stop Me Now\\" and \\"Beautiful Morning\\" are all melodically powerful uptempo numbers,with a strong dance/rock rhythm and that collision of fiddle and acoustic guitar that typified his signature instrumental sound. \\"It's Over\\" finds him in the same instrumental frame of mind of a beautifully romantic ballad. \\"Brighten Beach\\" is musically in the middle ground,but is a lyrically beautiful and touching tale of reflection on teenage romance with age and is filled with allusions to Martin Luther King Jr,Ramblin' Jack Elliot and others who personally influenced Rod in the past. \\"Live The Life\\" is a pop/rock song with a stronger,slower groove to it,with Rod advising his collage age son not to neglect living it up with a loved one over pure academia. The title song is actually my favorite on the album-a beautiful combination of folk/soul and gospel based harmony and a poetic reflection on lost love. \\"Picture In A Frame\\" is a similarly beautiful organ fueled soul ballad as well that Rod sings as...well only he can sing it. \\"Sexual Religion\\" is a modern day variation of his funky dance/rock sound of the late 70's with a treatise on modern day women in the intimately dominant roles once stereotypically male. \\"Make Love To Me Tonight\\" and \\"Pure Love\\" lead off the album on two epic yet swooning romantic notes.<br /><br />  After all this time away from the songwriting game,one might think Rod Stewart's ability to craft songs that possessed the musical and emotional wallop of his early solo career might not be possible. The interesting thing about this album is that production wise it owes its attitude to the productions of his late 80's/early 90's albums to a certain degree. Yet in terms of instrumentation and the writing itself this album actually blasts right back to his peak years of [[ASIN:B00000612O Gasoline Alley]] and [[ASIN:B00000612P Every Picture Tells a Story]]-almost as if some of the unevenness that dogged some of his later albums never happened at all. As Rod Stewart enters elderhood, there are more than a few indications here that he is coming to reconcile his past-both personally and musically. Not only does this make good fodder for a songwriter returning from a long period of writers block,but provides an important flavor to the lyrical quality about this album. These songs are full of little words of wisdom,and nostalgia that somehow never comes across as cheap and insincere. It's the man behind \\"Maggie May\\" and \\"Tonight's The Night\\",only with more miles on him and looking at life closer to the final round of the marathon of living. On everyone of these levels: musically,lyrically and thematically this album is an all time winner for him. And a superb comeback as a songwriter.ful combination of folk/soul and gospel based harmony and a poetic reflection on lost love. \\"Picture In A Frame\\" is a similarly beautiful organ fueled soul ballad as well that Rod sings as...well only he can sing it. \\"Sexual Religion\\" is a modern day variation of his funky dance/rock sound of the late 70's with a treatise on modern day women in the intimately dominant roles once stereotypically male. \\"Make Love To Me Tonight\\" and \\"Pure Love\\" lead off the album on two epic yet swooning romantic notes.<br /><br />  After all this time away from the songwriting game,one might think Rod Stewart's ability to craft songs that possessed the musical and emotional wallop of his early solo career might not be possible. The interesting thing about this album is that production wise it owes its attitude to the productions of his late 80's/early 90's albums to a certain degree. Yet in terms of instrumentation and the writing itself this album actually blasts right back to his peak years of [[ASIN:B00000612O Gasoline Alley]] and [[ASIN:B00000612P Every Picture Tells a Story]]-almost as if some of the unevenness that dogged some of his later albums never happened at all. As Rod Stewart enters elderhood, there are more than a few indications here that he is coming to reconcile his past-both personally and musically. Not only does this make good fodder for a songwriter returning from a long period of writers block,but provides an important flavor to the lyrical quality about this album. These songs are full of little words of wisdom,and nostalgia that somehow never comes across as cheap and insincere. It's the man behind \\"Maggie May\\" and \\"Tonight's The Night\\",only with more miles on him and looking at life closer to the final round of the marathon of living. On everyone of these levels: musically,lyrically and thematically this album is an all time winner for him. And a superb comeback as a songwriter.
B0083Z614S|5.0|I have always loved this story. Definately one that children should read or can be read to them.I recommend it to everyone.
B0049IHX2C|4.0|I really like this movie, but not as much as the first one and better than the third one.  I guess they came out in the proper order for me.  LOL
B004YOEFG8|5.0|This is a great first buy for your 3D TV. The 3D is incredible and being a huge space nerd myself it's incredible to see them out there working. If you want a great addition to your 3D blu ray collection this is a must buy. It's 45 minutes of awesome.
B00BQ1DBUS|5.0|What I love of this album is that you got lots of different styles: Rock, Pop, Ballads and Country in one album.<br />Rod's voice is better than ever, and the most important thing is that he wrote almost all the songs!<br />Rod is back!!
B005T87QCI|5.0|I like it but it wont open now plz help me but other than not opening this app is great
193700788X|1.0|WTF!!!!...<br />This was a total copout ... I mean I get it.. Your probably over trying to keep up with Sookie's habitual confused emotional state. But, REALLY???? You actually thought this was an acceptable ending to a much loved series? And Eric... There is nothing I can really write to express the disappointment I felt at reading his decimation as a character. All In all , thank God Trueblood is Loosely based on the series.
B00992CF6W|5.0|great app but if u have troubles finding diamonds get the app pocketinveditor only for kindle it can spawn mobs and spawn diamond blocks and other stuff that's not in mc pe
B0051ANPZQ|5.0|this book was Amazing the best book ever so sad nice and loving i could read this over and over
B0055B7IPE|5.0|UP TURNED OUT TO BE AN AWESOME MOVIE. WE LOVED GETTING THE CHANCE TO WATCH IT STRAIGHT FROM OUR HOME. THANKYOU.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|This is one of the best books I have ever read!!!! This is the best book out of the hunger games series and I recommend you reading the series.
160774273X|5.0|I come to Ken Forkish's book with a decent amount of baking experience (probably no more than your average amateur home baker--breads, sweet breads, cakes, cookies, doughnuts, etc., from scratch) and a lot of curiosity. Some have correctly stated that this thing isn't jam-packed with recipes, but of course, it wasn't intended as a collection of bread recipes. It is exactly what it says it is: &#34;The Fundamentals of Artisan Bread and Pizza.&#34; Do you want to understand more about any or every aspect of breadmaking beyond what the average home baker knows (&#34;let rise 1 or 2 hours until doubled; punch down and place in bread pan. Cover and let rise another hour or so until just above the edge of the pan&#34;)? This is a great book for helping you understand what yeast is, how it works, how flavors develop, how protein levels affect the end product, how temperature and time are ingredients (not restrictions!!), and several other tidbits regarding how professional breadmakers tend to think about their breads.<br /><br />Think of this book as a self-contained course in artisan breadmaking. Bite off a little at a time, until you've gone through the whole book! Set aside ~$125 for &#34;course materials&#34; (dutch oven, kitchen scale, large container, and maybe a brotform or two), and you'll come to appreciate what a fine job Mr. Forkish has done in producing this book. I recommend it wholeheartedly.
B004A8ZWWO|1.0|i would have liked to.be able to watch them but as they have a code . and the code is set for the usa . and Canada . so it was a wast of time getting them but you need to tell your customer that they don't play in the united kindam Mr Williams
034580404X|5.0|I have read books for over forty years and I have never had a story grip me like this one. I could not put this set down until I finished all three. I am still trying to figure out why this story moved me and so many others, the only answer I have is that it is a messed up bad boy not very likeable in the beginning, and you end up cheering for him by the end.
B00BEZTMWW|5.0|It's the pre-qual to the pre-qual. Excelent movie! A little off from the rest of the trilogy, but it's not supposed to be the same.<br /><br />As for the 3D Blueray itself? I loved everything except the fact it has UltraViolet copy. So un-user friendly. Stick to regular mp4.
193700788X|4.0|copied from my goodreads review:<br /><br />Wow. Hard to believe its all over! Firstly, I feel bad that Charlaine is getting some crap about the way she chose to end her OWN damn books. Personally, this wasn't the way I would have liked things to end, but I can certainly understand that this was definitely the best thing for Sookie.<br /><br />SPOILER ALERT:<br /><br />So I was always team Eric but it became clear in the last book that that wasn't likely to happen. Fine. What bothers me is how now it just looks like he only ever wanted power and blah blah blah. I know he loves her and probably always will, but no one will remember that now and that makes me sad. I loved his growth throughout the series though and no matter what, I still believe he came out of this a better person than when we first saw him.<br /><br />I also agree with some who felt that Sookie/Eric fans deserved more of a conversation about their break up. Once I thought about it, I realized how little there was and I do think they deserved more considering how much time we invested in this relationship. However, it might have only twisted the knife further for me, so I can understand both sides.<br /><br />I haven't been a Bill shipper in awhile either, but I even got a little sad for him and Sookie because this was what hooked me into this series in the first place. It's great to see them as such good friends though and I'm glad that she'll always have him as a constant in her hectic life.<br /><br />Sam.. I really do like him and I liked him more than I thought I would in this book. I'm happy that sookie can be with someone that she can have a real life with. The one small issue I always had was that it seemed convenient in the way that CH had to get Eric out of the way quick so that Sookie can finally realize she's loved Sam all along. I never doubted she did, I doubted she was \\"in love\\" with him. However, there's no doubt this is the path Sookie needs to be on so her poor life can just slow down a bit! So I'm happy for her, but it's definitely a tad bittersweet.<br /><br />Great final installment however and I was really shocked to find out who was behind everything! I will definitely keep an eye out for more Charlaine Harris books in the future!
B003L77NL8|5.0|It's a decent movie. just did not like the way the vampires were able to go out in sunlight. Would recommend it to friends.
B005K17RU0|5.0|I really like this app. You can add multiple locations, which is great if you travel. You can get a daily breakdown of the weather which is good if you live in a place where the weather changes quickly. You can also get a multi-day future forecast. It's easy to use.
B007IXWKUK|2.0|Not as poorly written as the first book, but still just a so-so story with lots of sex . . . Just like your basic porn film. Very derivative and repetitive dialogue with simplistic characters. Glad I only borrowed from the library and didn't purchase!
B001UV4XIS|5.0|The perfect find for my collection of potter. My kid loves the series of movies and sh was pleased. Thanks!
B00991TCOG|5.0|Lindsey is truly amazing and has a lot of talent! After watching and listening to her videos on youtube, I just had to have the CD!
B001UV4XHY|5.0|My little girl loved it. She still watches is whenever she has a sleepover. Great movie and great product. Thanks
B0051MKMNC|5.0|AWESOME MOVIE. Every time I watch this I am amazed at all the creative camera work and editing skills. Definitely recommend!
B000055XMF|5.0|I bought this for mom for her bday. She took me to the big screen to see this 20 yrs ago. Its everything she remembered. Great gift.
B00004Z459|1.0|I bought this for a family member's birthday, but this is not one of my favorite Linkin Park CDS. I give it one star.
193700788X|4.0|I stayed up into the wee hours of the morning finishing this last installment.  I think Charlaine recovered some of the charm of her earlier books that was notibly missing in the last two books.  It was full of action, Sookie has to once again fight problem after problem and always with her head held high!  Charlaine has tied up the loose ends with some great characters coming back in this last book in the Sookieverse, I loved every second!  A few giggles a few gasps of surprize and what I think is a perfect ending that fits and is true to the characters, no matter what anybody else says!  I highly recommend this book to all of you die-hard Sookie fans! Go Charlaine!
B000K4WPCM|5.0|I love this movie! Some very cool special effects and a neat story. Would definitely recommend this for those looking for a good movie.
B000O8OTNC|5.0|this is a solid piece of maintenance equipment for any bug out bag, I keep one in my bag as well as my wives.
B000J3OTSM|5.0|This movie will make you want to get up and dance. I'll be honest, the only reason I ordered this movie was because of Channing Tatum :) Acting is okay, and it makes for a cute story.
B00BOUL9DM|5.0|This is a game that keeps your mind sharp. It really makes you think. I sometimes can't put it down! I do other word games but this is my favorite one, it keeps me coming back!
B006LSZECO|4.0|Written with great style and very captivating. The ending was both good yet a tiny bit unsatisfying. Overall, a great read.
B006LSZECO|1.0|Because this has been on the best seller lists for over a year, I was pretty sure I would enjoy the book.  My problem is that there is not a single character I cared anything about and it's way too dark for me.
B00AB7HESI|4.0|I'm trying to download this app on my kindle fire and it says that there's an error in the download... so I can't even get the game. I don't know if it's something I've done, or if it's something beyond my control... I have Scribblenauts for DS so I gave it a good review anyways. I Have Faith! XD
B0024FA9IM|3.0|I've only seen this on the small screen, but its a fun frolic. It's like a low budget screenplay with large budget effects! This isn't the Lost in Space from my childhood but it is a movie you can enjoy with your children.<br />I will agree with another reviewer that I wish they would have left the CGI monkey out. Sort of obvious from the cut scenes that it was to much of the original script to totally scratch it. The movie would have been way short if they cut it all.<br />I also agree with the editor when it comes to the cut scenes. When viewing them they added nothing to the story and the movie is actually better without every one of them.<br />The weirdest part of the movie is actually how the story ends. And begins...<br />The launch of the Jupiter-1 as designed is an obvious tribute to the original ship from the T.V. series. But isn't it odd that boosters were needed at all to launch the ship when the Jupiter-II is specifically designed to land and take off from planets without the help of boosters? ? uhmmmm...<br />And the crew travels DECADES into the future to find the tape of Major West's friend and the Protious with all of its plants and trees... Well the original trip was only supposed to take 10 years. So they didn't make it to Alpha Centuri in time. The earth didn't die.. or a search would never have been attempted. Yet at the very end of the movie they use the Protious star charts to try to map a way to Alpha Centuri anyways... Can't they just go home now?<br />And they 'jump' away from the planet sucking them back just like they did away from the Sun at the beginning of the trip.. Why didn't they do that instead of a suicidal attempt to 'shoot' through the planet when it started to break up?? sigh.. We're supposed to suspend our 'reality' when watching any Sci-fi movie. But I really have a harder time doing that when very smart people (characters) do very stupid things.<br />Big marks for the characters. The cast was believable in their parts and they are truly the reason why this movie is watchable. Also high marks for bringing in the ladies from the original cast and actually giving them lines!<br /><br />Basically the directing is good, the cast is good, the movie moves as a good pace. Although the screenplay is (I must admit) pretty bad. I'll watch it again.
B009HUB40Y|4.0|addictive. I cant stop playing. I didn't think that I would like it but its awesome. try it and you just wont stop
B00AQ3K8IU|5.0|It wasn't at all what I expected but it was great. It had a few twist and turns that I didn't expect so it kept you on your toes.
B00CI9F786|4.0|As a long-time fan of Paolo Coelho's works, I was eager to read \\"Manuscript Found in Accra\\". In his latest, Coelho channels spiritual enlightenment by means of an intriguing premise. The discovery of a manuscript dating back to 1099 serves as the medium through which a mysterious figure known as the Copt expounds on questions pertaining to life. The advice given by this sage veers between the banal and the profound and it appears some of the sayings are adapted from holy books such as the Bible and also the Koran.<br /><br />Although I enjoyed the work and the timely reminders of some of these sayings and advice, I admit I was a tad disappointed as this book did not quite seem like a novel to me but more of a manual for living life, as seen in some of Coelho's earlier works such as [[ASIN:0060527986 Warrior of the Light: A Manual]]. Unlike some of my favorite Coelho works such as [[ASIN:0061122092 By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept: A Novel of Forgiveness]], and [[ASIN:0061124265 Veronika Decides to Die: A Novel of Redemption]], I did not get the sense of an actual plot but more like a series of conversations such as those found in [[ASIN:0691097186 The Collected Dialogues of Plato: Including the Letters (Bollingen Series LXXI)]].<br /><br />I have mixed feelings about this work, hence the 3.5*. On the one hand, it is not quite what I expected in a Coelho novel, but on the other hand, I found myself unexpectedly finding gems I wasn't particularly looking for within these pages, lending credence to the scriptural saying, \\"Seek and you will find.\\"
B0086700CM|3.0|its an okay game but I recommend to just go ahead and download Tempe run number two. its free and better. its more advance and quicker paced and more things to get and to buy.
B001NXDIMK|5.0|The story lines are great; good plot twists.The acting is fantastic. I enjoy the different directors without losing consistency. I LOVE Damages!!! Get all the seasons on DVD. You won't be dissappointed!
B009UX2YAC|5.0|I think subway surfer has the best running games. I don't mind playing it all day long. They have good graphic and it's fun too. I'm sure that everybody who played subway surfer think it was fun too. To me all ages can enjoy subway surfer. I don't know who made up subway surfer but I think they did a good job because I'm sure everybody who played it think it's now over the top of temple run.
B00C7TAF3Y|5.0|If you like puzzles or puzzle type games you will thoroughly enjoy this. Well worth<br /> the paltry 2,00 asking price.
B009NY43NY|5.0|I found DEA a graceful conclusion to the Sookie series and Ms. Harris still very much an honorable author. From the first book, Sookie's \\"mate\\" was going to be someone whose mind she couldn't read, someone with whom she could have babies and a Bon Temps family. So, it was Sam or someone like him from the getgo. That motif continued through all those baby showers, fears for children in danger, weddings, refusal to turn vampire and family loyalty. That was Sookie, unsinkable as Molly Brown!<br /><br />No new themes or \\"big, bad surprises\\" would have been possible when an author was bringing things to conclusion.<br /><br />Stephen King wrote \\"Misery\\" about readers who wouldn't let writers conclude a storyline and Kathy Bates scared the heck out of the film audience and James Caan as the movie lead. Ms. Harris seems too nice to grow perturbed, but if she enlisted Stephen King and what he can conjure, to help defend herself, yipes.
B00338QENI|5.0|I am always wishing I had more time to read, and once I started reading this I MADE time to finish it!  It was very informative, and it's the sad story to the woman who has provided so much to science.
0385523912|5.0|A book that is a must read, if not just to understand what was going on, and is still going on, but to be a witness to what has happened.  The details are horrible, tragic, making one angry and sad and dirty all at the same time.  The families who are destroyed, the children who starve or are left behind, the humanity trying to stand up in a pit of a Orwellian nation which does not trust its own police, agents, and military.  Even the use of the word Orwellian seems a understatement and a failure on my part to truly describe the horror within the pages of this book.  1984 was a fiction.  This is not.  The failure of the government to even meet the needs of its own elite and the collapse of its society, the willingness to do anything to say in power, to keep up the idea that everything it going well.  We get to see it from the view points of a couple of people, not smiling characters telling us their tales in a comfortable clean tea room.  This is not just lists of government numbers and data, all crisp and washed and presented for the public's pleasure or us to shake our heads over.  We get their loves, their failings, their day by day survive to keep themselves and their families fed, free, and human.  We watch them escape, return, arrested, abused, and escape again.  All the while loving their country if not their government and wishing to go back when it is all over.  That's the part that hurts - they still LOVE their people and their culture and want to return.  And have not been able to.  Many of the people in this book live in South Korea, a land that is strange to them, a land which has family yet is not home.  There is no happy forever after in this book.  Only a horror story that had not ended yet.<br />I would suggest this book only to those who have a strong stomach and a strong heart.  I gave this 5 stars, not because I love this book, as I do not think I can ever read it again.  But because I believe it is the type of book that can truly make people rethink EVERYTHING.hink EVERYTHING.
B009NY43NY|3.0|The book was just okay,nothing to write home about, and definitely doesn't do the series justice. Ending just seems cut short. Oh well!
193700788X|3.0|I admit this book felt a little like CH was tired of Sookie and her friends and just wanted to be done with them, but I didn't think that the ending was a let down at all.<br /><br />When the series started, Sookie was an outcast in her town, with few friends and no experience of any kind.  She was so happy to be able to interact with somebody without being overwhelmed with their thoughts, that she was unable to judge them or to keep from going overboard.  For a long time, she saw all of the new kinds of people she met as being just like her, only easier for her to be with.  Through the books she gradually found that the vampires were very political and difficult to understand or trust (Bill, of course, began their whole relationship because he was ordered by his master, and Eric, who she loved and continually forgave, routinely tricked her into doing things she did not want to do--like marry him, or create a blood bond with him).<br /><br />She learned that she loved her life, being in the sun, going to church, working and keeping her house.  She learned that there were some traditions that she would never be able to accept, such as the \\"open marriages\\" with the weres, where Alcide and Calvin were responsible for impregnating numerous women, or being turned to a vampire.<br /><br />I thought that the idea that Eric wanted her to turn has been coming for several books, but in this book she finally accepts that Eric would turn her without her consent.  It's odd that this would be a surprise since he was always doing things without her consent that he thought were in her best interest, but I thought it was compelling to have her look at Eric's other two \\"children\\" and realize that she was just part of a matching set.  After all, they had been Eric's lovers at first, and now where more friends/allies than wives.  She has also been thinking about children periodically for several books, also a tough thing for her to give up.<br /><br />She and Sam have had a sparky relationship for a long time.  She has  been holding back because she is afraid to loose him as a friend, but also in the youthful feeling that there is something else out there---something better---something more exciting. I think the outcome was forecast in the last book---If she did not love Sam, the magic would not have worked and she would not have been able to bring him back from the dead. And I think Eric knew this too.<br /><br />I think that the Sookie in this book has become a strong mature woman.  She knows the kind of life she wants, and she is willing to admit it to herself.  She wants to be a part of her home town, to garden, to help her friends, and to raise a family.  She no longer lusts after adventure, or those who are connected with it.  She is no longer isolated, and has earned the friendships she has as well as the acceptance of the people in town.  I don't think it is an accident that when she is kidnapped toward the end of the book, that she is rescued, not by supernatural beings, but by humans that want to help her.<br /><br />Sam matches what she really wants out of life.  She has tried other things, experimented with other life styles, and ultimately knows what will make her happy.  I'm glad she has the confidence to go with what she wants.<br /><br />(Although, I was hoping she would find out that her fairy blood gave her immortality and she could be with Eric forever. :-). Still can't complain too much as I believe the book does make sense and Sookie seems to be happy)
0321811984|5.0|Wonderful book full of all kinds of useful information. I must read for anyone who is serious about presenting well.
B009NY43NY|5.0|While there seem to be many dissenters out there, no one can fault Charlaine Harris's writing skill. Too many fans have confused the novels with True Blood, and too many seem angry at things, but a careful re-read of the other novels shows a great deal of foreshadowing here. No one likes a series to end, but the ending was logical based on the characters' behavior and motivations.  The prose was well written, flowed nicely, and immediately sucked the reader in to the world of Bon Temps. The series ends with happy endings for the characters who deserve it, okay endings for others, and death to the enemies. Who could ask for more than that?
0596522347|5.0|Wonderful book full of all kinds of useful information. I must read for anyone who is serious about presenting well.
193700788X|5.0|I was concerned when I learned that this would be the last book.  With each book in the series, there were more and more layers to consider when bringing Sookie's story to an end.  I am happy to say that Charlaine Harris did a brilliant job with this story.  I was surprised.  Questions I had were answered.  And, I enjoyed the story.  I look forward to reading the \\"what happened\\" book in October.  In a few years, I hope we hear more from Sookie's world.
B0074D3CAQ|4.0|Very personal, engaging story...a true pilgrimage, in every sense.  Science shows us that walking can, indeed, help us solve problems and allows access to parts of our brain that have been closed off...this story exemplifies that process.
B000JML7EC|5.0|A great adventure of wide open seas loaded with pirates, gold and the battle between good men and treacherous rum soaked sailors.  Both groups colorful treasure seekers.<br /><br />I first read this book at the age of 13. Now at the age of 64 I find this Stevenson novel has only gained in depth the second time around.<br /><br />A true pleasure.
B007TNQ7EY|3.0|The more i get into the game the slower it gets. I like the game,but it just gets tougher to play with all the lag. PLEASE FIX!!!!
B008YRVW0I|5.0|I love this game. I played it on my computer  but lost it somehow. It's a good brainless past time. Highly recommend this game to anyone of all ages.
0307352153|4.0|I read this book to try and better understand the introvert I am dating.  I loved the book.  I thought it was well written and very insightful.  It does get technical, so be prepared for that.  But it's well worth the time.  I highly recommend to all people.
B009KS4XRO|4.0|If you don't want to spend money, you have to keep up with your free credits which can take a few days to accumulate.  Other than that, this is one of the best out there.
B009NY43NY|4.0|Yet another example of Charlaine Harris's excellent writing and story telling skills. I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars because so much of the story was dedicated to wrapping up story lines that the pace was a little slower than usual, but I think this is inevitable in a series finale. I enjoyed seeing events and relationships come full circle. After so many years of Sookie giving unto others, it was great to see others support her in turn. Also, we see how Sookie's character has grown through her many tribulations. Playing in the supernatural world is not without cost. Sookie finally internalizes the hard lessons of her past and re-evaluates her priorities and decisions.<br /><br />There have been many opinion expressed, often with unnecessary vitriol, regarding the ending. Contrary to many other reviewers, IMHO the series could not have ended in any other manner while remaining true to the characters' natures and motivations. Even if it didn't end the way you would have preferred, Dead Ever After is a well-written book that  brings a poignant close to a much-loved series.
B000JMKNZQ|5.0|Although I feel that way about a lot of Coelho's books - this one is exceptional. To be so conflicted in this human experience and know that someone else feels that way too, gives me faith to push towards my dreams. A feel good book full of great advice and knowledge.
B000ION23K|1.0|When I got my copy in the mail I opened it right up and put it in my DVD player. It didn't even work. So I thought it was my DVD player so I put it in another DVD player same result. I only paid 5 dollars for it but it still didn't work. I don't recommend buying this DVD from here.
B003O86FMW|5.0|Five stars. Very easy read. Kept me wanting more. I would recommend for all ages. I will definitely be reading the next book.
B00BEZTMFY|1.0|I feel that Peter Jackson became cocky with the success of the Lord of the Ring series of movies.  The LTR movies are awesome and I can't imagine how they could be improved whereas \\"The Hobbit\\" movie should be erased from this world.<br />The story line in the book is more than sufficient for making a \\"Hobbit\\" movie without having to add extra characters such as the white orc and an entire sub plot that doesn't exist in the book.<br /><br />I did enjoy the extended, non book story line of the council meeting about the necromancer, the dwarve's history and Radagast.<br /><br />Perhaps, even with the current story line if the movie had been made with more subtlety and less bombastic and typical Hollywood type action it would have been more palatable.  As the movie is, I feel that Peter Jackson, money men and whichever other Hollywood cronies were envolved had some computer programmers read the Cliff's notes on the book- The Hobbit, with directions to make a video game which they could base a movie on.<br /><br />See the movie, but if you're a fan of Tolkien- expect to feel betrayed by the movie makers afterward.
B00BHHIWQO|2.0|While the game was fun to play, there was no way to turn the sound off--or at least there was not an option available that I could find.<br /><br />When I turned the game off, the sound still lingered for 10 or 15 seconds (possible longer) which was even more annoying.<br /><br />I wanted to be able to play this game while waiting at the doctor's office, but I do not want to disrupt people around me.
B00A3NQNUU|4.0|It'd be 5 stars, but I cannot open some of my friends islands.  When's the kindle fire HD going to be updated?
B0091REZMW|5.0|Lots of fun for people who love hidden object games! Explore a mansion and meet its residents while helping with their mission.
B002I9Z8I0|5.0|I am a die hard Trekkie and this is the best collection ever.  I would HIGHLY recommend this to anyone!
B008YU0AOE|5.0|The Apalon calculator app is just what I wanted. A simple calculator for everyday use. The best part is it's free.
B0007TKNII|5.0|This is a must have if you LOVE Gerard Butler!!  It is a fantastic movie that captivates you as soon as it starts.  Singing, acting, costumes, and sets are superb!  I love the fact that is more of a rock opera than a traditional stuffy opera so it should appeal to all viewers.  I would definitely recommend this widescreen version to anyone who loves musical spectacles!!
B008YRVW0I|3.0|It's a fun game, I don't understand why I can play for free on my computer, but not on my kindle fire???
B00BDRJ3Z2|4.0|I bought this as a new release so Love it, not yet but as I listen more and songs get release I will be very glad I own this.
B00004TDTO|5.0|One movie I will not forget. First time it came out at theater, I sat on front row. I had to buy this for my grandchildren, to watch on scary movie night. Thanks.
B0043ZDFEQ|5.0|My daughter (9) asked for a song on this album and when I looked at the other songs decided it would be best if we bought the whole album.  It is one of my favorite tanning been soundtracks.
B009NY43NY|1.0|Are you kiddng me?? Im pretty sure you just lost more then half of your fans harris. We have been loyal to you and your characters since the begining. And this is how you repay us? You should have ended this series years ago instead of wasting our time with the last few books which were nothing but pure lazy writing. You can tell through your writing that you got bored with the series yet wanted to keep writing for more money since it will probably be your last chance to be able to.  Im also pretty sure you hurt the tv series with what you pulled. Hopefully they wont steer in the same terrible direction you did.
B00B2V66VS|5.0|My son likes to play games on my phone or my husbands and this was a must add.  Again dinners out and waiting rooms are bearable.
B009NY43NY|3.0|Again, I found numerous instances where Harris contradicted herself from something she said in a prior book. She cared so little for the series and was so tired of telling Sookie's story that she forgot her own books/history.  What a disappointment.  She ended a long term relationship in the matter of 6 pages (it took her 6 books to build that relationship) Almost every character didn't seem like themselves at all.<br /><br />CH, you promised me directly last October that you would take great care to keep true to the characters and actually got upset at me that I would even question you...shame on me for believing you and spending lots of money & time reading this series!<br /><br />You should have ended the story at book #6....
B008BU75IQ|5.0|Compelling! Want the next!<br />Archer is on a roll with the Clifton Chronicles. I do hope this will not be the last.
B009NY43NY|5.0|Just the way I thought she should end up ever since book one. And I'm glad there is a companion book coming out later this year that tells about how everyone ends up.
B009YP9L7U|5.0|I found this book to be quite entertaining. It took twists and turns throughout, I never knew exactly what to expect. I just knew how  I wanted it to end. The writing was fantastic and the story was easy to get engulfed in. I read this book in one sitting, on my iPhone, while at work (don't tell my boss). Excellent read!
B004VMVTNU|4.0|I love the app, but the math problems gap too far and the captchas are a bit too hard for first waking up. Maybe having levels of those would work better. Overall an outstanding app though.
0307895475|5.0|Great guide, covers all of things SKYRIM; this is the big book on Skyrim. This is the best guide for the game of Skyrim, you will not; find a better guide.
B008AK8FHM|4.0|While I have to disagree with the title Proof of Heaven that this book was actually not proof of heaven, I found the premise and the experience shared in this book quite fascinating. Dr. Alexander talks about his experiences while in a coma from a serious bacterial meningitis attack that is quite rare and shuts down the neo-cortex of the brain, the part that makes us, basically, human, and puts him in a coma he was not expected to live through or return from. He shares his vivid memories of experiences he had in a place outside of this realm of existence, memories of acceptance, love, inclusiveness, connectedness, peace, calm and so many good things. The main point that of love, unconditional and overwhelming, in a way that isn't even able to be expressed on this world.<br /><br />Dr. Alexander considers this absolute proof of God and Heaven, where I see it as proof that there is something after this life, but not necessarily the religious versions of God and Heaven as we have been told in the Bible or through other religious upbringings. I find the concept of unconditional love fascinating, and somewhat comforting, and I definitely like the perspective of life of some sort, existence and consciousness of some sort, after this body fades away, especially now that I have been diagnosed with a terminal illness, and thinking about death and dying is something that has come to my mind sooner than it would for most people.<br /><br />I enjoyed his personal stories about his journey. I appreciated his honesty about how he was not really a believer prior to this experience, that he was a staunch man of science, to a point, and how this changed that. I like the way he now weaves these two things--the science and the faith--together to be a better doctor and a better person.<br /><br />I like that he provides other resources and information for the reader to read, to consider, and to decide for themselves what they think happened. I went to many of his other resources and read them and even saw him in some video where he was interviewed about his experiences. It's all very compelling... and again, somewhat comforting, especially to me. See, I have a terminal illness, and I know my death is more imminent than I had original expected it to be... life and death, this life and the afterlife, have both been big on my mind. This book did provide me some comfort, some feeling that there might be something else out there beyond this. I think I needed that. At the same time, there was some compelling stories that tied some things in his life together in a way that seems only able to happen outside of this realm. You'll have to read his story to learn more about it. If you're interested, but not sure about buying the book, look him up online and read some of the places where he talks about near death experiences with others who have had them too. Fascinating stuff, and it might help you make up your mind if this is something you want to consider buying or not. I consider it money well spent, if for nothing but the fascination factor.<br /><br />If you're not a believer, this book might make you think about an afterlife differently. If you are a believer, I think this book can really reenforce your faith. If you're a skeptic, you might still find this book fascinating in what it shares about how to live your life now. I think it's well worth considering and picking this one up to read, and he tells the story in a compelling way. There is enough technical and medical/scientific information to make you feel informed, but not so much it's bogged down. And there is enough personal anecdote and experience to feel you're reading a story too. Good balance.ad them and even saw him in some video where he was interviewed about his experiences. It's all very compelling... and again, somewhat comforting, especially to me. See, I have a terminal illness, and I know my death is more imminent than I had original expected it to be... life and death, this life and the afterlife, have both been big on my mind. This book did provide me some comfort, some feeling that there might be something else out there beyond this. I think I needed that. At the same time, there was some compelling stories that tied some things in his life together in a way that seems only able to happen outside of this realm. You'll have to read his story to learn more about it. If you're interested, but not sure about buying the book, look him up online and read some of the places where he talks about near death experiences with others who have had them too. Fascinating stuff, and it might help you make up your mind if this is something you want to consider buying or not. I consider it money well spent, if for nothing but the fascination factor.<br /><br />If you're not a believer, this book might make you think about an afterlife differently. If you are a believer, I think this book can really reenforce your faith. If you're a skeptic, you might still find this book fascinating in what it shares about how to live your life now. I think it's well worth considering and picking this one up to read, and he tells the story in a compelling way. There is enough technical and medical/scientific information to make you feel informed, but not so much it's bogged down. And there is enough personal anecdote and experience to feel you're reading a story too. Good balance.
B005CRQ3NY|5.0|I loved it so much it was so so so funny I've read it so meany times I just love it.  Love, delaney :D
B009NY43NY|2.0|I have read and own each and every Sookie Stackhouse book, some I have read more than once. I was very excited when I found out that the last novel was being released and even put it in my outlook calendar so I would not miss the release date. Now I realize I should not have bothered. I love Sookie Stackhouse, but what a let down on the last one. It felt as though Charlaine just wanted to get the darn thing over with, so she just threw together a few old characters and there you go. What a disappointment.
B00AZMFK3K|3.0|I am a longtime Trekkie and was of course in the cinema at the first chance and today again. Therefore I update my review after the second view but I don't change the original rating.<br /><br />By the [[ASIN:B007ZQJN1Y Star Trek]] Videogame I don't understand the bad reviews and at this movie I don't understand all the positive reviews from the daily press.<br /><br />I am a huge Star Trek fan since TNG and these days they are releasing the [[ASIN:B00B7VZN76 Star Trek: The Next Generation - Season Three [Blu-ray]]] of the 3rd season and therefore I am looking it again. There are light years between TNG and the new Star Trek. Would Picard beat a prisoner which has capitulated? Would he works on an assassination mission? Would he kills a troop of Klingons when there is another way? I think no. The old Star Trek was about morale and to show a better way to live for the people on this planet. Star Trek Into Darkness (STID) is cold and militaristic. The Federation is no longer a research institution. They now wear grey uniforms and ugly military caps. Furthermore you can see in many scenes armed guards.<br /><br />About the old Star Trek - before JJ Abrams - scientist like Lawrence M. Krauss wrote books about the brilliant science in Star Trek for example [[ASIN:B0087WYNH4 The Physics of Star Trek]], about JJ Abrams version of Star Trek you couldn't wrote a single scientific paper.<br /><br />In addition the terroristic topic doesn't fit to Star Trek. In the world of Star Trek the people normally have solved these petty conflicts between humans. Furthermore I can't understand Harrisons motive to hate the Federation? The Federation is not his enemy it is only a single Admiral. But this was also a problem of Star Trek XI and I think that the writers Ocri, Krutzman and Lindelof are not good enough to write a believable antagonist.<br /><br />I enjoyed - inspite all the flaws - the last Star Trek movie and I like the new Crew. I think it was a good start but at STID JJ Abrams is too far away from the optimistic vision of Gene Roddenberry. When I am watching a Scifi movie like Star Trek I don't want the same sh.. as I can see in the daily TV news.<br /><br />I want a promising message. I want an ethical behavior of the Crew of the Enterprise. I want diplomatic and science topics. And I want more screentime for Uhura (Zoe Saldana), Scotty (Simon Pegg) and McCoy (Karl Urban) - thay are all fantastic actors and they deserve it.<br /><br />Therefore I am happy that JJ Abrams is now working on the next Star Wars movie (since the dull Episode I-II everything else is an improvement). And I hope that therefore Brannon Braga or Ronald D. Moore (the old TNG writers) get a chance to change the course of Star Trek.<br /><br />Conclusion: Star Trek Into Darkness is a fast Scifi-movie full of action. The visuals are cool but good and the soundtrack is great. Unfortunately this is no longer the Star Trek I love.
B002ZG9774|5.0|Watched with my daughter and my mom.<br />We knew we had to buy it soon.<br />I decided to buy it and the soundtrack for my mom.<br />She is going to love it.<br />Thank you!
B005GFPZYK|5.0|I had heard of the exploits of Chris Kyle and reading his book reinforced the need for excellent training and selecting the best qualified men for jobs of this nature.  Unfortunately, I had not quite finished reading the book when we learned that Chris and a friend had been killed on a shooting range by a soldier that they were trying to help adapt to life away from the war zone.
B0043KK4N6|5.0|Thank you for sending this to me quickly.<br />It was a gift for my mom after she watched it with my daughter.<br />She was so happy with it.<br />It was in perfect shape, still factory sealed.<br />THanks
B008AK8FHM|5.0|As I have grown older and being a believer in the Bible, I became aware that there was often conflict between the Scientific world and the Religious world.  I had read several books relating to life after death, but this was the first book authored by a man who was well versed in the scientific world and had spent all of his adult life either studying or working in the medical profession.  I found this book to be very well written, reinforcing many beliefs that we Christians have developed and in general, making me less concerned about what lies in store for me when my time on earth ends.
1591844096|5.0|Seth strikes again with an amazing read and valuable content.<br />Lynchpin really does help you understand how to become<br />indispensable.
B009EHDU7U|5.0|This is a thoroughly enjoyable read. I laughed more than I've laughed at a book for a long, long time. It's fun, it's poignant, and the characters are brilliantly portrayed. I bought it because of the title. Let's face it, it's an interesting title! And it managed to live up to that first impression. One of those books that I didn't ever want it to end. Read it. You will not be disappointed.
B004HW7JMO|5.0|The genesis of the ludus .....u can't revisit the beginning in better style. Full episodes that takes us back to the beginning.
B0097GVJWQ|5.0|Loved this game. It was exactly the kind of ho adventure game I look for. Graphics r outstanding and the story line was interesting. Can't wait for the second one
B003PIUBZS|5.0|Well worth the purchase as Mr. Whitfield performs flawlessly and intensely. So sad that it was his final season on the show.
1432794426|5.0|It's refreshing to read this credible and  nonsensationalized book about perhaps the greatest entertainer of our times!<br />  The author's hard work and dedication in writing and publishing this thoroughly researched and distilled volume can only be welcomed and applauded.  --ricardo nacca
B0072OFM28|5.0|The complete series for the serious Spartacus fan. We might have lost our tv series but it live on in uncut and uninterrupted perfection. A spectacle for the gods!
B000075BFK|5.0|Maybe I'm biased because I like 2pac alot but everything he does I normally enjoy. It's just a matter of what album or song I like better than the other. Anyway, \\"Better Dayz\\" holds up with the rest of the albums released after 2pac's death. In some ways it almost even outshines \\"Until the End of Time\\" sometimes but never touches \\"R U Still Down\\". The range of emotions through-out this album is incredible and even if certain little details have been changed or little things added, this definitely holds it's own well with the rest of 2pac's catalog.<br />Posthumous albums ranked:<br /><br />1. Don Killuminati: 7 Day Theory<br />2. R U Still Down (Remember Me)<br />3. (tie) Until the End of Time/Better Dayz<br />4. Still i Rise<br /><br />If you're a 2pac fan, stop reading and buy it already<br /><br />If you're getting into 2pac, get his best album \\"Me Against the World\\"
B00AAQRNQ8|5.0|Just as good as a $100 mouse. It has weight options and good software, once it is broken in. It is incredibly fast and has 8000 DPI settings. That is way too much but this thing is amazing for the price. Fits just like a MX518 I used to had. Great value.
B007J4T2G8|3.0|The sex parts were great but it was a sucky ending n dose not make me want to read the next book!! I mean how much \\"story\\" was there in this book really?? Kinda makes a romance novel a romance novel you no...
B009IUH1N2|4.0|I liked it because it wasn't to easy and not to hard.  It is also fun  because sometimes there are comics after you complete certain levels.
B00CHSPB8Y|4.0|Graphics can be slow but good game play! Working on adding more suits so I'm still playing. Work on the speed of the gameplay and you've got a really great game!!!
B00BD2DRHW|4.0|I liked it a lot, because it was challenging and I like building things like bridges.  I like being creative.
B0015DYIH2|5.0|I swear I had never been into reading much until I read the first twilight book and this was the absolute perfect ending for a beautiful series of perfect books
B001ANSSDC|4.0|I was really surprised I thought the book was going to go so many different ways, but a silver lining and a surprise was good
B00AJAFNIA|4.0|At first this seems like a very simple game, but there is a strategy to it, which makes the game interesting.
B003WUYRGI|5.0|This is the. Best I ever used thank u guys so much for everything with using the dictionary. dictionAry a jjdhdhduhdhxbdhdhdydbdhdvxhx
B00A81MV3U|5.0|The more I watch this movie, the better I like it!  It is certainly about real people.  Bradley Cooper's character was released from a mental institution for severe Bipolar Disorder (and a few other disorders, I think).  He is devastated that his wife left him and is convinced he is still madly in love with her.  Jennifer Lawrence plays a widow with personality disorders of her own.  They make quite a quirky couple, but in a good way.  The movie shows people with mental disabilities try to make their way in life that builds up to a surprising, happy ending!  It's a good movie, not GREAT, but very good.  I recommend it.
B000W7JWUA|2.0|Really great game. However, the set I received was missing 1 blue settlement piece and 1 orange city piece (there were a total of 4 blue settlement pieces and 3 orange city pieces). The quality control unfortunately appears to be imperfect.
B003YL4LYI|5.0|I must say that I was drawn into this story completely. Fell in love with some of the characters and hate a few too. To me the book has to make me forget about the time and place I am in and take to into the story completely. Make me feel as if I have always known the characters. This series has done all that for me. Can not wait to leave my world behind again with the next book.
B003NX76BM|5.0|I loved the characters! All of them! I simply had a hard time putting it down. Would recommend to anybody who enjoys suspense and a real story with their romance.
B005FPT51K|4.0|I am not sure why this gets such a range of reviews from awful to great. I received from my sister as a baby gift and she was not sure from the questionable reviews but after I set it up in about 10 minutes it works great. The only thing that kept me from giving it a full 5 stars was the lack of a speaker, I think that would be a nice touch and temperature reading. Other than that I would highly recommend, easy to set up and use.
193700788X|1.0|Charlaine Harris: A+ for creating interesting characters, F for stringing your fans along - now that I've actually read the book and not just spoilers I feel terribly disappointed to have fallen for what obviously was a money grabbing scheme by Ms. Harris. It's clear she has utter contempt for her fans unless they are sychophants. She never has set the literary world on fire with her writing (it's amateurish at best) but she did create some engaging characters only to completely destroy and misrepresent them later - can you say Deux Ex Machina? I'm thinking of writing a dozen or so books of 300 pages or so, bet I could at least manage the mythology of the world I create continugously and not string fans along so I can reap more $$$.
B0091REZMW|4.0|fun game but I hats that it forces you to invite friends and spend real money if you want to plaay the game at full effect.
B001SGEUNI|5.0|One of my favorite albums.  The vocals are spectacular.  Keep an eye on this band - they are going to be big.
B0067R0APK|4.0|The is a lot of information and it takes a bit of getting used to but it's great once you're familiar with it.
B007CMD5AQ|5.0|Strong Album - Lizzy's vocals are spectacular and the band adds a driving force behind her.  This band continues to refine itself and grow.
1609421620|5.0|Thanks a ton! I was so excited when i received my book, i was not expecting it so soon.<br />This was one of those books i had to have, i'm so glad u had it. It is in great condition.<br />Thanks again,<br />Appreciative buyer
B009KS4XRO|5.0|This app is great, I play via Facebook on laptop,iPhone and kindle. Works perfect on each device!! Definitely worth it
B00AQ3K8IU|5.0|The fight-or-flight response, (also called the fight-or-flight-or-freeze response, hyper arousal, or the acute stress response), refers to a fundamental physiological reaction that occurs in the presence of something that is terrifying, either mentally or physically. The \\"fight or flight response\\" is our body's primitive, automatic, inborn response that prepares the body to \\"fight\\" or \\"flee\\" from perceived attack, harm or threat to our survival.<br />There are  experiences that unfortunately happen in the lives of the young  that may cause (force) one into adult situations and adult thinking.  When faced with life threatening situations,  the mind stops acting like a child and starts protecting like an adult,  and the ones around you that witness what you are going through find a way to cope in their own way and try to protect you the only ways they know how, even though they don't always comprehend what is actually happening. I think that's the true definition of fight or flight.<br />This was a great story and I'll be recommending it to many but, you really have to be ready and willing to accept the journey of emotion that comes from reading something like this.  Its deep, and dark, and heavy, and full of the most realistic truths of life.  However, it's also full of hope.<br /><br />Sky has a pretty good life.  She has a stable home, her neighbor  is also her bestfriend (irony reincarnate), and she has a very supportive well- rounded mother.  Well, kind of anyway.  The biggest complaint Sky has about herself is that she doesn't feel anything.<br /><br />Holder used to have a pretty good life, but now he has a broken home and a troubled past, with no hopes of a bright future.  Holder has an explosive temper that lands him in trouble all the time.<br />The lives of Ski and Holder are completely turned upside down when their paths cross...
1439190275|1.0|A year ago, I would've given this book 5+ stars. I read this book along with 'Good Calories, Bad Calories', 'How I Gave Up my Low Fat Diet and Lost 40 Pounds\\", \\"Wheat Belly\\" and many many more.<br /><br />I started the diet in September of 2011 and lost 10 pounds the first month. I was thrilled. However, my weight loss stopped and my constipation was horrible. I was eating lots vegetables and salads, but it made no difference. I added psyllium husk and still no difference. After two months, my constipation problems resolved and I thought that my body had simply adjusted. I continued this way of eating afraid of gaining the 10 pounds back. I kept checking the strips to make sure I stayed in ketosis and was very strict with my diet. I ate \\"healthy\\" the way it indicated in all these books. I had lots of vegetables and a handful of berries each day, along with the regular meat, eggs and cheeses with no bread and no sugar. By February of 2012, I had a visible tumor on my neck. This scared the heck out of me, but I thought, \\"this can't be cancer....cancer feeds on sugar right?\\" Well, sure enough, it was a thyroid tumor. Now, these tumors are usually very treatable and not aggressive. However, after my surgery, I was told by my surgeon that it was very unusual to have this kind of tumor behave so aggressively and invade so many lymph nodes around my neck.<br /><br />Can you imagine how confused I was? Here I'd been on this no sugar, no carb diet for the last 6 months and yet.....a tumor had grown rapidly and aggressively in my neck.<br /><br />After researching for many many months as to how this could be, I came across some articles that say that ketones fuel tumors. I had a huge 'Aha' moment. This is another alternative idea as to why diabetics get more cancer. Is not that the sugar is feeding the cancer, but that the KETONES are feeding the tumor and it makes them more aggressive. I also kept coming across the Warburg Effect of cancer, but more importantly, came acrossthe REVERSE Warburg Effect which indicates that the cancer tumors have other ways of feeding themselves besides glucose. I also saw some reports or contra-arguments about that, but to me, I need no further proof. SUGAR DID NOT feed my tumor, but the ketones sure did. It also showed me that going into ketosis will NOT get rid of cancer tumors as I've seen over and over in many internet pages.<br /><br />I just want to warn people to please, please, please, take care of your health and not go into ketosis. Yes, I agree that lesser carbs is better, but some carbs are good. I found out about the relationship between IP6 and cancer. Where is IP6 found? In bran.....rice, corn, wheat. High intakes of IP6 have been strongly associated with less cancer.<br /><br />The main advice is to please read everything you can about an anti-cancer diet BEFORE you have cancer. Otherwise, you'll be like me, like a deer in the headlights....frozen and afraid.<br /><br />If you want to kill a cancer patient fast or if you want to grow a cancer, I am convinced, you just need to follow the advice in this book....Scary. Am paying the consequences and would hate to see more people be ignorant of these other factors.<br /><br />Stay healthy and informed. The worst thing to do is to be convinced that what you are doing is THE right way. Always stay curious and question everything, no matter how scientific it sounds. It applies to me too.
B004HXIZVC|5.0|Great for previewing whatever music you want to listen to. I have a Soundcloud account, where I follow one independent musician, and this is very handy to review his pieces when he releases them.
1609611543|1.0|A year ago, I would've given this book 5+ stars. I read this book along with 'Good Calories, Bad Calories', The Atkins Diet, 'How I Gave Up my Low Fat Diet and Lost 40 Pounds\\" and many many more.<br /><br />I started the diet in September of 2011 and lost 10 pounds the first month. I was thrilled. However, my weight loss stopped and my constipation was horrible. I was eating lots vegetables and salads, but it made no difference. I added psyllium husk and still no difference. After two months, my constipation problems resolved and I thought that my body had simply adjusted. I continued this way of eating afraid of gaining the 10 pounds back. I kept checking the strips to make sure I stayed in ketosis and was very strict with my diet. I ate \\"healthy\\" the way it indicated in all these books. I had lots of vegetables and a handful of berries each day, along with the regular meat, eggs and cheeses with no bread and no sugar. By February of 2012, I had a visible tumor on my neck. This scared the heck out of me, but I thought, \\"this can't be cancer....cancer feeds on sugar right?\\" Well, sure enough, it was a thyroid tumor. Now, these tumors are usually very treatable and not aggressive. However, after my surgery, I was told by my surgeon that it was very unusual to have this kind of tumor behave so aggressively and invade so many lymph nodes around my neck.<br /><br />Can you imagine how confused I was? Here I'd been on this no sugar, no carb diet for the last 6 months and yet.....a tumor had grown rapidly and aggressively in my neck.<br /><br />After researching for many many months as to how this could be, I came across some articles that say that ketones fuel tumors. I had a huge 'Aha' moment. This is another alternative idea as to why diabetics get more cancer. Is not that the sugar is feeding the cancer, but that the KETONES are feeding the tumor and it makes them more aggressive. I also kept coming across the Warburg Effect of cancer, but more importantly, came across the REVERSE Warburg Effect which indicates that the cancer tumors have other ways of feeding themselves besides glucose. I also saw some reports or contra-arguments about that, but to me, I need no further proof. SUGAR DID NOT feed my tumor, but the ketones sure did. It also showed me that going into ketosis will NOT get rid of cancer tumors as I've seen over and over in many internet pages.<br /><br />I just want to warn people to please, please, please, take care of your health and not go into ketosis. Yes, I agree that lesser carbs is better, but some carbs are good. I found out about the relationship between IP6 and cancer. Where is IP6 found? In bran.....rice, corn, wheat. High intakes of IP6 have been strongly associated with less cancer.<br /><br />The main advice is to please read everything you can about an anti-cancer diet BEFORE you have cancer. Otherwise, you'll be like me, like a deer in the headlights....frozen and afraid.<br /><br />If you want to kill a cancer patient fast or if you want to grow a cancer, I am convinced, you just need to follow the advice in this book....Scary. Am paying the consequences and would hate to see more people be ignorant of these other factors.<br /><br />Stay healthy and informed. The worst thing to do is to be convinced that what you are doing is THE right way. Always stay curious and question everything, no matter how scientific it sounds. It applies to me too.s the REVERSE Warburg Effect which indicates that the cancer tumors have other ways of feeding themselves besides glucose. I also saw some reports or contra-arguments about that, but to me, I need no further proof. SUGAR DID NOT feed my tumor, but the ketones sure did. It also showed me that going into ketosis will NOT get rid of cancer tumors as I've seen over and over in many internet pages.<br /><br />I just want to warn people to please, please, please, take care of your health and not go into ketosis. Yes, I agree that lesser carbs is better, but some carbs are good. I found out about the relationship between IP6 and cancer. Where is IP6 found? In bran.....rice, corn, wheat. High intakes of IP6 have been strongly associated with less cancer.<br /><br />The main advice is to please read everything you can about an anti-cancer diet BEFORE you have cancer. Otherwise, you'll be like me, like a deer in the headlights....frozen and afraid.<br /><br />If you want to kill a cancer patient fast or if you want to grow a cancer, I am convinced, you just need to follow the advice in this book....Scary. Am paying the consequences and would hate to see more people be ignorant of these other factors.<br /><br />Stay healthy and informed. The worst thing to do is to be convinced that what you are doing is THE right way. Always stay curious and question everything, no matter how scientific it sounds. It applies to me too.
B00881PTRC|5.0|Brush up on your spelling, and make sure you know what the word is, because you'll get hanged before you know it!
0307474259|1.0|A year ago, I would've given this book 5+ stars.  I read this book along with 'Good Calories, Bad Calories', The Atkins Diet, 'How I Gave Up my Low Fat Diet and Lost 40 Pounds\\", \\"Wheat Belly\\" and many many more.  I watched Gary Taubes videos on YouTube and was very convinced that doing this diet was the right thing to do.<br /><br />I started the diet in September of 2011 and lost 10 pounds the first month.  I was thrilled.  However, my weight loss stopped and my constipation was horrible.  I was eating lots vegetables and salads, but it made no difference.  I added psyllium husk and still no difference.  After two months, my constipation problems resolved and I thought that my body had simply adjusted.  I continued this way of eating afraid of gaining the 10 pounds back.  I kept checking the strips to make sure I stayed in ketosis and was very strict with my diet.  I ate \\"healthy\\" the way it indicated in all these books.  I had lots of vegetables and a handful of berries each day, along with the regular meat, eggs and cheeses with no bread and no sugar.  By February of 2012, I had a visible tumor on my neck.  This scared the heck out of me, but I thought, \\"this can't be cancer....cancer feeds on sugar right?\\"  Well, sure enough, it was a thyroid tumor.  Now, these tumors are usually very treatable and not aggressive.  However, after my surgery, I was told by my surgeon that it was very unusual to have this kind of tumor behave so aggressively and invade so many lymph nodes around my neck.<br /><br />Can you imagine how confused I was?  Here I'd been on this no sugar, no carb diet for the last 6 months and yet.....a tumor had grown rapidly and aggressively in my neck.<br /><br />After researching for many many months as to how this could be, I came across some articles that say that ketones fuel tumors.  I had a huge 'Aha' moment.  This is another alternative idea as to why diabetics get more cancer.  Is not that the sugar is feeding the cancer, but that the KETONES are feeding the tumor and it makes them more aggressive.  I also kept coming across the Warburg Effect of cancer, but more importantly, came across the REVERSE Warburg Effect which indicates that the cancer tumors have other ways of feeding themselves besides glucose.  I also saw some reports or contra-arguments about that, but to me, I need no further proof.  SUGAR DID NOT feed my tumor, but the ketones sure did.  It also showed me that going into ketosis will NOT get rid of cancer tumors as I've seen over and over in many internet pages.<br /><br />I just want to warn people to please, please, please, take care of your health and not go into ketosis.  Yes, I agree that lesser carbs is better, but some carbs are good.  I found out about the relationship between IP6 and cancer.  Where is IP6 found?  In bran.....rice, corn, wheat.  High intakes of IP6 have been strongly associated with less cancer.<br /><br />The main advice is to please read everything you can about an anti-cancer diet BEFORE you have cancer.  Otherwise, you'll be like me, like a deer in the headlights....frozen and afraid.<br /><br />If you want to kill a cancer patient fast or if you want to grow a cancer, I am convinced, you just need to follow the advice in this book....Scary.  Am paying the consequences and would hate to see more people be ignorant of these other factors.<br /><br />Stay healthy and informed.  The worst thing to do is to be convinced that what you are doing is THE right way.  Always stay curious and question everything, no matter how scientific it sounds.  It applies to me too.are feeding the tumor and it makes them more aggressive.  I also kept coming across the Warburg Effect of cancer, but more importantly, came across the REVERSE Warburg Effect which indicates that the cancer tumors have other ways of feeding themselves besides glucose.  I also saw some reports or contra-arguments about that, but to me, I need no further proof.  SUGAR DID NOT feed my tumor, but the ketones sure did.  It also showed me that going into ketosis will NOT get rid of cancer tumors as I've seen over and over in many internet pages.<br /><br />I just want to warn people to please, please, please, take care of your health and not go into ketosis.  Yes, I agree that lesser carbs is better, but some carbs are good.  I found out about the relationship between IP6 and cancer.  Where is IP6 found?  In bran.....rice, corn, wheat.  High intakes of IP6 have been strongly associated with less cancer.<br /><br />The main advice is to please read everything you can about an anti-cancer diet BEFORE you have cancer.  Otherwise, you'll be like me, like a deer in the headlights....frozen and afraid.<br /><br />If you want to kill a cancer patient fast or if you want to grow a cancer, I am convinced, you just need to follow the advice in this book....Scary.  Am paying the consequences and would hate to see more people be ignorant of these other factors.<br /><br />Stay healthy and informed.  The worst thing to do is to be convinced that what you are doing is THE right way.  Always stay curious and question everything, no matter how scientific it sounds.  It applies to me too.
1401324649|1.0|I like a book with more depth than this one .  I could not finish it and I very seldom havd that trouble.. How many people do you have that  found it worth their time?
B00BHHIWQO|5.0|I enjoy playing this game and trying to beat other people's high scores. I like this game very much. It's fun too sit there and play. The fire diamond are cool. The fire minute is cool too.
B009NY43NY|2.0|My disappointment lies mostly with the author.  The book itself is the usual Sookie fluff, but with a poorly fleshed out story.  My main issue is that CH, like so many other authors, seems to have no idea what the characters she created are actually like.  You have spent all these years telling us what they like, dislike, can or can't do; and you discard all of that in the course of the last two books.  Shame on you for knowing less about your characters than I do.  Does anyone else remember Diantha can burn things?  Why did she need a lighter in this book?<br /><br />All in all a sad ending to a series that has occupied many hours over the last several years.
B0001I561E|5.0|I got this item, opened it, put it in and HELLO it doesn't work.  Couldn't get movie to play from the menu when choosing play selection.  Then I went to scene selection, got it to play for all of 10 min and now the movie won't play from any selection beyond that. My kids were so excited to get this movie and then very sad when I couldn't get it to play.  The only great thing about this is that the seller got back to me almost instantly and has promised to ship out a new one.  If the next one works correctly, not only will they get a five star review, but I will also edit this review.<br /><br />Update:  May 13,2013<br />I had originally received a defective DVD, but when I contacted the seller, they send me a new one without even asking me to return the defective DVD.  This one works PERFECT.  AWESOME seller and AWESOME movie. I loved this movie when I was a kid and now my kids LOVE LOVE LOVE this movie too.  Thank you so much!!
0761169253|5.0|I attended the Print & ePublishing Conference (PePCon) in Austin, Texas April 28-May 1, 2013, and 'Steal Like an Artist' author Austin Kleon was one of the speakers! I was able to buy a book from him there for $10 and he signed it for me as well. He was a fantastic speaker with very sensible logic when it came to being creative. I highly recommend this wonderful book.
B000ZMCVRI|5.0|I love it. I listen to Bob Marley songs rather a lot. This album is worth the money. One love!
B00157P6AG|5.0|Metallica never sounded so elegant, and just beautiful.  Love Apocalyptica!  I have a few of their albums and am never disappointed.
B003RNXIBK|5.0|One best albums he has done so far. The previous album was just trash, this one is much better. Definitely worth the money.
B0087JTAKW|5.0|This is one of those books that stop you in your everyday motion and give you a reason to take a breathe, look around and truly appreciate all of the gifts that you have been given to you in your life.  It was a wonderful read and I highly recommend this book!
0143112724|5.0|I love this book. Every time I doubt myself, I use this book. I recommend this book to all of my friends and students.
193700788X|1.0|Dear Charlaine,<br />Thank you for creating Sookie's world and all the characters in it.  That said, HOW could you present this sloppy, uninspired garbage as the end????  There were so many inconsistancies and blatant fudging of your universe's rules and the characters I've come to know and love were not themselves.  You want to call those of us who are extremely disappointed in this dreck \\"entitled readers?\\" Well, take a look in the mirror Sweetheart!<br /><br />YOU wrote Eric's evolution from mysterious, warrior, bad boy vampire to loving husband.  YOU made Sookie, and therefore me, fall in love with him.  He was the only one throughout the entire series who was always in Sookie's corner, whether she knew it or not.  He was the one who showed her how beautiful, smart and brave she was.  He was the one who reminded her the telepathy was a gift not a handicap.  He graveled her drive, prevented her from being bonded to Andre, took a bullet for her and kept her secret about Debbie Pelt.  That's just what I can think of off the top of my head.  Even Sookie says he was the only one who \\"got her\\".  And what does he get in the end???? 200 years of slavery to a queen he could have easily squashed while overthrowing Felipe's regime and freeing himself from his maker's contract, which was already a convoluted plot issue.<br /><br />YOU wrote Bill's betrayal.  YOU wrote the lies and deceit.  YOU wrote the trunk scene in Club Dead.  And what does he get in the end?  Sookie's eternal friendship.  That is a slap in the face of all rape victims.<br /><br />YOU wrote Sam consistently as \\"my best friend and boss.\\"  YOU wrote him dating/fooling around with Calista, the maanad who tried to kill Sookie and Jannalynn, who also tried to kill Sookie.  YOU wrote that Sookie could read his mind if he wasn't actively blocking her.  Now, when it's convenient, the mind reading isn't an issue?  He is given a free pass regarding the maanad because her influence was overwhelming and he \\"couldn't\\" resist?  How about sharing some of that empathy in regards to vampires and their makers.  Futhermore, YOU wrote Sookie as being wary of her feelings for Eric because of the blood bond and yet she doesn't care if the cluvil dor influenced her feelings for Sam??<br /><br />Finally, YOU introduced Sookie as a wide eyed innocent in a world of supernaturals.  She was feisty and accepting of things that were different from her because she was different and had suffered her whole life because of it. Now despite her gift, essential spark and the opportunity to give her a life worth living, you morphed her into Arlene, complete with trailer and a man she settled for rather than fighting for her true love.  You took Sookie on a 13 book oddessey only to wind up at the same dead end job, in the same dead end town, with the same dead end people who think she's crazy.  But MAYBE she and Sam will be together by Christmas.  You should have named this final mess Dead End or Dead On Arrival.<br /><br />Thank you for teaching me a very valuable lesson.  I will never waste another dollar or minute of my time on anything you write again.<br /><br />Sincerely,<br />The Entitled Reader
B001TH16DI|5.0|I was surprised to hear my husband say that he didn't have these films on Blu-ray!  Then I got an email from Amazon with a terrific price that included all of them.  Even though Father's Day is awhile off, I ordered it  to allow extra time so I could take advantage of free shipping too. He's going to love them!
B00BESM14U|5.0|I was inspired to watch this movie after I read an article on which Emma Watson gave her input on the role as &#34;Sam&#34;. This movie is somewhat comprable to the Breakfast Club because it deals with some heavy issues but they're issues that we're dealing with as a society today.
B0079KGAOY|5.0|This collection made my husband VERY happy!  It arrived as promised and in great shape.  He spent the next couple of days watching each disk! You made me look like a hero! Thanks!
0345803493|4.0|This book is probably my favorite in the series because the main characters show an extreme amount of growth and learn a lot about each other. However, I am a Seattle native, and I wish the author would have been a little bit more accurate when creating the scenes.
B0060FXBNM|5.0|I ordered this Blu-ray set for my husband through an Amazon daily deal email.  It even qualified for free shipping.  It arrived as promised and was in perfect shape.  I got it early so there was enough time to allow the extra delivery time needed to use the free shipping.  I'm trying to decide if I'll give it to him on Father's Day or his birthday.  Either way, I'm covered!
0345803485|4.0|I hopped on the bandwagon and got totally sucked in. There is all sorts of hot action in this book and quite frankly every guy should read this book and take a few tips.
B00BMCAM6M|2.0|It is not working on my Fire Kindle...so I really cant say whether it is good or not...sorry about that
0345803507|3.0|Don't get me wrong, it's a good story but let's get serious. There are things that happen in this story line that are just highly unlikely and in my opinion take women a step backward.
B008JMKN4Y|5.0|I read this book in one day and it has been a while since I found a book this captivating....I find myself wishing wasn't over and very glad there is a sequel!
B004XJRQUQ|5.0|This book was fantastic.  It is an action packed, political drama, romance that was a page turner.  Excellent read for any age.
193700788X|1.0|I can't believe Charlaine Harris killed the story like that !!! Really !!! I hope to god you redeem yourself because otherwise I have wasted all these years and money in your books dreaming with Sookie and Eric's happy ever after and what did you deliver ??? Sam !!! Really???? I'm so disgusted , I always bought your books the same day they came out eager for more I stay up all night reading it , but if this is your ending Sookie and Sam you just committed a career suicide , do you have any  idea how many fans you just disappointed and pi$$ed off ??????
B00BP4Z8XY|4.0|I love this movie, way to cute. I also like the convenience of just being able to stream on those emergency days when all the sudden it raining and the kids have already seen all the moves 100000 times.
B00992CF6W|4.0|It is good but it is not like the computer version of minecraft when you get this I will recommend to get pocketinveditorpro so you can get what you want
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|Its great fun and lots of laughter when you don't elimanate all the moneys...Boy they sure laugh at you!!!  Bring us more angry birds. I highly recommend it for all ages.
B002LFPAUC|5.0|Fawlty Towers is quintessintial British humor!  The bumbling hotel owner always in trouble with his very correct wife and their employees make me laugh no matter how many times I have seen them.
B006KX3GXO|5.0|This is so good it should cost.money. hurry before it does. It's nice, looking photos at the Palm of your hands. Too good. Pleez get. U can use the photos u save on it kindle TO edit too!
B0053TMP24|5.0|Loved it mixes Roman mythology with the modern world. Once you read this one you will want to read the third one
B0091REZMW|4.0|I Love this game I love games that you have to complete objects to keep going and I have to stop playing this game to wait for my energy to restore. So I have to get back to my real life. I recommend this game to anyone who likes hidden object games
1439102813|5.0|This book was not for me but I ordered it as a gift, the condition of the book was everything I had hoped.
B009NG1Q96|5.0|The twists were unbelievable. I have never been so surprised by a book. One minute you think you know someone the next you don't this just goes to show how great of an author Keira Cass is. The elite is a great book.
B000FC1HBY|5.0|Full of action, magic, and deceipt. If you are a fan of fantasy this is an epic tale that will make 700 pages go by quick
B009IEXKXI|5.0|Read this book now, that is my recommendation. Haven't read such an intriguing adventure in a long time. Well done Mr Weir.
B005LW5J9O|5.0|I really enjoyed this book, was well written and kept me interested all the way through, A great history as well as story told very well.
B009NY43NY|5.0|I have read all of the reviews that were negative about the book but I respectfully disagree. The story was solid and Charmaine tied up allot of the loose ends. I think Sookie ended up with the one person she can have the future she truly wants with. A great ending to a wonderful series! I'll miss Sookie, Eric, Bill and Pam.
B00B23O96A|5.0|This is one great album. A must have if you like Clapton. I thought it might have only one or two good songs on it and I'm glad I was wrong. The whole album is just nice to listen to. Every one that I've played it for has really liked it.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|not only is this a free app, it actually is what it says it is.<br />has unique and fun games. yes you have to unlock games by earning credits, but that's what keeps it interesting. it gives you the feeling of accomplishment.
0060730552|4.0|This is a book that shows how the will to live is stronger than everything else. Even when everything seems completely hopeless, there is still this thin string of hope that can expand into a lifeline if we are willing to hold on tightly and not let go. A great read.
B00AKL1XPU|4.0|only wish you didn't have to use social websites to get ahead. otherwise it&rsquo;s a lot of fun to play.
B00BFUUMO8|4.0|Great action and interaction in this game. Low cost also, which I appreciate. All dinos sound like they did in the movie.
B006LSZECO|5.0|i enjoyed all the twists and turns from the start. I had a hard time putting it down.  You will surely enjoy this book.
B00030DEQE|5.0|is a very good the boxes arrived in perfect condition, this product filled my expectations thanks  for  everything for me is 5
B00005JKG9|5.0|script was average, but all star cast and all actors handled the film very well. I love this movie and I will watch again and again.
B006CHML4I|2.0|I thought I was going to really like this watch.  Seiko is a very good designer and usually insists on using the best materials in his watches.  However, this one looked like the unsophisticated timepiece it is.  Problems with the day/date function really put me off.  I feel that if you are going to try that you really should know the methods of having a watch perform day/date functions.  However, this one looked like  the unsophisticated timepiece it is.  Problems with the day/date function really put me off.  This poor watchband was an amalgam of canvas and lots of other things.  Well, maybe not too many others...And then there is the mechanical wind works.  It simply didn't work.  I think I got one of the bad bad ones.  I refuse to by a watch-winder.  Well, I still believe in Seiko's designs, this one just didn't make it.  I really can't wait for the next.  This one was priced appropriately,
0307474259|5.0|This is probably one of the most important books I have read in my life.  For someone who has struggled with his weight his entire life, the practical information in this book has been worth more than all the other advice I have ever received.  I was surprised to discover how much modern thought about weight loss is totally wrong from a practical point of view.  As an engineer, I had always accepted the most common weight loss advice that centers around the thermodynamic model (Calories in vs. Calories used), since it always seemed so firmly rooted in basic science.  Mr. Taubes makes a well researched case as to why that model is far to simplistic and there is way more to a person's weight than just their self control when it comes to how much they eat.
B00C7TAF3Y|5.0|This was a great game. I wish there more games out there like this one! I will be looking forward to the next!
B00COGZ8FU|5.0|A shorter Reacher is fine, hey it's Tom Cruise. He pulled together an awesome thrilling smart Reacher movie. I hope he does another! He did the charactor just great.
B00BJ9VBLI|5.0|I really enjoyed the free app for this game. Idecided to buy the full verison just to keep playing. Graphics are very good. I have had no problems with the game.
B00AOCZOLO|5.0|I LOVE this show!!! I have Season 1 and I watch it over and over! I have watched Season 2 on TV EVERY Tuesday night!!<br />I haven't missed an episode and I can't wait for it to come out on DVD so I can watch without commercials!!
B007SGM084|5.0|I'm 22 and in complete aww with this trilogy. I read it three times and each time it just gets better. I can admit she made some of my wildest dreams really, I've dreamt I was Ana before I knew of the series some of what I want is in this series. Ugh like I said I'm in aww and it is a page tuner. A must read.
B0091REZMW|4.0|Just level up or wait for more energy. Not a huge deal. Fun item search game to pass the time.
B00AEFY3DQ|5.0|To avoid confusion over Amazon's habit of lumping all reviews, this is about the Blu Ray Edition. When this movie came out I remember being a bit skeptical as it seemed to be a 'spoof' movie on Star Trek. But it was only loosely so and I remember going a couple of times because it had so much depth to it. The Blu Ray Edition is terrific in that it looks great and has wonderful special features. I watched all of them before watching the movie and it really made things better! If you are not a Star Trek fan you'll still 'get' this movie. It definitely stands alone in it's class. This is the kind of movie you can watch a couple of times a year and still enjoy.
B00AIUUXHC|5.0|I can't stop playing this game! I hope to download more games from this developer. This easily gets a five star rating from me.
159514188X|1.0|SPOILER ALERT (although I prefer to think of it as reasons for you to not to even bother reading this terrible book.)<br /><br />I won't review the entire plot, since so many have done that in other reviews.  Rather, I'll just start off with the unrealistic and poorly thought-out details that screamed at me during my reading of this supposedly marvelous book.<br /><br />The day before Hannah commits suicide - likely several days after having started recording her twisted, sadistic set of audio tapes - she supposedly finally got around to considering how to actually go through with her suicide - by taking pills.  She first discarded other options, especially the idea of hanging herself, as she FINALLY acknowledged HER POOR PARENTS' potential future horror: \\"I could never get beyond the visual of someone finding me - swinging - inches from the floor.  I couldn't do that to Mom and Dad.\\"<br /><br />REALLY!!!!!!????  She just couldn't do THAT to mom and dad!  As if finding their only child dead from any other self-inflicted method would be oh-so-much-less terrible!  She then seemed to quickly decide to kill herself with an overdose of unidentified \\"pills\\" because she said it would be the least painful for her.  As if the prospect of enduring physical pain had ever appeared as something she was intent on avoiding in prior pages - a pesky detail the author chose to ignore.  She said, \\"So I've decided on the least painful way possible.  Pills.\\"  \\"But what kind of pills?  And how many?  I'm not sure.  And I don't have much time to figure it out because tomorrow...I'm going to do it.\\"  \\"I won't be around anymore...tomorrow.\\"<br /><br />\\"Tomorrow I'm getting up, I'm getting dressed, and I'm walking to the post office.  There, I'll mail a bunch of tapes to Justin Foley.  And after that, there's no turning back.\\"<br /><br />Such overplayed and poorly thought-out drama!  It was so improbable and seemed so thrown-together at the last minute!  Who did Hannah know who had the typeof pills capable of killing her for certain?  No such person was identified in the book previously.  Did she know that this dangerous drug-possessing person in her life left their medication unsecured, so anyone could just help themselves to the pills?  And, wouldn't they have noticed a that much of their presumably necessary medication was MISSING in time to raise an alarm?<br /><br />And, while I'm ripping the method of suicide chosen by this author; why Hannah (and, apparently Mr. Asher!) believed that taking a deadly overdose of \\"pills\\" would be not be painful is never even adressed!  For those suicidal teens who, after reading this book, may now actually believe Hannah's stupid assumption, general symptoms of a drug overdose may include some horribly painful consequences, including:<br /><br />Nausea<br />Vomiting<br />Abdominal cramps<br />Diarrhea<br />Dizziness<br />Loss of balance<br />Seizures<br />Headaches<br />Drowsiness<br />Confusion<br />Breathing difficulties<br />Internal bleeding<br />Hallucination<br />Visual disturbances<br />Coma - You might not succeed, and then you will have to live the rest of your life dealing with any damage you were able to inflict on your body.<br /><br />This critical detail of how to get whatever drug she planned to overdose with is just glossed over, as if the author had satisfied the minimum number of pages he needed to write and quickly wanted to wrap the story up, however untidily.  It was clear that the most important aspect of Hannah's suicide, in her mind, was the tapes - she spent a tremendous amount effort and creativity, and even seemed to enjoy planning every detail of the post-mortem method of tormenting those she left behind!  The method of her demise was treated as a relatively minor detail she breezily worked through after the tapes were pretty much finished and ready to mail off the following morning!  I suspect that such an important detail would be less of an after-thought for anyone truly planning their suicide.  I suspect it would take a lot more time and effort to obtain a sufficient quantity of pills capable of causing a deadly overdose without drawing the attention of anyone to her plan than the character Hannah gave herself.<br /><br />And, what about the kid in charge of her fail-safe?!  Are we really to believe that he was able to listen to all the tapes (fast-forwarding through them to make sure he wasn't on them) in less time than everyone else, so he KNEW she was planning to kill herself and that he would NOT have told an adult exactly what she had said on the tapes?  He was old enough to know better!  He would have called 911 and gotten everyone all worked up, even if she HAD already managed to take the pills.  If he had, it is very possible she would have been found in time to prevent her death.  It is just impossible that he would instead keep quiet, and then tail all the people who were sent the first set of tapes to ensure they kept mailing them on to the next person.  Why in the world would he do THAT instead of moving heaven and earth to try to make sure she was found before it was too late?  The only reasonable answer is that he would not do that.<br /><br />And, what about the guidance counselor?  Given the conversation he had just had with their daughter, a school counselor would have contacted the parents after the subject of suicide was so clearly a central topic in his conversation with their child!  If not, he would have to be a complete moron, who would very shortly thereafter lose his job for negligence!  (Conversations in \\"confidence\\" between a school employee and a minor are NOT iron-clad, especially regarding the topic of possible suicide!  Counselors touch base with parents for much less serious issues!)<br /><br />The thing that gets me the most, however, is Hannah's almost complete disregard of or concern for her parents.  We are supposed to believe that Hannah, who seemed really to have very little against her parents the few times that they were mentioned in the book, and who for a moment couldn't tolerate the sad thought of them finding her twisting dead at the end of a rope, didn't give THEM a chance to help her NOT kill herself?  Why the hell not?!  Why didn't they get a tape?  Why are they left wondering what they did wrong or what they missed, for the rest of their miserable lives?<br /><br />The reader is asked to believe they are SO out of touch with their daughter, due to distractions with their financial situation and struggling business, that they don't notice something is terribly wrong in the life of their only child!  Early in the book, Hannah confessed that her mom asked her about a boy who had called her at home - something a mother who notices and cares about what is going on in her pretty, young daughter's life would do!  I find it hard to believe that the otherwise responsible and intelligent-seeming parents of a teen going through all Hannah endured would be so completely oblivious.<br /><br />I can't understand why so many people proclaim this an important book regarding the topic of suicide!  The story is chock full of holes; there are so many places where responsible people would have interfered with Hannah's path to suicide.  I think this book is potentially dangerous, since it is such a popular read with teens right now.  It could just as likely inspire a struggling kid to decide to go ahead and commit suicide as it could possibly help another kid decide to ask for help in more realistic ways than the Hannah in this book did.<br /><br />The reason I happened to read this book is because my daughter snuck it into a small stack of paperbacks when we were last at a local bookstore, and I bought it without noticing.  When we got home, I told her I was not happy that she didn't ask me if she could have this book, and told her it was not ok to sneak purchases past me.  Rather than return it, I decided to read it first, figuring that if she wanted to read it, she'd just borrow it from a friend, so I might as well preview it.  After I finished it, I asked her to please not read it, and told her I thought it was a very poorly written book.  I also said I hoped she'd consider my opinion and read it with a very critical eye if she chose to read it anyway.  At best, it is a cheap tear-jerker.  In my opinion, it is not even close to an \\"important\\" book.  The topic of suicide is too serious to be so poorly researched and represented.
B003XF1XOQ|2.0|after reading the first two books of the hunger games, I thought this one was not as good.  I found it hard to picture some of the scenes.
B005FVFWOI|5.0|Solid performance - a true quality album, where all tracks can be played through without playing a dud.  Ian's a musical genuis.
B009NY43NY|5.0|I was so disappointed to see all the 1 star reviews before I bought this. However, having loved the series up until this point, and reading it multiple times, I decided to buy it.<br /><br />I loved it! I don't know what other readers were expecting, but for me, this tidied up all the story lines nicely and left me smiling. It was a satisfying finale and I am eagerly looking forward  to the follow up book in October.
193700788X|1.0|[--------------** Spoilers **----------------------------]<br /><br />Dead Ever after.. well, where to start? The writing is very poor, if Ms Harris has an editor then she/he wants firing and a new one hiring very quickly.<br /><br />The plot is leaden and slow moving with a LOT of unnecessary detail about the main characters life, the murder mystery is predictable and pedestrian, enemies old and new drop dead at every turn and every plot line is briskly resolved regardless of whether the reader cared about it or not.<br /><br />There are, however, many other problems, for instance, all the characters are out of, and act out of character, it made my head revolve it was so bad. Since when has Sookie ever sworn like that?<br /><br />A story arc that had been happily bubbling for 12 books, yes, 12 books, was brutally dispensed with in six pages, as was a major character. The major character is not treated well in this book, he is dispatched to be the sex slave of a randy vampire Queen for no good reason that I could see other than to get rid of him. The author has publically said that she dislikes him and boy does it show. In fact I got the distinct feeling that Ms Harris dislikes all her characters a lot and is sick of the series.<br /><br />The heroine, Sookie Stackhouse, has been set up as vampire bait as she is part fae (fairy) and telepathic to boot, a handy skill to have you'd think and one that you would make the most of perhaps. In previous books she has proved very useful to the supernatural population. Anyway, with the main protagonist dismissed and her protection gone you would think that every supernatural being in the 52 states will be after her, nope, she is left with a relatively young vampire bodyguard to look after her for a year. So if the King/Queen/Sheriff of the state rocks up and tries to claim her then the young vamp will defy all conventions and see them off - this does not happen and has not happened - in this universe vampires are fiercely feudal and obey their elders and Makers.<br /><br />The heroine, again out of character, decides she is madly in love with someone who she has had at best lukewarm feelings for over the series. She is going to settle down with him, continue with her mundane life and job in a small town that hasn't been kind to her and have kids and a white picket fence.<br /><br />Which brings me to the blood-bond, which was dispensed with quick-smart in an earlier book, yet a bond with another character through yet another plot device is fine.<br /><br />Oh, and Ms Harris decided that after 12 books of Sookie Stackhouse being able to read shifter minds she now can't and can only feel emotions from them.<br /><br />Meanwhile the vampire that tried to rape Sookie and feed off her earlier in the series is living in the house across the way and they are great friends. Sookie even considers revenge sex with him, I'm sorry what?<br /><br />Speaking of which Ms harris has also written the most excrutiatingly bad sex scene of all time in this book, two words; seal sex.<br /><br />Ms Harris has stated publically that the readers have been reading the series wrong and it was not intended to be a paranormal romance and she had the ending in mind since book two, which is her prerogative of course, it irks me though that in this book she has totally borked her canon, ruined her characters and left us, the reader with a sour taste in our mouths. I can't say that I will never buy anything Ms Harris writes again, as others have said, but I will certainly not go out of my way to read her work.dal and obey their elders and Makers.<br /><br />The heroine, again out of character, decides she is madly in love with someone who she has had at best lukewarm feelings for over the series. She is going to settle down with him, continue with her mundane life and job in a small town that hasn't been kind to her and have kids and a white picket fence.<br /><br />Which brings me to the blood-bond, which was dispensed with quick-smart in an earlier book, yet a bond with another character through yet another plot device is fine.<br /><br />Oh, and Ms Harris decided that after 12 books of Sookie Stackhouse being able to read shifter minds she now can't and can only feel emotions from them.<br /><br />Meanwhile the vampire that tried to rape Sookie and feed off her earlier in the series is living in the house across the way and they are great friends. Sookie even considers revenge sex with him, I'm sorry what?<br /><br />Speaking of which Ms harris has also written the most excrutiatingly bad sex scene of all time in this book, two words; seal sex.<br /><br />Ms Harris has stated publically that the readers have been reading the series wrong and it was not intended to be a paranormal romance and she had the ending in mind since book two, which is her prerogative of course, it irks me though that in this book she has totally borked her canon, ruined her characters and left us, the reader with a sour taste in our mouths. I can't say that I will never buy anything Ms Harris writes again, as others have said, but I will certainly not go out of my way to read her work.
B007FEFLTO|5.0|Although it was long, I enjoyed reading it. I was familiar with most of the history but enjoyed reading from the human aspect and how the war affected them personally.
B0079IEPHA|4.0|I bought this item as a gift for my dad and he likes it a lot, he loves the show. DVD was packaged very well.
B004DI7HZ6|5.0|Great character development, loved it all! Took me a while to get into the story, but once I did, I couldn't put it down!
B009KS4XRO|5.0|I love this game.  Wish it hadall of the same features as on the computer but I am very glad it became available. On kindle and iphone.  Thank you..
0385349831|4.0|It is the year 1099 and Crusaders have surrounded Jerusalem with the threat of invading the city. The townsfolk have gathered in the middle of the city and are receiving counsel from a learned man, a Greek, referred to as the Copt throughout the book.<br /><br />Most of the Copt's teaching and his words are mixed and slightly altered lines from other scriptures and texts in the world, although no credits are given.<br /><br />The entire book consists of questions from the people of the town and Copt's answers to them, with each question and answer constituting a chapter. Questions cover many topics such as solitude, love, sex, fear of change, anxiety, duty, defeat etc., and each one can easily be considered a sermon.<br /><br />As such, the answers to the questions are profound, but the Copt comes out as someone with self-importance like some prophet, although I don't think any real prophet would take himself as seriously.<br /><br />This book, however, has its basis in philosophy and advice on how to live; therefore, it wouldn't be fair to ask from it the requirements for fiction.<br /><br />This type of Book is good for taking out quotes from it and reading each chapter to muse on the concepts as if reading a piece of scripture. The ideas inside are profound and they do encourage a higher understanding of living, but if you are expecting another novel from Coelho like that of the Chemist or The Witch of Portobello, you won't find it in this book.<br /><br />I, however, enjoyed it greatly and found myself agreeing with the insights in the book.
B009EEFTMC|5.0|Great puzzle game that is both highly and strangely addictive. You will get obsessed with beating your puzzle mode times.
B009IEXKXI|5.0|Seat of the pants thriller to the end. Hero is a fantastically creative engineer and able to jury rig his supplies to enable him to survive.
1449437524|5.0|Inman delivers the wry style of wit and potty humor he's become renowned for on The Oatmeal dot com in this love letter to his current (and former) best furry beast friends. If you are a dog person with a sense of humor, you will certainly identify with and love this book.
B000SGGUWS|5.0|I like the tv show better but it was still I really good book I'm going to read all of the other.
B001RHPJBU|4.0|If you are a fan of Phil Collins' popular hits, this is a great compilation of his most popular songs.
B00A8ECU24|5.0|i have been playing this game since December &amp; i still play it everyday.<br />it is a very cute game &amp; anyone who likes mlp at all will love it. it stays true to the series &amp; has a very positive tone. it's basically a town building game - but to me feels different (and more fun) than any others I've played!<br /><br />the biggest complaint i hear about this game is the in-game purchases. i wish there were other ways to get some of the items too - but i don't let it discourage me. i understand that alot goes in to making a game like this &amp; since it is a FREE app - they gotta make their money somehow.<br />it is also ones personal choice. no one is forcing you to spend money. if you don't want to spend $ on it then don't! it is still a cute &amp; fun game regardless. i personally chose to spend a little on some gems one time when they went on sale for 50% off. but again, it was my own choice to do that.<br /><br />i love the game. its the only game i still play every single day. it is a hobby/entertainment to me - so i don't mind spending a little bit on it. to me its no different than spending money on renting movies, buying video games, or any other form of entertainment. and unless you're someone who feels the need to finish the game as fast as possible - which i have never understood - you don't need to spend THAT much. especially if you only spend during sales!<br /><br />i personally like having a game that i play long term. there have been 3 good updates since ive been playing - keeping things fun &amp; new! there was a &quot;hearts &amp; hooves day&quot; (valentines day) update in Feb. a &quot;winter wrap up&quot; (st. Patrick's day) update in March. and then in April, a Canterlot update. each update gives you new ponies, decor, shops, etc. to choose from - along with new quests! all relating to the theme of the update. *i.e.- with the valentines update , one of new ponies in the shop was &quot;Lovestruck&quot; &amp; with the st. pattys day update, one of the new ponies was &quot;Lucky Clover&quot;!<br />but with the Canterlot update, you not only got the new ponies, decor &amp; shops - but a whole new town to work on!!! :) it makes the game feel new again - and keeps it FUN!<br /><br />i hope they keep up with the updates in the future - i love the game - and kinda never want it to end!<br /><br />its a free app. - just try it!
B00AJAFNIA|5.0|This game has a simple premise, but is definitely challenging.  I'm nowhere close to finishing it...my adorable little planet keeps getting eaten by that pesky Crab Nebula...but that won't stop me from wasting more of my valuable time in the attempt.  Great little time killer!
B003TSEL7S|5.0|In the mark of Athena I hope no one better die if I will die<br /><br />Rick riordan is awesome man
B0089LOG02|4.0|Note: I received this book for free through SheReads.org in exchange for a fair and honest review as part of a blogger network.<br />I'm pleased to share that I have joined the SheReads blogger network, thanks to Traveling With T, who I'm fairly certain secured my invitation after the last Bloggiesta. After reading my first book for the club, I am even more excited than I was going into it!<br />May's pick was Orphan Train by Christina Baker Kline, which weaves the stories of a troubled 17 year old foster kid, Molly, and Vivian, an elderly woman with a troubled past. The book hits with the ground running, and once I started reading I couldn't put it down and read until I feel asleep and picked it up again before I was out of bed the next morning.<br />Molly, who has gotten herself into a bit of trouble, is sentenced to 50 hours of community service or will be sent to a juvenile detention facility. With the help of her boyfriend, Jack, she secures a place to contribute her time - which turns out to be helping Vivian clean out her attic. Vivian, an orphan train survivor living alone in a massive Maine house on the ocean, has worked hard to leave her past behind her and to move forward. But the ghosts of those that played an important part in her life remain wither her and leaving the past behind proves difficult.<br /><br />The book bounces back and forth to the early 1930′s to 2011, but most of the story takes place during Vivian's childhood rather than Molly's. The writing styles reflect the decades, so Vivian's is a bit more formal than Molly's, but Molly's story is the glue that holds it together. The story begins with Vivian's placement on an orphan train in NYC and follows her through to adulthood in Minnesota, with most of the emphasis being placed on the first twenty-five years of her life. Rather than tossing the items from the attic in the trash, the two wayward souls take stroll down memory lane, with each box they uncover opening a door to Vivian's past,and forging a friendship between the two that no one else understands. Together, Vivian and Molly face the past and tackle the future.<br />By the end of the book, I had experienced an entire range of emotions that included horror, sorrow, glee, and satisfaction (some simultaneously). Not only is this book impossible to put down, but this actually happened in the United States (see video below). A forgotten chapter of history, this is the first time I have read a book that focuses on the orphan trains and the 200,000 children that were transported to homes across the midwest. Vivian's tale highlights the ups and downs of the trek, as well as some of the situations that children were placed in - both the lucky and unlucky ones. I will definitely be looking into some non-fiction books about the orphan trains and I fully expect to experience a wide range of emotions.<br />In sum, READ THIS BOOK. And if you click here and leave a comment, you'll be entered to win a copy for FREE!<br />Oh, and check out the other SheReads reviews!
B0091REZMW|4.0|Gets much more complicated/convoluted than appears initially. Wish I had realized earlier on how many tasks would be dependent on others before and distributed wealth with more strategy...
B0079XNWQA|5.0|Great album.  Has my new favorite song on it, Living in the Moment. This album is really worth a listen, especially if you liked his previous works.
B00A3XQVKW|5.0|Eadie is so forthright and honest in the telling of her near death experience.  Her description of &#34;the other side&#34; and her encounters while there filled my soul with peace and comfort knowing that my loved ones who have passed over are in such a wonderful place, surrounded by the all encompassing love of our Creator.  I would definitely recommend this book to others who need to be reminded of what we have to look forward to.
1476734941|5.0|10 lbs. in 4 weeks; 20 lbs. more to go.  My plan is to use this as a lifestyle.  Nuff said.
B007PFD90G|4.0|A great read. I particularly liked the passages defending freedom of speech. I also admired Rushdie's beautiful self-restraint in the face of one of the most intellectually oppressive movements in our times. Honesty is another salient trait of this special autobiography.<br /><br />I found the mentioning of too many friends, places and acquaintances' names daunting and distracting. The book could have been much shorter.<br /><br />I recommend this book to all Rushdie fans and anyone who is engaged in the fight for freedom. It is a tale of courage and hope. It was about time that Rushdie speaks of what it all was like. We have heard enough author vilification through the years.
193700788X|1.0|**SPOILER ALERT**<br />Not only have I been an avid fan of this series, but as a librarian, I introduced countless others to Sookie's world.  Although I agree with many readers that the last few books were a bit disjointed, at least the main characters stayed true to their personalities. I purchased this book even after reading the horrid reviews.  I had hoped that those reviews were written by people disgruntled with the fact that Sookie's HEA was Sam instead of Eric.  Sadly, after getting halfway through the book, I simply cannot read another page.  Like others, I re-read the entire series in preparation for DEA.  The characters that I have known and loved are simply gone in this final installment.  I've overlooked convoluted and implausible plots because the characters were so engaging.  Not one major character in this book is recognizable, and I cannot begin to empathize with any of them.  Gone is the Sookie we've all come to know and love.  In her stead is a rude, foul-mouthed, unsympathetic brat with none of the grace and emotional depth that she's had in every other book before this one. The other characters are bizarrely flat and also without any of the emotional depth they've had in every other book. The convoluted and implausible story lines we've dealt with in the last few books are even worse in this one.  Without the dynamic characters to keep me interested, I can't even finish reading it.  Had the first book in the series starred \\"people\\" with as few redeeming qualities as are featured here, I would never had moved on to a second book.
B008ZOHCKE|5.0|I downloaded this first on my fire and  because I like to write. I rate this five stars cud it runs smoothly.
B004GXZ69W|5.0|the doctor recommended me to buy the voluent because a patient told him about it.  the mouse is helping me eliminate the pain that was experienced by me by my other mouse.
0375869026|5.0|Many other reviewers have articulated what makes this such an outstanding book, so I will just add a couple of observations about the author's insightful knowledge of her subjects.<br />First, the bully. He's not just mean-spirited - he's smart and, like many bullies, he uses his intelligence to subversively harm a classmate while pulling some \\"nice kid\\" wool over the adults' eyes. This makes for a much more interesting and realistic story than if the bully was a blatant hallway ruffian.<br />Second, the multiple narrators. While I agree with the reviewer who misses Augie's voice, the various narrators are mirrors, showing us point-blank how others perceive Augie and how he effects their lives. The author understands that, for middle school kids - especially Augie, how you're perceived is a major concern because it essentially defines who you are.<br />I highly recommend this book to YA readers and adults alike.
1616550414|5.0|I got this book for my son. He loves to play the games and also loves to read anything about them as well. A great gift idea for any fan. He loves it!
B00B1EEKM8|4.0|Although the concepts and general framework of this story are faithfully lifted from the Crichton-penned source material, in action it's got Steven Spielberg's fingerprints all over it. That isn't a negative, really, as the director was still clearly in his prime, but it does fit quite snugly next to the other family-friendly adventure flicks in his portfolio in that it's big and intense without going so far over-the-top as to scare the kiddos. Of course, at the time the real star here was the film's fantastic effects work - it was CGI's coming out party, after all - and that aspect has aged surprisingly well over the past two decades. Sure, if we look closely a few seams might show here or there, but the raptors remain unsettlingly vivid and our first glimpses of a grazing brachiosaurus remain nothing short of stunning. Some excellent casting decisions enrich the whole package (Jeff Goldblum is pitch-perfect as the muttering, brainy Ian Malcolm) and there are plenty of character moments scattered about to flesh out the more extravagant action sets.
B009UX2YAC|5.0|subway surfers is the best game ever it kicks but temple run is a good game but between subway sufers it will blow temple run litterly out of the water lololollollololoolool ahhahahahahahahahahahahah funny but still get subway surfer it gives u AWSOME PRIZES!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and one more thing get this game if u are not a hater/LOSER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B005HJWWW8|4.0|Provides very good amplification for my Visio TV without much distortion.  The default limit on volume is not sufficient for my weak hearing without amplification, and this unit makes it possible for me to watch TV late at night without disturbing anyone.
3836501899|4.0|wonderful book at a great value. Gave it to my friend as a gift and loved it! Highly recommend, plus it's Taschen!
193700788X|1.0|CH's entitled to write how she wants....... and We're entitled to tell her what we think about her writing and decide where to spend our $$.  If I go into a restaurant and order filet mignon and get served strip steak, do you not think I'm going to have words for the chef/manager/waitress?  Do you not think I'm not going to pay for said strip steak?  Do you not think I'm going to tell everyone and their brother about what happened?  While I don't condone death threats on her person, death threats against her pocketbook and her writing are fair game.  She put it out there for purchase and should expect feedback on it, both good and bad.  We are all not sycophantic Yes men.<br /><br />****************** Possible Spoilers *******************<br />Am I an Eric Lover? Yes.  But I knew after DITF that it wasn't going to happen.  I kept waiting for REAL clues as to where CH would take this.  Possibilities I thought would: 1) Sookie Alone 2) Sookie really dead (and maybe meeting Gran in the Summerlands to end it) 3) Jason dying and Sookie running off to Fae all heart broken. 4) Someone turning her, not necessarily Eric (longshot as CH has always said no) 5) Actual build up to a logical suitor.  None of this happened; esp. not the last.  While I'm not totally against her being with Sam, there was no logical build up to this pairing.  And we won't even discuss seal sex....ewwww &lt;shivers><br /><br />There were so many inconsistencies in this book, it is impossible to ignore them all.  Missing little things like names or something I can see, but these are going totally against the world rules she created.  Here's a few gleaned from reading and conversations with friends.<br /><br />1.  After 12 books of having it said repeatedly by Sookie that Sam is ONLY her friend/boss/older brother type, she all of a sudden finds herself in love with him?<br /><br />2. After `making love' for the first time, Sookie's internal monologue muses if this was only so great because of the magic of the cluviel dor and that she really doesn't care nor does it matter. Excuse me? This coming from the woman who spent several BOOKS upset and fighting the bond between her and Eric because she believed it was only the magic of the bond that caused their love for each other. It annoyed her so greatly that she had the bond broken and discovered that she did in fact love Eric, `all on her own'.<br /><br />3. It was also stated repeatedly throughout the series that Sookie believed she would never be able to be with a non-vampire due to her telepathy. While shifters and Were's were more difficult to read, they weren't impossible. This had caused such an issue for her that she was still a virgin until vampires came along. Suddenly, in this last book, it's stated she only reads their emotions, going directly against everything CH had stated in her books up to this point.<br /><br />4. Sookie did not want children as she was afraid of passing along her telepathy. Actually, she wanted children, she just decided to not have any due to the reason stated. Now she's supposedly running off into the sunset with someone to have children with and while improbable, it's still a possibility her children, or at least her oldest child, will be a shifter...... another `curse' she didn't want to spring on her children.<br /><br />5. In a previous book, Sookie asked the question if her telepathy could be removed and was told that it could not. Removing it would be like removing a vital organ. All of a sudden, Niall offers to remove it for her so she might be able to lead a normal life? Again, NOT what was previously established?<br />One example:  11.17<br />\\"Can I use it to take away the telepathy?\\"<br />\\"No, my dear, it would be like wishing away your spleen or your kidneys. But an interesting thought.\\"<br />So I couldn't help Hunter with it. Or myself, either. Damn.<br /><br />6. Eric is a 1000 year old Viking vampire. He's supposedly quite scary and strong. This glorious man was tortured for the first years of his vampire years by his vampire master and finally earned his freedom, siring his own children he `raised in love', building his businesses etc. Now however, he has been banned from his children, his businesses, his love and his life, and is essentially being forced into roll of arm candy, enforcer, and sex slave for 200 years.<br /><br />7. Sookie was raped by Bill. There's no pretty way to put it really. Bill. Raped. Sookie. And how did the author handle this? Sookie and Bill kiss, Sookie ponders how nice it is, they become buddies and she asks advice of him! I know many victims of sexual crimes and this one point alone sickens them.<br /><br />8. This series has the word Dead in every title, a nod to the vampires contained within. By the end, they are simply filler and no growth is achieved for any of them<br /><br />9. People are blaming TB for the love affair with Eric.  Sorry, but we were already in love with the idea of Eric before TB came out in summer of '07.  There were already 7 books under CH's belt by this point.  I'm willing to admit that I would have been willing to keep reading if Sam was front-runner.....IF she would have actually written it that way.<br /><br />10. Does anyone REALLY buy that Creepy Felipe is going to leave Sookie alone?  This is one of the main reasons I feel he didn't help stop the slavery of Eric to Freyda.  And even if you take FdC out of the picture, WAYYYYY too many know about Sookie esp. after Rhodes.  What's to truly stop some other state from grabbing her?  Or an outside vamp from making her a sippy cup (or Hunter for that matter or however many puppies she has with Sam?)  Karin's watching is only one year.  An outside pack of werewolves or gaggle of vampires could easily swoop in and grab her.  Sam wouldn't be able to stop them.<br /><br />So there are my thoughts on why I gave this 1 star.d for the first years of his vampire years by his vampire master and finally earned his freedom, siring his own children he `raised in love', building his businesses etc. Now however, he has been banned from his children, his businesses, his love and his life, and is essentially being forced into roll of arm candy, enforcer, and sex slave for 200 years.<br /><br />7. Sookie was raped by Bill. There's no pretty way to put it really. Bill. Raped. Sookie. And how did the author handle this? Sookie and Bill kiss, Sookie ponders how nice it is, they become buddies and she asks advice of him! I know many victims of sexual crimes and this one point alone sickens them.<br /><br />8. This series has the word Dead in every title, a nod to the vampires contained within. By the end, they are simply filler and no growth is achieved for any of them<br /><br />9. People are blaming TB for the love affair with Eric.  Sorry, but we were already in love with the idea of Eric before TB came out in summer of '07.  There were already 7 books under CH's belt by this point.  I'm willing to admit that I would have been willing to keep reading if Sam was front-runner.....IF she would have actually written it that way.<br /><br />10. Does anyone REALLY buy that Creepy Felipe is going to leave Sookie alone?  This is one of the main reasons I feel he didn't help stop the slavery of Eric to Freyda.  And even if you take FdC out of the picture, WAYYYYY too many know about Sookie esp. after Rhodes.  What's to truly stop some other state from grabbing her?  Or an outside vamp from making her a sippy cup (or Hunter for that matter or however many puppies she has with Sam?)  Karin's watching is only one year.  An outside pack of werewolves or gaggle of vampires could easily swoop in and grab her.  Sam wouldn't be able to stop them.<br /><br />So there are my thoughts on why I gave this 1 star.
B003JTHXOK|5.0|This  book  was simply amazing. You get a little of everything, love, romance, insanity, and the will to stay alive! A book you aren't going to want to put down. Hold onto you're hats folks, we have got a bestseller on our  hands!
B00ABA1OP4|5.0|Excellent collection! A must own for any RAMMSTEIN fan. The video quality is excellent and the sound is superb. The package design is very high quality. Highly recommend.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I really liked the book. It had all the elements of a good book. Can't wait to read the second book!
B00A8SPNYW|4.0|This game is super cute and fun to play and it's challenging. The graphics are nice and this is a pretty unique game.
078324228X|5.0|My bargain-rack movie for last might was \\"The Hurricane\\" starring Denzel Washington. I found it in the five-dollar bins at Wal-Mart. It was well worth the price. Excellent movie.<br /><br />The story is with regard to boxer Reuben \\"The Hurricane\\" Carter, and I can remember the story as it unfolded in the news. It was one of those big (actually, huge) sports scandals in a field known for it's crookedness. Supposedly, this is the true story, but modified somewhat to make it suitable for a movie and I have no way to judge the veracity.  I also have no particular interest in boxing, I might add. The story, as presented, certainly makes for a good tense and emotional movie. Cater had risen from nowhere to become a boxing champion and then was suddenly jailed, tried twice with appeals and sentenced to life imprisonment for a couple night-club murders. He adamantly claimed that he was innocent, but ended up serving over 20 years in a dreary prison until he was finally proved innocent and released. Of course, he not only had a miserable and unjustified 20 years of imprisonment, but totally lost the career of a gifted fighter. And for what? For people who were motivated to lie on the witness stand for hate and racial prejudice.<br /><br />\\"The Hurricane\\" is a gripping story and well told. It'll grab and hold your attention and give a few big tugs at your emotional strings. The movie is well done. The acting is excellent. The filming is dreary, but that's as intended and it fits the situation. I had a bit of difficulty keeping up with all the posted dates in the beginning (it was necessary, I might add) but once the story got underway it ran smoothly with no major breaks. It was a very realistic movie in that you could feel the grief, anxiety and tension and, yes, the emotional release at the end. Well done! Five Stars!<br /><br />Gary Peterson
B004SOR4H6|3.0|Im not sure if this was a matter of settings or what but I didn't like that the time or the tweet would be displayed as the date instead of specific time like other apps I've used. Also, the refreshing of tweets was not very effective. I would rarely see tweets from a few minutes ago, mostly the day/hour prior which was pretty annoying.<br />The is aesthetically pleasing though! I thought the setup of it was nice but those were little nuisances.
B004FGMDOQ|5.0|It was just PECULIAR I loved it Was fun to discover things about it and solve a mystery just me and my book<br /><br />P.S. This review was written by my daughter
B00BP4Z8XY|5.0|Its a story that kept my intelligent four-year old twins engaged from beginning to end.  Couple that with the fact that my nieces and nephews from 8 to 13 enjoyed the movie too... and there is no reason not to watch, rent or buy it.
B00846WWVM|1.0|find it extremly frustrating..not a good definition of how the game is played<br />will take it off my apps<br />never again
0307346617|5.0|I'm late to the book, but glad I found it.  This is not about blood, gore or silliness.  This is a story of humanity combating a global plague. The ghouls are simply a backdrop, the story is how different people, cultures, societies and governments handle a crisis of epic, no extinction level proportion.
B00AEBB97S|3.0|This is my favorite Hitchcock film.  It has a great cast, great scenery, great costumes, and a charming story.  But this version (the Special Collector's Edition, 2007) is too dark.  Grace Kelly's sports car looks charcoal gray in the movie, but in the extras it is shown in its true color - a light to medium blue.  This darkness takes something important from the Riviera scenes.  Cary Grant looks like he's been adrift at sea without sun screen.  I read another review that says the 2009 version has better color, but I don't know where Amazon has that one.
B00479SVBU|5.0|I LITERALLY MEAN ZERO INTERFERENCE!<br /><br />This item EXCEEDS my expectations really, first of all, I was resigned to the idea of having to buy an MP3 player AND adapter to pipe tracks thru the fm stereo when my cd player flaked out on me.......<br /><br />I cant tell you how happy I was to stumble onto this soundfly brainchild, first I would have happily paid the same price for the adapter alone if I was totally sure the sound quality and NON EXSITANT interference was a sure thing......in addition to the mp3 HOWEVER SOUNDFLY.........THANKS GUYS YOUR ROCKSTARS :)  took the need for yet another device and expense out of the equation entirley with the introduction of this one magical MEMORY CARD SLOT<br /><br />memory stick slots memory card ports usb ...... BLUE TOOTH......GAWD IM LOVING IT LOL!<br /><br />ok so the device has all those ports, it plugs directly into your lighter/power plug, in the car I needed the device this was not very workable and I do wonder why they didn't opt to add some cord between the relatively small and oitherwise unobtrusive device and the power plug???  I picked up a charger that added an additional power source of this type as well as 2 usb ports for additional devices for an additional VERY WELL SPENT 15$ seriously who doesnt need a charger than can handle more than one cell phone or a GPS or...I got and I LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS ONE: [[ASIN:B003RQBKLC BESTEK usb adapter car cigarette lighter socket car splitter adapter 3 way plug socket usb outlet dc charger power adapter 12V socket 24V dc adapter car charger Ipad Dual USB charger 2.1A MRS152UV]] excellent value and can handle up to 4 devices~))  BaCK to this item -There is also a nifty but seemingly unneccesary remote, but I only used the device for about a week b4 i found a car that insisted i trade up and bring it home w me lol so there may be functions done w the remote easier than fumbling w the device while driving IDK.. It has fw rev...skip search, diff folders, repeat in all honesty I could not really COULD NOT be more impressed with this little jewel,  I can not stress enough to anyone considering this device the COMPLETE ABSENCE OF ANY NOISE BLEED FROM THE FM STATIONS, there is absolutely no static, no bleed no hiccups, its clarity is as crisp as your file, so if there is a flaw in sound quality my bet will be on the quality of the file itself.  This little gadget is a little gem really.........<br /><br />If your shopping for this type of item, you can not, you will not find better quality than offered here by soundfly!<br />GRAB IT~~onesty I could not really COULD NOT be more impressed with this little jewel,  I can not stress enough to anyone considering this device the COMPLETE ABSENCE OF ANY NOISE BLEED FROM THE FM STATIONS, there is absolutely no static, no bleed no hiccups, its clarity is as crisp as your file, so if there is a flaw in sound quality my bet will be on the quality of the file itself.  This little gadget is a little gem really.........<br /><br />If your shopping for this type of item, you can not, you will not find better quality than offered here by soundfly!<br />GRAB IT~~
1400052181|3.0|I'd first like to thank the author for being so dedicated to writing such a wonderful novel, or should I say, tribute to Mrs. Henrietta Lacks. There were so many years of scientific and personal research that she did. It's inspiring to me that Ms. Skoot had the drive to accomplish it.<br />Now, as for the content of the story, I thoughly enjoyed learning about Henrietta and her life. The book was full of facts about HeLa cells, labs, and cancer, but the Soul of this book lies in the story of who Henrietta was and how her life shaped not just the world, but HER family. Most people will never be known to the entire world by the name of their cells or have books written about them, BUT ask their mother, father, children, best friends if any of that matters and I'm sure they will tell you 'No'. The story of how much she meant to her family was more intriguing to me then what her cells have did for Cancer research. Please understand that I recognize how important her unknowing contribution was and still is to medical science, but Henrietta Lacks was far more then substance in a vial. She was a mother, cousin, best friend. I'm so very happy to have learned about her through this book.
B007MDB71O|5.0|Awesome movie. Disney failed to promote it properly. And now we suffer.<br />This movie will definitely go beyond all your expectations.
B005OCFHHK|5.0|Bought this collection to save space on my shelves and to update the movies to bluray.  The HD quality is amazing!!!
B0071XO8RA|5.0|After reading the first chapter, I dare you to be able to stop reading this book! Great story, and a brilliant narration on top!!!
B00BT0ZDF2|5.0|I watched this movie several times in the theater.  I'm so happy it's finally out to view at home!  You catch new things each time you view it.  The message is very deep and the actors do an amazing job at playing multiple characters.  The movie plays well on my kindle fire and my playstation.
B004KZOXJA|3.0|Delirium was interesting enough. The dystopian world created was not really believable and the ideas not fully developed but the idea of a society without love is interesting. The author has not given the reader enough credit - it was like watching a badly made science fiction TV series that hopes it gets enough ratings to drag on for another season. I expected the cliffhanger (soap opera obvious) so at least that was not too disappointing if only mildly irritating.
B00BUCW54Q|4.0|Ex-military investigator Jack Reacher (Cruise) digs deeper into a case involving a trained military sniper who shot five random victims.<br /><br />Cruise plays the role believably enough but I felt something was missing from the film.  I was not familiar with the Reacher character and books that this is based but I really felt that for those like me who didn't know the background, some more character exploration would have really done the story more justice.<br /><br />The movie is entertaining enough and keeps you interested until the end, but the plot seems to have left some good character development, including the villain in the movie, on the cutting room floor.<br /><br />Nevertheless, the movie is good but definitely not Cruise's best, not by his effort in playing the character, but by the lack of development in the character itself.  Unless you are familiar with the books, you would be like me and feeling like I missed out on something.
B001ANSSDC|4.0|Silver Linings Playbook was refreshingly different, written from the protagonist's point of view, who is real and yet so very mentally unstable was insightful, funny, sad and new. Good one.
B008ASLNN2|5.0|Enjoyed this film. Lots of action & interesting characters. It is a movie you will watch more than once. I am watching it again tonight.  :)
B00AJAFNIA|5.0|This game is a fun blast.  I got to play the role of a paper machete moon and whirl across a galaxy of giant, rich, gaseous, or spiraling planets including comets, suns, and black holes, all while chasing a butterfly and avoiding a giant monster space lobster!  WARNING: May contain elements known to cause Crabbiness.
B00932A2MC|5.0|I liked the action in this movie and it gad some good aliens & special effects. Lots of awesome explosions & special effects.
B005SV9X22|4.0|Love Lady Gaga not just for her music but also because of her acceptance of people and how she spreads the love.
B004G6009U|5.0|This was a big hit with my granddaughter, she is three and will wear-out the CD/DVD if possible. nice to have two copies for Mom's house and dad's house. Thanks for the smiles
B002PLALCO|5.0|I saw this video once in a bar and loved it so I just had to have it so I can play it anytime I want.
B00BQ1DBUS|4.0|Rod  gets better  with  age. This is one of his finest works.  Well worth every moment spent listening. He is  a true artest.
B0087JTAKW|4.0|Interesting why some people press on and others want to give up makes you also think about who you spend time with and what you do with your time
0060555661|4.0|Graham writes with a simple and direct style, but makes profound statements on the perils of behavioral finance.  For example, he points out early on that the investor's worst enemy is likely to be himself.  Investors motivated by greed flock to the sexiest, high-risk equities because the potential returns are high.  One does not need to look further than the tech bubble and the proliferation of mortgage backed securities for evidence of emotion-oriented investing.  Graham dispels this notion by advocating for principle-based value investing and intelligent asset allocation between stocks and bonds.<br /><br />The distinction between investing and speculating is useful, especially for people without an academic or professional background in finance.  In Graham's words: \\"An investment operation is one which, upon thorough analysis promises safety of principal and an adequate return.  Operations not meeting these requirements are speculative.\\" He then divides investors into two categories- defensive and aggressive- that profile how much time and risk an individual is willing and able to input into investing.  The book is principally a guide to value investing, or selecting stocks that you believe the market has overpriced.<br /><br />It's easy to understand the intention behind adding Jason Zweig's commentary--the idea was to provide contemporary context for an outdated book.  However, Zweig's writing detracts from the original message more than it adds value.  Graham's insights are clear enough to be understood and applied to modern financial markets by any reasonable, sensible person.  From a reader's perspective, it would have been convenient for Zweig's comments to be published in a separate book or after Graham's writing.  Transitioning between two vastly different writing styles and time periods was a challenge to the extent it prevented a 5 star rating.<br /><br />After reading other reviewers wish they would have known about the Intelligent Investor years ago,I recommend buying the text for a high school and college aged students.  If the material is initially over their head, there are resources such as Investopedia and the Economist to provide clarification and explanation on specific terms and concepts.  Investing money at a young age is wise because compound interest magnifies your returns and the market trends upwards over time.  Investing money at a young age is foolish because you don't have the expertise or knowledge that a seasoned investor brings to the table.  That's why young people should read as much as they can before jumping into the markets.  At 20 years of age, I have taken a plethora of finance and accounting courses at a highly regarded business school and managed my IRA account and stock portfolio, but I recognize there is still much to learn.  The next challenge awaiting me is Graham's seminal book \\"Security Analysis\\".
B004UJTG6Q|5.0|A classic, Tom Sawyer is always a good read and in my opinion, a must read for boys and girls men and women of all ages. This story is timeless and I won't go into the details of the book but instead encourage you to read all of Tom' s adventures and mishaps for yourself. I was able to  \\"buy\\" the book for free for my kindle fire so there is no excuse to not download and read  Tom's. story today
B008JGSM6G|5.0|Lover this game. Play it often. Then you can reset it and go again. I replay for perfect. I want all stars.
B00BWBHIUG|5.0|This game is fun and colorful. You build a reef and attract fish. You learn things about the ocean.  It is cute and entertaining.  I recommend this game .
B003ODIZL6|1.0|Not a good read. This book was a disgrace to my Kindle by taking up  a lot of space that I need for other things. Do not get!!!
193700788X|4.0|The author had quite a few loose ends to tie up in this last installment, and I feel like she did so well, and in a way that stayed true to the vibe of the whole series. I don't get all the hate in these reviews! Of course an awful lot of the 1-star reviews emerged within minutes of the book being released, so I hope others will take those with a grain of salt as I did.
B003WUYRGI|1.0|Awful. Storage Low because of it. What a waste. Do not get!!! Please don't waste your good space on this horrible book! Please!!!!
B0074VTHKM|5.0|This book is awesome  it's a great sequel to Theodore Boone. I think people would love it if they gave it a try. You don't have to be into politics to enjoy this book.
B008RA3X5E|4.0|I love this app so far . It hasn't gone off yet but it's still great well worth the money . I do wish it has more songs and more layouts but over all its great
B009NY43NY|1.0|I wish I never invested my time and interest in her world. Harris's final installment was an epic display of subpar writing. It's as though she didn't think about the friends she made at a job she held for thirteen years before tendering her resignation.
B0073TZ1AA|1.0|It charged me when it said free on the app... dont get ot it sucks too. I hate this app
B009T8XBBO|3.0|Love games like this but why on gods green earth would you force iaps on people when the app itself already costs so much?! If the inability to continue due to not purchasing additional stuff arises this will be an immediate uninstall for me.
B007J4T2G8|5.0|For the average romance reader, this book may not be suitable. It is a dark and twisted version of the classic romance novel. With the classic virgin attempting to tame and repair the twisted and beautiful BDSM man. An exhilarating read from beginning to end for any who are not afraid to explore their own dark side.
B004XJRQUQ|5.0|It seems the world is asleep to the injustice, the prejudice and disrespect of young persons. While this is a very well written fiction of power and cruelty, for me there is a hidden analogy of children and their plight in the world as sub-human or less than beings.<br /><br />In reality we relate to children in a way that we would never tolerate being treated ourselves. We hated it, that when we were children, our views were held in disregard, and yet once entering into parenthood the norm is to constrain and judge our children in terms of good and bad behavior.<br /><br />This is the norm and any deviation is frowned upon. This story of domination and cruelty tells of a society that simply doesn't honor life. In a manner of entertainment, maybe the world will wake up and children will begin to be honored as equals, as human beings.
B003F3FJQO|2.0|This would be good if I hadn't read The Maze Runner first, but compared to that, this was terrible.  I will still finish the series, but I am unsatisfied.
B00BAB6CNC|5.0|Just an amazing album enjoy pretty much all of it. Well worth the wait and deserved all of my ill-mannered patience.
1593082037|5.0|THANK YOU SIR ARTHUR! AND NOW IT ON TELEVISION! SUCH AN ENTERTAINING BOOK TELEVISION SHOW WITH JOHNNY LEE AND LUCY LU!
B00910Y1OQ|5.0|I really like this game. I bought 80 days around the world and really enjoyed that one and this didn't disappoint at all. Downloaded great and has really nice graphics. I only wish there were other match 3 games for android of this caliber. I recommend this to anyone who likes this kind of game.  Enjoy:-)
193700788X|1.0|Where to begin? Well, CH did a fine job of taking a perfectly fabulous series and throwing it down the toilet. Disappointment does not even begin to sum up my feelings for the last book in a series I have loved for so many years. Character growth was not evident, and she left so many story lines untied. This book felt like one big filler and a complete waste of time. When would I ever care to hear about Copely Charmichael's inner monolog instead of, say I don't know, Eric? I care much more about Eric's rational behind his actions in the book than Cope's need to get the cluvial dor. Poorly played CH. I feel like you ran out of steam and gave your faithful readers your very least. I would have happily seen Sookie stay single and show that she would work on herself rather than end up in a relationship with a trivial character such as Sam. Sad, sad, sad.
B00338QENI|5.0|I never knew this happened.  It was good to learn about it and understand how cells are used in science.
B002KRFND0|5.0|The Sherlock Holmes stories by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle are delightfully written, and have great central characters; the brilliant, wonderfully eccentric Holmes, and his faithful companion, Watson.<br /><br />This volume is a complete, correctly arranged and beautiful book.  It is somewhat heavy, but not cumbersome.  The pages have a quality feel, though there are several type errors; however, they are not so prevalent as to justify removing a star from its rating.<br /><br />The vast majority of the short stories and all four novels are fun and believable, with the exception of perhaps the Greek Interpreter, and The Engineer's thumb.  The plots are compelling, as are the characters of Holmes and Watson; they balance each other out nicely.  I soon grew so fond of both that I  was completely heartbroken after reading The Final Problem; reading the Empty House was the perfect cure! My personal favorites are the Beryl Coronet, The Boscombe Valley Mystery, and The Mazarin Stone, and the Noble Bachelor.<br /><br />Here are summaries of some, in my opinion, the best stories:<br />(The Beryl Coronet) As security for the loan of a large sum, Mr. Holder, acting for the bank at which he works, receives a tremendously valuable beryl coronet. When that very night he finds his son handling it, he finds that three of the stones are missing! Crazed with worry, grief, and shame, he turns to Sherlock Holmes, in hope that he can return the missing section of the Beryl Coronet. Holmes must succeed where the police have failed, and restore the stones, or a devastating public scandal will ensue.<br /><br />(The Boscombe Valley Mystery) A  tragedy has occurred in Boscomb Valley. Mr. Charles McCarthy has been murdered! All evidence points to his son, James McCarthy, as being guilty. However, his neighbor's daughter insists that he is innocent, and requests that Sherlock Holmes, the famous detective, be summoned to investigate. Will James McCarthy be convicted? Or can Holmes find the evidence needed to prove his innocence?<br /><br />(The Noble Bachelor) Lord St. Simon, one of the most prestigious names in London, has become victim to terrible misfortune. One the very day of his wedding, after the ceremony and during the breakfast, his bride mysteriously disappeared. Lestrade, as well as Sherlock Holmes, has taken on the case, though he can make nothing of it. While in conversation with him, Holmes declares that \\"Lady St. Simon is a myth. There is not, and there never ha been any such person.\\" What can he mean?  Read it and find out.<br /><br />These stories, in my mind, are perfect; they never get boring, and are infinitely re-readable.  Enjoy!<br /><br />(If after reading these, you desire to see them as movies, [[ASIN:B000060MVK The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes (Boxed Set Collection)]] and [[ASIN:B00009WVO2 The Return of Sherlock Holmes Collection]] stay closest to the original stories.)
B004J4WNL2|4.0|This book helped me to identify some of my traits and why I do the things I do.  Go introverts.  Who needs to boast?
B003NFM3JU|4.0|I got this for my husband, because he liked it more than I did,  For an animated version, it was good.  I prefer the live action &#34;A Christmas Carol&#34; with George C. Scott.
B007IXWL2C|5.0|This was not a well-written series, but it held my interest anyway.  The author seemed inexperienced in writing, but was a success none-the-less.
B004G6009K|5.0|I think Tangled is one of the best recent Disney movies, and I love the 3D version.  I had it on regular Blu Ray, but once we got a 3D TV, I wanted this in 3D.  It's a great movie overall, and the 3D enhances the story.  I love Flynn Rider - he's trying so hard to be something that he's not, and has fallen into a life of crime, even though he's really a good guy.  Rapunzel is a strong girl, although somewhat naive.  Great story!
B009SJ3GUK|4.0|I watched the entire first season over the course of a few days via Netflix rentals and enjoyed everything except the ending which I thought was a bit corny. Im halfway through season two and it seems to take itself a little more seriously. this show is like watching a greatest hits of horror and sci fi movies, you could make a game of spotting the obvious references from past films. The Exorcist for one comes to mind. I think the acting and casting are excellent and the inclusion of an actual &#34;pinhead' will put a lot of people in shock having never seen this birth defect before. The reality of human imperfections really freak people out (pun not intended). Only crusty old hippies like myself remember Zap comix Zippy the Pinhead comic books. I was so impatient to see season 2 I spent the 20+ dollars here on Amazon to watch it. I cant wait to see what they come up with if there is a season 3. I hope this helps those debating weather to take the financial plunge to watch this now or not, Im glad I did.
B009EEFTMC|4.0|I enjoy puzzle games.  This was good, although I quickly reached my fastest solve time, and have not been able to get a quicker one.  I didn't like that the only option for sharing results is Twitter, since I don't &#34;tweet&#34;.
B002YCVWXQ|4.0|Tarantino is Tarantino. As always, unusual, well done, grotesque on numerous cinema cliche. Everyone undestand as they want: i.e. &#34;Make love not war!&#34;
014050639X|5.0|I loved this book as a child and now my daughter loves it too. She is about 20 months old.  She is just starting to put words together and can say &#34;there she/he/it is&#34; when I ask her where something is the book. It is fun to look for the characters and the rhymes are sweet.  Reading this book with my child has given me much joy.
B00006DEF9|3.0|I've never understood this movie's appeal, beyond the dance numbers. I'm also not a fan of Debbie Reynolds who I've always found barely tolerable. And, Gene Kelley as an actor is pretty hard to take in most of his movies, just not a fan of his voice or his smirky smile. By contrast, Fred Astaire could act. But most of all, I've always been appalled at the way the silent actress with the strong accent is treated by the script. And after having it on several times without really watching it wth full attention, I found myself liking this character better than the others, even though the hammy script didn't want you to. And then it turns it was acted by the great Jean Hagen who got an Academy Award nomination for her part. Meanwhile the only other watchable parts of this movie are the dance numbers. I've always thought they did a poor job of capturing the 1920's, also. Very poor.
193700788X|1.0|After the last couple of books I wasn't surprised that this one was just as bad. Very disappointing to be so invested in a series, but in the end be left with garbage. Wishing I hadn't wasted my time!
B00002SSKI|5.0|I got this for my best friend's birthday to replace her unwatchable VHS tape. The shipping was fast, the price was really good, and it was just a pleasant buy.
B001EQ5ZJK|5.0|An amazing book that brings all of the various theories of past and present, science and spirit, all together.  Some heavy details on the science side but you will get through it and may even learn more than you thought you could.
B003ODIZL6|5.0|The book is kind of having internet, but I wouldn't know anything about that. I really enjoyed the book. It was a pretty good book.
B00B8R1NP0|5.0|I really like this book and can't wait to read the next one!  This book was a good read and kept my interest the whole time
B00AECGQF2|5.0|The only thing that was a boyfriend is not have bad news for the talent talent talent talent show the talen and a good idea that looked at all over the letter was  the letter of you were a hood and
B000F8O35U|5.0|For several months I have waited for this particular DVD to be sold at a reasonable price.  This is one of my favorite Disney movies and I originally had this on VCR.  The price was the best I have seen!
0062059963|5.0|Well... I regret reading this book now. Because now I probably have to wait way to long for the sequel! That's just mean! I want it! I want it now!<br />*Ahem* I guess you could say that I liked this book. No actually I didn't like it. I loved it! It was everything I hoped it to be and more! So So So SOOOOO AWESOME!<br /><br />The story starts almost right after the first book and the characters I fell in love with (some more than I should) or grew to hate so much (*cough*Celeste*cough*) are still here and I'm sooo happy! In this book we learn more about the history of the land through Diaries from Gregory Illea and we see a bit of a darker side of it. We get to know the King and Queen more in this book, which was awesome. I love Queen Amberly, she's so nice! But I hate the King. I really do. Almost as much as I hate Celeste, that *peeeeep*. Bleh.<br /><br />America is still awesome, even though maybe a little more emotional in this one. I get that I was too. I was so torn and I am just reading the book. If I were America, I would be crying all the time. But she is still true to herself and never forgets were she comes from and she isn't afraid to fight for what she thinks is right. And I'm glad she has support from some people in the palace. Now why is she so torn? Guys of course...<br /><br />Maxon... Sigh. My emotions were scrambled up good in this book, and that's mainly because of him. First I still love him, than I don't like him so much, than I do, than I hate him, and in the end I loved him again. Yeesh... I mean... I get that he needs to find a wife, but if he really loves America, like he says, why kissing those other girls? Okay yeah, sometimes America is to blaim for that one to because she pushes him away constantly (something I don't understand by the way... I would never push him away), but come on Maxon... Kissing Celeste? Seriously? If I could I would kick you right in your royal parts. But I can't stay mad at him for long, so...<br /><br />And then there's Aspen. Yeah he's a douchebag but at least he is a one-woman kind of guy and he fights for America. Something I admire. And it's romantic... So you see why America is so torn? I certainly am... But I still think I'm team Maxon.<br />Oh and I love her dad! He made me cry quite a bit in this book with those letters he wrote to America. Wish I had a dad like that.<br />And Marlee... I'm soooo not going to talk about her. I'll cry again.<br /><br />So yeah, this was awesome. I loved it. I want the sequel.there's Aspen. Yeah he's a douchebag but at least he is a one-woman kind of guy and he fights for America. Something I admire. And it's romantic... So you see why America is so torn? I certainly am... But I still think I'm team Maxon.<br />Oh and I love her dad! He made me cry quite a bit in this book with those letters he wrote to America. Wish I had a dad like that.<br />And Marlee... I'm soooo not going to talk about her. I'll cry again.<br /><br />So yeah, this was awesome. I loved it. I want the sequel.
B005GY0Y8S|4.0|Book was very good.  Enjoyed it very much. It kept me intrigued couldnt wait to find out who did it and was surprised when I did
B009NY43NY|1.0|I don't want to spoil the plot but I hate the way CH ended things and wish I could get my money back. Disappointing story line, characters inconsistent with past books, and a dismaying EA for Eric and Sookie. Don't waste your money.
B00AU15HPC|4.0|I wasn't blown away by Justin's new album, but I still enjoyed it. His voice is still true, but the songs are rather commonplace, with no real standouts. I could have done without the overly contrified version of &#34;It's Cold Outside of Your Heart&#34; and the &#34;Out There Somewhere&#34; remix. (If the latter was the kind of &#34;music&#34; we listened to, we probably wouldn't be Moody Blues fans.) I had to return both my original copy (defective first track) and its replacement (even worse), but I'll eventually purchase this album to complete my collection if nothing else.
193700788X|1.0|I had guessed a long time ago how the series would end. I didn't love that outcome, but I was resigned to it.<br /><br />What I didn't guess that the author would take us for a ride--and I do mean that, take us for a ride--that included choices that didn't make sense, ran counter to character, and ultimately had the sense, at least, of mocking her fans. It's not the ending; it's how she got there, the clear venom against specific characters that emerges, and the ultimate sense that you've been set up *deliberately* by the author for a very, very big fall.<br /><br />I am not sure when I was so disappointed in a book, to be honest.
B0079XPUOW|1.0|It seemed so promising at first, but the bad writing and incredible obviousness of it all broke me. Do you need to actually reference Star Trek in your parody of Star Trek? We get it. All the characters sounded the same and spoke in cliche-ridden, exposition-heavy dialogue that I might've written in high school. Predictable and dull.
B00A4W3AJC|1.0|If you want to waste your time and money, this is the blu-ray for you. Instead try the Qatsi Trilogy, which was recently released in blu-ray.
B00BTYP6QE|5.0|These games are silly but addictive. My kids and I all enjoy this game. I also downloaded the older versions and still play them as well. Cute, quick app you can play while waiting in line somewhere
193700788X|1.0|Though I was almost loathe to have a hand in someone else getting sucked in to the gigantic swindle that was Ms. Harris' \\"Southern Vampire Mysteries\\", I didn't want anymore reminders of how she took every vampire-genre lover on her own personal gravy train ride.  I considered writing a 'don't bother' in the front of every book, but common decency won.<br /><br />All those stating the one stars are because of the end - you don't know jack.  We would have been accepting of Ms. Harris ending the series with Sam HAD SHE ACTUALLY WRITTEN THAT BOOK.  She chose not to do that, instead putting a random sentence or two in every other book about how Sookie likes to sunbathe or maybe might want children, but continued to give us an engrossing relationship between a powerful vampire (cough VAMPIRE MYSTERIES cough) and a telepathic waitress.  A clever idea that took off like wildfire.  I don't deny anyone wanting to make a living, and the vampire genre fans made Ms. Harris RICH.  What I do take offense to, as do so many others, is her arrogant treatment of the very base that made her famous, made her rich.  All these claims of 'real fans' and 'loval fans' have no clue - we've bought every novella, every book, the Companion - all of it!  Watched True Blood and lamented at how the show basically gutted Sookie and Eric, characters we'd grown to love.<br /><br />Little did we know that Ms. Harris could do more damage to them than Alan Ball ever could.<br /><br />So yes, there are many angry, disappointed people here, and all over the world, who were given a wonderful story by Ms. Harris, only to have the curtain pulled back for the finale to show that it was nothing but a farce.  And it's not just who Sookie ended up with.  It's how she went about it.  More specifically, how she DIDN'T.<br /><br />So now my Sookie books are sitting in a bag waiting for a garage sale that will benefit the fight against child labor in the world.  Hopefully it'll bring in some money, though I do stillfeel bad for my part in fooling some other unsuspecting reader who thinks the books are actually one thing but will turn out to be another.  I thought about burning them in a couple of crazed moments but that's just silly, and bad for the environment.
B00BWBHIUG|5.0|so cute. I love visiting my mom and sister's reef. easy when you start gets harder. I never spend my pearls.
B00C7TAF3Y|5.0|Great ambiance.  Challenging but not frustrating.  Unobtrusive hints that are there if you need them.  Fascinating!  More please!<br /><br />Filled with awe as each new phase revealed itself.
B004XJRQUQ|5.0|This is truly a great piece of literature that will live on for ages. I am so glad I read it.
B009T8XBBO|4.0|when I clicked download in1hour the game was installing the app after it finished installing I tried the game it was very fun
B009PK9SB8|4.0|I'm giving this 4 stars because its GREAT except for killing your battery.  I was forced to buy an extra 4 batteries to combat this problem when on the road, even then I'm constantly charging the batteries which are not in use so I am rotating 6 to 10 batteries into the GoPro each day when the LCD back is attached.<br /><br />On average I get 20-30 minutes of life out of a battery with the LCD back attached.<br /><br />Aside from that its an almost vital addition to your go pro.  Honestly, I've gotten used to the GoPro enough to know what images I will get even without this LCD back, BUT, if you're doing something important and need to frame your shot correctly, how else can you do that if not for this LCD back?<br /><br />So it's great, awesome forward thinking by GoPro for giving us the option to either have this attached or not, but I just wish battery life was longer with it.<br /><br />The other option is to have the GoPro attached to a USB power outlet (in the car) or computer which provides continuous power bypassing the battery problem, but even then I noticed that the camera freezes if I hit stop/record even once, so unless I'm continuously recording with the USB powering the unit, I'll have to take the camera and remove the battery if I hit stop at any point.<br /><br />(and yes this freezes with the updated firmware which eliminated the problem except in this case),
B004IPPINW|4.0|I did not understand how he was going to pull it off, but he did. The narrator totally dominated, and it worked and became part of the suspense. I also learned from the perspective of the other, and it allowed me to share in that perspective, even as an older white middle class American looking into another world. Sometimes economics, etc., transcend race and nationality, even religion.  At first I did not see how this could be a thriller, and then I understood.
1455502626|3.0|This is a hard book to review for me, cause I am having trouble deciding how I feel about the main character, John Corey. He's a very good detective, but all the crass one-liners gets annoying. They aren't even funny half the time, and I can't see any woman being attracted to this guy. However, in the book, women seem to think otherwise, and he does seem to be capable of falling for someone.<br />The story itself, is a very interesting multiple murder mystery, with lots of suspects that keeps you wondering up til the end, just who all may be involved. The race at the end, to capture the killer seems to drag though, with too much detail. I was ready for the grand finale long before we got to it.<br />I've read other reviews, that later books may be the better books, so may give John Corey another try.
B005F9TQ2Y|5.0|The modern day troubador Dylan once again delivers great gospel and apocalyptic tunes. &#34;Jokerman&#34; is a classic. Make sure you have this in your music library.
B007DIQAXI|5.0|Icelands finest,  worth every cent I even have them on cd. don't hesitate add this baby to your cart u wont be dissapointed
B00AU15HPC|5.0|No new Moody Blues albums in years, so I was looking forward to this release, and the result is - superb. Hayward's voice has not changed one bit, sounds as good as it did when he was 19. And the songwriting is so good, up there with the best of The Moody Blues. The lyrics are right there with Seventh Sojourn as far as depth, and the sound is smooth, soft rock. If you like The Moody Blues, if you miss The Moody Blues, you will definitely enjoy this album!
B007KQI1NA|5.0|I had cheaped out a bit and purchased the BU-353 and it totally did not work with Windows 8, after 3 hours of trying all different things suggested by others in forums and on the manufacturers website, NADA.<br /><br />So I returned that unit and purchased this one like they suggested.<br /><br />It works great, it picks up my location within a 3+/- yard degree of accuracy.  It worked right out of the box with my Map program.  So I can't complain at this point, so I will take this on my next trip and report any problems.
B0011ZNAIC|5.0|it was a bday gift for my kid so he loved it,and for the price n shipping i was very happy
B007URVZJ6|4.0|Get this book if you are going to submit a book for Kindle.  Easy to read instructions.  Its a must read.
B009UX2YAC|5.0|You guys did a great job with the game. It is so much fun and it's impossible to put down. I absolutely love subway surfers!!!
B00CATSONE|5.0|Nikola Tesla was the name that caught my interest into looking at this book. The book was much better than I expected. I read many times over the years about Teslas inventions and his conflict with Edison. This book left me feeling like I knew him and how he thinks. I believe I will persue some ideas I have had and dreamt about but never acted on. Thank you
B00A7YZ1KI|4.0|Firstly there is a huge amount of negative reviews and people complaining about the ending. I am a huge fan of Charlaine Harris and have read all of her books. I loved this ending to the series, I felt that all along Sookie might end up with Sam, all through the series Sam has been there for Sookie, he continually has supported her through all of her numerous trials and tribulations. There has always been love and attraction between the two of them. I felt that any relationship with vampires- Bill & Eric was not really going to work in the long run.Furthermore I notice that NOBODY has been outraged that Eric intended to turn Sookie even though she said numerous times that she did not want that. Talk about the ultimate betrayal.<br />So thanks to Charlaine Harris for an amazing story and world, I loved the entire series. For those disgruntled readers - get over yourself, dont be a hater.<br />Just accept that in fiction, like life not everybody gets what they want.
B00C2VGAW2|1.0|I was excited to hear about the remake of my favorite book: The Great Gatsby, bur instead of hearing the period music that would make this movie so authentic and a beautify story about doomed love...The music is nothing but TRASH better suited for a modern day film.....Why can't Hollywood learn to make real movies anymore?
B001DPHDCY|2.0|my son hated it n i could not blame him we all tried to watch it n well i wasted my money
B009NY43NY|4.0|WARNING******SPOILERS<br /><br />I am a little upset with all the negativity and hostility surrounding this book. The idea that Sookie lost her voice and didn't stay true to character is preposterous.  Of course she changed some after 13 books, countless beatings and betrayals, love and loss, deaths, births, weddings, and life-altering revelations. She's killed people, and that'll change anyone who's not a sociopath.<br /><br />I can somewhat understand the outrage over the way things with Eric were handled. It was rushed. It was abrupt. It was disappointing to see one of my favorite characters of all time get such a horrible ending. However, as much as we fans all loved him, he is NOT our character. He is Ms. Harris's to do with as she sees fit. Just as in real life, not everyone gets a happy ending.<br /><br />One of the things that I saw as fitting, while others have not, was Sookie's decision to be with Sam. Many have stated that this was contrary to Sook's attitude about their relationship in previous books. I disagree. She never said a love with him was out of the question, just uncomfortable due to their employee/boss status. When she became part owner that changed the way things could be between them. As far as the idea that Sookie would be averse to the belief that the use of the cluviel dor had made their feelings change,  I think that was just a theory on her part. If she had truly believed that, she would<br />have admitted it made her uncomfortable. Just as her bond with Eric had. However, I think deep down,  she's always loved Sam.<br /><br />I will admit, I was not such a fan of the 3rd person narrative. None of the other books used it, so it felt a little like a plot stunt to me. I didn't mind it in the prologue, but it was unnessesary to be scattered around the book. I also thought there were too many plotholes. I still don't get how Claude got out of Faery...<br /><br />My favorite aspect of the novel was how Sookie found out the depth of the friendships she had made. While she had many enemies, she had more people on her side than she could have imagined in her darkest, most humiliating hour. Her 'disability', as she referred to it, had not kept people from seeing the wonderful person she was. As often as she doubted herself as a 'good Christian',she still had the capacity for kindness, and forgiveness. (Just look at her forgiveness of Bill the Rapist). And while she had enjoyed the excitement that being a part of the supernatural world had brought her, she was a simple girl who loved her home, her community, and her best friend.
B00AZL3PBK|5.0|I have so much fun with this game. Highly addictive game. A lot like Mario Brothers hidden treasures to find. Sometimes it may glich butt all games do this. Is not impossible to get thrum the levels like some games.
B005GFPZYK|4.0|This was a good book. A God story for new guys going into the military. Tells them what it is really like.
B006LSZECO|1.0|I started skipping pages less than half way through.  It got predictable and the characters got tiresome. Read something else.
B00CKOYVG8|4.0|Downloaded this with a few friends and had a blast. Definitely recommend it to any angry birds fan of any age.
0061684384|5.0|i love Kat Von D she is awesome,and a great book,good job,shipping was fast so i am very happy w my choice
193700788X|1.0|The only positive aspect of this book was Sookie's growth. She's come a long, long way from the innocent and naive young woman we met in book 1. It was also an interesting change that people helped her, for once, instead of the other way around. So I'll give the book some points for this if nothing else.<br /><br />However, I cannot give this book more than two stars. Other reviewers call it \\"predictable\\" but I disagree. In fact, it's completely opposite from what has been building up over the series through the past 4 books (or more depending on your point of view). The best way I can describe this book is being out of character. The CHARACTERS didn't even feel like they were in character. Everything was just a big ol' question mark and made me wonder who wrote the series because this installment didn't seem like the same person. Ms. Harris has mentioned time and again how she's ending the series because Sookie's story is told. Well, frankly it needed to have ended several books ago. This book is the epitome of a Mess.<br /><br />As to the Fan Wars, I really wouldn't have cared who Sookie ended up with as long as it was believable - as in, the plot led us there not whether you could possibly live happily ever after, or the equivalent thereof, with a vampire/mermaid/shifter/unicorn. This ending was utterly unbelievable and dissatisfying.<br /><br />I'm glad I didn't purchase this book. Not many things are as frustrating to me as purchasing an expensive book only to stare at it in bafflement and chuck it across the room (sorry friend whose book I borrowed!) in irritation.<br /><br />ETA: I reread portions of the book and had to downgrade my review to one star. Seriously? What in the heck.
B00CHSPB8Y|5.0|nice game good graphics but kind of boring at later stages, but I enjoyed it. get it now. very cool
193700788X|4.0|This book is a little \\"all over the place\\", but I have enjoyed every book in the Sookie Stackhouse series and this is no exception.  I read it in less that a day.  I don't think any ending could make most readers truelly happy, but I new from the third book who Sookie would end up being with.  Once you get past the \\"bad days\\" Sookie must have in the beginning, you get to see all the characters worth seeing from the series.  It is a rollercoaster for the remainder of the book.  I don't think all characters stayed \\"true to themselves\\" but all in all, I enjoyed the book.  I have read everything Charlaine Harris has written and enjoyed all her books.
B007DIQC90|5.0|Great music, beautiful singing, well produced.  This music is good any time you want something mellow or soothing playing.  Good as music playing in the background while you are driving or doing something around the house.
B00571F26Y|4.0|Makes a lot of sense and worth the read if you would like to lose weight and have a life changing experience.
B006GSRFOY|5.0|On Thin Lizzy's 4th album \\"Nightlife\\" (1974), the Irish band from Dublin gained two new guitarists in Californian Scott Gorham (23) and Brian Robertson (18) from Glasgow, Scotland.  This set was a lot tamer that what people got used to later in their career.  With production by Ron Nevison (Led Zeppelin, UFO, Bad Company, Ted Nugent etc.) and Phil, this was a change of pace from \\"Vagabounds\\".  The album starts off with the bouncy breezy charmer \\"She Knows\\", the slow blues of \\"Night Life\\", some sweet strings on this one.  The rocker \\"It's Only Money\\", covered by Concrete Blonde on 1988's \\"Free\\", album, Brian Downey's drums are sharp here.  The classic \\"Still In Love With You\\", with Frankie Miller joining Phil on vocals, great guitar by Brian and Scott.  With keyboard work by John Russell and some strings on \\"Frankie Carroll\\", very Beatles sounding.  The funky \\"Showdown\\", with Phil's bass just right, GREAT stuff!  The swirling guitars of \\"Banshee\\".  \\"Philomena\\", Phil wrote this song for his mother, a folk rock sound here, nice guitar break by Brian.  \\"Sha-La-La\\", is a souped upped raver, great guitar and bass, fun song.  And the album ends with the pretty ballad \\"Dear Heart\\", with some tasty guitar and strings.  Some of the band had a problem with this record, but i find it very soothing in their catalog.  The bonus material you get,  6 BBC session tracks, 3 fantastic demo performances from Gary Moore on \\"Showdown\\", \\"It's Only Money\\" and \\"Still In Love With You\\".  Thin Lizzy fans should listen to this album.
B009NY43NY|1.0|I'm not going to write a book report. Suffice it say, Charlaine Harris can expect to receive my entire Sookie collection in a tidy box with an enclosed bill for their purchase, because she just flushed the series down the drain. Way to completely blow a thirteen book installment with one fabulously s****y ending. I'm  actually thinking that Ms. Harris will serve as a cautionary  tale for other authors; the entire narrative has been poisoned by one resoundingly terribledud of an ending.
B009T8XBBO|3.0|6 year old at best.... just tap and work happens ....nice graphics.....good to be king.  App might get 5 stars in 1st grade level...don't let your kids grow up to be cowboys.  or Knights.
B005SDB6RK|4.0|This video is amazing if you like snowboarding movies it is a must also check out &#34;Thats it thats all&#34;
B009UX2YAC|4.0|It's really fun, but when you go to different places you can't play the previous location, which might displeasure some customers. It is a fun game, but could use some tweaking.
193700788X|1.0|Let me start out by saying I've read this series from the beginning. 10 years I've waited for this day to come. Man oh man, I feel incredibly disappointed and cheated. I can't begin to tell you how horrible this book was. I really have a hard time believing Ms. Harris actually wrote this. What a sad ending to a series that I truly loved......
B009T8XBBO|1.0|I got this today as the free app, and was immediately disappointed when I tried to put in my own name as opposed to \\"Player\\". The box to enter name showed up fine, but would not fill in. Nor would it let you back out of the game at that point. I had to press the phone's Home button, then manually force close the app to make sure it closed.<br />If they fix this bug, I may review it again.<br />Samsung Galaxy Note 2.
193700788X|1.0|I am just so sad that CH ended the Sookie saga this way. Maybe she wanted to make this \\"real\\" but the book was from the FANTASY genre and who wants to read real life when choosing fantasy? I sure didn't.
B00957T6X6|5.0|Enjoying the books even more than the HBO series. It was the series that got me hooked on the books. Decent price for the bundle I guess but could be cheaper sine they didn't have to deal with the costs associated with printing physical books. Well written books and ultimately worth the price for such good entertainment.
B008Z9YLV2|4.0|Decent movie, will watch all of the series as it comes out. Definetly the movie that boosted Jenifer Lawrence. Yeah
0988936402|4.0|This is an epic kind of story. I know it has been said before, but Roy has a Tolkien-y feel to the story- only I actually finished it, unlike Tolkien. LOL.<br /><br />I really enjoyed this book. It mixes lots of elements that I've enjoyed, and it has a little gritty aspect to it. Something that not all books get. Roy is a great storyteller and you can tell that he has taken the time to develop his characters and story.<br /><br />It is a great book for the YA genre, although like so many of the genre (Yes, YA, not New Adult, whatever that is, people please stop making up new genres!) it has a crossover aspect that makes it enjoyable for those outside of the original target range.<br /><br />It does leave you wanting more though. Owen Sage is  completely thrown into a new world of unexpected adventure. It blends concepts, worlds, spaces, and times. I love it!<br /><br />This is a good book for those that enjoy fantasy, epic stories, and books that fall in the realm of Tolkien without his verbose insanity.<br /><br />*I received this book in exchange for an honest review*
1594203334|5.0|This is the best \\"catch all\\" infant/toddler parenting book I have read to date.  One of the best parts of the book is its greatest failing.  The information is presented in an entertaining way without judgement.  The reader is expected what to implement and how far to take it.  Really a must read.
B00B3HJLX6|5.0|I got the Omerta CD when it first came out and was blown away. I've been a Portnoy fan for years and this combination of players is absolutely incredible in my book. When I found out about the Coverta album I was'nt sure what to expect, but figured I'd like it. Once I found out they were covering Badlands and Heart I knew I would love it. For the first two weeks of getting it, my 7yr old son and I listened exclusively to this CD over and over again. Every song on here is done well and Russell Allen is amazing! You can tell Mike Portnoy's having fun too, whole lotta talent in this band!
B003PGNBNO|5.0|The Movie was shipped quickly and though it was used it still had the blu-ray/dvd/ digital copy intact. So it is just like it is brand new. Even had the unused Disney Codes. Which is Awesome.
B009HV2JT8|3.0|This movie was actually pretty well done for what it is, a historical(I say that loosely) with horror. Watch it.
B00CKWQN9S|5.0|The soundtrack to \\"The Great Gatsby\\" is excellent! This is one of the best movie soundtracks of the year, if not, the best soundtrack of the year, thus far, and also one of the best movie soundtracks of the summer season, thus far, as well. This is also another excellent soundtrack to a Baz Luhrmann film, right alongside \\"Romeo & Juliet\\" & \\"Moulin Rouge\\". All (14) tracks on here are excellent.<br /><br />Track Listing:<br />1. 100$ Bill - Jay Z (4 out of 4 stars)<br />2. Back To Black - Beyonce & Andre 3000 (4 out of 4 stars)<br />3. Bang Bang - Will.I.Am (4 out of 4 stars)<br />4. A Little Party Never Killed Nobody (All We Got) - Fergie & Q-Tip & Goonrock (4 out of 4 stars)<br />5. Young And Beautiful - Lana Del Rey (4 out of 4 stars)<br />6. Love Is The Drug - Bryan Ferry With The Bryan Ferry Orchestra (4 out of 4 stars)<br />7. Over The Love - Florence + The Machine (4 out of 4 stars)<br />8. Where The Wind Blows - Coco O. Of Quadron (4 out of 4 stars)<br />9. Crazy In Love - Emeli Sandé & The Bryan Ferry Orchestra (4 out of 4 stars)<br />10. Together - The xx (4 out of 4 stars)<br />11. Hearts A Mess - Gotye (4 out of 4 stars)<br />12. Love Is Blindness - Jack White (4 out of 4 stars)<br />13. Into The Past - Nero (4 out of 4 stars)<br />14. Kill And Run - Sia (4 out of 4 stars)<br />Also Additional Tracks from the MP3 Deluxe Edition:<br />Crazy In Love (Kid Koala Version) - Emeli Sandé & The Bryan Ferry Orchestra (4 out of 4 stars)<br />\\"I Like Large Parties\\" - Elizabeth Debicki (3 out of 4 stars)<br />\\"Can't Repeat The Past?\\" - Leonardo Dicaprio & Tobey Maguire (3 out of 4 stars)<br />Green Light - Green Light (2 out of 4 stars)<br />No Church In The Wild [Explicit] - Jay Z, Kanye West, Frank Ocean, The Dream (4 out of 4 stars)<br />Over The Love (Of You)  - Florence + The Machine, Sbtrkt (4 out of 4 stars)<br />Young And Beautiful (DH Orchestral Version) - Lana Del Rey (4 out of 4 stars)<br />\\"Gatsby Believed In The Green Light\\" - Tobey Maguire & Craig Armstrong (4 out of 4 stars)
B009NY43NY|4.0|Summary: Sookie Stackhouse used her wish to save Sam Merlotte's life. Unhappy with Sookie's decision, Eric stormed out, now at a loss for how to keep him and her together. When Sookie's is accused of murder, things get more and more confusing for the telepath. Will she ever live happily ever after?<br /><br />Review: I will admit I have a different perspective from other readers. For one, I dislike the show. I struggled through season 1 and then stopped after the first two episodes of season 2. Also, I read more in this genre than just the Sookie Stackhouse books, such as the Hollows, Kate Daniels, and Dresden Files. Finally, I picked up these books recently, as in Friday, and read all 13 books and the short stories in a matter of 5 days.<br /><br />I enjoyed the final installment of the series. The world Harris built is charming, albeit a bit predictable. I like it when vampires are not perfect creatures. Harris' vamps are as pretty as they are selfish. I like the extra spin she put on shape shifters, with the whole \\"pure shape shifters\\". Fairys were typical fae, and we had witches. But although similar to Urban Fantasy, the southern nature of the characters is lovely in its own way.<br /><br />I enjoyed the fact that Ms. Harris kept her characters consistent. Everyone behaved according to his or her nature. The Vampires put themselves first, Shape shifters represented their animals. Sookie herself stayed true to her southern nature. Yet the characters grew. Bill went from first love to high betrayer to a good friend. He learned to be what Sookie needed him to be at the end. Tara realized money wasn't everything and balanced her life. Sookie went from pushover to a woman who knows what she wants. In the end, the characters grew into themselves.<br /><br />The plot of the book was better than the last 3 books, but it wasn't as good as the first half of the books. I liked that this book had a clear beginning middle and end, and I was missing that in some of the laterbooks. I enjoyed the clear and present mystery. I also appreciated the end of the overall plot of the whole series. From the beginning, it was clear to me that Sookie's life was going to boil down to two choices: Supernatural life or Home. In many ways, it represented to me big city life vs. small town life. And for Sookie, she always wanted to \\"come home\\", especially since All Together Dead. Harris neatly tied up the loose ends, and although it was predictable, I liked the presentation.<br /><br />I do think Harris could have tightened up the story in many places. The third person POV didn't work for me (to the point where I almost gave the book 3 stars instead of 4). I think she should have left out those POVs and covered Sookie's self discovery more. I think she could have included more information regarding Sookie's choices and hometown love, to make her point. I think this message got lost around the time Sookie and Eric got serious. It was left out (or glossed over) in the last few books, too. I think long term planning would have really helped out with the end of this series.<br /><br />Of course, this review has to include the relationship aspect. I always knew it was going to be Sam. All those intimate talks and those kisses had to go somewhere. More importantly, Sookie's journey is about coming home and facing the sun. She was never satisfied with vampires and their lifestyle, and they would never be able to compromise to her. At the end of \\"All together Dead\\", I knew she was going to end up at least with no vampires. But as I said before, tighter writing would have given readers a clearer picture to this romance. I appreciated that we were left with room to speculate, with her and Sam taking it a slow. This bit of realism was refreshing.<br /><br />With all the media surrounding this book, I was pleasantly surprised with the ending Ms. Harris supplied us. I am glad I gave this series a shot.<br /><br />Sex: Nice steamy, but realistically romantic sex scene.<br />Violence: Shootings, death, kidnappings<br /><br />Rating: 4 out of 5 stars<br />Series Rating: 3 out of 5 stars<br /><br />Quote: \\"`Maybe' is such a bad word,\\" I said. \\"You can `maybe' yourself back to Adam and Eve and the serpent.\\"<br /><br />Next Book: This was the last of the series, but [[ASIN:B00BDQ3B4W After Dead: What Came Next in the World of Sookie Stackhouse]], is a CODA of the characters and what happened to them after the series ended. It comes out 10/29/2013
B00BSBT8M6|3.0|Just watched Life of Pi, well made movie I must say... I was looking forward to \\"hearing a story which made me believe in God\\" sorry but doesnt it do the the exact opposite? Great advice from the father \\"I rather have you believe in something we disagree on than have you accepting everything blindly, and it all starts with thinking rationally\\"... Which version do I prefer? The one with the animals in it of course, now which do I believe or which is the \\"truth\\"? It is a question of whether you are a person to face a hard truth or do you route evidence for convenience and choose to believe a nice lie... It gives proof of how the idea of God is an invention of the human mind... Does it matter if the outcome of both stories was the same? Well, does the truth matter to you? I know it does to me... Do you search for answers or do you just have faith, period. If Pi was the tiger, then he ate part of the zabra (sailor) and he ate the hiena (cook)... He canivalized himself and invented a story to both forgive and cope with himself for the rest of his life... So he says \\"he brought out the evil in me, I have to live with that, I was alone in a boat and I survived\\" and \\"hunger can change everything you ever thought you knew about yourself\\"... Storytelling is fantastic though, well done!
B00A8307BG|5.0|The man can still play! I've been listening to Trower since the '70s and he just gets better. Great CD.
B007KQI1NA|5.0|Others have written that this may not be plug and play, this was not my experience.  As a windows 8 user (not by choice) this product was recognized and installed with no needed interference from my side.  It linked to MS Streets and trips without pause as well.  I've had 3 different GPS receiver antennas to date and none have ever recognized satellites as quickly or held them as well.  If a switch to windows 8 has made your antenna useless (as happened to me) this is the product you want.
B00AJAFNIA|5.0|Free and fun! Who could ask for more? Amazing graphics, cute premise, fun play. Great time killer that leaves a smile on your face!
B00AKL1XPU|5.0|awesome app...although for kindle fire users you have to clip k tools button then the arrow will show to go home. at least for mine anyway.besides that its really amazing app and very addicting
B00BGIC2J2|3.0|Not great. Judd Apatow, your wife and daughters are very talented, and your mid-life crisis is interesting, but not movie-interesting.<br /><br />I mean, I knew you were going to resolve your differences the entire time. And there really wasn't that much plot. Just a lot of snappy one-liners.<br /><br />However, Albert Brooks and John Lithgow need to do a buddy movie together. So good casting?<br /><br />I give it 1 star for intention, a second star for how hard everyone was working, and a third star because Albert Brooks and John Lithgow were in a scene together.<br /><br />You get no more stars, This is 40. Do better next time, Judd.
B00BJUQP4A|5.0|This was awesome!  What an adventure, what a dog.  I will look at this book forever.  Thank goodness for rescue dogs, what a treat.
B00AQ3K8IU|5.0|I'll start off with saying, I love your acknowledgements in the back, specifically to your family! Love your sense of humor!<br /><br />This book does start out slow and a tad bit immature but nearing the middle and beyond, it was very good. I experienced many emotions while reading it. The ending was very well thought out too! Go you!
B002KQ6BT6|5.0|The twists, the history, the characters...kept me up all night (even knowing I'll have two babies who will wake me very early!) read this book!
B008DBF5Z8|5.0|I use an expensive document reader in my classroom. I dual boot Win7 and Linux mint at home and wanted an inexpensive reader for myself. I just got this today (5/7/13) and without even installing the software I was able to use it. I have vlc on both my Win7 and Linux and I was able to get the reader to work perfectly on both OS'es. The only difference was that it looked better on Win7 than Linux. It seemed that there were many more adjustments in vlc but, like I said, I haven't tried the software it came with yet. I have a small projector and I will try and project an image through that and see how it works. But so far the image is great.
B0092R66T6|5.0|I passed this movie by several times, remembering the horrible sequels to the original. I am glad I finally caved to peer pressure (and high ratings), this movie definitely deserves them. The movie is a great successor to the original film; although the propaganda and satire has been toned way down, and only used as reference point. The CGI was great, the action was great, and some of the characters were great, while others, didn't get enough time to develop an emotional attachment.<br />I can heartily recommend this to anyone who likes CGI/animated movies, Starship Troopers, or a good alien flick.
0575081953|5.0|this is one of my favorite Vonnegut books, and I love this printing. definite page turner and I would recommend to anyone
B009NY43NY|5.0|PERFECT ENDING.  Love Sookie and all her adventures.  Sad about Eric, but it fit perfectly with his personality.  Must read.
B0083P1QUM|5.0|Another thriller from the Scarpetta series! Once again I couldn't wait to see how the book would end! I thought I had the ending figured out-then a twist...Loved it!
B0002KZAKS|5.0|This Mic has a little internal mic, because my mixed doesn't even have to go half way to make is super loud. and so far this mic is working up to it's standard. Also it's pretty clear.
B0011TMOIK|5.0|This is the second installment of the Harry Potter series. In this film we meet Tom Riddle aka Lord Voldemort. We are able to learn a little bit about who Voldemort is and why he is so determined to kill Harry yet is unable to do so. The special effects with the Basilisk are excellent. Remember the Basilisk because it plays a key role later on in the series.
193700788X|2.0|The series died when the Vampires took a back seat to the Fairies.  The last 3 books devoted no more than 5 pages apiece to the most beloved characters of the series.  That's not an exaggeration.  Truly, seriously and terribly disappointing.
0385312083|5.0|Although this is not my favorite Vonnegut book, it is a must for my collection. Wether you love the book or not, the witty humor of Vonnegut is still present in this modern classic.
B0055PMURG|4.0|There are definitely some moments that don't work and it's not a brilliant film, but the story is excellent and the acting from all the leads is top notch, and the real Bethany in the credits pulls it all together.<br /><br />The thing that anchors the film is Helen Hunt and Dennis Quaid.  Hunt is always great as she really brings reality to her roles.  Quaid is fantastic here.  His presence in every scene is felt.<br /><br />The waves and the beauty of Hawaii really come through.  The \\"duck dives\\" are gorgeous.<br /><br />I wouldn't say it's a great film, but again, the story, the message, the characters, the performances, and the beauty of the film make it hard to pass up.  It's also nice to see a film about someone who has a strong faith and that faith is not only depicted, but represented well on screen.  It's not a \\"Christian\\" movie exactly, but it does embrace the real Bethany and her family's strong faith.<br /><br />I recommend it.  Enjoy it with the whole family, though the initial \\"attack\\" should be skipped by younger viewers.
B00CHSPB8Y|3.0|It's fun overall but the other armors cost too much.  I would like to be able to mix and match armor features.  I've also determined that it isn't best for the Kindle Fire.  The game freezes and crashes way too much. Very frustrating.
B000FBFN1U|4.0|Yeah there is a surprise inside!  Actually many surprises!!  But it takes about 80% of the book to get to them.  I enjoy the story building that makes up the 80%, other people may not.<br /><br />I'm a huge fan of the HBO adaption which closely follows the books.  I have been and will continue to read the book before the corresponding show, but with all that goes on in these books I can't read more than one book ahead without getting people and timelines confused. One of the best things about reading a detailed book such as this, is allowing your mind to visualize the world and characters G.R.R Martin immerses you in.  I find that the intimate detail of the book compliments the viewing experience without feeling like you're treading old ground.<br /><br />At this point I'm pretty much sold on every subsequent book in the series.
B009NY43NY|1.0|Charlaine did not stay true to her characters or story.  Unsatisfied.  Writing has always been simple, i enjoyed the spirit, but i was robbed of that too.
B0094M4R3Q|4.0|My kids love this movie especially 6 year old girl.  Silly with happy ending.  Oldy but goody for young kids.
B0026WJEWA|5.0|This is my favorite Vonnegut book, I love picking this book up after a bad day to cheer me up. I would recommend this book to everyone, and if you like it check out the Bruce Willis movie too!
B004AO1FF6|5.0|I am geek and the amazing escape offered by Doctor Who is Perfect. Come along and travel all of time and Space with The Doctor.
B000FVQLQQ|5.0|I have been waiting to but this movie for a long time! I was excited when it arrived a little early and it was in perfect condition!
B009NY43NY|5.0|An enjoyable ending to a great series.  It wasn't the ending I wanted going into the book but Harris made it work.  Well done!
B005URRCUY|4.0|I downloaded this a few months ago because Amazon was having a sale and I liked the songs I hears on the radio like \\"Lonely Boy\\" and \\"Little Black Submarines.\\" The album is good, but inconsistent. What's good is really good, but only like half the songs did anything for me. The songs that are good are really great and catchy, but you sometimes have to weed through the average songs to get to them. Tracks I'd recommend, aside from the two mentioned above are \\"Run Right Back,\\" \\"Hell of a Season\\" and \\"Gold on the Ceiling.\\" My advice is buy the album when it's on sale or something so you pay for only what's good and get the rest in the process.
B008IJTFYW|5.0|I've owned this app and the premium app on my MacBook Pro for two years.  It is a please to know have it on my new Kindle Fire HD and my android phone.<br /><br />I love mixing my own custom made sounds.  Keep up the great work and thank u for bringing this to Kindle Fire HD and android!<br /><br />Blessings
B008JGSM6G|5.0|I downloaded this app for my 6 year old and he loves it. Now I play it more than he does!
193700788X|1.0|I am massively disappointed with this book.  Setting aside for a moment, the completely lackluster way that the Happily Ever After (HEA) is revealed to be Sam, this book is fraught with glaring inconsistencies (since when is Sookie crass and foul mouthed?, since when is Pam not a sarcastic wit, etc) and hohumdrum.  Not one of the characters were written with the same depth and back story as in the previous books.  I must conclude that Harris truly does despise her readers, or simply had this book ghostwritten by someone not thoroughly familiar with the series.  I finished the book in a little over two hours, it is a simple and basic read: Sookie dancing, Sookie searching for bad guys, Sookie working in a bar... All rather mundane and the story does nothing to tie up story threads for fans of the series.  It all seems rather haphazard.  The various characters popping in for a few short pages (Quinn, Jason, bill, Barry, etc) do not further the plot and make the ending seem even more rushed and anticlimactic.  The real travesty is that readers have enjoyed several books of Viking banter, and here Eric has, maybe, three sentences.  No satisfactory resolution at all.  Now coming back full circle to the HEA, it was executed poorly and in haste.  The characters have a quick romp in bed ( the sex scene was only one paragraph, almost an afterthought) then live chastely and awkwardly for the rest of the story.  No fireworks, no resolution for Sookie, no happily ever after.  Nothing for the readers to hang their hat on.  I'm utterly crushed that one of my favorite series came to such an abysmal end.
B001N1DPDE|3.0|It’s a very popular knife and for good reason, it’s a solid good quality 1095 carbon steel Beast! But that’s just it, it’s a Beast of a knife, it is thick and heavy a little too much more my tastes, I know I may get a lot of gripe for this but in my opinion its way overbuilt, it would’ve been a tough knife with half of the spine thickness, really its just too much and its heavy to carry, now I don’t mind good weight, you know a weight to usefulness ratio, but come on! this knife is ridiculous, also its too heavy for such a short blade knife, see where I’m going with the weight-to usefulness ratio here?, If it where a 7-9 inch knife survival knife capable of chopping or battoning large pieces or wood the weight would be justifiable but at barely 5 inches is capabilities are limited in that regard. The sheath is not that great either; the straps on the sheath need to be secured on the knife handle otherwise the knife will dangle at your side which is not very comfortable or safe, and because there are no screws only rivets the knife cant be carried left handed, which is a bummer because there a lots of knife sheaths with this option (I’m a southpaw if you haven’t guessed yet). The handle is made of something called Grivory which sorry but to me looks and feels like plastic, Micarta or even Kraton would have been better to absorb shock better when in use. It’s not a bad knife by any means but at least for me, its just not as fantastic as other reviews have made out to be, just my two cents. Its not a cheap knife but is not very expensive either kinda midrange price, and at this price point I expect a little better feel for my knives. Also call me crazy but I like knives to feels like knives not sharpened prybars, even the Gerber LFM II which is a thick knife feels more knife that the BK2, I don’t see myself being able to do fine cutting tasks, a primary function of a knife is still to cut and slash/slice and with this it just feels awkward and overkill to cut anything besides a piece of wood, IMHO there are more options in this type of knife category to consider, some examples are the longer yet not thicker and very affordable Schrade SCHF9 1095 carbon steel knife, the smaller more expensive but way better Esee 4, the almost same price Gerber LMF II with a great handle and awesome sheath, though not to fond of the serrations part but for the quality and price point its one of the best choices, and last but certainly not least the classic old reliable KA-BAR  USMC fighting/Utility knife, its got a thinner spine and its not really designed to batton large pieces of wood but it’s a very well built knife an can take a beating within reason, remember it was design to be a fighting knife, still its so good and reliable that people have no problem using them for camping/hiking/survival chores as well. Anyway good overall knife just not the best as some other reviewers would have you believe.besides a piece of wood, IMHO there are more options in this type of knife category to consider, some examples are the longer yet not thicker and very affordable Schrade SCHF9 1095 carbon steel knife, the smaller more expensive but way better Esee 4, the almost same price Gerber LMF II with a great handle and awesome sheath, though not to fond of the serrations part but for the quality and price point its one of the best choices, and last but certainly not least the classic old reliable KA-BAR  USMC fighting/Utility knife, its got a thinner spine and its not really designed to batton large pieces of wood but it’s a very well built knife an can take a beating within reason, remember it was design to be a fighting knife, still its so good and reliable that people have no problem using them for camping/hiking/survival chores as well. Anyway good overall knife just not the best as some other reviewers would have you believe.
0307987698|5.0|This book is great.  My son is obsessed with Sesame Street and Elmo.  This story is great as it keeps his attention and he also loves to turn the pages himself.  I would definitely buy this book for the Sesame Street lover in your house!
B007IXWKUK|3.0|I never thought I would read the Fifty Shades Trilogy, but these books keep you on your toes and make you want more. It's not all about the sex either, although it does spice things up a bit. Can't wait to read the last book!
0062059963|5.0|4.5 stars.<br /><br />Yes, I admit it: I love the Selection series.  These books aren't brilliant or mind-blowingly good, but they are pure fun.  They're like a guilty-pleasure type of read.<br /><br />Honestly, I don't think these books should be dystopian, though.  I'd prefer it if they were fantasy instead, mainly because of the fairytale mood of the stories.  *shrug*  But anyway, I have to say that it's quite refreshing to read a dystopian that is light and fun, rather than gloomy and depressing.<br /><br />The Elite is a fantastic sequel.  I think it's better than the first in many ways: there's a heck of a lot more world-building, relationships are tested, complications arise concerning the country of Illea, and there's lots more character development.  And Maxon! *swoon* I love the poor guy so much.  He's so incredibly sweet, but he's really going through a tough time in The Elite and trying to make the best decisions for his country.<br /><br />The only thing I have a problem with is America.  I do love how bright and funny she is, but man, I just kept wishing she would make up her mind!  She would not stop switching back and forth between Maxon and Aspen.  Then she whines when Maxon and/or Aspen doesn't pay enough attention to her.  I definitely didn't like her as much as in the first book, but after the ending of The Elite, I have a feeling she'll get better in the last book.<br /><br />Besides not liking America, I'm really pleased with this sequel.  I just love how princess-y it is.  There's fashion, balls, gorgeous dresses, and fairytale-ish moments.  It's such a fun, girly read.  Yet, we also find out a lot more about the country of Illea and its background, and learn more about Maxon and some of the other characters.  A great mixture of fluffiness and plot developments, The Elite is one awesome sequel!  I can't wait to read The One next year.
B005HEJ2DK|4.0|I think I only watched the first season when it was originally on TV, so it has been really fun to watch the remaining seasons in context with the first season.  If you are a fan of the original series back in the sixties then this series reminds you of all the strange species Kirk encounters while he is captain.
0988262592|5.0|being in development it dawned upon me later on in my career the role - the really important role of IT and operations guys.. and i am just hooked on this.. really really good... we need many many more books on IT dev and insight into these functions..
B002MQYOFW|5.0|This is the first book I have read in a long time, and it was the perfect choice to get me back on track. Beautifully written, it sucks you in right from the start and doesn't let you go. I'm looking forward to reading the next book!
193700788X|2.0|What happen C. Harris? Did u give up on us? Did someone else write this book in the series? *shaking my head*. I purchase the book because I loved the series... Yes loved.. With an Ed... Past tense. The book was slow, she brought every character back that she mention in the other books of the same series and the &#34;romance&#34; portion of the book was predictable at best. It was a was a waste of money, I should have borrowed it from the library and save my hard earn dollars!
B009NY43NY|5.0|I started reading this series when it was titled Dead in Dixie. Which featured the first 3 books together in one hardback. That was it, caught hook line and sinker! The TV show is no longer anything like the books and is a bit of a disappointment. But, I so glad it gave this series the fan base it deserves!<br />I will NOT write any spoilers about this last book. I can say it ended the way I originally thought it would've. Of course I dismissed that ending or plot line after around book 5.....so I was pleasantly surprised by the ending. I feel any real Sookie fan will buy this book without hesitation. Hell, I pre-order every book as soon as it's available. This book was worth the lack of sleep and mental distraction it took to read it in less than 24 hours!!<br />Thank you Charlaine Harris for rekindling my passion for reading! I give this 5 STARS!!
B00BP4Z8XY|5.0|What a great kids movie. Watching it, I thought it was just okay, but when you get to the ending, it just makes the movie. Almost like Despicable Me, If you enjoyed Despicable Me, you'll love this one.
1449437524|5.0|I loved this comic and when I saw that it was being made into a keepsake coffee table book I had to buy it.<br /><br />This is a must buy for dog lovers everywhere. I promise that it will bring a smile to your face when you read it and a tear to your eye at the very end. It is worth every penny.<br /><br />I even bought some copies as gifts for friends and family members that have pet dogs.
B00BUCW54Q|3.0|When it was first announced that Jack reacher would be played by Tom Cruise I was not happy. I will say he did an okay job in the movie. [...] To me rest of cast besides Duvall was doing a lot of over acting.
B009UX2YAC|5.0|This is an amazing game. I would compare this to temple run, but that would be an insult to subway suffers. Great game!
B000FA675C|5.0|It's a close tie for me between Angels and Demons and this book, real page turners.  You do have to be alert when reading though or little clues get past you.
B001DM1VXE|4.0|This is a stunning movie by Darren Aronofsky with a unique vision, but it is not for everyone. Shot in sharp, grainy, bold black and white, it is the story of an obsessed mathematics whiz named Max who might be more than slightly mad: he triple locks himself in his apartment, avoids people like they're infectious and works continually upon a complex self-made computer named EUCLID in order to unlock secret patterns in the universe. He knows this order exists, though his only real friend and mentor Sol Robeson (Mark Margolis) insists it doesn't. Max, however, sees it all around him: in the newspaper, in art, in the swirls of cream in his coffee -- the only problem is he isn't sure what it will look like when it comes.  He certainly doesn't think it will look like this long tangle of numbers his computer spits out, even one 216 numbers long.<br /><br />An unfortunate sign he's on to something, however, is that people will not leave him alone. They're following him, constantly, and the tension is driving him mad...his migraines seem to slice into his brain. If he's lucky, he just blacks out after a few agonizing minutes. But lately he's been seeing things: dark visions of bleeding men and dark, angry people, leering faces, and he's also hearing horrible, discordant noises that batter him from within. Those trying to cling to him believe he is onto something - while some market traders have indeed been tracking him in the hope that Max will make them rich, some Kabballistic Jews are on his tail in their belief he may just be able to help them discover the true name of God...a 216-number sequence.<br /><br />It bears mentioning that I have seen, and admired, two previous Aronofsky movies - [[ASIN:B00274EYKY The Wrestler]] and [[ASIN:B004U8VWLE Black Swan]] - which I thought were terrific.  Some years earlier I had quit watching one - [[ASIN:B000RZAENG The Fountain]] - which I felt was interminably dull. Yet I found PI to be enthralling; I began it an hour before midnight after a long day and told myself I would just get a taste of it and turn it off when I was tired - yet the first moment I even thought of what time it was occurred about seven minutes before the credits rolled. I had been thatenthralled.<br /><br />What is accomplished most successfully here is Sean Gullette's portrayal of Max with all his \\"frayed edges,\\" a man whose bright, facile mind fuels his pyrotechnic manias, and it is indicative of Aronofsky's skilled direction that we often feel we are seeing the world through his eyes. This presents, of course, its own problem: as anyone who has taken a literature course knows, Crazy Man = Unreliable Narrator. But we have enough to go on here to realize that it doesn't particularly matter if EVERYTHING Max is relating to us via his narration is true; the story as I have related it to you is enough to carry the day. Max is brilliant; his computer program is inspired, and he is an untapped source others want to use to their own ends.<br /><br />Another note: cinematographer Matthew Libatique deserves a great deal of credit...the stark contrasts and almost overdeveloped film are symbolic of his rigid view and his anger at those in his way, as well as the fact that for him, the \\"answers\\" are, indeed, black and white...clear...like math. Likewise, credit should also go to Clint Mansell, who put together the musical score - it's full of strident, chaotic electronic music, IDM and hip hop that thump and jar and epitomize the jangling paranoia and rage and tension evident continually.<br /><br />Of importance, too, is the fact that the ending is satisfying. Aronofsky settles the issue, and the movie will present a resolution. Like Max, we the audience get to come to a place where there is an understanding.<br /><br />(A NOTE: if you give a negative review, please leave a comment to help me do better next time.)after a long day and told myself I would just get a taste of it and turn it off when I was tired - yet the first moment I even thought of what time it was occurred about seven minutes before the credits rolled. I had been thatenthralled.<br /><br />What is accomplished most successfully here is Sean Gullette's portrayal of Max with all his \\"frayed edges,\\" a man whose bright, facile mind fuels his pyrotechnic manias, and it is indicative of Aronofsky's skilled direction that we often feel we are seeing the world through his eyes. This presents, of course, its own problem: as anyone who has taken a literature course knows, Crazy Man = Unreliable Narrator. But we have enough to go on here to realize that it doesn't particularly matter if EVERYTHING Max is relating to us via his narration is true; the story as I have related it to you is enough to carry the day. Max is brilliant; his computer program is inspired, and he is an untapped source others want to use to their own ends.<br /><br />Another note: cinematographer Matthew Libatique deserves a great deal of credit...the stark contrasts and almost overdeveloped film are symbolic of his rigid view and his anger at those in his way, as well as the fact that for him, the \\"answers\\" are, indeed, black and white...clear...like math. Likewise, credit should also go to Clint Mansell, who put together the musical score - it's full of strident, chaotic electronic music, IDM and hip hop that thump and jar and epitomize the jangling paranoia and rage and tension evident continually.<br /><br />Of importance, too, is the fact that the ending is satisfying. Aronofsky settles the issue, and the movie will present a resolution. Like Max, we the audience get to come to a place where there is an understanding.<br /><br />(A NOTE: if you give a negative review, please leave a comment to help me do better next time.)
B00CHIMG6Y|4.0|I enjoyed the movie because it showed how strong the human spirit can be to overcome obsticles & prevail in the end. That no matter what age, child or adult, they can overcome the bad stuff to get to the good for the sake of the people that they love.
B000QCS8TW|5.0|great book. cant wait to start the next one. why do i have to review this? i just want to read the next.
B00CHI5B7A|4.0|Gangster Squad stars two great actors in Sean Penn an Josh Brolin. Every movie lover should watch this movie. Check out my full review here [...]
193700788X|5.0|In this the final installment of the Sookie Stackhouse series we get to catch up with a lot of old friends.  This is a good thing because Sookie is in trouble again.  Arlene has managed to get out of jail and has been murdered and Sookie is the prime suspect.  She needs to find the real killer before what passes for justice in Bon Temps puts her away for life.  This event has shown Sookie just who her friends are and just how many of them she has.<br />There has been a lot of controversy regarding this book.  I trust Charlaine Harris as an author she has rarely let me down and didn't this time.  I LOVED this book and its conclusion.  I am thrilled we got to check in with some old friends. This book is for fans of the series I don't think you would enjoy it half as much without having read the rest of the series.
193700788X|1.0|***SPOILERS***<br /><br />I won't summarize the book because I can't - I couldn't follow the storyline in its convoluted, crowded and complicated glory. Suffice it to say that CH should have wrapped this series up a while ago - poor Sookie deserved a better ending than this book.  The villains were ridiculous and made no sense and even Sookie's voice was tired and worn.  Former flames and friends tramped through the pages in a bizarre farewell parade, adding nothing to the story.  And what happened to CH's ability to write a sex scene?!  This can't be the same author who wrote the hot shower scene.<br /><br />I hated it. I hated the storyline (dumb and confusing).  I hated the scads of people who came in and out and into Sookie's house.  I hated the crappy romantic plot (settling -- this is why we read novels -- to avoid realities of settling in life), I hated the dumb villains (I mean, really, CC?!). I hated the energizer bunny fairy (she's used the villain that won't die tick before).  I hated the attempt to have every single character in the series make an appearance in the final book.  I hated Sookie by the end - she was apathetic and just blah.  And so much for even having Hunter in the mix, a red herring, I guess.  The stupid &#34;vow&#34;.  How love turned to meh and no one could even bother to care.<br /><br />I'm disappointed that I spent the money on this series.
B003L20IJM|5.0|My girls (8 years old, 4 years old) love the Nanny McPhee movies and so do we.  This is a great sequel to the first Nanny McPhee movie and I highly recommend it for your collection.
0763644455|4.0|I tried to read this as a bedtime story- it didn't exactly take, as my kids are Mario and Luigi lovers.  The action is expected immediately- no sense for plot, yet.  I guess I will keep trying.
B009MYARIK|4.0|Couldn't put it down! I do wish there was more about Lorcan and Floss. Other than that it was great.
193700788X|1.0|Let me start with my first piece of advice.  If you haven't already bought this book, don't! For those of the readers like myself who had it preordered and were waiting anxiously for this final book, boy did we get taken.<br /><br />I think I need to get a life.  I was so upset about this book and the \\"HEA ending\\" that I literally couldn't sleep last night.  I have to admit it, I had become invested in some of the characters throughout the years and many books.  I really did want them to get a happy ending.  I don't think I can honestly say that any of them did.<br /><br />It seems obvious that the author had lost interest in this series and just wanted it to be done.  Talk about a horrible excuse for a finale.  The storyline was piecemeal and all over the place.  It seems like she threw every character from the series into the story, whether there was any reason for them to be there or not.<br /><br />Spoiler alert from this point on........<br /><br />I am shocked at how she treated Eric in this book. I admit I am one who wanted Eric and Sookie to figure out a way to be together.  And there certainly could have been a way.  But the way the relationship was handled was extremely poor.  I would have assumed an author would care about all her characters but she obviously didn't about Eric.  I am still saddened by the thought of him spending 200 years tied to a loveless marriage and away from home and all of his friends. He ended up getting a 200 year contract rather than 100 because of trying to do what he could to protect Sookie, and he got no credit at all. A couple of times in the book there was a one line platitude from Sookie about poor Eric. Wow.  Poor heartbroken Sookie! Not.<br /><br />She really didn't come across very likeable at all in this final book. And how she could end up in bed with Sam literally days after finding out that she and Eric weren't going to happen was totally a farce. In none of the story lines have there been any indication of feelingsbetween them other than friends. Now we are suppose to believe that days after she was so in love with Eric she has moved on to Sam?  Yuck. Double yuck. There is absolutely no chemistry between them at all and absolutely no build up to a relationship.  In fact, she is so shallow that it seems she thinks/thought she was in love with every guy she ended up going out with.<br /><br />I hated this ending and what she did to the characters in this book. They all truly deserved better.<br /><br />I wish I could rip this book right out of my head and I had never read it.  If you haven't already bought it, don't.  Just make up your own ending and save yourself the time, money and disappointment.  I wish I had.<br /><br />Edited to add I have requested a refund for this book, something I have never done before.  That is too much money for a book this bad. I am also cancelling my pre order for her next happy ever after attempt. I really don't care what the other people are doing for their HEA at this point.
193700788X|4.0|Not sure why this book is getting such poor reviews.  I too read them all and personally feel this and the last book were better than e couple before them.  Good quick read, nice end to the series.  I look forward to the 'Where are they now?' this Fall.
0395389496|5.0|Just what i needed for a gift to My good frienf that just became a grandmother.  Hope she has m.any great memories with this book for years to come!
B001P06GX4|2.0|This is NOT a game that will keep you interested for very long.  After several games with the same people you start to realize that this is not as fun as it seems in the beginning.
B002KKCWP4|1.0|I had a good review for my Tanza, but it was so only for like 7 months, after that, all of a sudden my pair of Tanza started to break appart. Please, be carefull, craftmaship is really poor now with this model at least. The straps came apart from the sole because of very poor glueing. Very disappointed. Teva is no more what it used to be and I cannot understand why they came to lower their standards. Is there bussiness in making short-lasting shoes? I don't think so. Done with Teva's.
B007BVOEPI|5.0|After reading the books I was a little hesitant to see the HBO series.  But now am happy I did.  The series is just as captivating and exciting as the books!  The characters are well played and true to their original depiction.  I signed up for HBO only because I want to see all the new episodes as they are released and not wait until after the season is over, as I had to do with the first 2. I highly recommend the series to everyone over the age of 17.  There are many scenes not appropriate for children.  That's what helps keep the series true to the Mr. Martin's original books.  Bravo HBO!!
B00B9LNLTQ|5.0|The RS review of this was not the most kind, but I am just loving the album.  Very catchy songs mixed in with ones that you might have to digest more than once to get into.  Are the Strokes sounding the same as they did in 2001?  No, but who is. The Strokes are making very interesting music, but can we just get a tour this year to support this record?
B0081X8AE6|5.0|Michael Kiwanuka has such a distinctive voice. I love it and I love this album. Mellow tones, beautiful melodies and that fantastic voice. Great lyric writing too. Music that touches the soul.
B00AQMSJI2|3.0|I use to play ALL the time! NOW that its so much harder neither the kids or I play that much! Change isn't always better!! If u ask me I think its boring now!!!
193700788X|1.0|This book was a total waste of paper. Very very poor story line to end the series on and so many mistakes, Charlaine should be embarassed. I will never ever waste my money on another book written by Charlaine Harris. I have wasted enought on the other 12 books in the Sookie Series. If I could get my money back on those I would do it in a heart beat !
B002CRJWXA|5.0|This box contains Brendel's first Mozart cycle, with Marriner and the Academy, expertly remastered and offered in the bargain-basement price range. As such it is excellent value, despite skimpy notes (in German).  Brendel's way with Mozart is well-known and often celebrated.  Not for him the expressive nuances of Perahia, Uchida or Barenboim.  Brendel's Mozart is vigorous, plainspoken and, at times, a bit prosaic.  In compensation, however, the listener gets a non-interventionist, but always stylish, reading of Mozart as near as possible to authentic performance practice as can be conveyed on a modern piano, with a modern-instrument chamber orchestra of appropriate size.  If that approach to these evergreen works appeals to you, then this set could function as a a fine \\"starter collection\\" of the Mozart Concertos (minus the four from KV 107 and those numbered 1-4, all of which derive from works of other composers, though they are arranged as concertos by Mozart himself). The set does include the two- and three-piano Concertos, nos. 10 & 7 respectively, though the latter is given in a very effective arrangement for two pianos.  Both are played with zest and imagination by Brendel and Imogen Cooper.<br /><br />Among the highlights of Brendel's cycle, I would cite the following:  6, 8, 9, 13, 14, 18, 19, 22, 23, 25, and 27. All of these remain free of the didacticism that could sometimes afflict Brendel's playing in the 1970's and 1980's. Few versions of no. 9 convey it's bold inventiveness as effectively as Brendel/Marriner, and I would cite that performance as the high-point of Brendel's cycle for this listener.  Nos. 20 and 24 are appropriately dramatic in a Beethovenian way, though occasionally the brittleness of Brendel's approach--and his tone--prove irksome.  That brittleness is also in evidence in no. 5, which is altogether too aggressive, and intermittently in nos. 15, 21 and 26 as well.  But I am not disposed to overemphasize these liabilities, for Brendel proves throughout this set to be a more than reliable guide to repertoire he obviously knows intimately and loves enthusiastically.  That enthusiasm ultimately wins the day, even in certain works where one might wish for a more gracious, lyrical approach.  For listeners who might find Perahia too delicate, Barenboim too personal, Ashkenazy too robust, and Uchida too introverted (among the complete cycles with which I am familiar), Brendel's collaboration with Marriner and the Academy at the heght of their collective powers might be your best bet.  Moreover, having a first-rate exponent of 18th-Century music at the helm assures that the orchestral contribution has the expert leadership it sometimes lacks in pianist-directed versions of these works.<br /><br />Altogether, a successful venture, strongly recommended, particularly in this price range.  Of course, every classical music lover and pianophile should at least consider obtaining certain Mozart concerto recordings that have deservedly acquired classic status--such as Edwin Fischer in many of the late concertos; Haskil in nos. 9, 13, 29 and 24; Serkin/Szell in 19 & 20; Casadesus/Szell in 21-24, 26-27; Curzon in 20, 23, 24, and 27; Gilels in 27; Kempff in 8, 22, 23, 24 and 27; and Bernstein (as soloist and conductor) in 15.  I would also strongly recommend Brendel's earlier recordings for Vox (particularly 25, 27 and the two-piano Concerto with Klien) and for Vanguard (9 & 14 with Janigro/Zagreb). Haebler's distinctive--if rather \\"dresden-china-ish\\" cycle with Rowiki for Phillips is regrettably long-gone, as is (I believe) Kraus's less consistently successful cycle with Simon and a pick-up Viennese Orchestra.  If some or all of those two cycles were reissued, that would be a benefaction for collectors.  Kraus's splendid versions of 12 & 18 with Monteux and the BSO is currently available for direct order from Haydn House, in good transfers (don't hesitate if you are an admirer of the pianist).oves throughout this set to be a more than reliable guide to repertoire he obviously knows intimately and loves enthusiastically.  That enthusiasm ultimately wins the day, even in certain works where one might wish for a more gracious, lyrical approach.  For listeners who might find Perahia too delicate, Barenboim too personal, Ashkenazy too robust, and Uchida too introverted (among the complete cycles with which I am familiar), Brendel's collaboration with Marriner and the Academy at the heght of their collective powers might be your best bet.  Moreover, having a first-rate exponent of 18th-Century music at the helm assures that the orchestral contribution has the expert leadership it sometimes lacks in pianist-directed versions of these works.<br /><br />Altogether, a successful venture, strongly recommended, particularly in this price range.  Of course, every classical music lover and pianophile should at least consider obtaining certain Mozart concerto recordings that have deservedly acquired classic status--such as Edwin Fischer in many of the late concertos; Haskil in nos. 9, 13, 29 and 24; Serkin/Szell in 19 & 20; Casadesus/Szell in 21-24, 26-27; Curzon in 20, 23, 24, and 27; Gilels in 27; Kempff in 8, 22, 23, 24 and 27; and Bernstein (as soloist and conductor) in 15.  I would also strongly recommend Brendel's earlier recordings for Vox (particularly 25, 27 and the two-piano Concerto with Klien) and for Vanguard (9 & 14 with Janigro/Zagreb). Haebler's distinctive--if rather \\"dresden-china-ish\\" cycle with Rowiki for Phillips is regrettably long-gone, as is (I believe) Kraus's less consistently successful cycle with Simon and a pick-up Viennese Orchestra.  If some or all of those two cycles were reissued, that would be a benefaction for collectors.  Kraus's splendid versions of 12 & 18 with Monteux and the BSO is currently available for direct order from Haydn House, in good transfers (don't hesitate if you are an admirer of the pianist).
B00AN0KBJC|5.0|The second season is the same high quality as the first. Nothing else needs to be said. I urge everyone to see it for themselves.
B0079R8KXG|5.0|Great case! Kindle stands properly and doesn't slip or slide. Nice bright shade of red. Strap and side clips hold Kindle securely.
B000003FD9|5.0|Here's a wonderful appreciation of Starker and his career: [...]<br /><br />A very good friend send me a CD where he had burned about 10 different versions of Bach's first Cello Suite.  I had heard of some of the cellists like Yo Yo Ma and Pablo Casals.  I had never heard of Janos Starker.  He's the one that I picked as the finest player and the one that moved me the most.  I don't remember if it was the Mercury or the RCA Red Seal version of the Suites.  I now own both and I couldn't pick which one is best.<br /><br />For what it's worth, my friend also sent me a similar CD with many versions of Bach Violin Sonatas and Partitas.  My pick there was Henryk Szeryng.<br />http://www.amazon.com/Bach-Sonatas-Partitas-Solo-Violin/dp/B000001GXY
B00A7YZ1KI|5.0|It is sad to finish a series you love but it was an amazing final book.  Thanks for the journey Charlaine.
B00AB7HESI|5.0|I love this game. a lot I wish I could play. it nonstop!! like amazingly awesome forever! loo lollipop lollipop
193700788X|1.0|SPOLIERS!!<br /><br />If you hate these books, lets all leave 1 star reviews on here and B&N for all 13 books so no new readers will be as disappointed as we are. Spread the word.<br /><br />To Charlaine:<br /><br />Please tell me what possessed you to make Eric such a likable character, building up his and Sookie's chemistry, only to deliberately tear it apart at the end and dump her with boring ol' SAM?? God even his name is boring. ERIC IS BY FAR YOUR MOST LIKABLE CHARACTER EVEN AFTER YOU TORE HIS CHARACTER APPART COMPLETELY. For at LEAST half the fans, he MAKES the story.<br /><br />There is clearly some kind of boring ass moral regarding Sookie and Sams chemistryless, boring, and normal hook up. So they live happily ever after, barkeeper and barmaid forever in a redneck hilly billy town. Yay. Gratz Sookie, its what you always wanted!<br /><br />You are a stubborn stupid woman Charlaine, just like you character Sookie. I don't give a damn if its your story. If its YOUR STORY WHY DIDNT YOU KEEP IT TO YOURSELF. Your writing has been increasingly sloppy and boring, just like Sookie has been increasingly strangle worthy. She is nothing like the charming Sookie we used to know. Your plots tired, cliched and an insult to the readers intellegence.<br /><br />I don't care how logical it is for Sookie to have changed in the way you have written her or how logical a mate for Sookie Sam is. BECAUSE IF ITS NOT ENTERTAINING DONT PUBLISH IT. If you are unable to find a balance between realistic and entertaining you don't deserve the title of author. If you tried to publish any of the mess you turned out these past few years as the first book, the editor would have laughed and used it as a door stopper right in your face.<br /><br />You may have been prepaid for these books, but know that the Sookie Stackhouse books will never have a place among the best and most popular vampire paranormal romances anymore, and good bloody luck trying to get yourself a place among mysteries.<br /><br />I will be writing 1 star reviews for all 13 books on amazon and Barns&Noble, discouraging new readers to not invest their time, love and money into these books. Whoever reads this review i encourage you to do likewise if you have also come to hate these novels.<br /><br />Have you no pride or shame to see your works get more 1 and 2 star reviews than 4 and 5 stars? FANFICTION writers take more pride in their work. You have made nearly your entire fan base very, very disappointed, sad and upset. I doubt you even care.<br /><br />Other reviewers, I just had to get that off my chest.
B002361MLA|5.0|This is one of the books recommended in [[ASIN:B00AQZ56SA Fear of Death: It's About Life, Actually]]. I've \\"understood\\" about being here now and being present for many years, but actually BEING it takes a lot of intention and practice!<br /><br />While I was reading this book, I was aware that Tolle repeats everything 3 different ways, but it didn't bother me.  In fact, I realized that, by the third iteration, his point had sunk in at a deeper level.  So this strategy of his is actually very effective.<br /><br />This is my FAVORITE book on this subject, and I absolutely recommend it!
0756405890|4.0|I ordered it used, and it stated like new, but the book has been wet in the past and dried. It's still readable though, so only deducting one star. Shipping was fast.
B009UX2YAC|3.0|Love the game but hate that it freezes up also this game kills time when your sitting at home with nothing to do
B001YYQ9SS|5.0|First off the quality of the movie was amazing coming from the blu ray; and I thought the DVD version was impressive. The movie did have a good story even though it was a little hard to understand. I also like the fact that it had the option of watching it with the Japanese voices with the English subtitles: I always enjoy that feature on any anime or japanese animation. The only thing I didn't like was that didn't not offer a blu-ray collectors edition in the United States, but that done not change my rating for the movie. I would recommend this movie to a friend and anyone who enjoyed final fantasy VII
B007SYWFRM|5.0|Fun for all ages. I really like how you can earn things inside the game instead of being forced to spend real money. Best free game out there. Go Gameloft! There are some minor technical issues, but they don't interfere with the playability of the game. They have added new content which keeps it fun and interesting. Also, the support is prompt and courteous.
B0046B1KHG|5.0|Truly love this movie makes the family laugh and we can watch again and again! I love that my kids can now watch it on the go. I would recommend this movies to everyone if you want a great family movie that makes you laugh:)
B0002VFXFE|5.0|perfect for the AMD 8350 cpu that I spent $164.00 on. It is worth every penny of it. Great Paste!
0470932139|5.0|This book is awesome! The author explains in simple terms, so it's easy to understand.<br />The pictures are really great too. Love Helene Dujardin! :)
B009UX2YAC|5.0|It is a very well thought about product. Many should be pleased to find its not just a running game it also has missions and other fancy attachments...
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I read this book when it was first popular. I hated it. But i went and read it again. (I had nothing better to read) after i started it again, i fell in love. This is now one of my favorites.
B009AMAJVO|4.0|\\"Love can heal the most damaged heart\\", Dead Man Down begins with a character saying these words, so it isn't too hard to guess that this will be the theme found within it. Which it is, and if the move had stayed with just that it would have been one of the best movies in a god long while, but it tragically unspools into an explicably silly action thriller by it's far too routine ending, however given the 85% or 90%  of the film that unfolds before it, I can with certainty say that Dead Man Down is quite a good film, one that threatens constantly to reach the level of greatness. However, it falls victim to current movie trends.<br /> Starring the always unswerving Colin Farrell as Victor, a small time mob enforcer harboring some potentially dangerous secrets and inner demons. He enters into a relationship with a neighbor named Beatrice (Noami Rapace) who also has a darkness of her own. Beatrice witnessed a killing carried out by Victor and even recorded it. Some time ago Beatrice was partially disfigured in a car wreck, know tormented by neighborhood kids who scrawl \\"monster\\" on her apartment door. Beatrice wants Victor to kill the man, who while drunk and driving, was responsible for the accident.<br /> This is the set up for a dark and fascinating neo-noir. In many ways Dead Man Down is a kin to the amazing Drive, a gutsy and fastidious attempt at telling an existential drama that is closer in tone and style to the classics of the genre than we have been accustomed to in recent years.<br /> Dead Man Down marks the first English language film from Niels Arden Opley, the Swedish director behiend the original Swedish language the Girl with the Dragoon Tattoo. Here he's reteamed with his lovely and exciting leading lady Rapace. Opley shows a great visual flair and is more than capable of telling a good or better story in the always fascinating world of noir.<br /> Working from a solid, but unexceptional script by J.H. Wyman. Dead Man Down comes with the promise of being a standard all-too familiar revenge sage, but for the most part it is so much more than that. A complicated character driven love story set to a backdrop of appropriate doom and gloom, it only surrenders to it's marketing campaign with a highly improbable guns-a-blazing ending.<br /> A lot of the credit rests on the shoulders of the movie's fine cast. Farrell and Rapace sell there characters to us so convincingly that we fail to question some the more obvious absurdities in it. The two talented and charismatic leads oodles with chemistry and Dead Man Down really comes to it's dark and convincing life when these two are on screen.<br /> Also very good is the underappreciated actor Dominic Cooper, who if more people had seen his excellent work in the Devil`s Double, I am convinced he would be a major star now and a leading man. Terence Howard also manages to be quite good, despite playing a rather one dimensional cartoonish villain. Adding to the cast are some nice familiar faces that we haven't seen criminally in a long awhile, Isabelle Huppert, F. Murray Abraham and Armand Assante.<br /> Some nice technical work is on clear display as well, Dead Man Down is nicely photographed by stylish action cinematographer Paul Cameron. The action scenes are agreeably edited by the duo of Timothy A. Good and Frederic Thoraval. An interesting looking production designed from Niels Sejer helps establish the noir atmosphere.<br /> All was in place for Dead Man Down to be one of the best movies of the year and a glorious American debut for the newly arrived director Opley, sadly it just wasn't meant to be and is never allowed to jell. Dead Man Down begins to crumple in it's last fifteen or twenty minutes as it becomes ever more ludicrously contrived and ends in a preposterous showdown that looks like it was ripped from a completely different and less imaginative movie.<br /> The over the top action conclusion should not have come as much of a surprise given that the film is brought us by the good people at WWE films, the movie branch of the world wrestling  entertainment.. It just seems so disappointing that it does, and because so much of the movie was just on the verge of excellent that it's unsatisfactory conclusion catches us off guard. It is also plainly unnecessary.<br /> I was willing to give WWE films the benefit of the doubt that they could be able to make a smart and complicated thriller without resorting to the lower standards they are famous for. However, this absurd and forced finale seems as though it would be more at home in one of their direct-to-DVD sequels to the Marine.<br /> Dead Man Down ultimately will leave any self respecting viewer unhappy and discouraged, maybe even angry, with just how close it came to being something truly special. A real tragic missed opportunity, but taking into account all the good that is here, this is still a first class entertainment and a worthy entry in the cannon of contemporary crime thrillers
B001C4CI8U|1.0|the outer box was damaged, the box keeping the DVDs was broken, & some of the dvds  in the boxset skip
B00CHSPB8Y|5.0|It's good but not as good as MINECRAFT. Iron man suits are really awesome.and if start to play and trying to earn all suits including the iron patriot then STOP LISINING GET OF YOUR LAZY BUTS AND PLAY.
B009GQ57ES|5.0|This album is full of great songs! Most have just a few good ones, but this one doesn't seem to have any bad ones.
B004AO1FF6|5.0|I would recommend this show to everyone who loves sci-fi, history, romance, adventure, suspense, drama, comedy...oh, yeah...that covers just about anyone. The writers are creative with their stories and I love how you can get lost in each episode --almost too hard NOT to watch the next one...like when you can't put down a good book...<br />How is Dave Tennant? Still brilliant.  Waiting for my own Timelord!!!
193700788X|1.0|I love Charlaine Harris and look forward to her next series but this last Sookie book fell flat for me... All the characters seems very one dimensional .. It wasn't even clear whether or not she would end up with Sam or not! Her heart just wasn't in it! Very disappointed and sad that such a great series ended so badly.
B009YN2M7S|5.0|As always another home run for Nicholas. Since the very first book he has been my favorite author and he still holds the title
B0067R0APK|5.0|I live in the foothills of the Sierra Nevadas . The weather here is very important to me.  I think that AccuWeather is the best weather app out there
B003O86FMW|3.0|Finished this one in a day, no willing myself to go to sleep instead of starting the third book tonight.<br />Will have read the whole trilogy in a matter of days.<br />And then what?
B00AQKEPMI|5.0|This one is definitely a keeper.  My grand babies really love this movie.  They could relate to the various story tales characters and really held their attention.
141690977X|1.0|I downloaded the audio version of this book AND LET ME TELL YOU... the male author is so freaking smug sounding. If he annoyed you in print, trust me, he'll have you smashing your earbuds into the ground.<br />I'm sick as all hell of these THIS IS HOW MEN ARE, DEAL WITH IT books. Ugh. What a waste of money.
B0000CNY27|4.0|The reason I got Escape From New York, because I thought about story in Street Shark 15(a story that am writing),where Street Shark, the Team, and a team of MPA Troops go on a rescue mission to save someone in a city that exist outside the U.S. turned into a prison. And this movie was brillant and makes me think its the future where some cities in the world turn into prisons.
B00BWBHIUG|5.0|my son is a toddler so he is into everything. this game is great for Dr appointment waiting, rooms! he can push buttons and still play with mommy's help.
B006ISG9XA|2.0|This is a famous book, so many people like it. But what do they like about it? One of the aspects would have to be the clever use of the English language, but that gets tiresome if the story isn't good. I read about 11% of the book before coming to the conclusion the author had had enough time to write something interesting. At that stage it was still a dull book, so I quit.
B005LAIIKI|5.0|if I had children, I wouldn't allow them to watch this.  Too much profanity; otherwise the movie itself was very interesting and funny.
B009NY43NY|5.0|I have read them all.  Sookie  ties up some loose ends with some folks you would be surprised are still out there.  She faces a great deal of adventure and trials with her witty and down to earth ways, shaved legs and tan included.  I will always hold these books in great esteem.  If you started this adventure you need to finish it with the whole cast.  This book needed to be written.  I am sad to see the end of this series, but I will never forget the adventures.  Thank you CH.  I will always love Sookie.
B009UX2YAC|4.0|Really good Game I love it and so do my bro and sis. My cousin recommended for the kindle. Just a heads up though you might not want to put the coin price so high. Other than that no flaws.
1439181780|5.0|Couldn't put the book down! I would read this book 3 times over again! I truly empowered me to do and gave awesome pointers on how to make my life more BETTER!<br /><br />Go Ahead Rhonda!
B00BN3EE1O|5.0|This movie is so good. I watched it as soon as I got home. The end has a great twist and it made me cry. I would tell everyone that likes books by Nicholas Sparks you will LOVE this movie, I do.
B007XF0X6G|5.0|great movie.  Very graphic and colorful.  Interesting but not as good as the first.  Though definitely worth adding to my collection.
B000XUBC5E|4.0|Good read. There are lots of twists and turns and the ending I would never had guessed kept me entertained.
B004ZMWUCU|4.0|I enjoyed this book. The story flowed with the characters with little hints along the way! Could`nt put it down
B000PDYVVG|4.0|On a journey of self-discovery myself, I wanted to read of another woman's experiences.  I enjoyed reading of her fears, her self-doubt and how she overcame them. A very uplifting read.
B00BF123WG|4.0|What can I say?  Usama bin Laden dies.  As Martha Stewart would say, &#34;It's a good thing.&#34;<br /><br />The acting was great and the suspense kept building.  No real Navy SEALS in the movie, but professional actors act much better than they did in Act of Valor.  I've seen it twice and would see it again.  It is NOT an action movie.  The only real action is at the end.
0375812024|5.0|Favorite book. Very busy exciting book engaging and interesting. He loves reading and this book definitely helped nurture his reading.
B007SZ0E1K|5.0|Used this processor on my latest rig paired with an ASRock z77 Pro 4-M micro ATX and Corsair Vengeance ram.  This processor flies and the built in graphics aren't too shabby either. I had to use them until I could pony up more money for my graphics card.  I could play Arkham City, Bioshock Infinite with pretty decent settings (normal to high).  Temps are very good for an ivy bridge as well.
B003L77GRY|5.0|One of the best seasons of Dexter. Though you'll miss Rita, the story gets involved quickly and never lets up.
B0000VCZK2|5.0|These photographs are from an ongoing body of work entitled Kokomo, which centers around my immediate family and hometown, a coastal suburb in the northeast.  Incorporating constructed dioramas, digital manipulation, appropriated family photographs and traditional photography, the work forgoes a diaristic approach to the subject matter, and instead builds an alternate reality over my own biography, abstracting the specifics of a personal narrative into an elusive, alien world.<br /><br />There is no distinction between landscape, portrait, or still life in the work.  The photographs phase in and out of genre, referencing notions of spectacle, queerness, and horror, while continually deconstructing and reconfiguring the roles of the subjects and the world they inhabit.  Linear time is collapsed throughout the photographs, blurring the boundaries between past, present, and future.<br /><br />Though an immensely personal body of work, specific details are rendered insignificant by new forms that emerge.  What remains are photographs of a town ruined by a storm, and a family getting old.
B000FC0SIM|4.0|Insightful and provides an honest perspective for aspiring writers. Would recommend it to anyone just starting out or discovering the magic of writing
0679890475|5.0|my son loved this book. Hard cover small version. Great read, my son loved it. very cute story a classic
B00BWBHIUG|3.0|The thing that keeps me from giving this game a better score is that you have to have something that they call pearls that are used as the highest form of currency in this game and you either have to wait a very long time to earn pearls or you can buy them with real money and they are very expensive. If they were a little cheaper I think this game would be worth it because it is very addictive but I wouldn't't pay $20 for the whole game so why would I pay that for some pearls keep playing.
B003L77G38|5.0|I have to say this was a great season. Thoroughly enjoyed it for the second time. Great to have it in Blu-ray.
B0051OZ564|1.0|Glitz but no glamour, no substance.  Crazy unbelievable action that is just in-cohesive.  The movie is like a puzzle someone put together where none of the pieces fit quite right.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|It is a very useful app. It also reminds me to read the Bible ever day and to talk about it. I love it.
B004UID2LC|5.0|I absolutely love this app. this is where i get all my music from. its very handy indeed. i suggest it to EVERYONE. this is one of many good apps besides the games :D
B00A8ECU24|5.0|Is ok<br /><br />I'm not kidding seriously. Reviewers if you don't like  mlp<br />Don't use this game<br />OkAy<br />Thank you gameloft!<br />!
B006LQQ1GE|5.0|I really enjoyed the music. Such creativity is rare. Not mainstream for sure, but who cares? Get it. Now. Okay?
B003TOMAPC|5.0|I love the unexpected and unlikely hero angle.  And it's full of other surprises too!  Funny, full of action.  Smart.
B0084B1T8Y|1.0|I hated this book(even though it was free).I liked the STERLING publishing A LOT better.They like copy the EXACT words of Kipling.This one is a piece of junk.The publisher shouldn't even have published the book(if it even is one)!I'd rate it a big fat 0 stars if I could.
030788743X|1.0|This is a book with a very promising premise that turns out to be nothing other than a gimmick, the publisher identifying a niche marketing segment and pushing something on them. There's no geek culture, there's just a geek market. The premise, the hunt through a massive on-line multiplayer game for riches, with all the clues and methods built around 1980s TV/music/video games trivia, is a concept that never rises to an idea. Cline demonstrates that he thinks dropping names of bands and TV shows makes for culture, exemplifying the geek-hipster idea of enthusiasm for collecting shiny things without any actual interest or pleasure in them.<br /><br />An example is the avatar name that the protagonist uses, Parzival, which he, as the narrator, explains come out of his knowledge of [[ASIN:B002PJL85K Excalibur]], John Boorman's excellent 1980s retelling of Malory. But using the name doesn't signify culture, it signifies hipsterism. The parallel between the search for the keys in the on-line game and the hunt for the Holy Grail is nothing more than that of a search for objects, there is no cultural equivalent between the riches that the key brings and the renewal and transformation of a civilization from paganism to Christianity that the Grail brings. \\"Excalibur\\" retells that story and weaves in centuries of western art that straddles this religious transformation, while \\"Ready Player One\\" borrows the name. If you want cultural ideas, you have to think them and then convey them, and Cline does neither.<br /><br />What he does do, interminably, is lecture: he explains every single thing that pops up, constantly tells rather than shows. He writes in an eager style that lacks any particular qualities and the book comes off as written by a slightly precocious adolescent boy. It's not at an adult level, nor is it written with the skill and understanding that a good adult writer brings to a YA novel. The dull writing and excessive telling mean that \\"Ready Player One\\" is about twice as long as it should have been -- there are some attempts at suspense, but Cline is unable to actually produce any tension or surprises, and it's a tiresome and dull read. Ignore the hype and the hipster affirmations from people too young to remember the 1980s, this is a terrible book.wice as long as it should have been -- there are some attempts at suspense, but Cline is unable to actually produce any tension or surprises, and it's a tiresome and dull read. Ignore the hype and the hipster affirmations from people too young to remember the 1980s, this is a terrible book.
B007GE2H3G|5.0|This is an awesome movie with a good amount of adventure action and fun for the whole family! I highly recommend watching it to everyone of all ages. The computer graphics make the characters look like real life people!
B005LAJ17M|5.0|Don't get Showtime. One of the best shows I've ever watched. And to have it on Blu-ray is excellent. Really great acting, great story, some of my favorite actors. What's not to love?
B009NY43NY|5.0|I am a fan.  Of this series, of this author.  I find mysteries she wrote years ago and I read them, just to hear her voice.  So there was no question that I would buy this book and see what she has to say to send off these characters -- characters I have loved and given time and space (brain, bookshelf) and money to over the years.  On paying $15 for a 350ish-page kindle edition: no regrets.  I wanted closure.  Writing this wonderful series, she has earned it.  After years of cagey remarks in print interviews, tv interviews, web interviews, on her website, in person (I was fortunate to see her on stage one time), about the magnificent Eric, the author has this book to give the last word on him (and so many others).  Don't you want to know what happens?!
B0094BB4TW|4.0|It works ok, however you do loose some functionality and you have to learn where all the controls are. Controls are hidden frm the primary screen for some thngs. My biggest gripe is the fact that it seems to want to take its own sweet time about doing anything. Doesn't matter what my connection is, or anything else, it does something only when it wants to, and not a minute before.
193700788X|5.0|I loved it! I understand a lot of fans were upset that the series didn't end as they envisioned. I'm having a hard time understanding the personal venom and attacks on Charlaine Harris though. it's one thing to say you were unhappy with the ending but to personally attack her and impugn her because you thought it should have ended differently is ridiculous.<br /><br />Frankly i'm surprised that people thought it was going to end differently than it did. I always thought it was a given that there would be no happily ever after involving Sookie & a vampire. Sookie never wanted to be a vampire & clearly wanted to have children. Yes there have been some continuity errors in the series along the way & I was always a bit sad that the spark between Alcide & Sookie never went anywhere. But the ending wrapped up with all of the characters making decisions & choices that were true to who they were and I think the ending was a fitting & proper ending to the Sookie story.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|I loved this book! It was mysterious and I never knew what was going to happen next! This is a great book and I would recommend it to anyone and everyone. I couldn't put it down.
B0016J81B4|5.0|I work in a group home where I'm basically part cna and part emotional supporter. I work 10-13 hours a day on all types of flooring covered in all types of gross stuff. I've tried a number of shoes over the years including danskos, birkentsocks, and keens. While the birkenstocks are my go-to shoe, they can get a little uncomfortable after about 8 hours or so. I've been looking for something to swap into in the later parts of the day. I also have one foot slightly wider than the other which makes finding comfortable shoes nearly impossible. Danskos and some keens don't work with my odd feet. Crocs are perfectly wide enough for both my feet. They do cause my feet to sweat a lot, so I cut out some holes where it looks like holes belong. My job doesn't require closed toes, but I think if I worked in a professional kitchen or clinic, I'd keep them sealed up for safety. I figured the risk was worth it for me.
B0060MYM3S|5.0|..even great as a tv series!! I recommend the series to anyone interested in kingdom-time type fiction. From my memory, the series does a good job following and summarizing the books.
193700788X|4.0|I just finished reading this book and I felt compelled to respond to the many negative reviews.  It genuinely was an enjoyable, fun read.  PERFECT for a rainy afternoon on the sofa.  If the reader was completely invested in a certain outcome - a predefined HEA as it were - then it may have been a disappointment; however, if the reader was willing to let things flow, it was just fine.  The ending was not really a surprise.  As this is a spoiler free review, the final pairing has been coming for the last few books in the series.  I thought the characters remained true to their personalities as the author defined them.  I get that there are folks who are completely invested in one or more of Sookie's boyfriends who have loudly and frequently sounded off on the boards about how the author got it wrong.  Whatever.  It is, after all, the author's creation and it is her would we visit so I think she gets to have the final word about what happens.  Throughout the series and even in this final installment, Sookie retained her sense of humor.  There was joy and sorrow, success and disappointment.  Was it the great American novel?  No.  However, I dimly recall being forced to read \\"great works of literature\\" in High School and college and don't recall liking much of any of them.  Except Homer's Odyssey. So I'm not put off by the fact that this may not have been the \\"best\\" Sookie novel of the bunch.  It wrapped things up fairly nicely.  I'll miss my periodic forays into Sookie's universe but it was a vacation destination for my mind, not my permanent residence. I look forward to Charlaine's new projects.
193700788X|1.0|How could the final book in a 13 book series be full of so many inconsistancies? It's as though the author didn't know the characters she herself had created! Reminds me of a TV series where the creators destroyed most of the characters in the final episode. Most of Ms. Harris' characters may have been left standing, but they've definitely all been destroyed. Waste of money and time.
B00CHSPB8Y|5.0|This is one of those endless runners except it flying around with iron man. There are some stuff to shoot and some stuff to dodge. Tons of suits to unlock and upgrade. Only complaint i have is that some of the suits like the mark 7 from the avengers movie cost a fortune to unlock so expect to put in some work for the more iconic suits. also, the environments seem a little repetitive. Besides that its a fun game well worth the $0 dollars ur spending.
B009ZQ8FQG|5.0|good, clean, family friendly tv series that taps into how even high class families deal with situations of everyday people.  love this series!
B000VSAEYI|5.0|I would definitely recommend this product to anyone. It was easily inflated using our air mattress pump and held enough water to splash and play in. My 9 month old and 2 year old and my 1yr old niece loved playing in it. The kids enjoyed the illustrations printed on the bottom of the pool very much and could easily get around in the shallow water. The included toys were a big hit in and out of the pool. The slide was a wonderful touch for my 2yr old. I set the pool on a tarp in our yard to avoid anything poking holes.
193700788X|1.0|What a waste: Bad storyline, ridiculous development of characters, heinous ending - it's unbelieveable that Charlaine Harris wrote such a thing. It's the deconstruction of the Sookie universe. Such a shame for Sookie - once a real character - now a shadow of herself! Don't waste your time and money.
B004GHNIRK|5.0|I think the most informative review on here is buy the user FantasyGeek. He/she hit the nail on the head. This is the hardest book I have ever read. I also think it's the best book I've ever read.<br />The Kindle version makes it much easier to read because of the built in dictionary -- you will use it often. Some of the chapters are formidable and challenging. For example, the chapters about Napoleon and the histories of monasteries and convents, etc... are interminable!<br />But don't let the historical chapters, the overall length of this book or the level of difficulty deter you. It took me well over a month to read -- reading a little every day! When I was finished, I wanted to read it all over again. Read this before you see the play, and most definitely before you see the new movie. You won't be disappointed.
B00B23O96A|5.0|Reviews for this CD were not very positive.  I cannot pass up a new Eric Clapton CD I love it.
B00CHIMG6Y|5.0|intense movie and truly an &#34;impossible&#34; situation and the fact that it's based on a true story....WOW!  highly recommend.  :)
B006MW3UZW|5.0|Wonderful,greatly acting. The story line keeps us on the edge of our chair. Had to make time to watch the whole series<br />One of. The. Most entertaining we have ever watched
B005K17RU0|5.0|Easy to use and customize.  Gives an easy to read overview of the week ahead.  Better than the weather channel.
1400069807|4.0|Very important book that everyone should read. It's interestingly written. It's ostensibly a history of the processed food business and not a dietary guide but I was rarely bored reading it. The science is easily understandable and the author never dwells too long on details that could get boring. In fact, the book goes down almost as easily as a bag of chips. Even though I often found myself gasping or clicking my tongue in surprise while reading this book, somehow I feel I should have known the information that's in the book. We all know processed food isn't good for us. We all know we should simply not eat it, but we all do, because we are tired or in a hurry or we want to reward ourselves. However, when you read how calculated the processed food industry's tactics are, you really feel duped. I consider myself intelligent, decently informed about diet issues and not the most gullible person but I never took the recent studies about the effects of sugar, fat and salt on the brain too seriously. The book has been eye-opening for me, and since reading it, I check food labels for the salt and sugar content. I haven't had a Coke. I finally feel like I might be able to get a hold on health issues as I get older if I simply try to cut out as much processed food as possible. I should probably keep a copy of the book lying around my house to reread and remind myself that I don't need the processed food.
B00A8ECU24|5.0|I think this game is a very good game for bronys and pegasisters as long as you love my little pony an  you know who nightmare moon in
B006MW3V6U|5.0|good, clean, family friendly tv series that taps into how even high class families deal with situations of everyday people.  love this series!
B00BR4QNJ0|5.0|This is a great game.....very addictive and highly time consuming.....I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys getting g lost in games
B00BG08FKK|5.0|This CD is great, especially since you can't watch the movie when you are driving or out walking, so this is a must have for any other Les Miserables addicts who have to, you know, leave the house occasionally and thus be separated from their Les Mis DVD.  I only have a tiny complaint and that is why did they cut the songs (Look Down and  the Bishop's first song, for example) but then include the battle scenes that are not sung but merely guns and canons firing? I don't get it.  And I, for one, have no complaints about Russel Crowe's singing...he sounds like a real cop would sound if your average real cop went around singing. I also echo the wish that they would have included the score from the closing credits, which is just beautiful.  Anyway, great CD set.  Five stars!
B009UX2YAC|5.0|I just bought it and I love it. I like how you can buy stuff with the coins you collect. You can buy characters,boards,and you can also do mission,so its always diffrent! This game deserves 5 stars.
B009PK9SB8|5.0|So excited to play around with this LCD touch bacpac, better than I expected! Did no expect 3 back cases to come with it, the waterproof touch one is awesome!
B0026BD2GK|4.0|This is one of the better Woodstock segment releases, the recording quality is about what you would expect, nothing marvelous, but much better or at least as good as anything from the weekend. The sets are very listenable and for the most part good song choices, with soul sacrifice topping off each set. If you're looking at this then you probably understand that sound quality isn't as important as the overall effect of listening to a slice of history. I rate this a buy.
B004QX07G4|5.0|Whether watching Ellen on TV, or reading her books, she always has a way of making me feel like I've known her for a lifetime.  I really enjoyed this book.  Casual, funny good read.  So down to earth, and real.  Loved it.
B00190N4E4|5.0|It was an awesome movie. It showed Gandhi in the most nonviolent protest way. Yes it was very good and educational.
0525953728|4.0|As interesting as this story is I felt that something went missing.  The 'something missing' may have been classified information that the author deliberately withheld.  As such, the story seems a bit incomplete.<br /><br />The author has tried to stay out of the weeds as far as politics goes but it isn't hard to read between the lines.  President Obama, who was undoubtedly provided information as to Bin Laden's location weeks earlier, dithered.  He finally authorized the assault but what else could he do?  Inevitably the circle of information was widening and it was only a matter of time before the public learned that Bin Laden had been located but Obama hand''t moved [kind of like Clinton with Bin Laden in Somalia and later Afghanistan].  A presidential election was around the corner and rumors that Obama hadn't acted would likely have spelled political doom.<br /><br />Therefore Obama took the chance, Bin Laden died and Obama took the credit.  The author more than hints that his brethren are none too fond of Obama but they are professionals, staged the assault, risked their lives, dealt with problems like a helicopter crash and THEY killed Bin Laden.<br /><br />Ironically, men who likely never voted--or would ever vote for Obama--helped him get reelected.<br /><br />The author isn't surprised that classified information was 'leaked' by the White House.  He is only surprised that vital information on the assault and the assault team was leaked almost immediately.  He never mentions the subsequent targeting of a Seal team helicopter by Taliban/Al Qaeda fighters with the loss of all aboard.  He never mentions that enemy targeting of the Seal team may well have been facilitated by political leaks from the White House.  As the old saying goes, \\"Loose Lips Sink Ships.\\"<br /><br />Administration--Obama--delays in dealing with Bin Laden gives us insights into Obama Presidential performance.  He has real difficulty in dealing quickly and decisively with an emergency.  A point is fact is the massive Administration failure in Benghazi on 9/11/12.  Again there are signs of Obama's 'leading from behind', a synonym for incompetence and dithering.  Rather than acting decisively to send military aid to the beleaguered Benghazi mission, there were unexplained delays--dithering--finally resulting in a full 'stand down' of prepared troops.  The Administration dealt indecisively during a full-scale attack by Al Qaeda inspired militants.  The Administration fell back on the specious LIE that the 'attack' was a home-movie inspired demonstration that simply grew out of hand.  Rice, Hil Clinton and--BARACK OBAMA--repeated this lie over, and over, and over during the next two weeks.  Judging by the results of the election more than 50% of the electorate bought the lie or, perhaps more likely, quite approve of Obama-Lies just as long as He continues to give them food stamps and cell phones.oint is fact is the massive Administration failure in Benghazi on 9/11/12.  Again there are signs of Obama's 'leading from behind', a synonym for incompetence and dithering.  Rather than acting decisively to send military aid to the beleaguered Benghazi mission, there were unexplained delays--dithering--finally resulting in a full 'stand down' of prepared troops.  The Administration dealt indecisively during a full-scale attack by Al Qaeda inspired militants.  The Administration fell back on the specious LIE that the 'attack' was a home-movie inspired demonstration that simply grew out of hand.  Rice, Hil Clinton and--BARACK OBAMA--repeated this lie over, and over, and over during the next two weeks.  Judging by the results of the election more than 50% of the electorate bought the lie or, perhaps more likely, quite approve of Obama-Lies just as long as He continues to give them food stamps and cell phones.
1401307787|5.0|great for meditation
B000003CMC|4.0|I read where some people complained about the Mountain Jam track, if you're somehow only looking for hits or 3 minute songs, stay away from the live albums. In fact I'm not sure why you would be shopping for ABB at all? Ridiculous.<br /><br />Onto the album in earnest, I love this album and the jam, that's what ABB does so well. However if you don't own &#34;Live at the Fillmore East&#34;, you need to buy that first, it is THE live album and THE album that defines this group.
B00B22IJXK|5.0|This app is wonderful . It takes boring pictures and lets you create amazingly beautiful pictures yourll want to share with everyone . I hope you consider buying . Its worth its money
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Great app for study, journaling thoughts or prayers and daily quiet time. I recommend this app to help stay in the Word daily.
B00AJAFNIA|5.0|A little slow at first, but it's a great game to sit and play for like 5 minutes at a time.
B000069KGM|5.0|This album amazing, their first release and a concept double album, extremely well crafted, not all radio hits, but all genuine treasures. In other words, you don't have to be a serious fan to find nearly all the tracks very much pleasurable and exciting.<br /><br />This album has its share of radio hits but also some other equally important tracks, overall there is energy and craftsmanship on every cut. If you're a fan at all this is a must have album.<br /><br />I'd also suggest: The Very Best of Chicago
B0091REZMW|5.0|I like hidden object games and being as though i have two kids i dont mind the wait for nrg
B0091REZMW|3.0|I am have some issues like not being able to connect to Facebook but that that big of deal I guess ..... I do like the game
B004KKXMSI|5.0|old movies you either love or hate... new blu-ray format that really adds nothing... but if you love these movies , it is a nice neat set of three at a nice price.  the quality is excellent.
B009UX2YAC|5.0|This game is amazing it changes the location and adds more characters and boards every time it updates. You should definitly get this app it works on kindles, i pods,i phones and i pads.
B0079IJ0R0|5.0|This a a wonderful performance of Carmen. Elina Garanca owns the role with magnificent singing and great acting and dancing as well.
193700788X|1.0|I don't normally like to give one star reviews of books that I have read, unless the book is truly awful, and has no redeeming qualities to speak of, in my opinion.  Well, this is one of those books.  Initially, this series was one of my favorites - right up there with J.R. Ward's Black Dagger Brotherhood and Jeaniene Frost's Night Huntress series (love Bones!).  Unfortunately, after book 9, the series started to lose the spark that I loved, though I forged onward and continued to buy and read the books as they were released.<br /><br />Now, after reading this lame excuse for a series ending, I have to say it is one of the worst books I have ever read. What an unbelievable, disappointing, awful letdown after loyally following the series through 13 books.  It is not just the character assassination of beloved characters that disappointed me, but it is the total lack of continuity and disregard for the rules the author created for Sookie's world in the beginning, then decided in the last book to break so many of them, just to fit her pre-conceived idea of making Sookie end up with the character that she wanted her with.<br /><br />It did not feel genuine at all, and felt like it was forced upon the readers, almost as though the author was thumbing her nose at her readers and saying, \\"Ha, I know you won't like this ending, and you think Sookie should be with someone else, but I am the writer and I will do what I want. So there!!\\"  That is how it felt to me while reading it, and that is how I still feel after finishing it.  Yes, I understand it is her world, and she has the right to pen what she wants, but at least please try to stay consistent with the rules you created throughout 12 books, and don't break them without explanation in the last book just to fit the ending you decided you wanted.<br /><br />So, yes, the author has lost yet another loyal fan who stuck around all these years, and purchased and read all the books.  I will not read any more of her works, norwaste any more money on her books. They are now dead to me.
B007HC3LHS|5.0|I really enjoyed this book, it is suspenseful and kept me guessing aobut how things would turn out the whole time.
B008476HBM|5.0|One of my favorite stories. I have seen the movie version and read the book hundreds of times. Love it.
B00992CF6W|5.0|Well I don't like it I Love it it is amazing for trips and car rides so we can entertain ourselves!!!
B005LAIHY0|1.0|Strange movie in that it's as if they couldn't decide in what direction to go, so like the Frankenstein monster they decided to put different pieces into a story and instead of a script they created a series of scripts that go nowhere.  Great effects, no character development, no emotion, no human touch.  Just a cold piece of work, so that when something happens to any one of the characters--you just don't care--there's no feeling.  It's a dead movie.<br /><br />Another thing that those thinking about purchasing this movie should be aware of is that the digital download is for ITunes and Ultra-Violet only--no PC.  I didn't know this and it wasn't mentioned so I returned it.  They lead you to believe that you can download it to your PC, but once you get to the end of the tunnel, you learn the truth.
1419702238|5.0|my son love the book he haved all colection ,perfect book for kid.yong all ages.and family to .a plus it funny
B00571F26Y|1.0|Why would this book all of a sudden not be available for me to continue reading?  It was there, then it was gone.  VERY disappointed, especially since I PAID for this!!!
B005ZMUZDU|5.0|This has got to be one of my favorite movies of all time!<br />I love that Mulan isn't afraid to be herself and fight for her family.  Definitely a movie that I will encourage my future daughters to watch.  Strong female leaders are far too few!
193700788X|1.0|I have read this series with such fervor.  And could not WAIT for the last book.<br /><br />What a disappointment.<br /><br />Entire story was ridiculous.  It changed the rules of several of the prior books and made Eric to look like a whiny baby.  And Sam?  COME ON.<br /><br />I would have rather she be killed off -- sent to Fae -- something.<br /><br />And I don't think it answered all the questions that needed to be addressed.  Their could be several more books -- what about Amelia's baby?  Does Eric get out of his contract?  What is the backstory of Karin?  Does Eric have other children?  What will happen to the young boy that is a telepath?<br />on and on.<br /><br />Sad to end like that.  Sad
B006DJ2JSI|2.0|I did not like this app very well. What may work for some does<br />not always work for others.<br /><br />Thanks Anyway Amazon!
B00BEZTMFY|5.0|It was great. Saw it in the theater and it just as good as that. Can not wait for the next one.
B003VWU2WA|5.0|I originally bought a 3DConnexxion (at 3-4X the price) and while the Connexxion does much more than the Powermate, if you only need a few controls (on\off sound and volume control for example), this is the cheaper and easier of the two.<br /><br />My one complaint: I can not figure out how to turn off the blue base light.
B00BJA2VFW|5.0|I have been playing this on my Kindle Fire HD for days.  I absolutely love it.  It's very similar to jewel quest, but I feel it is a lot more fun. The picture quality and graphics are awesome (again, on my Kindle Fire HD). I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys Bejeweled/Jewel Quest.
B008TMA1LY|5.0|Kids like it , great app for Kindle Free Time to keep the children out of your apps and under a controlled environment.
B007URVZJ6|4.0|There were some areas that were not really clear for me concerning the title page.<br />I am just finishing converting a series of 6 books on sales to kindle format and will know when I actually put them on kindle.<br />Looking forward to it.<br /><br />Wayne S
B00BR9VRFU|2.0|The book is great.  I have had it in many editions and kids love it.  My problem is with the price.  The back of the book lists a price of $4.99, the book was sold at $13.98.  I wanted the board book edition I just feel like I was jipped with the price.
B00BQ1DBUS|5.0|ROD STEWARTS NEW CD TIME IS GREAT !!! AFTER 20 YEARS ROD STILL HAS IT ..MY FAV SONGS ARE ITS OVER & CANT STOP ME NOW ..I LOVE THE REST OF THE AS WELL ..KEEP ON ROCKIN ROD
B009ZZDNT6|4.0|The alarm is great..but if your kids turn the volume down on your kindle .... it also turns down your alarm.
B00A83075M|5.0|We got this for a gift for our daughter, and we watched it with her.  This movie has a BIG message to it, and I actually ended up crying it was so cute.
B009NY43NY|3.0|I can't even come up with the words for this review. This is the ending? Really? Like this is the thanks we get for reading the whole series and being loyal readers for all these years? It was a mighty disappointing end to what started out as a wonderful series. There are so many things that irked the hell out of me but I'll just concentrate on the biggest problem- Sam? Honestly? And Eric left to marry the queen? I'm just left feeling like these are not the same characters we met in the beginning of the series. I understand that they've been through a lot over the books and that people change but lord, I felt like I didn't even know what was happening by the last page. I'm sad- thats all I can say after reading this..
B00BQPEIT2|4.0|Fun for adults and kids.  I like the challenge of reaching new areas and upgrades.  Th&eacute; graphics are amazing.  I am looking forward to new Temple Run games in the future.
B004UHL9EK|5.0|This timer is easy to use. It has so many features. I use it to help me when I am exercising and  have to do it for a set amount of time.
B00A8KJK7G|5.0|Got this for a Birthday gift for our daughter.  Of course, we watched it with her.  This was just such a cute, and heartfelt movie.
0765325950|5.0|The final book in the best fantasy series ever? Yup.  An amazing conclusion to a series I've read my whole life? Heck yeah. Read it now, I promise you'll love the whole series.
B0094BB4TW|5.0|Since the new update it works perfectly on my kindle fire hd and when im in a area without wifi it shows the news feed still with out wifi!
B009NY43NY|1.0|I won't give anything away but I am sure you have figured out what happens in this book but I started reading it, stopped because I was getting mad. Continued reading, tossed my Kindle on the floor and said many colorful words. Really? Uncool! As a writer, I think it's crap what CH has done to these books. And this is a poorly executed \\"ending\\". I saw that she has another book coming out and I am not even going to bother with it, unless, she plans on rectifying the situation.
B005LAIIFS|5.0|This was a gift for Easter from the Easter Bunny for our daughter.  She loved it.  And, it has a great theme for real life things too.
B004GHNH7Q|1.0|I am extremely disappointed with the product I purchased which I had thought was a copy of To Kill a Mockingbird but instead is a series of essays on that book..  I really want to read the book itself- not the commentaries of others.  If there is any live person reading this who might be able to help me correct my mistake I would appreciate their help. Thank you.
B009IEXKXI|2.0|I couldn't get through it.  Contrary to what some reviews have said, I don't feel the science or facts of the story are realistic at all.  One example, the idea of spreading human feces on martian soil to add microbes needed by plants doesn't make a lot of sense.  The variety of microbes in the human gut are completely different than those in soil that support nitrogen fixation in plants.  Most of the science in the book is similar, it sounds reasonable to the lay reader but it's clear that the author isn't a scientist but has done only the minimal amount of research necessary to write a story that sounds scientific.<br /><br />Someone stranded on mars in these conditions would surely die.<br /><br />I should say that I work in research biology so to most people this might be a fine book to read, but it bothered me to no end.
B00992CF6W|5.0|good game and freaking awesome I love it so awesome like creepers and zombie I captured a zombie and made a cage under ground with my house for the zombie
B003TJ4YUQ|5.0|If you've heard only one song by just one of these performers/musicians and have FELT it in your soul, this is something that you'll find yourself listening to almost daily. Nothing can compare to these people and their music....a very humbling and motivating experience.
B00992CF6W|5.0|Omg this is just a game of awesomeness like u must buy it to see how awesome it's is like I just omg it's cookbook awesome like like a game of games I love its so worth ur money to use
B005K17RU0|5.0|Happy with this app. Would highly recommend. I like that they offer  hourly reports as well as feels like information.
B001CC7PP8|5.0|This was a Great experience.  Would definitely do it again.  Everything was described accurately.  Item was here in great time.
B00004VXF2|1.0|I got this album when it came out in the 70s.I really liked lou Reed. This was a slap in the face of his fans. It's been nearly 40 years and l'm still pissed. Never bought another of his work.
B00CHSPB8Y|2.0|when I go onto the game it loads and then it goes back to my home menu.  fudge, when I got this app I really wanted to play it!
B00A9T1HUO|5.0|It came on time & was in good condition. I recommend this CD to everyone who loves Josh Groban. I reallyu enjoy his singing.
B002ZG974M|5.0|This was a Great experience.  Would definitely do it again.  Everything was described accurately.  Item was here in great time.
B004P1JDJO|3.0|Common sense self help.  Includes some scientific studies to give weight to conceits we all tend to function by anyway.  If you are already self-motivated, you don't need this book.
B000L3CHC0|5.0|I have earlier used Japan watches e.g. Seiko and Citizen but now I wanted to make reasonable investment to Swiss watch and I haven't disappointed yet! Tissot PRC 200 looks and feels luxurious but it doesn't cost too much! I can easily recommend Tissot PRC200 premium watch for everyday usage. Very good value for money!
B00AG6Z92C|5.0|It came on time & was in good condition. I love the CD! I recommend this for everyone who enjoys Andrea Bocelli.
B000FVQLQQ|5.0|This was a Great experience.  Would definitely do it again.  Everything was described accurately.  Item was here in great time.
B00BW5K5DO|1.0|This product is mislabeled. Should have demo in the title since that is what it is. You only get about 7 or 8 levels before it stops and wants you to pay for the full version.
B003XF1OJK|5.0|This book is very good. If you like science fiction;you will love this. This book is filled with intense action to a little mystery that makes you not want to stop reading.
0307476073|4.0|This book started out pretty slowly, and once I put it down it was hard to pick it back up again.  But I found that once I was a page or two in, I was hooked and would end up reading 20-30 pages in a sitting.  She has a comical way of telling her story, and I would kinda like to meet her :)
193700788X|1.0|*****SPOILER*****<br />Seriously? You spend twelve books hinting at and then actually building emotional attachment to Eric and in the last bit of the thirteenth and final book of the series take a sharp left turn (with a few very lame hints that I was ignoring on purpose because I couldn't imagine that was really where she was heading) and completely disregard all of it? Not quite as pissed as I was when I read the last Eragon book but it's up there. At least I didn't contemplate throwing this one in the fireplace. Could have something to do with it being on my Kindle though. Off to the used bookstore with the rest of the series.
B00AEJM6H2|4.0|I'm still trying to figure it out but it's fun. Game runs smoothly with no glitches<br />. Life is good
B009NY43NY|5.0|I enjoyed a leisurely read through the final Sookie Story...anxious to learn how relationships would be resolved and where Sookie would be headed.  There had been so much heavy handed action by Eric- would he just force the issue and turn her?  Sookie and Pam had gotten to be friends.  A sisterhood that surprised them both, and played into Eric's feelings.<br /><br />Sookie had also gotten much more involved with Pack matters...and there were so many stunningly handsome shifters around her. Alcide had another failed relationship, and a Tiger from her past returns.  She's also saved Sam...her original shifter friend who has had her back just as he has had his from day one, page one.<br /><br />True Blood has taken some stories from the series, and many characters behave as expected.  Some characters are new and the plot lines take a decided turn...so the book fan is looking for threads to pull back into the original plot.  We are happy to still see Lafayette, instead of him being dead way back when!  We like the actor and the character he created is more colorful than our original imaginations.<br /><br />Most of all, Sookie and friends have become family over the years of reading.  Knowing this is our last look... we want to know if she ends up with one of the guys, is her future hopeful, are her friendships secure. Will she forever be pulled into someone's problems or can she enjoy friendships, children, home, love, safety and sunbathing?<br /><br />To all you negative people...I say you could never have written such interesting and strange books and kept the details straight...While this wonderful writer wrote multiple series of mysteries AND had to deal with HBO changing details in early books that people would just assume were part of the original series.  Not all readers started with the first book, and then got upset when the author completed her intentions and they did not match that reader's vision.
1400067820|5.0|Just buy \\"Fooled by randomness\\" and \\"The Black Swan\\" then read them or read or/and listen to the audio books and them buy them then read them again, once you have done that start reading this book! This is a true treasure for everyone who understands more than 20% of the book.  You might decide to use it as a manual or a personal Philosophy ! No book written for the past 100 years encompasses so much knowledge and yet, despite all the dense material,  keeps you utterly entertained by Taleb's remarkable sense of humor who in my opinion is one of the great thinkers of our time.<br /><br />If you decide to read only one book in the next 10 years let is be this one !
1616550414|4.0|Book is great and filled with many drawing of the series with an in depth timeline. This wasn't my original order, I had to order this after amazon had cancelled my limited edition preorder when they filled orders backwards.
B009NY43NY|1.0|This was a big disappointment. Even if the ending was not to my liking, at least she should have put more effort into it.  It seemed that it was written in a hurry. I was so sad that Sookie did not end up with Eric. I am going to have to think twice before purchasing and recommending another Charlaine Harris book.  This is a big letdown. I just sent my ebook back for a refund.  I have never been so disappointed about a book and author.
B00C7TAF3Y|5.0|I like a game that makes you think.<br />It's also nice to get a nudge in the right direction if you get stuck.
B00AREIAI8|5.0|my four year old daughter loves this game. its easy and fun for her. she can manuver throughout the game with no help.
B003QCNFN8|4.0|I like pretty much all the songs on it. Seems a lot more modernized from other Ozzy albums, but it's not bad really. Long time fan of his music from back when he played with Randy and also Black Sabbath.
B00A8ECU24|4.0|This game is awesome. It helps kids and anybody else who plays make responsible choices. You learn to spend money wisely. It is very fun.
B0043RSK3K|5.0|Written in a matter of fact style that does not have a agenda. Find out the back stores of all you thought you know about the history your father and teachers told you.
B003XVYLDU|5.0|What can I say? It's a truly enjoyable experience. Hard to believe I waited so long to pick this book up. Slaughterhouse five is a must read.
B009IRVSVQ|4.0|There is a parental advisory on this album and I would take not of that! A lot of the songs have lyrics about sex, which is fine for adults, but not really appropriate for a younger audience, so if you're looking at this for middle school-lower high school aged kids, just be aware of that.<br /><br />As for the album itself, the songs are great, his voice is amazing, and the mix of upbeat to ballads and slower songs is perfect!  I enjoy all of the songs on this album and listen to it regularly (without my kiddos in the room!)
B000W7JWUA|4.0|This game is very fun to play! Its fun with 3 people but would be better with more. Kinda steep price but its worth it! Would highly recommend to anyone!
B009NY43NY|5.0|The end of a much loved era.  Ms. Harris manages to tie up every loose end, providing explanations, if not justice, for all the characters we've come to love (or loathe) throughout the Southern Vampire Mysteries universe. An expected ending is spiced up with excitement, and nothing could be more fitting for Sookie lovers.  Thank you Ms. Harris, for creating such wonderful stories.
B00B7IJDMA|5.0|Addicting show, couldn't stop there.. Had to own the CD as well. Received it immediately and couldn't wait to play it. Played beautiful and the case was in excellent condition. Not even a scratch. Can't wait for a volume 2 & 3. Don't know what I'd do without Amazon...
B002NZK5TG|5.0|A classic I have to have in my collection. There is so many big name actors in this movie when they were just starting out. A movie that needs to be passed down in the family
0307719774|5.0|Answering a question every day of the year for five years is such a fun idea. I'm looking forward to filling this up and looking back and see how I've changed. They are good questions too. This is a perfect book for someone who is going to go through a life changes (school, job, marriage, baby).
B004LZFWJO|3.0|I would give this game a five if it was not for the word sweet that shows up on the screen and blocks my view when I'm trying to see how to make the next move. Hope this can be changed.  Otherwise I really enjoy this game
B001C08RHA|5.0|I love all the  marvel movie, it played great and had no problems with it. Thank you for good savings.
B001ECDVKE|5.0|A classic I have to have in my collection. There is so many big name actors in this movie when they were just starting out. A movie that needs to be passed down in the family
B0083GQKQG|5.0|completely drawn in from the beginning, great story line that weaves present story with past details, would highly recommend watching
B0078X2LKY|5.0|My three-year old loved it. He asked me to read it three times in a row and laughed every time.
B003O86FMW|5.0|I don't know what took me so long to read this trilogy. I have never read any set so fast. Can't wait to read the third and finish the story
193700788X|5.0|I have always told people, that if I had the choice to befriend Bella Swan(Twilight Books), Elena Gilbert(Vampire Diaries Books) or Sookie Stackhouse, I would want Sookie Stackhouse to be my best friend, hands down.  So I was very excited when I had the opportunity to read 'Dead Ever After' this past weekend. And right away, when I read Charlaine Harris's words at the beginning, I felt her uncertainty. Meaning, I knew that she had written a book that would probably tick someone off.<br /><br />I loved the book! And I found it to be very realistic. Why? Because Sookie, at heart, is a kind human being. She'd do what she could for you, even if she didn't know you that well. And there is a point in the plot, where in which Sookie's kindness comes back ten fold. She will find herself in a very serious situation and the help she receives to get out of it, will come from the most interesting of people/beings.<br /><br />Sookie's love life ends in a very sensible way as well. After failed romances with vampires, weres and other assorteds, Sookie decides on the hardest working man in that town, that legally makes a living. Is he as exciting as some of the men she has known in the past? Maybe. Maybe not. But 'excitement', mad passion and all of the crap that goes with it, had landed Sookie either in the hospital or with her teeth damned near knocked down her throat. And what's realistic, is that there comes a time where a girl gets tired of nonsense, and just wants a steady guy, who keeps out of trouble.<br /><br />Now I hesitate to bring this up, because I do not approve of disparaging 1 star reviewers, when I am leaving 5 stars, and vice versa. But one of the comments that I kept seeing from the incensed 1 star reviewers, is the phrase 'Sookie doesn't grow. She stays in the same town, in the same job'.<br /><br />I would have to respectfully disagree. Sookie is now a partner in Merlotte's, she was left money that she is going to be getting in monthly sums for the rest of her life. And, sorry to be mean, ignorant or rude, but she's from the South. Do people from there really 'grow'? That confederate flag is proof enough, that there is a certain way that people from that part of the country, like to live and to keep living, for generations. So I did not expect Sookie to leave town, or pick a man, that was very different from herself, in the first place.<br /><br />I actually think that Ms. Harris should wear the bad reviews on here with pride. The only other time I can remember people being this upset, over a piece of fiction, was when 'The Sopranos' ended on HBO. An author should be so fortunate, as to create characters that cause this kind of discussion anywhere. Whether it's good or bad.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|This book was the best book I have ever read! I don't have a favorite part because the whole book was awesome! YOU SHOULD READ THE HUNGER GAMES NOW!!!
B005OYKI1I|5.0|vin diesel, the rock, paul walker!  they can just stand there.  i like how they brought the other stars back.  great story line as well.
B00B1ME3DQ|5.0|Another TRIUMPH by the worlds  greatest pure rock band! Neils vocals are pure and jp's drumming is the stuff of legend.
B00007ELEL|5.0|One of those rare films that gets better and better through the years, as you revisit.  A simple yet strangely complex comedy that captures some of that weird vibe of Los Angeles and it's bizarre denizens (circa '90 - '91).  Also contains what are among the best performances by Jeff Bridges, John Goodman, Steve Buscemi, John Turturro and several other fine actors.  Up there with the best & most bizarre of the Coen Brothers' work.  Other favorites for me are 'Miller's Crossing', 'No Country For Old Men,' and the seriously underrated 'Burn After Reading.'
B005LAJ23A|5.0|This series has lived up to all the chatter at work about it.  I can't wait to ge to the next episode.
B004HWYTP4|5.0|i liked it too. it's a great spy movie that men and women would like. no special twists or turns. easy to follow plot.
193700788X|2.0|This book was disappointing to say the least. Every past character was mentioned or viewed. The book blurb had very little to do with the book. I think things were tied up so what is the December book about? This is blatant money making. CH sold Sookie out years ago when she let HBO destroy the series in True Blood. Now she sold out in book form.
193700788X|4.0|While I agree with the low scoring reviews that Charlaine Harris has totally changed Sookie's ability to read shapeshifter minds (she always used to be able to read Sam's thoughts until this book) I felt the book was the ending that was plotted out all along.  If I was going to throw out a criticism it is that it was predictable but I gave the book a high score because this was the ending I wanted so I'm happy.  Sookie loves the sun, she always said she didn't want to be a vampire and it was only a matter of time until her and Sam were together - they are perfect for each other.  Anyway, Charlaine Harris - I'm happy!
B0049P1ZZQ|5.0|Heard a lot about the series, but had not watched it.  Did not know what I was missing. Great series.
B000VNMMR0|5.0|I made this purchase to add to my collection of DVD's and as always Bruce Willis never lets me down with his action films.  I want the entire Die Hard collection, so I will be making more purchases!
B008220C56|5.0|Just brilliant.<br />Joe Wright and company.<br />Watch for the interpenetration<br />of style and understatement,<br />of abstraction and palpability.<br />Musically - visually playful and innovative against murderous inevitability.<br />Watch for Gleeson, Vikander and Taylor-Johnson.<br />They, in one way or the other, must especially submit as<br />circumstance renders them ridiculous:<br />Something we understand too well.<br /><br />A revivification of cinema.<br /><br />Consequently, not appropriate for most viewers.
B004ZMWUCU|2.0|Lots of people ran terrible slave type orphanages so I'm not sure about her vendetta, but it's a definite thread throughout the book. Some cute parts but it definitely dragged and was predictable. Development of other characters would add depth.
B008JGSM6G|5.0|a friend told me to try this game, glad I did. very addictive. colors are bright. sound effects aren't annoying like some games. it is a great and fun game to play. some levels are hard to get through the first 5 times.
B000O78KW4|5.0|I made this purchase to add to my collection of DVD's and as always Bruce Willis never lets me down with his action films.  I want the entire Die Hard collection, so I will be making more purchases!
B000QJM8Z0|5.0|I think I've seen the movie version about 20 times - oh how we love Colin Firth and Hugh Grant and even Renee Zellweger. And then I finally decided to read the book. The good news is: I LOVED the book. There are a few parts that were not in the movie, so it was still a refreshing and fun read. The not so bad news: I kept picturing/hearing Colin, Hugh, and Renee (and her band of friends) as I read through this. The bad news: I think there were scenes in the movie that were not in the book. I don't recall exactly which, but I felt like I was having memory problems while reading the book and trying to recall the movie.<br /><br />Overall, if you've already seen the movie, all is not lost. Read the book! And then watch the movie again. Both are fun and worth it in their own rights.
B009NY43NY|4.0|I've read the complaints and the horrible reviews, and I'm going to have to respectfully disagree with most of them. Yes, it didn't end the way most people wanted it to, and sure, there was a host of characters that made a final appearance, but really, how many questions would arise if she hadn't brought them all into this last book? Didn't anyone besides myself wonder what happened to Steve Newlin or Quinn? I thought the ending was perfect too. I honestly didn't expect any other outcome. The one criticism that I would have to agree with (the reason for the 4 star rating) is that some of the characters did seem to be speaking in someone else's voice at times. They just didn't seem like themselves at all. Pushing that aside, it is a great ending to a great series. Well done!
B000FC13E0|3.0|I never bought the nanoswarms as a realistic villain, and Crichton is a little too matter-of-fact about the life-altering outcome of the third act. A bit plodding and bogged down with the scientific mumbo jumbo, and not enough effort put into building out characters worth caring about. Not one of his best by a long shot.
086547897X|5.0|If you are starting out in animation, this is the first book I would tell you to get. Every single basic action as walking, jumping, waving and so on are described in this book. Even if you are a very skilled animator, this book will probably have something for you to learn as well.
B004ZMWUCU|3.0|A story about an unhappy man trying to find his roots. After spending ten years in an orphanage he is adopting by a kind and loving couple.
B009LMTDL0|5.0|While particularly relevant to women that have attempted, with various degrees of success,to navigate the corporate jungle gym without selling our souls or our sense of self-worth; this book will resonate with anyone, male or female, who is concerned about our collective future.<br /><br />Gender parity impacts us individually and collectively. Sandberg points out that we all benefit when leaders arise from a broader and more diverse pool of candidates; unleashing the contributions and potential of women as well as men.  Many readers will identify personally with how women's opportunities and contributions are subtly (and not so subtly) diminished and discouraged; and how our own behaviors and deeply-held stereotypes can contribute to our own undoing.<br /><br />Sandberg makes a compelling case for the need of more women in leadership positions - for the betterment of everyone.  She goes on to define and analyze barriers that exist within our societal context, within traditional business structures, and within ourselves; with a great deal of practical advice along the way.<br /><br />My biggest personal 'aha' moment, was the study that demonstrated a direct positive correlation between success in the workplace and being 'liked' for men.  Yet, it is a negative correlation for women.  Women are often faced with tough choices between being liked or being considered too bossy (or that other 'b' word).  This is particularly devastating as women, more often than men, are likely to measure our own worth based on the opinions of others.<br /><br />Sandberg asks us:  What would you do if you weren't afraid?  Many of us have been afraid for so long, its difficult to wrap our heads around the possibilities.  The answers might surpise us.
B000P2A3WI|3.0|I liked this book, but I didn't love it, because at its heart it's a character study ... and I never really connected with the characters. They are certainly memorable, but not \\"real\\" to me in the sense that I think a book about suicide should be. They were more like types than actual characters, and often used to absurdist comic effect. A good book, but it doesn't quite hit all the right notes for my liking.
B0091REZMW|4.0|I have barely started playing this game. They want me to make a review so I'll make one before it starts asking me over and over In the future. So here I go. So far, it's decent the music is kind of weird in a good way, sounds more like a movie with aliens. Anyway back on track. It's more of a search for random things over and over type of game. (From what I see). Other than that I see nothing wrong with it. Oh well. I have nothing left to say. Love to the world. Take care of your self. Take care of others.<br /><br />Yours truly,<br />TRUTH
B00479SVBU|5.0|I have an old Jeep that has an AM/FM radio and plays cassette tapes--rather limiting! I still have some music on cassette tapes, but not much, so I needed a way to listen to more modern music. I tried an MP3 player, but it required earbuds. Then I had a CD player with an adapter that went into the cassette slot--what a pain that was, if I wanted to listen to a mix. This nifty little device solves all of those problems and I am very happy with it. I've used it with a USB drive and with an SD card and have had hundreds of songs to shuffle through. My neighbor liked it so well he bought several, for gifts.<br /><br />I tend to easily notice distracting noises, but I don't hear anything other than the music with this. I had it running within five minutes of opening it (the hardest part was finding an FM station without much reception). Even people who have good radio and CD systems would enjoy being able to put songs on a USB drive and enjoy nonstop personal favorites.
B007PT3QOQ|5.0|This game is really fun my brother says it isn't cause he doesn't like history but I love and this game great game gameloft keep up the work
B009UX2YAC|5.0|This game is so fun I luv how u can change your characters and how they have like gadget thingies like the bouncy shoes. The thing I like the best is that they have missions and daily challenges
B00B2V66VS|5.0|this is an awesome game!!!!!! its so kool.. its totally fun!!!!:) CANT BELEIVE ITS FREE!!!!!!!!!!!? U SHOULD TOTALLY GET THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!#LOVER OF TEMPLE RUN2!:):):):):):)(;(;(;(;(;(;(;(;(;&lt;3
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|this is a fun app.  just does the trick if wish to learn about moon phases and what the current moon phase is.  i will recommend this since i am keeping this free app.
B00BR4QNJ0|5.0|I thank it be  fun to have another one to have more fun in it I want make people happy than ever I thank is a good idea
B00C7TAF3Y|5.0|Once you start, it becomes very addictive to figure out the puzzles.  Well worth the money.  It's nice to have the hints, but take your time and look around.  If they come out with a room 2, I will definitely buy it.  This really a puzzle app, not for someone who is looking for a plot.  But if you love solving puzzles, this is definitely for you.
B009AOFNU4|3.0|This controller tries to do a lot. It is compatible to some extent with PC,Mac, phones and tablets.  Its also incompatible with quite a bit of phone and tablet games.  Part of this could be due to controllers being an afterthought in most of these types of games. However, wherever the blame rests, the functionality of this product is limited by the small number of games it can be used with.<br /><br />Hardware wise, it is a nice product. It's small but it isn't uncomfortable to hold and it has plenty of buttons.  It isn't really competitive with other controllers for the PC, a wireless Xbox controller is better there.  However the small size makes it easy to travel with.<br /><br />Overall, this isn't a bad product but the limited game support makes it hard to justify the cost.
B00A11AN6O|5.0|this is a fun app.  just does the trick if you wish to be creative with your photo on your table or when you use it in private enjoy some creativity.  i will recommend this since i am keeping this free app.
B00BLYFDO2|5.0|The last Stooges recording, with the dearly departed Ron Asheton at the helm, rocked off the scales. I always thought\\"The Weirdness\\" was Asheton's version of Raw Power, since he was relegated to Bass on that record. This while a new guitar hero named James Williamson got the glory. Any Stooges fan who doesn't get the inherent humor of \\"The Weirdness\\", with it's great snapshots of the real world(Greedy Awful People, My Idea of Fun)can now rejoice. They now have the album they've been waiting for. This is \\"Kill City\\" for the new mellenium or where \\"New Values\\" left off so many years ago. The fact that it really doesn't sound like a Stooges album is beside the point. I can understand this coming out as The Stooges though, instead of Iggy Pop and James Williamson, because the name has certainly become popular to a new generation of skate punks (who are direct descendents of the original CBGB punks). Amazing stuff then that a rock band who were way ahead of their time are finally getting the respect and adulation they always deserved. Even stranger still it's happening in this decadent society we now inhabit. I'll never forget the hatred I was greeted with by the Deadheads when I came to the party with \\"Raw Power\\" on the first day it came out. But I knew I had to turn them on to it and stuck it on the record player anyway. Everyone but me hated it, of course, but time has proven me correct. Iggy and The Stooges rule today, and that is simply incredible! Anyway this is an excellent CD, produced expertly by James Williamson, with some of the best songs Iggy and The Stooges ever came out with. They strip the world down to it's lowest common denominator, Just as \\"The Stooges\\" did 40 years ago.
B00C7JG0KG|1.0|I love 3D movies, but I also cannot watch the 3D version all the time, so I like having the 2D Blu-Ray version as well. Every single 3D Blu-Ray disc that is put out includes the 2D version, without exception. Shame on you Disney for milking the public in this manner. I would think with all the billions of dollars you make each year that your greed would not lead you to do this unthinkable. I hope nobody buys this product. Shame! Shame! Shame!
B003UYUP6M|4.0|Detailed and very well researched. Maybe a bit of google kool aid so not as critical as could be (don't want to over emphacize this)
B004XDYJRU|5.0|this is a fun app.  just does the trick if you wish to play it in private enjoy some great music stations.  you can also select your favorite stations for later usage.  i will recommend this since i am keeping this free app.
B0050DZN4K|5.0|As a mom, I never have time to truly catch up on every blog, news source and work feed that I need to. Until now. Once it's set up, it's genius. Easy to navigate, fun to use and I'm out of my media black hole. I love it.
B0037TPMOA|5.0|This extraordinary tale of the supernatural opens with arguably the second most famous sentence in the history of western literature:  \\"Jack Torrance thought:  Officious little prick\\".  Obviously this is meant to offend or entrap the reader, and it does, but the comment is not entirely out of context of the character of Jack Torrance once you get to know him .  By the end of part one, we know that he is susceptible to violence, alcoholism and depression.  We also know that the Overlook Hotel - the location of the story itself - has had a particularly violent and gruesome history.  We know that Danny Torrance - son of Jack and Wendy - is gifted (or cursed) with the ability to witness events before they happen.  This is unfortunate for one so young, and yet in this context, this ability may turn out to be a blessing for him to witness events that he does not fully comprehend.<br /><br />As the story progresses, Mr King prefers to hint at significant features of the tale, leading the reader to guess this, or guess that, instead of simply telling the reader what he  wants them to know.  Suspense therefore builds slowly but surely and each page is turned by the reader not just with apprehension of what you know is sure to come, but with a sense of absolute joy in the knowledge that you have placed the next four or five hours of your life in the hands of a master.  And when it comes to The Overlook Hotel, the mind boggles.<br /><br />In summary, then:  Is THE SHINING Stephen King's finest work?  You need to read the book yourself to answer that question. Certainly, one could say CHRISTINE was the greater accomplishment - in it, Mr King made the absurd totally believable (and therefore terrifying).  But with THE SHINING he has turned the everyday, run of the mill ghost story into one of the scariest reading experiences you could ever hope to find.  Reading THE SHINING is like going on an infinite DARE-DOUBLE DARE competition with the devil.  You read one chapter, and then another but then you ask yourself, one more?  one more?  Will i be able to cope with one more?<br /><br />Go on and test yourself, then.  You know you want to.another but then you ask yourself, one more?  one more?  Will i be able to cope with one more?<br /><br />Go on and test yourself, then.  You know you want to.
B00A3NQNUU|5.0|I had been hearing my friends talk about this game for weeks so I finaly decided to download it. I could not be more happy
B008K8VDPU|5.0|this is a fun app.  just does the trick if you wish to play it in private enjoy some creativity.  i will recommend this since i am keeping this free app.
B008EKOIN8|5.0|I have only just started reading the book, but Pollan is a great writer, and his research is always impressive. I was on the wait list for the arrival of this latest book, having read almost everything of his going back to the Omnivore's Dilemma. If Pollan wrote it, you can't go wrong.
157330087X|5.0|Stevie Ray Vaughn was a wonderful artist that was taken from us much too soon. Seeing these legends and his peers performing his stuff is heartwarming. This item arrived in a timely manner, in excellent condition. I'd gladly use this vendor in the future..Thanks!
B008JGSM6G|4.0|This is an entertaining puzzle game. Really good to play to pass the time. A brain workout. I like it.
B009NY43NY|1.0|WHY????  Why would she do this to her characters, to her fans, to her career?  I'm not going to rehash everything everyone who has given one star has said, I'm just going to fully agree with them.  Where were her editors? They must not like her very much to not clue her in.  Why would I ever trust this author again to write a quality, well thought out story?  What if she writes another series, will she get bored with that one too?  Why would I buy After Dead unless that's the book that tells me Dead Ever After was the bad dream book?
B004GYY714|5.0|I used this radio every  morning getting ready for work . I love the talk radio.  I gave up tv a year ago, do not miss it . This app covers all the stations I need.
B00ACBN9CI|5.0|Tons of unlockable aircraft and liveries, reasonable flight modeling, and easy to use.  And it's also free.  The finer flight controls take some gettting used to, but the learning curve is relatively shallow.  It's also satisfying to graduate from the gun fighters to missiles.  Plenty of turning dogfights, but no ground attack missions; this is pure air-to-air.  The sounds are good, too.  Highly recommend if you like flying and fighting on your handheld.
B0067Q42BY|5.0|If you like Mahjong games, you will enjoy this one. It is very addicting. I like that you can choose your tiles, background and which game you want to play. This helps to keep the game interesting and fun.
B00A83075M|5.0|Love these movies that are fun for everyone - my 6 yr old, my 20 yr old and my husband all had fun watching it!
B009ZZDNT6|5.0|I am never sure what I will get when I order an app., but this one I like.  I do not need my glasses to see the clock and there are enough alarm sounds to choose from. I like all the features.
B009NY43NY|1.0|CH says in the beginning of DEA that she basically doesn't give crap that her fanbase will not like the ending. She actualy anticipated it. In my opinion Charleton Harris is what she should be named bc of the deceitful conclusion of this series. Why in the world would Sookie ever settle for a lapdog like Sam? When has Eric ever allowed anyone to get in the way of what he wanted even if it took time for him to get it. She completely s*** on the majority of fans who loved Eric and Sookie together. Throwing out all of her books and never buying from this biotch of fan-stabbing writer.CH has proven in past that those of us who became her fans did so because of the fabulously WRITTEN stories of the StackHouse series. We aren't complaining because she didn't write an ending like \\"Twilight\\" which is a stupid comparison and is like comparing apples and oranges. We, the outraged fanbase are thus because our standards are high. We demand better from our writers when we have lined their pockets with our money and loyalty. I will not lower my standards and expectations and I don't think anyone else should be swayed by the kissarses who are singing her praises. This ending only satisfied people with low expectations to begin with. Despite the numerous attacks on the readers who are holding CH accountable for this travesty ; they rating has been seriously low. Take that into consideration anyone who is beginning this series. I would never buy anything written by CH and only wish she would tour so I can give her back her crappy book.
B00979CS50|5.0|I think that is the best Crazy Horse album that Neil has done since Everybody Knows This is Nowhere - the first one.  Lots of swirly old school psychedelic guitar...
B0091REZMW|3.0|so far so good, ive just started the game but the graphics are decent. better than some search and finds ive played.
B0099Y2MYK|5.0|i love Downton abbey great show, I wish they would stop killing off people. Can't wait to see next season.
B00AF6MF9I|4.0|I like the play out of the game and the level s was a good touch to it<br />best game ever
B0081QZJ6A|5.0|Thes are very good masterings of the great early Neil Young albums.  If you don't already have them, this is a very good place to start - at the start.
B007BVOEPI|5.0|Definitely start from the beginning - not in the middle. Warning: not suitable for children. It's easy to get addicted.
B0091REZMW|3.0|it is ok because I just started it &amp; don't know what to expect or how difficult. it will be later on. so far it is pretty good.
B003EYVXXW|5.0|This is certainly a cerebral movie and NOT the standard popcorn fare such as &#34;Gladiator&#34; or time period series like &#34;Spartacus&#34;.  But, that said, there is violence, gore and misery in this film.  That's NOT why you should watch this film.<br /><br />Watch this film as another viewpoint in history from an empire in decline, a new radical religion on the rise and the politics, humanity and knowledge that is twisted and used as reasoning to justify a climb to power.  Keep an open mind, soak in the cinematography, dialog and human relationships that make this such a great movie.  You won't regret it.
B009NG1Q96|5.0|The Selection series is by far one of the best series I've read in a long time. It had me laughing, crying and smiling which is usually hard to do. You get so involved with the characters, its as if you're right there with them. Seriously cannot wait for \\"The One\\" to come out!
0062059963|1.0|I'll be straight with you -- the only thing I liked about The Selection was the relationship between America and Maxon.  Aside from that, I thought it was a pretty lame book.  But since it finished with not much of an ending, I felt the urge to continue on with the series.  I wanted to see what happens with Maxon and America. I wanted to see some progression in the competition and I was curious as to what the big climax would be. I read this with the hopes of getting some satisfying answers, and maybe even a little resolution.<br /><br />I cannot believe how UTTERLY POINTLESS this 2nd book was. There is no plot progression at all. I am not exaggerating. It did absolutely NOTHING to further ANYTHING in the ongoing story from the first book. America just keeps going back and forth between Maxon and Aspen. Back and forth, again and again. I seriously don't care anymore who she ends up with (and really, that's the ONLY thing going on in the storyline.  The stuff with the rebels? Oh please.)  Just like America strings both boys along, I felt like this author was stringing me along by putting out these books but at the same time offering absolutely no resolution or answers to ANYTHING.<br /><br />If you're like me and you only want to read this to see what happens with America and Maxon, my advice is to skip it. It'll only make you mad, trust me.  I finished this book days ago and I'm still annoyed that I actually read this. Definitely not worth the money.
B005F9CPG8|5.0|It's a great album and I listen to it all the time.  So glad I updated my music library with this one  :)
B008HK3XKO|5.0|I love my new case for my Kindle Fire HD I'm so happy and grateful l got it from Amazon.com.Thanks again I'm so glad l have Amazon now. Everybody love my new case l have been showing it off and love my stylus too and Kindle Fire HD.<br /><br />  Patty Thilman
B004VMVTNU|5.0|This is soooo much better than the stock alarm.I use this app every single day.  Best alarm clock app I've been able to find. Well worth the price.
B000OVLBF8|4.0|The movie was great.  However, too many previews of coming attractions at the begining.  The kids can watch it, a little violent in a funny scary way.  If you watched it on tv then the CD does not add anything to the film.  I wanted it for my collection cause I love Sam Elliott.
B005VPRDAY|4.0|I really hate the way lego tricks you, it's kind of like buying a bag of chips and being sad that their is so much air in the bag. It's the same thing with the Legos... it's my own fault for not thinking how small the pieces would be and how much the amount equals, not the sellers fault.<br />Besides the fact that I was foolishly hoping for more blocks they were exactly what I was promised. There were the correct number of blocks, they shipped quickly and came to my door unharmed. I was pretty happy.
B0055QYKQO|5.0|I purchased my Gigabyte Motherboard directly from Amazon because (1) I have always been impressed their excellent customer pre- and post-sales customer care, (2) I know that they only sell quality products, and (3) I was buying a type of product that is associated with higher than usual risks for failure during installation and testing. I had already experienced the failure of a similar product from an on-line competitor of Amazon and was just tired of waiting for RMAs and all the associated hassles. Selling on the Internet is not about price. It is about service. Amazon does that. They help mitigate those risky buys by providing their well-known services and by only selling quality products. In my specific case, I purchased a Gigabyte GA-990FXA-UD3 Ultra Durable Motherboard.<br /><br />This motherboard just oozes of well-thoughtout design and quality manufacturing. I've had it installed and fully tested for almost one month with no bugs, flaws or gliches. It has worked superbly since the moment I connected the power and turned it on. I've upgraded the RAM from 8Gbs to 16 Gbs, upgraded the video card, and the power supply in the interim period of ownership without a single hiccup. This motherboard just works, runs as designed, and provides me the confidence that the technology I bought was worth every cent I spent, and that it is backed up by Amazon's excellent post sales service.
B0097HSS4M|5.0|Easy to use highly recommended! A must have for great photo editing. I use it all the time. A definite must purchase. Well worth having. Great for those photo touch ups. Very happy with this photo app.
B00BIVN82M|5.0|For me this is maybe Michael Buble's most enjoyable cds so far.  There is no denying his vocal and emotive abilities and on this cd he stretches some as well.  His performance on the true standards is exceptional.  YOU MAKE ME FEEL SO YOUNG, COME DANCE WITH ME, TO BE LOVED and YOUNG AT HEART are performed with an ease and grace as he grows even more into the depths of his talent.  He also tackls 60's classics TO LOVE SOMEBODY and WHO'S LOVIN YOU and truly makes them his own.  The Bee Gees would be thrilled with his interpretation of their classic song.  The true gift with this cd is that there are 4 songs where Michael has cowriting credits.  At first listen IT'S A BEAUTIFUL DAY sounds a lot like HAVEN'T MET YOU YET but listen to the lyrics and this song takes on new life.  It's a much deeper song and one of his best self penned numbers.  CLOSE YOUR EYES and I GOT IT EASY  are heartfelt ballads, exceptional songs and he uses all his emotive abilities to bring out the true emotion and soul in them.  Excellent.  AFTER ALL which was cowritten with Bryan Adams is performed as a duet here and it's another highlight.<br /><br />Where I find the album lacks a little is with the guest vocalists.  Singer Robbie Williams had a hit with SOMETHING STUPID which he performed with Nicole Kidman.  For me Michael's version with Reese Witherspoon is true filler, adds nothing really to the other exceptional tracks and I don't really get why it's there.  Also NEVERTHELESS (I'M IN LOVE WITH YOU) performed here with the Puppini Sisters is performed in such an old fashioned style that it doesn't flow with the other tracks and and the emphasis is on the style rather than on the emotion behind the song.  It's a little weird for he has recorded with them before to huge success.  Another filler for me is YOU'VE GOT A FRIEND IN ME.  It's actually a fun number but with these other songs acting like kind of filler it doesn't stand out like it should.  If it was an addition to all strong numbers it would have been striking in a good way.<br /><br />As a whole the good far outweighs the few negatives here.  It's obvious Michael is trying to deliver what his fans want while exploring new territory as well.  I love the cd.  The majority of the tracks work well and are some of the best he's ever recorded.  I do wish it was longer.  It runs a mere 46 minutes and for me that's not enough of Michael.  Also knowing there are other versions with bonus tracks sold elsewhere seems unfair.  But Michael Buble remains an exceptional, powerful performer and vocalist and here delivers another winner.it would have been striking in a good way.<br /><br />As a whole the good far outweighs the few negatives here.  It's obvious Michael is trying to deliver what his fans want while exploring new territory as well.  I love the cd.  The majority of the tracks work well and are some of the best he's ever recorded.  I do wish it was longer.  It runs a mere 46 minutes and for me that's not enough of Michael.  Also knowing there are other versions with bonus tracks sold elsewhere seems unfair.  But Michael Buble remains an exceptional, powerful performer and vocalist and here delivers another winner.
0525478817|5.0|I found this book so emotional that it took me a good week to pick up another book which is very unlike me, and it's taken me 2 weeks to feel ready to actually put some thoughts about it in writing.  I tossed up whether to read this book so many times last year when it came out as I saw nothing but stellar reviews constantly throughout 2012, but the topic of cancer is such a personal one for me having lost my mum to cancer at the end of 2010 that I wasn't sure if I could really handle it.  When I saw that Penguin Australia had it up in Netgalley for review I decided that I would take the plunge and give it ago and what a wonderful, albeit difficult read it ended up being.<br /><br />What I loved most about this book was how multi faceted it was while at the same time really being very simple.  The meat and bones of this book is most definitely a romance between 2 teens, though there are all these wonderful layers that are just subtlety woven in about death and dying, parenting and families, the realities of illness, how reading can affect one so personally - the list just goes on.  Most likely because I am a mother and I am also pregnant and hormonal I found some of the scenes Hazel has with her mum really hard to read.  There was one part where Hazel is describing when she was so very close to dying at 14, where her parents are there waiting to say goodbye and she overhears her parents talking and her mother starts crying saying \\"she wasn't a mother anymore\\". This had me in a pool of tears in moments, and that to me is how to sum up the very essence of this book - so many beautiful simple moments that are just so emotionally driven, reading it was honestly exhausting!<br /><br />The characters of Hazel and Augustus are both lovely and while I felt that the banter between the 2 of them was perhaps a little too adult or perhaps a bit staged and melodramatic it still worked as these aren't your run of the mill teenagers with long lives ahead of them. I was impressed with the way the author managed to pull of a female protagonist she was well done, not over the top and really incredibly strong considering all she had faced in her short life so far.<br /><br />For all that this is a pretty depressing topic it is handled really well without glossing over the ugliness of illness.  I read this over 2 nights and found it difficult to put down or stop thinking about.  While this isn't a book I would recommend to everyone - too many of my friends are young mums and I don't think this is really a middle of the night feeding type book, I do think that if you are after something that will make you laugh, cry, smile and most importantly think that this is a fantastic book to read.ith the way the author managed to pull of a female protagonist she was well done, not over the top and really incredibly strong considering all she had faced in her short life so far.<br /><br />For all that this is a pretty depressing topic it is handled really well without glossing over the ugliness of illness.  I read this over 2 nights and found it difficult to put down or stop thinking about.  While this isn't a book I would recommend to everyone - too many of my friends are young mums and I don't think this is really a middle of the night feeding type book, I do think that if you are after something that will make you laugh, cry, smile and most importantly think that this is a fantastic book to read.
B00C7TAF3Y|5.0|I enjoyed this game.  My kids and I had quite a bit of fun figuring out each hidden step. This game is<br />good for the whole family.  From seven years old to seventy-seven, this will hold someone's interest.  Young kids may need some help figuring out a few things on here, but they will enjoy playing it with a parent even if it is too complicated for them to do all by themselves.  I recommend.
B009NY43NY|1.0|This book had so much potential, but fell short of a suitable ending. Harris really let fans down with this book. The structure was unlike any of her previous books, making the long unessential plot points even more bazaar. The unexceptable character wrapups for adored characters such as Bill, Eric and Sookie were lackluster and unoriginal. The overpriced ebook does not live up to expectations; leaving fans to conveniently purchase her next book due out in October.<br /><br />This book felt like it was written out of boredom; no real passion left for the characters or their fans.  It was unimaginative and surprisingly expensive for such an amateur attempt at a final book.
B008Z9YGEE|5.0|good quality... fast shipping
B00AQ3K8IU|5.0|Loved, loved, loved this book!!! In the beginning, this book made me feel very nostalgic about my high school years. The author made me feel all the emotions that a girl can go through when they are that age - the butterflies you get about a boy, the social awkwardness, the occasional cattiness of other peers and the scattered emotions of a teen. Then halfway in I was shocked by the storyline and it kept getting more intense as each page turned. I loved that the author went from cute teen story to an emotional roller coaster with a deep story. Highly recommend.
1616550414|5.0|Seriously if you love Zelda, buy this. Just do it. No questions. It is packed full of concept art, Hylian history, and a bonus manga (essentially a comic) in the back about the events before Skyward Sword. This thing is pretty heavy for what it is and it beautifully designed. Its like a Zelda bible! Fantastic product!
B007A4SDCG|5.0|This is, without any doubt or hyperbole, the most important and motivating book I have ever read. I can't recommend it enough. Do yourself and the world a favor and read this book as soon as possible.
B00CL68NOG|4.0|This movie was better than I expected it would. A believable relationship between a mother and an adult son. I loved all the people they met along the way. This movie makes me want to go on a road trip with my twenty-something son! I loved the ending.
B006LSZECO|3.0|I gave this three stars because of the middle of this book. The beginning and end were terrible. I found myself flipping through the pages in the beginning and only kept going because I heard good reviews. The middle picked up my interest and was actually pretty good with some surprising twists. Then the story wrapped up too messy as if the author was rushed.<br /><br />Sorry but I definitely don't recommend it. I don't see what all the rave reviews are about.
B000VWYJ86|5.0|This is an awesome addition to the Bourne trilogy. It is full of suspense, thrill and mystery. I enjoyed watching it several times.
B00CAJMGDI|5.0|So I grew up during the height of internet-Napster goodness and normally don't buy music, but Lindsey Stirling is an amazing performer. Her original songs are fantastic plus her numerous covers of everything from current hits to video games are a delight. Please release more albums!!
1416511946|5.0|Nikki was really brave to put his personal and embarassing trials and tribulations with drugs out there.  Much respect, it was a good read.
0385344228|4.0|This book was about an Assistant D.A. who's son, Jacob, was accused of murdering his fellow classmate. As a parent of a 14 year old, it touched home and I could feel my heartstrings pulling for the father and mother. I felt so emotional reading this because as a parent, you want to always believe that your child could never do anything bad and you would fight tooth and nail to always stand by them but what if there were events that happened, making you, for just a small instance, feel that you could be wrong about them.<br /><br />The ending was surprising and I would have never guessed that it was going to happen. There were two different events that occurred at the end (which I am not going to give away). One was completely shocking and, as a mother, I was surprised but in the same token, I felt for the mother and she was so conflicted. The other event was also surprising because I didn't think it would happen, especially so soon.<br /><br />I was going to give this a 5 star rating but I ended up leaving it at a 4 (too bad we cannot give half stars) only because the author left you sort of guessing. Yes, you can conclude what really happened but it was not a concrete fact and I felt sort of betrayed because I wanted it to be clearly defined. Otherwise, the author's writing style was excellent and he pulled me in. It was written from the father's POV, which was a nice change from a story like this coming from the defendant or the mother.<br /><br />Highly recommend!
B009NY43NY|5.0|A lot of people seem to be unhappy with this book, but I'm not one of them. I found it a satisfying end to a great series. I'm sorry it's over.
B009KS4XRO|5.0|This is the best bingo online.  This game is so much fun.  The collection items make it so much more than typical bingo.  LOVE IT!
B000QCS8TW|5.0|Yes, it's true. I'm an idiot. I put off reading this series and watching the show out of some hipster-like disdain for popular things. I finally caved in and watched the first episode of the series and was hooked. I just finished the first book and, if I could go back in time to kick myself in the shin for being a pompous little twit, I'd do it.<br /><br />The story is so intricate, well thought out plot and supporting details, and exciting! Oh my god, is it exciting! I'd get so caught up in the story I'd lose all track of time. Easily one of the most pleasurable reading experiences I've had.<br /><br />Consider me a fangirl. Starting book two... NOW.
B009NY43NY|1.0|I sent back the book, I don't want Charlaine Harris to get my money. I have been a fan since the beginning if this series and read her other serie, but Mrs. Harris I hope you take time to read ours review because you have this tendency to finish your series badly. You built Eric as one the most powerful vampire there was, but at the end he is nothing. Sam really, you have to think that we are dumbs and cannot think and are going to read your books and think they are wonderful. I don't know if getting the show made you think you were all powerful, but I hope that if you ever write another series you will think more about your readers If I have one advice don't read it, especially at the price she is asking for.
193700788X|1.0|I don't write reviews, EVER but.... I came home from work to find my neighbor building a fire in her fire pit with a stack of familiar books by it. I made my way over and lo and behold she was very upset, reeling from the final book in this series, and acting out. I'm a fan and I had no clue she was a fan too, we'd never discussed it. Since I decided not to buy it due to the spoilers, I asked if I could borrow it. Biggest mistake ever!!! I shouldn't have let my morbid curiosity get to me.<br /><br />Dead Ever After proved to contain the most perverse character annihilation I have ever witnessed. Whom was annihilated, you ask? Well that would be none other than Sookie Stackhouse. If you've always envisioned Sookie turning into Arlene, this book is for you.<br /><br />The fun, charismatic, intelligent Sookie displayed in the beginning of this series.... is gone. We are left with a foul mouthed, bigoted, despondent, shadow of the girl we once fell in love with, a blas&eacute; attitude wrapped up in a blas&eacute; boring finale.<br /><br />Sookie ends up settling for a life she long ago decided she didn't want. The `essential spark' was swept under the rug forgotten by the author completely. The promise that Sookie would (defined in earlier books by the very essence of Sookie's being 'other') accomplish \\"great things\\" ends up with few friends, in the same dead-end job, and dead-end life, serving chicken baskets to people who shunned her from birth.<br /><br />So basically: Right back to where she started, but with a brand new craptastic attitude.<br /><br />***Spoiler***<br />On the suitor front. Sookie ends up with Sam. Does this happen because she throws down all and professes he's the love of her life, her rock of Gibraltar? Nope, this happens because he's the last man left standing, a consolation prize by default. The one sex scene they share is lacking beyond belief with the exclamation \\"Yay.\\" followed by Sookie tearing off Sam's old cut offs leaving the vision of Sam in Luke Dukes seared into my mind forever. We have Bill the consummate lurker in her woods setting up an ala Lucy from the Peanuts style Psychiatrist's stand in Sookie's yard dispensing advice to Sookie. Eric in this book is a complete stranger to the Eric we've read about for 12 books. The author turned him into an utter jerk and was dismissed in under 10 pages. Alcide pops in for a page or two. Quinn stops by for a BBQ. And that's about it folks. ***End Spoiler***<br /><br />This final installment made the whole series pointless. It's the most anticlimactic boring final book in a series I have ever read. The break in POV is disrupting and cuts into the storyline making it choppy and halting. The storyline slaps together random thoughts as if the author was ticking off a check list to get everything they possibly could get in at the 11th hour, it simply plays off sloppy and unorganized. Furthermore, there is an effort to dispel fundamental facts laid out in this world with throw away lines that leaves one's head tilting to the side in confusion.<br /><br />For example: ***Spoiler*** Sookie can't read shifter minds... HUH? Well that's a new twist. Um, I guess Alcide didn't have zinnias on his plates or a bunny birthmark. Quinn didn't say yesyesyespleasepleaseplease. Sam didn't slam his mind shut on her. Not to mention the plethora of Were conflicts she was drawn into over the length of the series solely for the use of her 'gift'. At the beginning of this book she clearly reads a shifter mind in a store but oh wait further along she says she can't to Sam. Double HUH? It's confusing and I can list at least a dozen inconsistencies such as this from this book. ***End Spoiler***<br /><br />Don't waste your money and don't waste your time unless you want to be left unsatisfied, completely empty, wondering \\"what did I just read?\\" If you are a complete masochist and must read this for yourself, pick it up at your local library and save a few bucks.<br /><br />Oh and that super awesome special Fairy blessing given by Niall turns out to simply be garden fertilizer. Which, if you wade hip deep in this fecal matter, you might find some semblance of the former enjoyment of this series in this final book... Actually no you won't find that here, it's just fertilizer!!!!ome special Fairy blessing given by Niall turns out to simply be garden fertilizer. Which, if you wade hip deep in this fecal matter, you might find some semblance of the former enjoyment of this series in this final book... Actually no you won't find that here, it's just fertilizer!!!!
067144901X|5.0|Read this to my son when he was little, so this is now part of my 'standard pack' whenever someone I know has a baby.
B009NY43NY|2.0|I was very disappointed with this last book. It brought me to tears, and I was unable to sleep afterwards.  The quality of the writing and the plot theme were very poor compared to the first ten books.  I hated the ending not only because it did not end the way I wanted but because it was inconsistent with at least the first eleven books. Sookie does appear to end up with my second choice for her, but the way my first choice was portrayed in this last book was very frustrating.  Eric was as much a main character as Sookie, and the last two books left me completely empty and sad as to his character development or lack thereof. When I originally started this series, I was surprised Charlaine Harris chose to not have the books placed in paranormal romance in the bookstores.  Now, I completely understand why.  Those of us who love paranormal romances wish for the impossible to be obtained.  This author obviously believes in practical relationships, but not magical relationships.  I am very thankful to fanfiction writers for almost making up for the damage Charlaine has done to one of my favorite couples. I will never begin another series written by Charlaine Harris, but will continue to read Eric and Sookie fanfiction.
B00992CF6W|4.0|I really love this game. I have it one all my devices. But come on ... NO RED STONE. WHAT I WOULD LIKE TO SEE IS RED STONE. NOT IF NOT RED STONE AT LEAST  SUPER FLAT. It truly is a good game. Recommended only for hard core minecraft fans. I mean come on mojang, you con do better
B00AZNEW5G|5.0|Production is a motion picture you find something over and over again when multiple viewing. Awesome character roles.<br />Insight on wht we need to pray to The God of Israel  and the earth (United States), and what the world war we really fight is guided by under the table.
0671449028|5.0|Read this to my son when he was little, so this is now part of my 'standard pack' whenever someone I know has a baby.  We read it so much that he had it memorized and would \\"read\\" it to me before he was three.
B009JZWO3I|4.0|Love the show.  We try to record it and watch it when we can, but oftentimes, it gets cut off due to live sports events.  So glad we have the option to purchase the individual shows on Amazon.
B008JFLWLE|2.0|It is not able to complete simple tasks, e.g., to a power, and it is not nearly as easy as it makes it seem.  You pretty much have to write the problem in multiple pieces.  I am able to complete similar problems in my head quicker than it takes to figure out a way to write a problem so that the calculator understands it.  This is definitely not an app I would recommend.
B009IEXKXI|3.0|I thought this was a really interesting book...at first. After a while, I just wanted it to be finished. The ending seemed a bit rushed, which was ok by me at that point.
B0063GORYU|5.0|ensnaring! once you're in, there's no escape! so much fun, so little time...<br />play it every day to keep your options open. you'll love it!
B009GX7IRA|5.0|My husband has always watched the show.  So I sat down and watched one or two episodes with him... It didn't take much before i was hooked.  I started watching every episode.  I even have the reruns on when they play them all day on one of the cable stations.
1401233791|5.0|I was in jr high when this series got underway; it was the same summer as Reign of the Supermen. The issues in here are awesome. True, it's missing the Sword of Azrael mini and Batman #484-#490, but those can be found online. This is an awesome collection. I won't bother reviewing the story, you know it already. It was unprecedented and still is. Great stuff. The only other issues I would have added to this book are the first four issues of the 1993 Catwoman series.<br /><br />There has been talk about whether the 1993 Catwoman comics are worth it and how they connect to Batman. The first ongoing began during Knightfall. The first four issues are a four parter called LIFELINES. I would place #1 and #2 right before Knightfall Part 15 and #3 and #4 after Knightfall Part 17. Both Bruce and Selina venture to Santa Prisca on specific missions. It is a good segue into \\"Knightquest the Search\\". Justice League Task Force #5-6 can be read next. #5 sees Selina back in Gotham and can be read after Batman 500. If you can find these issues they're worth it.<br /><br />Overall, this is a great start for the Knightfall saga. Well worth the price.
B006GWO5NE|2.0|This is part of a K Fire &#34;fix&#34; you suggested that did not work.  Plugged in overnight, the battery STILL did not charge.  At all.
B00BQHA06A|2.0|The whole album sounds like a watered down remix of the band's other material. This band has unfortunately said all it had to say a long time ago( before \\"deep shadows...\\" really). Vocals sound like the verse parts were made up on the spot in the recording studio in one awful take. Most of the choruses while catchy are pretty tame and bland both vocally and lyrically. Stick with GLS V.666 and Razorblade Romance. And maybe a little Venus Doom. Better yet: just listen to October Rust.
B008RA3X5E|5.0|very handy. love the wake up to music setting and the sleep timer option. easy to use. definitely check it out.
B0067R0APK|2.0|Everything is great except for maps and radar. I get nothing but a blank page. Otherwise it'd be great. I'm using a G-nex with Verizon.
B008IZYW3U|5.0|There surely must be a special place in heaven for Freddie Mercury. This little known album is absolute proof of that. He and Montserrat Caballe made incredible music together and this version of the original album, fully orchestrated is just amazing!
B009NY43NY|1.0|I've loved the whole series and expected so much more from this book. The ending romance piece was dull.  I loved Eric's character through out the series and this book dropped the ball on him.  The character built up from the previous books died out in this one and flopped.
B0051ANPZQ|5.0|A true tale of courage told in a believable conversational way. Auggie is the personification of every child who is different. After reading this story, the reader will gain an understanding of what it's like to be different while desperately wanting to be the same as every other child.
B005LAIHZE|4.0|My son and I watched this movie one evening, and enjoyed it.  My husband joined in and watched a little bit as well, which he enjoyed.  He is not a horror movie fan, but enjoyed some of the action scenes.  Speaking for myself, the story line was a bit silly.  I did enjoy Rufus Sewell as the bad guy.  Maybe some should not take Tim Burton too seriously with some of his take on films.  He's very creative and talented.  This movie was fun and enjoyable for me, my husband, and our son.
B00AQ3K8IU|5.0|The story was amazing, especially how Dean and Sky had such a special connection beyond the bed. Amazing details, beautiful descriptions.
B00BKBCF38|1.0|Take the vocal sound of Michael Graves, the vocalist from the ill fated 1990s incarnation of The Misfits, with the vocal melodies of 90s top 40 boy bands (Nsync, Backstreet Boys) and paste over the wimpiest attempt at Blue Oyster Cult/70s throwback and you got some pretty s***** music. Put together well enough to be just there, but sold on the image, label paid hype and \\"outrageous\\" merchandising schemes. As the big music industry dies the audiences become more fractured, though this band is \\"underground\\" compared to top 40, its just as disingenuous and manufactured as Slipknot.    Comparisons to Mercyful Fate shows people know how to regurgitate label copy and calling this metal shows your ignorance. In the future you will be told to like something else, and you will abide. Anyone else, listen to Birth A.D.
B008HK3XU4|5.0|It's a good sturdy cover that puts the Kindle to sleep when the cover is closed & you can stand the Kindle up to read instead of just holding it in your hands.  Plus purple is my favorite color.
B005PTYP70|4.0|I enjoyed how the three were woven together and then into Ghost Protocol. Tom Cruise does a very good job in Ghost Protocol to weave them all together.
B0086213XW|5.0|I loved it. Loved the raw emotion, the scene setting, the colors, the fact that a marriage seemingly so happy was full of flaws and doubt and a longing for something else and then even going for that something else.  I am becoming quite the indie girl.  Also recommended: blue valentine.
B005CRQ4GU|5.0|Because it was fun read. I really enjoyed it my favorite was when he.got chicken pocket by<br />Lindsey's nager thanks
B009NY43NY|5.0|LOVED IT. No, it will not please everyone, especially if you are cheering for a specific suitor to be the one to win Sookie's heart. Ms. Harris takes the book in unexpected, but interesting, directions. Although the ending is not what you might expect, it is worth the read.<br /><br />The 1 star reviews seems to be focused on two complaints: (1) that Sookie and Eric do not end up together; and (2) the quality of the writing.<br /><br />Eric and Sookie do part ways. That shouldn't be a shock to anyone who actually read the last three books. Related to this complaint is the statement that Eric gets little face-time in the last book. Well... they broke up and this is Sookie's story, not Eric's. Also, there is the idea that Eric is portrayed in a negative light. If you are looking for Eric to be the hero, you could squint real hard, cock your head and then decide that he's mistreated. But that's not the case. Eric is classic Eric in the last novel. He's returned to the high-handed, slightly devious but also fair-minded vampire that he was in the beginning of the series. The only disappointment would be if you expect him to suddenly become a different type of vampire- one who is willing to give up everything for love.<br /><br />As far as the quality of the writing, it's not any different than in the first 12 books. The supposed disconnect in the plot that \\"suddenly\\" leads Sookie to her HEA fella only feels forced if you haven't been paying attention to the subtle hints that Ms. Harris has dropped through-out the series. If you have vampire blinders on, you might have missed it. Eric and Sookie isn't the \\"epic love story\\" although there is one here if you've read carefully before now.<br /><br />I'd caution anyone to buy into the 1 stars here wholesale. They are more-or-less sour grape reviews because the author didn't write an Eric/Sookie love story they were hoping for- even though it has been apparent since the beginning that wasn't where Ms. Harris is going and it has been solidly evident in the last three books that Sookie and Eric would not stay together happily.
B000BEZPQE|5.0|I like this Slipknot live CD. The material on this CD covers their first three studio albums. The live sound on this CD is great.
B009MYARIK|3.0|what happend to ben and sara ? what happend to the paper company ? what happend to larcon ? an epilogue would have been nice to answer all these questions
B002HJ9PTO|4.0|This mic is very impressive for the price. It's a comptent little bug with good volume and reasonably flat frequency response. I used it to plug into my dSLR while shooting an interview, and I had plenty of cord to spare after setting up a head-and-shoulders shot. Not beautiful sounding, no, but it's a heck of a lot better than a shotgun for interviewing and miles beyond the in-camera mic. Have to give it the thumbs up, but I'll still buy a better mic when I have the money - though this will do for now.
1401937268|5.0|These cards are first and foremost beautiful. This is my first deck of tarot cards and as previous reviews stated they really are great for beginners.  All positive and insightful messages.  I have enjoyed my first few readings and really do feel such a positive energy every time I use them.
B008B7OQHM|5.0|The first CD has Slipknot's best songs from their four studio albums. The second CD songs from their concert, &#34;Live at Download Festival 2009.&#34;
B005MLP8E0|3.0|It's supposed to be the best movie of all time but I really just don't understand it I am a movie buff
B00CKOYVG8|1.0|I loaded it and I was at square one... only now they want me to compete against others... sorry I play to relax not to compete... I have conquered The original game 3 stars and all bonuses on all levels Rio, Space and Star Wars... but I do it to relax not compete... that's all not my cup of tea!
193700788X|1.0|After having followed Sookie's adventures for so long, it was profoundly disappointing to see the series end in a way that felt lackluster and hastily thrown together. Much has been made of the idea that C.H. knew how it would end from book 2--apparently that means constantly mentioning the scarf Sookie got in book 2, as well as a revolving door of characters from earlier books who have to come out an play for one final hurrah in a series of increasingly improbably situations that were created only to give them a reason to be in Bon Temps. The plucky heroine who captured my interest with her positive attitude and openness to new things is gone, apparently along with her willingness to fight for the love that she and Eric had. \\"Disappointed\\" seems like such a basic word to describe my views on the book's conclusion, but it's the only one that seems to fit. Earlier books were better, but this series truly fizzled at the end.
B007X4N0DU|4.0|P.O.D. have a mix of different rock songs on this album. The opening track features screaming vocals, while a later track has rapping, and another has melodic singing.
B009NY43NY|5.0|I'm sorry to see the series end, but Harris did the characters and the series justice by writing the ending the way she did. It's entertaining and like all her other books, impossible to put down. I'm happy she wrote as many books about Sookie as she did!
B009NCM248|5.0|Not as heavy as some of earlier stuff or Slipknot but its good. not completely used to it yet. gave it a couple listens. gonna try some more. I generally shuffle my albums. So after a few songs I switch to shuffle to not get bored. I dont have much of the other stone sour albums, so i really cant compare them to this.
B004DK5CW4|5.0|Loved Secretariat when he was alive and loved the movie. Stayed on track with real life. What a Great Family Movie!
0694003611|5.0|What a perfect story with which to end a little fellow's day.  My little fellow asks for it each night.
B0050DZN4K|5.0|Great substitute for Google Reader going away. I use a combination of Feedly via the Chrome app and on my Kindle, great little app to keep up with RSS feeds.<br /><br />Only con is that there's no way to search through info or keywords contained within stories. The search feature is to find new feeds.
193700788X|1.0|I rated one star, because the is none for -100<br /><br />Seriously Mrs. Harris?<br />I will think twice before I pick one of her other series to read in the future.<br />I did not care really who she ended up with, of course I had my choice but what a let down.<br />It was written without soul just like Mr. C.  It feels that she wrote it just to finish it.<br />BIG LET DOWN!<br /><br />Now I know why she is not on a promoting tour, she is afraid of wrath of the series fan.  I will personally would not mind asking her \\"How does it feel to Fup all your fans you sell out? (to HBO)<br /><br />Sincerely<br />A lost Fan
B00C2IPB70|5.0|great blu-ray and movie. highly recommeneded. ignore the other review, don't know what he is rambling about.really enjoyed watching it again in high definition.
067144901X|5.0|My little friend loves it and that is all I care about.  The condition of the book was perfect. Thanks.
B0000714BP|5.0|Great!<br />Lots of good laughs,  if we can't laugh at ourselves, how can we expect the world to accept us?  I bought it to share with a young one who is really having a tough time coming out....  He could not stop laughing!
B008JGSM6G|5.0|I think this game is  very awsome and my sister and I already completed it that's how easy it is and I think that it is not even hard so I hope you guys think my suggestion is helpful
B007SGLZP8|5.0|I probably liked it for the same reason I liked Shawshank Redemption, the powerful get taken down, and the little guy with no power or influence wins the day, however fantasy-based it all is. We can only dream!
0671449028|5.0|The condition of the book was perfect and you couldn't ask for a better story to read at night.  Thanks.
B003O86FMW|4.0|Good sequel.  Keeps moving the action along. Off to the next<br />Book. And then to bed.  End of line. Good night
B000QCQ8Y4|5.0|Excellent story...it grew and grew into a great finale.  Reacher is so cool, loyal, both individual and a team player, and a hell of a friend to have.
B00B2TE7FC|5.0|This is a great collection of Walk Off The Earth!  I love just about everything they have done. I am so glad that they have finally recorded their own music!  Very talented group and Sara sings so beautifully!
B009NY43NY|2.0|First off, I'm not usually one to complain about price in a book review, but this IS still a product review, so I have to say this book is overpriced for a Kindle version. With that out of the way, I'm so upset with the way this book was written. I absolutely love Charlaine Harris and the Sookie Stackhouse series. I have invested YEARS reading this series and we got the shaft. I wasn't disappointed in who she ended up with, on the contrary, I think Sookie had to end up there. It's how Sookie got there that really screwed the fans.<br />This book starts out in 3rd person, then goes to 1st person, and then suddenly you're back to 3rd person again. It was really annoying and throws you out of the story. The big issue we've all been waiting to see resolved was the relationship between Eric & Sookie. That's all I cared about any longer. I didn't care to read another somebody-is-trying-to-kill-Sookie book. Somebody is always trying to kill Sookie! Who cares? If you're waiting to enjoy the final drama between Eric and Sookie to play out, then get ready for disappointment! It was swept aside in 2 pages as if years were not invested in the whole story of them. From there, the whole book felt forced as if the author was trying to tie a bow on our years of investment so she could move on to the next thing. I feel so cheated.
030758836X|5.0|Gone Girl was an excellent page turner!  I told everyone to get the book and read about Amy Dunn.  Crazy!!!!
B0050KEVO6|4.0|This addictive game is a must have. I have it on my phone as well. The version on my phone has 390 combinations. Athens kindle version is due for an upgrade. Other than that, great game!
B009IEXKXI|4.0|Great story! Just a great story, all ways around.  Smart, imaginative, and well written. Editing could have been better, but I say you'll really like this one.
B00AS1Q93S|5.0|When I heard the much maligned news that Tom Cruise had been cast as Jack Reacher, I vomited a little in my mouth. Seriously? Cruise is talented and versatile, but it was just playing him way against type. Didn't see it at the theater out of protest. Rented it, and now, I need to be honest and eat my words. Cruise is not Lee Child's Jack Reacher, but he is a version of Jack Reacher that worked. I hadn't read the book One Shot (upon which the movie was based) for several years, but the movie brought it all back. And that was very, very wise of the screenwriters. They kept to the script, and Cruise hit all the right notes. The brutal fighting style was a stroke of genius. It was antiHollywood, and all the better for it. I still feel like ten other actors would have been better for the part, but it made for a very entertaining movie.
B008JGSM6G|5.0|I love it. It's great to help pass time and it's lots of fun. Once you try it your hooked. The more levels you complete the more challenging it gets. It's definately a must try<br />.
B00CHSPB8Y|5.0|It was an awesome game I wish for more games like it,I liked the game play and it is free
B0087X728K|5.0|You're paying for the silver in the paste. Silver is expensive. Silver is also used in the Hudson Dam's hydroelectric generators because it is approximately 10% more conductive than copper. The same conductivity difference applies here. Although it costs a bit more, its not that much more expensive, will endure for a much larger period of time, and allow your heatsink to work more effectively. Its a keystone in any system.
B00BWBHIUG|5.0|This game is really really really fun! You build a reef and u get all these quests. It is super fun and I totally recommend it
B00AS1Q8FW|1.0|Don't get me wrong.  I like Tom Cruise.  I have read and liked all the Lee Child's Reacher books.  And I've seen more than my fair share of authors sell out to get their first book into film... It's really a shame because anyone who has ever read any of the Reacher books was dying to see them made into film.  The plots were literally written like screen plays to begin with.  But no matter how hard I try to like this movie, I just can't see Tom Cruise as the 6'4\\"/250lb guy with ham steaks for hands.  What made Reacher so improbably was that a guy that big could HIDE IN PLAIN SITE.  Women were typically terrified of him, because he always looked like a bum.  He found himself in all sorts of ridiculous situations and still managed to literally punch his way out.  And he killed really bad people with a certain relish that one wishes could be deposited on all really bad people... The rest of the cast does a fair job.  So does Cruise. But Cruise is so well-known for being \\"Cruise\\" he just ruins the role -- and no hard feelings for the effort...  This wasn't Tom Cruise's fault.  Lee Child should be embarrassed that he was willing to sell himself that cheap just to get into film.  Lee:  Next time, find an actor who can at least play the role as you wrote it!  Otherwise Jack Reacher is just another tough guy.
B004TJ1H3C|4.0|Loved this show.  Wish it hadn't been cancelled.  Still wondering why season 1 is bluray but season 2 is dvd only.
B008BU75IQ|3.0|Maybe not, he is only 73. It is difficult to review this book without spoilers but I'll try.<br /><br />Basically, Archer recycled a lot of stuff from his previous works, stuff that worked, kind of, before and still does. Minutiae of corporate life in UK decades ago, the world of auctions of artistic objects, the reality of promotion of books.<br /><br />Some of it from his personal experience, some from his astute observation of life mostly in UK but also USA.<br /><br />Many people in this particular book are actually caricatures - including the main protagonists. Argentineans are not Archer's favorites, with their role of helping Nazis during and after WWII and, of course, as the evil temporary conquistadores of Islas Malvinas better known as Falklands. The Iron Lady that recently left us taught them a lesson and Archer admired her a lot, not only for this adventure in South Atlantic.<br /><br />Archer, for instance, presents a funny description of an official visit of Princess Margaret to Buenos Aires with her heavy (and probably fatal) nicotine addiction. He probably met her in person on one or more occasions during her typical Windsorian life that, somehow, did not affect her Majesty the sister too much directly.<br /><br />I read virtually all Archer's book and if he retires now, it will be OK with me. Let me just say that this book is NOT uplifting in any way.<br /><br />Three stars - one feels that Archer frequently writes about things he really understands quite well, sometimes in a irreverent and refreshing way.
193700788X|2.0|2.5 stars if they had 1/2 stars.<br /><br />What a disappointing ending to the series and it had nothing to do with Sookie's HEA being Sam. While I had hopes that it would be Bill, I'm team Bill, I knew it would not be Eric. Only good thing about this book is that Eric's true self was shown.<br />I didn't even feel that Sookie and Sam got a HEA more like a HFN....disappointing.
B002UWH8SS|5.0|SGU brings an edgier, darker side to Stargate, and I for one think it fits well. There were very serious times in the previous series, and I appreciate a more dramatic performance in Sci-Fi. I know some fans were angry about the cancellation of Atlantis, and therefore directed their anger at the producers in a form of boycott of this show, and others still just found it not to their liking of Stargate. I personally think it's a nice choice of diversity between the 3 series. Definately something to watch if you enjoy drama, and overall liked the previous two shows!
B00AQM8H9I|4.0|I bought it to play with my granddaughter , and she's enjoying playing it with her friends. It gets pretty interesting with a number of different players running around.
193700788X|1.0|For 12 years of books,one would expect a little more payoff or at least development for the ending to not feel forced. Very disappointed.
B009NY43NY|1.0|Just wanted to thank everyone for their reviews, even though the bad far outweighed the good. Have yet to read it, but think I'll save my $15 and check it out at the library first. This coming from a person who looked forward to May every year, in anticipation of buying the latest installment. Her last few books have seemed very boring to me and written with no thought or depth. I'll be back to write an actual informed review. For now, I will continue reading 'A Song of Ice and Fire' for the third time! :)
0143119680|5.0|I can't wait for the third book. The first two  books were addictive in a good way, you can't put them down. My son loaned me his books and I passed them to a girlfirend who loved the historical aspect of the stories. I just love anything about witches. You won't be disappointed if you enjoy mystery, witches, history and intrigue.<br />If you have read the Witches Daughter this is even better but different.<br />I'm a Harry Potter fan as well so I love the mystery and adventure in these books.
B005DOJ68K|4.0|I bought it for a few songs I haven't heard for awhile. It inspired me to look them up for my own practice with friends.
B009YN2M7S|5.0|Love the book have no desire  to see the movie this story is way to close to my heart.  Enjoyed every page.
B00BJA2VFW|5.0|This game is beautiful and addicting!  One of the best match three games I have played.  I like the &quot;specials&quot; you get with the coins as well. I recommend this game.
0345479092|4.0|This book helped me to understand my sweet girl and what she was trying to communicate to me. The author describes 5 baby cries from 0-3 months. My baby girl had terrible acid reflux and was also colicky. Knowing these baby cries helped me to know whether my baby was really in pain or if she was just hungry, tired, etc...
193700788X|2.0|SPOILER***<br /><br />I love  Charlaine  Harris and all of her books.I own each and every one. I can say whole heartedly I have never disliked the ending or last book more than I did this one.  This series  had my heart and soul from the beginning.  I fell in love and when Sookie's  heart broke mine did,  too.<br /><br />I was always team Eric ever since he lost his memory.  the character development between the two was uncanny in its purest form.  They just seemed so meant to be even through all the stuff they went through.  you learned through the series he was a man that had a heart and Sookie brought  it out in him.  So my question is what happened?<br /><br /> Charlaine killed this story for me not by having Sookie end up with Sam but by debasing her own character as she did with Eric turning him into a cold hearted  vampire with nothing more to gain from Sookie but sex.  She  refuses and Eric leaves.  Done.  Nothing more.<br /><br /> It truly left a hollowness  in me when I realized the book was over. Leaving them at odds,  so incomplete.  It devastated me.<br /><br /> Charlaine  is a great writer and I will always suggest her books but this last book left me wanting so much more.  It lacked her normal emotion and completion.
0452295548|5.0|This is a great book. We get insight that would not be available but for her stroke. Read it. It's great
B005GSZZ1A|5.0|I had no idea of the repression going on in North Korea till I read this book, it was a true eye opener.
0785152458|5.0|Really great book, Mark Millar is king and JRJR is a great artist.<br /><br />This book book goes highly recommended.<br /><br />Read it!!
B00B22IJXK|5.0|I got this as the free app of the day. As some has said it resembles another app. But the other one is only available on Google play. This one works awesome on my kindle hd, and is on Amazon. It is a great app. I have several drawing apps, and this is my favorite. I'm happy with it.
B00CMQX84A|5.0|I can't wait to see it on July 19th. I am glad that it is coming out on DVD. I hope that the DVD comes with 10 episodes of Austin & Ally as bonus features. I can't wait to get the soundtrack on July 16th. I am looking forward to seeing this movie when it premieres on July 19th.
B005LAIIKI|4.0|This was Such a good movie! I seldom buy movies but I enjoyed this one enough to watch it afgain
B009NY43NY|1.0|I'M SO UPSET THAT THIS IS HOW THIS SERIES ENDS. I FEEL LIKE A TOTAL FOOL FOR SPENDING ALL THESE YEARS READING THIS SERIES AND SPENDING MY HARD EARNED MONEY ON THIS CRAP! I TRULY FEEL THAT C.HARRIS JUST GAVE UP ON THIS SERIES AND THE CHARACTERS JUST TO GET A PAYCHECK. SHE TOTALLY SOLD OUT. AND I WON'T BE WASTING MY DIME ON HER BOOKS AGAIN.
0756666937|5.0|Our 3 1/2 year old son hardly put this book down since we bought it. He will spend hours pouring over the pages, pointing out each and every detail to us over and over again. And I've seen him draw a lot of inspiration to build all kinds of bigger and better things with his own lego set. This book, and the Lego Ideas Book, are never on the shelf but always out on his table or in his fort and they still get flipped through daily. Worth every penny!
B0015GDVTU|5.0|this movie is a must for woman, i am not &#34;girly&#34;, but i turn to this movie constantly. it will make you cry and make you laugh
B00CHSPB8Y|5.0|The most amazing super hero game on the kindle, i love it so much i can't stop playing it. Sure it takes a lot of data, but to those who think it's not worth it....it's. worth it.
B0062NAX1U|5.0|This movie has everything, definitely a must see movie. It will make you cry, laugh, and keep you on the edge of your seat. Everyone I know that has watched this movie has been touched by it.
B008TRUDAS|5.0|This is my first Colleen Hoover book and it certainly won't be my last. Great writing, loved the story, pulled me in and I enjoyed learning about Slam Poetry. One of my favorites and anxious to read book 2.
B0053O89WY|5.0|DVD was in perfect condition. I love this show and its nice to go back and watch old episodes when there is nothing on TV.
B007PTJOV0|5.0|LEPS WORLD is an addictive version of Mario!! Very fun, cool, and it is free.. I encourage you to get this free cool Mario version of an incredible game!!
B00BEZTMWW|5.0|If I write a review on a film it is usually 3 - D on the 3 - D.  I am careful in purchasing because the cost is high and I might want to watch without glasses , share with my wife who just as well will pass on 3 - D. Etc.. I first judge focus because often the shots are fore ground and back ground with the rest blurred . This to me is not 3 - D. Next I look for whether you get a stereo view or a true 3 - D effect and if you get at least some shots where it comes out of the screen and or brings you in with peripherals . This film is not perfect because I think the technology is not there yet but I think it's the best movie in the available technology I've seen so far. More than a match for the holy grail of Avatar and as a 5 disk set it wins there too. Extended run time also makes it a bargain . Now for my complaints. Subtitles have no place in 3 - D especially in an imaginary tongue. Nothing but a distraction from the important without anything to add , so for me it is always a major negative. They need to design the case better because it is too easy to damage your disk how they are now , removing and replacing your disk. As a note on my taste I think it is better than the The Lord of the rings films.
B005GFPZYK|5.0|The most honest, in your face representation of a seal. My only regret is not meeting Chief Kyle in person. God rest his soul. Chief Kyle claims to have protected hundreds... He drastically underestimated that. If you are an American, Chief Kyle was and is your guardian angel.
B00AKKTDJY|5.0|Diner Dash is a great entertainer! Mind teased! I have had plenty of hard days and got lost inthis game. There are challenges in the game for all ages.
B002H5HJ9G|1.0|Will never rent another movie from amazon tii they fix the server speed issues. Was apprehensive to rent in the first place because I've experienced these issues with amazon prime free streaming. Took us about an additional 30 minutes to watch movie, in addition to really poor video quality after I paid additional for HD. I did Internet speed tests during the rental, I had 15 Mbps down/2 Mbps up so it most definitely was my internet connection.  I want my money refunded, it was that poor of service.
B00BB67UNW|3.0|An interesting political thriller embodying themes of corruption, police brutality, extortion, alcohol abuse and marital discord.  Very snappy dialogue is enjoyable along with some unexpected twists. On the downside, the plot itself can get a bit convoluted and it's difficult to follow at critical times.  In any case, Russell Crowe and \\"Marky Mark\\" are always fun to watch.
B00BEZTMFY|5.0|This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. The actors are are simply wonderful and captivating. Each is unique in their character and so likeable. It is a masterpiece in visuals and the story (even if your not familiar with the books) draws you in effortlessly. I very much enjoy Lord of The Rings trilogy, however, I can honestly say, The Hobbit an unexpected Journey has taken a higher rank than any of the LOTR trilogy. I believe this is suitable for a wide variety of audiences (with parental guidance as rated). This magnificent movie is sure to be a liftime favorite for many. This 2-disc edition is excellent and the \\"making of\\", video blogs, and journey of all those involved making these Hobbit movies is also wonderful to watch, very informative and allows you to view some of the actors in their true forms. The heart and spirit of all those involved making this movie really shine through. I purchased this on amazon and i will also purchase the extended version being released in December. This has become my absolute favorite movie. A sincere thank you to all those involved in making this, you all did a magnificent and outstanding job.
B002SSUQFG|5.0|This watch is comfortable, stylish, can be worn with a suit or something more casual. It is well made, and is perfect for someone like me that doesn't have caveman size arms.
B000002BE9|5.0|Its hard to say which is my favorite, but I am going to say that this one is. This was my first Fiona Apple CD back in the day.... when I was like 13.... I am old now lol.... I rebought it. Very glad I did.
B004DMNT2W|5.0|It fits my Canon Camcorder well.  Solid construction,  Great feel,  good price.<br /><br />I would purchase others of this same brand.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I can't decide if this CD or &#34;Tidal&#34; was my favorite.... Either way they are both awesome and this is my 2nd one. It is a must have for Fiona Fans.
B006LSZECO|4.0|Very psychological, and very good! Reaches into your mind in a thrilling way. I wish there was a bit more to the ending though, especially from Nick.
B009NY43NY|5.0|I fell in love with this series years before True Blood. Most of the books have been wonderfully complex & vivid, but the last few seemed thrown together for the TV fans. Dead Ever After is everything a true fan would have hoped for.
B009MYARIK|3.0|Sophie Kinsella's last book, I've Got Your Number, was my absolute fave, and I loved the idea of a Chick Lit story set in Greece, so I've been eagerly anticipating Wedding Night for months. Sadly, I ended up being disappointed with this one. It had its entertaining moments, but the humor just felt slapstick-y and I had a really hard time caring about either heroine. Older sister, Fliss, was a bitter divorcee with control issues, while her younger sib, Lottie, was so flighty, immature, and self-obsessed that she was like Becky Bloomwood (Shopaholic) minus the charm.<br /><br />Sophie usually dances around the subject of sex in a cute, fun way in her novels without getting graphic, so it was rather jarring to see such a big focus on sex in Wedding Night. Yes, I know that it was part of the plot (Fliss wanted to stop Lottie from consummating her ill-advised marriage to her teenage love, Ben.), but it seemed like every character in the book was talking about, thinking about, or attempting to have sex. Total overkill and it was an eye-roller after a while. Made me wonder if Kinsella's editor told her that she needed to start sexing up her books in order to please all of the 50 Shades lovers.<br /><br />On the positive side, I did like two of the male characters in Wedding Night. Although Richard, Lottie's longtime boyfriend, was not shown in a favorable light when he was first introduced in the book, he proved himself to be a man of depth and determination. Fliss's love interest, Lorcan, was cut from the same cloth as most of Sophie's heroes - dark, brooding, snarky businessman, but he had surprising personality nuances that I appreciated. He and Fliss shared the bond of both having been through bad divorces, so it made sense that they would be drawn to each other.<br /><br />Would I recommend Wedding Night to my fellow Chick Lit readers? Probably not as I've enjoyed other Kinsella books much more. I'd suggest that they read (or reread) I've Got Your Number or Twenties Girl instead.
B000HGA5PM|3.0|Unless there is something that I am doing wrong, the audio quality does not match the video quality.  I am dissapointed with the audio, but as I was at this concert with my brother on the 4th, I still wanted to see again what we saw 30+ years ago.  There is appearently an endless supply of these dvd's as there is always one for sale on here.
B00AB7HESI|3.0|I have this game for PC, and for my DS. I saw it on the store for a dollar, and at that price its an app-solute steal.<br /><br />The only problem is it doesn't work for the Galaxy S3, which is what my phone is. When you go to create things nothing happens. It just has a little reload button that clears out what you typed in.<br /><br />I'm looking forward to an update that makes it functional, until then, I leave this warning for other S3 users.
B008M0NDOK|5.0|Although the are not many games that are compatible with this, it is still a great controller. Comfortable to hold with an ergonomic grip on the back
B00CHSPB8Y|5.0|This game is awesome! I love this game! FIVE STARS! The graphics are so cool, and it's amazing! You should totally get it!
B004ZZS4CC|5.0|I don't think &#34;enjoyed&#34; is a good word to use but the book is from a beautiful mind, with a positive outlook, that suffered tragic events. I couldn't put it down. I most enjoyed the last part of the book after the reunification. It was the most moving to me and wished to hear more.
B008YW5RH2|3.0|It's alright. I wish it were a little more realistic. It is very hard to find a realistic golfing app.
B000LTAY1U|5.0|For what you get for the money with this watch there is nothing better. Its a good running automatic and it looks great in all colors. Its started to replace some of my nicer chronograph watches since I got it.
B009T8XBBO|5.0|((First off, I am new to app store games on the andriod marketplace so take this as the first impressions of a newcomer to the  medium and not a definitive analysis. There may well be other games that handle this gameplay type better, but I have no knowledge of them and this is a review based purely on this games own merits alone.))<br /><br />I got this because it was free and looked to be pretty decent quality. I came into it with pretty low expectations, which were not at all helped by the childish (if well handled and decently voiced) cinematic in the beginning. That said, I found it really enjoyable. I liked the actual time and resource management part of the levels a lot, and loved the reward system of the castle expansion. It was a good hook to get me to keep playing more instead of the pick up and play feel these casual games often have.<br /><br />The game has good pacing for tutorials, and a pretty large number of levels in it. I recommend this game to anyone who is looking for a decent casual game to pass the time, especially while it remains free.
193700788X|1.0|I  had to read the final book but I think I am worse off for it. I think the series started downhill a few books ago and the ending is just awful.
B009NY43NY|1.0|I have to say I agree with what the negative reviews before me have said, so I won't rehash them. I discovered this series just 2 months ago, and read through the first 13 books quickly.  I have never seen the TV show.  But in reading them all together there does seem to be a point where the writing just goes downhill. So annoyed I paid $14.99 for this. One final thing, I wish someone could tell me why you're branded a \\"hater\\" when you don't like something? So sick of hearing that. If you liked it, good for you, but a lot of us did not. We're entitled to let the author know how we feel.
B00ABGEFWC|5.0|Love the game such a good app great deal and great graphics this game rocks it should have five stars.
B00BQ1DBUS|1.0|Rod Stewart, once one of the stalwart blue-eyed soul singers (with a generous dose of understated, British humor and working-class grit) lost his credibility years ago when he left the Faces, moved to L.A. and started pandering to the disco and self-imposed image mongering of the 70's and early 80's. (remind you of Elvis after his stint in the U.S. Army???) No doubt he has more cash than he knows what to do with, but like Mick Jagger's solo \\"career\\", he has no 'legs'...and cannot buy back his past glories. My advice to Rod is to go to Memphis, get with Willie Hall on drums, Steve Cropper, Dan Penn, Spooner Oldham and some of the brilliant musicians still left at that crossroads and make a TRUE American Songbook and for Otis' sake... Puh-Lease stop taking up our TIME!!!<br /><br />tryin' to still love ya Rod...<br /><br />[[ASIN:B00BQ1DBUS Time]]
B004XQYBA2|5.0|I really like the interface and various options to this sudoku.  Definitely the best one on Android yet, in my opinion.<br /><br />Here's one unique thing you guys did with this that I love, and it's the thing that makes a player get better.  When you click on a number, it highlights all occurrences of this number.  This may seem like cheating at first!  I totally get that!  BUT after playing this way for a while, play without it -- and your brain will start picking out the numbers more naturally, as it seems the highlight function appears to train your eyes to see the numbers more naturally.  I LOVE THIS.  After playing this game, I've been breaking all my records on my other sudoku games, namely the Brain Age sudoku on the Nintendo DS.<br /><br />Speaking of which, the only thing I would say you could add to this to make it more fun, would be to add an option to DRAW the numbers into the cells somehow.  I don't know how you would do it here, but it would be fun.<br /><br />Thanks for the super game!
0525478817|5.0|As a 13 year old boy who has a higher than average reading level it is hard to find challenging books, this book was an excellent challenge. I learned words that I would not expect to find in vocabulary work book, let alone a teen novel. This goes above and beyond what I ever imagined.
B00AK0X5VQ|5.0|This game seems like space, bubbles, organisms, parasites... all taking place inside the petrie dish of your phone.  Very very cool.  The graphics are unquestionably awesome, and the tutorials make it very simple to get how the game works.<br /><br />The different levels and styles of gameplay give this game almost infinite replay value, and adding the ability to randomize each level makes it even more so.  You've got a real winner with this game.<br /><br />The music is very soothing, it makes it easy to relax and chill during the times of the games where you really have to hang out and wait for something to happen.  These times are refreshing because there are other levels where you barely get time to think -- you MUST act or die!  Great variety.  I would say if you could widen the variety of music a little... not different styles, but maybe more songs, a few different artists... Does the game have a function to get new songs every once in a while?  That would be awesome, because I spend some vast hours toiling away at this thing.<br /><br />Only one bug I've noticed.  On my Photon 4G, the pinch zoom sometimes stops functioning.  Even so, I've still managed to get through some levels with it like that.
193700788X|1.0|This was just awful.  I struggled to even get through it.  It felt like everyone was ooc, the writing was weak, and plot devices were used to cover lazy writing and planning.  I am most disappointed by the lack of progression for the main character.  All the growth and challenges sookie experienced over the series were just thrown out in the end.  She ends up exactly where she began with a small life as a waitress in a small town.  What was the point?  Why 13 books of developing comfort with her differences and relationship with the supernatural to end up exactly where she started.  Realistic, maybe but depressing all the same.  I don't think i am alone in saying that you don't read paranormal mystery/romance for the realism.  By far the worst and most disappointing conclusion to a series i have ever had the displeasure to read.
0060555661|5.0|Learn the language, the theory, and the practical know-how it takes to navigate all the rough seas of the stock market. If you really learn this book, you will become more careful and precise about how you plan your long-term investments.
B00AQ3K8IU|5.0|I read this not fully understanding what I was in for. I have been floored by this book. There is so much to take from it and learn from it. I experienced this book in a way that I have never done with another. The depth if love shown to Sky from Holder, wow. What a wonderful character. So well written. Sky`s journey is one so many people have in one way or another. It is heartbreaking and seems never ending. Her willingness to push forward, through the fear and confusion is awe inspiring. I am just overwhelmed with these characters. They are written in a way that I feel like I have been watching someone's real lives play out in front of me. Like an interloper. I can say that for anyone who's ever survived ....reading this book can be very rewarding, and eye opening. There is so much to relate to.
0465043577|5.0|Understand the ups and downs of the financial markets with the insights of the leading finance mathematician of the last 50 years. Mandelbrot is an absolute genius, but you'll be surprised at how grounded and entertaining the writing is. Not too mathy, not intended for trading tips...but this will give you a much better appreciation for volatility in the markets.
B004J4WKTW|5.0|I recommend this book to anyone that loves books about magic! Such a great read, I could not put it down.
B000VX1CF8|5.0|i love this shoe i been tried to get these shoe for a long time but was to high. when look on amazon they had them for 80.bucks i had to get them im more  then satisfied with the shoes
B00CL0J99K|3.0|I just don't understand what they are doing with movies these days. I mean you get great franchise that starts out good, or atleast shows promise, and then we get slapped. Its like they say \\"well guys we know you loved the beginning, that's why we are going to rope you in, then make you feel like a sucker for liking this in the first place.\\" TDKR's did it to me, now, so has Iron Man(though I had to play Arkham City for a month straight to get over it). I don't understand what goes through the minds of these guys when they put this stuff out. Don't they care? I love children. But stop making everything geared for them! You water down everything just to gain more fans but sacrifice the ones who have been fans just to make an extra buck(OK a lot of extra bucks) and these are the people who will forget about it just move on to the next big thing. Why is the 3rd installment always the worst when it should be the best? Why do we always see less of the character we really want to see? Why is the 3rd one always the most humourous and lighthearted, when its supposed to be dark and serious, with a little humour mixed in unintentionally, just to releave some tension? Why did this movie seem like EP.3 of the Iron Man Show on Nickolodean? Did they really do that to The Mandarin character? I know it will be atleast 1 or 2 more Iron Man movies, but you guys kind of owed us after part 2. And why couldn't the bitch just die???!!! I can't stand her!
B0051ANPZQ|5.0|What a great gift this little book was. Such great spirit and heart. Worth every Kleenex!  Should be mandatory reading for every student at all grades.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|This is a fabulous end to an amazing book series. There were points when I couldn't put it down wanting more from it! I was devestated that it came to an end but an excellent book nonetheless.
B008ALAHA4|5.0|Not much to say except it works.  I was afraid that it might fall off too easily, but it stays securely on unless you want it off.
B003E88TKS|5.0|This is a great movie... Not sure what more I can say except that our family considers this movie as buy worthy!!
B009NY43NY|5.0|I really enjoyed the last book. All my favorite characters were there. So great that all of Sookies friends came through for her when she needed them and of course she really needed them. Poor Amelia really tried to be a good friend. Barry didn't get a very happy ending but I had never really thought he would. Arlene ended up where she was going all along! So sad about Eric & Sookie...such a terrible ending for them. I do wish there had been more because I had always felt a strong connection between them but in the end he wasn't human at all. I always knew Sookie couldn't go back to Bill. Some things can't be forgiven. I can't say I was surprised about Sookie and Sam. He always loved her. Thank you Charlaine Harris for a great story!
B004LWZWGA|5.0|Here is another great action movie!! Love the batman series with Christian Bale, they are all buy worthy and worth watching over and over again!!
B009UX2YAC|4.0|Sometimes I just can't put it down . It is a great game with fun option and wonderful graphics. My kids love it and it makes it more fun because then it is more of a comparison and that's is why this game is exciting to see and play because it is great to work hard to open up the next person or the next city or town.
B00B8M4IMK|5.0|This unit keeps both my Droid Charge and iPad 3 charged up. Though when running apps that use the GPS be aware that no unit I have tried will keep up with the GPS power draw, or maybe it is the GPS and the 4G connection power requirements.
B000FCKC4C|4.0|This is a really  inspiring story, kept me wondering what was next, I would say the way it was written was a little plain for my taste but I  enjoyed  it for the most part
193700788X|1.0|I was so excited for the book when it came out yesterday and I put as much time as I could spare to sit and read it during finals... only to be so disastrously disappointed. Everything about this book came off as rushed, and so unlike Sookie. The conflict was minor this time, and never once did I feel like Sookie wouldn't get out of jail with ease, nor was I worried when she was kidnapped so suddenly in the last bit of the book.<br /><br />To see who she ended up with made me upset as I had loved CH's books since I first started reading the SS series. I wish it had ended differently; this is the one time I felt so upset with a book ending. And the sex scene towards the end was near laughable.<br /><br />I expected better. :(
B009UX2YAC|5.0|Subway suffers is a great game!!! it is a lot of fun and even better it is FREE!!!  I deffenetly recommend this game.
B00008O31I|4.0|The Black Keys a sweet edition to my LP collection. &#34;Brothers&#34; and &#34;El Camino&#34; are the next albums on my list.
B00BSWMITK|3.0|At this point in my life, having been a fan of Joe's since the beginning, I no longer expect him to impress me with his guitar playing skills. I guess I've come to familiarize myself with his style, and his virtuoso playing, that when he pulls off a killer lick or super technical scale run, I just smile and think, \\"Hey, that's Joe for you\\".<br />But what I do expect him to do, and what I expect to hear when I buy his albums on release day without having heard a lick, is MOVE me. Joe, as great as he is a guitar player, is a better songwriter. Or at least he can be. He's got the musical maturity and creativity to do it, time and time again. He achieves this at times with a killer chorus with tons of hook, such as in the songs like \\"If I Could Fly\\" or the underrated \\"Ten Words\\", or sometimes with entire solos that simply ooze with feeling and tastefulness. (Just Look Up, One Robot's Dream, Souls of Distortion, I could go on and on)<br />I realize that songs sometimes grow on you after repeated listenings, but in my experience with Joe's music is that it doesnt take more than a few spins of the entire CD to hear the gems. Gems, as in those moments of music that make the hair on your skin stand-up, or elate your mood with a sudden release of dopamine into your brain. We all have songs that affect us this way. For me, alot of them are from Joe Satriani.<br /><br />So while \\"Unstoppable Momentum\\" is 100% Joe in guitar playing, it falls short in the songwriting arena. It almost sounds like Joe pieced together this album from left-over ideas he had laying around here and there. As a matter of fact, Joe himself has admitted that the song \\"Door into Summer\\" was a melody he had written and then played to the guys in Chickenfoot, only to have it rejected by them, so he stuffed it into his pocket for another day - apparently for this album. Granted, the album has its moments that make me smile, and a few that make me groove, but nothing too memorable or truly impactful. Nothing like his \\"Andalusia\\" or \\"Searching\\", where he just lets it all go from his musical heart. On this latest effort, his prowess may have been captured, but not so much his soul. I still think its better than 99.9% of what passes as music these days, but it's certainly not his best work.ike his \\"Andalusia\\" or \\"Searching\\", where he just lets it all go from his musical heart. On this latest effort, his prowess may have been captured, but not so much his soul. I still think its better than 99.9% of what passes as music these days, but it's certainly not his best work.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|THIS IS THE BEST BOOK IN THE HISTORY OF BOOKS#!!!!!!!!!!!!!  =)<br />  The first time I read this book I loved it...  I have read it 5 times now!!!
B00BUCW54Q|5.0|I had lowered expectations from the strong opinions in both directions I've come across, but as a big fan of the books here, I thought the movie was a great adaptation.<br /><br />Sure, a couple changes irked me since I knew the book story, which really creates some tense situations. But the overall representation was still good, smart. More than say, what usually passes as a summer blockbuster the past decade.<br /><br />Hope they make many more, how about Killing Floor, or well, I'd have to think about it. Must be fun to be the person in charge of picking the next Reacher book to make a movie out of.
B003O86FMW|4.0|It kept me reading. Love it. I had no plans on reading the series but this book changed my mind.
