B002XSP16A|3.0|While Ms. Boyle clearly has a delightful voice, her singing is mechanical at best in this introductory album.  I found her treatment of the music--a mix of popular and religious standards--joyless and funereal.  I wish she had lent her considerable vocal talents to something a little more upbeat, rather than this depressing and uninspiring collection.
B00168ML1G|5.0|I'm very glad that Robert Downey, Jr got his act together.  It is largely because he did that we have this film. He holds it on his shoulders ably.  Like other comic book based movies, I don't care about the source material at all.  The only question : Is the movie entertaining - yes it is, in fact is for that reason that I give it 5 stars.    This movie is a master class in acting from Robert - whether that be comic or dramatic.  What other lead actor could play Tony Stark? Granted, that is an easy question, as there are not that many real 'actors' out there at the moment.  The reason I say this is that Robert has to play an unsympathetic yet occasionally charming and intelligent man.  This in itself is a challenge - which he rises to admirably.  People have to work with him, but they don't have to like him - in fact, that does lead to problems for the character.  Of course the supporting cast are right there with him - at or near his ability level.    The last line of the film is delivered perfectly by Robert and leads in to the next movie.  The last line is perfect because everything previous to it leads there logically - it is the only possible culmination in the film's world. You are left hanging on with a sense of anticipation, yet you laugh as well.    Perhaps one day we will see a Director's Cut of this, though I won't be surprised if we don't, as it is perfect.    If I could add one thing to this Blu-Ray set, it would be a commentary by the director and stars.  Very highly recommended.
1423113497|4.0|Wild adventure with kid protagonists. A hit with my family for whom I purchased this set as gifts. Excellent price.
B0026P3G12|5.0|Susan Boyle's \\"I Dreamed a Dream\\" is absolutely wonderful.  I love her voice and every song on it.  It's a treat every time I listen to her.
B000ZECQ08|5.0|I love this movie because you see the characters growing up. This one has a lot of Ron's character and he's my favorite. I also love the extras with Alfie & Matt.
B002UXRH10|3.0|When it has came to what Rihanna has gone thorugh this past year, there has no question about her personal life. It has been honestly more about the hard breakup and heartache she had to go through with her relationship with Chris Brown, and the domestic violence charges she had to go through with Chris, and the fallout she went through with her music. It sadly has shown a hard message. While she did return feeling stronger, it sadly is hard to say whether she could still be able to return with the same success she had showcased with A Good Girl Gone Bad from 2007. Unfortunately, that is well displayed with a darker more dormid edge in her music and her videos with her latest album. But is there a improvement in her music with Rated R, no that isn't here, and that is a rating down on this album.<br /><br />Rihanna's 2009 album Rated R, takes on a deeper and darker edge in her music. It feels more like it is gothic and dormid on the album, and doesn't show any sense of a harder edge in her music, taht feels upbeat, and brings in more variety than just the depressing tones on the album. That is shown widely on Rated R on the album and its tracks like the deep Russian Roulette, the so-called rougher edge on Hard, as well asother songs like Stupid In Love (which tries to capture the essence she showed in the dark saddened Unfaithful), and tries with a more bluesy effort with The Last Song. Unfortunately, it feels a album where she is shown that is more beaten to a hard core, rather than a edge of feeling she could fully arise from the heartbreak. Some of the songs also feel like it is taking direct aim at Chris as well in tracks like Rude Boy and Photographs, from the heartache, which does leave the listener not in strong strikes, but knowing more and less what the story is between her and her ex.<br /><br />All in all, while Rihanna has shown she could get back up on her feet, and take the llessons learned from her breakup, but it just doesn't feel like a well-delivered record with Rated R. I really wasn't very well driven into the record, and felt a bit more turned off in the soul. While I do wish Rihanna well with her ability to arise, I do wish she could've came out witha  much stronger record to show from the effort for her fans, and for herself. Well, we'll see what happens with the next record from her. Hopefully it can be stronger than what Rated R had shown.<br /><br />Album Cover: B-<br /><br />Songs: C-<br /><br />Price: C 1/2-<br /><br />Mastering: C<br /><br />Overall: C 1/2-ted R. I really wasn't very well driven into the record, and felt a bit more turned off in the soul. While I do wish Rihanna well with her ability to arise, I do wish she could've came out witha  much stronger record to show from the effort for her fans, and for herself. Well, we'll see what happens with the next record from her. Hopefully it can be stronger than what Rated R had shown.    Album Cover: B-    Songs: C-    Price: C 1/2-    Mastering: C    Overall: C 1/2-
B001KVZ6FW|4.0|This is a cute film with appropriate themes.  I especially appreciated that the writers/animators understand dog behaviors so well.  Everyone who owns and loves a dog will relate to the dogs in 'UP.'  Recommended for families.
B001UV4XWY|5.0|My husband and I both really enjoyed this movie.  There were a few things that didn't make sense (namely the part the government played) but overall it was a very suspenseful movie.  My husband said before the movie he would press the button but afterwards said no way!!
B002NACY2M|4.0|First of all you're not about to read an in-depth musical review of each track because I know absolutely nothing technical about music and I can't play a note. In any case I think that kind of artistic appreciation is far too subjective to be of any real use to anyone who's not listening with that particular reviewers ears. So that said, on we go...     Like some other reviewers, I too was initially not terribly impressed with Sting's new Winter-themed album and perhaps that was largely because I was disappointed that once again his muse has guided him to cover the work of another artist (or artists in this case), rather than record an entire album of original music. Perhaps it was also because on first hearing, this album all seemed a bit too heavy-going, dark and miserable - and that's coming from someone who doesn't think \\"The Soul Cages.\\" is particularly dark! But as one long-time Sting fan I say this to his legion of others; don't let the fact that it's not a collection of original songs dissuade you from giving the decidedly olde worlde \\"If On A Winter's Night.\\" a fair hearing - it's actually well worth it. Besides, this album is only really dark and miserable and hard work to listen to if you prefer to go through life wearing rose-tinted spectacles, or the darkest music you can tolerate happens to be that from the likes of Christina Aguilera or Eminem!       However, it is perhaps a slow-burn grower so you may not get into it straight away (especially if you were hoping for a pop-rock album!). But the chances are that if you have a reasonably open mind about what makes good music then the more you listen to the Mp3 samples of each track, the more the overarching deeply reflective mood and theme of the album will draw you in and soon have you completely hooked. That's what happened to me and having originally been quite turned off by the whole thing, I'm now completely in love with it and I can't wait for my copy to drop through the letter box.    Here Sting gathers around him a group of the finest musicians from an array of musical disciplines and together they put a fresh spin on a wonderful collection of traditional winter-themed songs and carols. There's also poetry set to music and even a little Bach with Sting's own lyrics added. In fact if like me the only thing you liked on Sting's \\"Songs From The Labyrinth.\\" album was his recitations of snatches of John Dowland's letters, then you'll be happy to read that you'll find a little of Sting's speaking voice on this new album too - used to similar effect.     If like me you couldn't get into that album because you just couldn't relate to the 400 or so year old music you were hearing no matter how many times you tried, then this new seasonal offering may well work a treat for you where his last one failed. It will also particularly appeal to you if your spiritual beliefs tend toward the agnostic and you're also turned off by the overly commercial nature of Christmas and the inevitable tooth-decaying saccharine of many (though not all) Christmas pop albums. As stated, this new Sting release is a hypnotic reflection on the winter season but if \\"If On A Winter's Night.\\" can be called a Christmas album, then it's definitely a Christmas album for grown-ups.     So go on, buy it. Turn on the stereo, switch off the lights, light some scented candles, pour yourself a glass of something mellow and warming, sit back, listen closely...and enjoy.
B000WZAE0Y|5.0|Good grief what a wonderful escape from everyday stress, to let my imagination blend into following this story and enjoying the beauty of the scenery and the great story. Evil witches, magic, and fantasy abound in a movie sort of intended to include romance as a main theme but it keeps that very subtle. In fact, this movie is worth buying just because of Robert De Niro's performance as Captain Shakespeare on a cloud surfing boat that collects lightning. You'll be flabberghasted at his character and how well Robert De Niro performs with all the pageantry required. I would have liked Kate Magowan to have played a larger role in the movie - what a sight for sore eyes she is. The movie is a rare treat for Sci-Fi/Fantasy fans, and I found myself deeply drawn into the movie - enjoying every bit of it from beginning to end. I recommend this movie as a must have DVD. Buy it. You'll love it. The sets are very well done, a lot of detail and expense went into this movie and I really like how it takes you through so many dangers and still manages to let you be very happy about the ending. For a movie about a star that falls from the sky and takes human form, this movie blew me away. Wonderful experience, marvelously done.
B000002JSN|5.0|This is one of my favorite albums. It may have been the first LP that I bought for myself as a teenager - yes I am that old. I more recently bought it on CD. Some of the best songs ever are on it. They don't make music like this anymore, unfortunately.
B00007GZR5|5.0|Aside from traditional teachings about heaven or hell, this movie explores possibilities beyond what most of us ever consider feasible and therefore we tend to disregard this kind of thinking before we acknowledge the beauty and transcending wonder of just might be the best movie to define the kind of love most of us really, honestly desire to be part of - both sides of such a depth of loving another person. Anabella Sciorra is a an absolutely beautiful woman who was able to find her prince charming fairy tale type partner and then through accidental death loses him and finds herself unable to get past the grieving over her loss. Robin Williams is the character married to Anabella's character, and the film takes us through several channels of him discovering heaven to be quite different than he anticipated. Then this fantastic adventure of imagination and splendor includes Robin Williams deciding in his role to seek out what may or may not be conquerable regarding the experiences of heaven and hell. Normally I don't like extremely serious dramas about very wealthy people who are so successful in life, because of how hard I've worked at it myself and just never have found open doors for me. But I couldn't help getting caught up in this film because in my heart I still hope for that kind of love, that kind of commitment to be reciprocated in a loving relationship, and this film does a super job of challenging my attention and some of the elements of the writer's imagination are simply put, fascinating beyond anything I had seen before I viewed this film. It came out almost 12 years ago, but the special effects and depth of entertainment would be just as well received today. The casting is excellent, the sets are excellent, and I recommend this film 100%. I have watched this film as often as any I own, and still can't get tired of viewing it.
B000002J09|5.0|A great collection by a great band. I lived in New Orleans around the time this came out, so the song about the levee breaking was very meaningful even back then. Stairway to Heaven was a big favorite played at every high school dance I ever heard of back then too. The words are great poetry by themselves. I find a lot of younger people don't get Led Zeppelin. A real shame.
B002LFPAUC|5.0|If you like British humor, if you like John Cleese, and if you like Monty Python humor, then you will understand the humor in this DVD. John Cleese runs a hotel, his wife abhors him and thinks he's a ninny, and the hired help for the hotel are hopelessly inept. A basis for most of us to be able to relate to Basil (who unfortunately actually is incompetent), the poor guy played by John Cleese, and that role is not quite as squeamish as John Lithgow is in 3rd Rock From The Sun, but along the same kind of humor. Prunella Scales is hilarious as an overbearing conceited British woman (the wife in the series), and the irreverent humor clashing in political incorrectness with German stereotypes who happen to be staying at the hotel is wonderful. Researching the hotel a bit by Googling \\"Fawlty Towers\\" gives you a marvelous insight on how this BBC TV series was based upon a real hotel, and the main character by John Cleese was inspired by a real person who was delightfully rude and boorish, as well as being a little bit nuts. The story's intentional complications and accidental misfires make this a very enjoyable farce about owning a hotel and trying to annoy people as much or more than they do you. I love this series, and first owned the series on VHS. Buy this DVD, you'll love it enough to want to keep watching and keep watching and keep watching until you've seen them all, and then start over again to see them over and over.  I recommend this highly to anybody with a love of British humor and even if you're just tired of being thought of as a boob in your own reality. Fun and entertaining without a doubt.
B000AGTPUU|5.0|I have had a copy of Polar Express from Amazon, last year, and my mom loved it, so I gave her my copy, and then got another one.  Now a friend of mine who has a 12 year old daughter loved it too, so I just purchased her a copy for a Christmas present.   It is a wonderful  Computerized fantasy, and one of my favorite scenes is when the waiter's come dancing into the club car, serving hot chocolate to the children on board.  You will enjoy watching it over again.
0061914177|5.0|Wow, if you're looking for a motivating read about many benefits of the social web, this is it! I can't believe I hadn't heard about this guy before finding this book by random chance. Gary is extremely passionate about what he does, and his personal story alone is enough to encourage anyone to give his method a try.    While this book is not as in-depth as a complete beginner to the social web would expect, it is simple enough to be followed by those who think a tweet is only something birds do. All in all, Crush It! was a fast-paced read that did more to motivate me to work at building a web presence, rather than instructing me in the specifics. Now go out and Crush It!
0316017922|5.0|This is the second book by Gladwell I've read, (the first being Blink) and once again he does not disappoint. Outliers poses some pretty interesting ideas, not due to their complexity, but rather due to their simplicity. These are the kinds of statements that you've probably always wondered about in the back of your mind, but never expressed or reflected upon.    If you want to understand success, this is a great place to start. Also, as with any Gladwell book, you'll learn a great deal of interesting facts and tidbits of information about everything from aerodynamics to hockey along the way.
B002NXSRX4|4.0|My dad wanted the bluray version of G.I. Joe to view on his HD , large projection screen tv. He is the ultimate movie lover. So he loved the dvd.
0679643362|3.0|This book came highly recommended from several sources, so I decided to give it a try. I think I would have liked it more had I not been expecting so much from Hesse. Overall, this is a rather simple tale with the essence of this book living in the details. Since it is such a quick read, I nevertheless would recommend it, especially if it falls outside of your literary tastes, for the simple fact that it may widen your world view. I definitely learned something about other cultures and for that Siddhartha was worth every minute.
B00129H7VS|5.0|Tom Hanks & Steven Spielberg originally produced this 10 hour long HBO miniseries about the exploits of E-Company from the US 101st Airborne during WWII. The interactive features on this set are astounding. With DVDs the best a fan could hope for where entertaining and insightful documentaries and commentaries, but with Blu-Ray you can actually have an interactive experience. One such feature is the \\"field guide timeline\\" where you can click and watch war-time news reels about the battles in question, look at interactive maps, or read info on soldiers & equipment as the episode plays. The other feature, my favorite, is where, w/ a picture-in-picture box, the actual men of Easy Company comment about what's happening on screen as the episode plays. This is a must own set for any WWII buff w/ a Blu-Ray player.
1554072840|5.0|I bought this book for my daughter (when she was 28 mos.) to help her with potty training and she LOVED reading it. We read it every day for a few weeks and then bit the bullet and put her in panties to speed up her potty training.  She kept saying she was \\"just like Prudence\\" because she would go pee pee on the potty. I highly recommend it!
B002VECMBI|3.0|I'm not sure what I'm missing that put this film at the top of so many critics lists for best film of 2009, but I'm not seeing what makes this film so exceptional. George Clooney plays a man who loves his isolation, traveling, and his job--firing people. The current economy has made that aspect of the film a relevant topic, but it's only an aspect of the film. It's mostly about growing up and figuring out what you want from life. \\"Up In The Air\\" gives an interesting character study and is written in such a way that the ending should have you talking; it is by no standards a bad film--just an overrated one.
B0026P3G12|5.0|The album is delightful.  Ms Boyle's debut album was worth the wait.  I hope that a second one will be along shortly.
B001OQCV60|3.0|Batman & Robin + a small dose of Indiana Jones + a dash of the slightest whisper of a tinge of steampunk + one too many \\"Bromance\\" moments = this film.
B0027BOL4G|5.0|I rented this dvd throught Netflix and it has taught me so much about the farming industry and the origin of food. You need to watch this and share it with everyone!
B000ZECQ08|5.0|I usually purchase the 2-disc editions.  I have found watching the second disc is as eventful as the movie itself, and this is no exception.  JK gets down and personal, revealing long kept secrets and facts, some that were quite a suprise.  Naturally, as a great HP fan, I recommend all the movies.
B000ZLFALS|4.0|I think this is a very good film that succeeds on its own terms, as a musical revue of the 1960's. A lot of the criticism of the film centers around the fact that it glosses over the tremendous upheavals of the 1960's by reducing them to glorified music videos. It is expecting too much to ask for a musical to really deepen our understanding of such a large historical moment. What the film does do well is remind us that there was a context for the Beatles' music. The settings for the songs serve as a kind of shorthand reminder of the larger context. Case in point: the setting of \\"Let it Be\\" as a funeral hymn sung at the funeral of an African-American boy killed in a race riot. On the one-hand, it reduces the racial tensions of 1960's America to three short minutes--on the other hand, it reminds us that \\"Let it Be\\" is really a hymn, a prayer for peace in a time of tremendous upheaval. And it is exquisitely sung. It is a moving moment in the film.    On the whole, Julie Taymor really makes the music come alive on the screen. Some of the voices are fantastic. Dana Fuchs is wonderful as the Janis-Joplinesque singer, and T.V. Carpio's tender rendition of \\"I Wanna Hold Your Hand\\" early in the movie drew me in completely. One of the other criticisms of the film is that the versions here can't hold a candle to the originals, and here I have to vehemently disagree. Lennon and McCartney were great performers AND great songwriters, and it is a testament to their strengths as the latter that their music can be reinterpreted with such success. But it is also a testament to the music producers, arrangers and singers that the new versions work so well. \\"Helter Skelter,\\" for one, is every bit as engaging as the original. The film is all the more impressive as many of the Beatles' recordings have become almost cliché--especially now that they have begun to be used more in advertising.    On the whole, a very imaginative film, which leaves you wanting more from director Julie Taymor.
0688014291|5.0|I am an office manager for several departments in a college, I deal with multiple personalities, multi-tasks, multi-administrators with different schedules.  This book simplifies the management duties, with common sense, and simple solutions, plus it's short and easy to read.
3836501899|5.0|My husband loved getting this book for Christmas. Very nice art book & not pricey. It's also interesting because it explains the history of the polaroid.
B002R0F3Q2|3.0|I,d like to see her do a christian or worship CD that would let people hear her in a different style of music to see how talented she is. I think it would be a better match than style she,s been doing.
B0017I0KVI|5.0|This is a great book! I just wanted to share, that I read all the reviews right before I bought the book, and I was a little worried that I'd hate it. My advice is: Read the book, and create your own opinion. Personally, I thought it was a good read. People say that it mostly revolves around Mr. Knightley's dinner parties, etc., but you all need to realize what time period this is. Going to dinner parties WAS an amazing enjoyment, and one of the few public appearances that they would make. I believe that this author DOES stay true to the novel. It is written in a slightly different language, for instance, not in Jane Austen's fancy words, but this is basically Mr. Knightley's thought process. If he seems a bit short with Mr. Woodhouse in his thinking process, put yourself in his place! : ) Especially considering that if this was indeed Mr. Knightley's diary, he'd be more open that if he openly addressed Mr. Woodhouse with how annoying he is. A bonus about this book: It has many good conversations between Emma and Mr. Knightley, that stick to Jane Austen's style, and the time period, yet provide lots of enjoyment reading their banter.
B0002TJGQS|5.0|I received my 5-pack of MADE IN JAPAN batteries today. This seems to be a great buy. I can't even buy 2 batteries for this price at the local store. I can't vouch for the longevity of the batteries though, as I haven't tested it, but they look authentic and are MADE IN JAPAN so I suspect they are good. Worked right away when I replaced the batteries in a scale.<br /><br />I purchased mine from MYBATTERYSUPPLIER.
B002VKE0XA|1.0|Interesting concept, horrific acting by the two leads, and the sound quality is AWFUL! This is the first movie I have had to put captions on to understand what the hell the actors were saying, and I have a decent home theater system. NOTHING happens the entire movie, the ending is underwhelming, and I was not scared the entire movie, not even a little jump. Definitely is not worth the 24.99 price tag, as well as the blu ray transfer being one of the worst I have ever seen audio and video wise. If you MUST see it, definitely a rental.
0385504225|4.0|I found the book a little dry in the beginning but that soon changed and I found I couldn't book the book down until I finished it. I thought I had the characters figured out; I was wrong becasue the ending took me by surprise.
006176759X|1.0|Conrad tries to make the story sound all sophisticated by using big words and colorful adjectives, but half the time she uses slang that CLASHES with the advanced vocabulary.
B0009FU0ZQ|5.0|This is the second in a series of 5 DVD's of the Jesse Stone stories. Tom Selleck is a good actor who has nailed this character to a tee... an ex LA Homicide cop who falls into alcoholism after his wife has an affair and divorces him, the drinking cost him his job.   His last chance is being the Sheriff of a small north-eastern town called Paradise.   In this one he has to deal with a serial killer who's come to town and seems to take an interest in him personally. With twist in the plot, a good script and great acting - this a very enjoyable film.
B000N6TX1I|1.0|One of the worst movies I have seen. Beautiful book, awful movie. I won't waste anymore of my time on this. Argh.
0060254920|5.0|I was so happy to receive this wonderful book in the mail so soon after I purchased it. The book is a wonderful story that reminds me of my childhood. I used to sit in the school library and read it quite often. Great buy.
0691142165|4.0|This book makes several comparations of GDP in different countries and in different times.<br />It is very interesting because an intelligent use of simple mathematical tools allows us to verify which correctives can avoid cyclic crisis.<br />The improvise fall of GDP can depends by structural facts, and understanding it in a good model is useful.<br />Increasing the flexibility of natural reactions to the market variations allows to mantain constant the principal trends.<br />Strong turbolence can be generate by a war.<br />If we often can't avoid this, we can preview a crisis with attention to the sociology.
B002LFAHBO|4.0|This is a wonderful romantic movie which I bought because unlike many of my other DVD's which never get watched again, I will crack this one out every Christmas and enjoy it with someone I love (or as a pick-me-up for those years I don't have love in my life).  Like \\"The Christmas Story\\", it's a staple on my Christmas viewing list.<br /><br />The movie follows several little love stories which collectively make the actual story about love itself.  Although not overly developed or unpredictable, each story is touching, funny, witty, and sincere.  The acting is excellent, and the pacing never lets you get bored.  The only reason I can think that you'd not enjoy this film is if you don't like the dry, wry British sense of humor, don't like \\"chick flicks\\", or don't like some of the actors.<br /><br />As for the technical aspects of the Blu-Ray transfer, I know nothing.  Although I have an HDTV, I couldn't tell you if the transfer is great or not.  I listen to everything on headphones (apartment living), so I wouldn't be able to tell you about the sound quality.  It is good enough for me, and crisper and clearer than the DVD.  That's about all I can tell you.
0470477237|3.0|The auctor explicates the deep influence that mass media have respect to the consumer.<br />The mass media are speed and ease to use; they are ready to conduct the information flow.<br />The people have better feed-back with them than  friend or a political man.<br />The youngs would like associate themself with brands valued by TV as cools.<br />It exists Facebook for this, while Cola, Pepsi, Starbucks change the way with which the people think.
6305511055|5.0|This movie reminds me of the movie \\"A Beautiful Mind\\" and a dozen other movies which tantalize the imagination with \\"big brother' themes. From mathematicians who believe the entire universe can be described using the magic of numbers to religious adherents who see ancient encrypted codes governing the secrets of mankind \\"Three days of the Condor\\" is one of many movies trying to explain that which baffles most people's minds. We drudge the ocean floor seeking rare pearls hidden in the mouths of otherwise practically worthless bivalves and pan for gold in the muddy waters of practically inaccessible waterways and get the notion that what is valuable in life is that which is obscured from normal view. Words and numbers have different meanings to different people and for those seeking secrets hidden in their perceptions of the symbols of the world around us will love this movie
0385504225|2.0|The book felt more like a rehash of The DaVinci Code and Angels and Demons. About half way through the book I was bored and felt a bit cheated that the author seemed to put himself on auto-pilot.
B001FB55I0|5.0|If you like the Terminator Series, this movie is a must. It is a very good story line with excellent effects. There's only one part of the movie that I thought was a little \\"cheesy,\\" but that's my opinion. I know what the reasoning behind it was, but I think it was just unnecessary. I won't say what it is because I do not want to spoil it.
B001PK5TIM|4.0|If you like gory and over the top to ridiculous violence this move is a fun romp. Gotta see it at least once.
0486282112|5.0|The plot and perhaps the character itself of Frankenstein has been manipulated and perhaps even corrupted by the passage of time. Few of those that dress as \\"Frankenstein\\" for Halloween know the true story behind the creature.  This is unfortunate as Mary Shelley's classic is among the best books ever written.  More than a monster story, it raises questions of morality and ethics.<br /><br />When Dr. Frankenstein sets to create the creature, it is to set his stamp on science.  But in many respects, he took on the role of a deity by creating a new life.  But that new life is neglected and shunned by his creator, causing him to reject his deity.  As this morality play progresses, the frightening reign of terror begins.  Dr. Frankenstein is faced with a moral dilemma that could halt the creature.  He must weigh the risks of this dilemma against the benefits.  Though quite predictable in terms of the plotting, Frankenstein set a standard in its time.  The creature is cunning in the traps and scenarios it lays for his creator making the villain more frightening.<br /><br />Shelly's writing also causes the reader to feel sympathy for the creature.  It is a struggle to maintain this feeling, but Shelley is able to meet this challenge.  In this respect the daemon is less demonized.
B002H3F7F6|5.0|I love this album. The music is wonderful and enchanted, as winter itself! Although there are a lot of great reviews on it, I don't think anyone mentioned the brochure which came with the album.  I think it is a masterpiece by itself, this little book about the music and people who made it, about the wonder and mystery of winter, and its place in our psychology and soul.  I can't stop READING it!  Bravo, Sting!
B0026P3G12|5.0|I was prepared to enjoy this CD simply because I enjoyed the few times I had seen and heard Susan perform.  This CD exceeded all of my expectations!  From the rousing title piece to the smokey seductive rendition of \\"Cry Me a River,\\" Susan shows the world that she is a first-class performer on a par with Barbra and Celine.  A \\"must have\\" for virtually any music lover!
0316044695|1.0|His sanctimonious tone ruins this otherwise 2 star book.  He actually blames \\"the liberal media\\" for the events that ensue after they decide to release the two civilians they run across during a recon.  I don't recommend this purchase.
B001GCUO4S|3.0|This was an ok film but the least fun and weakest of all the FD films. The x-ray opening and closing of the film was entertaining. The opening;  showing the scenes in x-ray sequence of all four of the films is very clever and enjoyable. The opening sequence at the race track was good but using autos have  been done before, FD2. Starting with FD3 and continuing even more with FD4; the characters are getting to be more and more nothing but brief card board cut outs and you care less and less about them.    I did not get to see this one in the theatres in 3D but the 3D here was the best that I have had in a dvd package. My suggestion is to see it in both 2 and 3D.    It is a very short film, 87 minutes.    I am glad I purchased this to complete my FD collection. Just hope that now the collection is complete for good.
B002PMV9FG|1.0|I'm not sure how Warner Brothers can get away with this.  I have watched literally thousands of major studio released DVDs in my lifetime and this is by far the worst looking title I've come across.  The picture is garbage.  It looks like a bootleg at best, especially while being played through and upconversion DVD player.  In the least, this piece of trash costs $15 (though I've seen it for over $20).  This is something that should be given away for free to see if consumers want to pay for an actual quality copy.  This goes beyond bad quality control, this is about a studio not giving a [you-know-what] and hustling away your hard earned money.    The Blu-ray release looks wonderful, and there are no such issues with their HD disc.  The video quality has nothing to do with the film, and everything to do with the inept DVD team at Warner Brothers.    Please do not buy this DVD if you like this movie and can see well.
B002SJIO5E|1.0|This is my first review but I had to write about this one DON'T Get this it's long and just bad...
B001OQCV9M|1.0|It is a good thing that Julia Child did not live to see this portrayal of her. She would have grounds to sue for defamation of character.  I have watched Mrs. Child since the sixties. She was no buffoon like the overrated Streep played her.  She was a very serious and educated person, not a clown.  I guess the only thing Ms. Streep based her portrayal on was Dan Ackroyd's SNL skit --- and even he was kinder to her than the Streepster was.
B002SJIO54|2.0|This movie was supposed to be a great movie and so I decided to purchase it. After watching it, I was extremely disappointed. I knew this movie was made cheaply and was suppose to be great, and so I wanted it to be great, I really did. However, I never really got into the movie and thought it was a waste of a couple hours. The effects are great and everything, I just never truly got into the story. Maybe two stars is a little harsh, but it is not worth buying, maybe worth a one night rental.
B0000DJZB9|4.0|This DVD contains every G N'R video ever made with the exception of You Could Be Mine. This is a great collector's item which Guns N' Roses fans will be sure to enjoy. This DVD contains videos the band made that were never aired on the music channels and this was a real treat. I would give this DVD five stars but they failed to include You Could Be Mine which is one of my favorite videos. Overall good buy.
B002T9H2LK|4.0|This movie is defiantly worth spending some money on. The only 3 bad ideas about it is that if you have not seen a Quentin Tarantino movie it might be slightly awkward. Secondly, the movie is very gory, so viewer's discretion is advised. Finally, how the movie ends is not at all factual, which might bother historians. Other than that this movie is extremely funny, interesting, well performed, well shot, and a great story. The three cons about it are so minuscule, and should only be extra information about it, not a reason to pass up on the opportunity to watch the movie. In parts, the movie could have been better, but that is Quentin Tarantino's style, and besides, no movie is perfect. To even put it up to that standard means it must have been a great movie. In Summary, if you spend any money on movies, this should be at least one of them.
1400063736|5.0|I was so afraid I would be disappointed by this book, but instead I have been pleasantly surprized and joyfully look forward each day to coming back to it at night.  A truly masterful work.  Several lines, themes, families, metaphoric fields, masterfully interwoven in a story that shines as it reaches toward ever higher aspirations.  The author is solidly in control throughout the novel and displays an astonishing ability to portray an array of disparate \\"voices\\" without ever a discordant note.  Haven't finished it yet; will regret having done so when I get there.  Wish it could go on and on.
0061719544|5.0|I have enjoyed watching him on T.V. but this book made me like him even more!<br />He doesn't try to hide the mistakes that he has made and he shows that he has learned from them.<br />He is proud to be an American citizen and does not hesitate to let it be known,  on his show and in his writing.
0743243153|5.0|This is the best book I have ever read. It explains most of the reasons for most of the mental disorders and the way they should be treated. Explains real cases and their outcome. It is the best!!!!!!!!!!
B0026P3G12|5.0|I will keep this short.  Susan has an extraordinarily beautiful, pure voice that she uses to delicately and confidently weave her own special gifts through several familiar songs resulting in an album that defies expectations, just as stupefying as her first rise to fame on the talent show.  What a beautiful way to begin the new year!  Songs that I would normally ignore are given special resonance, songs that I adore are made over in a way that both pleases and amazes--every song is great--what an amazing dream-come-to-life story this is, and what a truly beautiful album this is.
1401323820|5.0|If you are a fan of the TV series, the book is wonderful.  All the subtleties, the \\"glances\\", \\"hints\\", \\"meaningful looks\\", the \\"double meanings\\" come across perfectly.      If you like the series, you will like the book.  My only disappointment is that Castle's other books aren't available.  \\"Written by Castle\\", with credit mentions of his mother and daughter, is a fine touch.    About romance between his character Rook (the chess piece that looks like a Castle) and the detective Nikki Heat, well you must read the book to find out.    A fast, fun read.  I recommend it.
B002T9H2LA|5.0|I've read some other reviews and I can only be perpexed. Reviews can be opinions (objective) or opinionated (subjective). My objective opinion of \\"Inglourious Basterds\\" is that I was entertained a whole lot with a very clever and original script that could only be imagined by a smart and clever person. Action was good, when necessary, and suspense was ever present; occasional humor is always a plus. Acting was generally excellent, with Christoph Waltz (as Landa) the standout. He really makes you believe he loves being evil. Tarantino's dialogue is, as usual, rapid-fire, which made some of the sub-titled portions hard to follow, but the DVD format took care of that. Period detail was excellent as was the crisp, wide-screen cinematography. I was entertained and the ending is as satisfying as any I've seen. OK, Opinionated: I think Quentin Tarantino is extremely smart, not entirely crazy, and more in touch with his ideas and material than most give him credit. Credibility be damned, he knows how to spin a tale, always original, based on his experience as a film freak. At 2 ½ hours, I was never bored. A fantasy about the Holocaust (that's not \\"Springtime for Hitler\\")? Ingenious! Tarantino knows how to craft a film this crazy into an entertaining whole. He has my admiration, since \\"Pulp Fiction\\", \\"Kill Bill\\", \\"Grindhouse\\", and even \\"Jackie Brown\\". Originality isn't given enough credit in Hollywood, and, yes, Tarantino has developed a style, but that's not a bad thing. I loved his tribute to \\"Duel in the Sun\\" at the end...
B0029O0BLS|4.0|Typical of old movies transferred to blu-ray, nothing better than DVD; I would say not to waste your money but I've noticed that some of the blu-ray versions are actually cheaper now than the DVD.
B0000AQS0F|2.0|I've given it some thought, and after rewatching the pilot episode recently I've decided exactly what it is that I dislike about this show. Apparently it's a hugely popular show, despite only lasting for a single short season, and I think it's necessary to provide a counterpoint to all the glowing reviews hailing it as the best show ever.<br /><br />First, genre. \\"Firefly\\" is squarely an action-adventure series. Despite being set in the future, there is nothing particularly futuristic about any of the technology. There is also very little science fiction besides the arbitrary inclusion of a spaceship. Conflicts are generally resolved with gunfights, and the main ship itself is so comfy that one never really gets the idea that the crew are living in it. This approach avoids both the technical/scientific tropes common to the SF genre (time travel, aliens, black holes, etc) as well as the character-driven conflicts of mainstream drama (to which one can add \\"Battlestar Galactica\\", essentially a drama in space). Instead, \\"Firefly\\" is a Western, wholly content to live by the restrictions of that genre. Replace the spaceship with a riverboat, covered wagon, or Winnebago, and you'd have basically the same result. If there's no good reason for it to be set in space, then it shouldn't be set in space.<br /><br />Second, characters. Joss Whedon created and wrote the classic \\"Buffy: The Vampire Slayer\\", a clever genre show about teenagers. Perhaps it's because he's so accustomed to writing for teenagers that he doesn't really know how to write for adults, and as a result none of the characters in \\"Firefly\\" act their age. The relationships among the cast, as well as their behavior and emotions, are all appropriate for teenagers, who are no doubt the target audience. They tend to be selfish, sulky, and snarky, like your average sixteen-year-old. I'll admit that most SF shows have only simple characterization at the best of times, but this is just another example of \\"Firefly\\" aiming low. Rather than complex, dynamic and sympathetic characters, its cast consists of shallow stereotypes, all carefully distinguished by their various pulpy eccentricities.<br /><br />Third, setting. \\"Firefly\\" is a Space Western, or a Western (In Space!), and that gimmick drives the design, the dialogue, and most of the plotting. It is also totally contrived and silly. The supposedly witty and clever dialogue is delivered in a made-up dialect that renders it stilted and artificial. Planets look like Southern California, weapons look like Colt revolvers and Winchester rifles, and the captain wears suspenders. Therefore any attempt to make the show realistic or believable on any level is completely undermined. To top it off, the theme song is incredibly irritating (the singer even has a lisp), and the incidental music consists solely of steel guitar. Moreover, the whole show is presented to us with a sort of smug aura about it, as if the producers were really proud of themselves for coming up with this hackneyed old idea.<br /><br />At only thirteen episodes or so, \\"Firefly\\" never really had a chance to take off and develop anything. Maybe by the third season it could have been good; obviously it never got that far. But it never really tries anyway, and even the pilot episode fails to create any sort of excitement or tension. After watching it, I felt no desire to continue with the rest of the episodes to find out what happens. The only thing to recommend it are the visual effects, but the studio that created them moved on to \\"Battlestar\\", which was a more successful show in every way.
1423119509|5.0|It's a great set, something you would want to keep forever.  Plus the box is pretty cool.
B002GTZSZU|3.0|This is not a review of the film.  If it were, I would give it a 5 star rating.  But there are so many releases, I am confused which to own.  I currently own the single disc DVD 160 minute release but purchased a BD player for Christmas.  So I want to upgrade to the Blu-ray version, but which one?  Yes, I am confused.  There is a 2009 release of the directors cut of Amadeus with a run time of 180 minutes in an aspect ratio of 2.40:1 and the two disc version which comes with a book and now a 2010 release coming in February that is also listed as a directors cut but only 160 minutes in length.  The newer release is in aspect ratio 1.77:1 which I believe is more of a wide screen tv friendly size but I'm not sure.  Other than the aspect ratio and the different run time which I find confusing since they are all listed as \\"directors cuts\\", I don't see what justifies the release.  If anyone can explain the difference, I would really appreciate it. Will the newer 2010 release be worth waiting for or buying over the 2009 release and is it actually a 160 minute run time or is that a typo?  I sort of doubt that the IQ will be better or have there been improvements made there as well?  The price is within a dollar or two of each other so cost at this time is not much of a factor.    The 2010 release can be seen here;[[ASIN:B002VWOMN6 Amadeus (Director's Cut) [Blu-ray]]]
0393316041|5.0|I loved the book. One of the best; if not funniest, things I have read in a long time. I would gladly suggest this to anyone, period!
B000X9UCEW|5.0|I never thought I would be listening to music like this (especially the piano), but after I listened to this CD, it left me breathless. Part New Age, part Instrumental, part Classical, part Electronic, and part Ambient. Very nice indeed. Do yourself a favor and purchase this CD.
0385523904|5.0|Barbara Demick's accomplishment in \\"Nothing to Envy: Ordinary Lives in North Korea\\" is to succeed in helping readers to see the \\"ordinary\\" in a people whose lives more often seem the stuff of either satire or Orwellian nightmare. Many documentaries and articles on North Korea don't go much beyond footage of goose-stepping soldiers, perfectly synchronized gymnastic spectacles, or, at the other end of the spectrum, gaunt cheeked, malnourished children. One of the better films, \\"A State of Mind\\" does show the more human side of the residents of North Korea through two young gymnasts preparing for the mass games, but one is always aware that the family interiors one sees in the film belong to privileged people who live in the Potemkin showcase of the capital city of Pyongyang.<br /><br />The lives of the people Demick describes begin in Chongjin, a gritty industrial city far from Pyongyang, and end in South Korea, since all of them eventually defect. It would seem that the energy, resourcefulness, and courage that allows each of them to make a successful (and often harrowing) escape from one of the most tightly controlled places on earth also gives them the ability to depict their circumstances with great clarity. These North Koreans are a varied bunch, including a bright engineering student from a family with ties to Japan; a young woman whose family is of low status because her father was a South Korean soldier; a doctor who enjoys a fairly comfortable life by North Korean standards; a homeless boy who must shift for himself; and a woman whose devotion to the Kims, father and son, is so great that she helps enforce ideological purity in her neighborhood. In particular, it is the experience of each of them during the years of the \\"Arduous March,\\" that is, the famine of the 1990's, that shapes the arc of redoubled devotion to the state, then disbelief at the failures of the state, then disillusion, and, finally, despair that characterizes each life.<br /><br />I have also not seen a better account--the detail that Demick has compiled is astonishing--of the famine years and of the ruin of an economy that was, once upon a time, more prosperous than that of South Korea. The scenes she draws of desperate citizens scavenging copper from the useless electrical grid, of women foraging for grasses and herbs with which to make soup, and of schoolchildren so listless from hunger that they cannot lift their heads from their desks are unforgettable. So too are the accounts of the various escapes across the Tumen River into China and the perilous (and circuitous) passages to South Korea, often via Mongolia. A carefully polished picture of Kim Jong Il, along with one of his father, Kim Il Sung,  may be in every North Korean home, but Kim Jong Il is a cruel, distant and indifferent emperor in this book. In a way, his determination to rely on nuclear arms to secure his nation's security makes a kind of obscene sense. Only an all-powerful emperor in possession of an outsize military, only a tyrant who is bent on maintaining power at all costs and solely for its own sake, could command the fearful loyalty of a people so badly betrayed by Communist ideology. Demick's North Koreans are straight out of Orwell, from the electrical shortages, the grimy apartments, the blaring propaganda, and the vile food right down to the paper shortages and the precious razors that are available only on the black market. It is no coincidence that one of the last photographs in the book is of the young engineering student, now trying to makes his way in South Korea, clutching a copy of \\"1984.\\"<br />M. Feldmantter account--the detail that Demick has compiled is astonishing--of the famine years and of the ruin of an economy that was, once upon a time, more prosperous than that of South Korea. The scenes she draws of desperate citizens scavenging copper from the useless electrical grid, of women foraging for grasses and herbs with which to make soup, and of schoolchildren so listless from hunger that they cannot lift their heads from their desks are unforgettable. So too are the accounts of the various escapes across the Tumen River into China and the perilous (and circuitous) passages to South Korea, often via Mongolia. A carefully polished picture of Kim Jong Il, along with one of his father, Kim Il Sung,  may be in every North Korean home, but Kim Jong Il is a cruel, distant and indifferent emperor in this book. In a way, his determination to rely on nuclear arms to secure his nation's security makes a kind of obscene sense. Only an all-powerful emperor in possession of an outsize military, only a tyrant who is bent on maintaining power at all costs and solely for its own sake, could command the fearful loyalty of a people so badly betrayed by Communist ideology. Demick's North Koreans are straight out of Orwell, from the electrical shortages, the grimy apartments, the blaring propaganda, and the vile food right down to the paper shortages and the precious razors that are available only on the black market. It is no coincidence that one of the last photographs in the book is of the young engineering student, now trying to makes his way in South Korea, clutching a copy of \\"1984.\\"  M. Feldman
B000R9RGF6|5.0|I never thought I would be listening to music like this (especially the piano), but after I listened to this CD, it left me breathless. Part New Age, part Instrumental, part Classical, part Electronic, and part Ambient. Very nice indeed. Do yourself a favor and purchase this CD.
B002TZS5GU|1.0|I usually like viral/apocalyptic movies, but I don't like writers who cop out by not explaining anything about their virus.  What is it?  When did it start?  How far did it spread?  I don't need to be spoonfed but I'm tired of writers who don't know themselves what's going on.  And it's dull as dishwater.  The four leads are not likeable even though their performances are pretty good considering the material.  The best performance is from LAW AND ORDER SVU's Chris Meloni as the distraught father.  Just a mess for me.
0739319175|2.0|Angels and Demons - audacious and suspenseful. Da Vinci Code, decent follow up. Lost Symbol; BORING. I am not caring about the characters, I am not caring about the plot, I am not caring about the resolution. Worst part of book: bad guy has Langdon in his clutches, gets a key piece of info from him, and then TURNS TO LOGIN TO HIS PC. Like, sure wait a sec I just wanna check Twitter a minute, and post your pic on Facebook, there, I'm done. All action and suspense drains down the tubes at that point.<br />Ok, I vented. I bought it, I listened to i, now to eBay.
B000I9U8VO|5.0|This is the best in sci-fi right along with Star Trek, Matrix, Terminator and Predator. Oh! and Star Wars!
B001B71NOI|4.0|This album is excellent. Not quite as strong as the last few by NIN, but it returns to their older style of music. Several fans were put off by Year Zero and the change in sound that was on it. This album is the \\"apology\\" or return from that. Personally I liked Year Zero a lot, but this album is very accessible for his hard core fans and those that preferred the first few albums to what he's been putting out more recently. I listen to this album often and rarely skip a track and when I do it's not because it's a bad track, it's because I'm not in the mood for that song. Really this is some of the best stuff he's put out in years.
0385737424|4.0|It's the late `70s and Miranda and her mom are living in an apartment in New York City.  Miranda's experiencing changes in her life with her friends.  She's not sure why, but her one and only friend Sal has started to avoid her.  Then she makes a new friend in Annemarie, and a sort-of friend in Marcus, and also develops a crush on Colin.  Then there are the notes that keep showing up and freaking her out, the crazy man on the corner who she hopes is sleeping under the mailbox when she walks by.  Of course, there's the naked streaking man too.    This all ties into Madeleine L'Engle's, \\"A Wrinkle in Time,\\" but in a way you probably won't see coming.  You may have an inkling, but I don't think you'll get all the way there.  Stead unravels her tale slowly, yet keeping you interested in the lives of Miranda, Colin, Sal, Annemarie, Julia, Richard and Miranda's Mom (can't remember her name, or if we're even given one...sorry!).    I've heard rumblings that this one will be a Newbery contender this year.  I think it's definitely got the potential!    Notes on the Cover:  I love the layout of a neighborhood with symbols for things that we see in the book, like the school, the bread for Jimmy's sandwich shop, the mailbox, the shoe, the $2 bill...It's subtle, colorful and eye-catching.  Lovely.
B001UV4XUG|5.0|Saw it 3 times in theaters! I suck at explaining films without spoiling, but if you're a fan of films like Eternal Sunshine you will love this. <3
B000OT8GCQ|1.0|ive literally read over 500 book this one is at the bottom of my list it was like pearl harbor i loved john and his dads character but savannahs character i hated how she kept leading him on bottom line it compltely and totally sucked
0071636080|5.0|Carmine encapsulates the master's principle's beautifully and provides them in an easy to follow set of techniques and guidelines that can any presenter can add to their bag of tricks. See (and hear) Carmine's SlideRocket presentation on The Presentation Secrets of Steve Jobs here [...]
0061655546|5.0|Veteran Wall Street Journal reporters Bryan Burrough and John Helyar have written a masterful and powerful epic that represents journalism at its best.  What makes their journalism so great is not merely their meticulous and painstaking research, and not even their fluid flawless narrative rendering of the chaotic take-over of RJR Nabisco in the late eighties. Rather it's their psychological penetration of the epic's characters, allowing us a glimpse of their twisted worldview that combined form the ethos of corporate America and Wall Street today.       The anti-hero of this sad story is Ross Johnson, the chief executive of RJR Nabisco. Johnson was careless and callow, glib and greedy, a powerfully charismatic Canadian who would maneuver and manipulate his way into one of America's most powerful executives simply by appealing to everyone's worst instincts:  he flattered and bribed his way to the top.  As chief executive of RJR Nabisco (the result of the merger of Standard Brands (which Johnson led) into Nabisco, and then of that entity into RJ Reynolds), Johnson was king and kingmaker.  He had his own air force, a loyal band of executives called the Merry Pranksters, and an army of celebrities.  For whatever reason -- the authors speculate that he was just a impulsive personality or he felt pressure from his trophy wife or he was trying to escape the grief from his son in a coma -- Johnson destroyed his own empire by making a pact with Wall Street and making a gamble that showed the depth of his greed.  Johnson and his bankers would attempt a leveraged buy-out of RJR Nabisco, making it private (essentially stealing it from shareholders) and making him insanely rich.    In the end, all the LBO did was make Johnson insane.  When the authors first introduce us to Johnson we as readers find it hard to imagine that there could be people more corrupt and depraved than him, but then Wall Street enters the picture.  Gone are the days of the gentlemen banker, and today it'sthe aggressive hard-charging thugs(as typified by the LBO specialist Henry Kravis) who rule Wall Street.     It is these cruel and sadistic bankers that would compete against each other for the biggest prize in corporate America.  The battle would offer a lot of moments of tragicomedy, as well as of surreal greed and depravity.      The funniest scene in the book is when Henry Kravis's arch-nemesis Ted Frostmann arrives to negotiate with Ross Johnson and his bankers to see if they could join forces.  Not only did they make Frostmann and his team wait hours but they did so because they were busy negotiating with Kravis to come to terms:  they had used and insulted Frostmann, and when the negotiations with Kravis broke down they incredibly asked the angry Frostmann to negotiate, and incredibly he did.      And then there is the entire bidding process for RJR Nabisco, where everyone abandoned manners and decency, reason and sense to sate their insatiable greed.  At the end the book's arch-villain Ross Johnson also turned out to be its most poignant and pathetic character, helplessly and haplessing witnessing the world implode around him.  The only thing he could do was laugh hysterically.      Reading the book we readers are forced to think Wall Street as a confederacy of dunces, but looking back at what actually happened -- all of Wall Street triumphed and because it's a small network the bitterest of rivals quickly reconciled with each other, RJR Nabisco's executives either rose in power or were rescued by golden parachutes, and RJR Nabisco was destroyed -- RJR Nabisco shareholders could not be considered too paranoid if they thought the entire fiasco were a wild conspiracy by America's powerful elite to steal the company from them.  In the end, America's financial system almost guarantees that no matter how incompetent and stupid, evil and malicious its leaders are they will always triumph.      And that is something that no one can laugh at.
B00127RAJY|1.0|To be fair, I didn't actually do this workout.  I do not like being forced to listen to someone ramble on every time I play a workout video.  There is no way to fast forward through Jillian's introduction.  I usually watch a workout video before actually doing it.  Because Jillian's introduction is longer than I care to endure every time I put it into my DVD player, I decided to discard this tape.  I own the \\"Banish Fat Boost Metabolism\\" tape, but was bored with it after about a month.  I am athletic, so it is, at times, difficult for me to find challenging workouts that will hold my attention for an extended period of time.  The concept seems great, but I don't have the stomach for the long intro.
0618918248|4.0|I thoroughly enjoyed TGD, and appreciate the logic with which it was written.  It does indeed point out the absurdity of an intelligent creator and at least the typical monotheistic idea of God.  It is also a good introduction into rational thought vs. religious thought, and forces the reader into following a scientific system of reasoning when looking at evolution, rather than a religious and dogmatic one.  The only problem that I see is that the language used may be out of reach for those with less than a college degree, and even some with one.  At times Dawkins covers some very dry subject matter, but if you stick with it he eventually brings it all back to his thesis.    It's a definite must-read for those questioning their faith, looking for an alternative to religious explanations of life as we know it, and atheists seeking more scientific evidence against an intelligent creator god.
B002RSDW80|4.0|Why does nearly every friggin movie and television show have to have the writer's little political jabs included in what is supposed to be entertainment. I'm sure Nora Ephron thinks she is being out spoken and clever to include jabs at political parties she finds offensive - she isn't. It takes a very little person to subject an audience to annoying winks and nods while congratulating herself and then picking their pockets. I could care less about what Ephron thinks of Democrats or Republicans and I wish she would be professional enough to keep it to herself and just tell the story. I am aware of Child's political views but some of the nasty little asides were way out of context.<br /><br />That being said, the film has some wonderful moments. Streep is especially good as Julia Child. The movie lags in the last half and had me wondering if the director or the writer loved everything they were doing a little too much. It could use a trim.<br /><br />So melt another stick of butter, lift your champagne glasses and toast... Here's hoping Ephron grows up!
B001FB55I0|3.0|Terminator is like one of those franchises where if there's enough rumors and speculation about a potential sequel in the future, you can bet some screenwriter or producer is like \\"hey yeah! we can make a new...\\" and find someone with the interest in doing it. I mean Terminator 1 and 2 are considered, T2 especially, to be classics so any director would most likely snap at the chance in doing another installment even if the fanbase or the story doesn't need it and so we have Terminator Salvation, a film directed by McG who's predominantly known for directing Charlie's Angels on the big screen. So how's the film? It's strangely not...bad? Well I shouldn't say that as there's clear problems with the film right from the get-go whether it's script-related or just the direction in the film,there's so many off elements that it feels like the good stuff has to battle it out with the bad stuff just to save face. It's not an utter travesty like many claimed but the movie just does so much wrong that it's like doing a guitar solo and for every awesome moment, there's just dead notes.    The year is 2018 (a year shown in red against a black background which made it strangely hard to read for me) and Judgement Day has happened leaving mankind to fight to survive not only in terms of supplies and shelter but in their war against the machines developed by Skynet. Found wandering the wasteland is Marcus Wright, a former death row inmate now walking a world he's unfamiliar with and with company he's just met, namely Kyle Reese and small mute girl Star. Also in the former world fighting the machines is John Connor, who some believe to be the savior for humanity while others believe he's just nutty (though we strangely don't get that side of the conflict in the movie much). Marcus and John will eventually meet and form an unlikely partnership as they try to take down Skynet.    My problems with the story strangely can be best evidenced in the \\"Maximum Movie Mode\\", the innovative commentary/picture-in-picture/analysis of the film you might've seen in the \\"Watchmen\\" release. Near the end of the film, McG shows us 2 deleted scenes: the first being one uninterrupted take of John Connor delivering a speech prior to the infiltration on Skynet and urging them not to attack. It's a more personal and indeed more upfront Connor and almost humanizes him more, especially when he brings up his mother Sarah, a woman thought crazy now proven to have been right all along and director just took it out. Then there's the 2nd: Kyle Reese, played by Anton Yelchin, reaches into his pocket and takes out a photo of Sarah Connor, the familiar one we all know from the end of the first film. This could've had huge symbolic weight to it. Imagine it: you literally hold your future in your hand, that being a woman you fall for, a woman you conceive a child with and a woman you die for protecting her and all this for somebody what...late teens, early 20's? Yet it's taken out. Then there's nods to the old films like the line \\"I'll be back\\", which previously brought with it impending doom (first one) or a welcome rescue hero moment (second movie)...here? It's just any old line of dialogue. They even bring back Guns N Roses \\"You Could Be Mine\\" for no other reason than to go \\"hey remember this from T2?\\" Then there's weird plot elements that are either missing (what happened to owning dogs to warn them of approaching terminators? Or was that later? Or how a gigantic-ass Transformer-sized robot can creep up on a shack in the middle of nowhere. What, was he on his tiptoes?    So obviously you can see I don't like the story but how's the action you ask? Quite good actually...for the first bit. Metal Gear stealth robot moment aside, that whole section which culminates in a high-speed car chase on the highway is awesome and the digital effects are better than ever and with an eye that's noticed bad and good CGI over the years since Jurassic Park, this is some fine CGI,though the surprise cameo at the end is incredibly dodgy. But the film kind of loses steam after a character is imprisoned and 2 others captured and even then the action almost feels ordinary. Acting-wise it's...fine with Christian Bale still doing that \\"smokes 10 packs a day\\" voice he used for Batman or he just simply whispers while Bryce Dallas Howard is barely given anything to do, ditto for Common who we see has an arc involving a dead brother but that just disappears. One pulling the weight is Sam Worthington, now seemingly the hottest thing in sci-fi thanks to this, \\"Avatar\\" and forthcoming \\"Clash of the Titans\\" whose accent occasionally wavers but delivers on a good character arc. And boy-in-a-man's-world Anton Yelchin does a serviceable job as Kyle Reese though was oddly better as Chekov in \\"Star Trek\\".    Ever since commentaries entered the DVD special features, many directors utilized this bonus to comment on the filmmaking process, scene inspiration or working with a certain actor. Now with Bluray, studios are enhancing it a bit further with what's called \\"Maximum Movie Mode\\", a sort of commentary hybrid that mixes picture-in-picture showcasing the filming of a certain scene compared to the final image, storyboards and concept art, interviews by the cast and crew and more prominently, a presentation done by the director that points out certain elements on screen or dissects a certain element. While it's certainly innovative and handy, it can also lead to some parts being missed entirely such as the scene where Marcus discovers the truth about himself (the part spoiled in the trailers) and instead of commenting on the concept behind the scene and the discussion it creates, McG talks about the different acting styles of the 2 and just wants the \\"camera to do the talking\\". The rest of the special features are functional though they're hardly on the same level of detail as Star Trek's bonus features was. As far as the director's cut is concerned, like another reviewer pointedout, there's some small omissions and some little moments taken out but it isn't a radical re-design of the film so don't expect the same kind of shift that tends to accompany a director's cut.    Is Terminator Salvation worth a purchase? Yes and no though I'm sure people will lean towards a no. It has nothing as far as the humanity elements from T2 yet it's way better than Terminator 3 so this is either hopefully a stumbling block in this \\"reboot\\" if you will or we're going to suffer 2 more average-but-could-be-better entries. Either way, it's a Bluray showcase, it's a home theater showcase, just not a great movie.
B00168OIOE|5.0|My daughter absolutely loves this movie. We love the Blu ray, it has even more features and it's just awesome!! Love it!
B000W7JWUA|4.0|My wife and I were a little intimidated by the 4-5 page instruction book, but after we really figured it out, it was fun and actually simpler than it first seemed.
B002VKE1K2|1.0|Oren Peli's 2007 debut film falls prey to the William Castle idea of a gimmick film to lure people in. Well, I was lured in, well, more like I stumbled in out of boredom and barely existent interest, but I had nothing better to do, so why not see what the big deal was about.    Running at 80 some minutes only about 15 minutes, if that, consists of the \\"paranormal activity\\", the rest is spent with two genuinely horrid actors doing their cringe inducing \\"best\\" to come off as a real couple, as real people, but they're more like caricatures than anything else, really.    As for the scary bits, they simply didn't scare me once; some things were sort of cool from a technical \\"ooo, how'd they do that\\" perspective, but the point of the film was to frighten me, not slowly put me into a coma occasionally checking the run time to see if it was almost over.    Films that rely on build up are hit or miss; the hits, films like Audition and Straw Dogs, work phenomenally with atmosphere and tension, the misses, like Paranormal Activity and the Blair Witch Project, don't work at all because there is no atmosphere, no sense of anything really, and when you're supposed to be frightened of a demon dragging you out of your bed that's not a good thing.    & I refuse to give it credit for \\"originality\\" simply because Hollywood insists on churning out remakes and adaptations of comic books & kid's fantasy novels doesn't make a painfully mediocre film any good or worth note.
B002HNA95E|4.0|This have to be one of the best collections of all time.. Amazing Madonna. Still, there's a lot of missing songs... So if u have the chance, get this and u won't regret it.    [..].
B001AVCFJM|5.0|This is such a great movie, but I'm a trekkie, so no surprise.  Actually, my son thought it was good and he is a Star Wars fan.  Highly recommend because you can view on computer also.
031236198X|5.0|This book is unique writing - I like it! It tells a fable involving a colony of 268 penguins, seemingly  living in relative comfort on an iceberg in Antarctic. A seemingly great life because one penguin, Fred, is observing a life-altering event occurring all around the colony - \\"the iceberg is melting and might break apart soon.\\"  The observation raises a series of questions among them the following three: (a) How does one demonstrate that there is a problem and it is serious one? (b) How does one convince the residents of the colony to change successfully? (c) What do they change to?    Fred, though observant, is a natural leader. First he approaches Harold who is popular, but Harold laughs him off.  Unwilling to quit Fred finally finds an ally in Alice. He takes Alice around the iceberg and convinces her of the unavoidable collapse of the iceberg.  With Alice's help, or because of her help, Fred secures a meeting with the leadership of the colony, especially Head Leader Louis. Despite tremendous resistance, and sometimes even ridicule, Fred, Alice, Louis, and a few others help the colony avoid danger.     How the colony avoids danger is the moral of the fable, and is nicely summarized on pp. 130-131 of the book: \\"Set the stage. Decide what to do. Make it happen. Make it stick.\\" Doing so requires \\"reducing complacency and increasing urgency\\" (p. 43), \\"pulling together a team to guide the needed change\\" (p. 55), \\"creating a vision\\" (p.69), \\"communicating the new vision\\" (p. 81), \\"empowering everyone\\" (p. 97), \\"not letting up\\" (p. 117), \\"ensuring that the changes would not be overcome by stubborn, hard-to-die traditions\\" (p. 123), and, I must add, rewarding the effort. Following these simple steps the colony changed successfully to a new life style and it thrived thereafter.    Leadership principles in an easy-to-understand fable. An excellent piece of work!    Amavilah, Author    National Wealth Accounting and Baseball Player Exports: Economic Implications for Performance ISBN: 978-3838330099    Economic Versus Non-Economic Dimensions of the Well-being of Nations. ISBN: 9783838320984     Modeling Determinants of Income in Embedded Economies. ISBN: 1600210465     Quotable Arthur Schopenhauer. ISBN: 9781430324959
B00006RAKP|4.0|Who doesn't love Elton John?  This CD set has almost all of my favorite EJ songs.
B000Y7U98W|5.0|This is a gripping Sci-fi film directed by Danny Boyle (28 Days Later & Slum Dog Millionaire)with a fantastic and believable atmosphere. The plot does fallow some classic Sci-Fi movies to a point, but when you mix in such a talented director and a great cast you come out with Nerd Sci-Fi bliss.... The music is original and new age with a STRONG character role and the gloomy hallways and the underlining feeling of aloneness makes this movie one of my top Sci-Fi movies of the decade!!!
0439023491|5.0|OMG! I'M MIGHT GO CRAZY WAITING 'TILL AUGUST FOR THE 3RD ONE TO COME OUT. 100 TIMES BETTER THAN THE 1ST ONE. REALLY KEPT YOU REELED IN FROM BEGINNING TO END, HATE THE WAY IT LEAVES YOU HANGING THO! SURE WAY TO GET ME TO PRE-ORDER THE 3RD BOOK. LOL
B001FB55I0|4.0|To give you an idea where I stand with the Terminator franchise, I give T1 and T2 5 stars and T3 3 stars... This film was gritty like the first with a fresh and new direction. This time dealing with the months and years after \\"Judgment day\\" John Connor is finding the path that will ultimately lead him to save humanity. It easily out shined the 3rd installment and kept on pace with the first 2. An easy 3.5-4 star review..... I can't wait for Mc G's next story arch...
B0029LHW68|5.0|I have been a fan of 30 Seconds To Mars since they began. I always loved Jared Leto's heart wrenching vocals and their spacey genre.<br /><br />A Beautiful Lie was an awesome album, and I didn't think they could ever top it, but with the band's comeback after 4 years of toil and trouble with Lawyers, EMI Records and promoters, they have done it again.<br /><br />From the opening Escape to the triumphant L490, this album just screams out to the listener to put on their headphones, print out the lyrics and really understand what Jared Leto is saying to them with his lyrics.<br /><br />Sure their is some other band styles and mimic is the greatest form of flattery. There are some Policelike, NINlike, U2like songs, yet Leto pulls them off with mind-blowing lyrics and vocals.<br /><br />My favorite two songs on the album are \\"Night Of The Hunter\\" and \\"Closer To The Edge\\". With upbeat angst lyrics, this sterotyped \\"Emo\\" band shows that they can rock and wail. Leto's emotional vocals compliment the songs wonderfully. When Leto sings he pours every emotion into his music. That's what puts him in a whole 'nother level.<br /><br />If you listen to the album in sequence, you can close your eyes and visualize the story that Leto is trying to tell you. 30 Seconds TO Mars has always been my personal Muse for my creativity in my writing. Being a Sci-Fi/Fantasy writer, listening to their music helped me to help my readers to see my fantasy world in my books. If my books ever get made into movies, I guarantee that 30 Seconds To Mars will have some songs on my soundtracks. I personally have been motivated to make a concept video companion for DVD for the album to make things \\"more visual\\" for the listener.<br /><br />This album will be placed in my \\"Best of 2009\\" list, \\"Kings And Queens\\" -best new song and video, and Best Alternative/Progressive Album of the Decade.<br /><br />StarrEchelon<br />Music Critic/Reporter  Starr Gazing Mag  [...]
B0017I1FO4|5.0|If this is madness, I don't want to be sane. What a great album. Wonderful rocking melodies; interesting lyrics.[[ASIN:B0017I1FO4 The Sound Of Madness]]
1844137872|5.0|I really hate 99% of graffiti. It is destructive and at best it's bad art, but usually it's just plain crap done by really stupid bored kids. Destruction is always the simplest thing to do. That said - Bansky is brilliant. He is an artist (better yet an angry artist with a lot to say and a n excellent sense of humor). This book is a must for lovers of contemporary art.
B001U0HBPG|4.0|Running time: 2 hrs. 45 min.  Rated PG-13.<br />  The movie begins with a dying old woman, Daisy (Cate Blanchett), in the hospital as Hurricane Katrina approaches. She askes her daughter, Caroline (Julia Ormond,) to get her the dark suitcase. This suitcase is filled with many personal keepsakes that are dear to the woman and now is the time to share them with her daughter. She asks Caroline to read from the diary she has kept.<br />  The diary begins with a baby being born at the end of the first Great War. His father, Thomas (Jason Flemyng) runs home to his wife (Joeanna Sayler) whom has just given birth, but soon dies afterwards. Thomas, seeing that the baby is deformed, runs off with the newborn out of the house and leaves it on the backstairs of the home of Queenie Jamison (Taraji P. Henson), a black womam who takes care of other borders, mostly seniors. She takes pity on the baby as it is born looking old. She names the baby, Benjamin.<br />  At 5-years old, Benjamin is still an old man with a child's body. It is difficult for him to walk because of the disease he was born with.<br />  In 1930, Mrs. Fuller (Phyllis Somerville) notices Benjamin is walking straight up and looking younger. She jokes that it must be some kind of elixir he is taking. [Best line in the film].<br />  She introduces Benjamin to her granddaughter, Daisy.<br />  By the time he is a teenager, we notice that he really was a baby born of a miracle. His face becomes younger-looking every year as well as his body begins to develop biologically younger.<br /> At the age of 17, as he takes his first job aboard the tugboat Chelsea, we are taken on a journey of his life in this epic movie nominated for a record 13 Academy Awards, but only a winner of 3 Awards for Art Direction, Visual Effects and Make-up.<br /><br />Also in the cast: Elle Fanning, Jared Harris, Tilda Swinton, Edith Ivey, Ed Metzger.<br /><br />  In real-life, their are children who are born with Hutchinson-Gilford disease that causes premature aging in the young children in facial appearance and atrophy of muscles and skin. It is a very rare condition. They are not expected to live a long life.<br />  For the sake of this movie, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button (2008), the plot of being born old and biologically growing younger is merely just fantasy for story-telling for this film.<br /><br />  This single-disc DVD does not contain any Special Features, however the USA Criterion DVD Edition does.<br /><br />Option of audio in English, French, Spanish<br /><br />Option of subtitles in English, French, Spanish.uses premature aging in the young children in facial appearance and atrophy of muscles and skin. It is a very rare condition. They are not expected to live a long life.<br />  For the sake of this movie, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button (2008), the plot of being born old and biologically growing younger is merely just fantasy for story-telling for this film.<br /><br />  This single-disc DVD does not contain any Special Features, however the USA Criterion DVD Edition does.<br /><br />Option of audio in English, French, Spanish<br /><br />Option of subtitles in English, French, Spanish.
8478886559|5.0|Despues de tanto tiempo volvi a comprar este libro y me doy cuenta que la pelicula no se compara con este libro. Es increible divertidisimo, y un libro adictivo, despues de leer este tienes que comprar el otro y asi con el otro y el otro hasta el ultimo libro. Me hubiera gustado que el final fuera diferente pero aun asi esta buenisimo.
B002N1AF8G|5.0|This is a great CD.     Tour de France Étape 1, 2, and 3 are rather more like 1 big track split into 3 parts. It's rather like a cycling version of the Autobahn track from their classic album Autobahn. All of the songs on the CD have a nice sound to them, it's easy to relax too, yet at the same time, I can imagine cycling to it as well. I wasn't sure if I would like this as much as their older stuff, but it turned out to be great.       (This review is for the 2003 edition titled Tour De France Soundtracks, however, this is not truly a remaster but a repressing as it was already recorded on high quality digital equipment. I believe the only difference here is the tracks are divided up slightly different where they flow together)
B0028RXXE8|4.0|I have had a problem with the subtitles - the English language subtitles come on by themselves after about 5 to 10 minutes.  Turning them off is only temporary as they come back on after another 5 or 10 minutes.  I'm curious if anyone else has had this problem with this series.      Rome is as excellent as most people say.    The series gives a very good feeling for the historical time period, morality, ethics, and customs of the Roman people. The way the series is filmed makes you feel as if you are on the streets and in the homes of the people, like you know them.       This is nothing like Shakespeare play nor is it a watered down or glorification of these people.  This is probably as true to the period of time as one can get in a film.     Some may be bothered by the violence, language and sex - of which there is plenty - but from what I understand - these things were as prevalent then as portrayed in the series.  Its a bit disarming at first. But once you are used to it - it makes perfect sense. Parents - beware of letting your kids watch this by themselves.      It is very engrossing to watch how the Romans dealt with the classes, honor, religion, politics, economy, war, love, death, money, family and friendships.     The disk set has an added bonus of being able to select an on screen display that puts the scenes in historical context - explaining the Roman clothing, holidays, employment, relationships, buildings furniture, art, battles, etc. as the story progresses.  I recommend watching the series with this feature on. This means you will be highly entertained - taking in the plots, sub plots and relationships as well as getting a full fledged education on this period of history.  You will come away with a rich memory of a beautiful series as well as becoming a historical maven on this period of time.  You will be a better person for it.     The photography, writing, dialogue, directing, editing, art direction, costumes, music and sets are just prefect.I must commend every single actor in this series - every performance is nuanced and real. There is not one weak actor in the entire cast and some are exceptional.    I must commend the producers and HBO for taking this gamble with their money! -  And not skimping on - but hiring such a top crew and creating those marvelous sets and costumes to create a memorable, daring, and very expensive looking series.   Thank you.    I have finally completed this series and stand by my original review - except for one thing - the writers or director but probably the marketing people decided at about half way through the series to add the F word into the dialogue - allot!. This was inappropriate that the characters would be using this word - especially the upscale characters. Every time the actors used this word it jolts you out of the Roman time period and atmosphere and brought you to the present - horrible mistake -very costly and disappointing. Marketing people can be morons sometimes. I often felt bad for these great actors for being forced into peppering otherwise fine dialogue with this word - and I'm not prude! - I use the F word myself on occasion - it just did fit in with the time period, atmosphere, characters and damaged an otherwise great series.  Sorry guys I had originally given the series 5 - Now gets 4 stars do to blatant dialogue sabotage by ignorant marketing people.
B001P06GX4|5.0|My husband and I really enjoy playing European style board games, but our young sons (ages 6 & 4) have started to want to play with us, so we looked for something that we would all enjoy playing together.  Blokus fits the bill.  My 6 year old understands the concept very well and I like that this game teaches strategy and spacial thinking skills.  My four year old likes to play too, but he struggles with the idea of only placing the pieces with corners touching.  I think he'll grow into it in a few months.  This is a game that is easy to learn and lots of fun to play.
B001GCUO4S|5.0|This sequel is the best by far. Bloody action from beginning to end. I for one enjoy bloody and grotesque.  This is definitely a must see if you enjoy this type of movie.
B000MG1ZGA|5.0|My mother bought me the L.A. Woman CD a couple of Christmases ago because I had inadvertently thrown out my analog version of the CD. I really wasn't expecting anything except to once again be able to enjoy one of my favorite albums and a rock classic. When I turned on the CD I was pleasantly surprised. The sound was much clearer than I'd ever heard it before either on vinyl or a CD. Starting with The Changeling you hear the difference right away. What use to sound like Morrison grunting on other formats you can clearly hear that those grunts are Morrison saying \\"get loose!\\" The second surprise was in Cars Hiss By My Window, a song undoubtedly taken from his earliest writings and given a blues treatment. With a verse added that starts \\"a dog crawling out my window in the cruel morning sun\\" makes the song a much more complete sounding blues song.<br /><br />The title track, L.A. Woman starts with what must have been a little joke by The Doors, a few bars of My Country Tis of Thee in front of the standard L.A. Woman intro.<br /><br />The CD also features as  bonus tracks Orange County Suite, which is Morrison's ode to long time girlfriend and Cosmic Mate Pam Courson. And (You Need Meat) Don't Go No Further, a song featuring Ray on vocals.<br /><br />There's been a lot of talk about The Doors reissuing too many of their products, but this is a definite enhancement of a classic album that fans or new listeners alike will enjoy.
B0019WQIPE|5.0|Even though this movie was made in the 80's, it is still appropriate when one considers the abuses of human rights that still occur with the indigenous people in South America. I use this DVD as part of a teaching lesson on human rights in a Spanish class. Great cast, well done!
1416955070|2.0|I actually liked the book until I found out that Clary and Jace were brother and sister.  The book was boring at times, but it wasn't bad.  It had interesting parts to it and I was very interested in Clary and Jace's blossoming romance...then boom they are related.  It killed the book for me.  I finished the book, but never picked up the second book.  I think the book had potential to be a good book, but just didn't quite make it there for me.  I am 27 and had just read Twilight and was looking for something like that and someone recomeneded this series to me.  I thought this was much different from Twilight and it was much more \\"Young Adult\\".  It was very fantasy and unrealistic.  I wouldn't say the book was bad, at points it was actually good, but I wouldn't recomend it.
B0026P3G12|5.0|My husband and I watched \\"America's got talent\\"., and we were very surprised when Susan began to sing.  We were in awe, at that moment her appearance didn't matter. We decided then if she makes an recording we will be first to buy it.Thanks Susan. you are amazing!!
0143113100|5.0|Doidge's chapter on acquired sexual tastes is much needed for today's heavy porn users, some of whom are experiencing miserable unexpected side effects from their Internet porn habits. He addresses familiar symptoms like desensitization to normal sex, erectile dysfunction, escalation to watching things the viewer doesn't even like just to climax, and the deterioration of relationships.<br /><br />Without moralizing Doidge explains that, \\"Pornographers promise healthy pleasure and relief from sexual tension, but what they often deliver is addiction, tolerance, and an eventual decrease in pleasure.\\" He makes the interesting point that if mankind's attraction to porn were purely the product of millions of years of evolution, tastes would be similar and wouldn't change over time. Instead,<br /><br />\\"Hardcore pornography now explores the world of perversion, while softcore is now what hardcore was a few decades ago. ... When pornographers boast that they are pushing the envelope by introducing new, harder themes, what they don't say is that they must, because their customers are building up a tolerance to the content.\\"<br /><br />So if you want to understand the mechanics of how you (or your beloved) got hooked, this book is useful. Unfortunately, Doidge's patients were apparently mated men, and he seems to underestimate the difficultry of withdrawal from porn addiction for single guys whose addiction has resulted in social isolation. Single men need lots of social contact and support during the lengthy, often agonizing, withdrawal required to unhook from Internet porn use. (See \\"The Road To Excess\\" [...]) Still, Doidge's book offers hope just by virtue of explaining what has happened in guilt-free terms, and can motivate an unhappy user to face the challenge of withdrawal.
B002QB1910|5.0|All the songs on this cd are excellent. Eventhough we all know the cd is related to her incident with her friend the cd is good
B001AVCFJM|2.0|In the documentary on the DVD of the new \\"Star Trek\\" film, director JJ Abrams said that he always felt that Star Trek was limited by the technology for creating spectacular shots and things. Really? I always thought that Star Trek's greatest technological limitation was the speed at which a typewriter could type. That's because Star Trek at its best was about ideas - not spectacle - and the writers for the original series were among the best science fiction writers around. Star Trek has never been as popular as Star Wars because Star Trek asked its audience to think - and whenever you do that, you're going to limit the size of your audience.     Still, I don't have a problem with hyping things up a bit or using a new cast to play the older characters. What I do have a problem with is a bad story, which is what this film has. I mean, was it really necessary to show everybody at the Academy together? Kirk and Chekov are years apart in age and should have been at the Academy years apart - but no, there they are together.     Some of the scenes, like the one of the kid Kirk in the stolen car or the cadet Kirk doing the Kobayashi Maru test were embarassing. How about showing new starships being built complete on the ground? (They have to be assembled in space because they can't fly through the atmosphere.) Everybody's at the Academy together, so how do we get Kirk to be captain at the end? We'll just promote a third year Academy cadet to be the captain of the fleet's newest flagship, that's how! (Can you really imagine the US Navy naming an Annapolis cadet to be captain of its newest aircraft carrier?  I don't think so.)     There were some parts that I liked, mostly early on, such as the scenes aboard the Kelvin with Kirk's father (and his 1960's hairstyle) and Spock's early days on Vulcan. After those, though, things went downhill. Abrams could have just used a new cast and a new style to go back to the early days and show it in a different way, but no. He had to comeup with this contrivance and essentially erase everything that happened before him - because according to this film, what happened in the original series never happened!     In short, this film is a triumph of style over substance.  It may look cool, but it's hollow at the core.  J.J. Abrams has taken an intelligent series and turned it into a comic strip. It is Star Trek in name only. (If you want comic strip Trek, I'd suggest you look for the animated series from the early 70s. It's much more intelligent - and much better - than this film.)
B001AVCFK6|4.0|I bought this for my husband as a Christmas gift. It was exactly what we expected! Until we tried to get the digital copy onto our computer. The code had already been \\"used\\" and wouldn't let us get our DC. We sent an email and got a new code and all is well. Would have been better if we could have avoided the whole issue.
0307269981|5.0|It's a sad loss to the mystery readers that Stieg Larsson will not thrill us any longer  with his fantastic books. This is a page turner that never lacks interest.
B0026P3G12|5.0|This beautifully restrained, heartfelt music brings me to tears. I listen almost daily and am impressed each time.  I was so impressed with the CD I bought for myself, I ordered four for holiday gifts.
B002P5XXR0|5.0|I was amazed at the music to this movie when I went to see it in theaters and I knew I had to buy the soundtrack to it.  I got it very fast in the mail after ordering it and proceeded that night to sit down and listen to it all the way through with the lights off and nothing going on around me so I could focus on it completely.  I had not felt anything like this since I listened to the tracks from Jurassic Park.  James Horner is truly a master at composing and did a wonderful job.  The highs and lows take you on a wonderful ride, and especially if you have seen the movie, you find yourself lost in the score.  Truly epic material will be found here.
B001CLG6RC|5.0|This album is very excellent! The beat, the songs, it's all so innovating. Here the style seems to be so rhythm and blues, Great! All new with a Enigma's touch.
B000UR9T82|5.0|When I am in need of a product I spend a lot of time doing research. Not only are the costs of the product and shipping/handling charges important but also the speed, accuracy and dependability of the company/person involved. I highly recommend this source to be checked out when searching for specific products.
0553381687|3.0|I read the book and I wanted to like it.  The rape scenes just seemed rather repetitive after awhile and I tried, but it just seemed like this endless pattern.  The racial parts were also quite awkward.  I still read the entire book, but from the beginning, it was hard not to notice that the people of the Drogo, ranging from people of golden to very dark skin tones were quite 'savage.'  They'd rape women during the wedding and even the way that Drogo would sleep with his queen was almost ridiculously stereotypical 'native.'  I mean, sure the (I'm quite sure European from the descriptions) also had many villains and whatnot, they were still characters and just not portrayed in the same manner as the opposing group.  Crazy that this was written in 1996.<br />Other than that, it was an OK story.  Other than the little action scenes, there was no overall event that really pulled me in.  I liked the character switching, but I felt like it was done in such a way that I never really learned about each of the characters, like I have in other novels that do this.  It was almost too quick everytime.
B001FB4W0C|5.0|SEASON AFTER SEASON, THE SHOW KEEPS UP A GOOD PACE. THE FOURTH SEASON IS NO EXCEPTION. AFTER SEEING ALL KINDS OF CREATURES,SPIRITS AND DEMONS, WE GET TO SEE SOMETHING OF THE OTHER SIDE. HOWEVER THINGS ARE NOT ALL BLACK AND WHITE, IN HEAVEN AS ON EARTH. ANGELS CAN BE REAL PRICKS, AND IT'S HARD TO TELL WHO THE GOOD GUYS REALLY ARE.
0800177975|5.0|Any negative review on this movie was made by someone who I guess just didn't get it. Sure the pan&scan sucks, so watch it in widescreen. And Danny can get a little annoying at times, but the humor well makes up for it. This movie not only has an interesting premise, but its a satire on the whole action movie genre. Danny telling Jack he can't die until the grosses go down is gold, and if you don't agree then you have no comedic insight whatsoever and this movie is not for you. Other little things as well, Jack's great action hero cliche one-liners, Danny trying to point out to Jack that its impossible for every number in LA to start with 555-, that there are no regular or unattractive women there, or that Jack shouldn't trust Practice since he was a bad guy in Amadeus. If you understand the way movies are, then the comedy in Last Action Hero will leave you laughing the whole way through. I believe this movie is completely underrated, and a big reason I think it tanked at the box office, aside from its humor not being appreciated or completely understood, is everyone went to see Jurassic Park which came out at the same time. Think of the horrible satires we have today: Epic Movie, Disaster Movie, Meet The Spartans. All of which aren't worth the plastic case they come in. But with satires being so popular now, if this movie were to have come out in theaters now I believe it would have done phenomenal. Definitely worth the watch.
B0030CIAQQ|5.0|Hans Zimmer explodes into adventure with his highly entertaining and very unique score to Sherlock Holmes. When I first read that Hans would be doing a Guy Ritchie film I became a little curious. Ritchie is known for using mostly songs and little to no score in his films. So, why would he hire a composer who is known for making music stand up and take charge in the narrative? I don't know why, but I'm glad it happened. The score is incredibly fun and is a concoction that only Zimmer and his featured soloists could have come up with.<br /><br />Hans says the score took inspiration from Irish and gypsy music. So the tunes are off key in places and utilize uncommon instruments such as the banjo or the custom hybrid \\"Experibass\\". It has the swashbuckling waltzy feel of his theme for Jack Sparrow yet all the instrumentation and attitude of an Ennio Morricone western score. In other words, it brings what you see on the screen to vivid life. The track \\"Not In Blood, But In Bond\\" showcases one of the many amazing soloists in a hauntingly beautiful track. This track plays over the slow motion sequence of the wharf bombing and will honestly give you chills. Yet you will have a ridiculously goofy track like \\" I Never Woke Up In Handcuff's Before\\", which has a Middle Eastern flair accented by an accordion that eventually weaves the main theme in.<br /><br />The film itself is hugely entertaining and there is not a dull moment in the entire score (or the film). The highlight is of course the 18-minute track titled \\"Psychological Recovery . . . 6 Months\\". It's practically all the music from the final act of the film and it's one helluva ride. The structures and sounds bleed Zimmer and will keep you riveted and smiling all at once. Hans is still the only composer I know who knows best how to create these grand emotional ascending arcs that continually build and build and then erupt, which is exactly what the final act of the score does.<br /><br />Sherlock Holmes was a great way to end the year. It was like getting a summer action score in the winter when usually all we have is the \\"serious\\" stuff. Hans Zimmer continues to go out of his way to try and not tread over old ground. He continually creates emotionally driven music that lifts the films he scores to new heights. I still love the fact that he can do all this crazy and innovative instrumentation and the sound is still unmistakably Zimmer. I also love the \\"Black Hawk Down\\" strings that come in at 10:35 into \\"Psychological Recovery . . . 6 Months\\". If there are any Modern Warfare 2 players out there they might recognize it. I don't know if Hans or Lorne is responsible for that one, but it made me smile.s like getting a summer action score in the winter when usually all we have is the \\"serious\\" stuff. Hans Zimmer continues to go out of his way to try and not tread over old ground. He continually creates emotionally driven music that lifts the films he scores to new heights. I still love the fact that he can do all this crazy and innovative instrumentation and the sound is still unmistakably Zimmer. I also love the \\"Black Hawk Down\\" strings that come in at 10:35 into \\"Psychological Recovery . . . 6 Months\\". If there are any Modern Warfare 2 players out there they might recognize it. I don't know if Hans or Lorne is responsible for that one, but it made me smile.
1400079179|4.0|I read the book before watching the movie. Suprisingly, the movie followed the book fairly well. I like the book becuase of the chases, the mystery, the hidden codes, and historical allusions. Don't look for much character development; while we learn some facts about Sophie's childhood and Robert's career, both main characters are flat and artificial. In fact, some of the dialog is contrived--it's as though Brown is forcing the characters to say things to one another that they would more likely just be thinking and not discussing out loud. But how else will the reader know what the characters are thinking? Well, duh! you've got a narrator. Sorry. I shouldn't be so harsh. I liked the book. It kept me entertained and curious about what was going to happen next.<br /><br />About all the hype regarding whether the story contradicts Christian doctrine...of course it does. But no one should take it seriously. It's fiction. This book will not impact your faith. If it does, your faith is not as solid as you think it is.
B002P5XXR0|4.0|So, does James Horner's score live up to the images in James Cameron's film? You bet! James Horner is a fantastic talent and I'm glad Avatar was able to bring him out of this slumber he's been in for the past couple years.<br /><br />Avatar is such a grandiose and melodramatic story that it of course was going to require an epic sound to carry it. It takes a while before it hits the ground running but once it does it carries you through romance, tragedy and inspiration. The score has an overall mood and quality that calls on the native american culture and sounds for obvious reasons. Horner uses vocals beautifully. A small chorus for the live renewing sections of the score that bring on a feel of tremendous beauty and lets the story sore. For the tragic parts of the film he utilizes a heart-wrenching solo vocal accompanied by his 4-note \\"danger motif\\" that is his signature in almost every score.<br /><br />The question for Horner was how was he going to score such an overused story to make it feel fresh and new. I mean, we can all agree that the story in Avatar is nothing new here (Dances With Wolves, The New World, The Last Samurai, Ferngully, etc). Hell, even the love story in Titanic can be compared to it. The romance of the score lies within the heart of the film. Horner fans will instantly pick up sounds and arrangements that call back to his work on Braveheart and Titanic. Horner uses synths and electronics more so in this section of the score than anywhere else.<br /><br />The last third of the score is where all the action music lies. Now, this is where I was taken by surprise. Maybe in a good way or a bad way. I haven't really decided yet. All the action cues in the score to me feel uninspired mostly because they follow the Hans Zimmer style in such obvious places. Most of it sounds like a hybrid between Zimmer and Steve Jablonsky. So much of it reminded me of the score to Gladiator and in some instances Transformers. Don't believe me? Listen to \\"Gathering all the Na'vi clans for battle\\" from Avatar and immediately listen to \\"The Might Of Rome\\" from the Gladiator score. While the score works to tremendous success I was hoping for a little more \\"Horner\\" in the arrangements. One last weakness to the score is the lack of a strong central theme. There is one and it's best heard at 3:45 into the track \\"Gathering all the Na'vi clans for battle\\", but it lacks a commanding presence.<br /><br />Is this score a masterpiece? No. Is it highly effective, emotional and entertaining? Absolutely. I still think The Perfect Storm is my favorite Horner score if anyone wants to know what standard I'm holding his work to. Avatar is an exciting romantic epic melodrama that will not disappoint. The film however will mostly be remembered by audiences for its breathtaking visuals rather than its story. James Horner's score carries this film without a doubt but in this case is only as good as the film can be, which is really good but it's no masterpiece.battle\\" from Avatar and immediately listen to \\"The Might Of Rome\\" from the Gladiator score. While the score works to tremendous success I was hoping for a little more \\"Horner\\" in the arrangements. One last weakness to the score is the lack of a strong central theme. There is one and it's best heard at 3:45 into the track \\"Gathering all the Na'vi clans for battle\\", but it lacks a commanding presence.    Is this score a masterpiece? No. Is it highly effective, emotional and entertaining? Absolutely. I still think The Perfect Storm is my favorite Horner score if anyone wants to know what standard I'm holding his work to. Avatar is an exciting romantic epic melodrama that will not disappoint. The film however will mostly be remembered by audiences for its breathtaking visuals rather than its story. James Horner's score carries this film without a doubt but in this case is only as good as the film can be, which is really good but it's no masterpiece.
B0019LY5IM|5.0|Lost has always hinted at time travel, but in season 5 the show's creators finally decided to stop tiptoeing around the issue and tackle it head on.  The new tagline for the series became \\"When are we?\\" and viewers were asked to wrap their collective heads around concepts such as skewed time lines in which the characthers' futures became their pasts, or the idea that the past can't be changed.  But all of the headache inducing (for the characthers as well as the viewers) time travel only served to enhance the drama and make the series more intriguing as it began setting the table for its final season.<br /><br />Season 5 picks up where season 4 ended:  the island has disappeared after Ben turned the magic donkey wheel.  Meanwhile it was revelaed that Locke had made it off the island only to end up committing suicide; but not before trying to convince the Oceanic 6 to return and fulfill their destinites.<br /><br />We quickly learn that the fate of those who remained on the island.  After Ben's departure, the island started moving through time.  Daniel Farraday likens the movement to a record skpping, a connection that devoted fans will immediately draw to the series' ongoing motiff of records and turntables.  As the Losties travel through time, they begin to experience some undesired side effects which include headaches and bloody noses.  Why is the island moving?  What will stop it?  Why are the survivors suffering the strange effects?  Don't worry, some answers are provided.<br /><br />Meanwhile, the Oceanic Six struggle to return to the island with the help of Ben and Eloise Hawking, a coming war is hinted at, we learn how Locke left the island, Jin is found to still be alive, the losties end up as members of the Dharma Initiative and we finally meet Jacob in the season finale.<br /><br />A lot happens in season 5, and trying to summarize it is almost impossible.  But what keeps the show from spinning completely off its axis and becoming an inaccessible mess is the human element.  The characters are so vividly drawn that we have a strong vested interest in what happens to them.  Especially engrossing is Sawyer's storyline.  This is the season when his development from a hot-headed, selfish and angry loner to an actual human being with deep feelings and a sense of purpose was completed.  Believe it or not, he is the human heart of season 5.<br /><br />The finale provides a a rather large plot twist and puts everything in place for the final season.  Who knows how it's all going to end and what everything means, but I'm on board to the very end, no matter what that end may be.characters are so vividly drawn that we have a strong vested interest in what happens to them.  Especially engrossing is Sawyer's storyline.  This is the season when his development from a hot-headed, selfish and angry loner to an actual human being with deep feelings and a sense of purpose was completed.  Believe it or not, he is the human heart of season 5.      The finale provides a a rather large plot twist and puts everything in place for the final season.  Who knows how it's all going to end and what everything means, but I'm on board to the very end, no matter what that end may be.
B002WTUBNS|5.0|Hans Zimmer explodes into adventure with his highly entertaining and very unique score to Sherlock Holmes. When I first read that Hans would be doing a Guy Ritchie film I became a little curious. Ritchie is known for using mostly songs and little to no score in his films. So, why would he hire a composer who is known for making music stand up and take charge in the narrative? I don't know why, but I'm glad it happened. The score is incredibly fun and is a concoction that only Zimmer and his featured soloists could have come up with.<br /><br />Hans says the score took inspiration from Irish and gypsy music. So the tunes are off key in places and utilize uncommon instruments such as the banjo or the custom hybrid \\"Experibass\\". It has the swashbuckling waltzy feel of his theme for Jack Sparrow yet all the instrumentation and attitude of an Ennio Morricone western score. In other words, it brings what you see on the screen to vivid life. The track \\"Not In Blood, But In Bond\\" showcases one of the many amazing soloists in a hauntingly beautiful track. This track plays over the slow motion sequence of the wharf bombing and will honestly give you chills. Yet you will have a ridiculously goofy track like \\" I Never Woke Up In Handcuff's Before\\", which has a Middle Eastern flair accented by an accordion that eventually weaves the main theme in.<br /><br />The film itself is hugely entertaining and there is not a dull moment in the entire score (or the film). The highlight is of course the 18-minute track titled \\"Psychological Recovery . . . 6 Months\\". It's practically all the music from the final act of the film and it's one helluva ride. The structures and sounds bleed Zimmer and will keep you riveted and smiling all at once. Hans is still the only composer I know who knows best how to create these grand emotional ascending arcs that continually build and build and then erupt, which is exactly what the final act of the score does.<br /><br />Sherlock Holmes was a great way to end the year. It was like getting a summer action score in the winter when usually all we have is the \\"serious\\" stuff. Hans Zimmer continues to go out of his way to try and not tread over old ground. He continually creates emotionally driven music that lifts the films he scores to new heights. I still love the fact that he can do all this crazy and innovative instrumentation and the sound is still unmistakably Zimmer. I also love the \\"Black Hawk Down\\" strings that come in at 10:35 into \\"Psychological Recovery . . . 6 Months\\". If there are any Modern Warfare 2 players out there they might recognize it. I don't know if Hans or Lorne is responsible for that one, but it made me smile.ike getting a summer action score in the winter when usually all we have is the \\"serious\\" stuff. Hans Zimmer continues to go out of his way to try and not tread over old ground. He continually creates emotionally driven music that lifts the films he scores to new heights. I still love the fact that he can do all this crazy and innovative instrumentation and the sound is still unmistakably Zimmer. I also love the \\"Black Hawk Down\\" strings that come in at 10:35 into \\"Psychological Recovery . . . 6 Months\\". If there are any Modern Warfare 2 players out there they might recognize it. I don't know if Hans or Lorne is responsible for that one, but it made me smile.
B002P7UCMC|5.0|I got hooked on the Sehnsucht album in 2000 and have been a Rammstein fan ever since.  Although many of their albums are excellent, Liebe Ist Fur Alle Da is by far the best since Rammstein's early days.  The tracks are varied, with a level of maturity and sophistication I have not hear from Rammstein before.  There is not a song on the set I do not like.  When was the last time you said that about a CD?  For old Rammstein fans, you'll love it.  For those that have not experienced Rammstein before, look past the German lyrics and hear one of the most unique metal bands in the industry.
B002Q4U9YU|5.0|The more I listen to Michael Jackson's \\"This is It\\" CD the more amazed I am at his talent. He's truly the greatest entertainer of our lifetime...insightful, strong, sensitive...he embodied it all!  Can't wait to receive the DVD version so I can experience the visual too.  Great album.
B001GCUO4S|4.0|This is the 4th movie of the destination series. Who knows if they will make another one. Anyway, like the other ones, it was suspensful. You didn't know how they would meet their fate or when, at least for me i didn't. I kept closing my eyes waiting for it to happen. I thought this film was good and i liked the skeleton images at the end and beginning of the film. The deaths were interesting and the film was fun yet gory.
B001EO748M|5.0|Agreat way to learn history and some fancy along the way, just as great as my 8th grade History teacher but with pictures!!
1416594892|3.0|I like John le Carr&eacute;. He is an outstanding stylist who writes with wit and flair. He is also accomplished at writing about \\"wheels within wheels\\" intrigues. This one addresses some very topical issues - terrorism and its financing, and the people who watch the terrorists and how far they are prepared to go in bending and even breaking the rules. If you like BANG!-WHAM!-style thrillers, le Carr&eacute; is most definitely not for you. (The only BANG!-WHAM! comes in the last couple of pages, and, as other reviewers have noted, is decidedly odd).<br /><br />However, although I enjoyed the style and the characters, I found this one dragged a bit and frequently felt flat, such that, unlike other le Carr&eacute;s, which I couldn't wait to pick up again, it took me a while to get through it. I think this was partially because I found some aspects of the plot far-fetched and credulity-straining (which might be the result of ignorance on my part, as my knowledge of international banking approximates closely to zero). I just couldn't buy into Tommy Brue and his bank at all.
B00COWOXGE|5.0|So far this is the best and most exciting adaptation of a TV show to hit the big screen. Watching this when it came out in the theater kept you on the edge of your seat and is truly a classic.    A Chicago doctor, Richard Kimble (Harrison Ford), is wrongly accused of murdering his wife. He is relentlessly pursued by Deputy Samuel Gerard (Tommy Lee Jones). Doing what he does best, Ford delivers another solid performance.    By the way, part of this movie was filmed in North Carolina. Near the 30 minute mark look for a road sign pointing to Murphy, North Carolina.    Warner Brothers has done an outstanding job restoring and enhancing \\"The Fugitive\\" for its 20th Anniversary. This Blu-Ray is very highly recommended for your home video collection. Combined with drama, action, suspense and wit, you'll see why this was one of the most popular movies of 1993!
B002SEW5WW|5.0|To be honest, I'm not sure what made me buy this album.  I guess I'd heard \\"All the Right Moves\\" and dug the overall sound [heavy on the drums, touches of cello, etc.].  I don't own \\"Dreaming Out Loud\\", but of course I've heard the singles from it [Apologize, Stop and Stare, All I Need] many times on the radio.  I wasn't *quite* sure what to expect when I bought the follow-up, \\"Dreaming Out Loud\\".  After I listened to it the first time, I needed a few days to let it sink in before I could form an opinion.<br /><br />Well, after owning and listening to this album for several weeks now, I am absolutely in love with it.  It's like one of those great movies that you can watch over and over and discover something new about it every time.  One Republic blends everything good from the history and various genres of music and creates work that is both current and catchy, while being complex, touching and [ultimately] classic.  I'm struck by how their songs can be simultaneously funky and symphonic, inspirational, and achieve a depth that you would NEVER, EVER find on the vast majority of pop albums out today.  They leave \\"artists\\" (and I use the term lightly) like Britney Spears and Black-eyed Peas in the dust, and rise to the ranks of true musical icons like U2.  In fact, the title rack \\"Waking Up\\" could FLAWLESSLY slip into a place on any U2 album and fans of either band would not be disappointed.<br /><br />What I'm noticing with the [few] people who don't care for this album and gave it only 1 or 2 stars is they are likely used more mainstream \\"pop\\" albums, and \\"Dreaming out Loud\\" (based on the singles released) was a little more of the radio-ready/traditional/safe type of music people are accustomed to hearing.  However, \\"Waking Up\\"(in my opinion) goes deeper and further than that, and really shows off what Ryan Tedder and the group are capable of, which is nothing short of musical genius.  What you have here is a band whose success is not anchored by having a hot leadsinger or hot single you can blast at your next party - they are the real deal, they understand music as a whole (as evidenced by the vast variety of artists Tedder has produced songs for), and I hope they stay around for a looooong time, because they deserve to.<br /><br />Favorite tracks:<br /><br />Good Life - you can't listen to this song and not feel happy<br /><br />Secrets - one of those classic power ballads that will get stuck in your head<br /><br />All This Time - sweet and emotional love song that builds to a BEAUTIFUL instrumental break towards the end<br /><br />Marchin' On - inspiring, great beat, gets me to push a little harder on the treadmill<br /><br />Everybody Loves Me - funky, Southern-rock infused ditty satirizing self-absorbed people
B000XA5K4I|1.0|This movie was absolutely horrible. I walked out of the theater after 10 minutes. I never walk out of theaters. The movie starts with a really generic guy saves girl scene and part of this involves clive owen taking some guy out with a carrot. so stupid. wow. huge waste. do yourself a huge favor and don't waste one second of your time or 1 cent of your money on this terrible movie.
B000UOOT1W|5.0|A fan of Santana, you should get this CD.  Ok, it doesn't have some old gems and is heavier on new stuff but it has Black Magic Woman, Oye Como Va, Evil Ways.  The you throw in  Michelle Branch, Chad Kroeger, Rob Thomas, Tina Turner Steven Tyler and so many others you have one excellent CD. Ultimate, well, maybe not but forget the name, a great CD.  RECOMMENDED.
0061537969|5.0|I never thought I'd need a packet of kleenex while reading it.  Though the entire concept of Enzo and reincarnation is fiction, I wish its true.  Yes I love dogs and Marley and Me (movie), and it made me more wanting to have a canine friend.  The book may be a bit mushy for some, but somehow you need an agent to arouse that emotion from time to time because it feels good.
0321603508|3.0|I've been reading \\"Refactoring, Ruby Edition\\" alongside the original edition, which I bought used a few months ago, not knowing that this book was in the works.<br /><br />One thing I've learned is that the original is an excellent book, one that probably ranks with \\"Design Patterns\\" in practical programming literature. Second, the revising authors added some valuable new material on refactoring in a Ruby environment.<br /><br />However, \\"Refactoring, Ruby Edition\\" seems in some ways to be a sloppy and poorly-edited attempt to cash in on the original. I've found errors on almost every page I've read. It looks as if someone cut and paste the text from the original into a new document, quickly converted the Java examples to Ruby (without testing or review, given some of the errors), and went to press.<br /><br />My guess is that this was the idea of someone who knows that there are lots of new Ruby programmers who don't have a grounding in Java and are therefore intimidated by the original book. That idea is fine -- Russ Olsen's \\"Design Patterns in Ruby\\" seems to be a thorough and careful reworking of that book for a Ruby audience -- but the execution here is really lame. Here are some specifics:<br /><br />* There are many errors in the code examples and UML diagrams that make them difficult to follow. Until you realize they're errors, you think you're missing something; that kind of thing is tough for novice programmers to identify and correct for. (Ironically, given that the name of the book is \\"refactoring\\", these errors aren't in the first edition.)<br /><br />* The original edition contained illustrative anecdotes about refactoring practice that were clearly presented as call-outs with graphic design techniques like boxing and shaded backgrounds. These design hints are missing from the new edition, and the anecdotes (by other authors) interrupt the text in a confusing way, since they look like a regular part of the text-flow.<br /><br />* The reader is advised to use the \\"table in the inside back cover\\" to identify and address code smells, but there is no table in the inside back cover. There is one in the original edition, however, and it's quite useful. Who knows whether the table was supposed to be included but was forgotten, or was intentionally left out to cut costs?<br /><br />It seems like no one took another look at this book once the first-draft manuscript was in hand. Martin Fowler and Jay Fields have contributed an enormous amount to the industry, and I'm surprised they would put their names on something this sloppy. Addison-Wesley charges a lot for their books, and they should provide a carefully-edited product in return.o use the \\"table in the inside back cover\\" to identify and address code smells, but there is no table in the inside back cover. There is one in the original edition, however, and it's quite useful. Who knows whether the table was supposed to be included but was forgotten, or was intentionally left out to cut costs?<br /><br />It seems like no one took another look at this book once the first-draft manuscript was in hand. Martin Fowler and Jay Fields have contributed an enormous amount to the industry, and I'm surprised they would put their names on something this sloppy. Addison-Wesley charges a lot for their books, and they should provide a carefully-edited product in return.
B00267N3DQ|5.0|My wife loves Disney so what better than Snow White! This was a great Christmas gift. I wish it had a digital copy but its not a problem.
0553278223|5.0|There's not a lot more to add to all the positive reviews already here. I too found this book thought provoking, provocative, profound. It's an inspiring piece of work. I've been reading the (sadly) negative reviews too, and apparently this is not everybody's cup of tea. Know, however, that there is a reason why this is a classic. If you don't 'get' it, well you're just losing out on something special. Some people criticize the science. Mr Bradbury himself admitted that this was more a work of Fantasy than Sci-Fi. Who am I to argue? The book concerns the colonization of Mars and the implications on both humans and, yes, Martians. At this stage in time it reads more like an alternate history book, considering some of the dates involved. The prose is very good. Lyrical, and haunting at times. The book, whilst essentially a series of short stories strung together, actually flows pretty good, and everybody should enjoy peeling away the layers of meaning. It's more than just an adventure, it's a chronicle, of what makes us tick. Am I reading too much into it? Perhaps. Read it. Own it. You should.
B002R0F3Q2|5.0|Let me 1st say that its a matter of opinion true, but I see some less then 4 star ratings here. Im not sure what those listeners were lookin' for or what they heard in this album, but I have to respectfully disagree. This is the best thing I have heard in a long time. It deserves to be bought and not pirated. Its the 1st album I have heard since I was a kid that I listened to every song and liked all of them. As the title of this review says she put her foot in this. This is in heavy rotation on the iPhone. So for all you real Alicia Keys fans out there. This is well worth it. From the rooter to the tooter, Start to finish, this is a true 5 star album. And I cant remember the last time I gave a 5 star rating on a CD. Some of todays music is such garbage, I don't see how people can make a living off what is put out these days. But this one deserves every dollar it nets.  R.I.P Michael Jackson (The true king of Pop).
B002T9H2L0|1.0|I high hopes for this film. I thought that a Quentin Tarantino film staring Brad Pitt could not miss.  I could not have been more wrong.  This movie never knew which direction it was going. There was not enough action to be action. There was not enough funny to be a comedy. There was not enough of anything to be anything but a bad movie.<br /><br />I would equate this film to a train wreck, but a train wreck at least had a direction.  This is like a multicar pile up in the middle of the woods.  No purpose and no reason.
0385504225|2.0|I picked up The Lost Symbol the day after it was released, finished it two days later, and, well, it really was lack luster. Sure there was some suspense, a twist here and there, but mainly it was a lot of fluff.    It seems that with the success of Brown's previous two novels--if you consider making poor movies a success anyway--he has completely given up on writing a novel. The entire set up of The Lost Symbol is nothing more than a screenplay dressed up as a novel, that's it. I'm sorry but when you have chapters that are less than two pages, you are not writing a book. The thing that makes it worse is the fact that we all KNOW it's not his style; if you read any of his other books you actually see real chapters, with real descriptions, but in his latest book it is merely a hash up of what Tom Hanks will be doing in the movie. I'm sorry Dan Brown, but you were better at writing novels than you are writing screenplays. We do not need to know how every character moves from one place to the next in excruciating detail for the cameras.    The other major drawback of this novel is the blatant use of product placement. Every other page of the novel has someone pulling out an iPhone or a Blackberry and marveling at how amazing it is. Sure it's kind of neat to know what various characters use, but we really only need to be told once.. after all we can all remember considering you mentioned it a mere 4 pages (or 5 chapters earlier ha).    I will admit that one or two of the twists was actually pretty cool, but overall with the short chapters it was horribly easy to see what was coming. I really, really enjoyed Angels & Demons with it's critique of religion, but come on, did Brown get coerced by the Church or something? The Lost Symbol is almost a total reversal of his stance back then, instead of pointing out the idiocy of the Church, Brown now praises the Bible and it's historical significance. Not to mention the fact that the Masons are NOT connected to any one faith, it's kind of silly for them to use the Christian Bible as a cornerstone of their secret empire.    I was truly excited for this book, but like everyone else money has corrupted Dan Browns creativity. I seriously doubt I'll pick up another Robert Langdon novel again, if you think there won't be any, check out this quote from Entertainment Weekly:    -\\"Do you have a lot of ideas for future books?  There is no shortage of secrets and adventures for Robert Langdon to take. I have ideas for about 12 books. I know I won't have time in my life to write them all. For a symbology professor, someone who understands iconography, ancient mysteries, there is no shortage of material for this character.\\"    With his new short chapter style I'm sure he'll be able to pull another 4 or 5 books out of the air for more poor movies.
1442192461|5.0|I'm in the fellowship of the \\"unashamed.\\" That is, I'm a whole-hearted MALE fan of all things Austen. It all began when I found my daughter's dusty college copy of Emma from our library because I was bored and could not find anything else to read. After struggling through the first 100 pages and trying to make sense of Miss Austen's enormous character list, I was hooked.  What hooked me? First and formost was the very intertwined plot, much like a romantic \\"whodunit\\" or \\"who's gonna do it\\" mystery. The plot thickens with subtle clues as to who loves whom and the comedy surrounding the heroine's naive' and fumbling attempts to become a matchmaker to anyone in her circle that is marriage material.  Never in my life have I read such succulent and appropriate dialogue. I was so enthralled I literally roared through the book to find out what was going to happen next.  A second reading is mandatory for the first-timer because part of Miss Austen's genius is that a more deliberate reading mines the depths for the clues that lie beneath the surface of the story. Like the tip of an iceberg, the reader can storm through the book and enjoy it thoroughly; then do a re-read and luxuriate on how much richness and delicate detail lie below the surface. I was so caught up that I found myself talking to the characters alternately encouraging them and warning them on what they were scheming. The heroine Emma is one of the most charming, yet frustrating heroines in all of English literature.  Give it a \\"go\\" as the English would say!
1416594787|5.0|Rarely does a book bring me to tears...I remember the last chapter of Dawkins' \\"The God Delusion\\" doing so, as well as many ideas of Jared Diamond. Dawkins' latest masterpiece is a journey. Not only is it a wonderful narrative, it is also written with analytical craft and cunning rarely experienced.    I give this book 5 stars, and how can I not? When 426 pages of literature increases your wonderment and appreciation of life - while increasing your capacity for analytical thought - I'd say that by definition is 5 starts.
0061864153|5.0|If you're a fan of Bon Jovi, you'll love this book. The pictures are amazing. It seems to go along with the documentary. It is a beautiful book, just like it's title.
B0017HEX76|3.0|First off I didn't realize that this DVD was a Korean pressing.  Tho what little narration there is is available in English sub-titles.  What was surprising to me was how bad most of the drawing is- not up to Disney's usual standard.  But I still love the Sorceror's Apprentice and the Dance of the Hours. I can never hear either piece of music with out seeing those images in my minds eye.  Another image that stays with me is the fight between T. Rex and stegosaurus in the Rite of Spring.
B001QERPDO|5.0|Isn't it funny how music affects people in different ways?  I fell in love with \\"The Man Who Can't be Moved\\" on Satellite radio.  Found out the band was going to be in San Diego doing a benefit and went....was totally blown away,(Even got to meet Danny, the lead singer) bought the CD and haven't stopped listening to it. My new favorite band....they are AMAZING live and I am anxiously awaiting their 2nd CD.  Out of the 10 songs, I would say there are 6-7 that I LOVE and only a handful that I fast forward through.
B002TYZKIM|5.0|I was in awe as I watched this movie. It was amazing to see Michael do is thing again, but at the same time it was very sad to know that a musical giant, someone with such a big heart and soul and such amazing talent is actually gone. This Is It was everything I expected it to be and more. Michael's legacy will always live on and he will never be forgotten. I definitley plan to get this dvd when it comes out because this movie is a must have for all Michael Jackson fans.      R.I.P. MICHAEL WE LOVE YOU AND WE MISS YOU!!
B002S8AH00|4.0|One would think, for the 10th anniversary of this movie, the DVD would be a little bit more special, but all you're getting is a digital copy, a newly recorded audio commentary with some of the actors & writers, and a 10-yr retrospective with the director and the two writers (a measly half-hour).  Any shot with the actors in the retrospective all are from when the movie was being made, nothing more current with any of the actors.    Ridiculously stingy DVD extras aside, though, this is still something worth buying if you don't already own the movie.  It's definitely something that will go down amongst Clueless et al. as a great teen movie.  It's a fun, frothy (given credibility by that \\"based on Will Shakespeare's Taming of the Shrew\\" line but frothy nonetheless) teen movie that doesn't condescend.  The script is just so well written!  The teenagers are written like, well, people I went to school with (which is saying something since I was in high school when this movie came out).  And the subtle jokes that appeared in this movie, well, it says something about the writers that they bothered with subtlety for a teen movie.  It's this earnest writing, rife with references to Shakespeare, that allows this movie to transcend beyond just another teen movie.    The cast is wonderful, and it's amazing to think how many names I can easy recognize - Heath Ledger, Julia Stiles, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Allison Janney, Gabrielle Union, etc.  Oh sure, it may have been the first big movie for many of these names, but they all showed why it was that they went on to have real careers after.      All in all, it's worth buying if you don't own the movie but is not worth buying if you've got a copy hanging around.  The movie itself is what you'll be buying this movie for - the audio commentary with the actors sharing a few Heath Ledger stories is cute and sentimental but not especially special.
0385504225|1.0|Yuk.  What a disappointment.  This is easily Dan Brown's worst novel.  Having read and loved Da Vinci Code, I read all of Brown's other novels.  Angels & Demons was even better than Da Vinci Code, and the other two were interesting, albeit not great. But this latest novel, The Lost Symbol, is just plain bad.  Did Brown use up all his good material in prior novels, or was he pressured to make an untimely release?  Who knows, but it is undeniable that this book is a failure. It reminds me of an awful movie sequel, and comes across as some cheap copy-cat trying to imitate real art. Ironic that Brown is both the cheap copy-cat and the earlier artist.     The various earth-shattering-if-discovered secrets are ultimately more boring and pedestrian than even the typical Washington sex scandal.  The Mal'akh story was so painfully obvious that I felt insulted as I discovered it was really being set up as the climax.  I kept thinking Brown would surely come up with some strange twist, but he didn't; the novel just continued toward its inevitable, obvious, boring conclusion.      But perhaps most annoying was the endless, irrelevant parade of gratuitous symbol discoveries. At least in Da Vinci code the symbols had some plausible reason and purpose in the plot.  Here, they were just an endless hodge-podge of meaningless signs and symbols.  And the events leading to their discovery, let alone the discovered symbols themselves, were meaningless to the plot.       This book was too forced, contrived, predictable, and just boring. By the last several chapters, I was so annoyed I just skimmed through it, and finally I couldn't even continue that ... I could not tolerate to waste another minute of my life.    I respected Dan Brown far more before reading this book. If you're fortunate enough to have NOT yet read this book, do yourself a favor and skip this one. Read his better novels, or something else, but do NOT read this.
B000UBMWG4|4.0|Yep, same thing happened to me (as indicated in the other customer reviews): Disc 1 is labeled The Final Cut but the content is the same as disc 5 (The Workprint).<br />I thought this kind of thing only happened to OTHER people.<br />I hope Warner Video responds to my complaint and makes it right.<br /><br />Meanwhile, it was good to revisit this classic, but imperfect, movie.  I first saw this as a youngster when it premiered in theaters back in '82, and numerous times since in its various incarnations.  Here are some observations upon watching it again with \\"fresh eyes\\":  Great cast... all except for Harrison Ford.  I never really noticed (or acknowledged) how terrible his performance is.  It is \\"sub-Keanu\\".  Ford appears to be in a coma/pot-stupor throughout the movie and is truly the weak link in an otherwise exceptional cast.  There are plenty of actors from the era who could have done so much better playing Deckard.  But nothing can be done about that now.<br /><br />I was impressed with the skill Sean Young brought to such a flimsy character.  Good job, girl!  Same goes for the other broads: Daryl Hannah (sexy and creepy) and Joanna Cassidy (sexy and violent).  Cassidy is onscreen so briefly but provides the movie's liveliest scenes (and not JUST because she gets topless).  Most of the film's (few) laughs come from the lively, otherworldly Rutger Hauer.  Brion James seemed to be an unusual choice to play Leon but is thoroughly effective.  William Sanderson, Joe Turkel, Edward James Olmos (saying olmos nothing) M. Emmet Walsh, even James \\"Lo Pan\\" Hong: all delightful.<br /><br />The movie really could have benefited from more energetic scenes like those featuring Cassidy.  This is why audiences were initially irked by the movie upon its original release: the preview was specatcular and this was Ford's follow-up to \\"Raiders of The Lost Ark\\".  We were expecting an action spectacle.  But the film has endured as a classic due to the considerable richness of its other qualities.<br /><br />Here's another observation: \\"Blade Runner\\" is very Kubrickian.  Despite the terrific cast, the photography is the star.  Special effects maestro Doug Trumbull also worked on \\"2001: A Space Odyssey\\" and here, as on that film, his work is still dazzling and magical after all these years.  It should also be noted that both movies feature a prominent Pan Am logo whereas that company did not last into the time-periods depicted in either!  Sure, Joe Turkel appeared in a couple of Kubrick movies, but tell me that the nose on J.F. Sebastian's diminutive \\"friend\\" is not almost identical to the one on the mask that Alex wore in \\"A Clockwork Orange\\", or that the replicant eyes do not remind one of the eye of HAL 9000.<br /><br />There's probably numerous other comparisons to be made if one has the time.  But I've got better things to do.  Like writing lengthy reviews on Amazon that no one will read.er observation: \\"Blade Runner\\" is very Kubrickian.  Despite the terrific cast, the photography is the star.  Special effects maestro Doug Trumbull also worked on \\"2001: A Space Odyssey\\" and here, as on that film, his work is still dazzling and magical after all these years.  It should also be noted that both movies feature a prominent Pan Am logo whereas that company did not last into the time-periods depicted in either!  Sure, Joe Turkel appeared in a couple of Kubrick movies, but tell me that the nose on J.F. Sebastian's diminutive \\"friend\\" is not almost identical to the one on the mask that Alex wore in \\"A Clockwork Orange\\", or that the replicant eyes do not remind one of the eye of HAL 9000.    There's probably numerous other comparisons to be made if one has the time.  But I've got better things to do.  Like writing lengthy reviews on Amazon that no one will read.
B000ZECQ08|5.0|I've been a harry potter fan ever since it came out in 2000. This is a great movies alone with the other's. I'm going to be upset cause the last movies is in a year. I'm not ready for the harry potter movies to be over.
B002UXRGM0|5.0|Over the past two decades, the BBC Natural History Unit has become a prolific documentary factory of the highest order, with ever-improving skills and increasing dedication. Some of their productions are relatively minor, but this is one of their flagships, and you can tell this because they use David Attenborough as the narrator (who is still in top form).    The theme for this 10-part series is the challenges of life and how various animals and plants solve them. This includes unusual and extreme food gathering techniques, hunting strategies, surprising evolutionary weapons and defenses, adaptations to harsh environments, mating rituals, and the lengths they go to in order to pick the right breeding partners.    Each episode covers this vast topic in specific areas: The first episode is an overview and top-20 hit parade of the upcoming episodes. Each of the ensuing episodes then cover a branch of the animal kingdom, including reptiles, insects, mammals, plants, birds, fish, with additional specialized episodes covering hunting, sea-life and primates.    This will obviously overlap with many of their previous releases, especially The Trials of Life, Attenborough's series covering the animal kingdom, and even The Living Planet and Planet Earth. But their approach here is interestingly well-chosen: Previously covered footage and educational information is usually summarized, before continuing with the more obscure, the upgraded, and the exciting new details.    For example, The Private Life of Plants is obviously much more comprehensive and educational, but this show's episode on plants features things like a 60-second time-lapse shot of growing life in the woodlands that took two years to create, new information on the strange shape of the Dragon's Blood tree, and more footage on the Venus Flytrap, this time its dual use of insects complete with tiny sound recordings.    Now, I have a pet peeve about repetition. This show's annoyingly useless overview episode, and the fact that much of the information and footage lacks freshness and has been covered before, all tempt me to rate this show lower. But the combination of nicely summarized educational information, a good theme and structure, new amazing cinematography that uses the latest skills and technology, and some new exciting footage that I don't think I have ever seen before, compels me to give this top marks. This is a much better release than Planet Earth.    In addition, while many nature documentaries have elements of drama and laughs, this show has more than usual, and you will find yourself frequently touched, horrified or very amused by all of the amazing behaviour on screen, all obviously very real.    The BBC also continue their recent trend that devotes the last 10 minutes of each episode to a 'making of' featurette. These are usually just as interesting as the footage and you can always stop watching if you aren't interested, so I suppose I can't complain. But keep in mind that if you subtract the overview episode and diary scenes, you are actually getting 450 minutes instead of 600.    In summary: If you are relatively new to BBC documentaries, this will amaze you to no end AND provide a nice informative summary of life on earth. If you are a seasoned watcher of Attenborough's series, you can still enjoy this series as a combination of educational summary, a provider of new, complementary and upgraded information with some of the most beautiful, rare and amazing footage ever recorded, and even as a highly entertaining natural drama and comedy, or 'nature dramedy', if I may coin a phrase.    However, if you place emphasis on educational and more comprehensive information, Attenborough's previous Life series still reign supreme and will probably remain unequalled for a long, long time.
B00005JOHC|5.0|This is one of my top five favorite shows of all-time, and this is the season that started it all. This is a must-have for anyone who likes this show, and it may be the best season of all- Jake is little and hilarious, Charlie looks like he's somewhat clean, Alan isn't too whiny, and Rose is a feature character. What else could you ask for?
1416972242|5.0|I read the entire series last Fall and absolutely loved all three books.    City of Ashes is excellent!  It will keep your attention beginning to end.    The characters are very entriguing. As in the first and last books, there is action from beginning to end, with a good amount of romance.  I think of this series as Twilight meets Harry Potter!    Excellent books!  Don't hesitate in readind them.
0143116738|4.0|This book looks like a self-help book (and the comments by Stephen Covey contribute to this) but it is not.  It isn't a *self-help* book partially because, as Dr. Robinson explains, finding your element isn't easy to do alone:  we often need mentors and groups of like-minded people to discover what we're good at and what we're passionate about.<br />When you get to the end of this book, you find that it is a call to arms for revamping our outmoded education system.  Our schools were born in the industrial revolution and are still set up to teach/train people for those kinds of jobs.  Today the economy is much more dynamic so we have the opportunity and need for innovative and creative people.  Dr Robinson calls for our schools to develop those traits instead of a tolerance for sitting still and excelling on multiple choice tests.  Not only will this improve the economy it will make individuals more fulfilled.<br /><br />As an educator, it was inspiring for me to understand the importance of my role as a mentor to each of my students.  As a father it reminds me to be sensitive to the passions and talents of my kids.
0142410349|5.0|Our 6 and 4 year old were captivated by this book.  The word they used to describe it is the title of the review.  If you want your kids to enjoy books, read this at bedtime.
B00127RAJY|4.0|The workout is amazing! Jillian is helpful in regards to proper technique, and I have yet to not be sore the next day. The only complaint I have is that you can not skip past the introduction segments (plural). Once you put the DVD in, you have about 4 four minutes to go off and do something else, because you can not escape the pumped up music and instructions. If at all possible, leave the DVD in one player at all times, to avoid this. I can't wait to get to day 30 and see if I am more toned!
0670021652|5.0|\\"Committed\\" is a natural sequel to EPL.  Elizabeth Gilbert's EPL is her path to recovery from divorce.    Most folks who have been divorced are highly reluctant to trot down the aisle again. . .will we be more successful this time?    Gilbert and \\"Felipe\\" were broke and broken at the end of their first marriages.  They were gun-shy until the INS got out the shotgun.    The book is equal part examination of how the US government can create havoc in people's most intimate relationships as it is an examination of what it takes to have an enduring marriage and to experience unconditional love and true intimacy.    If you are looking for a starry-eyed romantic look at love, this isn't the book for you.    But, if you are serious about creating an enduring, mature, loving, intimate relationship, this book will give you much to ponder and discuss with the love of your life.  It would be an excellent gift for any engaged couple.
B001OQCV2O|1.0|If 2001 was the appetizer and 2010 was the meal, then 2012 is surely the dessert with the cream filling!
1416914307|5.0|I really enjoyed this series.  The last book is excellent.  The only bad thing about it is that it ends.<br /><br />The story is rich and keeps the reader's attention.  The characters are well represented and make the reader feel their emotions.<br /><br />I am looking forward to Cassandra Claire's new series which comes out in 2010.
0307269981|4.0|Very well written. It is one of those books that you don't want to put down. The story is little involved but it is credible. The only reason for giving 4 stars is that the middle section (where it goes on at length with the personality description of the various characters) is a little too long. At that point, I was ready to know what had happened to the main character, I was not so interested in the details of some obscure policemen. On the other hand, it is not suited for a reader who has problems with mild descriptions of violence and abuse.
B0026P3G12|4.0|This was a very good CD.  There are a few really old traditional songs that I didn't really like but the rest of the CD was great.  I like those songs where she has added her own spin and not sung the song like the original artist.  It will be no surprise that I loved WILD HORSES.    Millions of people aren't wrong... this is a CD worth the money
B000UCEJEQ|2.0|I like her stuff a lot. But this is not my favorite cd of hers.
B002SJIO54|5.0|I'm going to go ahead and be one of those people who doesn't leave an in depth film review and just go with my simple feelings instead. I'm not a critic, not by a long shot, so I will say that this is one of my favourite films of all time. I loved the story portrayed, first and foremost, and the gritty 'reality' behind human nature as seen in D9. The character development, while not exceedingly extensive, was more in depth and realistic than a lot of other films I had seen in the past (ie, Avatar). Loved the acting, especially on Copley's part. CGI was impressive for such a low budget film, definitely better than one would see on the SyFy channel. Oh, and no bikini clad women running from the blood thirsty monster, or any sexual content for that matter; the film gained instant respect from me by this aspect.    Maybe the reason I love D9 so much is because it inspired my writing, which would put my love for D9 in a personal light rather than from a critic's view. Said I was no critic though, eh?    All in all, five stars to District 9, which forever changed my view of science fiction films and shall be watched multiple times in the future.
B0026P3G12|5.0|Love It!  Price was right, it came promptly and we love the Susan Boyle CD.
0893860220|5.0|What Maharaj teaches is something so simple, not relating to any religion but to just life itself in general as one. This is a spiritual path worth taking. Like he mentioned you have interest into what you are seeking, inquire ceaselessly into the I   Am and realize that what you are not. This book has opened new dimensions into how I perceive this life. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!
B000056Q81|5.0|The definitive collection of the Yeah Yeah Girl from France.  I grew up with these songs on my parents' record player -- to find them on a CD that I can rip to my iPod is more than fabulously great. The double-CD set is great for playing in the background when I'm doing hosehold chores, or driving for day trips.  Clear recordings, great sound quality.  I am very pleased with this purchase and would recommend it utterly to anyone.
B0008ENIAC|5.0|for all the reasons listed elsewhere amongst these reviews , this is a must own 45' masterpiece . the entire cast is outstanding . further proof that they not only \\"did it before\\" but that additionally it was much better . at this modest price you'll either be thrilled or deep in a minority of viewers . when they say \\"they don't make um like they used to\\" it's not just flattering . it's true .
B000GFLKF8|5.0|Inside Man is not a clear cut story of good guys and bad guys, although it starts out that way. Inside Man dares, in the post 9-11 era, to depict a group of terrorists in New York City with a morally ambiguous, possibly even compelling motive, and whose motto might well be \\"We Will Never Forget\\".<br /><br />Criminal mastermind Dalton Russell (Clive Owen) remarks that \\"Respect is the ultimate currency, \\" and \\"If you love each other, money really shouldn't matter.\\" Why? The giant \\"We Will Never Forget\\" banner sprawls across the screen several times, and forms the subtext of this entire story. But if you don't understand the duality of that banner, you're not grasping what this movie is all about.<br /><br />There's a lot more here than first meets the eye. Inside Man takes the heist film to another level, leaving \\"terrorist\\" thrillers like \\"Die Hard\\" in the dust, with the most ingenious heist plot going, period -- a killer cast, a wonderful score, fabulous camera work (some mind-bending, big budget crane shots -- they make those moves look so easy but they're not!), crackling Mamet-grade dialogue, and a distinctive flash-forward editing style that actually helps viewer understanding and is a hallmark of the film's unique, hip style, courtesy of director Spike Lee.<br /><br /> The \\"victim\\", bank chairman Arthur Case, impeccably played by the avuncular and agreeable Christopher Plummer, is a man with Nazi genocide in his past. The chief bank robber, performed \\"to perfection\\" by Clive Owen, is looking to enrich himself but also to reveal crimes against humanity. In a puzzling and peculiar fashion he is to us both a hero and a thief. Jodie Foster as Madeleine White is the perpetually smiling fixer working for the bank chairman, trying to insure a good political outcome for her client. Denzel Washington as Detective Frazier heads the cast as the straight man cop trying to figure out what the heck is going on here. And no one is quite what they seem.<br /><br />With a philanthrophic bank executive as it's central villain, I-M is perhaps more timely and topical now than when it was first released in 2005. I particularly enjoyed how Madeleine White gets under the mayor's (and Arthur Case's) skin -- and the extremely smart bit where those characters, once out of the public eye, suddenly change their conversation in the blink of an eye from philanthropy to the lobbyist's language of coercion.<br /><br />Like a mandela, the layers of good and evil, truth and lies, weave in and out on multiple levels. Much like life, nothing is as simple or clear cut as it seems.<br /><br />There were many ways the events in this film could have unfolded to us. The timeline of the film is mostly linear, except for the \\"flash-forward\\", somewhat solarized hostage interviews which, positioned as they are, serve an intercutting function and break up the action nicely. The interrogations of the ex-hostages are terribly important because, after all, that's how the cops think they're going to break the case -- by finding the inside man. But if the hostage interviews had been piled up at the end of the movie, they would have been too much all at once and brought the movie to a stop.<br /><br />Aside from the highly motivated characters, this film has a tremendous sense of humor and irony, and most of it comes out in the fact that the hostages are humiliated and bullied by the robbers AND the police. It is, in fact, the police who shoot rubber bullets at the hostages -- the robbers never fire a shot from their toy guns.<br /><br />As a footnote, the main and end title designs were very nicely done, and in a rarity, the end credits depict all the orchestral players by instrument. Nice.<br /><br />Inside Man -- remarkably ingenious, refreshing, tight structure, consistently engaging, never drops a beat, brilliant!al villain, I-M is perhaps more timely and topical now than when it was first released in 2005. I particularly enjoyed how Madeleine White gets under the mayor's (and Arthur Case's) skin -- and the extremely smart bit where those characters, once out of the public eye, suddenly change their conversation in the blink of an eye from philanthropy to the lobbyist's language of coercion.   Like a mandela, the layers of good and evil, truth and lies, weave in and out on multiple levels. Much like life, nothing is as simple or clear cut as it seems.   There were many ways the events in this film could have unfolded to us. The timeline of the film is mostly linear, except for the \\"flash-forward\\", somewhat solarized hostage interviews which, positioned as they are, serve an intercutting function and break up the action nicely. The interrogations of the ex-hostages are terribly important because, after all, that's how the cops think they're going to break the case -- by finding the inside man. But if the hostage interviews had been piled up at the end of the movie, they would have been too much all at once and brought the movie to a stop.      Aside from the highly motivated characters, this film has a tremendous sense of humor and irony, and most of it comes out in the fact that the hostages are humiliated and bullied by the robbers AND the police. It is, in fact, the police who shoot rubber bullets at the hostages -- the robbers never fire a shot from their toy guns.   As a footnote, the main and end title designs were very nicely done, and in a rarity, the end credits depict all the orchestral players by instrument. Nice.  Inside Man -- remarkably ingenious, refreshing, tight structure, consistently engaging, never drops a beat, brilliant!
B0000AGQ6Y|4.0|I ordered this DVD because I recently bought my first HDTV. Short of BluRay, I thought this \\"high-end\\" DVD might be a good way to check out my new set. When I ran the disc I was pleased to find that it loaded and played perfectly. The image was excellent and exactly filled the 16:9 aspect ratio of my set. I have found that most of my DVD's have to be manually set for screen size and my TV's settings either underfill or overfill the screen, a software issue I believe.<br /><br />This disc worked perfectly except for one grievous defect, NO sound! I concluded that Amazon's warning about Superbit disc issues was well founded. I tried the disc in a second player and found that when I changed the sound setting, the disc's sound plays perfectly. The disc says that it is DTS (whatever that is), yet it was when I changed my sound setting from DTS to Dolby stereo, that the disc's sound appeared. I will diagram it for greater clarity. Perhaps I can save the next customer a bit of frustration. ( SOUND SETTING: DTS > Dolby 5.1 ) This worked.<br /><br />I have yet to watch the entire disc, having received it in the mail only a couple of hours ago. The disc seems to work perfecly in my Toshiba DVR machine and not in my Insignia DVD/VHS combo player. Check your player for the ability to switch sound from DTS to Dolby 5.1 before buying this disc. I hope this helps a few people.
B00003CXAE|4.0|Love the '50's music - especially seeing Sha Na Na at their best.  The only complaint I have with the movie is the suggestive language - but that is to be expected with that group of teens.  It is not enough to make me never watch again, but why I give it a 4 star rating.    Olivia Newton John's voice is lovely and I love \\"Hopelessly Devoted to You\\". John Travolta can do no wrong!    Kudos for Casting to include some of the stars from the 1950's.  That is a wonderful bonus.
B001KVZ6G6|5.0|Up was a great family movie. I missed it in the theatres and had to see it when it came home. The Blu-ray has some excellent 'behind-the-scenes' information, like their visit to the actual place the most of the film is 'based' on.<br /><br />The Digital copy is icing, now loading it on my wife's iPhone.
B001QXE0OC|5.0|The CD is great. it has a very diverse range of sound but also very well prepared love the whole CD. very good music.
B002HRTMHQ|5.0|Fabulous, incredible and oh so good.  I've had this CD for months now and am finally getting around to review it.  I wanted to really listen to it and make sure that it is as good as it really sounds.  This rates up there with last years' Raphael Saadiq's The Way I See It.  Again, I  have to say FINALLY, good music is making a comeback.  You can understand the words, sing along and dance to it too.  That's an art that is almost lost in this age of junk.  Shiny And New, Your Easy Lovin' just to name two are soooo good.  There really isn't a bad song on the album, I love it!!  Can't wait for the next Mayer Hawthorne album.  And a big thank you to Mayer for taking us back and keeping it new.  Do I maybe smell GRAMMY someday?
B002QEXN2K|5.0|For those who think that Battle Studies is just average John Mayer doing one too many slow songs, think again. Yes, the songs are slower, but the musicianship is amazing, and the lyrics on some songs have a depth only captured in a few earlier songs (like \\"Stop This Train\\").    Mayer makes it sound easy, but it's not. His guitar work is like a second voice that lends itself as an indispensable part of every song. This could have been called \\"Battle Studies Duets\\" and it wouldn't be a stretch.    Standout tracks on the album include the shimmering guitar work on \\"Edge of Desire\\" and the classic Clapton/Beatles inspired \\"Friends, Lovers or Nothing\\". Mayer makes more than one nod to his tabloid troubles, and the crafting of his lyrics throughout is really well done. While his album doesn't approach the heights of the classic albums of heart and heartbreak (Clapton's Layla and Dylan's Blood on the Tracks) this album is quintessentially Mayer at his most emotive.    For those who liked Continuum, this continues where it left off (no pun intended) and takes the songs to farther reaches. This album is far superior to Continuum in my opinion, which I believe was overrated except for a few standout tracks (Gravity).    If you appreciate Mayer's melodic approach to music, you will greatly appreciate this album.
159562015X|4.0|This book is great at understanding what you already knew about yourself and discovering strengths you might not be focusing on.  This book comes with a code for their online assessment which is the key to this book.  Once the assessment uncovers your primary skills there is a description, examples, ideas for action, and how to work with people that possess these skills.  \\"People have several times more potential for growth when they invest energy in developing their strengths instead of correcting their deficiencies.\\"  Strengths Finder 2.0 is should be on everyone's reading list: it is a great tool for learning about yourself, how to develop your inherent strengths and apply them to all areas of your life.    PS. My top five strengths are Communication Adaptability, Woo, Significance and Strategic.
B002IYEQR4|5.0|Awesome movie. Abd, the Ultimate Collection comes with all the bells and whistles the true Watchman fans expect. Lives up to its hype. Though it helps if you are a little familiar with the story line. Will keep you on the edge of your seat!
B0025KVLVA|5.0|EXCELLENT!  The improved sound quality makes it possible for  the listener to hear an entire new layer of the songs.  Almost as exciting as hearing them for the first time, but with the added bonus of already  knowing all of the words. Buy this NOW!
0316044938|3.0|I just finished reading this book and it was.. okay.  I agree with some of the other reviewers in that it seemed like the author wasn't sure if she wanted this book to be a murder mystery/thriller or a coming of age drama.  At first I thought the book was going to be the former, but about halfway through it seemed to give up on the mystery and focused solely on Susie's family and friends.  Not that that was a bad thing; if I had known that going into the story, I would have appreciated it for what it was, but instead I waited hundreds and hundreds of pages for something that never happened.      The writing style was very good and beautifully nostalgic.  The characters in Susie's family were complex and perfectly imperfect, which made them very real.  But that being said, I'm not sure why we were supposed to care about Ruth or Ray, and it seemed like the author invented the two people in Susie's heaven and then didn't know what to do with them.  And since Susie's murder was never going to be solved, I felt that following around Susie's murderer was a pointless plot line that went nowhere and detracted from the rest of the book.     Also, I find it kind of strange that people describe the opening scene of Susie's murder as graphic.  It's definitely disturbing, especially because it was written in the first person, but it was very artfully done and it's as minimalistic as possible.  I've read way more graphic and violent scenes in most suspense/thriller books out there.    So in short, I would say that this is a novel with plenty of brilliant parts, but it falls flat in plenty of places as well.  And that is something you'll definitely want to take into account before investing yourself in a book that is over 500 pages.
B00005OCMR|5.0|Tron is like a dream, where imagery and emotional content are strong but normal rules don't apply, and what rules there are may not have much rational coherence.  And on that level it works.<br /><br />The movie is mostly set inside the computer of the large (fictional) Encom Corporation.  The more being inside the computer is explained, the less sense it makes, so you just have to accept it as fantasy.  Computer programs are conscious, with personalities reflective of their programmers, called Users.  Inside the computer, most programs actually look just like their Users, and behave much as they would.  One program, called the Master Control Program (MCP), is taking over all the other programs in the computer, with an eye to expanding to programs in places like the Pentagon.  The MCP's hunger for conquest is pleased by using unwilling programs as gladiators in computer games where the losers die (are \\"derezzed,\\" from \\"deresolution\\").<br /><br />Tron (Bruce Boxleitner) is a program designed to make things open and free in the computer, thereby undoing the dark work of the MCP.<br /><br />Flynn (Jeff Bridges) is a real-world wiz at both playing and writing computer games.  While trying to find the evidence that the MCP's original programmer, who now serves the MCP in the real world, stole some successful game programs from him, he's sucked (to use a technical term) into the computer, where he now looks like and has the same basic state as a program.  Taken prisoner by the MCP and made to play for his life the games he created, he joins with Tron and a female program (yes, programs have gender), to escape the MCP's control and restore goodness and light.<br /><br />There's a quasi-spiritual side to all of this.  It comes out in a not entirely serious way in treating the belief among programs in Users as a religious belief.  The MCP is trying to eliminate that belief, but programs naturally wonder where they came from.  When Tron learns that Flynn is a User, he says one of the film's funnier lines, \\"If you are a User, then everything you've done has been according to a plan, right?\\"  There are sideways glances at other real-world issues too, such as a struggle of decentralized computing (as in personal computers, still new at the time) vs central computing (mainframes), and corporate corruption of idealism and creativity.  The latter qualities are embodied in the character Walter, who started Encom in his garage (just as Walt Disney started his enterprise in his--what parallel does that suggest?).<br /><br />The fantasy of escaping from an oppressive system and passing through trials, with some romance thrown in, is basic and universal, the stuff of dreams.  Inside the computer, the story unfolds like a dream, aided by the otherworldly special effects.  The backgrounds are mainly dark.  A lot of the animation is the addition of light, as though programs and their surroundings glow from within via what are designed to look like electronic circuits.  The terrain (as it were) includes both vast spaces and tight passages through which various vehicles move in breakneck, menacing, or graceful ways.  Sometimes it feels like what we might imagine it to be like to be in a video game (from the early 80s), sometimes it's more like being in an airplane over a city at night.  It was impressive on the big screen, and still packs some punch for home viewing.<br /><br />The effects in Tron are unique, based on a hybrid of early computer animation and highly labor-intensive manual animation.  They were groundbreaking at the time.  The filmmakers remark in the special features that no film will ever be done the same way again, which is probably true as to process.<br /><br />Even so, Tron 2 is coming out this year and the trailer does have a distinctive Tron look, if much advanced (google Tron Legacy to see it and get more info).<br /><br />The musical score, by Wendy Carlos, makes more sense if you recall what video game music sounded like in the early 1980s.<br /><br />The major special features in this DVD set are the audio commentary with the writer/director and several of the main effects makers, and an 88-minute making-of feature (with no chapters--poor execution there).  It's best to watch the making-of feature before you listen to the commentary, so you'll have a better idea what they're talking about when the commentary turns technical, which it does a lot.  There are also some deleted scenes, some substantial.  The other features on the second disc often overlap with parts of the making-of, but there's some interesting stuff in some of them, mainly for those wanting more details about how the project developed.  (The Kodaliths they keep talking about but never fully explain are the 12.5\\" x 20\\" celluloid transparencies used in the animation process, one for each animated frame of film--that's a lot of Kodaliths.)<br /><br />By the way, if the idea of being inside a computer game is of interest, there's a serious philosophical argument that this universe is a simulation, that we're virtual creatures ourselves.  Google Bostrom simulation for details.  I think it's an interesting and significant argument.<br /><br />This would be at most a 4-star movie in most respects, but the pioneering effects make it 5 for me.the audio commentary with the writer/director and several of the main effects makers, and an 88-minute making-of feature (with no chapters--poor execution there).  It's best to watch the making-of feature before you listen to the commentary, so you'll have a better idea what they're talking about when the commentary turns technical, which it does a lot.  There are also some deleted scenes, some substantial.  The other features on the second disc often overlap with parts of the making-of, but there's some interesting stuff in some of them, mainly for those wanting more details about how the project developed.  (The Kodaliths they keep talking about but never fully explain are the 12.5\\" x 20\\" celluloid transparencies used in the animation process, one for each animated frame of film--that's a lot of Kodaliths.)    By the way, if the idea of being inside a computer game is of interest, there's a serious philosophical argument that this universe is a simulation, that we're virtual creatures ourselves.  Google Bostrom simulation for details.  I think it's an interesting and significant argument.    This would be at most a 4-star movie in most respects, but the pioneering effects make it 5 for me.
B000N2HCM4|1.0|Just read it - borrowed it from the local library. A lot of great words. Too bad most of the stuff turned out to be lies written with the sole purpose of getting elected.
B000AYEL6U|5.0|At first when I started playing this movie, I thought I was going to hate it because of the smoggy gray setting.  But I gave it a chance and quickly became so interested in the story and characters.  I watched this movie before reading the book so I didn't know what to expect...by the end of the movie, my heart was so touched, i actually had a few tears...i don't think I could have felt so moved if it weren't for the wonderful casting of each character.  Mr Thornton was cast so well, I enjoyed his character better than Colin Firth's portrayal of Mr. Darcy in Pride and Prejudice!  I had no idea i was going to love this mini series so much!  What a great surprise!  Elizabeth Gaskell's stories are wonderful and BBC productions of them are amazing!
1591843065|5.0|If money or portability are your primary considerations, then get a used copy of the first edition, as it communicates the central ideas in an almost identical fashion and is easier to carry around. However, if a few more dollars and a slightly-bigger book don't bother you, consider buying this new edition, as it's subtly-revised diagrams and improved explanation of key brain science concepts make it easier to understand on the first read.  For more detail on the differences between this and the previous edition, read on...    Both books are hardcovers and much of the content (including, sadly, the Resources listed in the Appendix) is the same.  However, there are a number of important differences between these editions:    SIZE    At 8.2 x 8 x 1.3 inches, it is bigger than the first edition, which clocked in at 7.1 x 7.1 x 1 inches. While this does allow for the pictures to be bigger and slightly easier to see, it also means a larger, oddly-shaped book to carry around.  This only matters if, like me, you like to schlepp your favorite books around and carry them on the bus.    PAGES & TEXT    Includes more pages at 304 pages, rather than the previous edition's 278, making it a mere 0.2 pounds heavier.  10 of those additional 26 pages are the new \\"Appendix A: The Ten (and a Half) Commandments of Visual Thinking.\\" This is a very useful set of 11 rules of thumb to keep in mind when applying Roam's visual thinking technique.  Most, if not all, of these rules are mentioned elsewhere in the book, so don't let this appendix be your only reason for purchasing the newest edition.  In addition, these 11 rules are summarized nicely in a slideshow elsewhere on the internet ([...]/visual_think_map/the-10-12-commandments-of-visual-thinking-the-lost-chapter-from-the-back-of-the-napkin). Nonetheless, it is helpful to have them laid out, visually, in one place. Another 8 pages are the new Foreword, which explains Roam's experience of visually attempting to sell the idea for this book to the publishers at Penguin.  While interesting and a good example, it is also not a reason to buy this edition.    COLOR & PICTURES    Instead of just black text/pictures, red is now used to highlight chapter headings and subheadings, as well as help readers distinguish between parts of Roam's originally-all-black illustrations and diagrams.  This is astonishingly helpful - as it is much easier to understand his diagrams at first glance. Given the table on page 66 (identical to that on page 72 in the first edition), it is no surprise that a small change in color makes it easier for our eyes to distinguish among the parts of his diagrams. In addition, he has added some additional sketches in the book to better visually explain some of his concepts. I was particularly impressed by his improvements to chapters 4 and 5 on how to look better and see sharper.  Both his pictures and his text in this section have been revised to provide more clarity for potentially-confusing sections that are partially dependent on communicating a few key brain science concepts. His diagrams illustrating the 6 ways of seeing/showing are also a bit clearer than in the first edition.    OUTLINE OF BOOK CONCEPTS  For an outline of the major concepts in the book, see my blog post ([...]/blog/review-back-of-the-napkin-solving-problems-and-selling-ideas-with-pictures-expanded-edition-2009) for more details.
0792839749|4.0|Movie arrived within time frame given but would have liked a more prompt arrival.  DVD in very good shape.  No problems.
B000002LIM|5.0|I am sure you all hear this quite often, but I am quite the Batman fanatic.  I have owned this original Batman score for many years and recently felt compelled to write a brief, perhaps even curt given the awesome subject matter, review.    I would like to personally punch Joel Schumacher in the face for nearly killing the franchise with the poor Batman Forver and atrociously awful Batman & Robin.  Thankfully, Christopher Nolan stepped in to rescue the Caped Crusader, producing the best two entries of the lot yet.  Unfortunately, the music has only continued to degrade since Elfman's original masterpiece (Goldenthal's was pretty good, but Zimmer's effort was mediocre at best).  Some say Elfman's original Batman theme has been inspired by German composer Paul Hindemith's opera Mathis der Maler.  Personally, I find that association to be a bit of a stretch.  But whether or not Elfman was inspired by Hindemith, Batman remains one of the most enduring themes in cinema history and is by far the most recognizable and well-written bit of music for a comic book super hero. But the exceptional music does not end with the theme.  Danny Elfman remains the only composer to exquisitely capture the duality of the trouble man: Bruce Wayne and Batman.  The title theme captures this sense of angst and triumph well, but the score is littered with hints of this struggle (that Michael Keaton did a commendable job portraying visually).  The late 80s and early 90s were the golden age for Elfman, Edward Scissorhands and Beetlejuice being two other notable classics, and you are doing yourself a disservice if you do not have access to this masterpiece.  I'm neither a composer nor a professional musician of any sort, but I am a devout film score collector and Batman will forever be one of my absolute favorites.
B0026P3G12|5.0|If you are to give the gifts that you would like to receive, then I hit it out of the ballpark this Christmas in giving this CD to my mother.  I fell in love with Susan's pure, clear vocals after watching her audition on YouTube, and my mom fell in love with her style, too.  She represented someone in our type of world who could wow the world; her story gives hope.<br /><br />While I'm not fond of \\"Cry Me a River\\", I adore the other songs; so much so that, after my mother let me listen to her present, I had to buy it for myself.  Her voice is free of all the digital tweaks that can be added to today's performers.  She's got the power of Celine Dion without the types of frills that are Celine's trademark.  Susan makes her songs believable even though you've heard the songs before.  My particular favorite is \\"You'll See\\" and I personally think she makes the song, even though I know it through Madonna's recording.  This CD is worth every penny you'll spend.  We'll be hearing from Susan for years to come, I hope!
B0026P3G12|5.0|Susan Boyle is an outstanding vocalist.  Tremendous talent.  This CD is I blieve her first offering since she appeared on American Iydll.  The group of songs does showcase her voice and the music is pleasant.  The actual sound quality of the CD is ony fair which is surprising.  I was using high quality equipment with Boston Acoustic speakers and could tell.  Still, the product gets a five star rating because of the artist.  Great story around the discovery of this great talent.
B001JRB16U|5.0|Seller was very prompt in sending my order.  DVD arrived in perfect condition!  Impressive.
B00005MP58|5.0|Jane Austin's Pride and Prejudice is lovingly portrayed in this 6 hour mini-series brought to you by BBC.<br />Each actor portray's his or her characters flawlessly.  Other movies made are good but making this a lenglthy series lets us dig deeper into the lives of the Bennets. A must for anyone who enjoy's Jane Austin.<br />And PS.. Colind Firth as Mr. Darcy .. enough said.
0439023491|1.0|mmmm... yes. The Second Hunger Games book. After enjoying the first one immensely, I had high hopes for the second one. Soon it was quite obvious that Catching Fire was not going to give the action and excitment the first had much of. Indeed, Catching Fire never really picked up for me, usually a book might start out slow in the beginning and by the end I am absorbed into it, but Catching Fire lacked that pull. Why?<br /><br />First off the writing is starting to get very annoying, there isnt a single paragraph without the main character breaking off into space and thinking out loud every thought, feeling, and emotion. There was quite alot of that in the first book, but the plot and the action helped take my mind off it, meanwhile in the second book there is no such distraction. Soon its seemed very like reading a girl's diary, Suzanne Collins diary.<br /><br />Second, is that Catching Fire is so similar to the first one that it has more deja vu then the movie deja vu, the one with Denzel Washington. I can't write the closest similarity on my review because that would be too much of a spolier. The book has nothing that can really distinguish itself from the first one. The two books are so similar the only difference is how bad the second one is. If the first book was Dr.Evil, Catching Fire would be Mini-Me.<br /><br />Third, the love triangle between Gale, Petra and Katniss is very flat and unrealistic. I have a hard time calling it a love triangle since it seems like no one really likes each other. Its almost like the three characters are acting, pretending that their in love. Pretending like Katniss did for the citizens of the Capitol when she was in the Hunger Games. Gale,Petra and Katniss seem to be faking their love so that we, the people who pay for Suzanne Collin's bread, will be buying her books.<br /><br />At best it can be said of being a bridge to support the series to the last and final book, A very shaky bridge. I can imagine that many people will fall off this bridge and never make it to the Third book. Indeed Im thinking weither or not the third book is worth reading after this literature disaster.off this bridge and never make it to the Third book. Indeed Im thinking weither or not the third book is worth reading after this literature disaster.
B00005JN8Z|5.0|The movie had great cinematography.  Although based on a novel, the historic aspects were pretty accurate.  I would recommend the movie to anyone wanting to have a glimpse of the lives of early Christians.
B00006F83Y|5.0|To those unfamiliar with Queens of the Stone Age, this record could have easily passed as one of the most badass hard rock mix tapes of all time.  Everything from 80s college rock to death metal is hinted at here, and there isn't a boring moment on the whole album.  Three vocalists and some very different rock stylings make this an ambitious undertaking, but the fact that every damn song is incredible makes this not just a \\"stoner rock classic\\" but quite simply one of the best albums of all time by any artist, in any genre.  Dave Grohl provides one of the most outstanding, most memorable drum performances in music history.    This is one of the ten best records of the 2000's and Queens of the Stone Age's finest hour.
0316017922|1.0|As a former regional jet pilot, I turned straight to the section on aviation safety. Gladwell compares the superior safety record of U.S. major airlines with some foreign carriers and concludes that the explanation can be found in the culture and ethnicity of the pilots. He ignores the more obvious explanation that U.S. major airlines are piloted by much more experienced crews. You can't be the copilot on Continental, for example, unless you've first been the copilot and then captain on Continental Express. Foreign countries typically don't have the infrastructure of flight schools, private pilots, and regional airlines that we have here, so their \\"major airlines\\" will hire 23-year-olds fresh out of flight school. The 24-year-old kid in the U.S. would be helping a private student learn how to handle a 4-seat Cessna. The 24-year-old kid in Hamburg, Germany in March 2008 nearly wrecked a Lufthansa Airbus A320 with 131 passengers in the back by attempting a landing in a 50-knot crosswind. Would an American have done better? Gladwell suggests so, but really there is no way to tell because no U.S. major airline would let a 24-year-old anywhere near the controls of an Airbus.<br /><br />It would be nice if the publisher had submitted this chapter to a couple of pilots for review...
0273710516|1.0|Nothing like taking a perfectly simple concept, make it sound as complex as possible by adding enough buzz words like \\"time order\\" or \\"sequential analysis\\" and shoe-horned them into some sort of generic S-C-Q order, brand it a mystique name like \\"Pyramid Principle\\", then package it into a consulting \\"methodology\\". The whole concept can be summarized as follow,    - Start with a broad summary, tell a story to set the scene.  - Arrange ideas into related groups.  - Provide supporting evidence, dig deeper into details.    Most people learn that in college if not high school, nothing special really.    NB: my copy is a revised 2009 edition.
B002SJIO4A|1.0|by far the worst movie in sci fi history !!!!!!!! cat food addiction? waste of time money and dvd DO NOT WASTE MORE TIME THAN YOU TOOK TO READ THIS REVIEW MINUS THREE DAYS!!!!!!! STUPID STUPID STUPID
B0009NSE1K|5.0|Thought I'd contribute a short review to this record.  I think it is Clutch's finest hour and one of the defining works of hard rock of the 2000's.  Neil Fallon's best verbal wizardry, some of the best riffs and songwriting of Clutch's career, and a healthy dose of Hammond organ to boot make it a bluesy hard rock classic.  Yes, I'm a huge Clutch fanboy.  But even from a huge fan such as myself, this statement is no small thing:  I think \\"Burning Beard\\" off this record was the best song of the aughts.  By any artist.  It's absolute hard rock perfection to my ears.  The video is great too.    Robot Hive/Exodus is unbeatable.  If you're new to Clutch, enjoy.  Heavy music doesn't get any better than this.
B002VPE1AM|3.0|My chief complaint about this movie is just what my title says.  Anybody can throw money at a movie to make it pretty these days.  And don't get me wrong, Avatar is a very pretty movie.  The 3d was really good, the design of Pandora was amazing, the scope of the movie was Epic.  But just because it's a very pretty movie, does it mean it's good?  I don't think so.    I was reading the making of book and there is this intro by Peter Jackson, and he talks about \\"suspension of disbelief.\\"  Mr Jackson is talking about the world created in this movie, and yes it is a very pretty world.  The problem is it doesn't get by my suspension of disbelief because the story, dialogue, and characters are so bad in this movie.    Avatar is basically \\"Dances With Fern Gully in Space.\\"  The bad guy is bad because he is bad.  He does bad things because hes the bad guy, even things that are illogical.  Because the bad guy isn't a character, he is just some poor shmuck who is being pushed about by Cameron's keyboard because he has to be bad to advance the plot.  The army guys who work for him, well they are all bad too.  Why are they bad, I don't know they just are.  Except for the named pilot soldier character who hangs out with the main characters, she has a heart of gold.  The good guys are intellectual scientists, who are trying to save the planet.  The main character is good because he learns there ways, and the natives go along with it and teach them all their ways IN THREE MONTHS because he is somehow better than all the people who came before him.  Everybody just magically does things, and is able to do amazing things, just to further the plot.    The result was the movie is pretty, very very pretty.  It's also very predictable, and is a paint by numbers evil tech vs noble savage plot.  Also the message I got from it at the end is that humanity has no hope.  Anyway if all your looking for is something cool to watch, your not going to do better than Avatar.  If you are looking for agood story, writing, characters, you should probably look elsewhere.
B000XUBFE2|4.0|This book made me want to read more about that time.  It has been quite a while since I had to study history in school and this made me want to pick up another book about this time.  I love when books make me research things and really think.  I want to go back and read \\"The Diary of Anne Frank\\" again.
B000007NYS|5.0|More stripped down then Car Wheels and unlike Car Wheels only 90% of its songs are 10s but that 90% is so much more then any of its peers can give you.
B001AQTWF2|5.0|I've always been a Whitney fan, and this album is no exception. Yes, she does have a different sound (deeper, more soulful), but she's still the same Whitney. There are a couple of songs on this album I don't really care for, but overall, I've immensely enjoyed listening to it. If you've always liked Whitney Houston, I'm inclined to think you'll like this one, too.
B001OQCV60|5.0|I really enjoyed this movie, much more that I was expecting.  I went to see this with my wife.  I knowing next to nothing about the source material, my wife having read all the stories.  We both enjoyed the movie.  I think part of the problem that people have with this movie is the baggage that comes with Sherlock Holmes.  People have this image of the man, that is burned into our brains, which is also largely the invention of the BBC ages ago, and not what the character really was in the stories.  I would highly suggest that you leave your image of Sherlock Holmes at the door if you decide to see this movie.    After watching the movie I picked up my wifes copy of \\"A Study in Scarlet\\" and found surprisingly that the performances in this peace worked nicely in the original stories.  In the first story Watson is introduced to Holmes from a mutual friend.  The first thing Holmes does is maniclly explaining a test he just developed to spot a small trace of blood, then say he needs a roommate, and followed by Holmes rattling off why he makes a horrible roommate.  Watson finds it refreshing, but the mania that Downey shows in his performance fits in very well with this description.    So to put it bluntly, I have a feeling people who don't like this movie because it's \\"not Sherlock Holmes\\" probably haven't read the source material with a critical eye, and the image of Sherlock in their mind is from the media.  Now given I read the first part of the first story so I'm hardly an expert here, but just some food for thought.    As for the movie I found it to be very well done.  The script is very clever and none of the dialogue or characters made me cringe.  Downey portrays Holmes as he was in the stories, addicted to drugs, manic depressive, odd, and far to blunt for his own good.  Jude Law is also very good as a very witty able Watson.  Most people think Watson to be a fool (again due to the old BBC show), but in the stories after a time Watson does become a good investigator in his own right.  The bit in the middle of the movie were Watson decides that the owner of a watch must be an alcoholic is lifted straight from the stories.    The plot kept me guessing the whole time, and was presented in such a way as to not be to obvious.  The ending got a little action movie, but I forgave it.  The soundtrack by Hans Zimmer is amazing and is something I am going to pick up when it is released.  For an action movie with four action sequences, I was highly entertained.  Go see it.
B002CAWNEM|1.0|I purchase the movie Obsessed a few months ago and since then have watch it a number of times. First of all Beyonce' should REALLY stick to singing...that's where her raw talent lies. I think Sanaa Lathan or Gabrielle Union would have been better casted for the role of \\"Sharon\\", but since this movie was produced by Ms. Knowles and her father, who else would play the part other than she? Now here are some of the flaws I found to be noticeable through out the movie. In the beginning of the movie, Sharon clearly states that the baby, Kyle is 2 years old. When Derek asks Sharon what her plans are for the night (right before he leaves for the office Christmas party) Sharon tells him \\"the usual, formula, oatmeal....\\" What parent feeds their kid formula at the age of two?  Sharon is a stay-at-home mom. Before Derek leaves for the party, she tells him to make sure that he eats something if he's going to be drinking....why didn't she cook something for him to eat at home? When she tells him that he needs to eat something, she reminds him that he drank too much last year at the party which resulted in her becoming pregnant and giving birth to Kyle. If that were true, Kyle would only be three months old (if conceived in December, Kyle would have been born in September)...so how is Kyle two years old?  She also mentions earlier in the movie when she's talking about her upcoming school schedule that Derek told her that once he got promoted and she could have a baby and then return to school. This sounds like baby Kyle was planned and not mistakenly conceived out of drunken passion. This movie was so predictable from beginning to end. Idris Elba, Ali Larter and Jerry O'Connell played convincing roles, but there was absolutely no chemistry among the cast. Beyonce' is a talented singer and performer, but she has definitely not been gifted with the acting bug. Obsessed was a diaster in the making...literally.
B0026P3G12|5.0|I saw Susan Boyle on Britain's Got Talent.  It moved me so that I looked for her album.  The songs all sound to be in the same rhythm.  It needs some faster paced songs.  But the album is good.  Her voice is so clear and strong.    I recommend this album of songs.  Susan has come a very long way.
B001OQCV60|3.0|***  SPOILERS WITHIN  ***<br /><br />I will give the producers credit, getting Guy Ritchie to direct and casting Robert Downey Jr. in the role, but all the changes are cosmetic; Holmes is exactly what you expect, making deductions with a glance that would take the crew of \\"CSI\\" a whole episode.  In this, he's been given some brawling skills and a more dashing wardrobe, but there's no real major changes in the interpretation, unlike what they did with James Bond in [[ASIN:B000MNP2KI Casino Royale (2-Disc Widescreen Edition)]].<br /><br />But they had some opportunities; there are several scenes in which Watson and Irene Sadler--Holmes' love interest--are seemingly killed, and I thought to myself, \\"NOW it's going to get good!\\"  But alas, no; his compatriots manage to escape serious harm, and any real challenges to Holmes as a person slipped away.  But still, a nod must be given to the makers for at least trying to do something different, unlike some other recent films--namely \\"Avatar\\".
B001JRB16U|5.0|My girls ages 18 mos. and 4 just love this whole story.  They love the songs and it provides great models for children to look up to with great lessons to learn.  The music throughout is wonderful, too, and they love to dance to it.
1905654294|3.0|Can't resist chiming in.  Reading these reviews refreshed me as to the complex mix of emotions this book brought forth when I read it a while back.  (SPOILER ALERT) I have to say that those who found Jacob's \\"imprinting\\" off-putting should take a long hard look at Edward and pre-vampire-Bella's relationship.  SM is quite clear that the werewolf who imprinted on a very young girl did not view her in a lustful way, but rather a permanent bond - parental, almost.  Personally I have always found Edward's protectiveness a little creepy - and he often treated Bella like a child, carrying her around, rocking her on his lap in a rocking chair, singing her a lullaby for gosh sakes!  I know, it's a fantasy and all, but it grated on me.      I may be thick, but the scene where Jacob imprinted shocked me totally - I did not see that coming.  I have a lot less issue with that imprinting than I do with Edward and Bella's \\"I'll protect you my precious and fragile flower\\" relationship.    I also must strongly agree with another poster's disbelief about Bella's transformation - stronger than Emmett?  No.  Crumble granite?  Come on.  I found the entire subject of Renesmee disturbing.  I respect SM's art in seeing this story through, but I had a strong dislike for this creature, she had no appeal to me.  I felt revulsion for her, and most readers are likely too attached to Bella to much appreciate something that will harm or kill our heroine to feed itself.  The whole maturing-within-weeks thing really stretched credulity, if you can use that word with this remarkable series.  Just all a little too convenient - a flawless and brilliant child, so embraced by the extended family that Edward/Bella have no blip on their romantic relationship and have all the time in the world with each other.      I loved the wedding and honeymoon.  Sure, I'd have liked more details!  But I wouldn't want my daughter to have any more, so there we stand...she did a fine job leaving out the complicated areas.    Finally I say thank you to SM for writing such an entrancing series.  Quibbling aside, it was great fun, utterly absorbing, and she did such a beautiful job.
B000QCS9NM|1.0|I bought this book for my kindle because I wanted a change of pace.  My wife had just watched Fight Club and kept talking about it.  Books are always better than movies so I bought Choke - expecting it to be as good or better.  I could list a number of pejoratives to describe this book but I'll leave it simple.  This book is just SILLY!  The characters are silly.  The plot is silly.  The attempts to shock are silly.      I devour books, especially good ones - but this one - I couldn't get it down - it made me \\"Choke\\".  Maybe Chuck Palahniuk will see me choking and come save me!  Maybe he'll feel so proud of himself afterwards that he'll start sending me checks every year on the anniversary of this post!    Nahhhh. . . that's silly.
B002VDB0IK|4.0|...Sherlock Holmes versus giant monsters? Steampunk body armor? Spring Heeled Jack as the villain? It's a low-budget film that's at least as much about setting Buffy the Vampire Slayer into Victorian England as about the Sherlock Holmes character. As a movie, how is it though? Well, not bad, it's kinda fun, but you have to be willing to stomach the low-cost production (which shows all the way through), some rather campy acting (sorry guys!), and a ridiculous plot. But it is fun!<br /><br />Negatives:<br />- Fundamentally dishonest in coming to market with a big Hollywood version of Sherlock Holmes in the theaters (and both versions have steampunked up Victorian London)<br />- Cheap, cheap, cheap<br /><br />Positives:<br />- It's fun and funny<br />- Much in the tradition of Peter Cushing, Dr. Who, Quartermass, and Hammer Studios<br />- Do you like Buffy?<br />- Enormous monsters being fought by Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson (think of it as a reincarnation of the Godzilla vs. INSERT CREATURE HERE movies)
B000MR9D5E|2.0|This series included many scenes of dead/dying species, which to our 5 year old grandaughter were frightening ..    We do not recommend this for young children ...
B00000K31V|4.0|This is one of my favorites of all time.  I went through a phase in 2009 of buying some of the most memorable and favorite movies I have ever seen.  And this was one of them. After having not seen it for years, seeing it again after years did not disappoint.    It is like a wonderful dream sequence and leaves you in suspense right to the very end.
B0026P3G12|5.0|Love the speedy service from Amazon and their great prices.  I Love my CD of I Dreamed A Dream to the MAX!  My Cookbooks also arrived in great condition for the price I paid and were delivered in a timely manor.  I LOVE EVERYTHING about Amazon and would not have discovered it at all if it weren't for my grandaughter here at College vacation time!  I ended up getting 9 gifts for Christmas through Amazon and plan on getting many more in the future.  Thanks for the great site.    Geraldine Johnson  Apple Valley, Minnesota
0786838655|5.0|I expected this to be a cheap Harry Potter knockoff, but boy was I wrong: it's a smart, glossy, high-rent HP knockoff and darned fun to read.  It has the same positive energy with a grim undertone that made HP a pleasure for kids and adults alike.  And, though author Rick Riordan drops sly hints acknowledging his debt to Rowling, Tolkien, LeGuin, and others, he also veers off in directions those authors would not dare venture.<br /><br />Rowling, for instance, made the wizard world the rule, and real life something her characters venture into occasionally.  Riordan does the opposite: Camp Half-Blood is an oasis, a retreat, but not a place Percy can permanently settle.  Rowling and Tolkien were coy about the source of the uncanny in their settings, but Riordan doesn't blush to call it the Gods.  Riordan puts our world at risk in a way Rowling could only hint at.<br /><br />Riordan also reverses an important Rowling trait.  Where Harry was exceptional, too good for our world, Riordan's heroes are this world's rejects, the kids everyone writes of as incorrigible or beyond hope.  Percy is dyslexic, hyperactive, and a chronic troublemaker--in other words, he's like a large share of his readers who aren't secret geniuses, but privately imagine that they might have something more to dream of.<br /><br />This novel is energetic, funny, chilling, inventive, and more.  It plays with readers' expectations, by turns giving us what we want and what we never could have foreseen.  It openly reaches for the HP market, but it doesn't just pander, it presents us with a new story that we can really support.  And it's just gobs of fun to read.
B000FA5TTW|5.0|Such a well-written, heartwarming story. Great for all ages. Extremely well done narrative. Just read it on my new kindle! Makes the experience even better. Would read a hundred times more.
0307454541|5.0|Although I found this book a little slow at first, once the character of Salander was introduced, I was HOOKED.  Some reviewers seem to feel the book is slow all the way through, or boring, but I don't agree.  The plot is interesting and kept me turning the pages to the end.  I didn't really want it to end.  I'm glad there is another book available and another one coming in the series.  The sexual abuse in the book is unpleasant and may put some readers off, but overall I thought the book was excellent and look forward to reading the others.
0439023483|5.0|This is a very unusual and absorbing book.  A real page turner, if a little gory at times.  I was hooked and have avidly read the sequel.  I look forward to the third book.
B00005JKQZ|5.0|A BEAUTIFUL MIND is about a brilliant mathematician John Nash, (Russlle Crowe) who is working on a new concept at Princeton University, but when he is informed by William (Ed Harris) a government agent, that a top secret operative is being developed and that they need his help to decipher a intercepted code, He reluctantly agrees.    Pressure, stress and time sensitive code cracking send him into huge bouts of paranoia and depression. In the mean time, he must keep his assignment a secret from his wife Allicia, (Jennifer Connely)  his best friend Charles (Paul Betanny) and anyone else, for that matter.  Little by little as the codes become increaingly more difficult and an ever impending threat draws near, he begins to crack under the constant pressure.    This movie is a rare journey into places that few dare visit.  It will stimulate positive thinking and will have the viewer questioning thier own understanding of it.  I can appreciate a movie where intelligence can be underestimated and over thinking can be out done.    I highly recommend this movie, the story is mind bending and, at the very least, will definitely give you some food for thought!
B000683VI4|5.0|Received item in the condition described and in a timely manner.  I would do business with this vendor again .
B000EAT246|5.0|If you are a Roy Sneider or Warren Oates fan this is the movie to see.
B0025KVLSI|5.0|This album is often looked down upon somewhat by many Beatles fans because it contains (GASP!) some cover songs (run for the hills!).      Let me tell you something- John Lennon screaming out \\"Rock and Roll Music\\"- Well, it just doesn't get any better than that.    I have little patience for fans that seem to think that each of the earlier Beatles albums were some sort of progression or prelude to Revolver and Sgt. Pepper.  Personally, I love all the Beatles albums including the earlier ones that included covers.    Essential?  You bet.
B001N1DPDE|5.0|I purchased 2 BK2's for our BOB's, I recently went on vacation and when a friend saw it in my EDC he offered to buy it on the spot(he does not have a computer to order). I told him I would order one for him but after his relentless whining I let him have it. I just ordered another and would recomend it to anyone who wants a rugged affordable high quality knife. You will need to sharpen it if you are picky but if you are afraid to sharpen it get a club...
B0026P3G12|5.0|Susan Boyle's first CD, I Dreamed A Dream, is a beautiful recording.  Her music reaches not only my ears, but my soul as well.  The songs are wonderful, and Ms. Boyles sings them wonderfully.  If you enjoy heavenly singing, I highly recommend this CD.  While the music often tugs at my heart, it also leaves me feeling inspired and uplifted.  While it's hard to choose a favorite, if I had to I guess it would be between Wild Horses and I Dreamed A Dream.  I think they would be chosen because I have not heard Wild Horses before, and I rarely hear I Dreamed A Dream.  Nevertheless, all of the songs are wonderful to listen to; there is not one song that I skip while listening to the CD.
B002NC8JEC|5.0|While this CD is mainly Motown's effort to cash in on Michael Jackson's untimely passing, it is a masterfully done job. There are 21 tracks, 17 of them musical, the other four are greetings from the individual J5 members, Michael, Jermaine, Jackie and Tito (guess they couldn't find one by Marlon, and Randy wasn't part of the J5). The first 11 tracks make up the original album, or CD if you prefer. We finally get to hear Michael's rare solo effort, \\"Little Christmas Tree\\" which came out a couple of years after the album. Until now, you had to get the \\"Motown Christmas\\" CD (with the purple cover) to hear that song. The alternate takes of Up on the Housetop, Rudolph and Someday at Christmas are still good to listen to. The a capella version of Give Love on Christmas Day shows what a powerful voice Michael had, even at a very young age. The Christmas Medley is basically songs snipped together, in their original forms. The songs that make up the medley are:    Santa Claus is Coming To Town  Up on the Housetop  Frosty the Snowman  I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus  We Wish You a Merry Christmas*    * The last song is the final part of their rendition of Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas. Overall a great CD for any Michael Jackson fan to have, reminding us of what great talent he had.
B002VPE1AM|4.0|The movie does a great job of emmersing you into the world of Pandora, especially in 3D.  The movie is full of emotion and it shows what the ideal world would be like, with everyone and everything connected.  By the end of the movie you'll be rooting for the Navi and for the world of Pandora.
B002RSDW80|1.0|I can't believe no one else has mentioned the rude, slurping, smacking and just plain disgusting noises these characters made while tasting the food - and each other. Could not finish watching this movie. One star for helping with with my New Year's Resolution - I have no desire to eat rich food!
B001EN71DQ|4.0|I'm very happy to have the last 3 pieces to the puzzle, however, I'm VERY displeased with the editing.    The 2nd disk skips / freezes and the other 2 disks make you think they've frozen, but it's just a chopped up scene.    Hollywood apparently doesn't care anymore except to get your money for the DVD's.    Disappointed in that respect, but otherwise, they're ok.
0790729970|5.0|After discovering an ancient mask with strange powers, a timid bank clerk is instantly transformed into an indestructible superhero, able to fulfill his innermost desires and whims. This movie is one hilarious action romance comedy that will give you hour of fun. Jim Carrey is made for this movie, very, very talented actor. This movie is simply outstanding. Pure enjoyment.
B002PMV9FG|2.0|(To All hardcore Harry Potter fans and people who really love the story, PLEASE read)  Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince*  Well first let me start off and say I was jonesin' to see this movie, i had rediscovered the wonderful world of HarryPotter, about 6 months before HP6's theatrical release, and was anxiously awaiting, and expecting to see the ORIGINAL release in Nov 08. Only to find out about 2 to 3 months before that they decided to move it forward to Jul 09. I WAS FURIOUS!! My blood was boiling. Their excuse was \\"summer movie sales are better\\" so they knowingly make their die hard fans wait even LONGER and go into HP withdrawal to see this, all for the lust of the money, playing on people (suckers) who wilingly will throw $ at Harry Potter because its such an epic story, Shows how much these movie goons really care about what their patrons think!! -keep this in mind-  The movie-  So the day came when I got to see this movie. (I read the first 5 chapters of the book out of impatience) I sat down and it was almost like the first 15 just flash before your eyes (really choppy) They changed crap around, added unneccesary Politically Correctness, they all seemed different(persona's), the colors are muted (which is cool in its own right, but not very HP'ish)seemed too \\"REAL\\" for a fantasy movie, I was soooo confused by what was going on that by the time I could figure anything out the movie was over!! Really short movie. It also had that weird gloomyness and un-magicalness that \\"Goblet of fire\\" had (which is my least favorite HP movie), but it wasnt enough to completely RUIN the movie because that gloomyness is appropriate for HP6, but not the unmagicalness! They drained the fantasy out of this one, and there is plenty in the book! They ALSO spent WAAAAAAAAAY too much time on the foofy la-la love crap, when THAT could have been cut out instead of important key information (in the book) OKAY Voldemort wants to kill yalls asses but your sitting here whispering sweet nothings and playing footsie! The love crap really bugs me, its a real, to me,distraction & unimportant part of the story, and about 50% of the movie is wrapped up in the trio's love strings. I have no Idea how DYates will pull the 7th one off but im scared.Ive watched the movie 4-6 times, I finally just read the entire book to fully understand whats going on.   I dont understand the reinvisioning being done. JUST DO IT LIKE THE BOOK DAMNIT! I know its a book to movie adaptation, but thats exactly what it is an ADAPTATION, make it adapt to fit into a movie! That doesnt mean REINVISION & REWRITE the story according to the director!!! This goes all back to the lack of respect to the loyal consumer/patron, there is no respect, they know they're getting your money regardless, so WHO CARES?!  Now I hear, there is to be \\"Nude scenes\\" and added scenes not from the book(WHY ARE YOU ADDING? you need to being tying up the s**t you left out!) in the 7th AND part 1 will \\"seem more realistic\\" MORE REALISTIC?! ARE YOU KIDDING?!! part 2 will be more \\"Operatic\\" WHAT THE?!?! so are they going to pull that November to July stunt again too?! I wouldnt doubt it!! I tell ya, after the HP saga is done, and the movies are out and I can complete my DVD collection, im done with the movie world! and Im done with MOVIE trends such as VCR 2 DVD 2 BLU-ray! Its a money making machine that I wash my hands of! I will watch ONLY my personal collection & old movies from now on, screw these new trends and the \\"I'll do what I want\\" attitude from the movie producers and home movie industry! Honestly the only reason I give these crooks my Harry Potter money is because I believe the story IS leged, and it sucks this moron got his slimey little mits on it. Going into this movie HP6, was like buying weed but getting a bag of oregano- Looks like weed but lacks the substance! I dont understand whats going on in David Yates' pea brain, but I see him taking this Flaming torch of a movie saga and dunking it in cold water.
B002GIBVWA|5.0|Each month free-spirited Sara Deever starts a new relationship. Her task is to take a month to make one man become a better person, and then she moves on. When November rolls around and Sara targets the busy tycoon, Nelson Moss, she does not plan on falling in love. But they do, and as a result, Nelson learns the painful secret behind the brevity of Sara's romances. This movie is extremely original and creative from start to finish. Keaunu Reeves and Charlize Theron have excellent chemistry and work extremely well together. I enjoyed this movie and I highly recommend it.
0689878451|1.0|My child picked this book out of the school library. The pictures and illustrations draw a child to it until you open the book and your 7 year old is reading about homosexual penguins. What a shock!?! It would have been helpful to have a not for under 7 warning on the book or some type of parental warning on it.
B00012QM8G|5.0|The true story of Austrian industrialist Oskar Schindler, who harbored Polish Jews during WWII by using them as workers in his factory. Schindler saved 1,100 Jews from certain death. This is a powerful movie. This movie will tug at your emotions all the way through. Steven Spielberg directed this with extreme great care and love. Liam Neeson, Ralph Fiennes and the whole cast were perfect. A must see for anyone who has not yet done so.
B00004VVND|5.0|WOOO if man could just perfect that technology it would really be a vacation getaway. An inspiring film    Robots serving us for enjoyment,   not putting people out of work or   making one man filthy rich
B001H5X7I4|5.0|A group of self-absorbed actors set out to make the most expensive war film. But after ballooning costs force the studio to cancel the movie, the frustrated director refuses to stop shooting, leading his cast into the jungles of Southeast Asia, where they encounter real bad guys. This movie is a knockout of a comedy that keeps you laughing and laughing constantly. Very, Very entertaining.
B000063UR1|5.0|absolutely a stupid, dumb story...I cant believe mankind would do such a stupid costly think  THIS is a great movie that needs to be rewritten,....Excellant extras on this dvd
B001C4CI8U|5.0|My mom loved the series and I've begun watching it too! The cover for the DVD set is very cool to look at. I'm very happy with this purchase.
B002SG8A56|5.0|Flight of the Conchords is a fantastically humorous tale of two dimwits from New Zealend who come to NYC to hit it big with their band.     Anyone who has watched HBO's Tenacious D will feel instantly at home with this show. However, this show is slightly different humor and the main characters seem to be the exact opposite of Jack Black. The show itself is better produced and higher quality, with more episodes and characters, it does a great job of crafting an interesting and fun universe for the viewer to grow comfortable with.     As with Tenacious D, the show is very music-based. Each episode has at least two songs w/ 'music videos' of varying catchy-ness and quality (but generally speaking, all are great). The music ranges from all genres but generally falls in the soft-rock category, even so, the show is definitely acting/comedy first and 'musical' second.     While the two dvd seasons are fantastic, the soundtrack is not complete (its actually their 'distant future' EP) and only has 5 tracks from the show. while it is a cool inclusion, but generally useless as a soundtrack itself and can be had for a couple dollars on other sites.    Personally, i love the show, however just want to warn everyone that this set, currently priced at 45, can be had cheaper if bought separately and was 20 on Black Friday Week of 2009.
0307408833|1.0|I was diagnosed gluten intolerant in 2003, and--as there were very few gluten free (GF) products available in supermarkets at that time--began my foray gluten-free baking immediately.  I was very excited when I learned about this cookbook given Babycakes reputation as a top-notch gluten-free bakery.<br /><br />All of the specialty flours, xanthan gum, and other ingredients required for gluten-free baking make it a tricky and expensive endeavor.  As a graduate student, I don't have the time or money to \\"experiment\\" with gluten-free recipes--hence my excitement when I discovered this cookbook.  I assumed that the author(s) of the cookbook would have done my experimenting for me (which is presumably what I am paying them for when I buy the cookbook); hence, if I follow the instructions, the products should turn out as expected.  Sadly, this is not the case.<br /><br />I have tried about half a dozen recipes from this cookbook, and only one of them has come out properly (the double chocolate chip cookies)--and even that was with my own substantial modification of the flour/liquid ratio in the recipe.  The banana bread was a mushy disaster, the lemon poppy cake was okay but didn't hold its shape, and the apple bread required nearly 3x the required baking time to set properly (but then tasted like it had been baked far beyond the ideal baking time).<br /><br />Like I said in the first paragraph, I have six years of experience in gluten free baking.  It's a bit tricky, sure, but when tried-and-true recipes are followed, homemade GF products (particularly quick breads, which are far simpler than yeast breads) turn out deliciously.  I get the feeling that these recipes were not truly tried and tested by the author(s), and it shows.<br /><br />I am going to be bringing this cookbook to my local Goodwill or library this week.  It is (so sadly!) *not* worth the money, time, or disenchantment.
1933771690|5.0|I was honored to have Dr. Robert Lanza as a guest on my show. He is simultaneously brilliant, soulful and articulate. He takes what I think of as a pretty challenging topic, namely how the universe works, and explains it; not bad for only 207 pages! He picks up where traditional thought has failed us and kicks some serious scientific butt! It's total brain candy!
B002T45VX6|5.0|This is the first Shakira album I love in a long time. The last one was Laundry Service. But this album has 12 awsome songs, not a single bad one. Every song will make you dance like an animal. Shakira provides a voice only she can handle and the right tunes to go with that amazing voice. If you don't buy this album, you'll be missing a lot.
B001N1DPDE|5.0|The BK-2 is a knife for the real heavy duty knife user. Solidly made out of carbon steel, not sissy stainless. Stainless steel looks pretty for women and kids, but it will not sharpen up or hold an edge as well as the carbon steel in this battle blade. The blade is 1/4\\" thick, very strong and full tang in the handle. You could use this knife to break-down an elk and then chop firewood with it and go shave your old lady's legs with it. No need for a razor or a hatchet when you have this bad boy.  If you're a Girl Scout this will be too much knife for you. Get a Buck or Gerber instead.
B000QUCNOK|4.0|... makes you do funny things. And not so funny things.<br /><br />What a wonderful surprise to find a work of art about the passions evoked by smell. I've long been a sucker for ladies with that beautiful sweet natural scent that's impossible for perfumes to imitate. It's the scent of love, energy, desire, sensuality. And I know it is real and so powerful you don't even need to see a girl to desire her.<br /><br />Our protagonist also falls in love with this scent, in fact thanks to his exceptionally good nose, he knows it better and feels it stronger than anybody else. But due to his unfortunate and isolated upbringing, is unaware of how one goes about experiencing this intoxicating pleasure. And experience it he does.<br /><br />Some say that the book this movie is based on is even better. I don't know, I only just found out there was a book. The movie is a masterpiece on its own. My only reservation is that the last 15 minutes with the mass hysteria didn't do justice to the rest of the film, therefore no full marks. 9 out of 10.
B00164CM46|5.0|*** THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE \\"BLU RAY\\" VERSION ***<br /><br />Watching \\"Snatch\\" again - but this time on BLU RAY - I'm left reeling - I really am. It's clever, it's ballsy and it's just so ludicrously entertaining. But most of all - it's easily the funniest film I've seen in years. I mean when you're not laughing out loud (for all the wrong reasons of course), you're sat there giggling like a fool most of the time.<br /><br />Writing wise too - \\"Snatch\\" is kicking like a mule, it's confident and beautifully constructed. It feels like a sort of updated modern-day Ealing Comedy - so good and so irresistibly English. I'm reminded a lot of the 1969 original of \\"The Italian Job\\" - another gem on BLU RAY (see review) that works its way into your heart and stays there. This is seriously impressive stuff - and especially as it was only Guy Ritchie's second movie.<br /><br />But the really great news for fans and newcomers alike is the PRINT; it's RESTORED - and for about 95% of the time it looks immaculate in every frame. Very occasionally there's some blurring, maybe a few lines, but that's just the rough and tumble way it was filmed I suspect - and those shots as I say are very, very few indeed. Most of the time, it's looks fantastic and the clean up also seems to have brought the film so much more to life...it's a real pleasure to watch.<br /><br />The extras are there too, which is great - and it's very reasonably priced.<br /><br />You also forget about the sheer size and quality of the cast - Benicio Del Toro as the mumbling gambler Frankie Four-Fingers - Alan Ford as the fantastically crass and violent Brick Top - Rade Shelbedgia as the unkillable Russian Boris The Blade - Vinnie Jones as the man hunter Bullet-Tooth Tony - Dennis Farina as the Jewish American Diamond broker Avi, Mike Reid as his English equivalent Doug The Head - the gormless trio of Post Office robbers, Lennie James, Robbie Gee and Ade - Stephen Graham as the hapless sidekick Tommy who thinks too much about dairy products and what they do to the digestive system - and of course, the movie's trump cards - the pairing of Jason Stratham as Turkish and Brad Pitt as Mickey the bare-knuckle Irish boxing champion. Great stuff. Throw in hip music, choppy editing, apt locations and a dictionary of slang to work out what everyone is saying - and it's as chipper as a bulldog who's just swallowed a squeaky toy...<br /><br />Having recently seen \\"Sherlock Holmes\\" at the cinema (and been seriously impressed too), I can feel the need for a Guy Ritchie spending purge coming on...<br /><br />\\"Snatch\\" on BLU RAY is brilliant fun - a winner to look at - and reasonably priced too.<br /><br />Way to go guys.  Recommended - big time.<br /><br />PS: see also my review for \\"Rock n Rolla\\" on BLU RAY...o to the digestive system - and of course, the movie's trump cards - the pairing of Jason Stratham as Turkish and Brad Pitt as Mickey the bare-knuckle Irish boxing champion. Great stuff. Throw in hip music, choppy editing, apt locations and a dictionary of slang to work out what everyone is saying - and it's as chipper as a bulldog who's just swallowed a squeaky toy...    Having recently seen \\"Sherlock Holmes\\" at the cinema (and been seriously impressed too), I can feel the need for a Guy Ritchie spending purge coming on...    \\"Snatch\\" on BLU RAY is brilliant fun - a winner to look at - and reasonably priced too.     Way to go guys.  Recommended - big time.    PS: see also my review for \\"Rock n Rolla\\" on BLU RAY...
B002VKE0XA|1.0|I won't go on about all the problems I had with this movie. Quite simply, nothing progressed throughout the \\"film.\\" The main characters were annoying, the editing made the film feel poorly paced, and quite frankly, I did not find a single aspect of this film enjoyable. People said that Paranormal Activity was fresh, but fresh is NOT always a good thing. This was one of those cases in my opinion. See it if you are interested in all the rave, but be wary that it isn't for everyone.
0060557818|4.0|This is the first book I have read by Gaiman. I wasn't really sure what to expect when I opened it. I had heard such great things about him but for some reason I still wasn't convinced he was going to fall short of my expectations.<br /><br />Boy was I ever surprised. I loved this book. The story was fantastic and the characters were lovable (even as I hated some). Door was adorable and I even loved bad Mr. Vandenmar. I was literally laughing out loud at almost everything Mr. Vandemar said...<br /><br />  \\"What,\\" asked Mr. Croup, \\"do you want?\\"<br />  \\"What,\\" asked the marquis de Carabas, a little more rhetorically, \\"does anyone want?\\"<br />  \\"Dead things,\\" suggested Mr. Vandemar. \\"Extra teeth.\\"<br />  -page 205<br /><br />Gaiman created a world that was exciting, captivating, and even frightening but he also gave me something to think about. He took reality and shifted it so I now see a story in the shadows. I want to go to London and read this book there. I want to read this book on the Underground. I can't wait to read more from Gaiman.
B000A2IPPK|1.0|Very disatisfied and disappointed with the Amazon concept as I never received my product ordered Dec 4th.
B0011UBDTK|2.0|My rating is in regards to HBO being stupid, I bought (July 2009) this as a x-mas gift for my girl friend and the 2nd to last DVD (Season 6; Part 2; Disc 2) was missing and in its place was (Season 6; Part 1; Disc 2) which my girl friend had previously just watched and of course complained about because apparently it had some important episodes being the last DVD.    So if you do buy this make sure it has all the correct DVD's when you get it.    Luckily, Amazon.com Customer Service is the best customer service and they are sending in a replacement.
0060594896|5.0|I love this book! It's a big book but I've read it twice already. I take something away every time. A definite winner for your book collection.
0307266303|5.0|I sincerely enjoyed reading this book. The way that the history and science are blended in with this amazing story drew me in and held my interest to the same degree a good fictional story does. I honestly was sad when I reached the end of the book. I would have continued reading if it were 100 more pages! The book has inspired me to look into myself and do what I was born to do...run :-)
0671646788|5.0|I've read this book twice and always come away with something I haven't read in other LOA books. This is a precursor to LOA and recommend it for those wondering what LOA is all about.
B002RKSZS0|5.0|This is more a review of the free Kindle version of this book than of the book itself. It's Jane, so it's a good book. It's one from her earlier years when she was still using a much more exagerrated view of society, so it can be a bit silly, but I still enjoyed it. I read it years ago and had forgotten most of it.<br /><br />The formatting for this Kindle version was just great. It's not in Courier, probably Georgia or another similar font. Quite readable and I had no problems at all with it.<br /><br />Kudos to Amazon for making these free versions of the classics available to all. No reason to pay for classics that are out of copyright just to get a graphic cover. Who sees your Kindle covers? :D
B00127RAJY|5.0|This is one of my favorite videos.  I feel like I get a good workout in the 20 minute workout.  You feel sore the next day.  My kids enjoy doing this with me.  My only complaint is that she says \\"ass\\" and I don't approve of my kids using that word.  I can't say as I have lost any weight but I am stronger and more toned than before doing this video.  It has 3 levels to work through so once you get good at one you move up to a harder level. If you want a good workout and don't have a lot of time to do it, this would be a great one to do.
B000AP2ZDK|3.0|This album was good.  I would have liked if there were full length instrumentals on here but whatever.  Some of the beats on here are pretty dope,  Some of the best ones are the shortest.  If you are looking to complete your Dilla collection or just love beats then get it.
1572816295|5.0|I looked through over 100 decks, and this was my fav. The cards are extreamly detailed and just nice to look at. Some are bright & happy, but others are a little darker, which I like. Probably not the best choice for a man. The instruction book was a little  skimpy, but like I said, I bought the deck for the cards, so I'm very happy with them.
B0026P3G12|4.0|I enjoy her singing, and I hope she finds and marries her true love.I hope her increased finances are handled well. Bill
B002NPUCRQ|1.0|I had purchased the Taylor Swift re-release of her first album thankfully without first purchasing the original. Not realizing Taylor Swift was going to make a habit of re-releasing her albums with a few extra tracks and a dvd, I purchased the first release of Fearless.  Needless to say, I will not be buying another Taylor Swift cd until I am guaranteed that it will not be re-released with a few extra tracks. In this economy, it's a shame that you are expected to purchase the same songs twice in order to get the few new ones and a couple extra dvd features. This type of habit by artists really encourages the illegal sharing of music. Taylor, if you want the compensation you deserve for creating wonderful songs, please stop the re-releasing habit.
B001EN71DG|4.0|What cheap packaging! The box came creased and crinkled just from shipping. Though the packaging doesn't really bother me, some sort of effort to make it nicer and stronger would be nice. I enjoyed seeing the original cuts and the fact he didnt clean it up doesnt bother me.
B002PN3J9E|5.0|I'm stunned. This is the most important book I've ever read. For anyone who has a child, who teaches, who coaches . . . or  who wants to learn a new skill, GET THIS BOOK!    The audio version is well read and engaging.
B0006N2EZ0|5.0|The movie is entertaining any time you watch it. The cast is brilliant.I believe will stand in time next to Casablanca.
0385504225|1.0|This book was a complete let down not worth the time reading it. The story of Malakh was predictable. Some of the symbols were just forced. If you skipped a chapter and read the next you would not miss anything. The reference to history and symbols were not well connected like those in Da Vinci Code. Overall dont bother reading it instead go read Da Vinci code again.
B001GQSY5K|5.0|I bought this for my 7 year old grandson for Christmas and he loved it.  He's a Star Wars fan and really wanted this DVD.  Great gift.
B001993Y2C|5.0|Whether or not you are a SCI-FI fan, Battlestar Galactica is a riveting, non-stop action-drama that will keep you on the edge of your seat.  This series not only includes an excellent storyline and CGI/special effects, but also explores the full range of emotions and hardships associated with the human condition.  I guarantee that you will find it hard not to relate to the characters of this series and put yourself in their shoes.
B001AVCFJM|5.0|Good price and service, bought as a Christmas gift and know it will be appreciated.
044656740X|5.0|Robert tells an amazing story of himself growing up with the guidance of his best friends father. He walks a fine line of valuable lessons in money. What to do and what not to do. His lessons make him rich beyond his wildest imagination and then turn him poor because he didn't follow the advice of his second Dad. He then rebuilds from the bottom and learns his lesson for good as he takes you through the life of being poor, and rich, and poor again and than rich again. He learns what the rich teach their young and the poor don't understand.  When he finally learned this lesson he went on to become one of the richest men in the world. He teaches in a very simple and easy to understand way that draws you in and keeps you interested. I've read almost all his books and you should too, but this was the first and starts to tell his story from the beginning. He breaks everybody into four groups and helps you build from there. Which group are you in?
0439023483|2.0|I was excited to read Hunger Games because the plot was intriguing. North America is split into fenced off districts with little food and a large number of people dying of hunger. Outside the districts there are supposed to be dangerous creatures. They were mentioned off and on and never really explained. I'm assuming they are genetic hybrids/mutations of animals. Each year the government selects one boy and one girl from each of the 12 districts and sends them to the wilderness to kill each other. The survivor's district gets a little more food for the next year. I enjoyed learning about all of this in part one of the book, I enjoyed the preparations for the games, and watching Katniss fend for herself in part two of the book. Unfortunately, around part three things get stale. Katniss spends most of her time sitting around thinking, not really in any danger. Her companion from district 12 is whiny and a bit irritating, but I don't blame him for what happens in the end (no spoilers). It's hard to really like Katniss, she is scrappy and tough, which is commendable and understandable, but I never got much more than that out of her. She can be petty and immature, as is expected from someone her age, but again I don't see more than that. She lacks a bit of depth. The romance is pretty bad and the ending was abrupt, but predictable. Truthfully, we expect the main character to win the games. How could this be a first person series if she didn't? I guess I expected more than a Man Vs. Wild episode, but that's what this book felt like. I was bored various times, and didn't enjoy the ending of the novel at all. Hunger Games didn't live up to all the hype for me.
1932100385|5.0|This book is so enlightening! I have really enjoyed all of the information. The scientific evidence is well written and explained. As a person interested in science, I appreciated the depth of the information and his explanations on the studies he has done, and the ones he highlights. Truly, this book has changed my way of thinking. Coming into it, I was already a strict vegetarian, and this book solidifies why the vegan lifestyle is the best possible choice from a health perspective. It is not preachy, it simply lays out the health implications of the SAD (Standard American Diet) and allows the reader to draw conclusions as well.
B001FB562U|5.0|I was wary of both reading the book and seeing the movie, as I am not a person who enjoys post-apocalyptic stories. They freak me out. I had heard so many good things about the book, I decided to give it a try and was hugely rewarded. It was one of the most beautifully written books I've ever read - poetic, Biblical and essential. I think the movie can be described in much the same way. At its core, it is a love story about a father and son, and it is about choosing kindness. So many people have complained that the book and movie do not explain what causes the death of the earth - but they are totally missing the point. The setting is empty, sparse and threatening to highlight what is most important even after everything is gone. It describes the eternal bond of love and dedication this father and son have for each other. Their journey through a destroyed landscape is defined by their commitment to each other and by the challenge of \\"being the good guys\\". Whereas the father is sometimes pulled off course in his insistence in protecting his son, the boy insists on an almost ideal devotion to kindness and generosity.   Viggo Mortensen's performance as the father is transcendent. This role is unlike anything he's done before, and his ability to communicate such raw emotions is just breathtaking. His eyes radiate absolute desperation, grief, determination and paternal love. If he is not considered for an Oscar, it's because the voters didn't see the movie! Kodi Smit-McPhee as the boy was also stunning. Robert Duvall added enormous weight to his brief scene.
B001P1FZDK|1.0|The sound of a wierd dream where nothing makes sense. It's the real Lucy. Chaotic dribble from the corner of the mouth of a passed out street drunk.
B001UREJWM|3.0|As we all know this is really the return of Black Sabbath MKIII with a new album.  Released after much publicity and to the great expectations of legions of fans of this legendary band, The Devil You Know promised much.  But does it actually deliver?  Unfortunately no, it doesn't.<br />Comparing Heaven & Hell to other incarnations of Black Sabbath is probably a bit unfair as everyone has their own opinion as to who they prefer as vocalist and which are their classic albums.  But although there are some great moments on this album, this is no Heaven And Hell or Mob Rules.  In fact it's far from it.  Some might argue that we have no right to expect an album the likes of those classics and that's fair enough, but with the abilities of these musicians it just seems a bit below par.  Although a better album than the last Dio era album Dehumanizer, with the passage of time this album will not be remembered as one of their best either.<br />I like (and expect) albums to kick off with a bang, but the opener Atom And Evil is a plodder that sets the tone of things to come.  Despite some dark, heavy and cool riffs, the rest of the album hardly ever gets out of second gear.  The best tracks are from three to five:  Bible Black, Double The Pain, Rock And Roll Angel.  With these tracks we get some of the stuff that we love about Black Sabbath, atmosphere, subtlety mixed with raw power, something to bang your head to, and some stylistic variety that is so lacking on the rest of the album.  I just wish there were more like this!<br />Eating the Cannibals has a faster tempo but is still really an average song, and that is what drags this album down; it consists mostly of average songs.  As far as musicianship, vocals, production and packaging go it's great (especially if like me, you have the bonus dvd version), but the album suffers from a lack of enough songs to grab you in the first place, let alone keep you interested.  The best of the rest are probably Fear and the closer Breaking Into Heaven, but even this song plods along for almost seven minutes with about a minute in the middle at a very welcome quicker tempo.<br />I actually wonder how much input Iommi or Butler had in the song writing department, because to me it sounds (and suffers) very much like the last couple of Dio albums.  There is nothing here to grab new fans but there's also very little to satisfy old (or is it older?) ones either.  Although these guys are starting to get up there in the age stakes they can still rock, but sadly this album is in need of some Viagra.aven, but even this song plods along for almost seven minutes with about a minute in the middle at a very welcome quicker tempo.  I actually wonder how much input Iommi or Butler had in the song writing department, because to me it sounds (and suffers) very much like the last couple of Dio albums.  There is nothing here to grab new fans but there's also very little to satisfy old (or is it older?) ones either.  Although these guys are starting to get up there in the age stakes they can still rock, but sadly this album is in need of some Viagra.
B0026P3G12|4.0|I bought this for my husband for Christmas, but we have both enjoyed it. I like the variety of songs, and Susan's clear voice does not disappoint! My only disappointment was that the song \\"How Great Thou Art\\" does not have the verses, but just the chorus repeated several times.
0143038419|5.0|My wife was given this book by her mother, and I found myself sneaking it and reading it because the story was so compelling.  It is well written and insightful!
B00288KNL8|4.0|My daughter loved it, the movie was a christmas present, she love tim burton, quality was good thanks
B002WY65W4|2.0|Honestly, I would rate this movie a 1 star, if it weren't for the great cast they got for this movie. I also love the feel of ANY zombie movie, so the luster of a zombie movie gives it 2 stars alone. Past that, this movie to me was very sour, boring, and honestly I didn't feel the need to actually laugh out loud. So I agree with what a lot of the lower reviews are saying, and I believe it is true from our point of view. I loved Dead-Alive, and I also really like Shaun of the Dead. I thought it was just SO cheesy, and had something missing that really could have kept this movie going.<br /><br />I guess a sense of humor is only good for each person, and I think a lot of people will feel kind of lost when it comes to story. There is virtually none at all. Few people left in the world, Kill zombies, Drive, Rinse, Repeat. They want to go for a ride on some rides in an amusement park and get stuck. It's up to their friend to save them at the last second from the bloodthirsty zombies. It is very Cliche, and like most other 2 star reviews said, boring and it has been done before. Now this movie did had some funny jokes in the beginning like others have said, very few scattered throughout the rest of the movie. The editing was very well done, and the CGI I can say was decent too. It has that \\"goofy zombie\\" feel to the way they made it, and I think they hit it right on the dot of what they were going for. Now if there was just SOME storyline....<br /><br />Overall after my theater experience I don't understand where the \\"luster\\" for this movie comes from. I like woody, and I like zombies. I freaking LOVE horror movies, and comedy movies, but this mash up just didn't sit well with me and I think maybe this review will be helpful to some people out there that are pondering on buying this or renting it. I would suggest a rent first, then buy if this movie is for you for sure.
B00110K62U|4.0|My dad and I absolutely love Les Miserables!!! It has been years since we have been able to go to another live production, but this was a great gift this past Christmas! I was very nervous ordering the video considering there were many mixed reviews on the the production of this film. However, we enjoyed ourselves very much and if you have anything negative to say about this film you are just very picky! If you love the music as much as we do this product is worth the money! Hope you enjoy!
1594488916|4.0|In a kind of historical, biographical narrative, the author and journalist Allison Hoover Bartlett chronicles the life of professional book thief John Gilkey. Gilkey's farcical yet at times ingenious thievery is examined pragmatically as well as philosophically as his startling tainted world view and reprehensible behavior is demonstrated.     On virtually every page of this thrilling factual story is a new technique and rationalization of the profession of book stealing. Blended into these events, is a peripheral examination of the rare book world, book collecting, and the obsession that causes people to dive in and never come up for air. A strange by-product of this book is the growing suspicion of the failure of a judicial system that cannot seem to keep a professional thief behind bars.     John Gilkey, a man with a fantasy and skewed pathology of right and wrong, desires recognition and attention for having a book collection and being seen as a rare book collector. Intelligent, scheming, manipulative, and courageous, Gilkey manages to procure thousands of dollars of books and other collectibles without paying money for his collections. His ubiquitous thievery is known and he is inevitably caught, only to get out of prison and return to his hobby--stealing books.     The author does an outstanding job of seeing all sides of the mystery of John Gilkey, leaving interpretation of his motivation to the reader. Furthermore, cautions and reminders to other book collectors reside in the pages to watch out for thieves and to avoid the obsession that book collecting can cause. Not unlike an addiction, seeking for rare books is an infinite goal that can be a fever without dissipation.     Excellent writing, accurate descriptions, and creative interjections make this book a page turning thriller that is hard to put down. As a part-time book collector myself, I was both enthralled and disgusted with the events presented throughout the story of John Gilkey. Having spent sometime in Sanders Rare Books in Salt Lake City, I was pleased to read about Ken Sanders himself and his relentless pursuit of the infamous book thief John Gilkey.     Although a little disturbing at times (can our judicial system work?) and maybe a little slanted against the obsession of rare book collecting, The Man Who Loved Books Too Much is an entertaining read guaranteed to leave the reader swimming in emotion as the events unfold. Certainly entertaining and informative, it is highly recommended for those who love books and are curious as to the motivations of criminal behavior.
B00192IV0O|5.0|This CD rocks,the music makes u want 2 get up an bounce around,this cd produces lots of energy an is a smart buy.
B00003CXB6|2.0|I was a huge fan of the first JURASSIC PARK book.  Michael Crichton said he spent 20 years thinking of his \\"dinosaur story\\" and the novel runs like a well-oiled machine.  My disappointment in the film version is due to the \\"cutesy\\" florishes of the filmmakers, mostly involving the kids and Laura Dern pressuring Sam Neill into having a family.  Distracting.  The main point of the story is DON'T GET EATEN but yet we have to suffer through Sam Neill getting in touch with his paternal instincts with those darn adorable kids.  I wished they'd stuck closer to the novel.<br /><br />Crichton spent 20 years on JURASSIC PARK.  The novel's sequel, THE LOST WORLD, reads like he spent 20 minutes on it.  Read rushed.  Didn't like it.<br /><br />Then they make the movie version.  Fortunately, most of the novel is jettisoned but it still doesn't make for a whole lot of improvement.  In fact, what's memorable are the head-scratching choices that don't make much sense.  The casting for Jeff Goldblum's daughter?  I remember watching the movie and thinking, \\"Oh, that's right...Spielberg has adopted at least one African-American kid, so THAT'S why.\\"  It's never addressed or explained so it ends up being distracting.  I was more curious about that than the trip to the second dinosaur island.  That they were able to work in her gymnastics talent was hokey and unbelievable.<br /><br />The other big head-scratcher: who killed the crew on the ship that deposits a T-Rex on the streets of San Diego?<br /><br />People might complain that I'm being too picky.  I don't think so.  I demand more from movies.  If I'm getting knocked out of the story from unbelievable plotting, unexplained casting choices, and just downright sloppy movie-making, I don't believe that's my fault.<br /><br />The special effects have certainly become more sophisticated.  So should the writing.
0316166685|1.0|I decided to read this book before going to see the movie. Boy was I in for a dull ride. I had read the reviews for this novel and even heard praises from my boss about it so I foolishly gave it a chance.<br /><br />This book was as plotless and as slow as a book comes. We're introduced to Mr. Harvey who rapes and murders Suzie Salmon, the narrator from Heaven. Here I am thinking, \\"Oh cool... a murder mystery from beyond the grave\\", yet as I read on and on and on and on I realized that no one made any effort to catch Suzie's killer, not even the police, even though the family and friends knew it was Mr. Harvey all along. He gets away with murdering her and is killed by a falling icicle in the end. How lame is that? In fact the story had nothing to do with the murder or apprehension of the murderer. In hindsight, the story didnt focus on anything specific at all. It was a jumbled mess of random moments spanning a ten year period that didnt connect or have anything to do with anything. There was no storyline, no plot.<br /><br />Also, it would have been fun to see Suzie do something otherworldly: make contact with the living, cause something to move by itself, aid in her own murder through death, yet she did nothing of interest, just watched her family live over a period of years. Reading this book was like reading someones journal chronocaling there every move, breath, and word throughout the week. It literally pissed me off reading it. The further I got into the book, the more I wondered how Alice Sebold got to her current position of fame, lacking the skill to put anything worthwhile between the covers of \\"The Lovely Bones\\", other than worthless filler.
B00003CXXS|3.0|One of the things that drove me up the wall about JURASSIC PARK III was the script's insistence that families--no matter how selfish, stupid and ill-equipped they may be--will always survive.  And because of that dogma, the script loses me and the dinosaurs are not a threat at all.<br /><br />I could accept the son surviving 8 weeks on the Site B island...but the parents were just useless.  If anyone should've been eaten by the big dinosaurs, it was the obnoxious mother yelling her son's name all over an island crawling with prehistoric predators (shouting with a bullhorn at one point!).  Does she get killed?  Not a chance!  The heavily-armed mercenaries get it one by one...but not the loud mother crashing through the brush.  You just know that no harm will ever come to certain characters in this movie...so the dinosaurs don't become a threat after the last mercenary is killed and eaten.<br /><br />Everything is perfunctory.  And harmless.<br /><br />If they're going to bother to continue this series...please...let dinosaurs be dinosaurs.
0330485385|1.0|I decided to read this book before going to see the movie. Boy was I in for a dull ride. I had read the reviews for this novel and even heard praises from my boss about it so I foolishly gave it a chance.<br /><br />This book was as plotless and as slow as a book comes. We're introduced to Mr. Harvey who rapes and murders Suzie Salmon, the narrator from Heaven. Here I am thinking, \\"Oh cool... a murder mystery from beyond the grave\\", yet as I read on and on and on and on I realized that no one made any effort to catch Suzie's killer, not even the police, even though the family and friends knew it was Mr. Harvey all along. He gets away with murdering her and is killed by a falling icicle in the end. How lame is that? In fact the story had nothing to do with the murder or apprehension of the murderer. In hindsight, the story didnt focus on anything specific at all. It was a jumbled mess of random moments spanning a ten year period that didnt connect or have anything to do with anything. There was no storyline, no plot.<br /><br />Also, it would have been fun to see Suzie do something otherworldly: make contact with the living, cause something to move by itself, aid in her own murder through death, yet she did nothing of interest, just watched her family live over a period of years. Reading this book was like reading someones journal chronocaling there every move, breath, and word throughout the week. It literally pissed me off reading it. The further I got into the book, the more I wondered how Alice Sebold got to her current position of fame, lacking the skill to put anything worthwhile between the covers of \\"The Lovely Bones\\", other than worthless filler.
B002SJIO5E|1.0|this movie is a waist of time.. i think they put Peter Jacksons name on it so they could sell it..the first half is like a documentary with  horrid low budget actors.. the aliens who live in the \\"shanty\\" town are silly... they have elements of ghetto thugs but trying to be cute about it.. then the main character who completely unbelievable becomes half alien and fight the humans.. who are imprisoning the aliens for 2 decades blah blah.. its a steaming pile of crap... save your money and rent it at a red box thing for a dollar.. the only thing good was the last 15 minutes or so.. the action/killing scenes are kinda cool.. just not worth buying to own.. trust me im sorry i did
0316001821|1.0|I decided to read this book before going to see the movie. Boy was I in for a dull ride. I had read the reviews for this novel and even heard praises from my boss about it so I foolishly gave it a chance.<br /><br />This book was as plotless and as slow as a book comes. We're introduced to Mr. Harvey who rapes and murders Suzie Salmon, the narrator from Heaven. Here I am thinking, \\"Oh cool... a murder mystery from beyond the grave\\", yet as I read on and on and on and on I realized that no one made any effort to catch Suzie's killer, not even the police, even though the family and friends knew it was Mr. Harvey all along. He gets away with murdering her and is killed by a falling icicle in the end. How lame is that? In fact the story had nothing to do with the murder or apprehension of the murderer. In hindsight, the story didnt focus on anything specific at all. It was a jumbled mess of random moments spanning a ten year period that didnt connect or have anything to do with anything. There was no storyline, no plot.<br /><br />Also, it would have been fun to see Suzie do something otherworldly: make contact with the living, cause something to move by itself, aid in her own murder through death, yet she did nothing of interest, just watched her family live over a period of years. Reading this book was like reading someones journal chronocaling there every move, breath, and word throughout the week. It literally pissed me off reading it. The further I got into the book, the more I wondered how Alice Sebold got to her current position of fame, lacking the skill to put anything worthwhile between the covers of \\"The Lovely Bones\\", other than worthless filler.
1405501901|4.0|The Thorn Birds is one of my favorite books; I own a paper copy, DVD (TV mini series), and sound track. I searched for the audiobook for a long, long time.    This audiobook (abridged, 5CDs, 6HRs, read by Greta Scacchi) covered all major events in the book, and I like the way Greta presented it. She did a excellent job.    But as a fan of The Thorn Birds, this abridged version is not good enough. I'd like to have an unabridged one someday.    Also, please put more product details, such as abridged/unabridged, # of CDs, and # of hours.
B001ACH4DS|5.0|I received this CD pretty fast.  The service was great.  I absolutely love this CD.  I would recommend it.
B0029O08WA|1.0|My CD never arrive to my house!! Amazon!!! What are we going to do!!?<br />I just lost 20 dollars!? OMG!!<br />That's so unfair!! i want my soundtrack!!!
B0029O08WA|5.0|just great music, great songs. my daughter listens to it every day (uploaded on her i-pod) and i have it in my car !
B0019LY5IM|5.0|I love the 'Lost' series.  I have seen every episode of every season and can't wait for the new season to start this year.  The ending of Season 5 was an awesome cliffhanger that blew me away.  I'm sad that next season is the last.  Season 5 had many layers to its plot but the main one was that they went back to the island.  Throughout the different episodes the action switched back and forth through time and made the whole show that much better.  It was a little difficult to keep up with at times but that was just part of the drama.  I highly recommend this season of 'Lost'.      For those who have never seen 'Lost' it a lot more understandable if you watch the seasons in order.  You can buy them here on Amazon.com new or used.
B002UNMWAG|5.0|I'll get right to the point here, because I know that if you're actually looking at this movie, you obviously saw the first one, and if you're reading the reviews, then you probably didn't make it to one of the 10 theaters the second one came out in. So is it as good as the first one? Yes. I will elaborate on the things that stood out for me. First, it is lower budget than the original. This is noticable immediately by the way the cinematography looks like a made for T.V. film. It's good cinematography mind you, beautiful shots, amazing direction, but you can just tell it's a cheap camera or something by the way it looks when the camera moves. It doesn't look like you're seeing a change of scenery, it looks like a camera pan on the set of a TV soap opera. This isn't as apparent as the action picks up, but right away you can tell it's low budget, and that's saying a lot compared to the first one. Other than that, everything lives up to the original, or surpasses it. It looks like all of the actors are having a lot of fun making the film, as you get a genuine sense that they are enjoying themselves every second of the movie. It's funny, it's action packed, and it's a great continuation of the original. If you didn't get a chance to see it in theaters definitely get this as soon as it comes out. I was lucky enough to see it in theaters, and I will be pre-ordering it as I can not wait to see it again. GREAT MOVIE. Thank you to everyone who decided it would be a good idea to film a sequel to The Boondock Saints. This is more than I ever expected to get.
0739476335|5.0|This book is amazing, you won't be disappointed! If you liked the Notebook, you'll like this! I love Nicholas Sparks books, he knows how to write a perfect love story. I'm excited for the movie to come out, it looks really good, I hope its as good as the book.
B002MBAJ4M|5.0|Being an Allman Brothers fan, Gov't Mule are a band I have been curious about for years, but have never gotten around to picking up any of their stuff.  After reading several positive reviews of this album, I decided to give it a shot.  I am very glad that I did, as \\"By A Thread\\" has become one of my favorite releases of 2009.  The band mix traditional blues, with a modern jam band sensibility and a touch of reggae to meld a groove that is irresistible.  Along with the tight music, lyrically all of the songs are strong as well.  Warren Haynes guitar leads the charge, with the rest of the band providing scorching accompaniment.  I like every track on the disc especially \\"Railroad Boy\\", \\"Any Open Window\\", and the jamming \\"Inside Outside Woman Blues #3\\".   I am definitely going to check out more of this band's catalogue in the future.
B002FE5XVK|5.0|I was a casual Talking Heads fan untill I saw this video. Seeing them in concert makes all the difference. Two thumbs up.
B0031RS64G|5.0|if u like to read, then this is a must. since i biught my kindle i haven't enjoyed reading more and this book when i got it, couldn't put it down. i got so involved with the story that i forgot about the length of it.
1416594787|5.0|Another great book by Richard Dawkins! He shows that we have so much evidence for evolution, that evolution is the by far best theory we have. Darwin's theory has now survived for over 150 years, and even with advanced scientific tools we haven't been able to disprove it. Dawkins shows in this book that the new scientific tools have just made the theory of evolution more likely. I was already familiar with most of the evidence presented in this book, like C-14-dating(I should be familiar with this, as I have taken a few courses in physics) and the fossil records, but there was also some new information, like the use of dead trees to date things that are thousands of years old (with a very small error).    So I have to say it again, this is another great book by Richard Dawkins. It is clearly a 5-star book, and I will highly recommend it, but there is another book by the same author that is even better: \\"The Selfish Gene\\".
B002BSHWUU|5.0|The Beatles Stereo Box Set es un regalo perfecto para cualquier fan&aacute;tico de The Beatles. Recomiendo su compra incluso para aquellos no tan cercanos a la beatleman&iacute;a.
0738702994|1.0|The cards are ridiculously large, in fact over a third of it is the border.  I ended up trimming mine just to have the picture (since the pic is almost exactly the same as RWS), and now it's a mini deck.  If you leave the cards as-is, then you'll have a hard time shuffling unless you have Chewbacca sized hands.<br /><br />In addition the book reverses the meaning of swords/wands, so that wands are air and swords are fire.  Yet the pictures are the same as Rider-Waite-Smith, which confuses the meaning even more.  Keywords and descriptions are exactly the same as RWS as well, but they've tossed in long tales of other characters for the majors.<br /><br />Overall it's a mini deck of slightly altered RWS images waiting to happen.  For an expensive price ($18 vs $10 for a standard mini deck).
B001GCUO4S|1.0|Positive:  A few seconds of Terminator type x-ray views of skeletons.  Negatives:  (1.) Poor CG mutilation effects such as when a compressed air container goes through someone the CG hole is so fake it's laughable.   (2.) No (not just poor, but NO) acting as one could reasonably define the idea.   (3.) Desperate for money producers are retelling the same story over and over and over and over again.   (4.) For those who haven't seen the previous retellings of the \\"foresee catastrophes and try to stop them before they stop you\\" storyline - yawn - there were so many holes in the story that any audience not familiar would be so lost they couldn't even escape from a large paper bag or some similar metaphor. Even if you have seen this storyline before you would find this movie so jumbled (aka edited) in order to create cheap effects that really all they created was confusion.   (5.) A little little bit of fake sex to attract some demographic.
B002G1YPH0|2.0|The way they have you install the base on the mobo is not good.  The socket doesn't clear the plate.  The clips for the fan took me forever to figure out.  Go to the website and watch their video.
0810979772|4.0|My son loves these books, and if it gets him reading it's a good thing!!!
B002MEW7YY|3.0|This is a pretty good performance of the opera. The first Met version had Netrebko with Villazon. The latter had a very very bad night and soon afterward retired temporarily from singing. So the Met found a new tenor, really quite good, to match Netrebko. She is not the finest Lucia ever since her coloratura abilities are not of the first order, but she is good looking and sings very well in general. So I'd give this version a B+ rating.
B0001CCXZW|5.0|Shipped immediately, but I didn't realize the store was in Canada, so it took a bit longer than expected. Got it in time for Christmas in perfect condition.
B0027BOL4G|5.0|This is one of the best films I have seen.  Incredibly eye opening.  What the USDA is doing is falling asleep at the wheel. And people are getting sick and for one young child featured, died from ecoli from eating a hamburger.   Heartbreaking.  We need to eat more organic and clue in to what is really going on in or food systems and whats really going on.  Trust me, this will open your eyes.  Unsettling, yes, a bit, but necessary.
B001TH8UUA|5.0|I purchased this cable to transfer what is showing on my laptop screen onto my TV screen. It works really great. I did have a few problems with the audio playback. I right clicked on my volume symbol in the bottom right hand corner of my computer screen and hit the playback device, enabled it and I have had no problems since. You must have the HDMI cable plugged into the laptop beforehand.
1439102813|5.0|A friend gave me this book to read because my mother, who has Alzeheimers, lives with me and my friend thought it would be helpful for me.  This book was a gift to my weary and questioning spirit.  Very insightful even though the characters are fictional.  I have a whole new understanding and compassion for my mother after reading this book.  I feel it is a \\"must read\\" for anyone who has a loved one who has been diagnosed with this horrible disease.  It aided me in seeing things through my mother's eyes rather than just my view from the \\"outside\\". Lisa has given all of us on the \\"outside\\" a glimpse into the lives of those stuggling with their \\"new reality\\".  Thank you Lisa!
B002MQYOFW|5.0|a great tale in which katniss must fight her way to victory to win the hunger games... a televised event for the entertainment of the capitol,a ruthless gov ernment controlling a region once known as norht america. katniss must do terri le things in these games to win back her freedom. an amzing story.
031606792X|1.0|I hate to be redundant here, but my God, was this book disappointing! As of this writing, I've only completed two thirds of the book, and really have no desire to finish. Very sad, as I am a HUGE fan of the Twilight saga and adored the first three books.    As others have said, this book does not feel like it was written by the same person that wrote the other three. The characters act differently, speak differently, and the whole tone of this book is very unlike the others. Who are Jazz, Rose and Em?!? Suddenly, in book four, everyone has nicknames???    I could go on and on with what's wrong with this book, but I will try to narrow it down to a few.    Honeymoon-Come on! I've read racier stuff in the phone book. Give us a little something after waiting all this time for the relationship to be consummated.    Pregnancy-Horrific and just plain weird. Renesmee and the whole imprinting thing with Jacob is one of the major reasons I didn't like this book. Good luck incorporating that into a movie.     Charlie-I'm sorry, but when did Charlie become a Stepford wife? The \\"Twilight\\" Charlie would have been on the Cullens doorstep with a warrant, demanding to know where his daughter was and would NEVER \\"not want to know\\". This part of the storyline was just not believable at all. Charlie would never behave in such a way. What was SM thinking?!?    Edward & Bella-I barely recognized them in this book and that's the saddest part because they're the reason I fell in love with Twilight in the first place....    Now I must go back and read Twilight and forget all about this book. Shame.
B000LZI29U|5.0|Side One<br />1. Waiting<br />2. Woman in Love (It's Not Me)<br />3. Nightwatchman<br />4. Something Big<br />5. Kings Road<br />Side Two<br />6. Letting You Go<br />7. Thing About You<br />8. Insider<br />9. Criminal Kind<br />10. You Can Still Change Your Mind
B001CTDH76|5.0|This show is a pleasure to watch every week.  The plots are always enticing and never formulaic.  The cast is quite talented - especially Simon Baker.
B000002UUX|5.0|This album transcends metal and rock.  These \\"genres\\" that people apply to music are just a way of explaining why their music is inferior.  Music is music, and garbage is garbage.     That said, this album has all the trappings of rock, that is, electric guitars and drums, but these are a means to creating music, and Mustaine achieves that end.  This review is about a man, and the musical pieces that he produced.    So whether you like \\"metal\\" or \\"rock\\" has no bearing on whether or not you'll like this album because this is MUSIC.
B001KVZ6FW|5.0|This video was sent to my grandson who is 6 years old, but his mother said she enjoyed it tremendously.  She said it is a wonderful movie for kids and grownups also.      I am always happy with itens that I have ordered from Amazon and I don't look any further than that for a great gift, easy order, easy ship and easy receipt of same....  Thanks
0393316041|5.0|I was waiting for a friend in his lab when I picked up \\"The Pleasure of Finding Things Out\\" lying on his desk.I was hooked to the curious description of the physicist and having read Paul Erdo's biography \\"The man who loved only numbers\\" I could tell that reading about Richard Feynman would be equally delectable.The next day I borrowed Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman! from the library.<br /><br />This is a story about a quirky, pompous physicist who devised innovative ways to impede the ants from getting to his jam bottle, picked up combination of locks to overcome boredom,made frog noises at the Nobel-Prize ceremony,played drums in a Brazilian carnival, painted under the pseudonym Ofey and received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1965.<br /><br />The book is arranged as a series of incidents,  each a chapter.The initial chapters are a glimpse into the prodigy's life and talk about his love for repairing radios and his experiments in the kitchen.I was mesmerized by his inquisitive mind and his ability to transform every single idea into science.<br /><br />There are many parts in the book where Dr. Feynman come's  across as  pompous, which was beginning to trouble me  because I thought I was in for some grandiloquent scientific jargon.Surprisingly most of the experiments have uncomplicated accounts. It  was not until the end that I  realized;  everything he said and did was a deliberate attempt to instill his belief that  the essence of the experiment is not just trying to achieve the results but doing so without mimicking the cargo cult science<br /><br />I take the liberty of quoting the last paragraph from the concluding chapter.<br />\\"So I have just one wish for you - the good luck to be somewhere  where you are free to maintain the kind of integrity I have described, and where you do not feel forced by a need to maintain your position in the organization, or financial support, or so on, to lose your integrity.May you have that freedom\\" - Dr. Richard Feynman
B000I0QM0E|5.0|Johnny Depp's version of this classic tale is only enhanced by Blu-Ray technology.  It is a Halloween must have but will watch it through out the year.
B00275EGWY|4.0|The Hurt Locker is about the fog of war. The modern fog of war, with explosives, insurgants, cell phone detinators, where a servicepersons death can lay in the next trash pile, in the next pale blue Honda Civic. Any object we see every day.<br /><br />The story is about a bomb squad in Iraq, and you see them in constant danger under such circumstances. The acting is terrific. The story does not have a traditional arc, but that is really not what Hurt Locker is about. It is about the constant danger, over there.<br /><br />A lot of reviewers here who were there say this was not how it is. I am in no position to argue with them. But for a basic idea of how deadly the Iraq war can be--and for that matter any insurgent war we are now involved in--this is the movie to watch.<br /><br />Policy differances don't matter. For the Iraq war or opposed, we should all as Americans see this film
B00127RAJY|5.0|I am a 31 year old mom of 3 and I just started working out again now that my baby is almost 3 years old!  Out of shape, to say the least haha!  The first time I did this video, I could not make it through the whole thing, needing to stop several times.  But after 3 work outs or so, I could already notice a difference!!!  I've been using this work out for about 3 weeks, 3 times a week now and I am completely addicted to the feeling of breathing hard and sweating a lot!      I like the length of each workout (abut 27 minutes including warm-up and cool down).  I like the circuit training of 3 minutes strength, 2 min cardio, and 1 min abs.  I like how straight-forward Jillian is.  It is a hard work out, no doubt, but the moves are not complicated.      A couple of recommendations:    1) Remember to not let your knees extend over your toes in any squats or lunges, especially since much of the work out involves these.  I have had no knee pain, by the way, after this work out.    2) Don't be afraid to skip around in the levels.  Level 1 gets boring and while the other levels are more difficult, they can be modified to make them easier for the sake of keeping it interesting and working muscles in different ways.    3) Keep good form using a less strenuous movement if you have to.  I've opted to drop the weights if I am starting to use bad form so that I can keep moving.    4) Use common sense and listen to your own body.  Jillian doesn't know you personally and won't actually yell at your for changing a movement!  :) At the same time, don't be afraid to push yourself to more than you think you can...try one more rep or a little bit deeper movement!    5) Since the intro is pretty long and you can't skip through it, put in the DVD and then let it play while you get your shoes on, get water, etc.
B00028XEEO|4.0|Picking up where 'Phaedra' left off, but attaining an even greater level of expressiveness, is Tangerine Dream's 1975 opus 'Rubycon'.<br /><br />The same alien life forms which could be heard crying for their lost ancestors on 'Phaedra' have now begun soaring gracefully up into rose pink gas clouds, while summer thaws the cold, blue dreamscapes of the former album. Then evening descends. We turn from the observation deck, and move to the pilot's chamber as the craft sets out into the unknown. The voyage begins in earnest...<br /><br />Part two brings a completely different spacescape...dark, magnetic, dangerous, and cold. 'Mountains' loom up, vertical pillars of energy which part around the craft as it continues deep into uncharted waters, following a subtle, threadlike current. Thinking to have traced this current to its origin, we now leave the craft, only to find...nothing. Just a barren valley fllled with rocks and water. But over the crest of the hill, pink foliage blooms. We appear to be back in the land of the rose clouds. But is it really the same?<br /><br />Your own visualisations will be different to mine, of course, and that's the beauty of it. Every listen reveals something new.
0882709194|1.0|I obtained my book from school when people were handing them out, feeling intrigued I grabbed a copy for me and a fellow classmate. Do not be fooled into thinking this is the real origin of species, it is simply, as stated before by other users a trojan horse for Ray Comfort's creationist views. Upon halfway reading the introduction, I was very disappointed and mislead; I could not pick up the book after that point. I then talked to some friends who said that people also handed the same copy at their school, only to hear that when they read it, some of the most important and scientifically relevant and hard evidence has been removed. Steer Clear from this book. If you want the real scientific ground breaking novel, do not buy this edition.
B001KVZ6G6|5.0|Product arrived quickly and as described. The bonus features were amazing and enjoyed. It includes a section on where they got their inspiration (which was beautifully filmed).  We were pleased with this product and the price was great.
B002VPE1AM|5.0|Best movie i saw within the last years!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  amazing world, good characters, fantastic story.    menkind will act this way, if they´ll find such a planet!
B00006RAKP|5.0|I LOVE this collection...great songs,very nice package.Makes a wonderful gift for anyone who loves Elton John.
B0014Z4ON4|3.0|My 7 year old son wanted all 3 of the \\"old\\" Indiana Jones movies for Christmas.  I didn't remember them being so scary!  He got through them, but I sure wouldn't have bought this if I would have remembered all of the gory details.  At least it was MY kid, I would not buy this one for a niece, nephew or friend.  This one is on a shelf for now, until he is a few years older.
B001XRLWPQ|5.0|When this first came on the air, I didn't think it was for me.  Seemed a bit \\"lame.\\"  But I gave it a chance and got hooked.  The characters pulled me in.  The relationship between Castle and Beckett is entertaining. The other characters are not quite what you expect either -- I believe they have borrowed a few characteristics from some old sitcoms.  Give it a try.  You might have to watch more than one episode, but I believe you will get pulled in.  More of a lighthearted \\"Cop\\" show (nothing like the CSI's).  I'd rather have my kids watch this than the CSI shows (and I do like the CSI shows).
B00127RAJY|5.0|I am a pretty good runner (avg 5-6 m per run), and these are really challenging and fun.  I am not into major \\"routines\\" and these are basic, simple to follow and yield results.  I truly push myself @ level 2 and find it really challenging to complete level 3.  I do 2 & 3 now back to back and I am soaking wet.  It has truly helped my overall fitness level and my running has never been better!  Thanks Jillian!
B002GZQY6Q|4.0|Is The Incident as good musically as Stupid Dream or Lightbulb Sun? No, probably not but I do like it more than Fear of a Blank Planet. Regarding the material itself, my first listen was a bit \\"meh\\" but after giving it a chance, I realized that there are some amazing lyrics here, which continue past themes of murder, death and the afterlife explored on In Absentia and Deadwing. I also believe that there is an overall theme to The Incident that Wilson is not talking about nor is he obligated. Connecting the dots I come up with something like this...     1) Occam's Razor - The explanation for something unknown is probably the most likely one. This seems to target religion and brainwashing, which is heavily featured in the first few songs.     2) The Blind House - Young girl and future spouse is sent to a religious all-girl boarding school to protect her from the real world. There she learns about lesbian love with lyrics like, \\"Free Love\\" and \\"Bring love to all my sisters\\", not to mention, \\"You don't need to know their secrets\\". This sets the stage for her inability to \\"love\\" the male protagonist. Probably one of the more mainstream songs on the album    3) Great Expectations - What the girl could have been had she not been \\"locked up\\" in the religious school.     4) Kneel and Disconnect - Title reaffirms religion disconnects one from the real world.     5) Drawing the Line - Our protagonist is being drawn to the girl, even though he tries to resist what he knows will be a destructive relationship, i.e., \\"I'm drawing the line, I'm taking control, I'm shutting you out\\". A nice melody however I find the chorus to be a bit annoying.    6) The Incident - Life changing event (car accident) that makes the protagonist realize that his life is being wasted married to this person who cannot love in the way that he desires. The line, \\"Got a feeling that I want you to be there\\" is the first indication that he is fantasizing about the death of his wife in the accident. One of myfavorite songs in the cycle.     7) Your Unpleasant Family - The wrecked car is a metaphor for his wrecked life in which the husband realizes that her family is the source of his wife's issues.     8) Yellow Windows of the Evening Train - A childhood reference which leads into...     9) Time Flies - Remembering a childhood true love who gives him good advice, \\"You are what you make of yourself\\". Basically saying his current predicament is his own choice. Probably the best song on the album and certainly pays homage to Pink Floyd's Animals.    10) Degree Zero of Liberty - The current relationship robs him of the freedom and true love that he once experienced.    11) Octane Twisted - He kills his wife and the line, \\"Give me a sign that I can breath air\\" indicates that she still has a hold on him. Also, the DVD contains a bonus version of this song with imagery of a man murdering a woman.    12) The Seance - Again, the line \\"Give me a sign that I can breath air\\" indicates that he is unable to release himself from her hold even after death.     13) Circle of Manias - One mania (desire, futility, depression, denial) follows another in endless succession, describing the husband's incurable mental state. Nice rockin' tune with some heavy riffs.    14) I Drive the Hearse - The protagonist daydreams about driving the hearse containing his wife's body, which he believes is his only chance at freedom from his never-ending manias. Various lines reiterate his misery, \\"When you cry, I take the blame\\", \\"You were always my mistake\\", \\"Denial is a better way\\". A great song that reminds me a bit of Feel So Low from Lightbulb Sun.    Regarding the songs on disc 2, I think that they are leftovers from The Incident that either didn't quite make the grade lyrically (Flicker) or they are too dark and gruesome. For example...    Bonnie the Cat - Our protagonist discovers that his wife is pregnant and knowing how the child would be raised by the mother and her parents, \\"I know what will be\\",decides that it is better to kill her.     Remember Me Lover - Refers to his earlier love from \\"Time Flies\\", which we learn was also a destructive relationship.    Black Dahlia - Reveals that he kills the earlier lover. This really adds to the dark tone of the album because now we have a serial killer, which is no surprise if you've read the lyrics to the album In Absentia.    Another interesting observation is that Wilson goes out of his way to dismiss these songs as being a cohesive whole, referring to them instead as separate incidents in his life. He also seems to have purposely chosen song titles that do not reflect the lyrical content. For example, Bonnie the Cat he claims is just a jumble of lyrics that he could think of no better song title. Yet if you read the lyrics carefully, you can see how the song fits in with the concept as I describe above. Again, I think that perhaps Wilson viewed the concept as too dark and gruesome to be acceptable by many fans. Nevertheless, this is a cohesive, deep concept album and deserving of four stars.
1416594787|4.0|2010-01-08
0060899190|1.0|If you're looking for a few entertaining, albeit clichéd anecdotes to read off to cornered house guests and family members, then this is the book for you.  Post Secret is intentionally provocative in the worst kind of way.  If a high school creative writing class was asked to do an anonymous project on Twitter, this would be the result.  But even that hypothetical situation would probably produce more original, thoughtful commentary.  While the presentation of the postcards and the overall design of the book are attractive, the content is transparent, predictable, and egocentric.      The premise of the book is interesting.  I love the idea of using anonymous confessions as a healing tool, but there is something fundamentally wrong with the execution of this book.  Perhaps its the fact that when creator, Frank Warren encourages people to \\"Reveal anything,\\" he actually means write something shocking.  The majority of postcards published in this book contemplate regret, self-loathing, jealousy, lust, abuse, narcissism, hypocrisy, etc.  The project allows participants to relieve themselves of guilt, even get a little attention for their ventures into the \\"taboo\\", but ultimately these words do not translate into real change.  Readers and writers get to alleviate their guilt with the reassurance that everyone else is just as self-centered and insecure as themselves.  No uncomfortable confrontations, no consequences, no responsibility towards anyone else.  Any chance that the participants in this book are also Facebook addicts?  This book can be considered very successful, if the goal is to feed our self-indulgent emotions or popularize suicide and abuse.  No wonder postal workers are depressed.  While I do see value in collaborative, forward-thinking writing projects that bring people together, I cannot help but feel that Post Secret represents a rather narrow socio-economic group.  Did anyone notice that a lot of the handwriting looks the same?      Kudos to those whogot what they needed out of this project, but it makes me sick to think of the number of trees and paper wasted.  They should have printed the Suicide Hotline number on every page.  Instead, they placed it just above the publication information.  Because readers always pay special attention to that page, right?  This book makes me want to stick my head in the oven just so that I can forget that someone at Harper Collins actually published this.
B0001DMPVI|5.0|We should all save the ANIMALS albums from extinction.  I've had one of those \\"EXPERIENCES\\", we sometimes have, while listening to freak music.  Eric Burton has always been recognised as on of the leading blues voices of the British invasion, and his early hits with the (British version) of the ANIMALS are in every 60s GREATEST HITS package in the world.  SO, what happened after the lysergic hit his head? I only knew of his being \\"experienced\\" from The Animals' amazing live performance of the Stone's \\"PAINT IT, BLACK\\" during the 1967 Monterrey Pop Festival. And of course, the song MONTERREY, which recaps Eric's recollections of the event, is the opening number on this album. Think of MONTERREY as the psychedelic flip side to the song WOODSTOCK.  After \\"the bullet\\" plays, you are drawn into the album, into one of the most flipped out, acid drenched, sonically frightening series of songs recorded during 1968. The songs merge, sitars dominate with harpsicords and string parts on the more \\"structured songs\\".  In fact, if you mash together Donovan's SUNSHINE SUPERMAN, with the Animal's rhythym section , you arrive at a template used on many of the songs, including  JUST THE THOUGHT. Its a ballad that could have sat on King Crimson's first album alongside MOONCHILD. But only in the experimentation achieved on this album, can you REALLY find the scope and depth Eric wanted to portray. JUST THE THOUGHT ends abruptly, as someone starts rewinding, and fumbling with a home reel to reel recorder. Then, a blury, quick demo begins of the next song. CLOSER TO THE TRUTH's nasty sounding DEMO of the song starts, but  professional studio vocals are overdubbed, after a few lines of music. After a verse of demo with vocals, the bass and drums kick in, and you 're thrown into a rollercoaster ride of the mind. Eric's visionary lyrics tell us that \\"Somewhere someone is closer to the truth than you are\\". The lyrics build on the meaning of who has truth, as the song speeds up, guitar solos flip out, and and the band goes OUT THERE. Way out. FAR out. THEN, when Burdon figures you \\"got the message\\",  we travel full circle, back to the rough home demo opening. THEN, the recorder is clicked off, THUD. And  what happens? You are ejected into the next song, which continues the lyrical theme. This time, YANG to the YIN, the song says YOU are further than someone else. (NO SELF PITY). Utilizing a VERY heavy sitar - harpsecord sound, Eric relates his drug visions. (OK, its a bit drippy hearing someone sing \\"Have you seen a butterfly's wings, or a blackbird sing?\\" BUT, it's still got attitude.) After a long sitar solo,  Eric throws you into a mind blowing wonderland of ORANGE AND RED BEAMS. This song opens with a nice backing track, string sections, while Eric sings about these Orange and Red Beams, and the birth of a baby.  BUT HIS VOCALS HERE, are doubletracked using a reverse delay effect. As a piccalo trumpet and flute colors the song, several overdubs of Eric chant-singing ORANGE ANE RED BEAMS approach the ETERNAL NOW, while your mind floats away in a sea of orange and red voices. How far out can you go? Well, Eric Burdon tried to find out.<br /><br /> ITs a total trip. For those of you who love psychedelic music, THE TWAIN SHALL MEET is one of the best from the Genre.  The rest of the album, might be more familier due to another hit single. SKY PILOT is almost 8 minutes long, including a fighter plane battle in the middle of the song. (no doubt a lot of vietnam vets had PTS flashbacks during this song, from overdubbed guitars soloing while the plane takes off, gets shot down, etc.) WE LOVE YOU LIL connects to the end of SKY PILOT. After starting with just Eric whistling, an acoustic folk song begins. After a little bit, the song turns HEAVY, with guns and warfare in the backround, and the tolling of the death bell. At nearly 12 minutes long, WE LOVE YOU LIL is a sonic recap of the whole album, a total mash up of everything bizarre that came before it. When this extended flip out ends, you're presented with a BAGPIPE SONG for a minute or so. Its introduces the penultimate freak out song, \\"WE\\"RE ALL ONE\\". As a closer to an album that starts with the flower power of MONTEREY, then leads you thru spirituality and visionary beauty into warfare and fighter jets, we are left with a message of peace, and unity. WE ARE ALL ONE. Eric revs up the tempo at the end, horns and sitars fight for sonic dominance, until strings softly win out, and set you back down SOFTLY to earth, only to lift off again into one last flashback of sitar acid madness. As the last rev up turns to a flood of flutes gracing a beautiful sonic landscape, as Eric dosed addled mind reminds us that \\"Now you should know by now\\". (and if that makes sense, then youre dosed too.) AND THEN ITS OVER. An album that's a HEAVY DUTY MIND FREAK!<br /><br />And what more can you say than that?  If you have music by Donovan, Traffic, Love, Pink Floyd, Capt. Beefheart, or other classics from 1967-68, you know what you 're getting into. But I assure you, this is a psychedelic masterpiece, and a wierd one at that.  No doubt Eric Burdon's didactic, heavy confrontational stance against what he considered the \\"straight world\\", drives the wierd, hippy daydream vibe on the album. But isnt that why we listen to psychedelic music?  No, its not as good as the Beatles or Stones best work, but its still THE ANIMALS, and THEY ARE DOSED to their eyelids on...something. Like the previous Animals album (WINDS OF CHANGE), I'm happy I discovered this album, and frustrated that it took me so long to uncover this forgotten treasure of the Hippy era. Recommended to all who fly the freak flag.n this extended flip out ends, you're presented with a BAGPIPE SONG for a minute or so. Its introduces the penultimate freak out song, \\"WE\\"RE ALL ONE\\". As a closer to an album that starts with the flower power of MONTEREY, then leads you thru spirituality and visionary beauty into warfare and fighter jets, we are left with a message of peace, and unity. WE ARE ALL ONE. Eric revs up the tempo at the end, horns and sitars fight for sonic dominance, until strings softly win out, and set you back down SOFTLY to earth, only to lift off again into one last flashback of sitar acid madness. As the last rev up turns to a flood of flutes gracing a beautiful sonic landscape, as Eric dosed addled mind reminds us that \\"Now you should know by now\\". (and if that makes sense, then youre dosed too.) AND THEN ITS OVER. An album that's a HEAVY DUTY MIND FREAK!<br /><br />And what more can you say than that?  If you have music by Donovan, Traffic, Love, Pink Floyd, Capt. Beefheart, or other classics from 1967-68, you know what you 're getting into. But I assure you, this is a psychedelic masterpiece, and a wierd one at that.  No doubt Eric Burdon's didactic, heavy confrontational stance against what he considered the \\"straight world\\", drives the wierd, hippy daydream vibe on the album. But isnt that why we listen to psychedelic music?  No, its not as good as the Beatles or Stones best work, but its still THE ANIMALS, and THEY ARE DOSED to their eyelids on...something. Like the previous Animals album (WINDS OF CHANGE), I'm happy I discovered this album, and frustrated that it took me so long to uncover this forgotten treasure of the Hippy era. Recommended to all who fly the freak flag.
B0026P3G12|5.0|Susan Boyle's singing range is amazing. I could listen to her cd all day. I find her vocal ability and her personal story to be inspiring. I LOVE her cd.
B002VKE0XA|3.0|As you probably have heard by now, people are saying that it was boring, not enough \\"Demonic\\" things happen, etc. Let me start off by saying that all of this is very true. However, that wasn't even the hardest part to digest. There were two things that totally ruined this movie for me:      1: you pretty much saw all of the scariest parts in the commercial. The part in the commercial where the guy is thrown into the camera? Best damn scene in the whole movie. I would have been shocked by it had I not already scene it a million times.     2: Every single character seems absolutely shallow and pointless. At points you're like \\"okay she's possessed so she's being a total B*tch and that makes sense. But then you have parts where they flip out, then go back to the way they were... It's so fake. And the medium they bring over? Everything he says is common sense. He walks into the bedroom: \\"this is where the most stuff happens isn't it?\\" Oh really? Maybe because THE TRIPOD AND MIKE ARE STANDING RIGHT THERE! And everything else he says is something he picked up from talking to them... He is complete bs.     This movie could have been a lot better, but the writer clearly doesn't understand character development or what scares peoples pants off. He does understand suspense and that we don't need to see blood and guts (that's not scary at all; its just gross!).
0784011710|3.0|R. Penola asks \\"You will continue to wonder, long after the haunting images of Sophie's face fade from view, what might you have done in her shoes?\\"     I will tell you instantly what I would have done. With regard to the \\"choice\\" she made in the pivotal scene, when she opted to save her son, (and possibly herself) by throwing her toddler-in-arms to the lions and becoming the German officer's whore.  If I had made that decision, (which I am sure I would not) I would have tried to survive for the sake of my son, as Sophie did, but then when I realized that he was dead also, I would have committed suicide.    At the time of the decision I would have made a dash for it, thereby assuring that all three of us would die together. But then there would have been no story. It was her troubled conscience that kept the story going, and the way she wasted what was left of her miserable life in the pursuit of selfish pleasures in the company of a madman.     The narrator was completely inadequate both in his own life, in his relation to Sophie, and apparently as a lover, but he alone had been trusted with the secret, so only he could tell, and like the Father Confessor of Mother Teresa's secret could not be trusted to keep it in the end.    Altogether a harrowing long drawn out play with little to redeem it except the exceptional acting.    Worthy mentions, apart from the three main actors mentioned many times before, should go to the German officer who gave Sophie \\"the choice\\", he was so good he sent shivers down my spine. Handsome, cold, and very lethal. The actor, (whose name I do not know) took his part extremely well. The other mention is to Sophie's daughter with her little trembling lip and her terrified look. How did they do that?
B002VRNIHM|5.0|Neil and team did a wonderful job remastering these Albums. No defects here just pure, clear, beautiful Neil Young on Vinyl! Sound really does matter-And Neil, as always, DELIEVERS! SOUNDS INCREDABLE, EVEN ON MY MIDDLE OF THE ROAD PLAYER! LOVE VINYL! ROCK ON NEILER!
B000E1MTZE|5.0|come on its the matrix, its hd......do I really have to say anything else!!!! great movie great sound quality well worth the price if you are one of the few who hung onto your hd dvd player!!!
B00127RAJY|4.0|I use this video in rotation with other things.  I disagree with Jillian that this could be used every day for 30 days --- it's too much muscle work to do every day.  If she had three Level 1 videos, three Level 2, and three Level 3 for us to rotate through - I think that would have been better.  I like that she has us do jumping jacks and push-ups because those are things I'm too lazy to do on my own.  I have to change up some of the exercises, like the side lunge because it hurts my knees (knee surgery twice on the same knee).  I also change up a few other things - if you're feeling pain you're either a) not doing it correctly or b) that exercise just doesn't work for your body.  There's nothing to be ashamed about if you can't do plank jacks because it hurts your back .... change it up so that you're doing SOMETHING even if it isn't exactly what they are doing on the video.  I will give her this much, she says that this hard core video is for people who are willing to go HARD for 30 days to see dramatic results.  I for one can't promise 30 days straight to begin with, but also my body needs breaks so I do other things in addition to this video.      I was pleasantly surprised that she didn't curse or \\"get in your face\\" if you will.  Instead she coaxes you along and pushes you to do your best and not give up.  I agree that the intro is annoying, but for whatever reason, my DVD player allows me to skip over it and others' say theirs won't.  I haven't tried Level 3 but I've done 1 and 2 at least 7-10 times each.  I'm impressed with my leg muscle and abs - but I can't say that I've noticed that much of a difference in my arms.     Overall, for $10 I think it's pretty decent and I use it often.
B002C6K7N0|5.0|Seriously, if you have ever been a fan of Megadeth or heavy metal in general, purchase this album immediately.  This is by far Megadeth's best effort since Rust in Peace.  The guitar work is incredible.
0385504225|2.0|I couldn't wait for this book and had it read within 1 week of its release.  But, I guess I just didn't get it. First, it is time for new material - this one seems to do-over Angels and Demons and DaVinci Code.  Same old same old.  Second, I kept plodding on, just knowing that the ending would be worth it, that the secret would be awesome.... but it wasn't.  I don't want to refer to that secret here and spoil it for others, but I was let down and just thought - \\"big deal\\"!  I've read all of Dan Brown's books and loved them all, but this one just wasn't good for me.  I'll wait for the next one and hope he picks up a different subject and comes back with something as great as Angels and Demons.
B0015DROBO|2.0|Promised myself never to read another book not enabled to speech. Much of my reading time is after my eyes exhaust. May get to it later
0143113100|4.0|Are we born with a brain with empty memory slots and pre-determined capability that is just filled up with memories and lessons as we go through life? The argument that this book puts forward is a resounding No. Our brain has plasticity upon which we can make an impression and build memories and algorithms changing the physical makeup of the brain.<br /><br />During young age the brain is very plastic and through a process implanted in our genetic code and practiced millions of years cognitive functions are created in our brain, almost the same way for all of us. After that, the plasticity is reduced, but not eliminated. The great news is that adults can change the structure of the brain mimicking the young children and learn new skills through practice and powerful reward/punishment training regime.<br /><br />Norman Doidge provides incredible examples of massive changes in the way our brain functions. Mostly, the examples come from people with extreme experience, especially in the category of people who suffered brain damage as result of a heart attack or accidents. The overall progress occurs mostly out of the popular media and daily headlines, however a combination of changing of attitude in the scientific community and advances in neuroscience and technology is slowly moving up and it promises to have a significant impact on our lives.<br /><br />It is remarkable though how important is the brain activity. Simple training and varied activities focused on learning new skills can keep the brain healthy until late years in life.<br /><br />Norman Doidge provides an unusual portrait of Sigmund Freud (unusual to me) as a precursor of neuroplasticity. Freud formulated four principles of plasticity: association of neurons, psychological critical phase, transcribing memory and transference.  The author takes time to explain these principles intertwining the theory with his own personal experience as a psychoanalyst. To his credit, it makes you think how many learned experience are deep down there in our mind limiting your potential and that could be \\"un-learned\\" following a system to free us from those limitations and make us better persons. The book does not describe the system, other than to say it can be done and cite a few pioneers in the field that do this through private institutions (Mezernich, Edward Taub, etc)<br /><br />The book arrives to similar conclusions with other researchers when talking about achieving mastery through practice. If there is a theme here is that you can achieve a lot through practice. We know this, but the extent to which we can achieve success is far beyond what we normally believe.<br /><br />It is interesting to read the comments on the influence of culture on our brain architecture. The major structures are determined during our younger years, after which we rapidly loose the ability to adapt to new cultures. Immigrants rewire their brains and there is a lot of expensive energy going into the effort of assimilation.<br /><br />This is a positive book; it makes a very good read without using complex terminology. It makes you think a bit more about what makes you think the way you think. It is also optimistic. It is well timed as we move into a time of rapid change. We will learn more and we will extend the young adulthood until late years in life because life is asking us to do so. At times the book spends considerable time going through psychoanalysis sessions conducted by Norman Doidge with some of his clients and although there are lessons to be learned from that, it dilutes the overall powerful message of the book: normal adults can learn and change and achieve so much more. I feel the book does not dwell enough in the area of adult learning, probably because we are still yet to create a new system for education and training that is widely accepted and recognised.in our mind limiting your potential and that could be \\"un-learned\\" following a system to free us from those limitations and make us better persons. The book does not describe the system, other than to say it can be done and cite a few pioneers in the field that do this through private institutions (Mezernich, Edward Taub, etc)    The book arrives to similar conclusions with other researchers when talking about achieving mastery through practice. If there is a theme here is that you can achieve a lot through practice. We know this, but the extent to which we can achieve success is far beyond what we normally believe.     It is interesting to read the comments on the influence of culture on our brain architecture. The major structures are determined during our younger years, after which we rapidly loose the ability to adapt to new cultures. Immigrants rewire their brains and there is a lot of expensive energy going into the effort of assimilation.     This is a positive book; it makes a very good read without using complex terminology. It makes you think a bit more about what makes you think the way you think. It is also optimistic. It is well timed as we move into a time of rapid change. We will learn more and we will extend the young adulthood until late years in life because life is asking us to do so. At times the book spends considerable time going through psychoanalysis sessions conducted by Norman Doidge with some of his clients and although there are lessons to be learned from that, it dilutes the overall powerful message of the book: normal adults can learn and change and achieve so much more. I feel the book does not dwell enough in the area of adult learning, probably because we are still yet to create a new system for education and training that is widely accepted and recognised.
B001BSBBEE|5.0|WARNING: Some spoilers ahead<br /><br />This single Carnival Of Souls (1962) DVD contains both the original black-and-white movie and a colorized version as well.  If you're in the mood for color, watch the color version.  If you want the black-and-white original, it's here, too.  When it comes to cult classics of the horror genre, I lump Carnival Of Souls into the same category as Night Of The Living Dead (1968).  This movie had an extremely low budget - it was made for $30,000, or $17,000, depending on the source.  Whatever it was, it was dirt cheap to make.  But in my opinion, sometimes low budget movies are better than the polished big budget movies with top-of-the-line actors and special effects.  When it comes to horror movies, a small amount of money can produce the same desired result as big budget movies, which is to scare the audience.  The goal is to create an eerie and spooky and scary atmosphere that taps into a person's feelings of fear.  You really don't need a lot of money to accomplish this.  A lot of low budget B horror movies are very effective.  Carnival Of Souls is one of them.<br /><br />This movie was shot in Lawrence, Kansas and also at the Saltair Pavilion amusement park in Salt Lake City, Utah.  This movie stars Candace Hilligoss as Mary Henry, a church organist who survives a car accident in which her two girl companions died.  Throughout the movie, she often sees the ghostly image of a man (played by director Herk Harvey) practically everywhere she goes.  This man seems to be haunting her.  Nobody else but her sees this man.  It isn't long before she seems to become non-existent to the people around her, all of whom don't see or hear her.  Mary seems to be scared of unknown forces throughout the movie.  It also seems as if what is living and what is dead is a blur to her.  She can't tell the difference.  She basically is caught between the living and the dead.  She is even haunted by her own organ music, which changes from happier tones early in the movie to more sinister and darker tones while she's practicing at the church one night.  It seems as though ever since she saw the Saltair Pavilion for the first time, she became drawn to it.  The end of the movie has a bizarre ending that I won't reveal.  Watch it to find out what happens.<br /><br />This movie's score is 100% theater organ, performed by Gene Moore.  That's it - an organ.  The organ music is eerie throughout the movie and seems to be off key a lot of the time (intentionally, of course) and has an underlying, subtle carnival melody during a lot of the scenes at the pavilion.  I must say I'm surprised that Candace Hilligoss only appeared in one other movie (The Curse Of The Living Corpse in 1964).  She is nice looking, has very good screen presence, and can act pretty well.<br /><br />This movie can be classified as having subtle, atmospheric psychological horror.  This movie has no blood and gore.  Instead, the music, camera angles, lighting, howling winds, shadows, moonlight, clouds, and feeling of emptiness make this movie creepy.<br /><br />This movie has been influential to many horror movie makers, including George Romero, David Lynch and John Carpenter.  Notice how the ghoul (the man who keeps haunting Mary) appears in windows and then disappears.  Michael Myers does the same thing in Halloween (1978).<br /><br />The audio commentary by Mike Nelson of TV's \\"Mystery Science Theater 3000\\" is obnoxious and useless.  He's a funny guy, but his commentary is pointless for this DVD release.<br /><br />Do you like low budget B horror movies that are influential cult classics?  Do you like simplicity when it comes to horror movies?  Do you like horror movies involving carnivals?  If so, then check out Carnival Of Souls and buy this DVD where you get both black-and-white and color.arly in the movie to more sinister and darker tones while she's practicing at the church one night.  It seems as though ever since she saw the Saltair Pavilion for the first time, she became drawn to it.  The end of the movie has a bizarre ending that I won't reveal.  Watch it to find out what happens.<br /><br />This movie's score is 100% theater organ, performed by Gene Moore.  That's it - an organ.  The organ music is eerie throughout the movie and seems to be off key a lot of the time (intentionally, of course) and has an underlying, subtle carnival melody during a lot of the scenes at the pavilion.  I must say I'm surprised that Candace Hilligoss only appeared in one other movie (The Curse Of The Living Corpse in 1964).  She is nice looking, has very good screen presence, and can act pretty well.<br /><br />This movie can be classified as having subtle, atmospheric psychological horror.  This movie has no blood and gore.  Instead, the music, camera angles, lighting, howling winds, shadows, moonlight, clouds, and feeling of emptiness make this movie creepy.<br /><br />This movie has been influential to many horror movie makers, including George Romero, David Lynch and John Carpenter.  Notice how the ghoul (the man who keeps haunting Mary) appears in windows and then disappears.  Michael Myers does the same thing in Halloween (1978).<br /><br />The audio commentary by Mike Nelson of TV's \\"Mystery Science Theater 3000\\" is obnoxious and useless.  He's a funny guy, but his commentary is pointless for this DVD release.<br /><br />Do you like low budget B horror movies that are influential cult classics?  Do you like simplicity when it comes to horror movies?  Do you like horror movies involving carnivals?  If so, then check out Carnival Of Souls and buy this DVD where you get both black-and-white and color.
B002GJT4Y6|5.0|The description of the package fooled me but was also correct.  The book included is a photo book of the characters for years 2-5.  The four discs are packaged  with an inclusive 4 pack collection separate from the box.  The collection also comes with a digital addition of the movie.
B00005JLKB|5.0|Anyone who is a Superman fan or likes super man at all will definitely like this tv show. Smallville has a great cast and an outstanding crew. With awesome performances from Tom Welling, Allison Mack, Kristin Kreuk, Michael Rosenbaum, Sam Jones III, Annette O'Toole, John Glover, and John Schneider, Smallville will keep you begging for more. From the instant you lay your eyes on your tv screen, you will be hooked to the show. You cannot back down from this show. It is truly a gripping, enthralling, and swashbuckling tv show that no one will ever forget. Smallville is a legendary tv show that will earn more success than most tv shows. Two thumbs way up for Smallville!!!
B000002VMD|4.0|I have enjoyed the music from this movie for years.  The CD is very nice.  Whitney's music gives me a chance to stretch my vocal cords.  Also this music is powerful but does not bounce my nerves.
B002VPE1AM|1.0|Terminator, Aliens, T2, The Abyss, True Lies, Titanic ...     Avatar, sold out everywhere, queues around the block, of course, I was a little excited. At worst, I expected the fun of True Lies.    Briefly, the 3D is excellent, as are the effects, but who cares when the designs look like stupid ugly blue Disney aliens from a bad dream about Abe's Odyssey. The rest of the effects look like Halo 3, but it's more fun to play Halo 3, the dragon things are rip-offs from the Panzer Dragoon saga, but it's more fun to play Panzer Dragoon. It's even more fun to watch the Panzer Dragoon FMV's on the Saturn.     So why one star? The plot is 100% predictable, and when you've worked out the ending within ten minutes, it isn't nice knowing you have to wait three hours to see it. But you might be thinking 'Well, we knew the ending of Titanic too.' Fair enough, but Titanic had a script, a main character who was smart, cool and every bit a hero as a blockbuster requires. The main character in Avatar is a moron. I don't look up to him, I don't aspire to be like him, I don't find him funny and I don't care if he lives or dies.    In short, that's it. Avatar has no script, no plot, no likable characters, no dialogue that couldn't be improvised. If it inspires more films like it, more hollow 3D nonsense, then I fear for the future of cinema and the generations who grow up with it.
B002GSXKN8|5.0|the package was sent and recieved in great condition the person who got it loved it
0439598427|4.0|I really like the content of the book and the illustrations.  However the cover was pretty bent out of shape when it arrived, which was really disappointing.
B002R0F3Q2|4.0|Alicia Keys is probably the greatest performer of our time. But, this is not her best CD. After the tour-de-fouce that is As I Am, this is a disappointing entry. However, there are several tracks that remind us once again that Alicia IS the best around. While you may not feel like it's the greatest purchase you ever made, Alicia will not disappoint you.
B002GHHHPQ|5.0|The movie is \\"sort of\\" based on a true story. None of the things that happened to the Memphis Belle and her crew in the film  actually happened to the real plane and crew, nor do the characters in the movie much resemble the real crew of the plane.  But having said that, in many ways the film is chillingly accurate.  Just about everything you see in the film did happen in one form or other. Many things you see in the film were not uncommon, they  just didn`t happen to that particular plane and crew. And while the characters in the film may not be much like the crew of the  real Memphis Belle, finding people like them on any military base past or present is pretty common. As a matter of fact they are  almost stereotypical. The guy who \\"thinks\\" he is a ladies man, the guy who is scared half to death but will never admit it,   the guy who is always convinced he`s going to die, the guy who tries to be a mother hen to the rest, the quiet guy who wishes  everyone else would just shut up and do their job so they can all go home, the loud mouth, the glory hound, ect. They are all  out there. Remember that the vast majority of men who fight in a war, past or present, are very young. The traning and experience  have made them grow up fast, but the kid in them all is still there right below the surface.     As far as entertainment value, the film is excellent. It`s high adventure with good writing, a good plot and good acting.  It`s the characters and the story that make this a good movie, the war is just the background.
0060531053|4.0|I picked this up for supplementary information in addition to the instructions that came with my first beer ingredient kit.  I found it very helpful and I'd recommend it to anyone new to the hobby.  It is divided into three main sections which are packed with subcategories and information:<br /><br />Especially for the Beginner (I like it because it is a stand alone section with all the information needed to brew your first batch<br />Betterbrew- Intermediate Brewing<br />Advanced Homebrewing for the Practical Homebrewer<br /><br />This has turned into my go-to book.  Only two things keep me from giving it 5 stars.  First, almost every step in the process is ended by instructions to \\"Relax...have a homebrew.\\"  It's funny the first few times but it quickly gets annoying.  Not to mention, if you actually drank that many homebrews during the process, I'm pretty sure you'd be too drunk to actually brew anything!  The second thing is the photos.  I don't mind the cheesy cartoons so much but not only are the photos illustrating the process very amateurish, but they are also awkward.  I'd much rather have more professional photographs and models without the creepy grins.
B002BSHXJA|5.0|I am playing these in my new Bose and the sound is amazing!!! Takes me back to when I first heard them. As I listen all the Beatles come alive, and I get chills hearing songs I had forgotten. Right now Paul is singing sounding like he is in the room with me. I don't even remember what I paid when I bought this set, but it was worth every penny. So was the Bose, by the way. And no, I am not in any way affiliated with Bose.
B001M5UDGS|5.0|While Dr. Horrible's Sing-along Blog is, indeed, hilarious, it is also wrenchingly sad. The reason that it resonates so deeply is the tragedy and pain that is coupled with the comedy. What makes this work so good is the poignancy that is so deftly carried through it by the major actors, the music, and (of course) Whedon's direction.     I had never so much as heard of Whedon or any of the major actors in the piece when I first saw it. This short piece is just a jewel of a work, with the writing, acting, songwriting and singing, camera work - all of it done superbly, with just the right touch.     Taking the superhero and arch-villain, and twisting them 180 degrees around to make the superhero be the bad guy, and the arch-villain into the sympathetic protagonist, Whedon gave himself a playground full of opportunity for quirky moments of humor. And the deadpan acceptance of a horse (A HORSE!!!) as the leading arch-criminal of the evildoers is another beautiful stroke - it is just amazing that it is carried off so well.     Great stuff.
B000083E79|1.0|only 3 of the songs played. the cd was scratched. very disappointed . took me awhile to get it also i had to email them and remind them to send it by xmas.
0307266303|5.0|I loved this book! It took me places I never expected to go. Hang in there and you'll find yourself hooked.
0805086846|4.0|\\"Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee\\" offers a detailed and vivid telling of the Native Americans' plight at the hands of European settlers in the middle- to late-19th century.  Like many historical works, this one can be challenging to read.  Each of the chapters -- covering different tribes and historical events -- is thoroughly researched.  Dee Brown clearly spent years researching his subject, and his diligence is evident throughout the text.  It's a weighty topic, and the author pays due respect to it through his thoughtful and meticulous work.    I dove into \\"Bury My Heart\\" without much knowledge of the subject.  This made the book as daunting to me as it was educational.  As the chapters wind their way across decades and western states, there's a sad and sober tone of consistency in how the natives were treated.  This is part of the education.  Above all else, Brown is keen to emphasize that the treatment of Native Americans was in most cases calculated and pre-meditated, not the lawless behavior of rogue settlers.
B00007KQA3|5.0|I loved it. Everything from Orwell's book is there. But, to understand the movie, I recommand to read the book first. Cause to the scene transition, you got to read the book before to see the link betwwen the scenes. Anyway, it's a great novel, made into a great film. The performance of John Hurt and Richard Burton are their best in their career. Don't forget : BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING.
B000JLSM00|5.0|Now that it is priced on Amazon at the same cost as the DVD, it makes no sense to buy the DVD version. The picture is the most beautiful you will ever get it, and this movie is known for it's scenery. The extras were just icing on the cake. I now consider DVD a waste of money and will never go back now that Blu rays are at affordable prices. I got my copy of this movie for $9.99 here on Amazon.
B002ELM5HY|5.0|While Sailing to Philadelphia contains four truly inspirational songs, there are times when the album drags a little. With Get Lucky, I can happily let the disc spin for the full eleven tracks. It only has two or three truly remarkable tracks, but the low points are still listenable even for the tenth time in a week. I am very encouraged by Mark's return to excellence with this album, and I pray that the fatalistic tone of 'Piper to the End' is not an accurate prediction of his own eventual demise. Mark is perhaps the greatest living asset the world has ever known.
B000Q67876|5.0|One of my very favorite movies.  This has little to do with anything other than fine acting, great story and probabably one of the best cast put together to pull this off.  Morgan, as always is so into his role, which I think made the movie.
B000N3ST7A|5.0|Stevie Nicks still has one of the best voices around and this CD is a wonderful collection, not a bad track on it!
B000G0O5N2|3.0|forget the story, we all seen this movie .. the Blue ray picture is fine ... the sound is fine though it is only 5.1 Dolby .. already in the cut rate bins so get it if you want to .. if you have the Superbit DVD with the excellent DTS sound track, stick with that .. dont know why it was not included ..
0143034901|2.0|Very simply when you read the back cover about the \\"cemetery of lost books\\" and about the mysteries surrounding the book in question you are deliberately led to believe that there will be something at least a bit supernatural involved in the story. It turns out to just be a rather unimaginative and overlong  love story with too many plot twists and really nothing more. I felt deceived and disappointed, frankly.
B002XSP16A|5.0|I bought this twice during the holidays (one for my daughter-in-law) and only listened to some of it then.  Now that I have more time to really sit and enjoy this incredible album I am stunned at the simple beauty of her mature voice.  I am almost 70 and I remember when music was presented with grace and dignity. This is far beyond even the music of the old days.  I am thrilled that somebody still knows how to sing a song with such depth and meaning. I hope there is much more to come from her and that she has set a standard for others.  Susan Boyle rocks!!
B002RSDW80|5.0|Enjoyed the film so much in the theatre that I knew I had to own it.  The Julia parts in particular are so joyful -- this is a real laugh-  out-loud movie.
B0011KQSZ4|5.0|This is a wonderful movie!  Great English humor! Will keep you laughing out loud the entire movie!
B0030CIAQQ|4.0|The song is \\"The Rocky Road to Dublin\\" by The Dubliners.  Great track--but not on the album.
0385504225|3.0|A year and a half ago a Freemason friend of mine expressed concern about a rumor that Dan Brown was writing a book about the Masons. He was worried that some of their secret rituals were going to be exposed to the public. I had forgotten all about that conversation until I was halfway through reading The Lost Symbol. Then it dawned on me that my friend's concerns were legitimate.<br /><br />If you keep your eyes open there are innumerable places where the influence of Freemasonry on early America is unquestionably prominent. In my home state of Massachusetts the Masons have built countless public buildings including hospitals and schools. There is a Freemason Society in every other town up here. While their numbers have dwindled, their history is permanently tied to that of the Nation. So, should they fear this book? My answer is yes.<br /><br />Plenty of stories have been written about the Masons but none so prominently as this. None have had the far reaching impact of the conversations that will come from this novel or the possibility of it becoming a film. While the Masons will never have anything to fear from most reasonable individuals, it is rather the new corporate/religiously driven dogma of political extremists who will try to use this information against their opponents should they have any links to the Masons. Our current political discourse is so brazen that nothing is left off the table. If we lose the Freemasons from the ranks of those in public service, it would indeed be a damaging blow to our country.<br /><br />On the other hand, this book could be the boldest advertisement ever conceived for a society with secrets. It is quite possible that the unique descriptions of the Masonic rituals are edgy enough to draw in a whole new generation of brothers (And sisters for the Eastern Star). Maybe Dan Brown has reignited the organization that once made this nation great? All we can do is read what he created, watch how this plays out and hope for the best.
0385737947|5.0|I am 24 years old, and rarely read ya fiction, but this book was recommended to me by a friend.  I loved it.  The characters were endearing, tough, and real.  I liked the fact that I couldn't guess the ending or the motivation behind the \\"Creators\\".  This book is extremely well written and keeps you on your toes.  I honestly can't wait until the next book is released.  I'll be one of the first to buy no matter what my age.
B001ID6VM4|5.0|This is a really great story for the young, or young at heart. A very simple read for some, for others it provides a wonderfully entertaining alternative view of society norms through a romantic story of a fox, his family, his friends, and a group of three antagonist humans which show the worst humanity has to offer. Unlike the movie, this story is quite simplistic, and yet insightful and complex in many ways. Roald Dahl, author of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory and James and the Giant Peach - pulls off another literary triumph from a child's point of view. Illustrated by the author, this reprint of the original is a great size to put into a lunchbox or a briefcase.
B001IAOEXU|5.0|These help me play and not get as frustrated. My fingers don't slip off and it's just more fun to play. Playing Modern Warfare 2 with these is so much easier to throw grenades for me.
B001VPJZFE|5.0|I love this movie. It is different and clean enough for my kids to watch. I would definitely recommend it.
B0026P3G12|5.0|Good buy, and bought as gifts, which were very much appreciated and enjoyed. Still loving Susan Boyle!
B002QEXN8E|5.0|And well worth the wait. We even bought holiday gifts for some friends. Manu Chao is truly a man of the people and has no desire to be a mega rock-star, even though he's revered throughout the world. He rarely plays in the United States and I can't blame him. Too many typical tour \\"trappings.\\" If you want to dance and enjoy and just have an all around great time, get this. Now. He is one of the most amazing artists I've been fortunate to discover.
B002KH4KSY|1.0|I received the original COTC for Christmas and still was a real enjoyable movie.  I had forgotten about one of the first scares (when the kid was run down) and I still jumped. In watching the featurettes I heard the producer or director speaking of a remake. So I searched in Amazon and ordered.  I think the producers should've followed the original instead of the re-write.  What a boring movie.  I fell asleep and had to rewind to see if I missed anything,  but what I missed made me fall asleep again. The producers missed the mark.  This \\"re-imagination\\" is a dud.
B000J4QWMC|5.0|Miami Vice was one of my favorite tv shows growing up.  I remember watching my first episode of the show while on a family vacation in Florida--past midnight, everyone else asleep, room lit only by the tv set.  The show was extremely dramatic and the scenery so amazing.  And being in Florida myself for the first time made the show resonate that much more.  Well last night I finally watched Miami Vice the movie.  I was surprised to feel the same emotions that accompanied my first glimpse of the tv show more than 25 years ago.  Everything about this movie is pitch perfect to me--the casting, the locations, the story, the camera's movements, the music, the cars, the boats, the planes, the guns, the clothes, everything.  In fact, I keep replaying the final standoff with Yero.  I love it when Tubbs starts that 645i and the engine rumble comes through my subwoofer accompanied by Nonpoint's remake of In the Air Tonight.
0670021652|2.0|I'm a fan of Gilbert's past writing, but this book was disappointing.  The strongest parts are the small sections where she describes her experiences: the places she goes, the things she sees, the people she talks to...and how she and \\"Felipe\\" interact with the unexpected choices life throws them.  Unfortunately, these stories comprise only a few short pages of this volume.  The rest is divided between Gilbert whining (\\"But I don't waaaaaaant to get married...\\") and offering up a smattering of historical/sociological approaches to matrimony that make it seem like a grim institution, indeed. I don't know why I felt compelled to read the whole thing, but I was relieved when it was over.
B0026P3G12|5.0|Susan Boyle is indeed a rare individual with an amazing voice.  I thoroughly enjoyed the songs on this CD and highly recommend it to others.
B0013SJH7A|5.0|My husband got me the Kindle for Christmas. I'm an avid reader, and my husband and kids get tired of all the books around the house! I've found it enjoyable for reading many things (can't use it for textbooks where I need the pictures), and it is lightweight which I need for my joint problems.     Anyway, I have always loved Jane Austen, but this was one book I hadn't read yet. I had read that this was one of her last books, and that some of the tone of her books changed as she got older. Austen died most probably with breast cancer, so she most probably was dealing with some symptoms at this point in her life. I don't know if she was aware of her situation, that she may die soon, but this book has a certain poignancy in it. It doesn't seem as hopeful or as humorous as her other books that look at life for women in the early 1800's.     By this time, she knew she would not have an opportunity to marriage. It's sad that women in England back then, especially those of the trade class/genteel middle class, were so dependent upon men choosing who to marry. They couldn't hold jobs, they had no rights as concerns inheritance, everything in their future depended upon their getting married. But during their lifetime they knew nothing different. Austen dealt with all of these problems, and the very real possibility of injury and disease and death curtailing the lives of women in this novel.    She also dealt with snobbishness among the upper classes. That part of the book is hilarious as usual. She really knew how to draw these people, and their attitudes.   By the time I got halfway through this book, I had a hard time putting it down. I really wish someone would write of our day and age, in this tone and with this ability to draw people. I haven't ever seen a writer to compare with her...I don't think I ever will.
0439882826|5.0|We got this for our 6 1/2 year old son for Christmas. It is, by far, his most treasured Christmas gift. He asked his teacher if he could bring it to school for show and tell his very first day back at school after Christmas break. This book is pretty incredible. So much detail, so much to look at and take in. Lots of text (informative- detailing characters, places, and ships- not a story) and tons of characters. Oh, and let's not forget the lightsabers that actually light up! Truly a masterpiece. That being said, I don't think I would give this book to anyone under the age of 6, as it is very fragile and should be handled with great care.
B002SJIO5E|1.0|This movie gets worse the closer to the end it gets.  If you hated Transformers, you'll hate this movie as well.  There are brilliant sci-fi movies like Contact and 2001: A Space Odyssey, but District 9 represents the other end of the spectrum.
B000055Y0Y|4.0|This retro review is for the special edition release of the 1993 film,\\"In the Line of Fire\\".This well directed suspense/thriller by Wolfgang Peterson shows a well cast movie and all with \\"game on\\".<br />The story involves one Secret Service agent Frank Horrigan(Eastwood)who is a \\"living legend\\",in his own tongue-in-cheek words.He is the only active and still working agent who ever lost a president on his watch(JFK);which has haunted him for years and continues to dog him with his peers.Enter one killer/psycho by the name of Mitch Leary who is hell bent on killing the president.He starngely knows Horrigan's background and throughout the movie plays a cat and mouse game with him and the rest of the secret service.Horrigan and his staff always seem to be a step behind the killer and as close as they sometimes come,they can never quite put their hands on him.<br />Leary slowly and methodically weaves his plan,letting no one get in the way and leaving no loose ends.For example,when he opens a phony bank account and the rep catches him in a lie about his background,he follows her home and coldly kills her because he might be able to i.d. him,and her roommate because she was just in the wrong place at the wrong time.<br />When Horrigan does finally obtain a lead in the form of fingerprints he is stone walled by none other than the CIA.Eventually it comes out to a much chagrined Horrigan,that Leary was an ex-CIA assasin who has now gone rogue.With this information the impetus to catch him steps up a few notches.All realize that Leary is VERY capable of doing exactly what he plans to do.It is during the president's campaigning in California that the noose tightens and the Secret Service finally get their man.Horrigan saves the president's life by taking the assasin's bullet.Trying to escape Leary uses Horrigan as a shield and they ride an elevator several floors where the big showdown occurs.The movie ends with Horrigan and love interest,fellow agent Lilly Raines(Rene Russo),sitting on the steps of the Lincoln memorial contemplating their future.<br />This movie got Malkovich an OSCAR and Golden Globe nomination,so memorable was his performance.He played the psycho to a tee;on the one hand very methodical and serious minded and on the other given to violent fits of rage.All this wrapped up in a character with no conscience who could kill in cold blood in an instant.<br />Eastwood gives one his best performances on screen.For all his critics who claim he is wooden and lacking range,I invite them to see this.Eastwood embues his character with a very natural and appealing quality,but one who has been haunted deeply by his past.He pulls it off brilliantly and effortlessly.<br />Technically the movie in this transfer is very good.The picture is quite clear and crisp in it's widescreen format and the sound is great in Dolby 5.1 or 2.0.There is a myriad of special features which include the trailer,talent files on the films director and three main stars,shorts on \\"Catching the Counterfeiters\\",\\"How'd they do That?\\",\\"The Ultimate Sacrifce:In the line of Fire\\", and an inside look at the real Secret Service.There is also a directors commentary and deleted scenes.<br />All in all a fine release of a fine and well done film.Eastwood the films hero and Malkovich his nemesis,play their parts with equal panache and a naturalness that makes for a more believable and enjoyable movie going experience throughout;excellent performances by both.The movie clocks in at around 127 minutes but it doesn't feel that long;one of my time worn but sure fire ways of telling me that I'm watching something better than run of the mill.This movie is a winner all the way.the steps of the Lincoln memorial contemplating their future.  This movie got Malkovich an OSCAR and Golden Globe nomination,so memorable was his performance.He played the psycho to a tee;on the one hand very methodical and serious minded and on the other given to violent fits of rage.All this wrapped up in a character with no conscience who could kill in cold blood in an instant.  Eastwood gives one his best performances on screen.For all his critics who claim he is wooden and lacking range,I invite them to see this.Eastwood embues his character with a very natural and appealing quality,but one who has been haunted deeply by his past.He pulls it off brilliantly and effortlessly.  Technically the movie in this transfer is very good.The picture is quite clear and crisp in it's widescreen format and the sound is great in Dolby 5.1 or 2.0.There is a myriad of special features which include the trailer,talent files on the films director and three main stars,shorts on \\"Catching the Counterfeiters\\",\\"How'd they do That?\\",\\"The Ultimate Sacrifce:In the line of Fire\\", and an inside look at the real Secret Service.There is also a directors commentary and deleted scenes.  All in all a fine release of a fine and well done film.Eastwood the films hero and Malkovich his nemesis,play their parts with equal panache and a naturalness that makes for a more believable and enjoyable movie going experience throughout;excellent performances by both.The movie clocks in at around 127 minutes but it doesn't feel that long;one of my time worn but sure fire ways of telling me that I'm watching something better than run of the mill.This movie is a winner all the way.
B002ECJZ76|1.0|I watched this movie at a foreign film festival.  It was subtitled and brought many of the audience to tears - it was so good.   I was really disappointed to find the three copies I ordered from the USA were dubbed over with cheesy American accents and this ruined the film.  I may have missed this fact when ordering but if not, if this information could be provided prior to purchase it would be beneficial.    That issue aside, it is the second time I have used Amazon and the service, updates and delivery have been outstanding.      Many thanks    Felicity Arnott  ( Thailand)
0740748475|5.0|Just get it already- you know it's time.  The set is attractive, which is good because it's large and doesn't fit in our bookshelf- it earned a place in our living room.  The books are heavy, unfortunately, and can be difficult to get out of the sleeve. Reviewing the content would be like reviewing the Sistine Chapel- it can be analyzed, but not reviewed.
B0002F6BRE|5.0|We watch this DVD every Christmas - it doesn't matter how many times you've seen it, the movie is hilarious!
B0000TB01Y|5.0|We purchased this CD after seeing Wicked in our area and the CD goes in order of the play, so it was such a nice remembrance of the performance!  I went ahead and bought a second one for my Mom who went to the performance with us and she loves hers, too.
B0026P3G12|5.0|Susan has selected a varied group of songs, some of which surprised me -- but each one complements her smoky, expressive style in its own way.  I loved Skeeter Davis's version of \\"The End of the World\\" years ago just as Susan says she did, and Susan's treatment is equally as lovely and moving.  Her producers have evidently chosen top musicians and arrangers -- the soaring strings, simple guitar, and dramatic low throb of drum all provide a thrilling but understated background for this gifted lady.  \\"Amazing Grace\\" and \\"How Great Thou Art\\" are sung in simple, quiet fashion, much like the faith they express so eloquently.  What distinguishes Susan's voice from the many other beautiful ones out there?  She embraces each song, each phrase, and makes it her personal testament, much like Sinatra did.  I can feel heartbreak, loneliness, love for God in her words, so I share her experiences much like a best friend would.  I think that's why her fans love her so much -- we feel close to her.
B0026P3G12|5.0|Susan is wonderful in this her first CD.  I pray she is very successful and for a very long time. The songs chosen show off her voice in a very positive way.
B002OMZTSK|3.0|I bought this book because someone recommended it to me. I thought it was okay. just okay. At tmes it was a little too cheesy teen angst for me. It was mildly entertaining. decent quick 3 hour read. Prepare to be disapointed though.
1439102813|5.0|Of the 40 books I read this past year, I consider \\"Still Alice\\" to be the best book of 2009.  Reading it really provided me a great deal of insight and understanding into what kinds of things my grandmother has been going through.  Truly an amazing read.
B0008ENICU|5.0|A million times better than the recent remake. I never get tired of running this film!
B0000A118M|5.0|A LOVE SUPREME is John Coltrane's great four-part suite, recorded in February 1965. The saxophonist performs on tenor with his long-running ensemble of pianist McCoy Tyner, bassist Jimmy Garrison and drummer Elvin Jones and continues in the hard bop genre and from their last recordings, but the harmonic freedom and luminous tones are something never heard before. It is one of the first major appearances of religious devotion in Coltrane's music, which was to last until the end of his career.<br /><br />Coltrane had for nearly a decade been playing the saxophone in a highly virtuosic manner, filling his solos with 16th and 32nd notes. By the end of the first part of this suite, when the four-note theme is connected to the mantra \\"A Love Supreme\\" spoken by Coltrane (accompanied with his own voice overdubbed), then these flourishes take on an added significance. It's no surprise that Coltrane moved on to free jazz after this, because after pushing hard bop to these extremes, there would just be no other way to pursue greater expressivity. Few recordings hold within them pure religious devotion for those seeking emotional extremes and a delicious theoretical scheme and subtleties of performances for listeners who like to analyze. A LOVE SUPREME deserves to rank as one of the great jazz albums because it offers something for everyone.<br /><br />Garrison, Tyner and Jones all get to solo here (in the third part, \\"Pursuance\\") but the endless gyrations of the saxophone are what really carry this album. Still, Jones' use of a gong helps give A LOVE SUPREME a mystical atmosphere like nothing else in the quartet's catalogue.<br /><br />If you dig A LOVE SUPREME, don't be afraid to move further into the Coltrane catalogue. His next major suite [[ASIN:B000003N8P Meditations]] shows him fully into free jazz, but it isn't as vast a leap as it's often made out to be.
B002QUG6X2|5.0|Can't Slow Down is the first album I've purchased in several years that I didn't regret buying as opposed to just purchasing downloads of a couple of the best songs. The first disc of new numbers is well put together with strong rockers and ballads throughout (a couple of them could easily become heavy hitters in the rock world). The DVD of their concert tour is nearly as eventlful and exciting as actually attending one of their shows...and with a superb soundtrack!! The second disk, is the only weak spot for me...its a selection of a batch of their hits of which I already own the originals....but for someone who doesn't own them, this disk will rock their socks off. Well worth the money...several times over.  (Note to Foreigner: Please don't ever Slow Down!!!)
B0018RWD6I|5.0|A LOVE SUPREME is John Coltrane's great four-part suite, recorded in February 1965. The saxophonist performs on tenor with his long-running ensemble of pianist McCoy Tyner, bassist Jimmy Garrison and drummer Elvin Jones and continues in the hard bop genre and from their last recordings, but the harmonic freedom and luminous tones are something never heard before. It is one of the first major appearances of religious devotion in Coltrane's music, which was to last until the end of his career.<br /><br />Coltrane had for nearly a decade been playing the saxophone in a highly virtuosic manner, filling his solos with 16th and 32nd notes. By the end of the first part of this suite, when the four-note theme is connected to the mantra \\"A Love Supreme\\" spoken by Coltrane (accompanied with his own voice overdubbed), then these flourishes take on an added significance. It's no surprise that Coltrane moved on to free jazz after this, because after pushing hard bop to these extremes, there would just be no other way to pursue greater expressivity. Few recordings hold within them pure religious devotion for those seeking emotional extremes and a delicious theoretical scheme and subtleties of performances for listeners who like to analyze. A LOVE SUPREME deserves to rank as one of the great jazz albums because it offers something for everyone.<br /><br />Garrison, Tyner and Jones all get to solo here (in the third part, \\"Pursuance\\") but the endless gyrations of the saxophone are what really carry this album. Still, Jones' use of a gong helps give A LOVE SUPREME a mystical atmosphere like nothing else in the quartet's catalogue.<br /><br />If you dig A LOVE SUPREME, don't be afraid to move further into the Coltrane catalogue. His next major suite [[ASIN:B000003N8P Meditations]] shows him fully into free jazz, but it isn't as vast a leap as it's often made out to be.
B0001EFTVA|5.0|This is a brilliant take on 'Three Godfathers.' It is twisted and touching and a great introduction to Japanese animated film.
B002VPE1AM|5.0|My friend emailed me his review, to share his experience here:   Many books, audio CDs and video DVDs have been expressed by doctors, psychologists and nutrition experts about food or mental health. Avatar brings emotional health by using plant and animal fantasy far greater than Earth's ordinary plant and animal life, even though the story and characters, and soft tribal-classic music just disappear in our imagination: creating our own biographical camp adventure by imagining ourselves in Pandora. Reality of poverty, disease and work stress can be an emotional battlefield. Avatar is our emotional super-protector. Since many suburbs surrounding main cities do not have a museum, zoo and rollercoaster showground park in each area, I believe many viewers on a low budget have no other choice but to see Avatar again because travelling long distance to reach one of the desired places can use up money fast. I saw Avatar in RealD 3D at a cinema-joined shopping mall just walking distance from where I live. The 3D experience was like a dreamy journey through some Disneyland show. I usually forget some of the story and miss most of the words said by actors. I would have to buy the DVD when it is released later this year - when the price has dropped from $30 to $20 or under (Australian dollars).
006135323X|4.0|What is our motivation in the behaviour in the market?<br />The action rationality follows by the comparation of similar goods.<br />The increasing of payments is proportional to the utility of an achievement respect other choices.<br />The auctor pones us the problem following: as the initial decision can be translated in a long-term trend?<br />The logical process making it to happen is very complex, because, also it is based on irrationality, can be composed by several steps.<br />The stathistics that study the different factors who move a process are very accurate.<br />In fact the logic of behaviour is a complex mix of sentiment and mathematics.
B002BSHWUU|5.0|Hi Amazon.com , i really liked the awesome box set, i love beatles and i'm very happy that bought all the CDs have been so easy and cheap, thank you! wish i need use your service again.
B002KDUDG6|3.0|Great CD.  The new mix for CRY ME A RIVER is amazing. It sounds like a Bond theme.
B000M2E42G|5.0|Although it doesn't have every Bruce song I would like there is no other compilation that can beat this one!
B0026P3G12|3.0|I bought the CD for my mom.  Who hasn't?  She listens to it even twice a day, says it relaxes her.  Ms Boyle does have a lovely voive, sexy at times, some songs are really good, but on some she sounds a tad flat.  Not that my mother cares.  Wild Horses is my favorite song on the CD.
B002LMOCJ0|4.0|the extras are nice,<br />but my clerks x dvd looks a heck of a lot better on my hdtv.
B0015OKWL2|4.0|De Niro and Pacino don't disappoint as a pair of hardened, slightly \\"off-kilter\\" cops with DeNiro, in particular, appearing to be a head case, a character whose interest in police work, it's strongly implied, is directly traceable to a strong, explosive, sado-masochistic strain in his relation not just to the bad guys but to authority and women.  The problem with the film is the length to which it goes (\\"whatever it takes\\") to hook the viewer and keep him snapping at the bait.<br /><br />All films are manipulative, but problems arise when the manipulation is totally contrary to the viewer's expectations and trust.  It's one thing to see a sci-fi space fantasy in 3-D (in which case, I say \\"make me a passenger on your psychedelic roller coaster--sweep me into some other world or orbit\\"), but it's quite another to confront what is represented as a \\"realistic\\" police drama, purporting, moreover, to take us into the psyches of the main characters.  In this latter case, we as viewers have no choice but to invest our trust in the director and his devices--above all in the accuracy of the fictive world along with the boundaries and signposts that have been established as standards of judgment,  enabling the viewer to make sense of the characters and the \\"reality\\" they function in.  Unfortunately, in the case of \\"Righteous Kill\\" that trust is totally violated.<br /><br /> When a film opens with a character giving a testimony, as if under oath, then that same character necessarily comes to serve as our sole reference for the reliability, or \\"verisimilitude,\\" of the world of the film.  He becomes our eyes, our standard of reference, our \\"point of view\\" in place of the objective camera lens.  If at the end of the film, that character suddenly tells us that he's lied to us from the first frame, we may not exactly have cause to ask for a refund (all great fiction amounts to a \\"lie that tells the truth\\"), but we do have a right to feel, if not betrayed, a trifled disappointed and irritated.  Imagine Jane Austen saving the last sentence of \\"Pride and Prejudice\\" for a statement such as: \\"By the way, everything I've just written about Elizabeth Bennett in the foregoing 300 pages is a complete lie.  She's a horrible person who can be expected to behave toward Darcy as Lady Macbeth did to Macbeth.\\"<br /><br />Manipulation is one thing (Wayne Booth, a former teacher of mine, calls it the \\"rhetoric of fiction\\"), but outright deception feels less like influencing or even tricking the witness (i.e. you and me) than plain and simple \\"cheating.\\"  In a good movie (Hitchcock is always a reliable example) the director and the viewer are engaged in a game, or even a contest, the spectator getting many of his kicks from trying to stay a step ahead of the director.  It can be fun, even exhilarating, entertainment--you win a few, you lose a few.  But say the director--for example, Billy Wilder at the end of \\"Double Indemnity\\"--suddenly reveals that everything you've heard from Fred MacMurray is the exact opposite of the story you \\"thought\\" you had just heard.  That's not mere \\"manipulation\\": that's substituting another movie for the one you've just seen!  (Reminds me of Humphrey Bogart and the \\"African Queen\\" making a brief appearance in the desert in Bing Crosby-Bob Hope's \\"Road to Bali.\\"  But in that instance, our expectations have been conditioned to accept such absurdities. In the case of \\"Righteous Kill,\\" I wasn't adequately prepared to expect the same sorts of absurdities.  You might even say that the \\"righteous\\" one is the director, who self-servingly abuses his authority (or \\"author\\"-ship) in what amounts to a regrettable \\"breach of trust\\" from the viewer's point of view.<br /><br />Why 4 stars?  Frankly, I'm not sure (you're free to go much lower, or even higher).  The film did hold my interest, and it had me guessing throughout, with some juicy Hitchcock-worthy red herrings (until the very end, when I felt like I'd been watching the wrong movie).  Moreover, Deniro and Pacino are great actors individually and collectively, and both are on their game; both \\"age well\\" and, if the script deserves some blame, it should not be at the expense of the actors.  Finally, I would rather be lied to by an otherwise intelligent movie than patronized and insulted. Too many movies are formulaic commodities designed, with Pavolian, formulaic, marketplace certainty, to empty the consumer's wallet.  \\"Righteous Kill\\" never stoops that low.<br /><br />Finally, one of the respected, \\"classic\\" films of all time--hated by the Marxist director Eisenstein but practically serving as the prototype of German psychoanalytic cinema--is \\"The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari.\\"  It pulls much the same trick as \\"Righteous Kill,\\" waiting until the film's final moment to reveal that the film's narrator, in whom we as spectators have necessarily placed our trust, is in fact a mad man in an insane asylum.  What's the difference?  Is there a difference?  For one thing, whereas Caligari gives us an apparently sane narrator who proves a lunatic, \\"Righteous Kill\\" gives us an apparently semi-pathological narrator who, ultimately, proves an \\"all right\\" kind of guy.<br /><br />Perhaps the main difference is that \\"Caligari\\" has a message about an insane, paranoid, totalitarian world: it's use of the deceptive narrator is integral with, if not crucial to, that message.  The film seems to want us to recognize the wolf in sheep's clothing or, in this instance, the pending Hitler who at first seems so seductively rational.  \\"Righteous Kill,\\" on the other hand, has no such message--or, if one insists, the film says no more than \\"guys who seem sinister, tough or plain nasty can turn out O.K. if you wait until the end of the movie.\\"  Similar, perhaps, to \\"Caligari\\" but not quite the same--and not quite enough.are great actors individually and collectively, and both are on their game; both \\"age well\\" and, if the script deserves some blame, it should not be at the expense of the actors.  Finally, I would rather be lied to by an otherwise intelligent movie than patronized and insulted. Too many movies are formulaic commodities designed, with Pavolian, formulaic, marketplace certainty, to empty the consumer's wallet.  \\"Righteous Kill\\" never stoops that low.     Finally, one of the respected, \\"classic\\" films of all time--hated by the Marxist director Eisenstein but practically serving as the prototype of German psychoanalytic cinema--is \\"The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari.\\"  It pulls much the same trick as \\"Righteous Kill,\\" waiting until the film's final moment to reveal that the film's narrator, in whom we as spectators have necessarily placed our trust, is in fact a mad man in an insane asylum.  What's the difference?  Is there a difference?  For one thing, whereas Caligari gives us an apparently sane narrator who proves a lunatic, \\"Righteous Kill\\" gives us an apparently semi-pathological narrator who, ultimately, proves an \\"all right\\" kind of guy.      Perhaps the main difference is that \\"Caligari\\" has a message about an insane, paranoid, totalitarian world: it's use of the deceptive narrator is integral with, if not crucial to, that message.  The film seems to want us to recognize the wolf in sheep's clothing or, in this instance, the pending Hitler who at first seems so seductively rational.  \\"Righteous Kill,\\" on the other hand, has no such message--or, if one insists, the film says no more than \\"guys who seem sinister, tough or plain nasty can turn out O.K. if you wait until the end of the movie.\\"  Similar, perhaps, to \\"Caligari\\" but not quite the same--and not quite enough.
B002NPUCRQ|4.0|I bought the CD for my 9 year old daughter after we've been hearing Love story on the radio.  The songs are pretty catchy and you have to give credit to Swift that wrote almost all the music on the CD. The enhanced version is worth the money for the extra songs and the DVD.
B002PJ4H0I|5.0|Sashenka is a fabulous work of historical fiction. Way more historical than fiction. Simon Sebag Montefiore is not only an exceptional historian. He has written an amazing novel. I believe his wife is a well known author of romance novels. Perhaps marrying well enables academic scholars to excel in other genres. Regardless, I highly recommend this book for anyone who feels the slightest bit of nostalgia for the former Soviet Union, Marxism, Stalinism or its various manifestations. Clearly, the Russian Revolution devoured its own and many, many more. We still live with the consequences of this evil system. Sashenka would make a great movie though I doubt anti-anti-Communist Hollywood would ever touch it.
B000ZELISO|5.0|Great Movie a must see for Potter fans.  I can't wait for the last two movies.
0670021652|1.0|I bought my Kindle to get my books for 9.99. So why the 12.15 price? They can keep the book!
B002Z7FWBI|5.0|A couple of years ago WB Home Video put out the Ultimate Dirty Harry Collection and this appears to be a paired down version of that.  Lacking a few of the extras -- the book, Biography special on Eastwood, Callahan's badge -- it is cheaper.  If you don't already have these films, this is a pretty inexpensive way to do so.  You do get the commentaries, special on the film Dirty Harry as well as the retrospective The Long Shadow of Dirty Harry -- \\"I like tough on criminals.  I hunt them with a big gun so when I shoot them they fall down.\\"  John Milius' take on the character of Harry Callahan.  The films: DIRTY HARRY ( classic )and four pretty entertaining sequels. A good edition to any library. Only Big Clint can fire that cannon with one hand, let alone the .44 Auto Mag. The pistol was the product of early 1970's technology. Built to withstand internal pressures greater than those generated by a bolt action rifle. It fired a custom round which was a .44 bullet shoved into a cut-down .308 Winchester cartridge to give extra gunpowder, making it a really hot load.  Watch closely in Sudden Impact and when Clint is target shooting you will see flames coming out of the barrel and ejection port. In Magnum Force you get a group of killer cops and future stars: David Soul (Starsky & Hutch), Tim Matheson (Animal House) and Robert Urich (Vegas and Spencer for Hire). Look closely at the Dead Pool and a drugged out rock star, Jim Carrey. Go ahead, make your day. *** This collection only lacks the Callahan badge, the map of Scorpio's killings.  Other than that, it IS the Ultimate Dirty Harry Collection and a better bargain.  As for the Blu Ray.  It looks great on my 1080.  Those who tell you keep your conventional DVDs need to pull their heads out of their asses.  These films have never looked greater. DIRTY HARRY has all the special features from the original set. The best of Dirty Harry!
B000054OTY|5.0|No review.  Given the reviews, why hasn't someone done a better transfer to DVD?
B002BSHWUU|5.0|Very Good with all the remasterized album, although, in my opinion, presentation is very poor with all the albums stock horizontally and if you want to listen to the 7th you have to get out all the other 6th , as well as is not that good for storage.  It might be a stupid remark, but for that price one could expect a much better presentation than just a simple box.
B0026P3G12|4.0|After all the hype and carryings-on, it's good she managed to produce an album so speedily. And it more or less proves she's no flash in the pan. Perhaps with so much bally-hoo, she'll learn, grow and expand her repertoire. But what a voice to be privileged to hear.
B001U0HBPG|5.0|Let me preface this review with the fact that our family has a connection to the New Orleans culture and lifestyle; my in-laws live in Baton Rouge and live the quintessential southern lifestyle, so watching this reminds me and my husband of our all-too-infrequent trips down South.  Watching this movie transports you to so many places during so many eras:  New Orleans of course, but also WWI & WWII, France, New York, the Florida Keys, Russia, Pitt's post-college-esque journey around the world; any person who likes culture and travel would enjoy it.  I'm particularly fond of southern culture so it has extra appeal in that aspect.<br /><br />The casting is sublime and while I enjoyed Cate Blanchett, Taraji P. Henson and Tilda Swinton, I think Brad Pitt made the movie; the transformation from decrepit man to the handsome man we met in movies such as Seven Years in Tibet was amazing.  The fact that he is largely known for his looks makes the subtle humor that much funnier.  He is absolutely pitch perfect at portraying a \\"teenager\\" coming home past curfew after his drunken night at a brothel or as a young boy playing with army men or listening to bedtime stories.<br /><br />The makeup and cinematography were nothing short of spectacular.  I was shocked to discover that the bed-ridden dying woman at the beginning actually is Cate Blanchett; I was sure it was another (much older) actress.  I want the secret serum they used on both Pitt and Blanchett to remove 20 years from their already beautiful faces.<br /><br />We enjoyed the intertwining of a classic story with real-world events of today; having Hurricane Katrina as the prelude to the main story gives the movie an air of tangibility that would otherwise be lacking.<br /><br />We own maybe 20 movies; this will most certainly be another.  The recurring themes:  aging, death, love and enjoying the journey of life are not as heavy as they may sound.  It simply describes life as a course to be run, regardless of the bumps in the road.  I particuarly like the refreshing notion that there is nothing wrong with old age.<br /><br />While a bit long (2:45), I never found myself bored and saw it in the theatre and a few times since.  It covers so many eras that it feels more like 10 chapters in a longer novel rather than one long monotonous story plot that drones on.the refreshing notion that there is nothing wrong with old age.    While a bit long (2:45), I never found myself bored and saw it in the theatre and a few times since.  It covers so many eras that it feels more like 10 chapters in a longer novel rather than one long monotonous story plot that drones on.
B001DJ7PQ4|5.0|WE are big fans of Doctor Who and cannot get enough. Our entire family loves this show!
B002Q4U9YU|5.0|I purchased this CD as a Christmas Gift for my son. He loves the CD so I couldn't be happier.
037571457X|5.0|This quirky and intense autobiographical b/w graphic novel tells of the author's childhood in Iran beginning during the fall of the Shah in 1980. In the opening scene, Satrapi and her schoolmates romp in the playground, using the veils that the school has just issued them as toys.<br /><br />Her parents are active in the revolution against the Shah's government. Satrapi herself is a descendant of the last emperor of Iran. Her wealthy socialist parents attend demonstrations and educate their daughter in Marxism even as she daydreams of becoming a prophet.<br /><br />But as the revolution progresses, the Islamist forces turn sentiment against the wealthy and the intellectuals, and Satrapi's family becomes the target of repressive forces.<br /><br />Satrapi listens to smuggled tapes of Michael Jackson, Iron Maiden, and Kim Wilde while the war with Iraq devastates the country and her parents become increasingly desperate to find a way to protect her.<br /><br />The black and white art, in small simple panels, is stark and effective, conveying a world that has become a bizarre and unfamiliar cartoon to a girl whose childhood had been one of love, learning, and safety. Much of what Satrapi experiences is the same for teenagers everywhere, and the mix of the familiarity and the surreal is what gives this story much of its power.
0879306033|5.0|This Book impressed me so much when I first saw it...priceless pictures of EMS and synthesizers in luscious color...frozen in time. It focuses on examining the specific rise and falls of a few of the major analog synthesizer manufacturers from the 70's and 80's. It has great details on ARP, EML, EMS, PPG,Oberheim, and of course..Moog. I can't say enough positive things about it.
B002SJIO4A|5.0|Neill Blomkamp's ambition to do something different with the timehonored alien contact theme made \\"District 9\\" the best science fiction film of the decade. He wanted to make a movie in which aliens visit the developing world instead of a First World metropolis. And he wanted the aliens to be neither conquerors nor enlightened idealists come to set humans on the right path. Blomkamp grew up in South Africa, so he chose Johannesburg. He lived there during the Apartheid years, so he placed the action in Soweto and, with co-writer Teri Tatchell, constructed a plot inspired by the civil unrest that inevitably occurs when the upwardly mobile segments of society must face the violence and destitution that plagues the populations of their slums, townships, favellos, shantytowns, refugee camps, etc. and spills over into middle class lives.<br /><br />Twenty years ago, a spacecraft came to rest over Johannesburg. When months pass with no action, humans force their way inside. What they find is horrific: A million aliens starving, aimless, and apparently unable to operate the craft. The aliens are evacuated to a holding camp, District 9, where they are fed, but it is not clear what should be done with them. Nicknamed \\"Prawns\\" due to their crustacean-like appearance, the aliens seem to require leaders in order to function, like an insect colony, and their leadership perished in whatever catastrophe befell the spaceship. Now they are violent, disorganized, and a menace to society. It is determined that the aliens cannot integrate with humans. Their ship won't work, so they can't leave. The private military Multi-National United (MNU) that has been hired to contain the aliens now has the job of evicting them from District 9 to a camp farther removed from the human population.<br /><br />The man in charge of the operation is Wikus van de Merwe (Sharlto Copley), a bureaucrat of little talent who owes his career to his domineering father-in-law, MNU's CEO. As we might expect, the removal of the aliens does not go off without a hitch. It turns out to be an especially big hitch for Wikus van der Merwe. Like all good science fiction, \\"District 9\\" is allegory. We might think we recognize the theme right away, but it turns out not to be as simple or clich&eacute;d as it first appeared. That's what makes \\"District 9\\" a great movie. Many a Third World Marxist have made films about populations who live on the fringes of society in destitution, unable to put themselves on the road to prosperity, so instead fall victim to cycles of violence. Those films are simplistic to the point of disingenuous. They don't intend to make people think, but simply to scold the bourgeoisie. They're unwatchable.<br /><br />\\"District 9\\" is an action movie. It has a lot of sheer entertainment value. That helps. But where it departs from the standard impoverished immigrant population versus middle class xenophobia paradigm is daring: Neill Blomkamp dares to make everyone unlikable. In forcing the audience to sympathize with the characters' situation, not with the characters themselves, \\"District 9\\" turns the tables, not just on conventions of filmmaking, but on moral laziness.<br /><br />Wikus van de Merwe is not an Everyman that Harrison Ford or Bruce Willis would play, a man who looks ordinary but takes on superhuman resilience and lofty ideals when faced with adversity. They are what the audience likes to imagine themselves to be. Wikus is a sniveling bureaucrat. He's a nice enough guy. But he's selfish. He couldn't care less about the ethics of his job, as long as he collects a paycheck and goes home to the wife he adores. He's a real Everyman. He's not what the audience wants to be; he's what the audience is. He's not admirable, but he is so real that everyone can understand how he must feel. And everyone can understand that he shouldn't be treated the way he is, even though Wikus would (and does) turn a blind eye to that kind of treatment if someone else were on the receiving end.<br /><br />The Prawns are victims of countless human and civil rights violations. But the human populace has genuine reason to fear them. Whatever they might have been when they had leadership, without it they run riot. They steal; they kill; they don't like humans. They cannot be blamed for disliking humans, but neither could they realistically be integrated into human society. They're not sympathetic. They appear no better than their human oppressors, maybe worse. The alien called \\"Christopher\\" has some qualities that we might admire, but the Prawns generally do not. But we can sympathize with their situation, all while disliking them. They're very far from their own culture, without the means they need to function productively, and they are being treated like vermin. \\"District 9\\" doesn't let the audience off the hook for thinking that we can throw the concept of rights out the window because we fear someone, no matter how justified that fear may be.<br /><br />Maybe I am alone in this, but I am disturbed by the facile morality-by-emotional-response that I see so often. Writers and filmmakers have the idea that the way to make people examine the ethics of a situation or to understand another point of view is to make the \\"other\\" population like ourselves. If we can see ourselves in them, then they must be worthy of ethical treatment, or their point of view may be worthy of consideration. Films are certainly successful in employing this technique, and people do have a natural \\"like me\\" or \\"unlike me\\" reaction when confronted with something new, but that doesn't mean it is an acceptable standard for behavior. If people can't figure out how to act ethically when faced with someone they don't like or can't understand, we have a serious problem. That's not rational or moral behavior; it's self-indulgence. \\"District 9\\" doesn't take the easy way out. It gets the audience to come down on the side of ethics when faced with a muddy situation and a dangerous and incomprehensible enemy.<br /><br />\\"District 9\\" presents itself in the style of a documentary made after the events take place. It departs from documentary mode into a more cinematic style for action that the documentary crew obviously wouldn't see. But a lot of the film is handheld, so if a shaky camera makes you nauseated, you will need Dramamine. I did not find \\"District 9\\" to be as shaky as \\"The Bourne Supremacy\\" or any number of low-budget \\"independent\\" films. At least there is a reason for the shakiness, as the documentary crew is tromping around the slums. I also liked the fact that the violent action seemed plausible (not considering the alien technology), as it is not unheard of for military or heavily armed police to enter slums, nor for the residents to be heavily armed. It's a welcome respite from trucks and airplanes engaged in high speed chases on the freeway or downtown office buildings exploding with pretty fireballs perfectly synchronized to the score.<br /><br />The DVD (Sony 2009 single disc): Bonus features are 22 deleted scenes, one featurette, and an audio commentary. \\"The Alien Agenda: A Filmmaker's Log\\" (33 min) has 3 chapters, one about pre-production and the concept that became \\"District 9\\" (7 ½ min), the second about shooting the film (16 min), and the third about post-production, including sound design and editing (9 min). Director Neill Blomkamp, producer Peter Jackson, co-writer Teri Tatchell, the creative crew, and cast are interviewed. Neill Blomkamp's audio commentary is constant and addresses the sociopolitical themes and how they relate to South Africa. He also talks about locations, filming, a lot of technical detail  of both big and small elements of the film. Subtitles for t he film are available in English SDH and French. Dubbing is available in French and English DVS.ms of countless human and civil rights violations. But the human populace has genuine reason to fear them. Whatever they might have been when they had leadership, without it they run riot. They steal; they kill; they don't like humans. They cannot be blamed for disliking humans, but neither could they realistically be integrated into human society. They're not sympathetic. They appear no better than their human oppressors, maybe worse. The alien called \\"Christopher\\" has some qualities that we might admire, but the Prawns generally do not. But we can sympathize with their situation, all while disliking them. They're very far from their own culture, without the means they need to function productively, and they are being treated like vermin. \\"District 9\\" doesn't let the audience off the hook for thinking that we can throw the concept of rights out the window because we fear someone, no matter how justified that fear may be.    Maybe I am alone in this, but I am disturbed by the facile morality-by-emotional-response that I see so often. Writers and filmmakers have the idea that the way to make people examine the ethics of a situation or to understand another point of view is to make the \\"other\\" population like ourselves. If we can see ourselves in them, then they must be worthy of ethical treatment, or their point of view may be worthy of consideration. Films are certainly successful in employing this technique, and people do have a natural \\"like me\\" or \\"unlike me\\" reaction when confronted with something new, but that doesn't mean it is an acceptable standard for behavior. If people can't figure out how to act ethically when faced with someone they don't like or can't understand, we have a serious problem. That's not rational or moral behavior; it's self-indulgence. \\"District 9\\" doesn't take the easy way out. It gets the audience to come down on the side of ethics when faced with a muddy situation and a dangerous and incomprehensible enemy.    \\"District 9\\" presents itself in the style of a documentary made after the events take place. It departs from documentary mode into a more cinematic style for action that the documentary crew obviously wouldn't see. But a lot of the film is handheld, so if a shaky camera makes you nauseated, you will need Dramamine. I did not find \\"District 9\\" to be as shaky as \\"The Bourne Supremacy\\" or any number of low-budget \\"independent\\" films. At least there is a reason for the shakiness, as the documentary crew is tromping around the slums. I also liked the fact that the violent action seemed plausible (not considering the alien technology), as it is not unheard of for military or heavily armed police to enter slums, nor for the residents to be heavily armed. It's a welcome respite from trucks and airplanes engaged in high speed chases on the freeway or downtown office buildings exploding with pretty fireballs perfectly synchronized to the score.    The DVD (Sony 2009 single disc): Bonus features are 22 deleted scenes, one featurette, and an audio commentary. \\"The Alien Agenda: A Filmmaker's Log\\" (33 min) has 3 chapters, one about pre-production and the concept that became \\"District 9\\" (7 ½ min), the second about shooting the film (16 min), and the third about post-production, including sound design and editing (9 min). Director Neill Blomkamp, producer Peter Jackson, co-writer Teri Tatchell, the creative crew, and cast are interviewed. Neill Blomkamp's audio commentary is constant and addresses the sociopolitical themes and how they relate to South Africa. He also talks about locations, filming, a lot of technical detail  of both big and small elements of the film. Subtitles for t he film are available in English SDH and French. Dubbing is available in French and English DVS.
0061849901|4.0|How depression feels to a young woman trying to make it throught the obstacle course of life.  Imminently readable but a heroic tragedy just the same.  An intelligent woman who left her mark on the world while a disease attacks and confuses her at every turn.  Note that she concentrates on the negative and ignores most of the positive--classic symptoms of depression, in additon to frequent crying and sleepiness.  For a brief moment she stood at the mountain peak--the toast of the town.  Very sad.
0887307280|5.0|This to me is the small business bible. It is the first book any small business owner should purchase. It basically liberates you from being a slave of your business to actually being a business \\"owner\\". The book totally changes your perception on what it means to own your own business by \\"working on your business not working in it\\". It is a must read for any small business owner wanting to grow their business beyond the first store. I own a small quickservice restaurant and until I read this book I was working 25 hour days. The book teaches you how there are multiple roles to fullfill in a business and until you can identify, manage and delegate each by creating a systematic prototype as do franchises, one will always stay in store #1.
B002IR3PSC|4.0|Bought this for hubby who was a huge Tull Head back in the day. Musicly this is a great DVD. The thing I didn't like about it is that there is only 1 hour of filmed footage and the rest is audio footage with pictures that scroll along as the music plays. Either I didn't read the description well enough or I just plain missed the fact that they told that in the description. Over all very god and I would reccomend this DVD.
0385523904|5.0|Barbara Demick's \\"Nothing to Envy: Ordinary Lives in North Korea\\" is a masterfully written and absolutely mesmerizing book, displaying life in the DPRK through the lives of six defectors as they struggled to survive the devastating famine of the 1990s.     The author has weaved six lives together to portray the average North Korean's daily life. To corroborate the results of her various interviews the book's defectors all come from the city of Chongjin in northeastern North Korea, the region perhaps hardest hit by the famine during the nineties. The personal tales portrayed are unforgettable: the schoolteacher whose kindergarten class shrinks as the food shortage grows worse, the doctor who realizes dogs in China eat better than she did back home, and the good communist mother who loses half of her family, including her husband and son, within three years to starvation. The defectors all escaped North Korea of course, but all at tragic personal cost.    Demick's writing is so vivid one feels as if there with the characters in the stifling summer heat of the Koreas, in the illegal markets scrounging for food, in the listless train stations where dozens simply languish with nowhere else to go. The breakdown of tightly-wound social order is deftly told with scenes that etch pain into the reader's conscience, from the corpse in the train car riding with the living to an orphan's realization that his father and brother are probably long since dead and buried in a mass grave.    \\"Nothing to Envy\\" opens a door into the hitherto hermetically-sealed communist nation, bringing to the English-speaking world a riveting, eye-level look at a country that remains literally a dark spot on the global map.
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|Im sorry but i felt like a child tearing through the mail for this dvd. Came on time and loveeeeeeeeeee itttttttttttttttt.<br />Im looking foward to purchasing this past seasons because I love the show. there werent any scratches or marks on the dvd. Its worth the price I paid.
B001F0VHEM|5.0|Great product for a great price. I love Amazon since we don't have a CD store in our area with explicit lyrics!!!!
B000L3CHC0|5.0|I am a huge watch hound, yet my modest income does not allow me to purchase Tag Hauer, Omega, Rolex, or any of these other $1000+ brands.  So I wanted a quality Swiss timepiece that is stylish and classy.  This watch is simply amazing.  Solid construction, gorgeous black face with white and a touch of yellow accents.  It goes with jeans or a suit.  It keeps superbly accurate time and has dials for several other timekeeping functions.  I wear this one more than any other watch.  My only beef is that I cannot get it sized perfectly so I have to leave it a touch loose.  If you seem to have the same problem, Dolce and Gabbana make watches that when adjusted fit my wrist size perfectly.  Other than that, I am pleased with the brand.  My next purchase may be a Tissot with a different style of band.
B0015DWJX2|4.0|What a charming way to present your story.  I have finished these letters and only want to be privy to more...I want them to continue.  Just a delight to read and I am still smiling at the fact that I was laughing out loud at times as I read.  Thank you...  linda d.
B002NUULNG|5.0|I own three versions of this film: the Special Edition DVD Ghost in the Shell ([[ASIN:B0002RQ2T4 Ghost in the Shell (Special Edition)]]), the original DVD release ([[ASIN:6304493681 Ghost in the Shell]]) and this version, the 2.0 Blu-Ray release.  There are some flaws with the Blu-Ray, but they mainly have to do with it not being such a 'special' release.  But being a huge fan, I can't help but purchase each re-release!<br /><br />The HD transfer was very well done, and most of the CG 'updating' was just replacing the old mid 90s CG with some newer CG so it doesn't look so outdated.  I don't have a problem with that as long as they aren't doing the 'George Lucas treatment' by adding in whole new scenes.  But replacing a rather dated looking CG helicopter with a newer CG rendering is not a deal breaker in my opinion.  Other than that, there are some 'tweaks' to the resolution.  Nothing that really changes anything, but along the lines of when someone like Criterion takes an old film from the 30s or 40s and cleans the resolution for newer digital formats.  You don't feel like you're watching a VHS film 'copied' onto a DVD like many of the DVD re-releases of 90s anime.  Instead you feel like watching an animation that had been intended to be digital all along.<br /><br />The audio is the best and most noticeable improvement over the DVD.  The score has been remastered and the Japanese voice acting completely re-done.  And for the better in my opinion.  The new voice acting is terrific.  I have listened to it briefly with the English dubbing, but I feel the Japanese voice acting lends a more serious and authentic tone to this film.<br /><br />So basically with the new and updated resolution and sound you aren't really watching the 'original' film.  Just the plot and basic settings remain the same.  Upon watching the oldest version I have (the original DVD release) you really see the improvements made.<br /><br />Would I recommend purchasing this version?  Yes.  I wouldn't say it's the purest version (the original DVD takes that honor, since it is the exact version that was released in theaters in Japan and later onto VHS - which I used to own! But tossed since I don't have a VHS anymore).  But this is probably the 'best' version of the actual film.  There aren't really too many extras sadly.  The DVD Special Edition seemed to have more.  But for a very high quality version with improved voice acting and sound, this is a winner.  If you haven't seen the previous versions, this is a worthy place to start.  If you are a purist, then you probably won't like this version.  But if you can accept what the studio was attempting, then you can appreciate this version.<br /><br />If you don't know Ghost in the Shell... what it refers to is an artificial intelligence becoming sentient in an artificial body.  Basically the 'ghost' is a person's soul.  The shell is the prosthetic or artificial body.  In the near future humans have the ability to transfer their brain into prosthetic bodies.  The brain retains their soul or 'ghost'.  Not everyone has the ability or funds to accomplish this, so the vast majority of people are still in their original bodies.  But many (most) people have wired implants to allow them to be online in a kind of virtual net.  Eerie!<br /><br />The plot here begins when a prosthetic body acquires a 'ghost' or at least is thought to have.  Enter the Puppet Master.  So section 9, a kind of cyber police special force, gets assigned to the case.  So the team starts to unravel the plot and ends up crossing into dangerous territory.  The lines between right and wrong, friend and foe, and good and evil become blurred.  The film raises tons of philosophical questions.  Despite some scenes with a somewhat slower pace and lots of conversation (such as near the end), it never comes off as boring.  The finale is very well done and the ending is very well done. (No spoilers!)<br /><br />This is a very cerebral film, and one that encourages thought and reflection.  It is also rewarding of multiple viewings.  Each time I watch it I notice something a little extra, or at least it gives me pause to think.<br /><br />The film and the new HD transfer I give 5 stars.  For special features and extras I give two stars!ngs.  Each time I watch it I notice something a little extra, or at least it gives me pause to think.  The film and the new HD transfer I give 5 stars.  For special features and extras I give two stars!
B001P3SA8U|4.0|I, like most everyone assumed that this film sucked because the critics said so and because this film flopped at the box office with comparisons to Dream Girls.  I JUST got around to watching this and I must say that it was great.  Jeffry Wright is indeed a GREAT actor - I WILL say better than Denzel or whoever is the best male actor out.  Whatever role he plays, you are thinking of that character, not the actor.  Too many 'actors' play a role, but you are thinking, \\"that's Will Smith\\" or \\"that's Brad Pitt.\\"  Wright is Wright on!    First, I heard of Muddy Waters, Little Walter Etta James and of course Chuck Berry, but Chuck is the only one who's songs I was aware of.  I knew next to nothing about the others except that British rock groups always paid homage to Muddy Waters as influence.  So if nothing else, movies like these helped to shine a light on these acts and make those of us not in the know aware of their music.    I watched, and as I always do, I like to research to see how much was true and what the people actually looked like.  I knew what Etta and Chuck looked like before hand, but not the rest.  I can say that for once a film got people who actually looked like the people!  People say that Beyonce cannot act, but she did a respectable job.  Mos-Def as Chuck Berry was good as they have similar features.  Mos Def did a great job.  Remember - he was an actor BEFORE he became a rapper!    One thing I noticed, but was not surprised about was the Chess brothers and the film referring to him as white, but not noting that he (they) were Jewish, which they seem to dominate the music business and were instrumental in ripping off black artist - which they did show, just not in the name of Jews.  They also showed how white artists stole from them which is good.  As years continue to go by, history keeps being change so that Rock starts with Elvis and is further refined by The Beatles.  It appears as if only the British artist acknowledge the source - black America, while white America likes to take and dismiss black creativity.  I suppose this is why British artist are better at rock than most white Americans.      Great film, truer to real life than many films and if nothing else, is great for the historical record for where rock and other musics came from.  Without black America, there would be no unique American culture.  We would be like Australia - without the American influence.
0307408833|1.0|I recently went off dairy because my breastfed daughter is allergic to dairy.  I am not vegan.  I have been craving desserts and got this book as a Christmas gift.  I was excited, but now I am disappointed.  I spent a lot of time and money making the carrot cupcakes.  It took a while just to gather all of the unusual, pricey ingredients.  I followed the instructions as precisely as I could.  The vanilla frosting is not even palatable.  The dominant flavor is soy flour, which must be an acquired taste.  The texture is thick and pasty, though perhaps a different type of coconut oil would have worked better.  The cupcakes themselves taste like bad diet food with an odd flavor and an unpleasant aftertaste.  I can only assume that these cupcakes are only passable to people who have never tasted normal desserts?  I won't be wasting my time and money on any more recipes from this book.
0786868724|5.0|Have always like Mr. Albom's books and was not disappointed by this one either.  I feel like it ranks right up there with all his books.  Will patiently wait till his next book comes out and am sure I will enjoy it as much as I have all the other ones.
B001E1DJD4|5.0|This is a concept CD, where she divided it into separate discs.  1st disc is about the emotions of breaking up with someone.  There are nine songs on this part(actually 10, there is a hidden song after the alleged last one \\"Horizon\\", after about 5 minutes of silence.  The second disc is more about resurrection and taking back control.  Beware the 4-letter words.  A very emotional singer with a deep, dusky, alto voice.  Despite the very angry words, the music will put you to sleep at night.  Very emotional songs, be prepared.  Very introspective also.
B000MG1ZFQ|5.0|Alot of Doors fans will list this album as thier least favorite Doors album.And why because the Doors did the unforgiveable sin of putting strings and orchestration on this album.Heaven forbid.Actually I dont know what the big deal is.When I was a sophmore in High school out came Touch me and I really love it.I remember seeing them do it on tv and the next day at school some kids were saying how cool it was.Then out came Wishful sinful with the non lp track Who scaerd you on the flip side.I always felt it should have been part of the album,and am glad theyve put it on as a bonus track.Then next came Tell all the people and later on Runnin blue.I borrowed my friends album since I was too broke to buy my own.I loved it so much I played it to death.I would say this is my second favorite Doors album after the first one.Since they keep putting out a newer remastered version Ive bought three copies of this and can tell the difference on this one.The clarity of the instruments and Morrisons voice is amazing.I still have the vinyl copy I found one day at Woolworths for two dollars and have all four 45s from it.
B0026P3G12|5.0|Love it, love it, love it! This wonderful lady is awesome and I hope she keeps on singing. Not only does she have an angelic voice, but she is a glorious inspiration to us all. I am so proud of her! I can't wait for her next album to come out-
B002UJIY70|4.0|I've always liked Milla Jovovich and could \\"stand\\" Steve Zahn - this was a nice change as both (as well as the supporting cast) all pulled off their roles nicely (it was also nice to see Zahn in this type of role as he always seems to be cast as the goofy guy).<br /><br />I found the story to be good - it had me guessing throughout and I definitely didn't see the twist coming (although if you're reading this - DON'T look at the \\"Stills from A Perfect Getaway\\" on the Amazon description!). I thought it was all paced nicely except for the ending (a \\"what happened\\" montage seemed to run on a bit too long). Overall a good movie - much better than some of the other reviews would have you believe (at least to me!)<br /><br />The Blu-Ray looked fantastic - lots of detail in every scene and the color/scenery looked great throughout (nicely saturation). Very little noticeable grain (and not distracting). Sound was also very good throughout.<br /><br />The disappointment with the Blu-Ray (and DVD) comes in terms of the special features - it has the \\"Unrated directors cut\\" (as well as theatrical version) and an original ending. No commentary, no U-Control picture in picture, no behind the scenes, no outtakes. Nothing! Would've loved a cast commentary for this one - also would've liked to have seen a behind the scenes showing the various locations. Aside from the extras, everything else was great. Recommended!
B002HNA95O|4.0|First of all, I only have the one compact disc collection. There are two choices either one compact disc or both which features Erotica. Sadly, I don't have that one with two discs. There are might be other songs in the 2 disc collection than this one. Actually, my sister bought this collection disc. If I had a choice, I would have gotten the two disc collection.    I found it interesting that this collection doesn't feature Madonna's racy song, \\"Erotica,\\" in the mix of her greatest hits. Maybe Celebration wasn't supposed to be her greatest hits compilation but I think Erotica should be on this collection because it was one of her best hits. She always broke ground with songs like \\"Like a Virgin,\\" \\"Like a Prayer,\\" Papa Don't Preach, and of course, \\"Erotica.\\" The other songs are on this compilation but not Erotica. Madonna has always pushed buttons, issues, and sexuality to the forefront of world culture. Erotica and the video was quite racy, daring, and even breaking new ground. As Madonna has matured in the years, she has moved away from the groundbreaking that she did early in her career but she still sings the hits that made her famous, wealthy, and admired by millions. No matter how many female performers will imitate and copy her, there is only one Madonna.
B002VKE0XA|3.0|After hearing the hype of this movie, I just had to see it!<br /><br />I came in a bit optimistic - I heard the same things about the Blair Witch Project and left that one disappointed. I felt this one played much better, was more interesting and even a bit freaky!<br /><br />Watching this movie can truly be scary! It's the lack of seeing anything that makes it so much worse. The acting was nice, the pace was good and there were some things I hadn't seen before. Not terrifying, but scary in the \\"What's going to happen?!\\" sense. Like the Blair Witch, I felt that when it finally got really \\"good\\", it ended. I left saying \\"What? That's it?!\\" and a bit disappointed. It was fun, but a little lackluster in the end.<br /><br />The Blu-Ray itself was also disappointing - don't expect Cloverfield out of this. The quality is better than the DVD, but for a very low budget movie, it shows (maybe that's to make it more \\"real\\"?). Not as bad as 28 days later, but not a whole lot better (and it likely won't get any better). More disappointing than the quality were the extras - an alternate ending and a digital copy! No commentary, behind the scenes.. nothing. I expect this to be released in a \\"deluxe\\" version not too far down the line.<br /><br />Also disappointing were the \\"Get your name in the credits\\" promo they ran. Register your name on a website, appear as a \\"special thanks\\" on the DVD/Blu-Ray. Sounds great! Seems they got about 500,000 names and decided to run them in super-fast motion (several hundred per second, running for about 15 minutes). Expect to \\"slow mo\\" to find your name. If you were looking forward to this (and considered it a selling point on the set, you'll be disappointed).<br /><br />Find it cheap (even if it's on DVD) or rent it. The Blu-Ray is a definite disappointment at full price.
B0026P3G12|5.0|Great music, first one for her out of the box was a home run, hope she can hold it together with all the pressure to gift us with more!
B0009XNUK0|4.0|Good purchase for kids just now realizing how much the entertainment world has lost with the death of Michael Jackson.  I gave this 4 stars only because it would be best to just pick up his entire catalog.  A lot of great music put together in one CD set.
1577314808|3.0|A recast of previously available knowledge in a slightly different format.  The ideas are helpful even if not original.
B001AVCFK6|3.0|First off, I'd like to say that I really liked this movie.  The only thing keeping it from excellence was the general plot.  The fact that Abrams and crew could do so much with such a weak story is testament to their talent.  Dialogue, performance, characterization, score, practical and computer effects....all awesome.  I just didn't find the vengeful time-traveling Romulan conflict interesting at all.  I'm really looking forward to a sequel though.    I went through all the special features in one sitting.  Very well done.
B002C6A6N6|5.0|I watched this show growing up and remember never being disappointed by an episode. I was so excited to find the entire series at such a good price that I jumped to buy it, and now that I have it, I'm thrilled to be able to watch them all again. :)
B002QW7AJY|4.0|Still waiting for Fox to release the long rumored Alien series on BD, I was eager to see Pandorum, hoping to sate my craving for a good, fun, sci-fi horror.  It did just that, exceeding my slightly lowered expectations.  If you're worried, like I was, that this might be just another lazy psychological horror where in the end, everything ends up being just the product of the main characters dementia rather something real, don't be.  The story is more ambitious than that and this is a far more ambitious production than Anchor Bay's norm as well.  It's clear that the creative talent really cared about the project and it doesn't look or feel as if it's been shackled by budget or rushed.  Intense action drives this mystery thriller, which, while a little convoluted, proves wholly worthwhile for those that see it through.<br /><br />This is also a very strong BD offering from Anchor Bay.  Despite the dark photography, compression is respectable, allowing the HD video to render the film far more capably and faithfully that DVD.  Accompanied by a driving lossless audio track, the experience is pretty intense.  The discs extras are probably more fun than informative, including over 20 minutes of deleted footage and an original promotional short.  A digital copy is also included; unfortunately, Starz/Anchor Bay is the only studio that still hasn't figured out that Windows only digital copies that don't support itunes aren't very desirable, if not virtually pointless.
0596007124|5.0|I've only gotten past the first chapter but this book has been great so far. I wish I would have learned more of these techniques in school. I can already see how important it is to know design patters for anyone doing object oriented programming.    The book seems to have plenty of ways to fry the information into your brain including fill in the blank questions and programming exercises. They have a lot of code given in the text which is nice for people (like me) who are not fully fluent in Java. I have used C++ mostly and I have little issue finding my way through the code. So if you are at least familiar in some object oriented language I think you will be fine. Also, I think it is a big plus that I get a look at how things are done in Java.    I find it really interesting how the Head First guys use cognitive research to help with learning the material. Even though I just started reading, it has helped me through one phone interview already. To me, it has pretty much paid for itself. I look forward to learning more about design patterns as I finish the text.
B00164EAC8|3.0|When Godzilla was originally mastered back in the late 90s, the small, lower resolution monitors being used at the time were not adequate for preserving the film for a 1080p format like BD.  In fact mastering itself was often still being optimized for the lowered capabilities of the DVD format even a few short years ago.  That isn't conjecture on my part; it's virtually common knowledge that even the studio execs responsible would and have agreed on publicly, and privately verified to myself and other journalists in attendence at publicity events over the years.  Unfortunately, while Godzilla offers a distinct, if not mildly dramatic improvement to the former DVD (as determined by the size and resolution of the display being viewed on), it's pretty obvious that the same master produced over a decade ago was recycled for this brand new BD presentation, making it seem less new and pristine than it should.  The softness and exaggerated edge enhancment also doesn't help the effects which are beginning to look a little dated.<br /><br />This is even more disappointing since fans of the film have had to wait over a year from the BDs initial announcement, which was apparantly postponed to coincide with the theatrical debut of Emmerich's \\"2012\\" rather than to update the outdated master for a BD presentation that better befits the expectations of the format, not to mention the cost premium studios are so desperately clinging to over 3 years after the formats debut, by adding all sorts of amenitys like the digital copy that comes with this BD, which can only be downloaded using a PS3 (as if that's something even a minority of the titles consumers will actually use).  It's disheartening to see Sony return to such flippant carelessness, if not callousness toward their fanbase now that the format war is over.<br /><br />On a more positive note the video is very well compressed; even the murky underwater sequences appear clean.  And the DTS HD Master Audio is probably as faithful of the films original mix as we'll ever hear.  Most of the extras have been regurgitated from past DVDs as well and preserved in the same low-quality fidelity, but there are a couple new perks that I haven't tried yet.  I was also a little annoyed that Sony didn't even include the very cool teaser trailer for the film, something that was even available on the DVD.  Considering the pleading over the years from the online community for studios to more consistently include the films trailers on their respective home video releases, I know they've heard us, some just aren't listening.of the films original mix as we'll ever hear.  Most of the extras have been regurgitated from past DVDs as well and preserved in the same low-quality fidelity, but there are a couple new perks that I haven't tried yet.  I was also a little annoyed that Sony didn't even include the very cool teaser trailer for the film, something that was even available on the DVD.  Considering the pleading over the years from the online community for studios to more consistently include the films trailers on their respective home video releases, I know they've heard us, some just aren't listening.
B001NLKXK2|3.0|Very easy to read, got choked up a few times. The reference list for background information was long, but would have liked to see more references from the Altzhiemer's person perspective.
0060512806|3.0|Cryptonomicon blends several storylines told from different character's perspectives, taking place during WWII and during modern-day 1999.    The WWII story lines in this book absolutely rock. I loved the crypto hacking especially. This kept me reading the book, despite the absolutely crap modern day story line.    The modern day storyline is vapid, pointless, and completely uninteresting. Oh, and it's also borderline sexist. It reads like the fantasy of some fat talentless nerd that scores with one dimensional hot super chicks and reaches hacker stardom. It's stupid and unfortunate. It's basically the uberstereotype of computer hackers seen in hollywood for the last dozen years. Can you detect my hate? :-)    One last thing - the author, despite being knowledgeable about UNIX, is obviously unaware of the credo \\"less is more\\". I almost did not purchase this book after getting fed up with a metaphor that lasted roughly a page. But it does get better, I promise.
1594488843|5.0|As he did for how we think in \\"[[ASIN:1594481717 A Whole New Mind: Why Right-Brainers Will Rule the Future]]\\" Dan Pink takes our assumptions in \\"Drive,\\" this time about motivation, and invites us to see the whole new world for what it is.    It won't take you very long to get through the first third of the book, but it might just change your personal and business life.    The big takeaway: Motivation is best served intrinsically. The book's concepts are supported by tools to implement a new level of drive in your life.    I would highly recommend \\"Drive\\" for anyone involved in motivating people in the workplace, school, or home. I read the section on mastery aloud to my kids. They loved the use of Tiger Woods and \\"grit.\\"
B000001E3V|5.0|I had been wanting to purchase this CD set for quite some time and never could pull the trigger. Boy am I glad that I finally \\"bit the bullet\\" and purchased it. I find myself listening to these CD's everyday. The \\"Claptin is God\\" rhetoric could not have been spot on than in these Fillmore Shows with Derek and the Dominos.<br /><br />In my humble opinion, 1970 was Clapton's \\"Holy Grail\\" period. His playing on these Fillmore shows are captivating and full of emotion. I have never heard a song that completely pulls me in like \\"Let It Rain\\". As one reviewer previously mentioned, even the several minute drum solo does not get boring. You can hear all the stirring emotions in Clapton's guitar and vocals. Carl Radle, Bobby Whitlock and Jim Gordon compliment Clapton in ways other musicians have fallen far short.<br /><br />Consistent with Clapton's flair for change, Derek and the Dominos was a short lived project but produced some amazing music that stands the test of time. In Cream and Traffic, Clapton seemed to be playing at times out of bordem whereas Derek and the Dominos came about from the many emotions in Clapton's turbulant life in 1970.<br /><br />Other than The Who's \\"Live at Leeds\\", I cannot more highly recommend a \\"live\\" CD set. Enjoy!
1594481717|5.0|This book has made a huge and positive difference in my personal and professional life. Regardless of what we do for a living, we're all creative in some way. How we apply that creativity is changing more rapidly than at any other time. Our biggest advantage and favor we can do ourselves is to embrace our right-brain characteristics and thrive because of them.    Mr. Pink's book is full of useful stories and exercises to help nurture your own right-brain and grow to your full potential. He explains the functioning of the human brain, its left and right sides and how they serve us, in a very approachable manner. His understanding of the functioning of the brain using the fMRI scan technology may appear over simplistic to a field specialist, but the information is intended to guide us through the subsequent chapters that fully engage both the sides of the brain.     Long live the era of right-brain thinking!
0061120073|4.0|I read tons of classic novels so I was surprised that it took me so long to discover this gem, which belongs on any list of classics.<br /><br />Betty Smith is a masterful storyteller with a gift for exposing human nature and illuminating the most meaningful nuances of relationships.<br /><br />I gave it a four-star rating only because it was a slow start for me. I pushed through based on friends' recommendations, and I was glad I did.<br /><br />After I got sucked in, I couldn't put it down. The story is touching, poignant, deep, moving, and profound. It made me more appreciative of the beauty of simplicity and the joy of relationships.<br /><br />To me the theme revolves around these two passages:<br /><br />\\"'Dear God,' she prayed, 'let me be something every minute of every hour of my life. Let me be gay; let me be sad. Let me be cold; let me be warm. Let me be hungry...have too much to eat. Let me be ragged or well dressed. Let me be sincere--be deceitful. Let me be truthful; let me be a liar. Let me be honorable and let me sin. Only let me be something every blessed minute. And when I sleep, let me dream all the time so that not one little piece of living is ever lost.'\\"<br /><br />\\"'People always think that happiness is a faraway thing,' thought Francie, 'something complicated and hard to get. Yet, what little things can make it up; a place of shelter when it rains--a cup of strong hot coffee when you're blue; for a man, a cigarette for contentment; a book to read when you're alone--just to be with someone you love. Those things make happiness.\\"
B001RTP48G|5.0|I love the second CD, \\"Etc.\\" It's extended dub versions of songs from the main CD is one of the best Pet Shop Boys CDs ever. The hypnotic synth grooves emphasize different aspects of the songs of the original CD...it doesn't have a lot of Neil Tennant's voice (just enough to keep it Pet Shop Boys). The first song \\"The Future\\" with Phil Oakey is a great start. Remember how great \\"Love Comes Quickly\\" was...this CD has that kind of feel.
B0006J28MI|5.0|I ordered this movie because my kids saw part of it on tv. We looked everywhere for it and Amazon had it. We ordered it at a very reasonable price and had it within a few days. My kids are watching it now. They have watched it several times. They love getting movies in the mail from Amazon.
B0026P3G12|5.0|Having seen Susan Boyle's performances on youtube I eagerly awaited her first album.  I was not disappointed.  Her glorious voice was perfectly showcased by the choice of songs on the album.  An added pleasure were the notes she included about each song in the booklet that came with the cd.  I look forward to her continuing success and more cds to buy!
B000JMKO3C|5.0|Really enjoyed the book. Lots of great quotes and ideas on what insanity truly is, and the ending totally caught me off guard!     READ IT.
B001EO2UJK|4.0|Material included on these discs is perfect.    But I had to warn you: this is american version, with region 1 on DVDs and no SACD included - so you won't get loseless surround audio from it and if you're from Europe, you've got to f*** with regions.
B0026P3G12|5.0|This was a Christmas gift for my cousin from Baltimore.  She had tried to purchase it back home and all stores were \\"out\\"!  Knowing this I ordered it from Amazon and of course they had it!!  This was a good surprise gift for my cousin and she loves it!
B001XRLWPQ|5.0|We are huge fans of Nathan Fillion from the Firefly series and movie as well as Dr. Horrible. We were very excited when Castle first came out and still look forward to each episode. I bought this as a Christmas gift for my husband and we've already been watching it.
B0026P3G12|5.0|This disk turned out to be my most popular Christmas gift.  There is something in us that wants Susan Boyle to soar to success. She is no longer a meek, obscure, lonely, unattractive woman!  Her lovely voice is  truly a gift and she  stirs our hearts in so many ways.
B001NLKT60|5.0|This is so good that I am already regretting that there is only one book left in the trilogy -- and it is not yet available on Kindle.
031606792X|1.0|I normally don't review books myself, seeing as I just don't have the time. However, \\"Breaking Dawn\\" was so horrible that I made time to make my opinion known about this book. The opinion: it was a horrible book.<br /><br />There's not much I can say that hasn't already been said, but I had a lot of issues. The first part of the book whre I went \\"Wait, WHAT?\\" was when Bella first woke up the morning after she and Edward had their first time together. She is covered in bruises, the headboard is broken, and one of the pillows has been torn apart in the lovemaking (that she can't even remember because I do believe she passed out), yet none of this really phases her. If one can't remember having sex with someone and wake up with bruises, the normal reaction is to freak out. Instead, Bella goes back for more and gets knocked up.<br /><br />Speaking of which, how could she even get pregnant? I read the explanation on the woman's website, but that really doesn't do it for me because it's contradicting. Women don't produce their eggs, only release them after puberty. I know this is Stephenie's world and she has the right to tell certain laws \\"Screw you, this is fictional!\\", but if a male vampire has venom close enough to sperm to get a human woman pregnant, I would think that a vampire woman's body would still release the eggs after their transformation, making it possible to have children. Not so.<br /><br />When Jacob imprinted on Renesmee (awful name, BTW), I was disgusted. He falls in love with a baby! How do people not see how pedophilic it is? For now, he will act as a brother and friend but once she's fully grown, I assume he'll begin a relationship with her. Problem? At that time, she will most likely ONLY BE SEVEN YEARS OLD. If a 14 year old girl who LOOKED 18 years old wanted to have a relationship with, say, a 19 year old boy, people would say she couldn't becuase of their age- it would be illegal. No sane parent would let their 14 year old date a 19 year old. Say that Jacob begins a romantic relationship with Nessie once she's fully grown. He will be 23 or 24, and though she will look 17 or 18, Nessie is only going to be seven years old. This is illegal and horrifying. How can people call this CUTE?<br /><br />The ending was badly done. When reading it, one can feel that the fight could begin any second. By the time the 100 page standoff is done, no fight has happened and the Volturi retreat after only Irina's death. WTF? From the way she had set up the scenario, a fight should have happened. If an experienced author had written the exact same setup- vampires coming to kill a supposed child vampire- they surely would have written an actual fight. But Stephenie \\"didn't want to end Bella's story with everyone dying\\" and instead had them leave peacefully and leave behind a happy ending.<br /><br />Any author worth their money knows this: how you want a story to end hardly matters. If you write a novel that leads to a type of ending you don't want to have happen, you can't suddenly pull a deus ex machina (is that right?) out of your ass and make it the kind of ending you want. Instead, you write the kind of ending that is pointed to by everything else in the book. The right ending to \\"Breaking Dawn\\" would have been a fight, but because Mrs. Meyer didn't want that, it wasn't so.<br /><br />Stephenie is a horrible writer (face it fans, you know it's true) and I doubt she read over what she had written and really thought about it. If she had, she would have abandoned those books altogether and kept living the life she was. Instead, she wrote them without thinking and got them published, creating screaming little girls fangirling over vampires that aren't worth the drool and a bad phenomenon that no one will let go away. I would have returned \\"Breaking Dawn\\" and my other Twilight books if it weren't for the fact that my mother is a Twihard.<br /><br />The bottom line: the series sucked, but this book was worse than the first threeput together. Mrs. Meyer should learn how to write before publishing anything else.ore publishing anything else.
0307237699|5.0|I bought this for my sister for Christmas. My other two siblings got the Palin book. They are all happy with their gifts. It took a lot of willpower for this conservative to buy the book. God Bless.
0307454541|5.0|It's been a long time since a thriller came out that did not involve good guys who solve religious mysteries. The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is unique in the sense that stylistically it is a blend of journalistic writing and the writing common to the thriller genre. What makes this book stand out from others is its unapologetic voice that is clearly told from the male perspective.<br /><br />The main characters Mikael Blomkvist and Lisbeth Salander are investigating the death of a Harriet Vanger, a young teen who belonged to one of the wealthiest families in Sweden. The pair complement each other, though the description of these two characters are ridiculous when read online. Lisbeth is a punk rebel and Blomkvist is a disgraced journalist with a recent libel conviction. Thankfully, you learn that these characters have much more depth than their shallow descriptions made by the book's publishers.<br /><br />Symbolically, it appears that Stieg wanted the Vanger clan to represent the corruption of CEOs and families of wealth. The Vanger clan is a large and it is a bit difficult to differentiate the names at first, but you soon notice that Stieg wanted to focus on the theme of money being the root of all evil, as each member of the Vanger family holds secrets, has blatant public flaws, or is a symbol of excess and greed.<br /><br />What people will find fascinating is that Blomkvist and Lisbeth are far from ideal moral lead characters. Their private lives leave little to be desired or their interpretation of what is right and wrong is skewed or at times questionable. And that is what makes this book a page turner. Stieg wanted the reader to know that his characters are not heroes just interesting people who happened to run across a mystery with twists and turns.<br /><br />Stieg breathes new life to a genre that had become use to having characters that fall strictly into categories of good or bad, whereas every character here blurs the definition and tends to jump over the line between good and bad as it fits their need. With every advancement they make in the case of Harriet Vanger you are thrown into a never ending list of suspects with two investigators whose actions are tarred by their actions.<br /><br />It's an amazing new book. (Though it would be fair to warn readers that along with the Vanger family names the financial elements of this book are confusing at first.) The real tragedy is not the results of the Harriet Vanger case, but learning that the author has since passed away.the line between good and bad as it fits their need. With every advancement they make in the case of Harriet Vanger you are thrown into a never ending list of suspects with two investigators whose actions are tarred by their actions.<br /><br />It's an amazing new book. (Though it would be fair to warn readers that along with the Vanger family names the financial elements of this book are confusing at first.) The real tragedy is not the results of the Harriet Vanger case, but learning that the author has since passed away.
0452289963|5.0|Like a lot of people, I was exposed to this book via Oprah.  Not directly, but due to the fact that so many people started talking about it after she had the author on her show.    I am really glad to have read the book.  It has an interesting take on a number of things, \\"sin\\" being the first which really caught my attention.  Much different from the Southern Baptist culture that I was raised in.  Same for his view of what \\"Heaven\\" is.    You may not agree with everything he says, but I this is a book which will certainly make you think.  For me, it made me realize that I wasn't alone and not as crazy as my Southern Baptist relatives think. :)  That alone was worth the price.    Overall, good thoughts about being \\"one with life\\" that I think will be beneficial to all people, regardless of religious affiliation.
B00197POXG|5.0|We loved the series when it was on TV, but never could get the complete set until now. When we received it we was so impressed with the way it was in its case and the way the DVD`S were in there individual pockets. Could not have been made any better!!!! Since we received it we have watched them every night. We are so satisfied ,and we will be back to shop at Amazon. Thank You Glenda
B00127RAJY|5.0|I just received this DVD in the mail yesterday. I went for a one-hour powerwalk, cooled down a little, did this DVD (which I just finished) and am completely worn out but I'm extremely happy.  I like how Jillian explains how to do the exercises and how not to do them so we don't get injured.  I also like how she shows the modified version and the full-on version.  I have barely any upper body strength and could hardly do the modified pushup. Also, my back hurts when I do some of the ab exercises. That is no fault of Jillian or the exercises. I know that by sticking with the program that in time I will get that upper body and back strength and will be able to do the exercises full on.  It was a tough workout and I am one that can be lazy when things are tough but I've learned that things worth having are often tough to get. I trust Jillian and am looking forward to her kicking my tail again tomorrow and the next day, etc.
B0019LY5IM|5.0|I am totally hooked on this series!! Appreciate the quick ship and decent price via Amazon!!!
B0026P3G12|5.0|This is one of the most beautiful cd's I've ever owned.  Miss Boyle's voice is amazing and such a joy to hear.  She walked out on stage, they all looked like she could not possibly prove anything and then she opened her mouth and out came the most beautiful sound.  The songs are familiar but sung like no one before her.  Hopefully this is just the beginning of her dream.  I want to hear more!!
B000001EG6|4.0|Something is a bit odd about Elton's self-titled album.  I think it has to do with the somber, quiet and somewhat sad tone that many of the songs have.      The songwriting is a bit on the bland side.  By \\"bland\\" I of course mean by Elton's normal high standards, this offering falls a *tad* short in comparison to the other albums Elton would create in the near future (by the very next album, in fact).    I guess at this point in Elton's career, he was young, inexperienced, and still trying to find himself in the world of rock music (and probably wasn't even SURE if he'd become a success or not) so he did what he knew from the very beginning he had- that being, a talent to create emotional ballads, a BUNCH of them- enough to fill up an entire album.    The majority of tracks just feel more serious than what you'd expect, as if Elton was trying a bit *too* hard to make an impact.  However, once he chilled out and found his groove, his music became a bit more listenable.      Overall, it's still a pretty good album but for me, I'm not quite convinced this is a \\"lost classic\\" like other fans believe.  For a beginner looking to start with a few Elton John albums, I'd recommend pretty much every other album he made in the 70's before this one (even A Single Man- yes, even THAT one!)     I also like listening to Elton John albums over and over again, for YEARS, but for some reason I never feel the need to do so with this one.   It's just not quite satisfying enough in the songwriting department.    A few hit songs aside, that's not quite enough to convince me this is one of Elton's best classics.   Maybe what sounds like a guy trying to find himself is actually someone already there, and releasing a very personal album.  Maybe if you look at Elton's self-titled album that way, you'll like it more.      For me however, the songwriting just wasn't there yet for this one.
B0026P3G12|3.0|ok
B0026P3G12|5.0|This is a great CD. Susan Boyle has a remarkable and beautiful voice with a terrific range. Her choice of pieces on this CD are varied and enjoyable. When one thinks of her story, the CD becomes even better. It makes a wonderful gift and really makes one feel uplifted and good after listening to it.
B00005MP58|5.0|This is so much better than the Keira Knightley version.  The series is true to the book.  It is very well done.  Austen fans should love it.
B002I9Z8I0|3.0|Very nice collection and box setting, however, the set does not include the movie, \\"Generations\\".
1840225564|5.0|This is a great option for people looking for a collection of Jane Austen's novels.  Looks great on the shelf.  The only drawback is its size.  Because it contains all of her novels, this book is pretty hefty - not something you would want to take with you for a relaxing read in the bathtub :) If you are looking for portability, you might want to buy each story separately. But if size isn't a problem for you, I would definately recommend this book.
B0026P3G12|4.0|As a former lead soprano in the choir of St John the Devine (many years ago!), I claim to know something about singing.  This woman's voice is superb; obviously, she lacks formal ttaining which is probably working in her favor because the richness of her voice makes up for any lack of classical training.<br />She could probably make hillbilly style or Pink Floyd sound good. I bought this for my wife and her gratitude makes it all worthwhile.
1416594787|5.0|I especially enjoyed the bits of biology that are used to present the case for evolution.  I always learn a lot of biology from a Dawkins book.
B00280LYHS|5.0|The best in the series, yet each is equally as intriguing as the rest. I hate to see Percy's adventures end. I pray that we all get the chance to go along with Percy on future quests & that Mr. Riordan takes the hint.
0307387178|2.0|I first picked up Into the Wild right after the movie came out. My logic was, of course, if the movie is so good the book must be better. Alas the book was bad enough that I avoided the movie.    Into the Wild follows Christopher McCandless, a young man with the worst case of wander lust I've heard. Unlike many, though, Christopher-- he later drops his name for Alexander Supertramp-- lacks the smarts to travel safely. First he donates all his money, much of which was actually his parents, to charity, burns all his cash, and gets stranded in his car, almost dies, and abandons it. From there on out he wanders the country by means of hitch hiking and at almost every turn gets close to killing himself. The worst part is that much of the trouble he gets into could have been easily avoided had he looked at a map or even just being prepared. Unfortunately, Alex is as stubborn as a mule and, forgive me, just as dumb. On one of his little adventures he tries to raft down to the Gulf of California on a river that doesn't actually go to the Gulf of California, in the process he, yes, nearly dies. Fancying himself a modern day Jack London Alex's final adventure, and the one that kills him, is to go into the Alaskan wild with NO knowledge of it, no map, very few clothes, no food or water, and a gun that up there is little more than a bb gun. Many say that Alex touched the lives of everyone he met, this is true, but even such noble deeds don't make up for his arrogance and down right foolishness. Krakauer doesn't agree, though, and tries his hardest to portray Alex in the most nobel sense and I tried to be sympathetic, I did, but having spent even an hour outside I knew more than Alex did.    The other major downside to Into the Wild less than enjoyable was Krakauer. It seems Krakauer fancied himself comparable to Alex when he was a young man, as such Krakauer puts several chapters of his life into the book. Not only does this disrupt the flow of the story, but the blurbs were not very interesting especially for someone trying to learn about Alex. On the upside Krakauer is a strong, fluid writer, and his style is crisp and clean. This, sadly, was about the most enjoyable thing I found about Into the Wild. I would recommend this book ONLY to show what you should NOT do and there might be something to learn from the way Alex treated others.
B002K0WBXW|5.0|I gave this to my daughter for Christmas. She loved the movie and thought it was very funny.
B000B5XOXY|4.0|This is a great film simply because it combines two of my most favorite things Batman and Jim Carey. This film features the dynamic duo, Batman and Robin and the Riddler who is played by jim Carey. Even though this is a relativley serios movie Jim Carey still manages to be funny with his Ace Ventura style commedy. Some parts of this movie are cheesy, like the batmobile, because it was made in the 90's. But I still recommend you add it to your collection.
B0029358GM|3.0|Typical good songs but it would have been very interesting to see how this album would have fleshed out if Jay Bennett was still in the band at the time it was recorded. These songs are missing that extra \\"something\\". While I understand there were reasons for Jay and the band to part ways, I never realized how important he was to the development of the albums sounds until he was gone. While I can appreciate the contributions and playing of players like Jim O'Rourke,Nels Cline and Pat Sansone, Jay Bennett appears to have been much more important in his contributions than I had previously thought. Like Blue Sky Blue, this record is missing that little bit of something that Jay brought to Being There,Summerteeth and YHF.
B001GZ6QC4|4.0|Batman the dark knight is one of the greatest, if not the best, batman film of all time. But this is more than just a kids super hero movie. This movie has a lot of syspense that will leave you on the edge of your seat. The Joker is simply brilliant in this movie. I definitly recommend adding this to your DVD collection.
0739499963|4.0|As I continued to read I found it hard to put down.  A good read!
B002VEB228|5.0|You are guessing thru 2/3 of the movie and you think the killers could be one of 3 couples until the video-cam scene. Great thriller and suspense!
B000UR9T8C|4.0|It's triple trouble for Spider-Man in this third installment in the mega franchise.<br /><br />Life is good for Peter Parker (Tobey Maguire). He's got the girl, about to propose, making bucks, the good people of New York love their Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man like it's their job--yeah, everything is smooth sailing.<br /><br />As if.<br /><br />Suddenly, a mysterious new villain shows up out of nowhere: the New Goblin (though he doesn't refer to himself as such in the film). Quickly, we find out it's Harry Osborne (James Franco), Peter's once best friend out for revenge because he thinks Peter murdered his dad.<br /><br />One villain Peter can handle, especially since his first altercation with the suped-up Harry Osborne ends rather quickly. But no, things quickly get worse for our favorite Wallcrawler when fugitive Flint Marko (Thomas Haden Church) gets himself trapped in a molecular blaster thingy and becomes the shape-shifting Sandman. Also adding to Peter's troubles is ultra-hungry photographer Eddie Brock (Topher Grace), who wants nothing more than to make a name for himself in the newspaper business.<br /><br />Unbeknownst to Peter, while he and Mary Jane Watson (Kirsten Dunst) are on a date in a NY park, a mysterious meteor lands from the heavens, leaking a strange black goop that follows Peter home and eventually latches onto him, transforming him into someone darker, meaner and more spider-powered than ever before. When Peter finally realizes his new black suit is slowly destroying his life and he's alienating everyone he's ever cared about, he manages to ditch the suit in a cool church belltower scene that screams Peter's search for redemption, but also Eddie Brock's search for revenge. The black goop lands on Brock, carrying a copy of Peter's spider-powers with it, transforming Eddie into the menacing Venom.<br /><br />It's Black Spider-Man versus three villains in this web-slinging rollercoaster ride that scratches Spider-Man fans right where they itch!<br /><br />The good:<br /><br />The spider effects keep getting better with each installment, especially in the area of you feeling like you're right there with Spider-Man zipping through the air. That scene where Gwen Stacy (Bryce Dallas Howard) falls off that building and Spidey has to cut through the air between falling debris to save her? Pure good.<br /><br />The story had some good twists, especially building up the suspense while we waited for the black symbiote to latch itself onto Peter. Same with Peter proposing to MJ. The whole \\"it not working out\\" thing was well done.<br /><br />James Franco played the villain wonderfully. I genuinely hated him after a while, the big tip of the hat being to when he fooled Peter into thinking he was his buddy again only to screw him over bigtime later on.<br /><br />Topher Grace was easily the best actor in the film. He was funny, cocky, yet at times you sincerely felt bad for him.<br /><br />The fight scenes were great. The symbiote effects for the living suit were fantastic, too.<br /><br />The ending with Harry Osborne--even after all he did during the film--made tears prick the corners of my eyes.<br /><br />The not as good:<br /><br />One would think a major lesson had been learned from Batman & Robin: too many characters is just plain stupid. Unfortunately, Spider-Man 3 didn't take that warning to heart. The film had way too much going on. I know they had to wrap up some story threads as established in the first two movies, but when all was said and done, things just felt way too rushed and I know I'm not the only fan to think so. If it were me, I would have left it at two villains: the New Goblin and Sandman. Or just do Venom and leave it alone. (And if anyone knows the Venom story, from the comics or the 1990s Spider-Man cartoon, you know that Venom's mythology is more than enough for a feature film.) I really felt short-changed regarding Venom. So much time was spent building up to him--the origin, Peter going dark, Eddie Brock's character, both before and after he inherits the suit--that by the time Venom showed up, there wasn't much time left in the movie for him to really be the bad guy fans know him to be.<br /><br />There's really not much to complain about with this movie other than it feeling very rushed and cluttered. Over all, it still was a solid flick, but my least favorite of the three.<br /><br />Rumor has it that Spider-Man 4 is getting back to basics so I'm eagerly anticipating that one.<br /><br />Also stars: J.K. Simmons, Bruce Campbell, Rosemary Harris, James Cromwell, Ted Raimi, Bill Nunn, Willem Dafoe, Dylan Baker, Stan Lee and others.<br /><br />A.P. Fuchs<br />Canister Xn't much time left in the movie for him to really be the bad guy fans know him to be.    There's really not much to complain about with this movie other than it feeling very rushed and cluttered. Over all, it still was a solid flick, but my least favorite of the three.    Rumor has it that Spider-Man 4 is getting back to basics so I'm eagerly anticipating that one.    Also stars: J.K. Simmons, Bruce Campbell, Rosemary Harris, James Cromwell, Ted Raimi, Bill Nunn, Willem Dafoe, Dylan Baker, Stan Lee and others.    A.P. Fuchs  Canister X
B002VECM6I|5.0|Don't get me wrong--I know this is a Hollywood version of Michael Oher's life during a particular timeframe. I know that certain real-life events have been tweaked in order to tug more effectively at my (and your) heartstrings. I also know that I can't assume that this movie is a perfect representation of this family and how Michael Oher came to be part of it.<br /><br />That said, I must admit to having been a sniffling fool throughout much of the film. I am particularly sensitive to stories that show human beings stepping outside of typical comfort zones and taking risks to embrace others who need the attention or support. This story, for all that it's been Hollywood-ized, shows a young man and a family doing just that, and it's powerful in spite of those moments that just seem too good to be true.<br /><br />I agree with other reviewers that Sandra Bullock has done an excellent job in this film. Her character might sound like a stereotype, but there's too much going on in her heart and head to keep her in a box that's easy to dismiss. She stands there in front of drug dealers who've been basically treating her like a piece of meat at the same time that they're sliding nasty, threatening looks over her designer-clad body, and she manages to hold her own. She enters territory that she likely hasn't ever encountered before, dangerous territory that must have struck fear into her heart and made her want to run in the opposite direction, but she enters and stays because she has something to accomplish, from finding Michael, to finding his drug addict mother, to ensuring that he doesn't meet a horrible end at the hands of those drug dealers leering at her. She does this, and then (I think) she spends however long it takes to fight back the emotions that these experiences bring out in her. The reviewer who said she basically hides when she is emotional is spot on, I think. She is all guts and sarcastic wit and in-your-face honesty because she has to be in order to get what she needs from others. But the soft side of her is reserved for very rare moments, either with her husband, or with Michael, who simply won't allow her finally to walk away and hide her feelings. Interesting that it seems at first that she is the one drawing him out, when ultimately they manage to pull the best from each other.<br /><br />The acting is superb all-around.  Quinton Aaron plays Michael, and he does it with such skill that it's easy to assume he is like Michael all the time, that he is simply playing himself. Instead, what we have is an actor who found the vulnerable core of his character and covered it with the flat, lumbering movements of someone barely connected to life and to other people. When we first meet Michael, it's hard to imagine that he will ever manage a full, genuine smile or even speak effectively to others. He begins to open up, and it's little moments where he reveals some of his past, or just simply tells us how his life is changing, that make him shine as a character. He's got a fair amount of anguish that he doesn't allow to come to mind very often, pain that has shaped him and led to that distance he seems to carry with him most of the time. Just an awesome acting job.<br /><br />The story was my favorite part, though, and I did find myself crying as the family pictures came up on screen after the movie proper was done. Crying because, hey, here are the REAL moments, many of them part of the film version, too. Here are the pics that show this giant kid dwarfing his new family but also show a group of people finding their joy together. Just very sweet and very necessary at a time when we are likely spending more energy worrying about how crappy other human beings can be. It's nice to be reminded that human beings also contain within them a core of kindness and compassion that they sometimes extend out in truly amazing ways to people who not only need it but who have so much of their own to give back.<br /><br />I will definitelyget the DVD when it's released.
B002L3RVCY|4.0|It was the best DVD a star wars fan can ever buy and I was so excited to have the dvd box set of the entire season 1 of star wars the clone wars with all 22 episodes.However the only thing that was a little disappointing is that the dvd cover said that you'll also get the 22 commentary interviews and a sneak peak to star wars the clone wars season 2 but this was no where to be found in the dvd box set only the 22 episodes were included,so maybe next time when you guys are selling this product exempt the 22 interviews and sneak peak of season 2 from the box set unless if you are sure amazon that the product from the producer has all the details in the disk as shown from the product details, this will be better for other customers who are buying and not misleading.No need to apologize to me I accept that it was not your fault but Lucas' fault and DON'T GET THE WRONG IDEA I LOVE THE DVD BOX SET it's great.
B001M5UDGS|5.0|I love this DVD.  Even though you can view Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog for free online, the musical commentary definitely makes buying the DVD worth it.
B002RSDW80|4.0|Fun movie! Broke out my Julia Child cookbooks and made Boeuf Bourguignon the next day.  Yum!
B002Q4TKAY|5.0|This is honestly the best music dvd I've ever seen.  The Killers put on a moving, electrifying performance to a crowd that doesn't tire and is wildly responsive.  The venue- The Royal Albert Hall in London- is beautiful too.  The Killers give it everything they've got resulting in 2 hours of straight jamming. They have such musical force that you can't help but jam out in your room and sing the lyrics alongside the ever so charming, Brandon Flowers.  Give yourself a treat- buy this dvd/cd compilation.  One of the best bands from the '00 decade for sure!  Brandon Flowers- you are genius and epic!  To the KILLERS-> keep up the good work!!! You guys rock and are a cut above the rest!!!
B0026P3G12|5.0|Love it, love it.  May she be secure and safe in her newfound career.  I don't care about the hype around her but only about the fact that she has a truely wonderful voice. I am looking forward to her next album.
B0013XS8A2|5.0|Mike Oldfield does very little I don't like.  This is up to his usual standard of different and enjoyable.  Great music to drive with, relax with and hike with.
B0026RHR6K|5.0|This was a gift for Christmas and it arived in plenty of time! Everythng was perfect!
B000LXHK2C|5.0|This is a really good film. It shows a different side to Russell Crowe. No bad language , for a change!!
B0016OMFNY|5.0|Wow! I've wanted to hear this album for years and finally bought it. Simply wonderful music.
B0026P3G12|5.0|This is excellent and shows how far she has improved over the last year. Very nice CD.
B002HWRYJE|4.0|James Tiberius Kirk is born in the shadow of his father's killers, in a medical escape shuttle.<br /><br />Wait... is this how things started?<br /><br />This version of Star Trek involves, at its outset, an event that changes the future of Kirk, Spock, and every other Star Trek character you know.  At the end of the film, if there were new adventures of Star Trek covering the original series' Star Date, they would be different.<br /><br />Are there sequels in production here, to do just that?<br /><br />This was a fine adventure, with thrills, battles, and plenty of Star Trek trivia to connect with the original series.  Of course, when Kirk is banished from the USS Enterprise (??), sent to a planet next to Vulcan, and happens to run into, ahem, Star WARS-type creatures and situations, culminating in a wildly improbable meeting with an older Spock (and where did the wood for the fire come from), and, of, course, a young Scotty just happens to be within a few kilometers... give me a break!<br /><br />But the fighting scenes were great.  Loved the Romulan mining vessel.  Thought Spock's mom was a bit young.<br /><br />I've liked all the series, and all the movies.  I'm just a bit fan of sci-fi!
B001F12J48|5.0|The 3D graphics are awesome, even on a small 27 inch screen. I have recommended it to all my friends and plan on giving it as a gift next year.
0061730327|4.0|William Kamkwamba was born into the family of a trader in Malawi, Africa.  His father, battling a temper and a drinking problem, decides to become a farmer like his successful brother soon after William is born, raising tobacco as a cash crop and maize for feeding his family.  William lives in a culture ruled by tradition and magic.  Life is good, until the government policies increase the price of fertilizer and a severe drought hits the land.  Then, traditions and magic are no answer to empty bellies, rising food prices, and cholera.<br /><br />In the midst of all this, William has to drop out of school because his family cannot afford tuition.  He and his friend had always dabbled in radio repair, but at a local library, he got a copy of an American textbook titled Using Energy.  In it, he learned that windmills can be used to generate electricity.  With electricity, his family wouldn't have to buy kerosene for lamps, and could pump water to irrigate the crops even during a drought.  As he tinkered, he was accused of being a madman, crazy, and even even a witch, but he did produce a functioning windmill, his \\"electric wind.\\"  It got noticed, and William's adventures expanded beyond Malawi.  This book is the tale of William's life to date, told with the assistance of writer Bryan Mealer.<br /><br />This book is interesting and inspirational.  William is reaping what he has sown; he developed his current opportunities through his hard work and experimentation.  I sensed the direction of the story was the evolution of William's worldview, from one believing in magic and special powers, to one of a quest for knowledge and the process of experimentation.  I am surprised that the women and girls in William's life are, for the most part, invisible.  It's hard to image that William's sisters, and the sisters' friends, were oblivious to all his efforts.<br /><br />I hope William Kamkwamba becomes successful in his search for cheap and abundant energy for his countrymen and women.  Success stories are desperately needed in places where people are desperate.s are desperately needed in places where people are desperate.
B002BU0DPE|5.0|This has crystal clear sound and feels great. it was a 16 foot long cord which makes it easy to move around. the only downside is there is a very faint buzzing sound when you are not talking to people or when the gameplay sound is not on.it is also extremely comfortable so if you're the type of gamer that likes to play for hours at a time then get this. it's has a very soft foam mesh that feels great. it is also very strong so if you have a little brother or sister messes with your stuff and might just drop it to make you mad. he/she can drop is as much as they like and nothing bad wil come of it. it may also be expennsive but it is without a dought worth your money. it will also last for years. i mean look at it pros. great durability long cord crystal clear sound feels great and looks good.  cons. very faint buzzing sound when no game sound or nobody is taliking.  overall great product.
B001NSAJ3G|1.0|This album is one of the Moody Blue's milestones, a symphonic progressive rock album.<br /><br />But BEWARE - Amazon sells two different MP3 versions of this particular DAYS OF FUTURE PASSED album.  A cheaper $5 version, and a more expensive $9.49 album.<br /><br />The cheaper version only contains the first seven tracks of the original album; it does not have the remaining tracks, numbered 8 through 7.  And missing is their classic TUESDAY AFTERNOON.<br /><br />So beware - if you're looking for the complete album, do not buy the cheaper version!<br /><br />NOTE: I gave this one star so people would know that they could be shortchanged if they buy the cheaper version.
B000H6SXMY|5.0|purchased Friends - The Complete Series Collection from Amazon.com. It was a Christmas present for my 16year old and she absolutely loves it. Was shipped right to my front door and packaging was done so well that there was no damage to product. It also was the lowest price out of all. I reccommend this product to anyone who is a fan of the show Friends.
B000I0QL82|5.0|This movie is one of my wife's favorites.They just do not know how to make movies like this any more. The timing between Bing Crosbey and Danny Kay is right on.
B002TYZKIM|5.0|I love this film. I am sad Michael never got to perform. The CD is the best as well as this video. I love you MJ!!
B0018PH3L0|4.0|This western highlights the determination that drove some incredible people to risk their life in order to accomplish  amazing tasks. I can't even begin to imagine what America looked like back then. Certainly a beautiful wild place where you could have all the adventure you ever wanted and more danger than you could ever wish. The filming is relatively good considering it was done some 20 years ago.
0780628551|5.0|This movie is a class thriller. You can't look away! I had a dream some years ago very similar to the plot of this movie, but I have never seen this movie until now.  What if an astronaut brought something back with him from outer space? If his wife becomes pregnant, is she carrying her husband's child or the child of this alien being? It preys on the underlying fears of humanity of being systematically wiped out.     But this movie is NOT about the spread of an alien virus around the globe. It's a psychological thriller on a smaller scale, between a husband and a wife. The scenes are passionate and riveting. The wife begins to suspect that something is wrong after one of her husband's colleagues dies (presumably of natural causes.) The colleague's wife then presumably commits suicide. The wife, who has just learned she is pregnant, starts to wonder what happened to her husband up in space during his lost two minutes of communication with NASA. She is approached by a former employee of NASA who says he has answers for her, so she reluctantly agrees to meet him. She follows the information he gives her, which leads her to the truth. She begins having mental visions of her babies and of what her husband is doing in the present. There is a fantastic twist ending that I did not see coming.      This is NOT a movie for those interested in blood and gore. It's along the lines of Rosemary's Baby or maybe the Pelican Brief if you want some comparisons.  I'm thoroughly impressed, and wonder how I could have missed this gem when it was out in theatres.
B002IYEQR4|5.0|This boxset is freakin' awesome! If you are a fan of Watchmen, then you should get this, the amount of content on this boxset is massive, the motion comic itself is worth a buy, but it's included here for added value. The movie itself does benefit from the black freighter being interwoven, but the actual black freighter sections could have been better.  I haven't watched the special stuff yet but there seems to be a ton of it.    All in all this was a worthy purchase, the ultimate cut is far better than the theatrical, and the additional stuff is fantastic.  All of this comes wrapped up in a very attractive hard cover box.
0753513382|4.0|Two hundred pages of the book are entirely composed by the questions posed by the author's students, and the answers, which mostly come up with distinctive and often interesting views about mundane matters. Whether it be shopping in department store, a hotel reservation, settling the dinner bill or rent-a-car, a reader is bound to realize that the decisions he takes on many of those occasions, at the end are not utterly his own. The author even invites us to weigh up the prices of certain goods and services, explaining, for instance, why a black Apple laptop computer is more expensive than identically configured white one (p.83) or why do taxicab fares have both a fixed and a variable component.         At the same time the word \\"almost\\" in the title of the book, properly reflects its essence, because it is an interesting read not only for sensitive buyers, but also for more inquisitive minds. The author comes up with the explanations as to why, for example, women's clothes always button from the left, while men's clothes always from the right, and at the end even speculates, that an average men's life would be more stressful if polygamy was allowed. Although, the answers almost inevitably dance around the law of supply and demand, the economics ideas you will encounter appear only in the context of examples drawn from familiar experiences.     Some factological errors (it is mentioned, for example, that dissolution of former Soviet Union happened in 1989) are compensated by a healthy sense of humor. Definitely, the book for everyone, who wishes to trigger off the autopilot from his daily routine.
B0000007BI|5.0|I have listened to this version of the Requiem about once per month over the last 10 years. In fact, I am so used to it by now that when I recently listened to Barenboim's version I thought there was something wrong with my mp3 player. I didn't now that Barenboim's slower version is another way of performing this piece. All I can say is that I prefer Herreweghe's version. Samples are available here on Amazon of both versions so have a listen for yourself.
B000P12LWY|4.0|I am a historian who does not study this particular period in history but has the sense enough to know that this is a television series not historical fact.  To anyone who actually reads this review and others please keep in mind that the show will not be historically accurate which is a terrible misjustice.  From the littel research I have done on this time period and Henry VIII Showtime could have found a highly knowlegeable researcher to consult with about the accuracies.  Showtime is in the business of making television and providing entertainment and not in the business of getting every fact correct.  Also, for most people who watch television they do notice or understand how things should be unless they have studied the period thoroughly and even then there are a lot of things that you still do not know.  You must approach the series for what it is...a television produced fictional show.  I feel that Showtime could have at least gotten things correct but then again there are so many \\"historical\\" series that have been produced and watched who have taken the liberty to bend the truth.  I found the series to be quite entertaining even though not historically accurate but then again I had no expectation of it actually getting things correct.  In fact it has made me go back and search out books on Henry VIII and others portrayed to learn the truth.  To further state to those who are so outraged that it is not historically accurate I say that you are taking it way to seriously.  Even the greatest historians of that time period cannot accurately state how they talked to one another.  It is true that Showtime could have researched at least possible ways they spoke...such as not calling King Henry VIII \\"your majesty\\" but in fact the title that they would have most likey called him \\"your grace\\".    We as historians can research primary and secondary sources until we are blue in the face but as one of my mentors in college stated \\"You cannot relieve the past completely unless you actually lived during that period.\\"  I find this true in my research.  I cannot accurately say that all that I have learned and continue to learn and assume it to be completely accurate.  Writers of history make mistakes, sometimes put their own opinions in and finally even the ones who first wrote the statements might only be telling the half truth or only one side of it.  Finally, I say remember this the History Channel who pretty much everyone believes is historically accurate sometimes gets things wrong or produces a show that is not correct.  So to anyone who watches or wants to purchase the series should do so as it is very entertaining televison but keep in mind that everything you see, hear and follow might not be accurate.  Enjoy the series for what it is and that is for entertainment purposes.  If you want a more historically accurate understanding I suggest going to your local library or bookstore and either checking out or purchasing a book on the period and the people who were associated with it.  Amazon has quite an extensive selection and I would be more than willing to suggest some books if you would like me too.
B0017HEYEI|1.0|This was a Christmas gift for my god-daughter and I felt very embarrassed to find out that the DVD movie was not in the English language. This movie was made or spoken in Korean or Chineese!   How dare you guys sell something like this without even saying such in your description! Very unsatisfied!   And I wish I could get my money back or better yet, get another DVD movie but totally in English!   Will never buy again from this \\"Rip-Off\\" seller!
B002RSDW80|5.0|This was a very enjoyable movie. Funny, touching, and inspirational. My husband and I both liked it.
B0002J4ZWS|5.0|Excellent movie. Ordered it just before Christmas and it arrived in plenty of time to wrap and put under the tree for my daughter who has wanted this movie forever! Thanks!
B00258SS72|5.0|Redemption is a continuing theme in Eastwood's movies, all the way back to the wonderful spaghetti westerns. His character usually is conflicted, imperfect, and scarred, yet wants to do good, and to be good.  Gran Torino is a wonderfully polished yet fresh variation on the theme of redemption. I hope I will have done something in my life that is worthy of the kind of admiration I have for this movie.
B001BZGXNQ|5.0|This is the best purchase I've made on Amazon. I love the CD as well as the DVD. The quality is great, even watching it on a computer. I would have liked to know that there were three discs and that if you open up the cardboard case, the CD booklet was likely to fall out. Aside from that, I love it and would recommend anyone buying this CD/DVD if you love John Mayer!
B000OVLIQU|5.0|Geoff Emerick has provided the most insight of what is was like to be in the studio with a Beatles. By far the best I have ever read. It was the first book I purchased for our new Kindle and I read it voraciously in just a week's time.  Emerick lets his readers know the graciousness of McCartney, the untechnical, moody but talented Lennon and the struggles of Harrison and Starr to live up to expections of their more talented bandmates.  A great read!
0061914177|5.0|Get this book! Dont even wait. it will help you CRUSH IT this year.<br />its awesome.<br />you will love it<br />Larry Loik<br />[...]
0375805613|4.0|Great book for kids.     Purchased as a Christmas gift for my grand daughter
B000BK8FX8|5.0|I am a huge westlife fan and even though there are only 4 members now they still rock and their voices are amazing!
B002T9H2LA|5.0|The title for my review says it all. What are you waiting for?  You know you want it. Get it now.
0446567337|5.0|I love Nicholas Sparks and he has done it again! What a great love story!
B000R7HY0K|5.0|Starts off a bit slow, but ends brilliantly! A must have for anyone who loves Tarantino, guys who love typical guy things, and for girls with an edge.
0316001821|5.0|Beautifully written! A true story from the heart. Told from the point of view of a 14 year old girl who is traggically raped and murdered. From begining to end, the details of events unfold like tragic poetry on the pages. I cried through most of this book. The journey that this family takes with their greiving is very difficult to swallow. And the direction that the writer chose to fullfill the plot is unexpected but still very satisfying.
B000003R7G|5.0|I'm a big fan of Portishead and I use vinyls as wall decor...just get an album frame and your favorite albums and group them together...very cool
B000ZECQ08|4.0|[[ASIN:B000ZECQ08 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince (Two-Disc Limited Special Edition)]]  The DVD received was a good movie.  I have waited for this version to comeout and was able to sit down and watch it with my Grandchildren over the Christmas Holidays.  They really enjoyed the movie and were ready to watch it again.
B002GY9F9K|5.0|Legend of the Seeker is a very well made series. If you like action, adventure, sci fi, magic, etc...you will really like this item. You really are getting a lot for your money. This is a must see!!
0374525153|5.0|Having first read this novella in German translation, I was so much impressed with its superb stylistic quality, as well as terse truthfulness (I grew up in Hitler-Germany and am well aware of what Mr. Uhlman is talking about), that I ordered the English original, simply to let friends and acquaintances gather an idea about that dark era in history.
B000093BDX|3.0|arrived in good condition but it was slow in getting here and wasn't sure it wuld arrive before Christmas
B000TLMWMY|5.0|I gave this to my husband for Christmas and he loves it we have watched it several times and I know we will be watching it over and over.  Many amazing talents on the shows.
B0026P3G12|1.0|I think Susan Boyle has a wonderful voice, however, I was really disappointed with the CD I purchased.   On the religious songs she seems to do much better because her voice is used at an original tone.  On many of the other songs it seems the music and singing are too loud - almost as though she is shouting.   Some of the songs chosen were not all that great.   I think whoever produced this CD did a poor job.   She is a much better singer and doesn't deserve this poor product.
B001PA0FFO|3.0|The DVD sticks at different points during the movie.  You get what you pay for.
B0001VV1GK|5.0|this is a great toy! super durable. easy to put together. instructions are very clear. once put together, the toy stays together as one piece (except for the ramps, and attendant station) and is easy to relocate. we got this for our 2.5 y/o son and he loves it. has played with it for hours on end. i plan on buying more of the series that go along with this and would recommend this toy any day!
0552552127|5.0|This is, in my opinion, the best Eragon book yet.  wonderfully written, exciting storyline and suspensful end.  I only hope the fourth will be this good.
0393932192|5.0|Before I retired at the end of May 2009, I was happy to receive a complimentary copy of the new 600-page 2009 Norton Critical Edition of Chinua Achebe's 1959 novel THINGS FALL APART, edited by Francis Abiola Irele.     Over the course of my teaching career, I taught THINGS FALL APART and Achebe's novel NO LONGER AT EASE (1960) more often than I taught any other works of imaginative literature of comparable length. However, despite my enthusiasm for teaching those two novels by Achebe, I was not impressed with Achebe's revised 1988 version of his 1977 essay criticizing Conrad's HEART OF DARKNESS, which appeared in the 1988 third edition of the Norton Critical edition of Conrad's HEART OF DARKNESS (251-62). Because that essay has stimulated much discussion, Francis Abiola Irele has reprinted it in the present volume (169-81), along with various responses to it by other authors.  The most recently published piece about that essay that is reprinted in the present volume is by Caryl Phillips, the British-educated novelist of African descent who was born in 1958 in St. Kitts in the West Indies. Phillips' interview/article was published in THE GUARDIAN on Saturday, February 22, 2003.  In his interview with Achebe, Phillips questions the aging Nigerian novelist closely about Achebe's charge that Conrad is a thorough-going racist in HEART OF DARKNESS, which is set in the 1890s in King Leopold's Congo empire.  At one point in the interview, Achebe faults Conrad for not being bigger than his times because he did not have a benevolent view of Africa. When pressed by Phillips to give an example of somebody of Conrad's time who was bigger than his times, Achebe gives Livingstone as an example.  But what exactly shows that Conrad did not have a benevolent view of Africa?  Phillips ventures to say, \\"Conrad does present Africans as having `rudimentary' souls.\\"  Achebe replies, \\"Yes, you will notice that the European traders have `tainted' souls, Marlow has a `pure' soul, but I am toaccept that mine [as an African] is `rudimentary'?\\"  So there we have it. Achebe's charge that Conrad is a racist comes down to Achebe taking wording in Conrad's HEART OF DARKNESS personally as though the wording characterized him and all other Africans.  However, as others have pointed out, the wording in question comes from Marlow. Nowhere in the text is there a suggestion that Marlow's views are above being questioned. In my estimate, the best argument about textual evidence that should lead us as readers to question Marlow's statements is J. Hillis Miller's 2001 essay \\"Should We Read HEART OF DARKNESS?\\" Miller's essay is reprinted in the 2006 fourth edition of the Norton Critical Edition of Conrad's HEART OF DARKNESS (463-74), where Achebe's revised 1988 version of his 1977 essay is also reprinted (336-49).  It's great and commendable for Achebe to question Marlow's statement about the supposedly \\"rudimentary\\" souls of Africans. But Achebe should also question certain other statements that Marlow makes.  As to the condition of Marlow's soul, why does Marlow lie to Kurtz's Intended (her name is not given) back in Europe when he tells her that Kurtz's last words were her name? Elsewhere, he has tells us what Kurtz's last words were. In addition, Marlow has tells us that he detests lies. But what he tells Kurtz's Intended is a straightforward lie, not the truth about Kurtz's last words.  So if Marlow supposedly has a \\"pure\\" soul, perhaps this is best understood as meaning that there is a certain kind of innocence about Marlow.  In any event, after Walter J. Ong visited Kinshasa and Lubumbashi and made friends with certain Africans in 1974, he wrote a penetrating essay about Marlow entitled \\"Truth in Conrad's Darkness\\" that appeared in MOSAIC: A JOURNAL FOR THE COMPARATIVE STUDY OF LITERATURE AND IDEAS (University of Manitoba Press), volume 11, number 1 (Fall 1977): 151-63.
0316001821|1.0|I really don't know what all the hype is about. I was sorely, sorely disappointed after reading the book. This is nothing what I expected it to be. After seeing the previews for the upcoming movie, I saw the book in the store and figured I'd buy it (it cost me $2 more then the movie and more once you add in my time, gas, etc). Anyways, I thought the story was about the girls dad trying to find her killer, not her in the 'afterlife' watching how her family grew without her. There were incomplete storylines - like why did mom leave the family? This was probably the worst book I ever read and even, for the first time ever, threw it in the trash. I almost didn't finish reading it.
B002NOAF9W|1.0|The original album always had muddy sound and this is just an average  performance.  No amount of remastering can change that.  A far better  performance, and I think their best ever, is the film \\"Ladies and Gentlemen...  the Rolling Stones.\\"  The Houston, TX show from the '72/'73 tour.  Originally presented in quadraphonic sound, this film was shown  in L.A. and New York and soon vanished.  You can find the bootleg dvd  of this on E-bay.  Even though it has not been remastered, it looks and  sounds great.  The band is tighter and faster.  Richards and Taylor are  more in sync.  The Stones don't control Abkco so don't blame them.   Wait for the official release of L & G or get the bootleg.  I promise you  way more satisfaction.
B002T9H2ME|1.0|I seriously can't believe the reviews I'm reading here.  I never walk out of a movie, but when I saw Moon in the theater I came closer than I ever have before.  The plot is tedious and predictable, with several aspects that make absolutely no sense and are never even attempted to be explained (ghostly lady walking around on the surface of the moon?) Also, I understand that this was an independent film, but the production values and set pieces are laughable. This movie is so bad that I actually told people to go see it as a practical joke.  Anyone with a sense of what makes good sci-fi, or a good story in general, will have nothing but contempt for this steaming pile of excrement on celluloid (or blu-ray, in this case).
B0026P3G12|5.0|Susan Boyle's voice is a treasure. The songs she chose are unique and refreshing and you get the sense she is singing from her heart as well as singing the songs she loved from early on. I will say, the I Dreamed a Dream song had more passion when she sang it in front of a live audience. Looking forward to her next album as well.  This product was a gift for a friend.
B000ZN803G|5.0|had to return it because it was the wrong format for the US. Got a speedy refund. Thanks!
0143117157|5.0|A powerfully moving account of the impact of perhaps one of the most  incredibly haumane and politically gifted individuals of all time, Nelson Mandella. (In reading this one cannot help but think of Ghandi.)  The story of the transformation of South Africa, as put forth by this gifted author, John Carlin, is mesmerizing. Hard to put down. We are introduced to an array of individuals, on both sides of the predgeudicial conflict.  The descriptions of the personalities involved are vivid and individualized in a most comprehensive manner.  You develop a true feel for the ingrained vitriol of each.  To witness the transcendant changes that these people went through is at once exceptionally emotional, and at the same time heart rendering.  Well written. You are there involved in the excitement of the moment.  The significance of a single sporting event, the world cup rugby competition in 1995, held in South Africa, and its impact on bringing the two cultures together, is absolutely fascinating.  A most enjoyable adventure to read this book. Of course I am definitely looking forward to seeing the movie, but doubt that it could be as good as this book. Hope a lot of people read it.
B000KX0HVY|5.0|Being a casual fan of Elvis, and liking more songs I had heard year by year in various places etc...when this one became available I finally decided to pick it up. Other than the obvious big hits, it has some lesser known songs for the casual fan like myself who wanted to go to the next level.     Never really been a fan of his gospel or love songs for the most part, but have taken a liking to some I had never heard like \\"If I Can Dream\\", \\"Kentucky Rain\\" (which are both up there in the top ten favs of Elvis now). \\"Fever\\" is a song I like also that just burns in a good way perhaps.    Basically, there's 34 songs on here I really like out of the 40, and a couple I could go either way eventually...plus the ones I skip. But overall this is a nice surprise since it's twice as many songs or more that I like now and most of them i had barely heard before if ever.
B0015DYIH2|5.0|My favorite book in the series. Yes, it might be predictable at times but so were aspects of all the other books. Finally a happy ending - not sure why other reviewers had such an issue with that. I found it light, refreshing and it left me in a good mood.
B002HWRYJE|5.0|Awesome movie!  I'd have to rate this one right up there with Stark Trek \\"First Contact\\".
B000ENUYFY|5.0|A future Classic for the next generation - great for a wide age range.This was purchased as a birthday gift for an 11 yr old. Equally loved by the 19,22 and 50 yr old members of the family.
0307346617|4.0|This was a pretty good book, but every time you were getting into the story it would just end.  I guess that was the authors intent to keep the story fresh, but I found it annoying.  Right when the best part was coming it was over too quick.  The ending was too abrupt also. I turned the page to find there was nothing there.  Otherwise, this was a pretty good book.  Just seems like so much information was missing.
B002MW50KO|1.0|It hurts, it hurts bad !Please stop ! I'm scared and not feeling well after listening !
B000UNYJXQ|5.0|Excellent documentary! Highly recommended for anyone wishing to be aware of the medical insurance crises in the United States and compared to other \\"health care systems\\" in other countries. Required for any debate or discussion on \\"Health Care Reform\\".
B002PMV9FG|3.0|They did it again. I don't blame the British actors for collecting pay checks on another film, but if you are following the series, be glad there is only one book left for the film makers to screw up. I expect the boys at WB to try to slip by with 3D, advertisements/blurbs about nude scenes, and special effects next time. The whole series is about growing up, integrity, honesty, friendship, and getting on with life. Hollywood keeps getting lost in their own cleverness, and forgets the point of the story.
0805091742|4.0|Summary:  Complex tasks abound  Pilots and Surgeons need them  Lists save lives simply    Author:  Gawande, Doc, Surgeon  Crisp, clear, smart, engaging prose  Will read more of his    Opinion:  Solid perspectives  Applicable ideas  Compelling, fast read
B000WGWQG8|5.0|This is compelling history.  Very well done and entertaining.  I would recommend this to anyone interested in the late eighteenth and early nineteenth century.
0688091717|5.0|I was very interested in this book. It has been my first purchase in Amazon and it has been good. I didn't choose a new one but a used one in good conditions, cheaper. I ordered it 11/28/09 and I have received it today 01/09/10, may be a long time to deliver but Christmas time has been in the middle.
0786868724|5.0|I have all of Mitch Albom's books (except sports-themed)and I have enjoyed each and every one of them.  They always make me pause,think about the important things in life and reprioritize. I keep his books close at hand to refer back to when things get stressful or out of whack.
B002PMV9K6|5.0|I know there are many who will critique each Harry Potter movie for its flaws, continuity errors, or omissions from the books, but my family and I are unapologetic Harry Potter movie fans.  We LOVE spending time together on a Harry Potter film festival.  Therefore, we love this move also.  Sure, folks can say that there is too much time spent on adolescent social issues, but this just reflects the age of Harry, Ron, and Hermione in this book.  We highly recommend making a bowl of popcorn and just enjoying it for its mystery and sheer entertainment value.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|Wonderful series.  My 24 year old son requested it for a gift this year.
B001NLKWLW|5.0|One of the best books I've read in a long time.  A family mystery that is revealed through the point of view of three characters at different time periods.  I couldn't put it down but also didn't want it to end!  This is a book that I would go back to and read again.  Highly recommended!
B0026P3G12|4.0|I loved Susan's soaring voice on Britain's Got Talent when she sang \\"I Dreamed a Dream\\".  She toned it way down for this CD.  Also, she really missed the boat with \\"How Great Thou Art\\".  She should have sung more than just the 'how great thou art' and more of the entire song and put her heart and soul into it.    Overall, I love the CD and look forward to her next one.
B000UPGQQW|5.0|Sorry Twilight fans! Twilight was a good movie but this is the ulitmate vampire movie! If you are looking for a vampire movie that has action and is about vampires and not just a chick flick of vampires falling in love -this is the movie for you! I have seen every vampire movie out there and this beats them all! The storyline, the action, and actors/actresses was just awesome! This a movie I can watch over and over and not get sick of it. If  you haven't watched it-Watch It! you won't regret it!
B00004X10B|5.0|I bought this bag to use for my second function shoot (wedding - aaaaccckkk!!!) because I wanted to bring backups of everything (bodies, flashes, etc)  It arrived two days before the event and I was so jazzed...it worked perfectly and had a great layout of small pockets and a flexible array of lens and body slots given the velcro setup options.  I fit a TON of batteries, two bodies, two flashes, three lenses, a diffuser, a charger, and still had room for powerbars and water!  I felt more like a pro having all in this one bag (even though I am not!)than two smaller, unmatching ones...It's a confidence booster for sure and when you are trying to improve your shooting and instill faith in your clients, every little bit helps.  Great bag.  Highly recommended.  I also agree with the first reviewer's statement that this is a good option as an airline carryon...vacation with your camera and your essentials on the plane.  Comfy strap.
B0025KVLTM|2.0|REMIX CHANGED INSTUMENTS AND VOCALS PLACEMENT BY ALTERING, AT TIMES THE VOCALS AND INSTRUMENTS RELATIONSHIPS FROM FOREGROUND TO BACKGROUND. SOUNDS LIKE THOSE DOING THE REMASTERING THOUGHT, \\" IF WE MAKE THESE CHANGES IT WILL SOUND EVEN BETTER\\" THE SAMENESS WOULD BE BEST AS THE BEATLES HAD IT JUST RIGHT. IT SOUNDS DIFFERENT, DISAPPOINTED.
B002PMV9FG|4.0|For those who have enjoyed previous adaptations of J.K. Rowling's novels, this movie will not disappoint.  The feature is packed with action, fantasy, and a little bit of love.  Unfortunately, the push to Blu-Ray means that this edition is lacking in the special features available in previous Harry Potter DVDs.  Nevertheless, this is a good value for DVD watchers.
B000EMGAOY|5.0|I'm a 50-year-old man who still thinks the music made by bands such as MC5, Stooges, Trooper, Montrose, Humble Pie, Mandrill, Brick, Kleeer, and Lakeside will never be topped as far as hard rock and punk funk goes, and I received this album as a Xmas gift from my 23-year-old daughter, who still thinks she can teach an old dog some new tricks. I have no interest in inserting myself into the raging debate about whether this album represents a return, a departure, or a further slide for the RHCP. I'm only here to say one thing: \\"She's Only 18\\" is the best song I've heard in a long, long time. It's playful, raunchy, rockin', euphoric, and big-hearted all at once. The slinky little eye-fluttery wawaaing guitar riff mirroring the vocals on the verses shows perfect restraint, setting up the power chords of the chorus. Brilliant.
B002RSDW80|2.0|My wife had wanted to see this for a long time. We did. She didn't dislike it as much as I, but she was hardly impressed. I was somewhere between annoyed and exasperated. There is simply nothing good to say about it. The characters are bland (despite the over-the-top Meryl crucifixion of Julia,, there's really not much there), and though there may be a good story in here, we never see it. Julie is tedious, a self-absorbed, vain, selfish, and boring affectatious jerk. (I was hardly surprised to read that she has had a few, umm, marital issues since her success.) Julia is wild and crazy, but unreal. How this flighty and high-strung wacko could do what the real Julia did is not plausible.<br /><br />That Buick was lovely. The scenery great. Amy Adams is a star to be. But this tepid consomme was dull, dull, dull, dull, dull.
B002FOQY2M|2.0|No matter how talented and artistic \\"Fun\\" is, it doesn't compensate for the lack of good sounding music throughout this album. When i started listening to it i was expected the picture painting to begin, but all i got was an artist throwing mud at a wall and calling it art. The \\"piano\\" is not pure and the violin does flow well with the direction the band takes. Its almost like riding a slow moving roller coaster than takes a break every so often and then moves on to different track. Fun, may be fun to some, especially those dying to find something new and quirky but the album is not good. This review will probably catch some flack but this is coming from the perspective that mud on a wall is not art, and i'm sure there are lots of people out there who disagree.
B002VPE1AM|4.0|I just got back from seeing Avatar 3D last night and the visuals are stunning. Just look at the end credits and see you will see every major CGI special effects company and product listings like 3D Studio Max etc.  Cameron does a great job of creating an alien world that he had a lot of potential to utilize and didn't.<br />Halfway through the movie I knew I was watching something I had already seen before with Tom Cruise in The Last Samurai[[ASIN:B0001JXOVC The Last Samurai (Two-Disc Special Edition)]], a movie that borrowed heavily from Kevin Costner in Dances with Wolves[[ASIN:B00008PBZZ Dances with Wolves - Extended Cut (Two-Disc Collector's Edition)]].  Once I predicted the ending, I wasn't enthralled by the weak storyline.  Even the end battle was a diappointment.  I was hoping to see Jake Sully battle Colonel Miles Quaritch in one of those fighting mechs, which didn't happen. Yes I am a fan of Gundam, Robotech, Robot Jox, and Transformers.<br />Watching Avatar was a lot like re-watching James Cameron's Aliens [[ASIN:B00012FXAE Aliens (Two-Disc Collector's Edition)]]. In Avatar you have Sigourney Weaver, corporate antagonists, a strong military presence, giant walking mechs, cool military vehicles, and interesting aliens. Only this time the aliens are not out to implant something inside you that will only burst out of your chest later to wreak havoc.  The interesting twist is the humans are the ones doing that.<br />In a way, Avatar is a James Cameron greatest hits film that goes over themes that we have seen over and over again.<br />You have all the common Cameron themes including the dangers of nuclear holocaust, strong female characters, and humans and aliens both using technology.<br />I really wish Cameron would have told a less predictable story.  However, I am glad that Avatar is doing well at the box office to take the attention away from all the bad horror movies that have spawned up over recent years like the awful Paranormal Activities, all those dreadful Saw movies, and endless mind numbing Final Destination films, that make the average movie goer stay home and watch something from Netflix.<br />Avatar will be a good thing if Sci Fi makes a much needed comeback in 2010. Both the Sci Fi and Horror genres are at an all time low.<br />My overall verdict for Avatar is 3 and a half stars. Good for the average movie goer but bad news for the hardcore Sci Fi fan.vies, and endless mind numbing Final Destination films, that make the average movie goer stay home and watch something from Netflix.  Avatar will be a good thing if Sci Fi makes a much needed comeback in 2010. Both the Sci Fi and Horror genres are at an all time low.  My overall verdict for Avatar is 3 and a half stars. Good for the average movie goer but bad news for the hardcore Sci Fi fan.
B001F12J3Y|1.0|when we watched the movie with the 3-D glasses you could see two images ... not sure if there was something wrong with the DVD.  There was an extra outline to the images..very strange!
B000HT3P7E|5.0|This is a great show - a little cheesy at times, but definitely got hooked from this first season.
B0026P3G12|5.0|What can I say.  I was totally thrilled with this disc.  Bought 3.
B002MXA7TC|5.0|I have never heard the group before  I listened on U Tube. Love the mellow sound. Very soothing. Bought it that day.
B001M5UDGS|5.0|I purchaced this for my sister who is a huge fan of nathan fillion. And Josh Whedon is always putting out grat shows. It is non stop laughter. And the comentary is also a musical and it is just as good if not better than the actual dr horrible.Neil Patrick Harris is a great actor and signer LOL. I recomend for any fan of the actors.
B0026P3G12|3.0|The CD is very nice and her voice although not perfect is better than I thought.  However, the choice of songs is quite boring.
B000002J03|5.0|Alright you critics, face the fact, Led Zeppelin rules. Beatles were first, Jimi came to the top, but LZ = Mozart in equivalent music history terms.    I could cite a whole lotta facts and every inch of my knowledge but when you crank it up, Led music is the legendary best rock and roll ever produced, period. Measure it in money or R&R dynamics, LZ is king    Who else could lay down power-blues like Jimmy and Robert, or thunder drums like John, or keyboard/bass like John Paul. History has spoken and every Led recording will be listened to 1000 years from now. I got a whole lotta love for LZ.    LZII is classic, in terms of artistry and money. The object was to make a WHOLE LOTTA $$$ and along the way LZ made history.    Buy LZII, or mp3 it, web snag it, but know this recording! You will understand the true masters of rock and roll history.
0316044695|5.0|This book is great because it is a true story.  First book I ever stayed up late reading because I wanted to know what happened next.  I can't say enough about it.  I heard there was a movie but unable to find it.  If not there should be.
B002R0F3Q2|5.0|I never doubted for one minute that this would be a great album, because I realized that with the previous album, \\"I AM\\"  Alicia had really matured in her music. However, I must say, that this album reaches the heights of greatness. This album is one beautiful and uplifting song after the next. Alicia sings with such passion, using the appropriate emphasis at the right times-not just screaming all over the songs for no reason. The lyrics of each song (with the exception of light songs such as \\"Put it in a love song\\" and \\"This Bed\\" are so deep and thought provoking. The aforementioned songs are nice songs, but they contrast with the rest of the album, in that they are light and fun. \\"Love is Blind\\" reminds me of \\"Falling\\" from her first album. Not in its melody. But in the way she was able to go to the \\"bottom\\" of her emotions and a woman's unconditional love for the object of her affection. \\"Try Sleeping with a broken heart\\" is a great song that is also catchy. At the beginning of the song, you can feel that this song is going to  get into your soul. \\"Distance and Time\\", \\"How it feels to fly\\" and \\"That's how strong my love is\\" are GREAT balads. Unthinkable (I'm rady) is another great song. But this song is more R&B than the others. And it's beat just oozes into you. This song is so sexy. If you don't have someone who makes you feel like that, it will make you wanna find someone who does!  Something that I noticed on this album, which I think differs from her previous albums, is that Alicia really focused on the instrumental aspect of her music.  She really gets into the \\"music\\" and you actually hear really nicely put together melodies that sound very harmonious. This album is beyond impressive.
B002P4VUMQ|5.0|Interesting fact...    most of these songs have been released, either on his \\"We Steal Things\\"  album or earlier.  Doesn't matter. He freshens them up and  it is a thrill to hear them again and again.  He also does a cover of \\"All Night Long\\"  that will keep you dancing the night away.. even if it is in your living room.   And  he has a new release ( I believe)   \\"ANYTHING YOU WANT\\"   which could easily be his next big hit!!!     I am a huge fan!! If you have been to one of his concerts...  this one takes you there again.  Great album...!!!
031606792X|3.0|As a 61 year old reader of this entire series, I found author's ability to portray adult thoughts, emotions and feelings through the eyes of a teenager outstanding and appropriate. Great book.
159448385X|5.0|I loved Kite Rinner, and I really enjoyed reading this one as well. The author's descriptions helped me to paint such a vivid picture in my mind, the characters really came alive. The book was very hard to put down!
0143113100|4.0|A very interesting survey of neuroplasticity. The author tells compelling stories of the struggles and triumphs of both the scientists and the subjects in the evolving field of brain science.  Diodge is an interesting guide and a fine writer who takes the reader on an informative journey into a field most of us know little about. If you find this subject interesting, I suggest you see the video,\\"Touch the Sound\\", the story of Evelyn Glennie.  Evelyn is a world renown percussionist who went deaf at age 8 and, though it is not discussed as neuroplasticity, it is.  She trained her brain to \\"hear\\" by using her body to \\"touch the sound\\".  It's an artful and incredibly interesting example of these brain science concepts brought to life.  \\"Soul Made Flesh\\" is another terrific book about the early, 17th century, history of brain studies.  The author, Carl Zimmer is a terrific writer.  The common thread, aside from the brain, is the eternal struggle that innovative ideas have, the constant resistance they meet and their eventual acceptance.
0446618306|5.0|Best book I read in years!! It got me hooked and I ended it in one night! Best of all Nicholas Sparks books...
0316286850|5.0|I not only purchased this book for myself but I have also given it as a gift. I love it and the person I gave it to was overjoyed! It is the bed makeup book I have ever read and I would recommend it to anyone!
B000VYX8PE|5.0|I have read all of the series of unfortunate events books 4 times now and I am on book 6 for the 5th time! I love these books and they are great fun to read over and over again! Lemony Snicket is a brilliant writer.A great buy!!
0307269981|3.0|[[ASIN:0956313221 Deadly Secrets]]<br /><br />Having been disappointed with GWDT on many levels, I found GWPWF much more satisfying and less frustrating to read whilst also finding it retains many of the \\"annoying\\" characteristics of GWDT.<br /><br />On a positive note, it is the main characters continue to be developed very well, especially Salandar (who is at the end of day the central character) and the story develops well (apart from Caribbean incident which I have to assume has something to do with third book - if not what the hell is it doing in this book?).<br /><br />However, there are way too many characters at some stage (especially police) in the book and the interchanging in same paragraph of reference by first name and then surname can be confusing.  There is also, especially towards the end, quite a lot of repetition of previous actions from another characters POV which I think is often unnecessary - although I can see why Larsson may have felt the need to re-explain/summarise what had been going on as the plot is quite convoluted.<br /><br />I also got no feel whatsoever of the locations constantly being referred to, i.e. no descriptions of buildings, surroundings (except Salandar's new pad!) and there are just too many passages describing movements within Stockholm which at the end of the day are meaningless unless you know Stockholm very well.  I also only got a real sense of what time of the year this was happening towards the end when the spring weather is referred to.<br /><br />As with GWDT, some passages describing actions are just too long and become tedious, e.g. Holmberg taking inventory of flat.<br /><br />There are also some unusual \\"coincidences\\" which serve to help story along, e.g. Salandar seeing Bjurman in Caf&eacute;  Hedon and Blomkvist happening to be passing Salandar's apartment early in the morning and seeing her being attacked.  At 120Kg Lundin is described as fat so strange that he can outrun Salandar - bikers such as him are not renowned for being fit.  Also Blomkvist \\"being astonished at how empty the streets in Stockholm were at 3.00am on a Sunday night\\" - I would expect them to be empty!<br /><br />The \\"description\\" of the computer's contents is strange - \\"contained everything from software to letters, downloaded articles and PDF files\\" Well of course it would have software what computer doesn't? Describing content as \\"letters, articles and PDF files\\" is just strange to me - files are what are saved on computers.<br /><br />Describing the \\"longest word\\" document as 128Kb is wrong - that is the SIZE of the file not necessarily the length of the document (which would be in pages or words).  It could be bigger but shorter than another document i it has a picture or graphic embedded in it.<br /><br />Then the amounts of money being mentioned for bonuses and deals do not seem to \\"coincide\\" in terms of \\"value\\".  For example, Millenium staff get a 25.000 bonus which = 1 months pay but Lundin losses 100,000 on an arms deal and this is described as a BIG loss (yet makes 250,000 at least on each drugs deal).  Finally the price for delivering Salandar is 10,000 - less than half a month's salary for Millennium staff!<br /><br />Then, we get back to the unnecessary detail, e.g. Mac Powerbook, with 43cm screen, 120Gb hard drive and 1,000 MB RAM - who cares!  Also how can Blomkvist power up Salandar's computer without a password - surely it would have one?<br /><br />So in short, a better (more realistic, if still stretching the imagination in places) story then GWDT and we have a much better understanding of Salandar's character and the reasons for this (though having Aspergers is just not realistic - what she suffered, along with her \\"natural\\" character, would probably be enough to make her so introverted and wary/suspicious of authority).<br /><br />Nevertheless, still, in my opinion, too long with unnecessary/irrelevant details and some plainly confusing/wrong information - computer contents andrelative \\"value\\" of money and no sense at all of place.<br />[[ASIN:0956313221 Deadly Secrets]]
B002LE8EFQ|5.0|Okay, we all know who Susah Boyle is by now, right? So I'll just get right to it.<br /><br />I am a music producer and I listen to recordings with a most critical ear to detail.<br /><br />To begin: The song choices seemed odd to me... until I heard the arrangements and her vocal renditions. Who would have thought \\"Daydream Believer\\" would actually be such a tender song in her care? Or \\"Wild Horses\\"? But for the blown final line (wherein she did NOT sing \\"... we'll ride them someday\\"), my only real disappointment with her take on this song, it was well crafted and presented. And I love \\"Who I Was Born To Be\\", which was written specifically for Susan. And, yes, \\"I Dreamed A Dream\\" is here as well. It is a worthwhile rendition, though her first live performance all the world witnessed (thank you Youtube, you've earned your right to exist!) was superior simply because she was singing for her \\"life\\" and full of adrenalin and in front of an audience in a make or break circumstance.<br /><br />Yes, if we want to be overly critical, some choices seem trite. But Susan sings them all with such a conviction and sincerity (her producer must be commended for letting her do nothing less!) that you forgive the odd mis-steps and choices of instrumentation (along with the use of the choir behind her on a few - a bit much at times, but which actually did serve to knit things together across the album's breadth). I am glad they gave Susan the nod to do the hymns, too. Commendable choices here as well and you could tell they were important to her.<br /><br />Second: The production. Well, I would have liked to have heard a real string section on some of the tunes. The overly fat sounding synth and sampled strings certainly created \\"atmosphere\\", and this album does have that, even a little too much at times. But in some offerings I felt this took away from the intimacy that was evident in the arrangements of a few of the songs. I wanted them to be as if sung directly for me, just the two of us alone in a room somewhere.<br /><br />Now I said this was an inspiring freshman effort. And it really is. I am so glad this was produced in the UK because if it had been done in the USA, they surely would have felt the need to make the album \\"pop\\", which is to say, include some really trite, shallow and flavour of the day tune(s) we would all forget in a month. This is not to say that the UK doesn't fall prey to this trivial approach. But Susan Boyle really deserves a true shot at a real and lasting career. And with this first effort, she has been afforded the solid foundation for just such a run.<br /><br />This album sits in my player and will be heard again and again, not because of the novelty, but because Susan is talented, and her voice is capable of quite a bit of variety; and it was so well crafted as the choice of material actually works and holds together through repeated listening. And that is praise we all would love to have for our labours.<br /><br />And that means that I wait with great expectation for her sophomore effort, hoping the producers don't stumble and try to \\"outdo\\" themselves in the process. They will, I pray, take their time, choose the songs wisely - and give Susan a fair hand in selections and choices to include. Oh, and could you dial down that \\"atmosphere\\" thing a bit in the process while you're at it? Thank you.<br /><br />And with the sales count running in excess of 4 million and counting, they had better be giving her a fair royalty point! She's earned it. Hey, Susan. Renegotiate your contract to make it happen. How can they refuse?e.    Now I said this was an inspiring freshman effort. And it really is. I am so glad this was produced in the UK because if it had been done in the USA, they surely would have felt the need to make the album \\"pop\\", which is to say, include some really trite, shallow and flavour of the day tune(s) we would all forget in a month. This is not to say that the UK doesn't fall prey to this trivial approach. But Susan Boyle really deserves a true shot at a real and lasting career. And with this first effort, she has been afforded the solid foundation for just such a run.    This album sits in my player and will be heard again and again, not because of the novelty, but because Susan is talented, and her voice is capable of quite a bit of variety; and it was so well crafted as the choice of material actually works and holds together through repeated listening. And that is praise we all would love to have for our labours.    And that means that I wait with great expectation for her sophomore effort, hoping the producers don't stumble and try to \\"outdo\\" themselves in the process. They will, I pray, take their time, choose the songs wisely - and give Susan a fair hand in selections and choices to include. Oh, and could you dial down that \\"atmosphere\\" thing a bit in the process while you're at it? Thank you.    And with the sales count running in excess of 4 million and counting, they had better be giving her a fair royalty point! She's earned it. Hey, Susan. Renegotiate your contract to make it happen. How can they refuse?
B001DJ7PMI|5.0|I got this for my father's bday. He loved it! He went to the JFK Museum awhile back and got really interested in the subject.
B000055Y0X|5.0|This movie is excelent, a very good black comedy, i recommend to every kubrick lover
B0028RXXE8|5.0|This is a story about \\"small\\" people under the big historical scenario. There are something you are very familiar with, and there are something that will surprise you.     In my opinion, this TV show is much better than Gladiator. Absolutely the best history TV show ever!
B00000I07P|5.0|Go on, admit it. You used to love Bon Jovi back in the day too, didn't you?     Sure, their mix of pop-metal and working-class rock is regarded as very uncool in the 2000's, but this album was a classic of its time. 'Slippery When Wet' is big, loud, unashamed 80's stadium rock; huge riffs, huge choruses and huge hair. But unlike the other \\"hair\\" bands, who were mostly all show and no chops, Bon Jovi were actually pretty talented. They could write great arena anthems like 'Raise Your Hands', 'Social Disease', 'Wild In The Strets', 'Let It Rock', and the massive hits 'You Give Love A Bad Name' and 'Livin On A Prayer'. But they could also branch out a bit to incorporate Western imagery on 'Wanted Dead Or Alive', or go for a more reflective mood on 'Without Love' and the relatively poignant 'Never Say Goodbye'. The latter two songs are a good example of why Bon Jovi survived and reinvented themselves as a more adult-contemporary band in the 90's; unlike most other rock/metal bands, Bon Jovi's ballads never sound forced or embarrassing.    While there were some huge hit singles, the best thing about 'Slippery When Wet' is its consistency; there's not one weak song here. Just about every track from the album could have been released as a single, and actually it's a bit surprising that they didn't do a Michael Jackson and try to spin off even more hits. 'Without Love' in particular would have been a massive success had it been released as a single.    Yes, it's very much of its time, and it won't win you too many points in the style stakes to been caught listening to this in 2010. But so what? 'Slippery When Wet' is simply great stadium rock that you can play loud and sing along with. What more do you want?
B000YABIQ6|4.0|I was hesitant to write a review--after all, there are already so many.  Yet, I found myself so thoroughly enjoying this show that I couldn't resist adding my 2 cents.    I had heard that the show took place in the 60's and was a fairly accurate account of life then--reflecting on business, the attitudes of men, the place of women, the homogenous business world.  None of which sounded like I would enjoy the show.  And yet, it came with such high praises that i was very compelled to  at least give it a try.    And I am glad I did.  Yes, it was a bigoted time.  Men treated women in a way that i find less than desirable.  Some women behaved in a way that diminished themselves just as much as the men diminished them.  But I found it almost comical--making it so glaringly obvious that the attitudes and behaviors were not the highest of human potential.  It actually reminds me of the way I feel about All in the Family--all in the family was a bigoted show that I think was really making fun of bigotry rather than promoting it.    The story also makes me reflect on my own life--how am i influenced by media?  how do i diminish myself?  But better than all of the reflection that I find myself doing--I enjoy the humor and great story line as well.    And also to specifically speak of the product and not just the series--I love that this has an auto play feature on the disc.  I know it sounds like  a minor thing--but i like the ability to just press auto play and it plays all the episodes on the disc rather than you having to go back to the main menu after each show and selecting the next one. The extras found on the DVD include interviews and commentaries, photos, and other things.  I didn't purchase this for the extras.  If i had to pick an extra that i enjoyed was the music.  Other than that, I prefer not to spend too much time on the extras.        I would have to agree with other reviewers and the media hype--that this is one of the best shows on tv.  although i do have others that i consider better--this is still up there as a must see.
1416594787|5.0|This book was in great shape when I received it and it arrived in a very timely manner (even before Christmas).
B000YIGNKE|5.0|Received the item in a timely manner. As promised, was in original packaging, brand new. Thanks!
0783222149|5.0|A glorious movie that has it all - adventure, scenery, soundtrack, casting perfect for the roles and the underlying story set in the wild country of Montana.      It opens with fluid movement of a boat gliding through gold-touched, calm water that grabs the viewer the  moment the sound track begins to play; a splendidly filmed intro of Streep rowing in the placid water of an Old Boston setting, complete with the big, gentle river overhung with foilage and it's Revolutionary background of stunning old stonework of building and bridge; she is obviously keeping in shape for her trip back to her homeland and it's wild river; but as it progresses, we glimpse into her psyche; it is not merely an exercise, it is an internal challenge with herself; she must row under the bridge before the train rumbles across it.  You witness intimately the determination building in her expression as she makes her thrust into the final stretch. Beginning with this moment, it unfolds into the underlying theme, poignant in it's simplicity - and although it's been said before, \\"many times, many ways\\", it pulls it off splendidly as it begins to delve into the best and the worst of us, and of the undiscovered elements lying deep within the character of people we know or should know - best.    It is about Gail, a strong, adventurous Alpha female confident of her abilities, and of sound character played with anticipated magnificence by Meryl Streep; her little boy, Roarke, whom she desires to keep in close contact with her own family roots even though they are living half a continent and culture away, in Boston; her husband, Tom, (great job by David Straithairn) for whom she has lost respect and feels that he is not only struggling in his work as an architect, but has, in the process, sold his soul to it and can think of nothing else.  As we discover, nothing could be farther from the truth.    Kevin Bacon as Wade, the modern day outlaw who has masterminded - if that is the right word - an armed robbery of a cattle auction, establishes his \\"real bad boy\\" role with talent, and his slow-witted but harmless companion, played by John C. Reilly, has found himself deep in a situation he is ill-equipped to play with.  The unlikely combination of individual people and their problems meet fatefully at the wilderness river where they are all embarking down it for entirely different reasons; and from there it becomes a battle of wits, arrogance vs ingenuity and ability, Love against Lost; with the bonds between Gail, Tom and Roarke that have nearly been broken by circumstance brought together once again by need. I suspect that Tom will return to Boston with a new opinion of himself.    A beautiful movie, directed and cast impeccably, this is one for the home collection, in my view - and I highly recommend it as one to watch over and over again, never tiring in the scope of the message - and being transported from the serene, New England intro as it melds into wild white water and mountainous splendor.
B002KQ6BT6|2.0|I've read all of Dan Brown's books and have no one but myself to blame. I first read Angels and Demons and enjoyed a good suspensful story; however, every book after and before (I don't know the order of publication) follows the exact same formula. The first time you meet the \\"SECRET\\" villian when he is not described simply as the shadowy voice or figure (that is someone trusted and known to Langdon or the main character) you always know that he will end up being the bad guy at the end of the story.    Dan Brown is a lucky man to make a living writing, a very good living, for such predictable \\"suspense thrillers\\".    This is of course just my opinion.
B001GCUER0|5.0|I think that mad men only improved as it went into season 2.  Sometimes dramas can pull off a good first season and then they fall apart.  Not so with mad men.  Very captivating, intelligent, humorous, and awesome TV.  I do feel that it is best to watch season 1 first since season 2 builds on the characters in season 1.  mad men also, interestingly, makes me grateful for the world i live in today.      One of the few great tv series that is great to own so you can watch it again and again.      DVD extras are not something i have explored yet so I can't comment on them.      Enjoy
0452295548|5.0|The book I ordered, \\"My Stroke of Insight\\", arrived in excellent condition and in a very short time after placing my order.
0811806405|4.0|Good book but we needed to return due to all ready have one on the shelves
B002OHDRF2|1.0|I have enjoyed previous Terminator movies but with all due respect, this one reeks. If is vastly inferior to the others and you need to save your money until/if a real one is made in the future!
B000P0J0EW|4.0|The DVD was what I expected, new.  It was on time and in perfect shape.  Oh yeah, it's a good movie too.  A future classic.
B002LE8EFQ|5.0|This cd is amazing! It is so nice in this day and age to come across ordinary people with such natural talent.  She should have been found out long ago! You go Susan!! Please keep making us cd's to listen and enjoy for as long as you can. My husband loves the cd too! God Bless, Susan Boyle!
B0010VD7EO|5.0|I bought this CD for my son.  It was much cheaper to buy from Amazon and I listened to several songs before purchase.  He was very happy with it!
B00005LB50|4.0|I have mixed feelings about this boxed set.<br />Now, I'll be the first to grant you that Neil Young has an ego as big as all outdoors, but I don't think this project is something that feeds his ego at the expense of his bandmates.  I think he did quite well by them.<br />I enjoyed hearing the demos, which sometimes contain a remarkable freshness and naivete. They can also be informative--the difference between the demo version of Steve Stills' \\"Hung Upside Down\\" and its final album version is astonishing.<br />It was a pleasure finally to hear the complete version of \\"Down, Down, Down,\\" a song that should have been recorded in its own right long ago. And I frankly think Young is doing everyone a favor in not including the overhyped extended version of \\"Bluebird.\\"<br />But. . .<br />Yes, having two versions of every cut from the first two albums is at least one too many, particularly since many of them also have demo versions included.  I doubt if most people will be able to hear the difference between the stereo and mono versions; such niceties don't seem to matter much these days.<br />The booklet is awful.  Most of it seems to be cobbled together from Young's personal scrapbook or something.  That's all right as far as it goes, but it's put together so sloppily that it's impossible to garner any real information from it.  And let's face it, the packaging is kind of shabby.<br />I'd have liked to have \\"The Hour of Not Quite Rain\\" here.  I'd also have liked the album version of \\"On the Way Home,\\" just for comparison purposes.  Live tracks would have been nice, but it's not clear that those recordings actually exist. I'm not sure that this is worth the entire price of admission, but it's definitely not a waste of time, either.
B0026P3G12|5.0|This was a gift to my sister who is a big fan of Susan Boyle.  She was thrilled with the CD and said that she has converted her husband as well to being a fan of Boyle's music.  Sounds like I need to get one for myself.
1401323820|5.0|Bought it for the wife as a gift, she enjoyed it very much. Cost half the price by ordering through Amazon. Thanks!!!
B002RSDW80|5.0|The movie was tastefully done. Both actresses are brillant.  We had seen Merle Streep in other movies and have become fans of hers. She is very versatile in every role she plays and does her role superbly. We saw this film in the movies and when it came out on dvd, I bought it for my wife's birthday. She was thrilled, as she wanted that the dvd.
B002PMV9K6|5.0|Hi this movie is good you can buy this movie or rent the movie for widescreen or fullscreen and you can call my house my home phonenumber is 610-326-5093 or call 610-507-5060
B000R4SMCW|5.0|We saw this movie over a year ago. My husband said he would like it for his DVD collection and I waited until it came down to a phenomenal low price ($5.) It was a \\"bonus\\" Christmas gift that he didn't expect.
B002JIOQCO|5.0|I know the knocks against Wolfmother and their debut album and true or not, I was curious to hear their sophmore effort.    After Muse disappointed me with their newest effort my skepticism peaked.  But here's the thing:  Wolfmother delivers---all around.    No cliche sounds or 'rip off' from 60-70's rock.  No stagnating songs that drag on or slow down the album.    Just pure rock, through and through.    And I give them 5 stars here for a few reasons, including:    1.  This album IS better than their first.  Hard to do.  2.  It's different, more unique, clearly more defined and all their own.  3.  It's solid from beginning to end.  I didn't skip one song the first two times I listened to it.  I don't intend to the next 10 times I do.    Is this really a breakthrough 5-star album that will stand the test of time?    Hard to tell.    One thing is for sure, as of now, this is one of the, if not the best (mainstream) rock albums I've heard in a while and that alone deserves 5 star status.
B0026P3G12|3.0|There is no question that Ms. Boyle's voice is a sonic delight, and it comes through in virtually every song on this recording. The disappointment is in the obvious lack of stylistic coaching she had with styles unfamiliar to her. I have no doubt that with a better support team this could have been a much more rewarding CD. The smarmy choral white noise is really annoying in a few selections, and her potential is completely unrealized in \\"How Great Thou Art.\\" I look forward to hearing much more of Susan Boyle, but in recordings that meld her vocal talents with a varied repertoire that exhibits more than just her voice, impressive as it is. As a début album this could and should have been more satisfying when one considers the enormous potential the producers had to work with.
B002NXSRVG|5.0|son-in-law happy with it.  was the same price as in the stores, but no shipping charge or sales  tax.  arrived when promised.
0143116177|3.0|I read it for a book club, and am pointing that out because I am not sure if I would have picked up this book otherwise. I found it to be educational and enjoyable. Anyone interested (or involved in) the financial industry, equity and bond markets, and government, and anyone who has more than a passing interest in macroeconomics would do well to pick up this book. It is well-researched and well-written, and if you are a fan of Taleb's \\"Black Swan,\\" you will find this book to be a validation of Taleb's thesis. It is also extremely timely. The financial meltdown of 2007 seems inevitable when see in the context of history. There are useful lessons to be learned (in between the lines) for all of us who wonder where to invest our savings.    In the end, however, given that financial history is not an area of fascination for me, and I find the pursuit of wealth to be a bit boring, the book was an \\"okay\\" read, which is a reflection more of my preferences than the author's capabilities.
B000WAEJZ0|4.0|Very good greatest hits cd. Only flaw is it is missing the hit \\"You Give Good Love\\" does not make sense why they would leave this off. Other then that it a nice collection.
B002Q9VP4I|5.0|Fantastic transfer of SCREAM.  DTS 5.1 track is excellent.  Too bad this version has no extras, however, since Scream 4 is a time away, we probably won't get our fix of Scream on blu ray for the next year or two till it comes out.  This will more than carry you over with great 1080p picture quality and DTS surround sound.  This Australian release will play on your US player (Playstation 3, etc).  Two thumbs way way up.
0061537969|5.0|I didn't think that anyone was really capable of understanding the animal experience - we are humans, after all. Stein surprised me completely with this account, with a voice that is so true and sophisticated that I sat afterward and thought, then reread it again and cried again.<br /><br />An amazing treasure, one that should be bought and read immediately, and then kept close to the heart.
1400063515|5.0|I loved this book! Perhaps because it resonated with some core beliefs within me that I have never been able to articulate (well, not as clearly as Taleb does). I like the new way I am now looking at uncertainty, and risk, and predictions, and experts, and the 80/20 \\"rule.\\" I can't believe I waited so long to read it. Bring on the black swans!
0805091742|5.0|What makes this little book persuasive is that Atul Gawande remains a skeptic for his manifesto: \\"I know it sounds silly.  I've been there,\\" he seems to say; \\"but I saw this applied and I tried it myself and it works.\\" This is for the best - otherwise, the book would have been preachy and likely a flop.  Instead, it comes across as a powerful case for the checklist, a practice whose adoption, while slow and often troubled, seems to bring extraordinary results.    Mr. Gawande's point of departure is medicine - he is a surgeon - but his cases and examples come from aviation, construction, and finance.  Combined, they show checklists, which ensure basic questions are asked before or during a task, yield a significant improvement in outcomes: Flights stay in the air or land safely, buildings stay erect, investments are sounder, and patients live.      The case for the checklist ultimately comes from its results, but Mr. Gawande makes more than an \\"it works\\" argument for it.  Tasks are increasingly complex while professionals are fallible - it is no shame to admit that in tough situations, people can cut corners or get so overwhelmed they forget to perform basic tasks or ask basic questions.  Professionalism without discipline is no good, Mr. Gawande, seems to say - or at, can be much better with discipline.  This short book makes a powerful case why this is so.
B0026P3G12|2.0|I was so inspired by Susan's appearance on BGT, I bought the CD wanting to hear more from her. The selection of songs was most disappointing with mostly self-centered pieces mixed in, quite oddly, with tired evangelical hymns. I did not find any of the pieces inspiring and thought she did much better with \\"I Dreamed A Dream\\" on BGT than on the CD. I hope she can find the guidance she needs to produce a truly beautiful album which, I believe, she is certainly capable of.
B001AQT11M|5.0|The colors were so vivid in this edition.  My four year old danced and giggled during the entire movie!
B0019M06JS|5.0|It took three weeks to arrive but I did get it in time to deliver as a Christmas gift.
B0025KVLV0|5.0|After watching the Elvis '68 comeback dvd, one has to wonder if Paul's idea for the  film Let it Be sprung from watching Elvis as ge launches himself back into music relevance.  Similarities abound. The Elvis show was made for TV but unique then was its concept to   bring a live stage show intimately close to a small audience while using the most basic of  instruments available. Years later the practice would evolve into what we now call UNPLUGGED.   \\"Let it be\\" bears the same effect but it was recreated for the big green. Paul's orginal idea  being to show how the Beatles create music. Starting from a Beatles vague whisper in the head   leading to to its conclusion, a finished work of art. It's reality TV, regressed to it's earliest   and perhaps its best form. Their's was an amazing era, made ever more relevant now by a vacuum  in today's music for quality that drives entire societies forward.
B001U0D77C|5.0|Very original plot.  Great mystery & acting.  One of the best 100 films of all time.
0762434279|1.0|I ordered this book for my sisiter expecting it to be just like my copy of the book.  It was in fact a minitautre book, a 2\\" by 2\\" (aproximately) book with very little of the information inside.  This is a great book, I just didn't get what I thought I ordered.
B002JH3TW8|5.0|Got it today to connect 24 in alum iMac to Western Digital MyBook 1TB external hard drives using their old Firewire400 cords. Seems to work so far. Seems sturdily made. I like how it doesn't stick straight out from the back of the computer just begging to be snapped off, like other adapters. Apple now sells this product on their website for more than Amazon.
0451228731|5.0|When the creator of several successful massively multi-player online role playing games dies, his other technical creations begin to activate on and off the world wide web. Regardless of efforts by the authorities, they can't be turned off--and people in the real world begin to die as a result. Some people decide to help and serve the computer programs for fame and fortune, some out of fear. Others fight back. Eventually everyone will have to choose a side, and the very survival of society is at stake.<br />The vision and planning that went into this story is stunning. Daemon is full of intriguing ideas. It is a captivating read with plenty of action and is quite believeable--even the times when you would rather it wasn't. The possibility of the events happening as described in this book is scary.<br />While classified as a \\"techno-thriller,\\" the technology is described in terms the average reader can understand. You don't have to be a computer geek to \\"get it.\\" This was a fun read. Don't pass this one by.
B00335MM00|5.0|This is, by far, the best new comedy of Fall 2009!  Ok, I know what you're thinking...there wasn't much competition, but even so, this show is fabulous!  My husband, who has not enjoyed a network sitcom since Seinfeld,  absolutely LOVES this program!  The casting is spectacular, the writing is fabulous, and the chemistry between the actors is incredible!  I find it hard to believe that this cast hasn't been together for years.  Basically, the show focuses on 3 branches of the same family, how they deal with each other and how they struggle with the unique issues that exist in their familial unit.  The show usually ends with a \\"moral of the story\\" kind of monologue which is both touching and quite unique!  Wow, a comedy with a heart and a brain!  I haven't seen that in a while, how refreshing and original!  Do yourself a favor and give this show a try if you haven't already, you won't be sorry!
B001ADPMQS|4.0|\\"Santa Claus: The Movie\\", from producer Alexander Salkind (\\"Superman\\") and director Jeannot Szwarc (\\"Somewhere In Time\\") gives us the \\"orgin story\\" of Santa Claus. David Huddleston and Judy Cornwell are perfectly cast as Santa and Mrs. Claus. The scene of Santa's first Christmas Eve flight centuries ago, set to a stirring orchestral holiday medley by Henry Mancini, is quite magical and memorable. The trouble doesn't really begin until the 20th Century, when Santa's favorite elf Patch (Dudley Moore), feeling unwanted, leaves the North Pole for New York City where he meets an unscrupulous, dastardly toymaker named B.Z. (John Lithgow in an appropriately over the top, cartoonish performance). Santa befriends a homeless boy named Joe, and B.Z's \\"step-niece\\" Cornelia. The friendly trio unites to save Patch, and Christmas, from the corporate cluthes of B.Z.<br />  The tone of \\"Santa Claus\\" alternates between being genuinely charming, and being a genuine example of 1980's Christmas kitsch. Still, the movie does grow better with age; and I think it deserves to be called a \\"Christmas Classic.\\" Of the more recent Christmas movie crop, only \\"Elf\\" comes close to it in terms of charm, warmth and a real \\"Merry Christmas\\" mood.  I watched \\"Santa Claus\\" twice during the 2009 holiday season (once, after Christmas but before New Year's Eve) and I'm sure I'll be watching it (and \\"Elf\\") for several holiday seasons to come.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|This video is absolutely amazing!  And it looks spectacular in Blu-Ray on an LCD.  We've watched it several times already, and will probably come back to it often in years to come.
B0015AARJI|5.0|Christmas time is always difficult to find products you are looking for at local stores.  Amazon had it at a great price and shipping time was fast.
1573300403|5.0|i loved this dvd the quality is great. i must watch it like everyday it just reminds me how great of a entertainer michael was. i really recommend anyone out there to buy it cause you will really enjoy it.
B0026P3G12|5.0|It is great to see how there is still beautiful and angelic hope for those who are seeking a dream in their lives.  She has shown it is still possible to see your dreams come true.
B002PQ7JQK|5.0|It took me a total time of less than 30 seconds, and I had done a search on google for information regarding the \\"contents\\" and \\"features\\" of these new TOS blu-ray releases and come up with millions of choices to look through. Here is a good one that should explain to you what is contained in these individual sets (boxed together). It frustrates me to NO END when people like the couple reviewers before me here write reviews that are negative without seeming to know or indicate that they know any facts about the product they are actually reviewing. I don't even own this box set yet, but because I glance at reviews and sometimes base my \\"initial\\" opinion of a product on what I see for ratings, reviews are very important to me at first.<br /><br />[...]<br /><br />A whopping 7 disc set. 7 DISCS people; and one of the reviewers before me stated he saw no indication of any extra \\"features\\" to justify the cost. I believe 7 blu ray discs for a small production 3 season show like Star Trek TOS is an enormous cost justification - absolutely overflowing with extras. Now, whether or not these extras are \\"new\\" is another issue entirely, but there certainly are extras, lots of them.
B002776NS2|5.0|I bought this CD several years ago and never get tired of listening to it. Yeha-Noha is one of my favorite songs of all time.
B000FDEU12|5.0|'Continuo' was recorded in December 2005 in Sweden.  The compositions are a mixture of classical, jazz and Middle Eastern music and are played skillfully and with a great amount of pathos.  With Mark Guilliana on the drums, Sam Barsh on piano and Amos Hoffman on the oud (a Middle Eastern string instrument)on four of the ten tracks on this CD; and of course Avishai on the acoustic string bass.  All musicians have plenty of freedom to excel on their instruments.    Nice, melodious tunes to listen to, even though the compositions are complicated, both rhythmically as well as musically.  The CD is well recorded: all instruments are clearly audible and sound as if recorded in a concert hall with magnificent acoustic qualities.  It even sounds terrific in the car!!!
B002TSIMEC|3.0|I actually rate this 3.5 but that option isn't available. I loved Dan Browns initial series but Digital Fortress really did not have the voice or feel of the other books.     This was much closer to his initial writings but still not as strong as Angels and Demons. I think the author has to release himself a little bit from the expectations of everyone (fans / publisher included) and return to what really inspired his initial works. This book shows that inspiration still exists, but hasn't been fully re-ignited (note: this is not unusual for authors who become very popular very quickly).    Once he finds his passion again I believe we can see several more masterful works from this author.
B001E45XT4|4.0|Just got a pair of these for my brother and we both agree that they are comfortable and sound pretty good.  You don't get Bose quality sound but you're not paying 200 dollars for them so what do you expect.<br /><br />A cool setup we figured out: If you use your 360 with your computer monitor buy a 3/32 audio adapter so you can hook the mic into the controller, route your xbox through your computers line in and hook your head phones in through the headphone jack on the computer.  You can not only use your mic and headset but you can also listen to music or a movie off the computer (if you have two screens).  It's pretty great. Just make sure in the xbox menu you route voice through the speakers so you can hear it.<br /><br />Highly recommended.
B001DJ7PQ4|5.0|After three series (Or seasons, if you're American), head writer and executive producer Russell T. Davies, and the entire cast and crew pull out all the stops for the show's fourth year, it's biggest and most ambitious yet! Paired with Donna Noble (The funny and beautiful Catherine Tate), the Doctor (The always-brilliant David Tennant) sets sail on adventures and perils bigger than anything that has come before. Coupled with an outstanding set of supporting characters, including the returns of Jack Harkness, Sarah Jane Smith, Martha Jones, and Rose Tyler, along with new greats such as Donna's Grandfather, Wilfred Mott (Played to perfection by Bernard Cribbins), combined with clever writing, brilliant directing and outstanding visual effects, this season is just brilliant!<br /><br />The highlights of this stellar season include:<br /><br />-\\"Voyage of the Damned,\\" the 2007 Christmas special that combines elements from \\"Titanic\\" and \\"The Poseidon Adventure\\" with sci-fi for a thrilling adventure;<br /><br />-\\"The Fires of Pompeii,\\" where the Doctor and Donna land in the titular Roman City on the eve of it's destruction, only to find the terrifying Pyrovile at work to bring about mankind's destruction;<br /><br />-\\"Silence in the Library/Forest of the Dead,\\" Steven Moffat's two-part contribution to the season, which brings the Doctor and Donna into confrontation with the frightening Vashta Nerada, along with a future acquaintance of the Doctor's;<br /><br />-\\"Midnight,\\" a terrifying scenario by Davies, which has the Doctor stranded with a fearful group of people, and powerless to help, as an unknown alien force possesses one of the passengers, and;<br /><br />-\\"The Stolen Earth/Journey's End,\\" the biggest, most epic conclusion to a series to date, as the Doctor joins forces with companions from the previous three series to combat the Daleks and their sinister creator, Davros.<br /><br />As with previous boxed sets, the series is presented with terrific picture and sound, and a great amount of enjoyable extras. This is a terrific set that fans of \\"Doctor Who\\" will want in their collection!<br /><br />Program/DVD Grade: A+rific set that fans of \\"Doctor Who\\" will want in their collection!    Program/DVD Grade: A+
B00005JNS0|5.0|Pixar movies are always good choice for all audiences. Great detail animation with strait message.  No need to be politically correct.
B000OHZJLY|5.0|What can you say about Elvis?  All his albums - yes, ALL of them - are amazing!  But thisone stands out as my favorite.  Opening with Beyond Belief - I think my favorite tract - right to the end.  Not a turkey in the lot.
B00004SU5J|5.0|If you like great sampling of blues music, then \\" Sure thing\\" is for you, I love this remix sampling.
B000N6TYLW|5.0|Wow. I love this season. The ending makes me sad, and I alway wish there was an 8th, 9th, 10th season and so on. If you enjoyed the previous 6 seasons, you'll love this one too!
0061914177|5.0|I love that this book is not a bunch of motivational fluff and instead gives concise how to information for use of today's social media tools.
B000WCDI5K|5.0|We LOVE the album, love the band. See them in person if you  have the chance. Great performers. What a show!
B002BSHWUU|5.0|Fell in love with the Beatles all over again.  Thank you for the quick delivery and great communication!
B000641D2Y|5.0|If you're nostalgic about the 80's and early 90's, this movie would be ideal in your collection. It's hilarious to watch a kid nail two crooks in a major city. The people who created this movie did a wonderful job with the special effects. Some of these stunts did look quite painful as well as funny. It was well done and definitely worth watching.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|I ordered this as a gift for a co-worker.  Amazon had a great price and pretty quick delivery.
B00000637V|5.0|As beautiful as the moon, as terrible as an army with banners. What so many reviews are missing is that this album is both a terrible piece of crap and also a work of floored genius. It can be both at the same time, lousy and excellent, and it is precisely that which makes it so exquisite. It helps if you were around at the time and remember the enormous hype in the giant ads about \\"A Sgt. Pepper for the 70's\\" and then the universal hatred it deservedly received upon release. And yet, and yet, it endures, and bears listening to hundreds of times. And there are some of the greatest \\"musical moments\\" of many of the performers, especially the awesome Jack Bruce jamming lines. It is schlock elevated to the highest of forms, a three-penny opera. Someone somewhere in this reviews section must mention Brecht/Weill and song cycles, so it might as well be me. Were it not for the fact that it probably kept thousands of people from pursuing their demise through drugs, I'd say this is a masterpiece which taints the listener and makes him a worse person for it, a sublime guilty pleasure. Awright, I better wrap up this turkey of a review pretty quick, before I puke.
B000083C49|5.0|The fourth Star Trek movie is my favorite so I wanted to have the DVD.  My son and I have watched it several times.
B00009W0WM|4.0|This was bought as a Christmas present for someone who loves old movies. She enjoyed this very much.
0316017922|5.0|Malcolm Gladwell at his best!    A great read, informative, fun and so far removed many other 'success books'. Malcolm carefully weaves great stories with research to produce a highly readable book that will encourage all to think through the age old dilemma surrounding \\"nature versus nurture\\".    My version has now passed through many other hands as I have forwarded it to others who have similarly enjoyed and been inspired. Read it!
1932100660|5.0|This is a must read for everyone, best book on nutrition and cancer ever written.  This book makes you realize how bad we eat in this country.
B002LLE3Q8|5.0|This is one of the greatest musical work of the humanity, not only for progressive rock. That energy & imagination is a rare breed.  Now, this 2 cd edition brings a kind of justice to the original: Steven Wilson did a good job, showing his understanding and empathy to the music iself. His remaster is nicely doubled with the 2004 original master recording, for evaluation.  Still, I'm wondering if there will be the 45th anniversary, as well? ;)
B0015DROBO|5.0|This is a wonderful and complex book with a myriad of characters.  Every character is fully developed and by the end of this book you will feel that you have known them all your life.  Give yourself the first couple of hundred pages to become acquainted.  You won't regret it.
1416594787|5.0|This book, whether you are for or against, stimulates you to think in a different light. It broadens the mind in the thought of all aspects of life.
B002OFWG7O|5.0|First, it should be made known that a lot of 'DVD' extras included in other greatest hits compilations put out by other artists you're lucky if you get more than maybe a couple of music videos (the same ones you saw on TV 50 times a week or more already), maybe a recorded 'hello' from the band.<br /><br />Not at all the case with this set. The DVD has a lot of music videos, and some live concert footage. It is (in my opinion) a great bit of work, and fans will absolutely appreciate it. The back of the case even tells you where each of the live sets was recorded, in case you didn't know otherwise.<br /><br />The CD portion of the set has all of my favorites (who am I kidding? they're ALL favorites anyway). You will find their known songs on the CD. I say this, because a while ago I bought a greatest hits CD from a band who will not be named, and their world-wide best known song wasn't included. Not so with this one. You'll probably find everything popular, but I'm sure they couldn't fit everything they ever did on a single CD. A good mix of their newer and older stuff.<br /><br />Foo Fighters are a band where it is great listening to them live, but a lot of their videos are really incredible, too. Some are comedic, some can carry deep messages, some are just plain fun. Many fall into more than one category.<br /><br />I'm not going to comment much on the liner notes. Lots of images of the band over the years. Everyone feels differently about these things. Some want more pictures, some want more details, lyrics, scribblings, other things. I didn't dislike anything here.<br /><br />A testament to how good this set is, is the fact I keep having to loan it to friends almost every other day. I've literally had very little actual physical time with it. Even non-fans love it. If you're thinking about getting a copy for yourself, don't think. Get it. You might want to get 2, because I can see it getting lost if enough people borrow it. LOL.
B000850IHW|5.0|A fresh sound for one of the most refreshing music the 70s ever produced. Gentle Giant could tell in less than 40 minutes what the most of the contemporary progressive rock bands try to do in 10 LPs.  Excellent!
B00005JKDR|4.0|I bought this for my 3 year old grandson and he was scared. He saw it before and did not want to see again!!! Another 5 year of came and was also afraid.
B000LC51TM|5.0|CD + DVD, concert in France, few songs from concerts in Russia, Japan and London.  Very impressive!
B002RSDW80|5.0|When you want a \\"No brainer\\" to relax with on those cold or rainy days, get a cup of hot coco, a cuddly blanket or friend and enjoy.
B000FQJAIW|3.0|The sound and sub in trilogy, has. . .<br /><br />Subtitule: In Spanish only in the opening scroll and them nothing more<br />Audio: Spanish from SPAIN is TEERRIIIBLEEE!!!, the ORIGINAL but. . .TEERRIIIBLEEE!!! i prefiered the LATIN AMERICAN Audio<br /><br />Maybe George Lucas check this problem with the product it's self, i was think. . .when buyed, the two disk set have the subtitule and the audio in SPANISH.
B000059H98|3.0|This film has alot to recommend but also contains deficiencies.  Lori Petty is kinetically bubbly as the title character and her energy carries throughout the entire film.  Malcolm McDowell taps into his Alex DeLarge malevolence and creates a memorably villainous head of a Water and Power consortium.  Naomi Watts, a brunette no less, impresses even though she's essentially riding shotgun to Petty.  And those Kangaroo Men are way cool!  The downside here is that the film seems to be more artifice than art.  The art direction is way too busy.  The grunge rock soundtrack is headache inducing.  The jumping back and forth between live action, animation, and comic strips is equally jarring.  \\"Tank Girl\\" is an interesting film without being wholly successful.
B002L3RVCY|5.0|This is an excellent buy for Star Wars fans young and old. All first season episodes are included along with featurettes and director cuts for the majority of the episodes.<br /><br />Can't miss with this one. I recommend it heartily!
B002NXOQF2|5.0|Watership Down is the story of a small group of rabbits traveling across the English countryside in search of a new home. Their tale begins when Fiver, a small, nervous rabbit, senses an unnamed future danger for the warren in which they live. Fiver has the gift of prophecy, and when he speaks, his older brother Hazel listens. After taking their concerns to the Chief Rabbit and trying in vain to make him believe and understand that they are in great danger, Hazel and Fiver plan an escape from their warren. The brothers, along with a group of like-minded individuals, leave the warren and go through several adventures in search of a safe place to live.<br /><br />To give anymore of the plot details away would remove some of the enchantment from this incredible book, and I refuse to do that to you. Watership Down is a story of great beauty. As I have stated before, it is my all-time favorite book. I first read it when I was just 12 years old, almost 20 years ago. I have read many other wonderful books over the years, but there is something special about Watership Down, a certain magic that not even time can erase. I have read it many times, and have vowed beginning this year to re-read as my first book of each new year from now on. You may say that life is too short to re-read books, but I say that life is to short not to enjoy your favorite things.<br /><br />Richard Adams began Watership Down as a story told aloud to his two daughters on a long car trip. In creating his fantastic world of wild rabbits, Adams constructed a new language, a complete culture, and an imaginative folk history for his characters, all of which add incredible depth to the story and to the characters themselves. The rabbits of Watership Down act with human characteristics such as bravery, loyalty and ingenuity. However Adams has written them with a naturalist's eye for real rabbits - the reader is left with the impression that this is simply how rabbits behave.<br /><br />Watership Down is a marvelous tale of adventure, the breathtaking story of a journey which leads eventually to the safety of a new home, as well as a keen understanding of the outside world and all its perils. If you'll allow yourself to get lost in the story, you will not regret it. Rich in detail and with a compelling and entertaining plot, Watership Down is truly a timeless masterpiece, a modern day classic that is beloved by many (including myself - in case I have not made that clear.)re, the breathtaking story of a journey which leads eventually to the safety of a new home, as well as a keen understanding of the outside world and all its perils. If you'll allow yourself to get lost in the story, you will not regret it. Rich in detail and with a compelling and entertaining plot, Watership Down is truly a timeless masterpiece, a modern day classic that is beloved by many (including myself - in case I have not made that clear.)
0553382179|5.0|Are you wondering why there are over 300 reviews of this book?  It is because this book will literally change your life.  I am a woman with 9 years of higher education.  I had 1000 employees, I had a nanny and housecleaners and I couldn't keep my house clean.  I had two huge rented storage lockers (the size of garages) plus a two car garage and every closet in my house crammed with stuff.  I was totally overwhelmed and everytime people were coming over or we were having a party I would completely wear myself out trying to get my house presentable.  I would also turn into a raving [...] so of course my husband and kids hated the idea of us having guests.  I have bought and read a dozen organization books and they all just made me feel bad.  They made perfect sense and I couldn't get motivated to do anything they suggested.<br /><br />The Fly Lady is magic.  From the first day I felt better about my ability to actually dig my way out of the mess.  It really did only take 15 minutes a day.  Like she says, you can do anything for 15 minutes.  Within a few months the storage lockers were gone, my garage was clean and all my closets were decluttered.  It is a miraculous.  You wouldn't believe how much this has improved my life and the lives of my family.  It took me 56 years to learn how to keep my house looking great in only a few minutes every day.  Amazing.  Now some of my friends have been motivated by my experience and they are happily decluttering their houses too.
B001I0T92Q|1.0|I inserted the adapter but the PSP did not recognize it as a proper memory card.  It also would not eject cleanly, forcing me to ease it out with a paper clip.  I'll keep looking for a better quality adapter.
0545140315|4.0|Penny's parents are Beatles fanatics - in fact, they love the Beatles, so much, they named their daughters Lucy (in the Sky with Diamonds), Rita (the Lovely Meter Maid) and Penny Lane after Beatles songs.    When Penny discovers her boyfriend cheating on her, she decides she's sick of boys and all the aggravation they cause her.   She swears off boys (until she's out of high school, anyway) and decides to form a club.  What better name than The Lonely Hearts Club since she's grown up in a Beatles culture?  To be a member you must:        * stop dating boys while you're in high school      * attend all couple events (such as Homecoming, parties, etc) as a group      * attend Saturday night meetings      * be supportive of friends, even when they make bad choices    The Lonely Hearts Club turns out to be more popular than Penny ever imagined, but it also causes problems.  The boys at her high school aren't crazy about it and the principal thinks it's disruptive.  Things really start to heat up for Penny, though, when she starts to like a certain boy.  Penny and her club learn a lot about life in just a few months.    The Lonely Hearts Club by Elizabeth Eulberg is delightful YA book!  I thought Penny was a great character.  Sure, she makes mistakes, but she picks herself up and moves on with her life when she does. Her friends are great, too - each with their own strengths and weaknesses.  I really enjoyed the time I spent with the members of The Lonely Hearts Club.  I also enjoyed all the Beatles references throughout the book.  Having said that, you don't need to know a lot about the Beatles to enjoy this book.    I love the message that this book gives young girls.  It lets them know that it's great to have a guy in your life, but it's fine if you don't.  It encourages them to be themselves and not try to be who they think someone else wants them to be.   It tells them they should support each other and not abandon their girlfriends when a guy comes along.    Thereis a little bit of talk about sex in The Lonely Hearts Club, so I would probably recommend it for 7th or 8th grade and up.  (I may be off on this, though, since it's been a while since I've been around a middle schooler.)
B002IYEQR4|5.0|If you have not bought any other version of this movie then this is the one you want. I grew up with this short 12 series comic and was somewhat apprehensive about Snyder but, I must say, as a long time fanboy, he did not disappoint. This version pulls no punches. Includes the \\"Black Freighter\\" comics in its original place within the story as it progresses and has small little scenes that were in the novel but not in the original theater release. As for all these naysayers, some who claim to be fans and were pissed about the squid ending being pulled and replaced with a more practical ending (the squid ending in the novel was stupid to me the 50+ times I have read it), this comic is over 20 years old. Some things had to be maneuvered (i.e. outfits, endings) to make the newer audience more receptive. You act like he changed the entire story around. Also, the acting was great and the cast was picked perfectly with respects to both looks and skill. Would you rather see Tom Cruise as Nite Owl II, or Angelina Jolie as Silk Spectre II? Didn't think so. As I have said, as a long time fanboy, I highly recommend this movie. If you have not seen this or have seen it and not read the novel, READ IT. It will only help to add depth and understanding to the story and make the viewing experience much more enjoyable.
B002UJIY7A|5.0|This is one of the best film to come out in many years!! The film is chock full of twists and turns and we have the always sexy Milla Jovovich as a woman who isn't what she appears, but then again nobody is in this film. If you want a tense movie with plenty of action and plot twists I highly recommend this film.
B0018QCXH8|1.0|I ordered There Will Be Blood, and was was so disappointed to find the disc faulty.  I returned it, and asked for another, but it, too, was bad.  So...........I don't know how to rate this!  I'm sure I would have loved it, if I had been able to view it!
0316044695|5.0|Very pleased with the condition of the used book I ordered and it got here in a timely manner.
B000002MUM|5.0|I love this record. I received this record not only in a really short amount of time, which I was most impressed with, but also in near mint condition.  It's wonderful to hear this record on vinyl..well done indeed. I would have no hesitation in purchasing from this merchant in the future...
B000DWMYQ8|1.0|If I told you that \\"Chicken Little\\" was as awful as \\"Barnyard: The Original Party Animals,\\" then you probably wouldn't believe me. Well, believe me when I say that it's not nearly as atrocious as \\"Barnyard,\\" but it's just as annoying. And MAN, was it annoying! I mean, I was annoyed not only by this movie, but annoyed by the fact that this was in fact made by Disney. This is a terrible CGI-animated film that has nothing special to offer. The basic storyline is adapted from the popular children's fable of the same name, but with a twist. Instead of an acorn, it's an actual piece of sky that has fallen....actually, it's a piece of a UFO which turns invisible. It's an interesting premise, but the rest of the movie fails to deliver.<br /><br />One of the biggest problems with \\"Chicken Little\\" is that it lacks substance and intrigue, even as an animated comedy. In \\"Toy Story\\" and \\"Monsters Inc.,\\" there was a certain kind of intelligence that dominated the story, and that's what makes them truly special and unique. Here, in \\"Chicken Little,\\" there is no wit, no charm, and no originality whatsoever. I blame the writers for this, for the director would have created a masterpiece if the script actually had something good in it. The characters are even worse. I could care less for these anthropomorphic people: they are just plain annoying! From the Ugly Duckling to Runt of the Litter, they just bring more and more pain. And Chicken Little himself? I don't care for him, either. Aren't you supposed to make the main protagonist interesting and likable? Well, sadly, it doesn't happen here. And speaking of characters, why are we still choosing celebrities to do voice work? I mean, sure, Zach Braff, Joan Cusack, and Garry Marshall are great actors, but this is NOT their specialty. A majority of the characters are miscast, especially the main character. Why does Chicken Little sound like an adult when he's supposed to be a kid? Did the creators think we're stupid? But the absolute worst thing about this CGI atrocity is the lack of humor. This entire film tries too hard to be a family-friendly comedy: the verbal jokes and sight gags are forced and unfunny. It reminded me of \\"Barnyard,\\" and how painfully unfunny that movie was as well. Maybe kids will find it hilarious, but adults like me will definitely not.<br /><br />When I saw that Ebert & Roeper gave this film Two Thumbs Down, I admired them for a moment there. That is what I felt like while watching this film. I will give Chicken Little credit, though, for adding a little twist to the famous fable. It could have been handled almost perfectly, but it simply fails as a result. It's a horribly irritating piece of filth, and I was never entertained by it. What a poor excuse for an animated film.<br /><br />Grade: Fg about this CGI atrocity is the lack of humor. This entire film tries too hard to be a family-friendly comedy: the verbal jokes and sight gags are forced and unfunny. It reminded me of \\"Barnyard,\\" and how painfully unfunny that movie was as well. Maybe kids will find it hilarious, but adults like me will definitely not.    When I saw that Ebert & Roeper gave this film Two Thumbs Down, I admired them for a moment there. That is what I felt like while watching this film. I will give Chicken Little credit, though, for adding a little twist to the famous fable. It could have been handled almost perfectly, but it simply fails as a result. It's a horribly irritating piece of filth, and I was never entertained by it. What a poor excuse for an animated film.    Grade: F
0671015206|3.0|This was an entertaining book that taught me, however, what I already know - don't judge by appearances. I never believed people who spent all their money on a fancy SUV or flashy clothes were necessarily rich. Wealthy people are quieter - their clothes tend to be simple but made of expensive cloth, and that goes for their cars and homes (flashy equals insecurity, in my book). Millionaires are clearly expert savers. However, the authors imply that living like Scrooge is the way to amass a fortune.I disagree - the point is, one doesn't need to spend a fortune to live well. One can have a high quality of living (private schools for kids, etc) while remaining financially secure. This has to do with smart shopping, using coupons and knowing when to splurge and when to cut back. Why pay full-price for something when you can get the same thing for less? I have a friend who's always broke - she rarely uses coupons, buys most things at retail and throws away a lot of nice things when she's done with them (instead of selling it on ebay or donating it to Goodwill and getting a tax write-off). I buy a lot of nice things too, but only after I've shopped around (making sure I'm getting the most bang for my buck). I use coupons, cash-back programs, and the like. We end up owning lots of the same things, but whereas she spent herself into a hole, I still have enough money left over to invest in my mutual fund, CD, and pay for a vacation. I suspect that's how real millionaires live - they know to live well on less while keeping their funds secure. It's not that they don't eat steak - it's just that they have the patience to wait until it's on sale. Patience and discipline - that's what millionaires have.
B0008ENIAC|5.0|this is one of joan crawfordds best keeps you wanting more. even back then people still spoil kids but most arent like mildred pierces daughter the total shame. betrayal beyond comprehension
B001FB55I0|4.0|After becoming a blockbuster series in the making with the one-two punch of \\"The Terminator\\" and \\"Terminator 2: Judgment Day\\", the burgeoning franchise went on an extended hiatus at the height of its popularity. Then, in 2003, director Jonathan Mostow took over the reins from departing director James Cameron (\\"The Terminator\\" and \\"Terminator 2: Judgment Day\\") with \\"Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines\\" which delivered to us the opening salvo of the escalating war with the machines. Now, here we are six years later with yet another new director as the much maligned (at least by me) filmmaker McG throws us headlong into the conflict with the surprising, yet extremely entertaining and satisfying follow-up \\"Terminator: Salvation\\".    \\"Terminator: Salvation\\" begins in the year 2018, the machines have almost completely taken over the entire planet, and only small pockets of human resistance remain intact. Led by an almost messianic soldier named John Connor (Christian Bale), the humans begin to rally together for a pivotal battle that could bring the devastating war to a swift conclusion. However, a recent addition to the rabble, Marcus Wright (Sam Worthington), presents Connor and the rest of the resistance with a mystery that could either spell certain doom for humanity or be the secret weapon they so desperately need.    Truth be told, I wasn't sure how good this movie would be prior to its release. The reason for my uncertainty towards this installment had nothing to do with the previous film in the series being somewhat weaker, and everything to do with this movie's director, McG.    To me McG is nothing more than a hack director with only one good movie to his name. His first two films had been the insipidly crafted and overblown \\"Charlie's Angels\\" movies. Granted he did follow those up three years later with the amazingly sound, heartfelt and moving football drama \\"We Are Marshall\\". But when it comes to his more action oriented movies, I think one would be hard-pressed to find an original idea in his head. A fact which the director almost seems proud of as he has referred to his blatant copying as paying an homage rather than ripping off other directors and their movies.    However, as I alluded to earlier, \\"Terminator: Salvation\\" proved my mistrust of McG's directorial prowess to be somewhat misplaced. Unlike his previous action work where overblown action scenes featuring extremely exaggerated stunt and wire work became very annoying , this film is a grittier, hard-hitting, and dare I say, more realistic style of filmmaking (which may be hard to believe given that this is a sci-fi movie). Also, there are no ridiculously long drawn out slow-motion shots lingering on any of the female characters flipping their hair all around for no good reason (à la the \\"Charlie's Angels\\" movies).    Now, this isn't to say that McG resisted his apparently insatiable temptation to steal ideas from other movies. In fact, there are numerous instances sprinkled throughout this film where it is quite obvious what movie he chose to base a large majority of his action sequences upon. If you've seen the movie or even just some of the previews, then you should know exactly to what film I am referring.    Numerous times over the course of the movie, several scenes involving the Terminators, or portions of them, blatantly ripped off camera angles or just the style of shooting from Michael Bay's \\"Transformers\\". These moments don't detract from the movie too much, because I know that by now almost every new thing a director can come up with has been done in some form or fashion; thus, complete originality is difficult to come by. That being said, I just wish that some of the inspiration hadn't been so painfully obvious even to the most casual of viewers. Here's a thought, maybe next time McG should try not to rip off a movie that has a sequel in theaters only a month or so after his movie. Due to the closeness of the release dates, McG's copying looks less like an homage and more like somebody trying to cheat off of someone else's work to get better results.    Despite borrowing visual effects ideas from \\"Transformers\\", that doesn't mean the effects in \\"Terminator: Salvation\\" were anything to sneeze at. The work done by the creative minds at Industrial Light & Magic (ILM) was superbly crafted and not surprisingly, the best the series had seen thus far. The inclusion of multiple new Terminator vehicles, models, and so on was very exciting, especially from the standpoint of not only a fan of the series, but a fan of visual effects. If you have ever spent time watching the first three \\"Terminator\\" movies and wished that you could see more of the vehicles shown in the segments chronicling the future war or see even more Terminators in action, then this movie is definitely the one to see as it delivers on both counts.    In regards to the cast of this film, we find an all-new assemblage of talent making their debut within the series. Leading the new grouping is the intense character actor Christian Bale (\\"The Dark Knight\\") as the leader of the human resistance, John Connor. Not surprisingly, Christian hands in a solid performance, giving us a John Connor that is tough as nails on the outside; however, behind closed doors he still struggles with doubt and despair. These quieter moments with Connor are vital to the character by showing us more than a one-dimensional caricature of a hero, and also to illustrate that he hasn't become cold and calculating like the machines he fights. Not to mention, these reflective scenes also serve as a connection to the decidedly more insecure variation of the character from the previous installment (as portrayed by Nick Stahl). Thankfully though, most of the whining and \\"Woe is me\\" attitude that permeated Nick's performance is nowhere to be found in this film.    In the primary supporting role, which one could argue is also a lead role in truth, is up-and-coming actor Sam Worthington. Asa rising star Sam is in surprisingly high demand with roles not only in this film, but also in James Cameron's \\"Avatar\\" and the upcoming remake, \\"Clash of the Titans\\". Based on what I've seen of Sam's acting prowess (which is based solely on this movie as I haven't seen \\"Avatar\\" yet), I would say as far as an action star goes, he should do very well. He's mastered the steely gaze of previous action heroes such as, Sylvester Stallone or even Arnold; he appears comfortable in action sequences (some newcomers can appear unconfident in their early work); and lastly, he has a presence on screen that captures the audience's attention. As far as his dramatic skills, well that remains to be seen, but at least he should have a decent enough future in the action genre if nothing else.    Rounding out the remainder of the supporting players are Bryce Dallas Howard (\\"Spider-Man 3\\"), Anton Yelchin (\\"Star Trek\\"), and Moon Bloodgood (\\"Pathfinder\\"). Bryce Dallas Howard is given very little to do in her role as John's wife Kate. She is relegated to merely reacting to John's struggles with his doubts or being the strong supportive wife in front of the troops. Moon Bloodgood as Blair, one of John's faithful soldiers, is given more to do than Bryce; however, even then she spends most of her time in action sequences. So, no real depth is given to her character other than that she is an extremely competent fighter.    When you look at the characters of Kate and Blair one definitely gets the sense that the writers, John Brancato and Michael Ferris (\\"Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines\\") were simply giving a taste of these ancillary characters and that more time would be spent exploring them in future sequels. So with that thought in mind, I say here's hoping for more on these potentially interesting characters in the future.    Lastly, actor Anton Yelchin gets the second most fleshed out supporting role behind Sam Worthington as a young resistance fighter named Kyle Reese. Anton brings anearnest quality to Kyle that harkens back to Michael Biehn's portrayal of an older version of the character in the original film. At the same time, Anton displays a youthful enthusiasm to prove one's self worth in a world of humanity comprised almost entirely of soldiers. Throughout this movie I noticed numerous subtle references to either character traits/mannerisms or phrases that Kyle would say that were reminiscent of the previous movies as well (the same can also be said for John Connor too). It's these little nods and insider references to characters and/or events from throughout the series' history that makes the experience all the more enjoyable for me as I try to catch each one.    All in all, despite the fact that I entered this movie with numerous doubts regarding just how good it could be; I must say that the end result is an incredibly fun, fast-paced, action-packed ride that will leave you wanting more. This installment definitely overcomes the weaker points of the previous film (which was still a good movie in itself) and propels this series forward to deliver even more excitement in the future.    \\"Terminator: Salvation\\" is available in a PG-13 Theatrical Cut or R-rated Director's Cut; both feature violence and language, with brief nudity in the Director's Cut only.
1400031567|5.0|#5 Kurt Wallander Swedish police procedural set in and around Ystad. Wallander, hoping for an uneventful few weeks leading up to his summer holiday, is sorely disappointed when two troubling cases present themselves. First, he takes a call from an elderly farmer who has observed a girl in his rape (canola) field all day. She's behaving oddly and won't go away and wants the police. When Wallander arrives, he also observes the girl's odd behavior and it's not long before, to his horror, she dumps gasoline on herself and sets herself on fire!<br /><br />While he is still reeling from that incident, a call comes in about a man murdered with an axe--who's been scalped. One of those is bad enough--and it will be a higher profile case, as the victim was an elderly retired government official--but when a second murder with the same M.O. comes to light a few days later, Wallander knows they have a serial killer on their hands and his holidays to be spent abroad with his Latvian lover Baiba are in jeopardy. As Wallander and his team try to determine the connection between the two victims, they call in a profiler, although he is somewhat inexperienced given that serial killers seem to be not that prolific in Sweden. Tension mounts as they fear another killing and reprisals from the public and the press, poring over hundreds of reports and trying to come at the crimes through many different angles. While all this is going on, Wallander finds out that his father has been diagnosed with Alzheimer's, although he's at the early stage where he knows there's something wrong.<br /><br />As usual, Wallander is a bit of a gloomy gus, and sometimes it can be a bit of a struggle to slog through his worries, self-doubt and pessimism. I still find him endearing, and of course his selfless dedication to his work is to be commended--otherwise, how would the criminals be caught? LOL At any rate, this was an excellent entry in the series and I'm looking forward to the next.
B000ZELISO|4.0|Being a senior (60 yrs old) fan of Rowling's books and movies I found the movie very enjoyable. Yes it has the typical flaws of being a movie based on a long book that has sold millions of copies all over the world. Just like the Lord Of The Rings trilogy, there is more in the book than in the movie. Who would sit through a 12 hour movie anyway?    I won't nit pic the differences between the book and movie. The movie is Dark, both visually and in content. The characters are strong starting with Harry who is a man child suffering both the typical changes that confront a boy's journey to manhood and the demand to be more than a boy in a dangerous setting. You can't really call Hermione and Ron supporting cast. They are strong characters evolving on their own path sharing the journey with Harry through Hogwarts, OoP, death eaters, Voldemort, the Ministry of Magic etc. In actuality I believe that you would enjoy the movie more if you had read the book and vice versa. In fact I can't imagine not wanting to read the books and see the movies.    The movie is very entertaining with great scenery, excellent performances by the cast, strong visual effects, all based on the best series of fantasy books to come in half a century. Buy it! You wil want to see it again and again.
B001IF252M|4.0|I haven't actually used this but I'm sure it works fine.  Since the DVI adapter doesn't output an analog VGA signal, you have to use this specific adapter if you want to connect your 2009+ Mac to a VGA projector.    But be absolutely sure this is the right connector!  I thought I was a pro, but even I got mixed up and should have ordered [[ASIN:B00011KHTM the Mini-DVI adapter]] instead of Mini DisplayPort for our office Macs. Look closely at your machine, don't just look at the outline of the port but look at the actual arrangement of the pins.      The Mini-DVI port is U-shaped with a series of visible gold teeth contacts. See this close up photo:[...]    The Mini DisplayPort has one rectangle in its center that has no visible contacts when viewed head-on.  See this photo: [...]  2008 iMacs look the same as (early) 2009 iMacs, but 2008 iMacs have Mini-DVI and 2009 iMacs have Mini DisplayPort.
B001FB563E|5.0|THE ROAD<br /><br />STARRING: Viggo Mortensen, Kodi Smit-McPhee, Charlize Theron, Robert Duvall, Garret Dillahunt, Guy Pearce, Molly Parker and Michael K. Williams<br /><br />WRITTEN BY: Joe Penhall; based on the novel by Cormac McCarthy<br /><br />DIRECTED BY: John Hillcoat<br /><br />Rated: R<br />Genre: Drama / Thriller<br />Release Date: 25 November 2009<br /><br />The Road was released on the 25th of November; the day before Thanksgiving. While it may not seem like a very appropriate film to watch on Thanksgiving Day, nothing could be further from the truth. No film has ever made you feel more thankful for what you have, than The Road.<br /><br />Based on the sensational Pulitzer Prize Winning Novel by Cormac McCarthy; The Road will move you and it will haunt you.<br /><br />I knew that this review was going to be a difficult one to write because I read the book prior to seeing the film. I have only done that one other time. I like to see the movie, then read the book and picture the character as the actor from the film.<br /><br />When I read The Road, I already knew the film was coming out, so I was able to envision Viggo Mortensen as the character he portrays in the film: The Man. But I swear to you when I was reading the book it seemed like Cormac McCarthy had written it directly for Viggo. I couldn't picture anyone else as this character. Every line of The Man's dialogue I read in the book came out in Viggo's voice.  Whoever cast him for this film is a genius. He is perfect and will at the very least be nominated for an Oscar. Along with Johnny Depp in Public Enemies, this is the best male performance in a lead role I've seen this year. He is more than believable as a man desperate and willing to do absolutely anything to protect his son. He is a dying man starving to death but you never doubt for a second that he will keep fighting until the last breath of air has left his lungs.<br /><br />The Man is the father of The Boy (Kodi Smit-McPhee) and they are struggling to survive the end of the world. We don't know exactly what has happened but we know that nearly everyone is dead and America has been raped, pillaged and left to die, burning in the wind.<br /><br />We know it has been several years since the unknown event took place, because food, clothing, weapons and gasoline are nearly impossible to come by.<br /><br />The few people that still roam the earth are hardly, \\"the good guys\\" that The Boy refers to him and his father as. \\"The bad guys\\" are thieves, rapists, murderers and sometimes even cannibals who capture people and turn them into slaves for which to feed upon; and they rarely travel alone.<br /><br />In a lawless land, who is there to stop them? When you look at how we treat each other on the morning of Black Friday, you can't help but wonder if this is really that far-off from what the world would become without a civilized society.<br /><br />The Man has a revolver with two bullets to protect his child against whatever evil may lurk in the shadows. With only the clothes on their backs and a few items that they push along in an old grocery cart; their mission is to reach the coast. They have no idea what awaits them there, but it is somewhere to go. It is the only thing keeping them going, and perhaps alive.<br /><br />As great as it was, there are a few problems I had with the film. One was the length of it. I felt that especially towards the end, too many important details were omitted from the novel and that the film would have been better served with at least an additional 30 minutes. Yes, that would have made it long, but I would have preferred it that way. It's supposed to be a gut-wrenching journey that leaves you exhausted.<br /><br />Another problem I had with the film was the narration of The Man. He explains what has been going on and fills us in on a lot of his thoughts. We rarely (if ever) know his thoughts in the book and that's one of the elements that make it so good. Less is more, if you will. However, had I not read the novel, I probably would have no problem with this at all. You have to look at this as a film because that's what it is. It's not the book; so maybe it's ok. A film needs certain elements in it that a book does not. I'm sure Cormac McCarthy will be more than pleased and agree with me that they did more than a fair job of adapting his beloved novel to the screen.<br /><br />Part of the film that I actually preferred compared to what was written in the book, was the scene where they make a horrific discovery in the basement of a farm house. You'll know the one I mean. In the book they flee the house and take shelter outside just before the occupants return and the danger is minimal. While that was still entertaining, the film takes that scene to a darker level. They are not able to escape right away and must hide in the house with these people and we all learn of their dark secret and it's very riveting and exciting.<br /><br />I also like in the film that we get to know the character of The Woman more. She is played brilliantly by Charlize Theron. Charlize should see an Oscar nomination as well. The Woman is a deeply tortured soul. We meet her only in a series of flashbacks; some of which show when things weren't so bad and others show them gradually getting worse. She is beyond aggravated by the events happening around her as the world is coming to its end and she looks at life completely different from her husband, The Man. She thinks they should just give up and throw in the towel and for him this is just not an option. These are some of the most powerful scenes in the movie. The chemistry between these two for the tiny amount of screen time they share is remarkable.<br /><br />Another character I would like to comment on is The Boy. At first I wasn't too fond of Kodi Smit-McPhee for the character of The Boy. I didn't find him to match who I had pictured when reading the novel. But the further along on his journey he gets, the more invested I became and soon enough he had me more than convinced. This child goes places with his performance that few actors his age have or should ever go. He may see an Oscar nomination as well.<br /><br />On their way to the coast the two meet a sick old man. Viggo is so believable at never trusting anyone he meets in the film and you can't really blame him; they have seen some terrible things. He is even suspicious of this old man. The Old Man is none other than the incredible Robert Duvall. Had I not known to look for him, it would have taken me a while to figure out it was him. This is one of the best performances Duvall has ever given and is the farthest from anything you have ever seen him do. I have never seen him more out of his skin than he was here. Count that one more Oscar nomination.<br /><br />You can also add nominations for best picture, directing, best adapted screenplay, original score, cinematography and set design. If you take into consideration that the film is supposed to be dark and gritty and get under your skin, then you can appreciate what a beautiful piece of art it is. I'm sure they had to of used some special effects here, but I sure couldn't tell where. The sets all looked like real locations overtaken by sadness and devastation. The camera moves over them like death itself filming the final footage to ever be seen.<br /><br />Throughout the entire course of the film you feel like you are right there with the characters and you are hunching down in your seat. You are looking over their shoulders for them, because it always feels like something terrible is going to happen. With that being said, I don't want to scare you away from the film. It's not a horror movie by any means and although it has these dark and sinister moments in it, it is very much an adventure. It's a grim adventure that none of us would want to go on and God willing we never will. We enjoy the ride with the characters as they are forced to go on it and we are rooting for them the whole way through.<br /><br />I don't think that any film has ever shown what starving to death over a long and drawn out period of time would be like, as well as The Road has. Viggo Mortensen clearly lost a few pounds to say the least and it seems like young Kodi did as well. Your heart goes out to them whenever they find food in the film and it really makes you appreciate how good you have it. And if you have it pretty bad (as some of us do) then it makes you appreciate how much worse you could have it.<br /><br />I have read plenty of books and not a single one of them ever made me cry or even come close to shedding a tear. When I read The Road, at one point I was so happy for the characters that I was nearly in tears and at another point I had tears running down my face in sorrow for them. It's pretty common for a movie to be able to do that to someone but for words on a page to do it, at least for me; was a shocker. I didn't have quite as much of an emotional response to the film but that's because my mind and heart couldn't help but compare it to the movie I had already seen in my head while reading the book. That's not necessarily fair to director John Hillcoat's majestic adaptation. I'm sure it will drag that emotion from those that have not read the book, with great ease.<br /><br />If you want special effects and big Hollywood cinematic moments with your end of the world, then watch 2012. The Road is an obscure and twisted drama that will reach its retched hand down your throat and rip your guts and all of your feelings out of your body and throw them at your feet. The film has no pity on its audience or its characters. Its sole objective is to teach us and them the great lesson of how fragile and precious life truly is.hat few actors his age have or should ever go. He may see an Oscar nomination as well.      On their way to the coast the two meet a sick old man. Viggo is so believable at never trusting anyone he meets in the film and you can't really blame him; they have seen some terrible things. He is even suspicious of this old man. The Old Man is none other than the incredible Robert Duvall. Had I not known to look for him, it would have taken me a while to figure out it was him. This is one of the best performances Duvall has ever given and is the farthest from anything you have ever seen him do. I have never seen him more out of his skin than he was here. Count that one more Oscar nomination.      You can also add nominations for best picture, directing, best adapted screenplay, original score, cinematography and set design. If you take into consideration that the film is supposed to be dark and gritty and get under your skin, then you can appreciate what a beautiful piece of art it is. I'm sure they had to of used some special effects here, but I sure couldn't tell where. The sets all looked like real locations overtaken by sadness and devastation. The camera moves over them like death itself filming the final footage to ever be seen.      Throughout the entire course of the film you feel like you are right there with the characters and you are hunching down in your seat. You are looking over their shoulders for them, because it always feels like something terrible is going to happen. With that being said, I don't want to scare you away from the film. It's not a horror movie by any means and although it has these dark and sinister moments in it, it is very much an adventure. It's a grim adventure that none of us would want to go on and God willing we never will. We enjoy the ride with the characters as they are forced to go on it and we are rooting for them the whole way through.       I don't think that any film has ever shown what starving to death over a long and drawnout period of time would be like, as well as The Road has. Viggo Mortensen clearly lost a few pounds to say the least and it seems like young Kodi did as well. Your heart goes out to them whenever they find food in the film and it really makes you appreciate how good you have it. And if you have it pretty bad (as some of us do) then it makes you appreciate how much worse you could have it.      I have read plenty of books and not a single one of them ever made me cry or even come close to shedding a tear. When I read The Road, at one point I was so happy for the characters that I was nearly in tears and at another point I had tears running down my face in sorrow for them. It's pretty common for a movie to be able to do that to someone but for words on a page to do it, at least for me; was a shocker. I didn't have quite as much of an emotional response to the film but that's because my mind and heart couldn't help but compare it to the movie I had already seen in my head while reading the book. That's not necessarily fair to director John Hillcoat's majestic adaptation. I'm sure it will drag that emotion from those that have not read the book, with great ease.      If you want special effects and big Hollywood cinematic moments with your end of the world, then watch 2012. The Road is an obscure and twisted drama that will reach its retched hand down your throat and rip your guts and all of your feelings out of your body and throw them at your feet. The film has no pity on its audience or its characters. Its sole objective is to teach us and them the great lesson of how fragile and precious life truly is.
B0010V4TZU|1.0|This disc has absolutely nothing going on. It is not indie rock. It is an insult to indie rock to refer to this music as such. This is not genre-spanning, it is just completely unfocused sound. No versatility of chord structure, instrumentation, or vocals exists in the collection of songs presented on this album. There's no feeling associated with the music- it doesn't motivate you to work out, or make you feel pensive, or have any other positive effect on your spiritual well-being. I got it as a gift and gave each song a listen and am now trying to give it away. There are a ton of good indie rock bands out there who try a lot harder than these guys and have lyrics that are either sensical or imaginative, whereas Vampire Weekend's is neither. Don't fall for the buzz, because you can do a lot better with your music choices. If you don't believe me listen to a clip of their music online and decide, because their songs are all the same.
B001F6TXME|5.0|For long expositions I had to use a selftimer, before I purchassed this wired remote. This was a missing link from my film cameras I used for many years before the digital era. It works very well for me.
B000NQRE1E|5.0|First of all...........THE SHIP, it gets 5 stars all by itself because the reproduction was excellent, Cameron paid great attention to detail and when he needed to use miniatures, his detail was even more magnificent, the only shame of it all is that the ship was not used in whole because it would've been quite a thrill to walk the decks of this set piece.<br />Second.................THE SINKING, Cameron claims the sinking was as accurate as he could get it based on all the information he could gather from the remaining survivors, experts, books, etc and from everything I have read and then went and saw the movie 5 times in the theater and about 22 times on video, I'd say it's pretty darn accurate...but the thing that punched me in the gut the very first time I saw it was the agony of the people fighting for survival as the ship was in it's final minutes, I'm a very emotional person with stuff like this and alot of it got to me, including AFTER the ship went down when the mother and child were floating dead in the water.....Yikes!<br />Third..................THE PLOT, I wasn't crazy about the cheesy plotline but without the cheesy plotline interwoven into the story of the sinking, there would be no movie I suppose, even though they could have done an \\"A Night To Remember\\" type storyline where more attention was paid to the ship and less was paid to the characters and they could've got away with it but of course then it may not have won 11 academy Awards.  I didn't care for DiCaprio, Had never heard of Winslet (but thanks to one scene, I KNOW ALL ABOUT HER NOW!!), it was just too gushy for me but I somehow muddled through it.<br />Lastly.................BLU-RAY TREATMENT, This movie, of all movies, deserves to get the Blu-Ray treatment, I think it will look absolutely terrific and I for one will definitely purchase it when it comes out...someday!
1858131111|5.0|This is an excelent English classic literature book. There are six novels in one book. It is thick with 1098 pages, but easy to manipulate. There dosen't seem to be any typos or mispelled words.I gave it five stars, but would have given it six if I could. It was published by Magpie Books, London.
B002SJIO5E|1.0|WHO REALLY THINKS THIS IS A GREAT MOVIE ?--- ARE THEY ON DRUGS WHILE WATCHING IT ? THIS COULD HAVE BEEN DONE IN A MUCH MORE INTERESTING DEAL ---\\" IF \\" THE STORY BEGAN ABOUT HALF WAY INTO THE MOVIE AND ENDED SOMEWHERE  - 3 YEARS AFTER THE ALIEN RETURNED ---- I MEAN THEY WASTED AT LEAST 30  MINUTES OF BAD ACTING WITH THE REPORTER TRYING TO ACT LIKE A REPORTER -- HE WAS AWFUL --- THE WORST ACTOR THAT THEY COULD HAVE CHOSEN --- MUST HAVE BEEN FREE !!---WHAT DREW MY ATTENTION - THAT REALLY WAS THE MOST INTERESTINGLY THING IN THE WHOLE MOVIE -  WAS THE ATTENTION TO DETAIL OF THE ALIENS -- BUT THEY ALSO COULD HAVE HAD A LITTLE BETTER PLOT THAN EATING CAT FOOD AND THE QUICK GLIMPSES OF THEM WANDERING THROUGH THE TRASH ---- THAT WAS JUST STUPID TO THINK WE WOULD TREAT ANY CREATURE --- LOCAL OR FROM ANOTHER PLANET --- WORSE THAN WE DO ANY ANIMAL---ANY CREATURE THAT COULD BUILKD A SPACE SHIP COULD NOT BE AS STUPID AS THEY PORTRAYED THESE ALIENS TO BE --- COME ON--- COULD ANYONE BELIEVE THAT THIS WAS A REALLY GOOD MOVIE EXCEPT FOR THE DETAIL TO THE AILIEN STRUCTURE---I WOULD LOVE TO TRADE THIS IN FOR SOMETHING ELSE --- IF I HAD KNOWN IT WAS THIS BAD OF A MOVIE --- I NEVER  -  NEVER - WOULD HAVE BOUGHT IT FOR MORE THAN A FEW DOLLARS --- AND I FEEL LIKE I GOT RIPPED OFF PAYING AS MUCH AS I DID FOR THIS BLU-RAY
B000JQOID0|5.0|Product arrived MUCH earlier than anticipated and in perfect condition. I would order from this seller again without hesitation.
B0011KQSZ4|5.0|This is the funniest movie I have seen in years. I have recommended it to everyone I know. As can be common with UK comedies, it takes a while to set up the plot before the laughs hit hard and fast. My absolute favourite scene is one where Peter (the fabulous actor with dwarfism) emerges - if you've seen the movie, you know the scene. 5 stars!
B000MRAAJM|5.0|As you can see from the many reviews already on here, the series is simply amazing.  I had it in DVD, and when I received a blu-ray player for christmas, the first HD purchase I wanted make was this set.  So I did, and Amazon sent it quickly.    The series is great for any adult, and most kids above, say, age 7.  True to nature, there is some violence and death.     One caveat.  If you believe the Amazon product page and photos, you might be expecting a 5-disk set, presented in 1080p.  What you get is a 4-disk set in 1080i.  It may prove a bit disappointing for you too.
B0026P3G12|5.0|I rarely buy a CD but just had to have this one. Couldn't wait for Christmas. Good singing and good price point.
630542845X|5.0|This is a rare movie in that it teaches tolerance without being preachy. II watched it with my eleven year old daughter. I previewed it first, and then decided that we needed to watch it together. I am very happy we had this movie to share and discuss.
B001KVZ6FW|5.0|This is definitively a \\"must have\\" in any movie collection.  Incredible script, incredible characters, incredible animation.
0385504225|4.0|Having read 'Angels & Demons' and 'The Da Vinci Code' I knew what I was getting myself in for. Sort of. I found this book to be along the same lines as 'A & D' as I wanted to stay up all night reading it and not wanting to put it down.
B0026P3G12|5.0|Susan Boyles DVD was a great purchase.  I enjoy her music and will continue to purchase all of her music.  The DVD arrived rather quickly and in excellent shape.
B002T9H2L0|5.0|This movie is what you expect from Tarantino, if you're not a fan of his then this movie will seem to be lost on you. If you enjoy Tarantino's movies then you'll get the humor throughout the movie. This is QT telling a story of a what if and yes some scenes may seem to be too wordy or irrelevant but you remeber them so they must not that bad. Remember when people are giving this movie a 1 or 2 they are comparing it to other QT movies, that many other people feel differently about. It is worth watching for what it is a satire on a what if scenario involving one of the most hated people in history.
044656740X|2.0|Robert Kiyosaki is a salesman - period.    Within this book Robert tells a reporter the reason for his success - He is a best selling author - not a real estate wizard or an extremely savvy investor. He became rich - not by his outstanding investment savvy - but by selling the most books using sales tactics!      However:  This book causes you to re-evaluate your current income and spending and where it will take you in the long run. The chapter on selling is interesting.    Before taking any of the authors advise - please do extensive research. The real estate market is not what it was years ago - true property opportunities are rare and normally snatched up by real estate pros.     The book uses hundreds of pages by rambling and telling anecdotes to beat into you the fact that there are many more ways to make money - or a fortune if so inclined - than working for someone else or following the norm of School, work, debt, die.    I would farther advise extensive reading of mainstream investment books - understanding both conventional and non-conventional earning and investment is the only way to make an intelligent decision.     Please use caution when applying the very loosely explained methods in this book.    My wife says,\\"You read the first chapter - you read pretty much the whole thing.\\"    It could have been a pamphlet - but he wrote a book and wants your money.
B002PMV9K6|5.0|I am never disappointed with Harry Potter and this was another excellent video. Also, great fast delivery from Amazon.
B000ZECQ08|5.0|Even there was a time delay on this order due to a release date, the item was shipped at the appropriate time.
B0017ZB8M6|1.0|I thought that this album was going to be good. Got great reviews. ANY ONE READING THIS DO NOT EVER BELIEVE CRITICS. Half the time they don't know what they are talking about. Hot and Cold is a great song.I kissed a girl is okay. The ballad she wrote is pretty good. Other than that I did not like this album. The album U r so gay. It does not make sense to me. U r so gay and you don't like boys. That is wrong to say something is gay. Looking at the title I thought this might be great if she changed the words around. If Katy would have made it seem like he really liked boys. Again this is why I don't like alot of the new music. On the bright side,Katy is really cute girl.
B000YABIQ6|5.0|Obviously well worth it, I bought season two!!  Speaks for itself.  Make sure to watch all the Extras, very very informative.
B000ZELISO|1.0|This is the worst Blu-Ray of a movie I have seen. You can't see a thing in the dark parts even though you could in the theater. Also, the DVD version is only a little better, but it still stinks just as bad. The producers did aweful on the Blu-Ray conversion.
B001GCUER0|5.0|Love this show, make sure to watch the Extras, very very informative and give us more info on the time.  Great Price.
0385340575|5.0|Lee Child is one of my favorite authors and he continues to deliver.  Gone Tomorrow is the latest and one of the best.<br /><br />The reader is ensnared in the first few sentences and the hold does not loosen.  It is a page turner of the first quality.<br /><br />Whether the reader begins with this novel or the first in the series there is a virtually guaranteed high level of satisfaction.  The main character, Reacher, is a man to admire and respect.  His lifestyle of homelessness has an intriguing appeal.<br /><br />If you are looking for a fun and exciting read with quality action and plot, obtain a copy of this book.
B001K3JF7K|4.0|I'm not a Jazz purists but I know what I like.  When Look of Love album came out I loved the smooth Brazilian touch to many of the selections like 'Dancing in the Dark' and 'I'll remember you'.  I wished then that there were more.   I got my wish in this one.  If her voice was any smoother and sexier she would have to be lying down.
B002BSHWUU|5.0|Being a life long Beatles fanatic, listening to these remastered CDs with the full range of sounds, I am hearing things in these songs I have  never heard in my life! the clarity, the complete range of sound, the background instruments, it is unlike anything you have ever heard.  You will be amazed and will love the sound of this set.  Plus the DVD of mini documentaries, the picture books included with each CD is a collector's dream!
B0026P3G12|5.0|What an incredible voice this Scotswoman has.  You have to enjoy Barbra Streisand, Josh Groban type music to appreciate this CD.  Ms. Boyles is INCREDIBLE.  Kudos to \\"England Has Talent\\" for making sure this little known wonder was given a vocal contract and a chance to bring her voice to the world.  Susan dreamed a dreamed and what luck for us that she did.
B002T9H2LA|5.0|I haven't had a better time in the movies in years!    Tarantino continues to  astonish with his command of film technique, his ability to create unforgettable characters, and his sheer vitality.    Of course the story is an outrage!  Of course it is a sin against the memory of the Holocaust.    I had to look away so many times I didn't even see that Tarantino himself played one of the first victims of the \\"Basterds!\\"  But, if the morality is questionable, the man's aim is true, and ultimately, all he's trying to prove is that film is an art that needs make no excuses to anyone, for anything, ever!    The ultimate holocaust in \\"Basterds\\"-- the one that nitrate film itself ignites-- is Tarantino's fiery declaration of principles:  that cinema can make Hitler, Bormann, Goebbels,  Goering, and the Wicked Witch of the West all melt away in the hands of a film artist.  And that the Art of Cinema is capable of anything and everything!!!  Bravo!!!!
B002R0F3Q2|4.0|Enjoyed this CD, I skip over a couple of songs but at least 75% of the CD is great.  Alicia Keys keeps getting better and better.  This is a good buy - mellow and rhythmic - great relaxer on a long trip!
B0026P3G12|5.0|It is so awesome to witness someone achieve their dream. Her talent was hidden under a bushel too long. My highest hope is that we hear more of Susan's music and that \\"they\\" don't exploit her.
0739384171|5.0|This was a great sequel to The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. The characters are compelling, the story is fascinating. I can't wait for next book.
B002QEXN2K|4.0|Although the lyrics are a bit of a bummer, most of them being about breakups and heartache, the musicality in this album is not a disappointment.  My favorite song from the album is All We Ever Do Is Say Goodbye.  It's a departure for John with his vocals being highlighted instead of his guitar playing.  Don't get me wrong, there's plenty of solo guitar work in the album, but that song in particular was all about a sweet melody.    Enjoy it!
B001KVZ6FW|3.0|I'm not a die hard fan of animated movies and I usually like them vs. loving them. But I'd heard great things and had lots of folks recommend it as an awesome movie so I went ahead and rented it.<br /><br />My overall thoughts:<br /><br />I like the idea of an animated film about an adult. The story of the man who went on an adventure in his lawn chair has always intrigued me and I loved his simple philosophical reason for his trip, \\"You can't just sit there.\\" (paraphrased). So this story idea appeals to me. Very much.<br /><br />I loved Russell, the little kid who pesters Mr. Fredericksen and Dug, a speaking dog they find on their adventures. Mr. Fredericksen is extremely spot-on. I've encountered this guy before. Russell and Mr. Fredericksen have a Mr. Wilson and Dennis the Menace type of relationship which wasn't my favorite but as the adventure progressed, so did the relationship, and it ended up being a very, very sweet thing.<br /><br />This film is darker than I thought it might be and I don't see it appealing to any kids I know. For starters the opening takes a long time to get to the current story and I was bored with it. Secondly, it's creepy when they encounter the many scary dog minions and the evil master. Kevin the bird annoyed me and though I understand there had to be something thrown in to make the movie more edge of the seat, it just didn't work for me.
0896898288|5.0|I absolutely LOVE this book.  It is so interesting to read how ladies back in the 1920's made their quilts and to see some of the blocks that they made.
B000HT3P7E|5.0|I got this as a Christmas gift for my sister.  She had Will & Grace, all seasons and wanted something new.  The humor is funny, witty, and just fun to watch.  The DVD came quicker than expected.  Overall, I'm happy!
B000UBMWG4|1.0|Just got my set on Jan 8, 2010 and I too got 2 copies of the Workprint!  C'mon Amazon, over a YEAR now and you still sell these bad sets? This is BAD Quality Control. My guess though is that Warner Brothers made a HUGE error in MFG and won't recall these bad sets but found it much easier to inconvenience the customer instead.  These Hollywood companies then wonder why more and more people have no sympathy for them when they cry about piracy.  Still , a 1 star for the product.  Amazon should refuse to stock this until Warner sends a non-faulty set, PERIOD!
B000U0F7RG|1.0|This item was never received and despite attempts, never had a reply made by snowball express nor ever provided a tracking number.  I thank AMAZON for righting the purchase.  Shortly after this was purchased some one attempted to bill a skype account and attempt to send money to a charity in Canada on my credit card.  Though I can't prove a connection,  would be very wary.
B0026P3G12|3.0|I love Susan Boyle and really looked forward to her CD.  But other than her title song, that blew the roof off of the universe, I found the rest of the songs just okay.  She does have a lovely voice but I thought her choice of songs could have been better.
0691142165|4.0|\\"This Time is Different\\" is an excellent account of the tendency of people to believe that in times of asset booms, that this time is different and rising asset prices or large capital flows are justified by underlying economics.  Books on crises tend to take different forms, either Kindleberg \\"manias panics and crashes\\" style case descriptions, minsky's goal of describing the mechanism for the cycles of risk, to something like Debt defaults and lessons drom a decade of crises where several cases are described in debth, all have their place and this book's approach is quite unique.  The book has the intention of addressing the current global financial turmoil (that seems to be subsiding) and to show that it had similar symptoms to other situations and to further the imposing of a stricter methodology by central banks and governments to protect against this time is different syndrom.      The authors have done their analysis off the availability of substantial historical data on a large number of countries for the last several hundred years and the cataloging of their defaults both domestic and foreign, the inflation history and the banking history.  The book explores a lot of different phenomenon, from the commodity cycle on sovereign defaults, the real estate bubbles that precede banking crisis, the difference in mean duration of sovereign defaults to banking crisis, the steps in graduating from serial defaulters to stable countries more able to borrow in their own currency.  They explore the sometimes glossed over phenomenon of local default and bond treatment during sovereign defaults (mainly manifested through inflation, though occasionally nonpayment).  They look at the properties of the national debt as crises evolve and governments act countercyclicly.  They look at the differences between global crisis and local crisis and the ability to devalue to tap into export led growth in the latter situation and the difficulty of policy in the former.  The difficultygovernments who borrow abroad substantially have post crisis in managing fallout without major inflationary repurcussions.    The book is filled with a lot of situations that are implicitly explored rather than explicitly.  The approach is a statistical one in the sense that they look at conditional expectations of crises- by that i mean, conditioning the data set on a particular type of crisis, they glean the mass of historical data to make conclusions.  They dont look at any individual case in close detail (this includes the housing bubble that was created in the US) but try to explore the general properties of various crisis given their wealth of historical information.  To me this is valuable as a foundation to do more case study work.  One comes to the end of this more convinced that, asset booms and crisis have similar properties despite the feelings while they go on that there are strong underlying reasons for the price action.  One also is able to get many interesting quantitative results on duration of crises based on their properties (sovereign or banking for example) one does not however come out of reading this book with the same sorts of situational knowledge you get from reading Kindleberg.  I recommend reading this as a start but one could have made this book into volumes, most people probably are glad that they truncated it, but one ends this book feeling the need to read more and explore the situations that the statistics implicitly used.  The ultimate goal one seems to get from the authors is to have a more algorithmic approach to crisis avoidance by active macropolicy making.  The authors start to describe the approach but they leave the reader with the reality that it is a seriously open question and will require a lot of work by a lot of people to make the progress we hope for.  One is left with the feeling that the search for policy wont be fruitless as crises have had similarities for centuries and its time for us to embrace that fact to forgethe future.
B002QEXN2K|5.0|Wow, this was my first John Mayer CD and I loved it. Every song on this recording is at the very  least good and several are excellent. \\"Heartbreak Warfare\\" was my favorite....\\"red wine and Ambien, you're talking Sh_t again. It's heartbreak warfare....\\" Wonder who that song was about??? Many of the songs seem to be about heartbreak and relationships. You get the impression that he has experienced at least one or two bad relationships and he's blaming the girl. Definitely worth the purchase.
B002SJIO5E|5.0|Loved this film dont take the negative reviews seriously. It was nice to see Peters touch added to this film,he grew up in my town & I know a few people that have worked on his films  Im a Peter Jackson fan from his very first film Bad Taste which this reminds me what Peter is really good at & that is the weird,gory & bizzare on a very low budget & thats what is delivered with this film.  Its nice to see new actors that you havent seen before, less money spent on them & better quality effects in the process, great story line just have to read in to it a little but not a lot, love the special effects used & the shooting style. There was not too much Doco style shooting, but just enougth to add to the theme that they where trying to deliver.  Blu ray features & extras all great with extra digital copy included.
0307454541|5.0|Unlike some of the criticisms, I did not find it to be a slow read in the beginning. The characters he developed in this time were interesting enough.  Although I wasn't all that surprised with the outcome of the disappearance of Harriet Vanger, it was entertaining nonetheless.  The last few pages were anti-climactic and thought it may have been resolved in the next book.  All in all, I used all my free time of three days to read this book.
0316789798|5.0|My daughters loved Ed Emberley drawing books when they were younger.  Now one is going to be a mother and requested this particular book for Christmas.  She wants to decorate the nursery with Ed Emberley drawings.  My other daughter still has one of his books and shared it with her sister--one condition--\\"I get it back\\".
B001AVCFK6|5.0|Been a trekker for more years than I care to admit & growing weary of the seemingly repititious series & movies, I was pleasantly surprised.  When I first heard of a Star Trek re-boot I was skeptical but decided not to judge until the movie was out. Saw it the first weekend out & I was totally blown away. Even my non treker friend was impressed.  The re-boot was so clever with no huge gaping holes in plot & an obvious respect to the original premise.<br /><br />The blu ray transfer, both video & audio, are flawless. The extras are extremely interesting & border on almost overload. The digital copy worked perfectly & was easily transfered to my Ipod.<br /><br />So a great entertaining sci-fi flick in pristine blu-ray, and I assure you, you can't go wrong.
B001EN71DG|5.0|My review for the prequel triogy applies here as well, except the stories themselves are topnotch (even in this decade).
B0002Z0EYA|5.0|Throughout time, men have waged war. Some for power, some for glory, some for honor--and some for love. In ancient Greece, the passion of two of history's most legendary lovers--Paris, Prince of Troy and Helen, Queen of Sparta--ignites a war that will devastate a civilization. When Paris steals Helen away from her husband, King Menelaus, it is an insult that cannot be suffered. Troy is a stunningly movie, with an equally stunning cast. This movie takes your attention completely. Tremendously entertaining.
0307269981|5.0|I discovered the first novel in this series by accident, before it became popular, and was stunned by its quality, especially the socially off-beat characters who work well due to their inner moral code. This second book is not as fresh -- obviously - but almost as good. It feels more like a traditional detective novel because I was already familiar with Lisbeth et al. But it is wonderful - more novel than mystery story -- and does not disappoint for a second. And, for those of you waiting until next July for the third book, you can buy it at the Amazon UK site, right now, at [...]. It is outrageous, twice the length of this book and mayeb the best in the series. If you are considering reading this book and have not read the first book, The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo, halt, and do not buy this book and read the series in order.
B0019HQIFE|5.0|I would say that I am a fan of John Mayer's music, and I loved this film.    The thing I love the most is that this practically three concerts in one.  You get all three versions of John Mayer in one sitting.  It starts out with John Mayer as a soloist, practically only his voice and his guitar.  After that, he goes to the other extreme with his trio to play quite a bit of FANTASTIC blues.  This is my favorite part.  After that, it's John Mayer and the whole band. All ten-or-so musicians playing at once for most of his well known songs.    You off course get all of the songs you want to hear, plus some nice bonuses.  All the tracks sound very, very well and the whole concert is filmed with actual film cameras as opposed to DV, which to me gives it just the extra real-ness it needs and makes it just so much worth it.    If you are somewhat of a fan of this person's music, but this thing.  If you know a couple songs, buy it.  If you are a die-hard fan, BUY IT.    Conclusion: buy it.
B0026P3G12|3.0|The DVD fell flat for me. I only liked her original song \\"I Dreamed a Dream\\". Other songs were draggy and dull. Poor pick of songs.
B002RSDW80|5.0|Meryl Streep gives us a bravura performance as Julia Child! She must have done much research to capture the comic Queen of cooking! In addition,the supporting cast is delightful and the sets are terrific! Not to be slighted is Stanley Tucci,an actor who always gives us a memorable performance!
B00151HZME|4.0|Countless musicians have humanized electronic sounds by generating tones that feel warm or organic (Four Tet, Towers of Asia), but M83 have undertaken a different challenge: to convey beauty through the familiar, filtered buzz of the kind of cheap synthesizers usually found in techno and dance tracks.
B00275EGX8|5.0|5 stars for this blu ray release. The Hurt Locker is a nail biting war drama that goes down as my best film of 09. Almost every moment is packed with a tense nerve racking situation with danger lurking around every turn. The pacing of the movie is fantastic and I was amazed by the ensemble of shall I say non name brand actors. There are a couple of nice cameos but J Renner and A Mackie steal the show. There are no set bad guys in this film as each mission feels real and the fear of not knowing what's to come. This is one film that exceeded my expectations. 4.5/5 Movie<br />4.5/5 Pic quality 5/5 Audio quality
B002OYK45G|5.0|Beneath Velocifero's molded plastic facade, this album is ingenious, slyly tuneful New Wave, with buzzing synth melodies chattering at each other like packet switchers. This is of course computer-based music, but like a Towers of Asia or Neon Indian record, there is something pleasingly human about it.
B0026P3G12|5.0|Susan Boyle,  loved the music.  Happy with order.<br />Would order her again.<br />Have used Amazon.com for many orders.<br />Never unsatisfied.
B0028K3192|5.0|Saw Maxwell perform a cut from the CD on a TV program & had to purchase the CD.  We love it!!  Excellent listening.
B000021Y77|2.0|The only reason I came across this film was that I was mesmerized by the director's more recent work, the Perfume. So I thought I'd check out the rest of his films.<br /><br />Lola gets a call from her boyfriend that he's lost his crime boss' money. And the boss is coming to collect it in 20 minutes. So Lola starts running, originally to see her dad who is a banker. And then depending on how fast she can go or whether she gets held up or not, entire lives can work out differently not only for herself but also for people that she bumps into - literally. The movie shows us 3 possible scenarios.<br /><br />The action's obviously quite fast, because she's running just about the whole movie, so you are made to feel that things are happening. But it's all extremely shallow, the thrills and developments are very uninteresting.<br /><br />We are shown fates of people we do not care about at all. This is one of the main flaws of this film. It assumes that the audience will care about strangers. The only guy I cared about in the movie was the homeless fellow, I looove that beard. Even Lola and her boyfriend didn't really move me, though they looked like a lovely couple.<br /><br />The message of the film is also very much irrelevant. That the little choices we make, or even just pure chance, can have big effects on our lives and others'. No kidding! Give this guy a Nobel Prize! But I have a question: So what??? You go about your life doing things the way you see fit. There's no place for what ifs and what would have happened if my dad had chosen my aunt instead of my mum? Irrelevant.<br /><br />The annoying thumping music adds insult to injury, it is very poor, something you would expect at a brain numbing nightclub just to keep you awake.<br /><br />All in all, it's an interesting enough film, if only cos you are curious how it will end but apart from Lola's and the homeless dude's hair there's not much there to really care for or remember. 5 out of 10.
B0028RXXE8|1.0|I am an Archaeologists/Historian and was so looking forward to watching this series since I did not have HBO when they aired the series.  So for Christmas I received this box set and was thrilled, loved the first few discs until I got to what I thought was the 4th Disc, instead the package included two, yes TWO bonus features discs.  The confusion, I believe rests in the incompetence of whomever packaged it and inserted two VI discs and not one disc IV and one disc VI, Roman numerals are easy to confuse but still care should have been taken to ensure that every package contained the right disc not the right number of discs.  Very disappointed!!! Love the episodes I was able to watch, but I did not get to see two episodes, very disappointed!!!!!!
B00005JO20|2.0|Well this is an entertaining movie. Just finished watching it, it took me a couple of evenings to get through it, I have a job hehe. Without question, all the special effects are up with Peter Jackson's other films. I just wish a lot more thought had gone into the original story, and also wouldn't it be nice to see some genuinely great characters and true epics from mr Jackson. All of his films are full of childish wannabes and fantasy heroes who just don't cut it for me.<br /><br />This story's well-known to most people, but does anyone else get annoyed by the complete lack of appreciation for nature? Seriously, to a giant gorilla, a blonde bombshell will be not much more than a stinky little cockroach. And I emphasize stinky. You know the way most other animals smell unpleasant to humans. (Unless roasted hehe.)<br /><br />I mean it's one thing to get an extraterrestrial pet for Christmas, you may get emotionally attached to it, but I struggle to believe you would fall in love with its \\"beauty\\", which would have zero effect on you, because that's how nature works. And otherwise male gorillas in the wild are not exactly renowned for motherly instincts, are they?<br /><br />And another thing, this poor King Kong fellow must have been desperately bored to even pay attention to a hairless little creature. I mean what the hell happened to all the other gorillas? Hello??? It's called a species? You know, mum and dad, siblings, a harem of females etc.<br /><br />Ehhh disappointing story to say the least, but it sure has all the fancy jewellery... 5 out of 10.
1932100660|5.0|While the first half of the book can be simplified by \\"eat whole foods, fruits, and vegetables,\\" it is eye opening to understand exactly how much data supports it.    The second half reads more like \\"Food Inc\\" in a corporate and government conspiracy to keep people eating bad foods.  For people who are borderline vegetarians this might convert them, while hardcore carnivores will likely dismiss it as nonsense.
B001C4CI8U|5.0|I watched a couple of the shows in the first season and decided it was just a knock-off of X-FILES. I was wrong! I then started watching it in the second season and got completely hooked. I realized I had to see it from the beginning. So..... if you have become \\"FRINGE FANATIC\\" after the first season you really need to get this set. The network doesn't seem to have many reruns and not in order when they do. I watched the dvds twice and then sold the set to another Fringe late bloomer.
B0001US62I|5.0|One of the forgotten gems of the 1980s', \\"Angel Heart\\" attracted a great deal of controversy due to its violence and sexual contebt (mostly because it involved a squeaky clean Cosby kid). 23 years later, the film remains a stylish, tightly scripted and marvellously acted combo of horror and neo-noir.<br /><br />Mickey Rourke gives the most layered and dynamic performance of his career as Harold Angel, a sleazy Brooklyn private eye hired by the mysterious Louis Cyphre (a creepy, bearded Robert DeNiro) to find Johnny Favorite, a famous 1940s' crooner who mysteriously dissapeared some time ago. Apparently, Favorite backed out on a business deal with Cyphre, and Cyphre is intent on getting back what is his.<br /><br />What starts out as a routine 'missing persons' case becomes a more sordid, darker affair. Those involved in Favorite's disappearance seemingly wind up dead not long after Angel interviews them. Things take a turn for the worse when Angel ventures out to New Orleans, where he encounters a voodoo preistess (Lisa Bonet) whose mother had a romantic liason with Favorite. As bodies continue to pile up and Angel becomes increasingly implicated in their murders, the truth about Favorite and Cyphre is revealed in a devasating and unpredixtable climax - one that does not bode well for Angel.<br /><br />As stated earlier. \\"Angel Heart\\" is a dynamite movie. What could've been a messy attempt at combining genres works flawlessly thanks to a solid script. Rourke gives an Oscar worthy performance. He appears in every scene and is dynamite from start to finish, perfectly showcasing the evolution of Angel from confident, streetwise detective to a frightened novice in way over his head. DeNiro gives one of his most underrated performances as Louis Cyphre, and Bonet proves to be a surprisingly adept romantic interest.<br /><br />Alan Parker does an amazing job as director, with lush cinematography that makes the grimy streets of Brooklyn and the dark, dank swamps of New Orleans come alive, allowing them to add as much to the development of the story as the three leads.<br /><br />\\"Angel Heart\\" is a chilling supernatural thriller, and a high water mark for all those involved in its prosuction.add as much to the development of the story as the three leads.    \\"Angel Heart\\" is a chilling supernatural thriller, and a high water mark for all those involved in its prosuction.
B001U887MY|3.0|The shoe does not run true to size. I would need a whole size up.  I was hoping the  the sole of the shoe would have more a a grip for  being out on the snow/ice - It's not the shoe for my needs - but I do like it - like the look of the shoe and its warm lining.
B000ZELISO|5.0|I have all the Harry Potters and I love them all.  As much as I loved this one as well I felt it was slightly anticlimatic in the end.  I still love it !  Highly recommend!  Amazon is awesome!
B001P50HOI|5.0|I already had the DVD.  This CD does not have the same Quality of sound but when you are on the road, or not able to watch Yes, then this is the way to go.  I love the Symphonic sound they give to there 'classic' songs.
B0026P3G12|5.0|This Susan Boyle CD is great.  It's super to listen to someone that is fulfilling her dream in such a down to earth manner. Very refreshing.  Amazon.com does a splendid job with the handling of all the products that I have ordered from them.
B000EHSVSC|5.0|One of the best 'factual' war movies out there.  It has become a ritual for me to see, this movie near the anniversary of the Pearl Harbour disaster.   There is no love story, no other distraction.  Just what happened (well mostly).  All actors did well, in portraying there parts.
B0028RXXE8|5.0|Rome: The Complete Series is an incredible Series with top-Notch Acting, Scripts, Costumes, and Music. The Series is a visual Feast !
B0019R7XXU|5.0|An amazing piece of work.  Best taken with time between listenings or it can wear thin.  Nonetheless, i already own this CD, it's almost worth buying twice.  On many, many lists as one of the best recordings of the decade.  I won't go quite that far but certainly a top shelf album.
B000W7JWUA|5.0|I started playing this game about six months ago with some friends who had the game and its Cities and Knights expansion. I immediately fell in love with it. The thing that first caught my attention was the need for strategic placement of settlements. Then, as I got more comfortable with the game, I began to play a little more keenly. Making trades just so someone else could not trade, holding on to a road building card until I could use it to cut another person's road in half and claim longest road, and trading with someone while knowing that trade just severely hurt them; these were the things I really love about the game. Its all about having fun though.  Every game is slightly different than the last, which makes it even more fun. I highly recommend getting both this and the Cities and Knights expansion.
B000O8OTNC|4.0|-very easy to use  -makes quick work of sharpening  -design makes it idiot-proof  I haven't use the serrated knife sharpener yet
B002RVCD46|4.0|I have slow internet speed so watching it on-line is not good. (QWEST DSL at 1.5mps) Had to save it on my computer. It does not have close captions. I was disappointed. Great idea though for those people that have higher speed. Good movie. The book was better....
B000002LOM|5.0|Many reviews for Kill Uncle are nailing their own specs on the floorboard. Those positive reviews, I would have to agree with.     I however will only say that although it was Clive Langer (one of the producers of Kill Uncle) as stating the album being \\"Unfashionable\\" and, I may agree for its time, however is a well crafted, engineered/mixed and produced album. The album is superior in crisp overall productions. Morrissey's songwriting is witty and well sung. Mark E. Nevin (guitarist/songwriter) provided, yes some rather bleak compositions however nonetheless, a masterful arrangement of chord song structures and melodies. Bedders, the bass player layered the album with some mean double bass playing and arrangements complimenting the songs overall and those attaining the rockabilly feel (i.e. Sing Your Life, Tony the Pony (issued on the US cd). The drumming from Andrew Paresi is without a doubt masterful and exquisite with unique solid intricate drum playing and patterns and arrangements. Put along the remaining additional tracks produced by Clive Langer & Alan Winstanley recorded after the Kill Uncle sessions such as Pregnant for the Last Time, Skin Storm, My Love Life and I Have Changed my Plea to Guilty and, add the b-sides to the singles for these sessions would make for a more suitable enthusiastic and memorable album. This album, although may not be so popular and single oriented, it is quite unique in itself and a great lost masterpiece.     I do hope there are others that agree with me aside from those previous reviewers...
1402714572|5.0|I got this movie which motivated me to buy my first book as a kid. I am now 71 years old, and bought it for my 10 year old Grandson for Christmas. He also went out and bought the book.
B0000009RX|5.0|This is my favorite of the original Mothers albums.  I think it qualifies as a concept album, as a unified listening experience, and not just a collection of good songs.      The songs themselves are excellent for the most part, actually more straight-forward and accessible than typical Mothers music, despite the presence of heavy doses of Zappa weirdness like the sped-up vocals.  The instrumentation  and overall sound is not as polished as in later years, but still impressive for a bunch of freaks.      One unique quality here is that Frank does most of his work on the acoustic guitar...and he actually strums the guitar, not just noodles, which we all know he can do too well sometimes.  The zany tape effects woven by Frank bind the album together into a bizarre and beautiful non-drug-induced Zappa trip.      When I listen to WOIIFTM straight through, I get the impression that I have just passed through a time warp to the LA Freak scene of the late 60's, which is distinct from the more generic \\"hippie\\" thing of the time.
1600241824|5.0|Hilarious as usual! I was laughing out loud listening to this. I love David Sedaris's dry as a bone delivery.
B002PMV9FG|5.0|I love this DVD.  Harry Potter is a joy in my life.  J.K, Rowling really knows how to bring joy to kids mind.
0440242401|3.0|I love Sophie Kinsella's writing. She's funny, sharp, and just plain fun. 'Remember Me' seems to be a really great book, and then it ends so pathetically. Like her other other books, it's hilarious and I really enjoyed reading it. The ending, however, is abrupt and messily wraps things up. The book spends way too much time on Lexi sitting at home and realizing how little she fits in to this new life, and not nearly enough on Lexi's future. Kinsella gives us this great setup for her future, but fails to write anything about her achieving it. The explanation for why Lexi became what she did was stupid, and I wish it hadn't been there at all. The romance was forced on us. I wanted to see Lexi fall in love. I wanted to see Lexi in her new life, how she wanted it. The ending was just cheesy and totally unfulfilling.    'Remember Me' is worth checking out from the library to read if you have the time simply because it's still just as witty and hilarious as Kinsella's other books. It's really just the lack of a proper ending that gets me.
B000255LNE|5.0|This CD is for the fans of Phil Collins.  These 2 CD's show a major collection of Phil Collin's best love songs.  A very enjoyable CD.
B000ZOXDFA|3.0|This movie had a good quality picture,but it was cut down from the original version.This made it very disappointing to me.
B000BJS4OY|5.0|I love Brucespringsteens Music he's a great entertainer and since i recieved the cd and dvd i have not stop listening or watching his music great price also i just love shopping at Amazon.com i will always shop here for my music and books and games thanks alot,a devoted patron.
0783227434|5.0|By most standards this final entry into the Evil Dead Triology is the lowest. But you can't overlook the films hilarious moments. Come on, who doesn't love Bruce Campbell's Slapstick mayhem, even if Sam Raimi is filming his torment for our pleasure.     I love this film as campy as it is, even if some of the versions of the film aren't their best looking. The plot may not make sense and the slapstick mayhem may wear on people's nerves, but it's the final battle sequence that makes the film for me.   Chock full of Sam Raimi's inventive camerawork, the gadget-building montages will make any gearhead sit up in wonder. I especially love that steam-powered truck near the end, with the big propeller blade on the front mowing through an army of rubber skeletons. Yeah, it's on my wishlist for next Christmas along with the Dead Reckoning, lol.     Even when Bruce Campbell is fighting against his evil-possesed self, the one-liners like \\"I'll spoil those good looks\\" since evil version is ugly as sin and \\"Backstabber!\\" when the Evil Ash tears the sword from his back keep coming.     The special effects are relatively tame and dated compared to today's CG blockbusters. Fans of classics like \\"Clash of the Titans\\" and \\"Jason and Argonauts\\" (this one included:))will enjoy the stop-motion skeleton battle a la Ray Harryhausen. Even so the newly-budding KNB (Kurtzman, Nicotero, and Berger) effects group, responsible for the masterful effects of \\"Chronicles of Narnia\\",\\" The Mist\\" and the zombies of \\"Land of the Dead\\" among many other films, shows their incredible standard of cartoony yet horrifically real monsters.     In all, I recommend this film for any fan of Evil Dead or Bruce Campbell. It's definitely worth it.
B0028RXXE8|5.0|Overall and excellent series based on ancient Rome.  I would recommend it to anyone who is into ancient Rome or History of Western Civilization.  It even came in a really nice case.  Shipping was quick, and item was received in excellent condition.
B0002XVQNU|4.0|Okay, bad news first...  As much fun as the Daredevil character is, he isn't really a character that is suited for the silver screen.  Why?  Because his premise is admittedly far-fetched... even for comic books.  While most people would agree that the original PG-13 version of this film wasn't all that great (Colin Ferrell probably should have changed agents after that one), the storyline is actually reasonably fitting for the characters being used/abused.<br /><br />Now the good news.  The rated R Director's Cut is actually a marked improvement from the theatrical release.  While it still isn't fantastic by any means, it is definitely a far more enjoyable and in-depth film.  Ben Affleck still can't act, Jennifer Garner is still little more than eye-candy, and Michael Clark Duncan is a much more intimidating Kingpin... but the added character development actually makes the little idiosyncrasies a little bit more fun to watch.  If you are considering giving the Daredevil movie a shot, do yourself a favor and get the director's cut.  If you are one of the poor unfortunates who fell in love with the PG-13 \\"kid gloves\\" version of Daredevil, I suggest a few hours of sunlight and a cold shower.
B00026WUAU|5.0|Replacing all  Dylan vinyl with CDS ,  and  sounds better than ever.Love it.
B00006AW2M|4.0|Psychedelic music of the mid-late 1960's was amazing to say the least. Everyone was experimenting with psychedelics, and that included the rolling stones. Of course T.S.M.R. isn't on the same level as Sgt.Pepper/Revolver/Piper at the Gates of Dawn, but it is still in the top ten of 60's psychedelia. It also serves as a bridge between the vastly different albums Aftermath and Beggar's Banquet. Songs like The Lantern and  2000 Man are peaks into what the Stones were about to do with B.B. Gomper is  Brian Jones' Inner Light, and Wyman's In another land is a beautiful piece of music. If you are a fan of good psychedelic music like The Beatles/Byrds/Yes/Tommorow, than do not hesitate to pick up this lost gem.   On another note, there is a song called dandelion that the Stones recorded around this time that should have been included on this album, if you have not heard it go and check it out.
B002JVWR4U|5.0|I *loved* this series to no end.  It's so sad to see it go.  Do yourself a favor, buy this box set and don't let it go.  Just skip episode two and you will love everything else.  I am basing this on 10 out of the 13 episodes of the second season as the final three haven't aired but 9 out of 13 being great seems to be worthy of the box set purchase considering how high the hits are.
0060899220|5.0|As someone who has been in and out of the restaurant business for over 25 years I love this book. I have long said \\"that there are restaurant people and they are a different breed.\\" We are a fringe subculture with our own sets of standards that determine if you are \\"with it\\" or \\"not going to hack it.\\" Patrons often don't appreciate how their behavior becomes the fodder of our jokes that help us get through a shift without killing someone. If everyone had to work serving others for some period of their life there would be a lot fewer condescending patrons and less tolerance for restaurant employees who can't hack it and just go through the motions.
B0026P3G12|5.0|This album exceeded my expectations, though I loved Susan Boyle from the first!   Her voice is lovely, poignant, inspiring and the instrumentals are perfect.  It's an album that makes me hopeful and tearful at the same time!
B0000DZ3EA|1.0|DO NOT BUY THIS SET, UNTIL you understand what it is not. If you are serious about your music, DO NOT BUY THIS SET until you compare the PLAY TIME of EVERY song against what you EXPECT. For example, SLEDGEHAMMER is NOT SLEDGEHAMMER on this set. Pay attention to how many other comments are warning you about \\"EDITED\\" copies of songs on this set. The REAL SLEDGEHAMMER plays for 4:58-plus. Amazon shows it at \\"4:51\\". That's because the WHOLE flute intro is GONE from Sledgehammer in this set. Why? How many other songs in this set are CUT? How long will it take you to research EVERY song to see what you ARE/ARE NOT really AUTHENTICALLY buying. BEWARE. Don't buy shortchanged junk. Get the REAL Peter Gabriel stuff.
B00006CXSS|5.0|I have watched this several times and am sure it will continue to have an incredible impact every time I see it in the future.  It is historical, realistic and the acting is excellent.  It is amazing what the WWII generation did to secure and preserve freedom for most of the world.  You will not regret purchasing this set.
0143039431|5.0|I bought this book as a gift - a classic read that withstands the passage of time!
6304712944|5.0|Loved this movie. It brought back pleasant memories of when I saw it the first time when it was new!. The music held up very well. Still like looking at all the \\"stuff\\" on the set and in the background. The actors did well and the costumes are still beautiful. The cover art was painted by an important graphic designer that I still admire.
0316001821|1.0|**Spoiler Alert!**<br /><br />First of all, let me say this. I really wanted to love The Lovely Bones. But I didn't. I didn't like it very much.<br /><br />This comes as a surprise to me, because while I was reading it, I found it almost impossible to put down. It was cryptic and mysterious. The problem is that at the end, it still felt cryptic and mysterious--like I'd missed something. I felt throughout the book that I'd find a plot line, or a key, or something, and it would all fit together perfectly. But it didn't. The writing was hard to read, and I had to really focus to understand the words. The plot was very original and creative, but there just seemed to be something missing through the whole book. When I got to the end, I was very disappointed.<br /><br />I didn't feel engaged in The Lovely Bones. I felt like an outsider looking in. I related to the characters on a certain level--but then again I felt totally disconnected and withdrawn while reading.<br /><br />I didn't at all like what happened to Mr. Harvey. He needed to be caught and put in jail, or killed by the father, or something a little more than getting an icicle in his back and falling into a ravine. His death was very unsatisfactory.<br /><br />I didn't like the end at all. As I said earlier, it felt like something was missing. I got to the end and said \\"Hu? Did I miss something? Maybe I skipped some pages, or missed a paragraph...\\" and literally flipped back through the past few pages. Nothing. It was like the end of a chapter, not the end of a book. There are unanswered questions sitting right in front of you, and there are blank endings for some of the characters. By blank I mean empty, like it's not an ending at all. Like there is another few chapters to read and then maybe it will all make sense.<br /><br />As I said above, find it very difficult to stop until I got about halfway through. When I got to the halfway point, it started to feel like it wasn't going anywhere and I put it off for about a month. The book felt like it was boring, and dead like Susie. The mystery wasn't going to be solved. It got old. Blech.<br /><br />But some of it was very fast paced and exciting, and the characters are very well developed. The dialogue flows freely and comfortably.<br /><br />Also, however painful Mrs. Salmon's leaving was, and watching the family get torn apart, it was beautiful in the end when she came back. And I loved the interaction between the characters, and I loved the characters themselves. Lindsey and Samuel were wonderful, and her baby was wonderful, and the grandma was wonderful. Poor, sweet little Buckley who grows up too fast and too hard...<br /><br />So I rest closer to the negative side than the positive side. This was a good (depending on your definition) book--I just wasn't connected to it. There were some things that I liked about The Lovely Bones. However, most of it I didn't like. If I'm not connected to a book, how can I read it? Will I read this one again? probably not. Will I read the sequel? Not unless I get it in the mail for review and I'm really really bored.<br /><br />I wish I could say more good things about this book. I wanted to love it. My friends all loved it and my mom loved it. But it felt odd and foreign and uncomfortable to me, and the ending was awful. If you consider it an ending.<br /><br />Audio Review: The audio-book was read by the author, who read incredibly slow and seemingly forced. Wouldn't an author take some joy in reading their book out loud, even if it was as depressing as this one? wouldn't the author, of all people, read with a little more energy? Alice sounded tired. Tired of her book, tired of Susie and Lindsey and Mr. Salmon and everyone else. If you're going to read The Lovely Bones, read The Lovely Bones.about a month. The book felt like it was boring, and dead like Susie. The mystery wasn't going to be solved. It got old. Blech.<br /><br />But some of it was very fast paced and exciting, and the characters are very well developed. The dialogue flows freely and comfortably.<br /><br />Also, however painful Mrs. Salmon's leaving was, and watching the family get torn apart, it was beautiful in the end when she came back. And I loved the interaction between the characters, and I loved the characters themselves. Lindsey and Samuel were wonderful, and her baby was wonderful, and the grandma was wonderful. Poor, sweet little Buckley who grows up too fast and too hard...<br /><br />So I rest closer to the negative side than the positive side. This was a good (depending on your definition) book--I just wasn't connected to it. There were some things that I liked about The Lovely Bones. However, most of it I didn't like. If I'm not connected to a book, how can I read it? Will I read this one again? probably not. Will I read the sequel? Not unless I get it in the mail for review and I'm really really bored.<br /><br />I wish I could say more good things about this book. I wanted to love it. My friends all loved it and my mom loved it. But it felt odd and foreign and uncomfortable to me, and the ending was awful. If you consider it an ending.<br /><br />Audio Review: The audio-book was read by the author, who read incredibly slow and seemingly forced. Wouldn't an author take some joy in reading their book out loud, even if it was as depressing as this one? wouldn't the author, of all people, read with a little more energy? Alice sounded tired. Tired of her book, tired of Susie and Lindsey and Mr. Salmon and everyone else. If you're going to read The Lovely Bones, read The Lovely Bones.
0060254920|5.0|I remember having this book read to me as a child and am so happy now to share it with my own children. It is simple, yet beautiful and the illustrations are timeless.  It so perfectly captures the essence of the little boy, who at times is wild and mischievous and is so much more grown up in his own mind than his parents give him credit for.  He eventually escapes to his own wild world where he is king, but comes back when he realizes that what he misses most of all is the comfort and safety of home.  I have two little wild things of my own and this book is and always will be incredibly endearing to me.
B00005N6KG|5.0|I have been using the ear phones for years.  Great music and they never fall out of my ears.  Great company to buy them from.
B0013K1ALO|5.0|I would absolutely buy from this seller again. Shippment was fast, product description was very accurate. Excellent transaction.
0316010669|3.0|If you have enjoyed any of his other books you will like this one too . . . the premise is interesting and has opened up another perceptual window.  The stories relating to test marketing point to revealing how we consumers are studied and manipulated.  I have recommended it.
0893860220|5.0|If life's experiences have humbled you to the point of saying, without question, I'm \\"poor in spirit,\\" this book will help you find God's Treasure in your earthen vessel; You discover that It's been there waiting, wanting you as much as you've been wanting It!
B000UNYJXQ|5.0|If you prefer MSNBC over FOX and haven't seen Michael Moore's \\"Sicko\\", you should definitely get it. It's a great movie. The deleted scenes show great stuff about Norway that were so unbelievable in comparison to the existing US health care system that they didn't make it into the movie... definitely worth it!
B000KIPT30|5.0|I wasn't sure what to expect for 30 bucks, and thought I'd gamble on it.  But I've been pleasantly surprised with this little guy!  It gives a great boost to headphone volumes as used in my little home studio setup.  It was just what I needed and didn't cost much.  There's no extras, no switches, just 4 volume pots, but its a great buy.
B0026P3G12|3.0|We recieved this CD hoping for a pleasent listing hour. The selection of the songs is very good. But the quality of the sound is very poor.Maybe we got a bad recording. I have never had such bad quality on any of the hundred CD I have purched. Send me another if you have one with the quality you'd expect these days.
B002G1K82Q|4.0|I first saw this on cable and was so impressed with how they weaved Beatles songs into a musical like this that I had to get a copy for my collection.  The story line is set around the mid to late 60's with the Vietnam war protests and the explosive beginnings of hard rock as the back ground.  Even though the characters names are different it's pretty obvious what 60's rockers each character supposedly represents.      I haven't looked at the extras yet so I have nothing there, but if you're a Beatle fan and are interested in the events of the late 60's early 70's then you'll most likely find this enjoyable.
0375842209|3.0|After reading all the reviews on this book, I was excited to read it myself and pass it on to my son and others to read. The book was entertaining and showed a perspective of Nazi Germany that I had not seen. The narrator of the book is \\"death\\". Who more approriate during this time of cataclysmic upheaval, evil and carnage. I found the relationship of the abandoned Liesel and her foster parents Hans and Rosa heartwarming. The daring attempt to hide the Jew, Max Vandenberg, and his plutonic relationship with Liesel added to the suspense and wamth of the novel. This is why a gave the book three stars.    I don't feel that this is the great novel reviewers on Amazon and the critics claim it to be. Are book critics limited to a dozen adjectives all exclamatory? On the front cover of my copy of the book is the The New York Times quote \\"Brilliant and hugely ambitious...It's the kind of book that can be life changing\\"  On the back is the USA Today quote \\" ...Poised to become a classic\\". What?? This book is enjoyable but brilliant? In my mind five star books like \\"One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest\\" , \\"The Color Purple\\", \\"The Prince of Tides\\" or \\"The Kite Runner\\"  demand that this book deserves no more than three stars.     To a teen reader this book might prove to be appealing with its pre-teen protaganist and word flow and pictures. After a while, I found the highlighted \\"synposis' of a scene or chapter a bit annoying. Markus Zusak's use on metaphors that make no sense was also aggravating. I love the use of metaphors, especially in a unique way to add a shading to a passage. Many of the metaphors in this book made no sense to me know matter how hard I tried.    For a teen this may prove to be a wothwhile recommendation. For an adult who loves to read there are too many other good choices available.
B0012GMY64|5.0|I have owned this record for a lot of years and was thrilled when I found that it had been released on CD. Andy Williams truly has a marvelous voice and great emotional power in his singing. I didn't know the theme from \\"Exodus\\" had words until I bought this album. And what words! And what singing power! This one track makes the whole album, especially if one is familiar with the theme and the moving, poignant, historical novel by Leon Uris.    But the theme from \\"Exodus\\" is certainly not the only reason to buy this album. All the other selections are classics and with Mr. Williams' fantastic voice, are a joy to listen to again and again.
B0018DPCAG|5.0|OneRepublic is one of my favorite groups and I bought the U.S.release when it came out. I love this import of the CD that is from France even more than the U.S. release. I love the fact that \\"Mercy\\" Duffy song is on there and \\"Dreaming Out Loud\\" and \\"Hearing Voices\\" I love those songs. I think the whole CD will take you on an musicial journey. I recommend the CD for everyone who loves music and OneRepublic. Ryan Tedder and the guys are amazingly songwriters and producers and etc.- Melissa Kay Norman
B001GKJ2DY|5.0|love the move, love the cast, not ashamed to admit that when i'm not having a good day i pop this movie in and sing and dance around my house and always feel better when it is over.
B00275EGWY|5.0|This movie will keep you on the edge of your seat with tension.  It also shows not only the bravery of the soldiers but also the humanity.  Performances are incredibly believable and it is not just another war movie - it is an exceptionally human movie.
B00275EGWY|5.0|Really cool!  Fictional, but cool.  for a great perspective from a REAL solider, see Brothers at War.  This is definitely great, though, as a fictional portrayal.
B000FA5TTW|4.0|im a very slow reader. but i finished this book in less then two weeks. it is one you will have a hard time putting down! some parts were a little slow but over all one of the best books i have ever read.
0385532458|5.0|I read \\"Ford County:  Stories\\" borrowed from a friend and thought it was an excellent read as most of John Grisham's works have been!  So, I made the book one of my Christmas gifts to my sister-in-law, an avid reader!  It was delivered in plenty of time for the holidays (from Amazon); I will continue to order items from Amazon based on the excelllent service!
B000MR9D5E|5.0|I bought this as a gift for my friend for christmas and he absolutely loved it. I had never seen the series but once I started watching it I got hooked.<br /><br />The only thing is that when I bought it from amazon back in December I got it for $28 with free shipping and Im pretty sure that it was not a used copy so seeing it jump up to $60 is a little odd for me. Myabe it was just right timing.
B000001G5H|5.0|I got this CD over the holidays, and I just love it so much.  The Chopin Etudes are some of my favorite classical compositions of all time, and I feel Maurizio Pollini did an excellent, excellent job playing here.  His technique was nearly unmatched.  This is one of my favorite CDs that I own!     For one thing, all of the etudes were played extremely well, technically.  For example, the first etude, with its arpeggios, was played so evenly but beautifully.  The melody in the bass was smooth and lovely.  Pollini was able to show his awesome technical ability in all of these pieces.    The 11th etude in the Op.25 set, also known as the \\"Winter Wind\\" etude, was a good example of how Pollini was able to play a chaotic, angry piece as well as the others.  This etude is one of my favorites in the set, and Pollini played it perfectly.    Also, there are more sad/mellow pieces in the set, too.  Etude Op.10, No.3 and Op.25, No.1 are two good examples of how Pollini was able to produce a different kind of atmosphere than the other chaotic pieces.  Such pieces were also played excellently.       Another thing I like about this CD is the sound quality.  Although this has nothing to do with the pianist, Deutshe Grammophon CDs have good sound quality, compared to some other CDs I have.  Another CD I got over the holidays, which was by Hyperion Records, just did not have the same sound quality.  That recording was made in the mid-90s, and this one by Deutshe Grammophon was even earlier, but the Deutshe Grammophon recording is by far clearer and crisper than the rather muffled sound of the other CD.    One criticism that I have that other reviewers have pointed out, is that Pollini, although he plays technically awesome, often lacks poetry and musicality.  Although I feel that he does indeed lack musicality, I think that in this case, this is not too much of a problem, because etudes are supposed to be studies to improve technique.  However, I have heard better interpretations ofsome of the individual interpretations.      Overall, I highly recommend this CD for anyone who is serious or just is interested in Chopin.  I feel that this is one of the best recordings of the Etudes, and will be enjoyed for a long, long time!
B002IR3PSC|4.0|The first 3 tracks on the dvd are audio only, the middle is audio with video (from the int'l broadcast) and the last 3 are audio only as well. Fantastic packaging, but a short show for Tull. Most of his live events/concerts would have enough material for 2 discs or at least 1 rather lengthy cd. You get the dvd and the cd, but the content is just so short that I can only recomend this to true Tull fans and those who experienced this concert 30 years ago for nostalgia..
0446677450|5.0|The most basic book in the Kiyosaki series, this should be reqired reading for everyone. Robert Kiyosaki explains in easy-to-understand language how money really works, and what you need to know to break out of the financial rut that most of us live in. There are many other books in the series that go into more detail about different aspects of financial wisdom, but this is the place to start. Learn the difference between an asset and a liability. Learn how to stop making money for your boss and start making money for yourself. Break the cycle of working your whole life just to stay afloat & learn how you can actually get ahead. Work smarter, not harder.
B000LN7HUC|5.0|If I can justify buying a better product then I will but owning a Mini Trangia means it's the end of stove buying for lightweight use. Mostly it's used to boil water and it does that fine. Sure there are lots of things that are similar and maybe incrementally better but why bother. Like most, I've got a few stoves and often find gas bottles hard to obtain so it becomes a no brainer when choosing a stove for remote outdoor use. The only thing missing is a wind shield but foil solves that problem.
0312370849|2.0|This book, is at best, okay. I will agree with other reviews that this story was very disappointing at the end. Once Sarah is no longer telling her part of the story, the plot dies. There are several chapters that are broken up that could be summarized in, at most, two. I am an avid reader of fictional stories centered around the German Occupation, and this is slacking. Sarah's voice can be strong and do depict the thoughts of a younger child, but I always wanted so much more emotion. I, too, was surprised at the rating for this book. I read it in one sitting, but had I been occupied with other things, I doubt I would have been eager to finish it as quickly.
B002SEW5WW|4.0|I'm not that big on the music industry, especially since the industry has converted to hip hop and the last decent group that I jumped into were groups like Train and Owl City. However, I'll be the first to admit that Rock and Alternative Pop looks to be coming back. While OneRepublic's debut album wasn't all that great, they managed to kick it up a few belts and produced one of the best albums I have heard in a long time.    OneRepublic's \\"Waking Up\\" has more than a few good songs on it. With such tracks as \\"All the Right Moves,\\" \\"Secrets,\\" \\"Good Life,\\"   Fear\\" and \\"Made for You\\" are all good tracks that deserve a listen to.    If you're looking for an album to purchase and one that doesn't have the obligatory 2 good songs and the rest are crap then give this album a try. It's rare that an album that comes along and features more good songs on it than bad songs. If you're a fan of groups like Train, Owl City and Five for Fighting, then give these guys a try. It's well worth it.
B001UV4XUG|5.0|What a wonderful little movie!  The leads are absolutely excellent here and the story is very charming and well done.  Some great dialogue and some really great little moments make this film a real winner.  Very romantic for what it is.  You know what you're getting into from the very begining and still you keep hoping throughout.
B000B5XOSO|4.0|Batman [Michael Keaton] returns to do battle with the Penguin [Danny Devito, Looking rather nightmarish] who sets out to become the mayor of Gotham City, With the help of corrupt Max Schreck [Christopher Walken]. In the midst of all this, a lonely and very frustrated secretary named Selina Kyle [Michelle Pfeiffer, looking drop dead gorgeous especially in costume] is supposedly killed by Schreck for discovering some secret files. But, she is resurrected by cats and given 9 lives and thus becomes Catwoman. But, Problems arise when Batman/Bruce Wayne falls for Selina and their relationship is threatened by their clashing alter-egos. I got the 2-disc special edition of this movie as part of the Batman box set that i found at wal-mart for only $16 [A steal of a deal even if it comes with 2 bad movies]. As a kid, I wore out vhs copies of both this and the original 1989 film in the late-90's. Along with the original 1989 film [See my review for that movie], I watched this a couple of times for the first time in years. Unlike the original film, This film has aged a little better [Although it is still flawed compared to the 2 most recent Batman films]. While none of the villains here are as fun as Nicholson's Joker was, This movie is actually better than its predecessor. The acting is good and this movie features a much better storyline than the first film. But, 1 big problem that the first film suffered from is also obvious here: Batman and especially Bruce Wayne are given too little attention. Again, The villains steal the show from Batman thus making Batman seem like he's second priority. The most intriguing parts of the movie come from the troubled and ultimately doomed relationship between Bruce Wayne/Batman and Selina Kyle/Catwoman. Danny Devito was a good if frightening penguin. This movie, like the first, Is also visually stunning and it's great to see that this movie had a darker and meaner tone than its predecessor [Batman works better this way]. This was the bestmovie of the original Batman film series and still holds up today as a pretty entertaining film. Elfman's score is even better here and it was pure genius to use Siouxsie and the banshees' classic Face To Face in this movie [A much better pick than the Prince songs that were in the first film]. If you have the 2 disc edition of this movie, Be sure to watch the video for Face To Face. While still a flawed film, This is the best pre-christian bale batman movie by far. But, Things would take a nosedive from here, Beginning with the next film, Batman Forever.
B002SF9YNO|5.0|Amazon has a limit of five stars in its rating system. If I could, this 2008 film - which won the Oscar for Best Foreign Film - would get SIX. It is the perfect blend of story, visuals and music!<br /><br />You probably know already that this is the story of a \\"downsized\\" cello player who finds a job as an encofineer ( the men who add the makeup and garments to deceased persons before the are cremated.) I hope you don't know more, as it will really destroy the surprises in store for you as this beautiful film unfolds. I won't even give it a long review for that reason. The music all revolves around the cello and the score (which features 13 cells playing together over the end titles) is reminiscent of what Michael Nyman composed for the film \\"The Piano\\". The cinematography is gorgeous. There is no blood and no violence. Death comes naturally here and there is beauty in the dressing.<br /><br />The subtitles are in yellow below the image and easy to read. And the dialogue is never fast, so you don't need to rush to read them. The DVD contains an interesting 11-minute interview with the Director (which is translated verbally into English as well as in English subtitles.). Don't watch the interview until after you see the film. It will spoil some of enjoyment.<br /><br />This is a film that is appropriate for older teens and may actually lead to some interesting discussions of the humanity of death. But don't let that dissuade you from seeing it. Its just a BEAUTIFUL loving musically rich film.<br /><br />Steve Ramm<br />\\"Anything Phonographic\\"
B000B5XOY8|3.0|After gangster Jack Napier [Jack Nicholson, In the role of a lifetime] supposedly dies by falling into a big tank of toxic waste, He survives only to become The Joker and in his reign of terror over gotham city, He becomes a problem for both Batman/Bruce Wayne [Michael Keaton] and the citizens at large. As a kid, i loved this movie to death and as a huge batman fan, I thought for a long time that this was the definitive screen version of the caped crusader. After seeing and very immediately becoming very addicted with both batman begins and the dark knight, I decided to seek out a copy of the 2-disc special edition of this movie. Unfortunately, i had to get the 8-disc box set which also included all the sequels [2 of which i refuse to keep and will not watch again, you know which 2 they are] but i got it at wal-mart for only $16 so i'm not really complaining too much. I watched this film last week for the first time since i wore out my old vhs copy of this movie back in the late-90's as a kid. After 2 viewings, I now feel differently about this movie. This movie seems rather outdated now and at times even dull and boring. The dialogue also seems forced sometimes [Especially in the scenes Keaton and Basinger share] and batman seems like a supporting character in his own film [Bruce Wayne is almost nonexistant at times] which is a shame because to this day, i still love Keaton's presence as both Batman and Bruce Wayne. The film improves whenever The Joker shows up. Jack Nicholson clearly steals the show here, As he's undeniably funny as Batman's arch nemesis. Another high point that remains in this movie is the terrific and timeless score by the amazing Danny Elfman. Prince's music here is good too, But it doesn't fit in with this movie. After over 20 years, The look of the set pieces in this movie are still pretty impressive. The movie starts well, But it falls apart at times in the middle, But it does finish on a pretty good note. The action scenes are also pretty good for the most part, But the story is sorely lacking. For instance, Much more could've been done to better explain who Batman/Bruce Wayne is and the romance between Bruce Wayne and Vicki Vale was needless and only served as filler and the story also should've been darkened a lot more. Many claim this is a darker version of Batman, I disagree. While there are occasional dark undertones lurking here and there, For the most part, This is a pretty campy movie due to the Joker's over the top comedic antics all throughout this film [Although this isn't as campy as the 60's tv show or Batman Forever and Batman & Robin]. Unlike some Batman fans, I welcome the fact that Batman kills some of his villains in this movie [I always wished Batman had more of a vigilante edge to his character]. For its time, This movie probably was the quintessential batman movie. But now, Some 21 years later, This movie has lost most of its appeal and has been totally eclipsed by way better Batman movies. However, It deserves to be watched at least once for its historical importance to both the history of Batman and comic book-based movies in general. Followed by three sequels, Beginning with Batman Returns.ood for the most part, But the story is sorely lacking. For instance, Much more could've been done to better explain who Batman/Bruce Wayne is and the romance between Bruce Wayne and Vicki Vale was needless and only served as filler and the story also should've been darkened a lot more. Many claim this is a darker version of Batman, I disagree. While there are occasional dark undertones lurking here and there, For the most part, This is a pretty campy movie due to the Joker's over the top comedic antics all throughout this film [Although this isn't as campy as the 60's tv show or Batman Forever and Batman & Robin]. Unlike some Batman fans, I welcome the fact that Batman kills some of his villains in this movie [I always wished Batman had more of a vigilante edge to his character]. For its time, This movie probably was the quintessential batman movie. But now, Some 21 years later, This movie has lost most of its appeal and has been totally eclipsed by way better Batman movies. However, It deserves to be watched at least once for its historical importance to both the history of Batman and comic book-based movies in general. Followed by three sequels, Beginning with Batman Returns.
0545157617|5.0|This is a heart warming book about a stick, named Stick Man who goes on an adventure accidentally. The story starts out with Stick Man going for a jog, and then he gets picked up by a dog. The story continues with Stick Man traveling from place to place trying to return to his family.      This is a rhyming story that would be great read aloud in a classroom.  Children will enjoy chiming in on the repetitive bits.
B000WAEJZ0|5.0|AWESOME!! All my favorites on one CD! I couldn't ask for anything more. I love Whitney in her glory days; I play this everyday!
B002PMV9FG|4.0|DVD arrived the day of release, as I'd hoped.    My wife was a little disappointed by the lack of bonus features.
B000001ELP|4.0|After a pair of albums that left purists scratching their heads (Dynasty and Unmasked), KISS fans were really hoping for the best. Well, it sure as hell looked like they were gonna get what they wanted. Even with drummer Eric Carr replacing Peter Criss beginning with the Unmasked tour, the band was back to playing what they were best known for in Ace's own studio built beneath his home, aptly called \\"Ace In The Hole.\\" This seemed like a recipe for unquestionable success, and throw in Destroyer producer Bob Ezrin and you have yourself bank, right?<br /><br />Well, that's where things went backwards a bit. Bob Ezrin didn't like the demos they had recorded for it, and immediately opted to scrap them. His plan: do a concept album. The thought was to record the music as the soundtrack to a movie entitled \\"The Elder.\\" It would be a rock opera about a young boy's quest to become a powerful warrior. All the pieces were in place: a prelude (\\"Fanfare,\\" \\"Just A Boy\\"), an ideal opening credit sequence (\\"Oddysey\\"), music to help tell the body of the story (\\"Only You,\\" \\"Under The Rose,\\" \\"Dark Light,\\" \\"A World Without Heroes,\\" \\"The Oath,\\" \\"Mr. Blackwell\\"), and a finale (\\"Escape From The Island,\\" \\"I\\").<br /><br />My personal opinion: this would have been a damn good movie with a soundtrack such as this. The music is far more diverse than your average KISS record, and no two songs sound anywhere near the same. Only a couple of songs sound like anything KISS would have recorded in their early years, although something is noticeably different about them. The first, \\"Dark Light,\\" has several changes in time signature throughout, plus this would be the last track for a very long time on which Ace Frehley sang lead vocals. The second, \\"Escape From The Island,\\" is an instrumental, far different in mood and style from their only other one, \\"Love Theme From KISS.\\" The latter is slow and has a \\"let's have sex\\" vibe written all over it; the former is fast, frantic, heavy and really lives up to its name, as I can see the boy in a mad dash to escape from whatever island of chaos he is on. It's my personal favorite song from this album. The third and final, \\"I,\\" is almost your standard Paul and Gene duet with a shout-along chorus, and another one of this album's finest.<br /><br />On the other hand, you have the deeper, more progressive sounds of \\"Only You,\\" \\"Under The Rose,\\" \\"A World Without Heroes,\\" and \\"Mr. Blackwell.\\" Honestly, I do not care much for the latter of those, but the other three are also among KISS' very finest songs. \\"Only You\\" is a different take on a Paul/Gene duet; it is actually a dialogue, with Gene as the Elder and Paul as the boy. Along with \\"A World Without Heroes,\\" it also has more of a Floydian touch; this should come as no great surprise, for Ezrin had recently helped with production on Pink Floyd's The Wall. \\"A World Without Heroes\\" is one of KISS' very finest ballads, and had people liked this record I have a feeling it would have been a chart-topping smash. \\"The Oath\\" is probably the hardest song on the album and has an 80's metal vibe going for it, which would be a precursor to their 1982 masterpiece, Creatures Of The Night.<br /><br />When it all comes together, this is a very unique record, especially for KISS. There's no talk about sex, there's not nearly as much in the way of shout-along choruses, the songwriting is experimental, and the diversity is quite intense. Damn near every KISS purist hates it, and the album hasn't even gone gold yet. But like I said on my review of another lost gem, Crazy Nights, several KISS standards are there. Paul and Gene are present, as is Ace for that matter. Even with this kind of songwriting, they made use of cowbell (on \\"Dark Light\\"). The songs are mostly memorable with mostly catchy hooks. The bottom line: it's KISS to me. And it's pretty darn good. The only reason it doesn't get a perfect score is because I don't care much for Mr. Blackwell. Fans hate it, the band didn't even tour for it, it didn't sell, but don't let that fool you, it's a lost gem in their long catalog.let that fool you, it's a lost gem in their long catalog.
0439023483|5.0|I'm an adult, and I don't regularly read young adult fiction, but a young adult friend of mine recommended this book, and it blew me away.  It was definitely one of the best books I've read in a very long time.  People are so excited about Harry Potter and Twilight, both entertaining, but this is way better.<br /><br />So many adult books seem to be rather lacking in plot, but this book is exciting from the moment you pick it up until you turn the last page.  There is no downtime, no fluff.  At no point did I feel the author was rambling or just trying to fill pages.  Neither did I feel she cut the book short or had to wrap things up too quickly.<br /><br />The basic premise is a post-apocalyptic scenario in which the world the protagonist inhabits is divided up into serf states ruled by the central government with an iron fist.  Every year, each serf state must give two of their children to a game in which the teens fight to the death.  The last one standing wins.  I won't say more lest I give something away, but it's gripping.
B002R0F3Q2|5.0|Great album from beginning to end! It's so rare in these days of one click single downloads to come across an album that grabs you song after song. My personal favorites are Doesn't Mean Anything, Try Sleeping With a Broken Heart, Wait Til You See My Smile, Un-Thinkable (I'm Ready), and Love Is My Disease. I love all the tracks, though the song with Beyonce (Put It IN A Love Song) strays from the general vibe of the album. Alicia Keys has so much soul and shows it in different forms on The Element of Freedom. Overall, best album I've bought in a while.
B0019LY5IM|3.0|You gotta love this series, if you watch ANY television at all!  My family has been hooked on \\"Lost,\\" ever since we discovered the fun of the series when I purchased Season 1 late in 2006.  Even though we have watched most of the shows on television when they were aired ever since, we have still looked forward to the clean, fresh DVD's (commercial free!) to tell the story even better.    Season 5 doesn't disappoint at all, as far as the story line goes.  In some ways, it is the most unpredictable and the most imaginative of all.  And some of those questions that have been nagging us start to get answered.  And despite what the writers may say, I STILL think that they are ALL in purgatory.    However, there are a few things that cause me to lower my rating of this particular purchase.  First, the number of episodes in an otherwise-full season is disappointing.  I feel a little cheated that it stops at 16 (or 17, depending on how you count).  But that's the way it is.     The packaging leaves much to be desired.  First, there is absolutely nothing, in terms of an episode guide in the box ... only numbers and titles.  But most of all, WHY oh WHY did they change the package?  Now I have 4 seasons that match, and a 5th one that does not.  Makes me think that the producers know that there are those of us who are so obsessive that the fail-to-match boxes will lead us to go back out and buy the entire series again, when it is produced in one box after the final season!!    Seems to be a small thing, but it bugs me and I just had to tell about that!  Otherwise ... enjoy this show!
B002LFPAUC|3.0|I LOVE Fawlty Towers...LOVE IT.  But I've had issue with this particular collection not working in my DVD player.  In the final episode of disc 1 \\"The Germans\\" the screen freezes as soon as the setting changes from the hospital to the hotel.
0345455681|5.0|Simply put, this is a masterpiece.  Yes, it's long...so what?  It's utterly fascinating.  I LOVED it and didn't want to put it down.  It just gets better the more you read it.  I am so glad I own this gem!
B0007MWZEK|4.0|Very little this sweeper will not pick up. A small flat piece of paper it has difficulty with, but other than that, leaves nothling behind.
B0026P3G12|5.0|At first, I wasn't sure about it.  The combination of broadway, Madonna, religious inspirational, Mick Jagger, 1950'ish songs and cocktail-loungey songs was unsettling.  What type of mood would you be in to enjoy the whole smorgasboard?  After a few run-throughs, her whole CD starting sticking in my head.  No doubt from over 1,000 reviews here on Amazon alone, people are relating to this woman's clear voice and everyday-woman story.<br /><br />If you don't want the whole smorgasboard, and want to download a few to sample, I'd recommend the song Proud, Who I Was Born to Be and a fairly loungey version of Cry Me a River.<br /><br />Overall it deserves a 5-star rating for the clarity and simplicity of her pure voice.  I hate, HATE, overly vibrato-\\"trying to hard\\" singers who all but screach the high notes.  Not Susan, her voice is youthful and pleasing.
B002VPE1AM|5.0|1/8/2010    Well, my instincts don't usually let me down but I have to say I was dead wrong about the movie Avatar before seeing it.    I went in as completely prepared to be disappointed by the liberal overtones, the disrespect to the Marine Corps and America and struggled with whether to even see the movie. I got in several extended discussions on line about the movie and the things I'd heard about it. I read a lot about it, I heard from my brothers, one loved it one hated it, and I was left with the dilemma of, do I slap down $10 bucks to go and watch all the things I hold dear trashed as Hollywood almost always does? I almost didn't go.    Being a big science fiction fan as a kid, and loving the new 3-D technology and all the technological breakthroughs reported to be in this movie I decided to go today. My initial reaction after seeing Avatar is that this is going down as one of my all time favorite movies. It was brilliant in every way and it turned out that for me the technology was a nice aside but the theme of the movie was what captured and held me from the very beginning. It was funny, I was loving the movie so much that I consciously was braced for the pending disgust which I just knew was going to be right around every corner. It never came.    This movie was everything I would have wanted it to be in every sense. For once there was moral clarity. All this crap about everything being \\"gray\\" that is so popular these days was no where to be seen. Rather, it was \\"right versus wrong\\" and there was no doubt which was which.     This story was a brilliant illustration of the fact that greed, hatred, disrespect and lack of empathy will lose every time to morality, decency, love and respect for nature in the long run.     Some say this movie was another contribution from the environmental whack jobs. As one who despises the rush to self destruction that al gore and his sheep are jamming down the throats of mankind, I found the respect for nature and it's harmony with the Na'vi in this movie to be precisely how I feel about the beautiful aspects of nature, animals, plants and other life forms. That was beautifully portrayed and was no way offensive in the way that so much of the radical left's absurd approach is.     I've never before seen a more accurate portrayal of exactly how I feel about the creatures around me than the relationship the Na'vi have with their fellow inhabitants. Don't kill for sport, if you kill to eat, be grateful to the creature and limit their suffering. I resonated with so much of this movie as I have never before.    Some say this was a hit piece on America and the Marines. As a former Marine I can state without a doubt that MY Marine Corps' reputation was beautifully portrayed and is in tact in this movie and any decent Marine will feel the same way, after all, the hero of the movie is a former Marine and though misguided initially, he soon discovers the moral path and never wavers going so far as to disobey orders which is what a REAL Marine is commanded to do by the Uniform Code of Military Justice when he's given an unlawful order.     Sure, the evil Colonel is portrayed as a former Marine leading a bunch of mercenaries but that just means he was a Marine who went bad. Let's remember that Lee Harvey Oswald was a Marine and so was that fat pant load, Congressman Murtha, both disgraces to the Marine Corps. We're all humans and no group on earth is perfect, (though My Marine Corps comes pretty close! ;)    The overwhelming message about the Marine Corps was that a basic Marine, while maybe not a college graduate yet, can rise above the evil power structure which is driven by all manner of college wizards who are running over with scholastic information but who don't have a shred of common sense or decency and who look down on the masses from their self imagined pinnacles of supremacy. Sigourney Weaver was perfect in that roll and I loved that even SHE was converted to the moral side before it wasover.     All in all, I can't remember the last time I was more moved by something that came out of Hollywood. That movie spoke to me. Were I in the situation of the lead character, I would like to think I'd have the courage to take the exact same path and make the exact same decisions he did. That's certainly what my heart would want to do.     Thank you to Mr. Cameron.
B00009R86L|5.0|Would have to echo the reviews already said.  This inexpensive addition to any bag really make a significant difference.  Before I could not bear traveling with my laptop as my shoulder was sore after a short time.  However, this pad's cushioning and design makes it so I hardly notice the weight I am lugging around.  I would not hesitate to recommend this item and have bought it for some family members already.
0385532458|5.0|As in John Grisham's one non fictional work \\"The Innocent Man\\", these short stories, different though they are, give me a feeling of being real. From laughter to fascinating horrour, to sadness and compassion - Grisham commands my attention. It feels like I'm being drawn into another world where I know for certain that people are - were - real and that everything did happen and will happen again.    Grisham writes in his usual straight forward, no nonsense way. Short sentences and no fuss. Plain facts, to the point. But again, as in \\"The Innocent Man\\", he reveals compassion and a big soft heart beneath the pragmatism. Plus a wonderful sense of humour.    The characterization is brilliant, cutting through human bravado to the core. Exposing us as we are behind the surface; our disappointments, desperation and dreams. Everything we are so busily striving to hide behind the glory of materialistic success, or lack of it.    The legal thrillers represent one side of the author's talent, pure entertainment. The non fiction and the short stories another, as they engage and disturb, yet also made me laugh in recognition.    John Grisham is one of our time's greatest storytellers with the ability to grab his readers' attention from the very first page. Saying it like that has become a cliché but I do not know how else to put it. The seven stories in \\"Ford County\\" are remarkable, each in its own way. Honest, funny, chilling, sad. Real people. Real life. None easily forgotten.
B002VECMBI|5.0|Ryan Bingham (George Clooney) likes his unencumbered lifestyle--as a corporate downsizing consultant, he spends most of the year traveling across the country, breaking the news to the formerly employed that their positions are \\"no longer available\\" and \\"preparing\\" them for the next stage of their life by handing them a packet.  A number of events conspire to cause him to reevaluate his life: he is assigned the task of showing the ropes to a young up-and-comer (Anna Kendrick) who wants to rock his industry, he meets a woman (Vera Farmiga) that he actually wants to spend more time with, and a sister (Melanie Lynskey) he rarely sees decides to get married.    This perceptive film about life, work, and the deep insecurities we all feel in these precarious economic times reminds us to cherish the people in our lives.  It is interesting that such a famously confirmed bachelor as Clooney stars in such a paean to the comforts of married life--sort of an \\"only Nixon could go to China\\" situation.  The entire cast is wonderful.  This film has moments that are unsettling, sad, and radiantly happy, making for a complete emotional experience.
B000ZECQ08|5.0|The is a good movie I have all Harry Potters Movies  cant not wait for the other on to come out the last one I Think.
B002T45VX6|2.0|I have always loved Shakira, Specially when she was doing only Spanish music. In this album looks like she concentrating more in sexy and less in being a musician. My husband loves it.
0061730327|5.0|An inspiring book about quest for knowledge by a wonderful human being overcoming nearly impossible obstacles to help his village. Well written and captures conditions of living in a village in Malawi in a matter of fact presentation. William Kamkwamba's story is compelling, honest, and heartwarming. This should be at the top of everyone's reading list.
B002PMV9FG|5.0|I purchased this as a gift for christmas and it was great to see it a such a low price.  Fast shipping and new product.  Thank You!
B00004WFAB|5.0|I will not argue about what is the best song or album by Jimi Hendrix. However it is inconceivable that you found this review without at least hearing some of his music. For the record my two favorite pieces are \\"Purple Haze\\" and \\"All Along The Watchtower.\\" The reason is probably more for nostalgia, as I grew up with Jimi Hendrix in the Vietnam era. You may have noticed that many of these songs have been marked as (Previously Unreleased Alternate Recording) Again this does not endorse or distract form being pure Hendrix. What is does is give you the feeling that you are there listening to him instead of some slick filtered version. The reason for the title of this review is no matter how much Jimi Hendrix you have collected, there is always one more album out there. I prefer the original albums but if I were to start off today this would be a pretty good introduction. So why not hit the deck running and begin with this in your collection?
B002CMLIJ6|5.0|Very good movie, special effects are excellent.  I have never seen any x-men movies before this and this was exceptional.
6305558167|5.0|Excalibur (1981) is an epic fantasy action adventure movie about the legend of King Arthur and the Knights Of The Round Table in Camelot, attempts to recover the Holy Grail, and a magic sword called Excalibur.  This movie came out in 1981 but still holds up well today.  Directed by John Boorman, this movie makes the most of its limited budget.  This movie obviously doesn't have any CGI effects, but the special effects are decent nonetheless.  This movie is portrayed in a very \\"real\\" way - dirt and grime, blood, gore, etc.  Being a sword and sorcery movie, there is a lot of violence and the battle scenes leave nothing in the bag.  They are bloody and graphic, just like they should be.  There is some nudity and some sex scenes as well.  The acting is very good.  Nigel Terry plays Arthur.  Nicol Williamson plays Merlin.  Helen Mirren plays the sorceress Morgana.  Liam Neeson makes an appearance as Gawain.  Nicholas Clay plays Lancelot.  Cherie Lunghi plays Guenevere, and Paul Geoffrey plays Perceval.<br /><br />This movie has a great epic fantasy atmosphere and imagery - magic, warfare, castles, fire, etc.  The costumes for the characters are really well done.  I especially like the armor the knights wear.  Countless horses are used throughout the movie, mostly in battle scenes.  Watching this movie again for the first time in many years made me appreciate the huge amount of effort that went into making this classic movie.  Everything is REAL with a used look to it and presented in a very real way.  The soundtrack is very good as well.<br /><br />If you like epic fantasy adventure movies along the lines of Conan The Barbarian and Lord Of The Rings and are a fan of the Dungeons & Dragons roleplaying game, then you just might enjoy this movie.  Highly recommended.
0316044695|5.0|Marcus Luttrell's book describes his journey through the Navy SEALS training program and then describes the one day that changed his life forever in Afghanistan where his fire team was ambushed by many enemy forces. In the end, one survives and lives to tell the tale. A sad but amazing book on the Navy SEALS.    A deep and personal view into what very few experience.
B0011HF6GE|5.0|This record is awesome.  Get it and you will not be disappointed.<br /><br />It is a cohesive masterwork, it must be listened from start to finish.
0786868724|5.0|It was a beautiful and heartwarming true story - I could not put the book down. Mitch Albom has done it again! If you need your faith restored then this is the book to read!
1601251505|4.0|This book is very high quality and a real deal since it combines what in D&D would constitute The Player's Handbook and The Dungeon Master's Guide into a single, nearly 600 page book at a good price.  If your play group is the sort to meet in person and not use laptops, one copy is a must-have for rules lookups and such.  The artwork and visual flavoring is well done, and other than a few typos, such as \\"emphatically\\" instead of \\"empathically\\" that weren't caught by spell check, it is of the highest caliber.<br /><br />That said, the vast majority of the actual material within is based on the d20 system reference document, and Paizo publishes almost the entire text of the book as the Pathfinder Reference Document; both are available online for free.  If your gaming group is mostly web connected during play, the book isn't really necessary at all and contains no \\"exclusive content\\" beyond artwork.  The only reasons to buy the book rather than use the websites are to support the artists and game designers, and to have a physical copy with that unmatched book feel, and that does not depend on an internet connection.
B00008LDPU|3.0|Overall not much of a companion piece except for the backstory parts which are very negative towards humans rather sophomorically so. What would have been more interesting would have been stories about the backstories of Morpheus, Trinity, Zion, the Oracle, the Architect, etc... A story about Agent Smith set between the first and second would have been interesting but no instead we get 9 random stories many of which have little to do with the main story line.<br /><br />Back when I was still keen on the world of Matrix, I couldn't wait for this to come out to fill in the gaps before Matrix Revolutions. God, I was so let down with both! Instead of 9 stories, many of them barely related to the main storyline of the Matrix movies, they should have made 3-4 longer fleshed out stories which added to the Matrix universe. These  9 short films don't give us much in the way of character development, plot, or tie in with the movie.<br /><br />Final Flight of the Osiris is a background story to a small bit of dialogue in Matrix Reloaded. Nothing too revealing here. Great animation but a lot of eye candy which seems to be the trend in animatrix - lots of eye candy and very little substance.<br /><br />Renaissance parts I&II - the rise of the machines and the beginning of the Matrix. In the beginning I really liked these because they gave us the history of the Matrix but now on the other hand it doesn't really jive with the movies' feel and storyline. Plus we lose empathy for the humans because they are shown as horrible in the two parts - was this suppose to be machine propaganda? A cautionary but predictable preachy tale for Sci-Fi which while interesting if it were for another storyline doesn't somehow gel with the overall theme.<br /><br />Kid's Story - pointless story about a pointless character. You can tell he was thrown into Reloaded just as a marketing tie.<br /><br />Detective Story - beautiful animation but pointless story that doesn't make any sense. Why did Trinity agree to meet him? why did the agents need him to track her down? This had potential but the story is too short and therefore maddeningly incomprehensible. Trinity and the detective talk as though they had more than a few lines of dialogue in a chat room and a minute before they are running from agents. Not enough happened for either of them to care about the other and the tag line at the end - \\"...a case to end all cases\\" just makes it ultimately a disappointment because it certainly wasn't as the detective never really made any revelations.<br /><br />Beyond - beautiful but pointless story about a glitch in the Matrix which creates a \\"haunted\\" house in Japan where the laws of physics don't apply. Cute but completely pointless.<br /><br />Program - I liked this one with the samurai theme. Interesting story about choosing between the harsh reality of truth and the seeming comfort of the Matrix but again it adds nothing to the overall matrix storyline.<br /><br />World Record - why was this in here? This seems like someone polishing up an old unused idea they had which they retooled to fit into the Matrix universe. It's about a self-absorbed runner running so fast he could see past the illusion of the Matrix. He wakes up briefly. the ending makes no sense because he only wanted to set a record no one could break. No deep thinker here. And too much show off anime padding like the close up of a spinning key that the runner tosses to a doorman. Did we really need that except to marvel at the animation?<br /><br />Marticulated - interesting animation but weird storyline seeming to be more interested in the animation style than the story.<br /><br />Now with everything said and done 2 lackluster sequels, a boring video game, and an online game that went kaput, the Matrix world has closed and this DVD comes off as pointless fluff. If only they had stopped at the first movie.ed him to track her down? This had potential but the story is too short and therefore maddeningly incomprehensible. Trinity and the detective talk as though they had more than a few lines of dialogue in a chat room and a minute before they are running from agents. Not enough happened for either of them to care about the other and the tag line at the end - \\"...a case to end all cases\\" just makes it ultimately a disappointment because it certainly wasn't as the detective never really made any revelations.     Beyond - beautiful but pointless story about a glitch in the Matrix which creates a \\"haunted\\" house in Japan where the laws of physics don't apply. Cute but completely pointless.    Program - I liked this one with the samurai theme. Interesting story about choosing between the harsh reality of truth and the seeming comfort of the Matrix but again it adds nothing to the overall matrix storyline.    World Record - why was this in here? This seems like someone polishing up an old unused idea they had which they retooled to fit into the Matrix universe. It's about a self-absorbed runner running so fast he could see past the illusion of the Matrix. He wakes up briefly. the ending makes no sense because he only wanted to set a record no one could break. No deep thinker here. And too much show off anime padding like the close up of a spinning key that the runner tosses to a doorman. Did we really need that except to marvel at the animation?    Marticulated - interesting animation but weird storyline seeming to be more interested in the animation style than the story.    Now with everything said and done 2 lackluster sequels, a boring video game, and an online game that went kaput, the Matrix world has closed and this DVD comes off as pointless fluff. If only they had stopped at the first movie.
B001AVCFJM|4.0|I ordered the DVD for a Christmas present on 12/6/09 and it arrived three days later.  The DVD was in excellent condition, however, the digital copy of the movie doesn't work with anything other than an I-Pod.  This was a disappointment for my boyfriend who has a Zune.
B001TLQPW6|5.0|I read the book in 2008, then recently purchased the audio CD set.  I often found myself ranting, pissed off, silently crying or struggling to explain to friends, co-workers and my wife just one small aspect of Ms. Klein's report.  Too many very smart friends of mine are not familiar with Milton Friedman and the Chicago Boys.<br /><br />Thank you, Ms. Klein, for identifying Friedman and his military- industrial- congressional high priests as cynical predators of humanity. The Shock Doctrine clearly and concisely displays the IMF, World Bank, Wall Street, Pentagon, Republican National Committee (to name a few) as the real post 9/11 \\"Axis of Evil\\" hatched in our once brilliant America. Global corporate greed and by extension it's need to bend civilization to it's financial agenda is all consuming - the poor and middle class will be buried deeper and deeper.<br /><br />In retrospect Ms. Klein predicted the market collapse of 2008. It is easy to conclude that the evolving world depression is in fact the next planned step in disaster capitalism. Or have American, European and Asian financial markets become the accidental subject of their own internalized shock therapy smash up?<br /><br />Ms. Klein shows us how the American taxpayer has been held captive by military - corporate - congressional Friedmanites.  When do we get shed the straight jacket, or when will their agenda run dry of victims?<br /><br />At times The Shock Doctrine feels more like an epic work of science fiction - a sad dark tale told by William Gibson, pinpointing the pivotal moment when the leaders of a lost planet began to eat their own.<br /><br />Now I get it. Thank you, Ms Klein.
0446691437|5.0|If you're serious about writing, or any creative endeavor, or any endeavor at all, for that matter, read this book at least five times. This is my go-to book when I need to be inspired, motivated, or reminded who I am and how to stay the course.
B00021HBGS|5.0|We got these for my 29 month old son.  He can't wait for bath tub and eagerly puts his toys in the tub.  Not are they only fun, but educational.  They are great for learning colors, counting, size order and just basic transportation vocabulary.  We have gotten a few more of these fun bath tubs from the same company.
B002KDUDG6|5.0|No problems with this purchase.  Merchandise was just as listed and it arrived on time.
0385474547|5.0|So many of the negative reviews about this book seem to go something like \\"the story didn't pick up till the end\\", which makes me think that a huge portion of people reading this miss the point entirely. The problem, I feel, is that people feel this book is about white people coming to Africa. It's not. The arrival of white men are just one event in a long line of struggles for the main character Okonkwo. This book is the story of Okonkwo. The reason this story has been compared to Greek tragedy is because like many Greek hero's, Okonkwo is a great man with a personal flaw which ends up consuming him. His hubris eventually destroys his life. The white missionaries and colonial establishment are an interesting side point, but if that's all you think the story is about, of course you're going to hate it.<br /><br />When you really get the book, it is a very good story. I wouldn't call it exceptional. It's not likely something that will stick with me for a long time, but it's insightful and smartly written. It deserves four stars, but I hold off the fifth for books that are truly exceptional, and this is not one of those. (*Changed mind- read comments)
B002MQYOFW|5.0|this book is so good! i reccomend it to people from 12-18! the plot rocks and it shows how a girl shows the capitol she is more than a mere toy. awesome
B002SJIO5E|4.0|A unique spin on a common premise, the potential of alien invaders and the reality of how humanity would really treat them is well-depicted in this film.  While there were several implausible details requiring greater than leaps of faith, the story was interesting and well done.  Definitely graphic and not for the family, but worth checking out.
B000P0J024|5.0|The company was prompt - had the item ahead of date.  Arrived in great condition.  A perfect gift for an eclectic music lover!
0143038419|1.0|I found this book disappointing and really difficult to finish. The author's self-absorbed voice was a major turn-off. Everything was about \\"me, me me\\", even though she purports to be on a spiritual journey to \\"find herself.\\" What was really laughable was the part when the author becomes \\"spiritually enlightened\\" in India. From what I know as an Indian Hindu it supposedly takes hundreds of births to achieve samadhi and the people I've seen that are even anywhere on that path are all about altruism, kindness and a simple lifestyle, not self-indulgence. This self-absorbed author claims she reached it in what, 2 weeks?  There is no express \\"microwave\\" enlightenment that can be achieved simply because you have the money and feeling of entitlement to do it. However, I give her an extra star for her writing style which is somewhat appealing.
0321543726|5.0|Bjarne Stroustrup was a guest lecturer at my intro to C++ class (ENGR 112) at Texas A&M University.  He would come in 3-4 lectures a month and teach us.  He is a very fun and interesting person to be around as well as easy to talk to.  Very humble despite the feats his invention created.    Back in 2006, he was still writing this book and using my class as a testing ground for it.  We'd have to go to the copy store every week or two to get the next chapter.  Sometimes the chapters were error free...sometimes not.  We were very vocal about grammar and compile errors using his code line-by-line.  Regardless, this is quality material.  The only reason why I'd by this book again is so that I don't have to lug around a 4\\" binder full of loose-leaf paper.      I had tried all throughout high school to learn C++.  Everything I did failed, but his material and my main professor got me going.  This book proves that if you are going to learn C++, you got to learn from its father.  I just wish there was a Kindle edition.  Big reference books aren't as easy to read as something like a Kindle.
0375714839|5.0|This book was assigned to me and I gotta say, it's one of those you don't regret reading while you have numerous jobs at hand. It truly made me love graphic novels; a must have.
B002PMV9FG|5.0|I am very happy with the dvd. It was great to watch at Christmas time.
B001AVCFK6|5.0|The video and audio quality of this blu-Ray are fantastic and the special features are great, and far more than most movies have these days.
0061914177|1.0|Having read Crush It , I can't help wondering what all the rave reviews are about? I think that the message of the book is to use social networking, to work hard at them and profit by it???  So, that being its whole useful parts, and common knowledge, whats the big deal here? Surely, I must have missed the big picture what exactly is it?? Well, if You are going to read this one at least see if You can get it at the library first, I'm glad I did.
B0012CJQY6|5.0|This is a series like real life. It brought The Wire to my mind. Before you finish first season, you'll be wishing the second in hand.
B0011FTQ4O|1.0|Don't get me wrong. I think Almost Famous is a 5 star movie. But the extended version kills the whole film! Its only a handful of added scenes that were cut from the American version, but they were cut for obvious reasons. I bought this import & within the same week I sold it for one third of the price just to get it off of my shelf! Now if this bluray offered both versions, it would be a must have. But it gives you no choice so save your money.
B001M4YZ90|5.0|In my opinion, this is the best of his films so far. While Sherlock Holmes may be his most popular and Revolver may be his favorite, IMHO this is great from start to finish. Let's hope he gets financing for the sequals he announced at the end of the film.
B0009XNUK0|3.0|Fans don't listen to a few of M J's songs and feel they have made the connection to his music.  The album The Essential Michael Jackson essentially does no justice when trying to put his entire catalog onto one album.  I can't appreciate the scope of the music of Michael Jackson like this! Earl J.
B0013527I4|5.0|For all those grown up kids.  Don't we all wish they would bring back the Muppet Show....
B0026P3G12|4.0|All in all I am enjoying this CD.  Some songs fit her voice better than others,
B000WGWQG8|5.0|This particular series blends the historical beginnings of our nation with the personalities of the individuals involved with these times.  It changes historical facts into choices made by individuals who were not perfect.  It is wonderful.
B00008976Y|5.0|This is a beautiful film with superb photography and acting, especially the brilliant performance of Juliette Binoche. The film begins with tragedy as the husband and 5 year old daughter of a young French woman are killed in a car accident. Julie (played by Binoche) is knocked unconscious and does not remember the accident or the deaths of her family members.  She is badly cut and bruised from the accident but she is overcome with grief, so much so that she attempts suicide, which she aborts.  The brilliance of the film is the depiction of a cold persona by Julie to contain the grief and to maintain her sanity in the face of such loss. Upon release from the hospital she does about the careful work of destroying all the manuscripts remaining of her husband's orchestral compositions as well as most of the remaining aspects and objects of her family life prior to the accident.  Her grief is so great and her hold on sanity so slim that she feels she must destroy every reminder of her life before. We are given an odd clue at this point in the film when a television talk-show personality invades her privacy and asks if the rumor is true that Julie composed her husband's symphonies? We now begin to get a sense of why the tragic passages of her husband's last symphony keep sounding in her head. Are they coming to her because they are her own unfinished works or are they coming to her because of her memories of her husband or are they coming to her because their tragic sound is trying to get her to release her grief?  She puts the family cook and gardener on retainer and puts the family country mansion up for sale. She moves into a top floor apartment in a Paris neighborhood where she thinks no one can find her or recognize her and in which she can disappear from the world. She does keep a ceiling lamp of blue beads from her daughter's bedroom and this item becomes somewhat of a passage as her former life catches up with her gradually, at a pace she is able to absorb. Julieperceives that her husband's friend and colleague, Olivier, has a secret desire for her and she asks him to come to her. They make love, but Julie has no intention of opening herself to pain again and she leaves Olivier. She appears to have needed a night of sexual comfort but with no intention of beginning to live again in relationship with others. This is not true of Olivier who has secretly retained some of her husband's last manuscripts and photographs from his working desk.     Julie can not disappear from life for life has a funny way of creeping back. Primarily it is through compassion for others that healing begins for Julie. This reminded me of the excellent film, All About My Mother, where it is compassion for the pain of others that eventually is the path by which our own grief begins to melt. A series of odd events begins to pull Julie back into the world, including her gentle supportive acceptance of a young prostitute; conversations with her mentally frail elderly mother; daily swims in a blue pool, and a confrontation with a mother mouse and baby mice. By telling her mother about the deaths of her child and husband, she is finally able to speak the horror she has experienced. By swimming in the pool, she can finally cry. By putting a cat into her apartment, she is able to separate her loss of her daughter from the need to get the rats out of the pantry. This film is exceptional in the careful and patient manner in which it depicts the healing process after great personal loss. In folk tales, it is often a weak character or small animal that leads the lost hero out of the wilderness. They young prostitute who lives in her apartment building plays this role. While responding to a call from help from the young prostitute neighbor, Julie sees a television show with photographs of her husband with his mistress, Sandrine. She searchers for Sandrine and finds her 9 months pregnant. Her bond with Sandrine is full of compassion at their mutual loss and she begins to think about what her husband would have wanted for his new child.     The film is beautiful at many levels. The settings and photography are superb and the acting is of the highest quality. Binoche gives a performance that is intelligent, natural, sensitive, and moving. The use of imagery, such as the blue pool in a dark gymnasium, evoked images of baptism and healing each time that Julie emerges. Water is often a symbol of the unconscious, and it is healing at an unconscious level that is also required when a great loss has occurred. The film is outstanding and highly recommended. It is one of the best depictions of the healing process around grief captured on film. The beauty of the production makes this topic soar.
1441437339|5.0|Sherlock Holmes is at his best every time you read it, and this newly-published edition is no different.  The 2009 edition is well-edited, and well-presented, and the story is timeless.  If you have read \\"Sherlock Holmes\\" in the past, it should take no convincing as to why you should read it again.  If you have never read this book, then you need to purchase this today and enjoy the amazing story that the rest of us have been enjoying for years.  This novel also makes a fantastic gift for those of our younger generations that have never had the pleasure of enjoying Sherlock Holmes in all of his glory.<br /><br />Please enjoy this book, and share it with your friends and family!<br /><br />Todd Hagopian<br />President/CEO<br />Hagopian Institute<br />Author of the popular \\"Quote Junkie\\" series, and the newly-published \\"Idiom Junkie\\" series
B000MR9D5E|5.0|The grandchildren will sit for hours and watch with complete fascination.  The photography and the information in this set are amazing.  Even adults will sit for hours and enjoy.
B0029LHW68|5.0|These days, artists who want to make it have realized that their best chance is to be unique. While that leads to many different types of music, a lot of it just comes off as trying too hard. 30 Seconds to Mars is comfortable with where they stand as people and subsequently as artists. With This Is War, they stand out as unique. But not unique because that's what they were told to be, but unique because that's actually who they are.  It's so easy to get lost in the music of this album with songs like \\"Kings and Queens\\", and overall is extremely good.
B001C08RHA|5.0|Got the \\"Iron Man\\" DVD on 6 Dec in a well packaged box with two others. It arrived but not as swiftly as I have gotten from other sources. But I have no complaints, it arrived on the due date and not damaged. The copy I got is the widescreen version, which I prefer - I have gotten some that didn't show whether it was full or widescreen format. I hate those kinds of surprises.<br />I love the movie, but then, I am a fan of this type movie; Fantastic Four, Spiderman, Iron Man, et al. I really didn't care for Robert Downey's movies before this one but I must say I really do like his rendition of Tony Stark, playboy ba-zillionaire, weapons inventor, manufacturer and now superhero. I am one of Gwyneth Paltrow's fans too. I believe she did an outstanding job in the supporting role as his secretary/confidant/almost love interest. Mr. Bridges makes a very good bad guy. I hadn't seen him as such before. He really garnered my wrath as he went about fattening his bank account at the expense of the world, as it were. Good job, Jeff. There are really 2 evil villains in this flick. The muslim fanatic and one that I never thought of until close to the end - Jeff Bridges. I really get off when the bad guys (2 of them in 2 different scenes) get their \\"come-uppance\\".  Being a retired Soldier who served from Vietnam into OIF and Afghanistan, I have no love lost for villains who deliberately destroy people and their lives to gain control over others for the villains' own benefit.<br />But, back to the movie. The photography and computer generated flying sequence with the 2 USAF fighters is really good, in my humble opinion.  And, as in some other movies, there is a short piece after the credits have rolled that left the door open for Iron Man II.  I am looking forward to it, I believe it is to be released in late spring to early summer. Anticipation.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|The BBC series is excellent in Blue-Ray.  The price was the lowest I have seen and the delivery service was excellent.
1416594787|5.0|Fascinating from cover to cover, Dawkins has a way of describing sometimes complicated subjects in a way I think anyone can relate to. Let it be known this book is not an attack on creationist views but rather a well put together argument for the overwhelming amount of evidence supporting evolution by natural selection. Dawkins makes the distinction between fact and theory beautifully in a way that anybody with common sense won't be able to argue. I think it is of utmost importance that everyone should hear the evidence no matter what your beliefs are because regardless of your beliefs the evidence is there and the sooner we can agree on this the better off we'll all be.     Excellent read, can't wait for his next book.
B000O59AFC|3.0|The sound effects and back ground music is not as clear as my 4x3 DVD version.  Both versions (DVD & BD) are recorded in Dolby 5.1 Surround Sound yet the DVD version plays a loader and clearer sound.  The video is much better but that is because of the DVD is 4x3 in 480i and BD is 16x9 in 1080p High Definition.[[ASIN:B000EGDB10 Mission Impossible (Special Collector's Edition)]]
B00005KARK|5.0|A wonderful time capsule of imagination and fantasy for young and older viewers alike. My granddaughter loves it. I wish the DVD had the case with the art work, because it only came in a clear case. Pink elephants on parade and the crows with Dumbo and the \\"magic feather\\" are priceless.
B00005LC1H|5.0|If you like to laugh, this is a must for your collection.  Can't go wrong with John Cleese.
B00005JMJG|5.0|Incredible movie!  This movie makes you think, and makes you feel.  A wonderful mix of humor and hurt.  You'll still be thinking about this weeks later.
B001JJBO74|4.0|My father, who wore Old Spice when I was a kid but doesn't own a single bottle of perfume, sat down and read through this for a full hour, just picking out the 1-star reviews for amusement... It's also fun to see what two 'professional' perfume critics think of YOUR favorites!  You'll find top sellers with bad ratings (e.g. Bright Crystal -1 star) and outstanding ratings (e.g., Cool Water - 5-stars).  There's a surprise on every page. If you have a teenager interested in perfume or science, a book like this could be a nice gift - it gives some real-world context to chemistry.    I read \\"The Emperor of Scent\\", and it started my own perfume obsession.  After reading \\"The Secret of Scent\\", and several perfume-themed blogs, I wanted to start a perfume collection.  Of all the guides, when I saw Luca Turin co-authored this one, I chose it because I knew it would be informative.  What I didn't expect is how laugh-out-loud funny many reviews would be!  The authors smell each perfume (mens and womens fragrances are both technically perfumes) on a paper strip, and also on skin - several times - to provide a very thorough evaluation. The best thing about this book is that it gives just enough history and background to interest even the most casual reader, that will also help you figure out what you like about the perfumes you wear and help you find more to try. And I love that you find Old Spice, Vanilla Fields, Stetson, and other \\"dime-store\\" fragrances as well as historic 'greats' and 'artisan' scents... nothing is ignored.    [NOTE: There is a new edition in paperback. If you're new to perfume, or just curious, buy this. If you like it, please seek out the new edition - with another 400 perfumes, and a new format and indices, it makes the jump to 5-stars. There is also a website, where a dedicated reader created a spreadsheet and indexed all the perfumes and ratings.]
B000EWD1KK|4.0|I love this movie.  It is incredibly funny.  Danny Kaye at his best.
B000ZECQ08|4.0|it was one of the best movies I've seen all year! A little sad at the end but that's okay.
B0025X4P24|5.0|Buy a lot of CD's but rarely write a reivew...good or bad.  Am a fan of Vanessa's (not her last CD) and this one has been in my CD player since I purchaseed it.  Each time I listen it gets better and I find myself hitting the repeat button on October Sky and Just Friends and not skipping any of the others.  Voice matches the music and orchestration.  Not promoted by her new record company but one of her best CD's.
B002H3F7F6|5.0|This compilation is a blessing-a quintissential piece of Winter. The sequence of tunes warms the heart but holds the chill of all the darkness and trepidation of this time of year. Sting has clearly had voice training because he is singing like I have never known he could (or would)-the album has Classical, Jazz, Folk and he is learned and stylish on all idioms. The surprise is, that I have never been a Sting fan-once his music came to me by way of a private client, years ago. But I liked one of the old English carols from this album ('Lo How a Rose' while sipping tea in Starbucks and decided to try a listen to the album-the cover appealed to me so much. Wow.. What an unexpected treat. This is surely a work of art. I bought 12 of them for the holidays, for my musician-critic friends. All reports are good-my colleagues appreciate the unusual interpretations and vast repertoire. My personal favorite is \\"Lullaby for an Anxious Child\\" where Sting wrote the lyrics. It has, I found, been recorded on one of his other albums, but this is a new recording, and FAR superior to the original.
0451191153|5.0|Love the book
0784011710|3.0|I read a few reviews saying this was one of the best Holocaust movies ever, maybe even better than Schindler's List so I went for it and bought it to show in school when I taught the Holocaust...there were only about 30-40 minutes in the whole movie worth showing my class.  The bonus features were decent.  The movie itself is good but if you're looking for an excellent Holocaust movie you might want to keep looking or stick to the classics.
0439023483|5.0|This story hit me deep inside. 24 children, one massive arena, one survivor allowed. All for the entertainment of a vast, partying crowd in the post-apocalyptic Capital. Some of the contestants are there because their names were drawn. Some are there because they trained for this moment their whole lives and leaped at the chance to volunteer. Katniss Everdeen is there because she took Primrose, her little sister's, place. Katniss has always been a survivor. Ever since her father died and her mother fell into depression, Katniss has been making illegal hunting/scavenging expeditions into the woods. Now she's promised Primrose she will win the Games. But the real question Katniss has to face is this: is survival worth losing herself, letting the Capital make a monster of her? Does her love for Prim justify closing her heart to everyone else? What about the little girl who's so much like Prim? What about the boy from her own district who helped her when she was starving? Does she have any choice? She can't save them all; the gamemakers have ways of forcing action. And aren't all the others trying kill her too? Cameras are hidden everywhere. The world is watching.     The whole story is beautifully written. The people have wonderful depth of character. The action is both believable and fantastic. But what struck me the most, perhaps, was the portrayal of the masses in the Capital. What is Katniss supposed to think of these frivolous, shallow people who live in opulence while her people starve, who have space-age technology while she hunts with a home-made bow, who can take her to their hearts, scream out her name, weep for her troubles, and then sit down cheerfully to watch her die? What are we, the readers, supposed to think of them?
B002C6K7NU|5.0|God and Guns does not disappoint. The cautious skeptism I had at purchase was quickly carried away by melody and message of this masterpiece in which the sum of the CD is greater than any individual track, as magnificent as some may be. Springtime fresh properly punctuated by autumnal scents of nostalgia, comfort and edginess creatively combined. Music for the masculine but girls like it too! A must buy.
0316017922|5.0|My best friend recommended this book to me. I found it to be a great book. The information presented will really make you think about the process of success. There is a process to it. Gladwell is telling the \\"in-between time\\" story of sucess that is often overlooked. I highly recommend this book for educators.
142313494X|5.0|I would like to start by thanking Rick Riordan for such a wonderful series of books that can be enjoyed by the young and young-at-heart alike, and for showing my son what we've tried to teach him since he was a toddler - that books are fun and can take you on wonderful adventures.  You see, my husband and I have tried for years to share our love of reading to our son, but have often met with resistance.  It wasn't until he received the first 2 Percy Jackson books as gifts on his b-day last year that he has shown any true passion for reading.  And, boy, what a year it has been.  He has since devoured every single Percy Jackson book (including the \\"Demigod Files\\") and has read and re-read them many times over.  And his love for these books has spilled over to an interest in mythology as a whole. My curiosity was piqued and - after growing up loving the stories of Greek Mythology (Edith Hamilton's book and Ray Harryhausen's old movies were favorites) - it didn't take long before I started reading the books myself.    I don't often read books from the \\"independent reader/young adult\\" section in bookstores (with the exception of the \\"Harry Potter\\" series) but I do know a good book when I see one.  What Rick Riordan has done was bring the classic stories and characters of Greek Mythology and put them in a modern setting, and created compelling young heroes/heroines at the center of the story.  In this fantasy series, Zeus and the Olympians are still very much around, and they have set Mount Olympus high atop in the clouds (on the 600th floor of the Empire State Building to be precise) in New York City.  Gods/goddesses, monsters and mythological creatures live among mortals (who are surrounded by \\"The Mist\\" which keeps them oblivious to what these beings truly are). The children of the Olympian gods/goddesses and mortals are called \\"demigods\\" (half-mortal, half-god).  These demigods possess special powers and skills (derived from their immortal parent), but are a magnet tomonsters so they must either risk their lives in the \\"real\\"  world or seek refuge in a safe haven called Camp Half-Blood.      After living in the \\"real\\" world and never quite fitting in, Percy Jackson discovers that he is a demigod and, guided by his friend Grover Underwood, is taken to Camp Half-Blood to escape from the monsters that seek him out. Percy quickly makes friends and enemies upon his arrival to Camp Half-Blood and finds out his immortal parent, but his safety is short-lived.  Aided and mentored by Chiron the centaur, Percy is sent on a quest to seek and retrieve Zeus' master lightning bolt in order to prevent a catastrophic war between the \\"Big Three\\" Olympian gods - the brothers Zeus, Poseidon and Hades.  Zeus thinks Percy stole the lightning bolt on behalf of Poseidon.  Percy must seek out Hades, who may know the whereabouts of the bolt and has his mother Sally. With his friends Grover and Annabeth Chase (daughter of Athena), the threesome go on an adventure from New York to Los Angeles (where the entrance to the Underworld is located), meeting all manner of monsters, gods and trouble along the way.  What they find is not quite what they expected, as betrayal and deception is afoot and many challenges stand in their path.    \\"The Lightning Thief\\" is a satisfying fantasy/adventure story and an excellent introduction to the world of Percy Jackson and Camp Half-Blood.  Rick Riordan adeptly blends fantasy, reality and mythology in this fast paced and action-packed tale.  Fans of Greek Mythology (myself included) will delight at how masterfully he merges our modern world with that of classical mythology and brings to life characters like Medusa, the Furies, Charon, Cerberus, the minotaur and the 12 Olympian gods (all with distinct personalities - some we'll meet in this book, while others we'll get to know better in later stories).   Riordan also stays faithful to his source material and there are references to other Greek heroes and mythological tales in this and the other stories.    Like other great storytellers, he takes us to a magical world and introduces us to some wonderful, memorable characters.  Percy and his friends are relatively normal preteens/teenagers who just happen to have very cool powers and big challenges to surmount, and are surrounded by interesting creatures and beings. What makes this stand out from other young adult fiction is how fresh, clever and witty the writing is.   My son and I were both swept away in the world of Percy and his friends and found this book and the entire series thoroughly engrossing and enjoyable. What I love best about this series is how Riordan makes the most of his source material - that is, the great stories and characters in Greek Mythology.  What my son loves best is that it is \\"funny\\" and has \\"a great story.\\" In each book, we are introduced to new characters - demigods, mortals, gods/goddesses, titans, mythological creatures and monsters - and new adventures (i.e. Quests) that build on each other until we reach the mighty conclusion which is \\"The Last Olympian.\\"  From the opening pages, to the clever chapter titles, up until the last sentence in each book - Rick Riordan never lets us forget that reading is fun.
B00005N6KG|5.0|I've had many variations of this type of earphones....going back to the sony walkmans.  The other earbud types hurt my ear after a few hours, these are the most comfortable and the sound is great.  I've had no reliability issues.  I purchased these for my kids to use b/c they are comfortable for smaller ears, they can't wear the earbud types as they fall out, and the traditional headphones tend to be bulky and difficult to fit over smaller heads, so I feel these are ideal for kids.    Unfortunately my kids lose them everyonce in a while, luckily they are cheap to replace.
B0014U4X3U|5.0|Jane Austen. Her name is practically synonymous with classic, understated romance, as well as comedies of manners with a subtle, sly sense of humor.<br /><br />And the Penguin Classics Deluxe edition of Austen's \\"The Complete Novels\\" brings together the full complement of Austen's finished novels, from the little-known \\"Lady Susan\\" to the classic bestseller \\"Pride and Prejudice\\" (and everything in between). This collection is flled with lovably flawed heroines, beautiful formal prose, and some rather unconventional love stories.<br /><br />\\"Pride and Prejudice\\" become a problem when Elizabeth Bennett takes a dislike to the handsome, aloof Mr. Darcy -- and her prejudice against him builds after he sabotages her sister's love match, and the charming Wickham drops some shocking claims about Darcy's nastiness. But the facts are very different -- and when scandal hits the Bennett family, Darcy may be their only hope. And \\"Sense and Sensibility\\" clash when the two very different Dashwood sisters, smart Elinor and romantic Marianne, both fall in love -- one with a man she can't have, and the other with a guy who may be horribly unsuitable.<br /><br />Anne Elliott has a problem with \\"Persuasion,\\" since she was once engaged to the impoverished sailor Frederick Wentworth, but was persuaded to break it off. Now he's returned from war as a wealthy hero... and Anne still loves him. \\"Mansfield Park\\" is the backdrop for shy Fanny's life with her rich relatives, who usually treat her as a servant -- except for her kindly cousin, Edmund. But when the flirtatious, fashionable Crawfords arrive in the neighborhood, it unbalances the lives of everyone at Mansfield Park.<br /><br />And \\"Northanger Abbey\\" is a fitting location for Austen's spoof on gothic romances, in which the hyperimaginative Catherine Moreland is taken under the wing of the Tilney family, and especially handsome Henry -- and learns a lesson about the difference between fantasy and reality. \\"Emma\\" is a frothy romantic comedy about a rich, somewhat spoiled young lady who tries to arrange the lives of people around her so that everyone is happy. The problem is, life isn't that simple -- and neither is love. And as an addition to Austen's main body of work, this edition includes the novella \\"Lady Susan,\\" who is sort of the evil sociopathic twin of Emma -- a brilliant and manipulative widow who seduces, plots and schemes. Yummy stuff.<br /><br />The omnibus collection displays the range and depth of Austen's writing skill beautifully; though each story is very unique they're laced together by common themes. Except for \\"Lady Susan,\\" each story is a love story, tempered with some clever commentary on the society of Austen's day (example: entailment, which plays a part in several plots), and a biting, sharp-edged wit (the mockery of the toadying Mr. Collins and the obnoxious Elliott family).<br /><br />And despite the formal stuffiness of the time, Austen painted her stories vividly -- there's a bit of roughness in \\"Lady Susan\\" and \\"Persuasion,\\" but nothing too dramatic. Each one has powerful emotions and vivid splashes of prose (\\"The wind roared round the house, and the rain beat against the windows\\"), as well as deliciously witty dialogue (\\"I could easily forgive his pride, if he had not mortified mine\\"). But she also weaves in some intensely romantic moments as well (\\"Dare not say that man forgets sooner than woman, that his love has an earlier death. I have loved none but you\\").<br /><br />Austen also had an interesting range of heroines -- quiet ones, melodramatic ones, intelligent ones, naive ones, and mildly spoiled ones who think they know best. But each one has a major character flaw that must be overcome before she can find true love and happiness And she has an equally fascinating range of love interests: the quiet shy Colonel Brandon, the sexy and clever Henry Tilney, the blunt Mr. Knightley, the generous and honest Edmund, and especially the smart, sexy Mr. Darcy (who has aflaw of his own to overcome alongside Lizzie).<br /><br />Jane Austen's \\"Complete Novels\\" draws together all her finished novels, and let readers explore the mannered society and obstacle-filled love lives of her heroines.flaw of his own to overcome alongside Lizzie).<br /><br />Jane Austen's \\"Complete Novels\\" draws together all her finished novels, and let readers explore the mannered society and obstacle-filled love lives of her heroines.
B001FB4VZS|5.0|With the departure of Michael Rosenbaum, Kristin Kreuk, AL Gough, and Miles Millar, Smallville was facing some of its greatest challenges yet. Despite the departures, Season 8 delivers big time. Growing up, I was always a huge fan of Smallville, but the show was not as respected by outside circles who criticized it for formulaic writing and acting. Season 8 in my mind made Smallville a more respected show in all circles. Previous seasons had some inconsistent filler episodes in between some fabulous premieres and finales, but this season had its most consistent episodes yet. What makes this season a step up from the previous seasons is the light and playful romance between lois and clark, which stood in stark contrast to the childish drama of clark and lana of previous seasons. Clark has FINALLY stepped up his game and has begun his duties as a hero by becoming the Blur. (lame name right?)  Seeing CLark acting in a mature and heroic fashion was very rewarding. All the characters this season are given more depth as well, especially Lois. When Lois was introduced into the show in season 4 it seemed more of a publicity stunt to get more ratings instead of a good plot device. Lois has finally stepped up this season. While maintaining her sassy, bossy herself, Lois displays a more vulnerable side which has given her character more depth. We learn why Lois becomes attached to her career and why she develops a strong infatuation with the Blur. The unraveling of CHloe and Jimmy's relationship was a great plot arc as well as it showed the dark side of Chloe coming to the surface. In the middle of the season, Lana returns and closure is finally brought between Clark and Lana in a heartbreaking manner due to a teaming of an excellently portrayed Toyman and a vengeful Lex Luthor from the shadows.  Another challenge, the writers had was introducing the comic book character DOomsday with a limited budget. By following the formula of \\"showing less is more\\" the Doomsday monster becomes a frightenting and intimidating threat. THe writers also developed Doomsdays human side in a efficient manner and in typical SMallville fashion, they show the character's downfall to circumstances.     Although, the season is one of the best, it still has it flaws. The budget was limited this season and it is apparent in the sets which feel kinda cheap. Also, the final clash between Doomsday and Clark was underwhelming in comparison to its comic book and cartoon counterparts due to the limited budget. Also, a major character was written off in a cheap manner that screamed of bad contract negotiations that resulted in great backlash from the fans. Despite a faulty finale it set itself up for a great season 9.
0375847227|4.0|I got the three volume paperback set in a simple slipcase with The Golden Compass, The Subtle Knife and The Amber Spyglass.  After you have read the books, you will see just how silly the critics are regarding Pullman's so-called attack against religion.  This three volume set explores the adventures of Lyra and Will as she attempts to thwart her uncle, Lord Asrael's vision of a world without a Heaven.  But not the heaven as we know it, but of a heaven that is run by a bad guy.  But I digress.<br /><br />Briefly:<br /><br />**<br />The Golden Compass introduces us to Lyra, the girl who is a bit of a brat, who lives in a pampered existence with her uncle.  She overhears rumors of Dust and an experiment in the Arctic.  Soon, her playmates start disappearing!  Mrs. Coulter takes Lyra under her wing, but she is much more than she seems.  The book is much better than the movie, Golden Compass, so don't confuse the two!<br /><br />**<br />The Subtle Knife:  Great characterization in Lyra, the little girl lost, who meets a boy and a gang in a very unlikely dimensional hole in search of her uncle and discovering more about Dust and what it has to do with life.<br /><br />The Subtle Knife is an instrument that can cut between dimensions.  However, there has been a lot of \\"cutting\\" in the last century or two and this is having a destabilizing influence on the worlds affected.<br /><br />I like Lyra in these stories.  Phillip Pullman has been criticized for his apparent anti-Church themes, but I'm inclined to believe that those who accuse him of that have not read the book and are only reading the criticisms.<br /><br />Pullman paints a dark Church in a dimension similar to ours, that's true.  They are attempting to suppress the knowledge of other dimensions and those who can survive without daemons (animal familiars).  Mrs. Coulter, unlike the first book, Golden Compass, plays a bit of a last minute heroine.<br /><br />Overall, entertaining, moves at a good pace.<br /><br />**<br />The Amber Spyglass:  Will and Lyra continue their journey into the unknown.  This book was fun because we have a spyglass that can spot Dust, we have the return of the Bear clan with kind Byrnison and we have Lyra's uncle on a quest to conquer God with his minions of angels and other armies.<br /><br />At the risk of a spoiler, Lyra discovers a place where ghosts dwell, where a purgatory of sorts is, the draining of the spirit.  And she finds love and that she's older and wiser because of it.<br /><br />The subplots and the complexity of the story is what makes it fun.<br /><br />**Check it out!he unknown.  This book was fun because we have a spyglass that can spot Dust, we have the return of the Bear clan with kind Byrnison and we have Lyra's uncle on a quest to conquer God with his minions of angels and other armies.      At the risk of a spoiler, Lyra discovers a place where ghosts dwell, where a purgatory of sorts is, the draining of the spirit.  And she finds love and that she's older and wiser because of it.      The subplots and the complexity of the story is what makes it fun.      **Check it out!
0385504225|3.0|I thought it was ok.  He packed a lot of info on noetic science and free masonry into it so I did learn quite a few things.  I just find Langdon obnoxious and arrogant sometimes.  Brown also makes him WAY too smart.  He figures things out in seconds and its like, come on, he's not google.  The drowning scene?  Nobody drowning is going to focus on figuring out a puzzle.
B002SJIO5E|5.0|i think this is a very thought provoking movie how ever the blood and gore will not appeal to every one. i think however that the director does an excellent job with the story and is somthing unique yet it has a realistic feel to it. definately worth having in your collection
B00005JOFQ|2.0|and this is very not believable. On top of what other 2 star reviewers said about the lack of believability in the attraction between the characters (small talk talk talk--SEX IN THE TENT).      ok, so it might have been different in 1963, but there are no southern accents in cowboys in Montana.  my parents live in Wyoming.  I haven't seen much different there.    guys that wear cowboy hats CHEW, they don't smoke, you cultural realists.  EVERY 'cowboy' in college had Skoal marks or holes in their jeans.      Gyllenhall, while a likable guy, acts like a city guy acting like a cowboy.  REAL guys that grow up ranching have way too much of a sense of responsibility to knock around camp or goof off like he does.  the way he holds a cigarette even looks like he's in a nyc bar ;)    Ledger, who did an AMAZING job in Dark Knight, looks like he studied all possible Tommy Lee Jones roles for his sole inspiration.  ha.      i dated a sheep herder from a small town in montana.  he had more small town friendliness and earnestness than bruce springsteen could muster.  zero tommy lee jones ;)    even the lead wrangler boss guy seemed like a slick from a nyc bad guy movie.      they all looked like studies in acting class, but no realism from the west, bless my soul ;)    sorry boys!
0307266303|3.0|interesting read, but made too many jumps of science and logic when it comes to running. ie running is the cure of of all mankind's woes.  a whole section devoted to the evolutionary development of man as running specie and if we could get into touch with our evolutionary development that in some magical way we would heal all the problems of mankind.  when you start with this assumption it's just too rambling and runs into trouble with science and logic when these are unproven ideas.  yet, there are interesting ideas in the book, that includes running barefeet and the development of the high tech running shoes that have caused many of our foot problems today.  this i agree was a revelation in thought about running.  decent read if you enjoy running or working out, but if you're not it will be a bore.
B000O75F7C|5.0|Before i review this album, i want to give it context by saying I have never written a review for anything in my life.  This album has motivated me to write a review to perhaps do my part in sharing the brilliance that is Porcupine Tree.      Im a huge Opeth fan and Steven Wilson was heavily involved in Blackwater Park which is one of my favourite albums, so when Mikael Åkerfeldt (Opeth vocalist) personally recommended this as one of his favourite albums i had to check it out.    I can still remember listening to this album for the first time, and the impact it had upon me.  Fear of a Blank Plant (FOABP) is a concept album.  The lyrics are structured around the way society and particularly teenagers relate to technology.  There is the overall conceptual statement that society is becoming disconnected and rendered emotionally void through our fascination with technology, whilst it provides escapism from life it ultimately contributes to social alienation.    The music flows beautifully from each track to the next and perhaps musically the album is anchored by the breathtaking track Anesthetize.  This track is a stunning demonstration of the progressive nature of Porcupine Tree's musical ability and ambitions.  The track takes the listener on a 17 minute journey through the three of the songs sections and reminds me of Pink Floyd.      Perhaps my favourite track on the album though is My Ashes.  This track is pure melancholy and beautifully combines electronics, guitar, keyboards and Wilsons haunting vocals.    I wont break down each song, as they are all part of the journey that this album intends the listener to take.  Dont take my word for it, listen and then listen again.  Approach this album with an open mind and repeated plays will reward the listener with stunningly lush land landscapes that one cannot find in conventional bands.
B00197YZ7M|5.0|Product arrived in excellent condition and on time....... the Movie itself is one of my Favs...... good job :-)
0440242576|5.0|this is a delightful book! It is funny, believable, and probably what we all, at one time or another, wished we could do! This book is worth reading and re-reading--and makes a great gift.
0141035285|4.0|This book is about first impressions and when they are accurate and when they are not. It is mostly examples and stories (many of which I enjoyed reading). Overall, I thought it was interesting, but a little slow paced for me. I would recommend it.
B002RSDW80|3.0|While I did enjoy this film, I felt that Julia Child's story was slighted.  Her memoir in the book, \\"My Life in France\\" is far more fascinating and substantive and should have been made into its own film. I think that Meryl Streep does an excellent job as Julia and Stanley Tucci is perfect as Paul Child.     It felt like Julia Child was being used to \\"prop up\\" the weaker story of Julie Powell.  While the story of Julie Powell and her blog is cute and enjoyable, after she completes all of Julia's 540+ recipes, her story has nothing much left to say.  By contrast, Julia Child's message is timeless and will continue to delight and inspire.  In a competition for screen time, we are allowed to only skim the surface of Julia Child in this film- and her story is the one we should care about.
0385504225|2.0|This book felt forced, and rather predictable.  Some of the associations it made required a good leap of faith.
B001KVZ6G6|5.0|I bought this along with Monsters, Inc in a special two pack. Up is possibly the best movie Pixar has made. It has everything, great story and great emotion.    The USPS lost my initial order, but amazon rectified it PDQ via UPS and it turned out great!
B00005JLPK|5.0|This is surely as perfect a celebration of the artisit as is imaginable. It is really so rich, so well acted, so perfect in scope and detail that one feels replenished by the experience, as harrowing as it surely was for the artist herself. Come to think of it, there are few female artists of her stature so it is doubly remarable to be treated to a film about a great artist, a woman, and in the end a richly artistic culture. This film celebrates Mexico, which has as distinct an artistic heritage as any in the world.
0399230033|5.0|My daughter loves this book.  She has it with her at all times... we've only had it a few months and I will need to buy a replacement soon.  She loves all the pictures and needs to read it a few times before bed and at least 10 times during the day.  The illustrations and story are priceless! This is a must have for all toddlers.
B002GJT4Y6|5.0|Harry Potter and the chamber of secrets is by far the best in the series.This box set is by far the best in entertaiment i've seen in a ultimate packaging.I recommend anyone from around the world to buy this movies if you are an harry potter fan.With 4 discs enclosed in this box set, not only you get to see Harry potter and the chamber of secrets but you also see the extended version of it as well.Plus there are hours of bonus features of behind the scenes and deleted scenes.Also there is a collectable book inside the box with photos from every harry potter movies  and collectable cards as well.
1568987846|5.0|This was a gift for a friend, and it was just what I hoped. The pictures are beautiful, relaxing to page through, and a wonderful view into the connection of two friends across the country. A very simple collection of photographs artfully done and makes a great \\"thinking of you\\" gift or coffee table display book. Photos are very calming and nicely done. I highly recommend it!
B000PC6A3E|3.0|I'm not going to bother reviewing the actual story, as I'm sure most of you who are interested in buying this have scene it in the theater or on DVD or cable. It's a great movie. Nuff said.    What I would like to discuss is the picture quality of the Blu-Ray version. I was very disappointed that Warner Bros didn't take more time giving customers the best transfer possible. They originally released this on HD-DVD which needed to be compressed more than a blu-ray disc due to HD-DVD having smaller storage space. I hoped that they would create a whole new transfer for the larger capacity blu-ray, but they used the same exact old hd-dvd transfer. It's still in 1080p so it looks great compared to a DVD or the over-compressed HD broadcasts on cable, but it's definitely not one of the better blu-rays in terms of picture quality. most people won't notice as the image is clear, but not super crystal clear like other blu-rays, such as \\"The Dark Knight\\". Since the \\"Dark Knight\\" became such a box office hit, maybe Warner Bros will revisit \\"Batman Begins\\" and give it a better transfer. But, as of this review, Amazon is listing the blu-ray at 9.99 so the cheap price might make up for the picture quality issues.    Other reviews don't seem to be bothered by this so maybe I'm just picky. At least you are now informed.
B0028RXXE8|5.0|Hands down, the best historical drama ever produced. It is a shame that the series was so short-lived.
B002VPE1AM|5.0|Wow!  I saw the movie in 3D and highly recommend it.  the theater was fuul so we had to sit in the front rwo (the place I HATE sitting in movies), but nonetheless this film had me riveted from stard to finish.  THis movie was a well made cross between the story of John Smith (the guy who lived with the native Americans and was torn between the woman he fell in love with, his new kinship with these people he started thinking of as savages and become like one of them and his own people who were there simply to take everyhting form the native people) and a Sci Fi short story entitled \\"Call me Joe\\".  The 3D version of Avatar pulls you in and makes you part of the movie.  The visual effects are completely stunning and the story powerful.    You may hear people whine that the movie has a preachy message.  Well, it does, but ask youself this, as a species, how many times have we went in and taken from another race?  Then shut up because you know, given the chance EVERY TIME we as a species will take what is not ours, murder, rape and kill (hello, remember the people that lived here in the US before we Euros got here?).  But of course we always justify it, or pretend it never happened.  So, the message is simple truth.      That all aside, the movie was just plain fantastic.  I'm glad I saw it at the theater, glad I saw it in 3d and may even go see it again.
B002YVAT72|5.0|I bought this on a close out sale. Price was good so I took a chance. I had been thinking bout converting my vinyl to digital for years. Bought several things over the years and never followed through because they were too complicated. This turntable is super easy to use. It connects to my stereo with regular RCA connectors. (No need for a special phono input.) The sound was amazingly good for an inexpensive setup and 30 year old records.    The importing software (EZ Audio Converter) is easy and transfers the music automatically into iTunes. The editing software (Audacity) is going to need a some practice. Overall I am really happy with this.
0805087184|5.0|I ordered this book thinking it was a regular size book but it so big thst it is hard to hold up. I need a regular size book. There was nothing wrong with the book it is just to big.<br />Please Help
0385504225|3.0|Not a big surprise here - if you enjoyed The Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons, you'll probably enjoy The Lost Symbol, although Brown's formulaic approach will likely tire on you by the third in the series.  I'd rate Da Vinci Code about a 4-star work, and Angels and Demons 3-star (like most I read TDVC before A&D, so part of it's appeal was that Brown's writing was new to me at that time).<br /><br />Pros: Like the first two in the series, Brown feeds out information one bit at a time, with each answer leading to more questions.  This leads to a very suspenseful, entertaining read.  Also like the first two, it's packed with puzzles that do appeal somewhat to my nerdy side.<br /><br />Cons: Repetitive, formulaic writing style grows old in this 3rd (and hopefully last) installment in the series.  Writing quality is about that of a B average high school student - I can't figure out for the life of me why Brown's editors can't help him with this.  The biggest con is the subpar character development - Langdon isn't exactly the most exciting hero in the fiction world, and the supporting cast wasn't much better.  The Villian is a forgettable hodgepodge of bad-guy cliches.  While the writing is suspenseful, I don't know if The Lost Symbol is more predictable than the last two installments or if I've just become accustomed to Brown, but I found many of the \\"surprise!\\" moments in TLS to be more than a little predictable.<br /><br />Overall - it's an entertaining read, but not great fiction by any stretch.  If you enjoyed the first two, you might as well pick up a copy of TLS, just don't expect to be blown away.  Bring it along on a long flight or something - it's more the type of forgettable entertainment best suited for a beach or airplane read.
0930289234|5.0|This was such a fantastic read! I don't normally read comic books (or \\"graphic novels\\", whatever you want to call them), but I couldn't put it down. I'm not sure what else I can add that hasn't already been said a hundred times, but this book is definitely worth owning to examine it multiple times.<br /><br />Also worth noting I read the book first, then saw the movie which I HATED. I actually had to walk out because I felt sick from all of the violence. The book is a very different experience that is gritty and engaging without being exploitative. If you really didn't like the movie, this book is still worth a try.
031606792X|2.0|Breaking Dawn, the final installment of Stephenie Meyer's overnight phenomena The Twilight Series, has followed in the very successful footsteps of the three novels before it. It has been on best sellers lists for 65 weeks now, with no signs of going anywhere anytime soon...But let's face it; Stephenie Meyer could write about Bella Swan and Edward Cullen on the moon and it would become a best seller in minutes. Unlike most best sellers, Breaking Dawn's  enormous success is not indicative of the quality of the story nor it's writing.  This three part, 768 page novel, follows the protagonists and star crossed lovers, Edward and Bella through the conclusion of their troublesome vampire/ human relationship.  Breaking Dawn features a wedding, a baby, a conflict between close friends,  a new point of view, a new romance, a life changing transformation, over 15 new characters and the return of an enemy. In this concluding novel, Stephenie Meyer takes her unconventional love story a few steps too far and Breaking Dawn has simply too much bite for one novel. (pun intended).        The story begins days before young Bella's wedding to immortal vampire Edward Cullen, told from Bella's point of view. The two get married at the Cullen home and the beautiful reception is followed by their abrupt departure to an uncharted island for their honeymoon. It is there that Edward and Bella have sex multiple times, much too Edward's dismay and reluctance. Their physical relationship is a bizarre stretch, considering both Meyer's typical audience of young teenagers and the abstinence she has been preaching in the three other novels. But nothing is more bizarre than Bella's eventual pregnancy with Edward's baby.          Part II is told from Bella's best friend and werewolf, Jacob Black's point of view. Jacob's witty tone and dark humor enhance the novel in ways that Bella's narration could not. Jacob's point of view offers a different perspective for the first time in any of Meyer's novels. This along with the fact that there is only so many times one can read how \\"dazzling\\" Edward is, make Part II more appealing to read. Jacob focuses on Bella's pregnancy with Edward's \\"demon baby\\" which drinks blood in utero and breaks Bella's ribs from the inside. Eventually, The baby is born via C-section, which is the mild way of saying Edward rips open Bella's uterus with his teeth in a horrifically graphic scene that once again strays away from Meyer's tween audience. Finally, in the most bizarre turn of events, Jacob creepily falls in love with the newborn baby, Renessme, and Jacob Black is lonely no more.               In Part III, Bella joins Edward in immortality and discovers the joys of  motherhood and her new vampire abilities. Meyer devotes 250 pages to the explanation of vampire powers and the introduction of over 15 new vampires, a section that easily could have been eliminated without affecting the ending. The Cullens  basically disappear after page 150 and the addition of so many new characters only adds to their increasing insignificance.      Finally, the last problem of the many in this book is The Volturi, the elite of the vampire world and enemies of the Cullens, who threaten to kill the entire Cullen clan. Meyer pumps the reader up for a final showdown battle between good and evil throughout Part III, and when the Volturi finally arrive at the end of the book, no such battle ever happens.     So Bella gets everything she wants including Edward, a baby, immortality and sex? Check. Jacob finds a soul mate even though she's an infant? Check. The Volturi are defeated without actually engaging in battle, in what could be the biggest let down in potential battle scenes ever? Check.  It seems like everyone got exactly what he/she wanted and everyone lives happily ever after.    Meyer foolishly changes the format of her novels in Breaking Dawn in order to facilitate this happy ending. Breaking Dawn featured none of the themes that made theother three book so enjoyable for her fans. There was no werewolf vampire rivalry, no love triangle between Edward, Jacob and Bella, and no sense of Edward's protection of Bella. What Meyer did not realize is that the anticlimactic ending and new format made Breaking Dawn cliché, boring and disappointing to her fans everywhere.   -ER
B0030CIAQQ|5.0|A good soundtrack not only accompanies a movie, but goes so far as to elevate it as well.  Sherlock Holmes features precisely one such soundtrack.  Composed by film score veteran Hans Zimmer, whose work is consistently good but tends to sound rather the same to me, this soundtrack offers up something unique and fascinating.
B000WAGVHE|5.0|Had to buy. Every time this came on HBO I found myself getting sucked in, tapping my feet, and singing along
B0026P3G12|5.0|Wow, i got this for a Christmas present (bought on Amazon)and knew I would love it based on previews, but was blown away when I actually took the time to listen to each one of the tracks. Each is great in its own way. I kept thinking Josh Grobban for some reason: I think because I see him, and now Susan, on this higher spiritual plane with voices that resonate something that must truly be from somewhere else... Seriously, she brings out something special in every song she sings, subtle nuances,sometimes just in the way she enunciates a single word, such as the way she says \\"girl\\" in \\"Who I was born to be\\".(very subtle) She surprised me with how soulful she is in all of the songs, and frankly the dimensions she brings to the songs.. I dont know, i guess I thought she would only do really great job on a certain genre of songs. In my opinion, she can sing anything with feeling and reinvent with that magical voice and range she has...She is totally in the moment in every song. I am totally in awe...
B000MRAAJM|4.0|Am still going through all the discs in this offering and enjoying it immensely. The only rough point is the narrator's voice which at times is too soft to be understood clearly. You can always go back and repeat the segment to understand the words at higher volume, but don't hit the STOP button or you must start from the beginning of the disc again and search for your scene. This is one quirk of the present generation of Blu-ray players I don't appreciate. Avoid it by using the PAUSE button only, or using rewind or forward as needed to review segments of the program.
B0026P3G12|5.0|As soon as the album arrived and i had a chance to play it, I fell in love with it. I immediately orderd copies to give to my friends and we all agreed how much we love it. In fact every morning I play the tape and do my exercise listening to to the whole CD. It's simply the best
1427208476|5.0|I don't have time to read as much as I'd like, but I do have a ninety minute round trip daily commute.  Listening to audio books is a way to make those ninety minutes fly by, particularly when listening to a story as rich as Sarah's Key.  The synopsis was actually horrifying to me, but the premise of it had me thoroughly hooked.  The story that followed did not disappoint.
B002KDUDG6|5.0|Michael Buble sings again freely, openly and on the loose. You can feel it the he knows what he's doing. It's a music sung by an experienced singer who gives all his talent to those who are listening to him. Most songs are powerful and unconfined, ought to listened to more loudly than you usually do.
0805091742|5.0|In \\"The Checklist Manifesto,\\" surgeon and Harvard professor Atul Gawande explains why practitioners working in highly sophisticated fields such as medicine, finance, aviation, government, and construction, should put systems in place to reduce errors, promote teamwork, and improve overall performance.  No one can know everything; instead, the model now is specialization and division of labor.<br /><br />These days, experts are expected to communicate and work together smoothly and interdependently. There has been such an explosion of information that we must cope with \\"making sure we apply the knowledge we have consistently and correctly.\\" In addition, employees in complex occupations routinely deal with \\"the shock of the unexpected,\\" when unforeseen events can lead to disastrous consequences.  If we do not carefully monitor our own actions and those of our colleagues, avoidable calamities can and will occur:  Patients will die, buildings will collapse, planes will crash, and financial institutions will fail.  How can we prevent these disasters from occurring unnecessarily?<br /><br />Dr. Gawande suggests that experience and training are not enough.  Medicine \\"has become the art of managing extreme complexity--and a test of whether such complexity, can in fact, be humanly mastered.\\"  Infections are so common in hospitals that they are considered almost routine.  How can we keep patients safe when errors are so common?  The author suggests that one possible solution comes from aviation.  Pilots use checklists; this tool has proven invaluable in reducing human error.  After all, no one has a infallible memory and we are all subject to moments of distraction.  If doctors and nurses were to use carefully constructed checklists to make sure that every crucial aspect of patient care is monitored, would there be fewer missteps?  Could a checklist work in operating rooms?  What about in third world countries, where supplies are limited, staff is poorly trained, and conditions are primitive?<br /><br />Gawande explores his collaboration with the World Health Organization to reduce surgical mortality rates in such far-flung places as New Zealand, the Philippines, India, Jordan, and Tanzania. He also provides examples from aviation and finance that show how properly used checklists not only help to avoid inaccurate thinking, but also encourage colleagues to work well together and catch one another's mistakes before they cause irreparable harm.  The idea of a checklist may seem primitive, but it is merely a way to focus the human brain on the minutiae that we often forget to take into consideration.  Checklists instill discipline and \\"remind us of the minimum necessary steps and make them explicit.\\"  Preparation, the proper supplies, and knowledgeable personnel who know how to coordinate their efforts can make all the difference in success or failure.<br /><br />\\"The Checklist Manifesto\\" is  lucidly written and filled with pertinent anecdotes as well as convincing arguments that are borne out by detailed studies and statistics.  There is an old saying:  \\"Make haste slowly.\\"  Sometimes, taking a few minutes to double check the multitude of routine tasks necessary to do something right can save not only time, but also countless lives.ve?    Gawande explores his collaboration with the World Health Organization to reduce surgical mortality rates in such far-flung places as New Zealand, the Philippines, India, Jordan, and Tanzania. He also provides examples from aviation and finance that show how properly used checklists not only help to avoid inaccurate thinking, but also encourage colleagues to work well together and catch one another's mistakes before they cause irreparable harm.  The idea of a checklist may seem primitive, but it is merely a way to focus the human brain on the minutiae that we often forget to take into consideration.  Checklists instill discipline and \\"remind us of the minimum necessary steps and make them explicit.\\"  Preparation, the proper supplies, and knowledgeable personnel who know how to coordinate their efforts can make all the difference in success or failure.     \\"The Checklist Manifesto\\" is  lucidly written and filled with pertinent anecdotes as well as convincing arguments that are borne out by detailed studies and statistics.  There is an old saying:  \\"Make haste slowly.\\"  Sometimes, taking a few minutes to double check the multitude of routine tasks necessary to do something right can save not only time, but also countless lives.
B002HNA95E|5.0|I Love Listening To Madonna's Celebration 2 CD Remastered. Her music, Voice and sounds makes me feel like she is singing to me. I Love to make Love listening to her Music.
B001AVCFK6|5.0|It's always nice when you get a movie that gives you action to keep you on the end of your seat, but this one has a plot that keeps you guessing where they are going with the outcome.  I found this a really refreshing adventure with lots of emotion.  I would suggest this movie to anyone, it breaks all the boundries, it has its moments of comedy, plenty of action, a love story of a sort and for the scifi fans you can't get more scifi then deep space action.
B000002I57|1.0|Jazz will never sound as it should when mastered on a digital format. Analog vinyl LP's or magnetic tape (as a distant second) is the best way to go. You will NEVER know what you are missing out on without a decent turntable and tube amplifier. Try listening to this, Miles Davis' \\"Kind of Blue\\" or Kenny Drew's \\"Undercurrent\\" mp3 album and then find someone who owns it on vinyl and listen... you will never buy another cd or mp3 again and you may want a refund for all those mp3's you bought. Digital jazz is garbage and should only be used while jogging or when not really paying attention to the music (i.e. mowing your lawn).
B000003N7F|5.0|Unbelieveable... Play this Lp in an enclosed room at full volume (as far as you can go) on a decent turntable set up with a tube amp. You will never experience music like this again. Coltrane repotedly wrote this album after seeing or having a vision of God and dedicated this lp to Him. Play the Lp 100 times and you will notice something different each and every time.
B0026RHR6K|5.0|Well, if you are looking for the more-than-complete series, this is it!  It has Razor, the movie, it has unaired episodes, even a few deleted scenes.  There is also running commentary if you are into that.    Each season has its own side of the cube, the cylon's head comes off (no kidding!).  When you open the head you can access the disks, each has a sleeve.  I have not completed watching it yet, so I can't tell you more at this time, but the only problem I have had is, it is very, very difficult to get the disks back into the cheesy cardboard sleeves.    They could have left out the flashy packaging and foregone the stupid doll and given us real DVD cases (if it was a money saving thing).  For such an expensive item I would have gladly paid the extra, what $10?, to get decent cases.
B0000088DC|5.0|ONE OF THE GREATEST ALBUMS OF ALL TIME!!! YOU NEED TO HEAR IT ON VINYL!!! IT'S LIKE HEARING IT FOR THE FIRST TIME AGAIN!!!
B000F1IQNM|5.0|I like this movie because no matter how many time I see it it makes me laugh. Nanny McPhee's transformation in to Emma Thompson is amazing and Colin Firth as the widowed father and his seven children are wonderful.
B001DUKHXQ|5.0|Beware, there are suckers born every minute like those who blew $3,000 on a copy of \\"Thriller\\" on Ebay after Michael Jackson died. There is one currently listed there for $2,000,000 (with an additional $4 for shipping). How could buyers think, or better yet, how could sellers say something that has close to 50 million copies worldwide is \\"RARE\\"?
B0000CEB4V|5.0|An amazing beautifully done DVD ranging from sitar to watching George Harrison's son up on stage with some of the greatest performers in the world,e.g.,  Tom Petty, Clpaton and it goes on, as they all honor the music of George Harrison.  it have me singing and dancing around the house with tears running down my face.
B001KVZ6FW|5.0|Great movie.  Finally a movie that appreciates the innocence of kids & puts a beautiful perspective on the value of life and loving.
B0026P3G12|5.0|I have really enjoyed this album and I think Susan has created a masterful work. Her voice is clear and powerful and her renditions of these classics is sometimes better than the original artists. My only complaint is that she did not sing all the verses to I Dreamed A Dream that are in the play. She also only sings the refrain on How Great Thou Art. What a shame. I also hope the next album contains some original material.
B002SJIO4A|4.0|Neill Blomkamp's District 9 was one of the most unique science fiction films that I've seen in quite a while. Produced by Peter Jackson the film ponders the question what if aliens arrived on earth and could be segregated from the rest of the human population.    Blomkamp says in his commentary that he simply wanted to place American science fiction in Johannesburg and he does so quite well. He also tells a powerful story about what it means to be an outsider in one's own country. The aliens have been on Earth for twenty years and they have been segregated into a slum on the outskirts of Johannesburg called District 9. The government wants to reclaim the District and move the aliens to a relocation camp. To do this they employ MNU a sort of private army organization/corporation. The story follows the actions of one of the corporate bureaucrats Wikus Van De Merwe (Sharlto Copley) as he attempts to evict the aliens from there homes only to be infected by a liquid that turns him into an alien.    Much will be said about the well done integration of the CGI aliens into the film but there is a human and moral story that goes beyond the action. The film was based on Blomkamp's short Alive In Joburg which I would be very interested in seeing were it to become available. The single standard efinition DVD that I viewed contained a very good transfer of the film, an excelent commentary by Blomkamp, a large number of deleted scenes and a three part making of documentary.    This is one of those films that you may not have seen on its initial release but is well worth checking out on DVD.
B001KMB6X2|4.0|My son wanted the movie for Xmas.  We watched it and it was very good in my opinion.
B002XGRSBI|4.0|This CD/DVD package contains what were originally great performances by Paul McCartney and his band, but unfortunately it's totally marred by the MASSIVE use of Auto-Tune or some similar device on Paul's voice, which at some points sounds truly robotic. Anyone saying there's no Auto-Tune or voice tinkering on this recording has no ears. Listen to \\"Blackbird\\", \\"Hey Jude\\", \\"I've Got A Feeling\\"... almost any song. It would have been so much better to leave Paul's voice as it is, and who cares if there are a few times where he doesn't reach the right note, at least it's real, it's live !  BTW, most live albums are at least a bit re-recorded or corrected in the studio, this is nothing new, but the problem is, here it sounds like it's been done totally amateurishly !  The mixing is also quite strange, with Paul's voice to the fore and guitars and background vocals really way, way back.   On the CD ,all the stage talk has been cut, I'm not sure there's a single \\"thank you\\" from McCartney between songs, not even count-ins. It was probably a good idea to edit things a bit, but it's really gone too far.  The whole thing sounds very sanitized, and not natural or live at all.     EDIT : just watched the DVD, it's much more enjoyable, the sound mix is much better. OK, one more star for this. But you don't need to listen to the CDs, go straight to the DVD !
0812550706|3.0|This is not really science fiction and it's a mystery how it won the Hugo award. Card himself says that he doesn't know much about science so he's written a story about a bunch of jocks preparing for a 3D football game. If that's interesting then I suppose that this book is O.K.
B0013FSL0C|5.0|I live in the country and don't have access to cable programing.  Through the magic of DVD's I have been watching different cable shows.  How do you compare these shows?  That is actually impossible.  They can vary so much, but the quality in writing is so superior to network television.  I've watched westerns, cop shows, doctor shows, shows about dieing.  Comparing them to each other is sort of like comparing steak to pizza.  In Treatment is a wonderful example of what good writing is all about.  I thought \\"the wire\\" had an amazing story line that followed through 5 years.  I started to watch this show and found it slow to start with.  It was so different, but I gave it some time and by week 7 I had changed my mind.  This show would be so much harder to write for, because of the limited cast and the limited set.  This show makes you sit, sometimes squirm, and read peoples faces as well as listen to the words come out of their mouths.  It makes you think.  You get to think about your life and how your childhood has formed you into the person you are.  This show probably can't answer your own questions, or change your life, but it will work your brain.  If you want to think as you watch the screen, give it a chance.  It doesn't stimulate you like action shows do, but it is one fantastic show.  Give it a chance to work on your mind and your heart.  It's well worth it.
0451529065|5.0|Darwin wrote that , \\"When the views entertained in this volume on the origin of species, or when analogous views are generally admitted, we can dimly foresee that there will be a considerable revolution in natural history\\".    With the advantages of hindsight we can see that this was an understatement. The book has had an enormous impact , probably appearing in the indexes of more recent academic publications than any other 19th century text.    To answer the question of why, the reason is no doubt the same as when it was first published in 1859. His discovery combines simplicity with great explanatory power in an area of critical interest, namely the natural world and our place in it.    In contrast to the texts of today there are no formulas and only one diagram. The chapters have quick summaries and the whole thing has an easy flowing discursive style that is very accessible despite being a distillate of a large amount of widely differing knowledge.    He starts by looking at selection under domestication (i.e. not in nature) of animals, with special reference to the pigeon, showing how desired characteristics can be chosen by the breeder. In this respect after a discussion about pigeons and pigeon breeding in general, he can quote the skilled breeder Sir John Sebright as saying that, \\"he would produce any given feather in three years, but it would take him six years to obtain a head or a beak\\".    He goes on to extend the idea of selection to the natural state where nature takes the place of the breeder in selecting which variants breed successfully and which do not. The controller is not now the breeder with the feather or beak that he wants but rather the environment itself. Nature allows certain birds to reproduce that have the optimum colouring to avoid predators or attract mates or a beak type that best fits the most common functions. The idea is developed in the chapters entitled Struggle for Existence and Natural Selection . As he puts it: \\"In the case ofevery species, many different checks, acting at different periods of life, and during different seasons or years, probably come into play; some one check or some few being generally the most potent, but all concurring in determining the average number or even the existence of the species\\".    There are many examples with studies of special cases such as isolation, intercrossing, convergence and divergence of characteristics, and the competition between individuals and varieties of the same species. He clearly states that the environment is the guide : \\"...the structure of every organic being is related, in the most essential yet often hidden manner, to that of all other organic beings, with which it comes into competition for food or residence, or from which it has to escape, or on which it preys\\".    He speculates on the characteristics of variation without knowing of Mendels identification of particles (genes from each parent that could be dominant or recessive). Mendel only published in 1866 with his work not being rediscovered until 1900 so Darwin leaves this as somewhat of a grey area. He observes variation and catalogues it stating that it changes in small increments over time and is subject to selection pressure.    He is the first critic of his own work, highlighting for example the patchiness of the geological record :\\"Why does not every collection of fossil remains afford plain evidence of the gradation and mutation of forms of life?\\" In the event these problems are being tackled a century later reinforcing his insight of any organ or instinct arriving at it's present state through many graduated steps.    The high scientific reputation and social position of Darwin (needed to launch his ideas successfully) is covered in an excellent new biography by Janet Browne entitled \\"Voyaging\\".
B002QH2NUA|5.0|McCartney never fails to please.  We have watched the DVD over and over and it is the one CD everyone will listen to in the car.
B000GQLCXC|5.0|Before reading this book I naively thought that language changed with new technical words and borrowings from foreign languages.  Quite wrong. Deutscher shows that it has been undergoing fast evolution in its basic elements from the earliest times, and he traces the changes using written texts from 5000 year old Sumerian cuneiform to the present day.  Evolution involves destruction and differential survival with the constant creation of new words. He shows convincingly how people have always looked for the easiest (most lazy) way to speak, giving a language of ever shorter words. Fortunately language is saved by a counterbalancing \\"word inflation\\" involving the stringing together of separate words to give more emphasis. He gives a good example of the erosion / inflation process with the French for \\"today\\": LATIN... hoc die > hodie > hui > OLD FRENCH... au jour d'hui MODERN FRENCH... aujourd'hui > aujour d'aujourd'hui.  It's also interesting that traditional and newer expressions co-exist (compete?) until one or the other fades out, eg. \\"I haven't got anything\\" vs \\"I haven't got nothing\\" or the way a simple idea like the \\"s\\" for plural in English eg. duck - ducks, can overwhelm earlier variants.  The book isn't an easy read but it's changed the way I look at language.
B000035P5E|3.0|Eye of the Needle, 1981 film    The film begins in wartime Great Britain after the Fall of France. Troops are boarding trains (to Finland?). A young RAF pilot is getting married. Henry Favor works at the train station, his landlady has a surprise. Four years pass. That married couple lives in a cottage on tiny Storm Island. They have problems. \\"The Needle\\" sends and receives messages to Berlin. His assignment is to check the strength of Patton's army in East Anglia. Favor leaves no witnesses when he escapes. Sergeant Billy Parkin is called to identify \\"Henry Favor\\", \\"the Needle\\". Favor discovers the decoys! He escapes detection again, the passes a message to a neutral diplomat. MI5 grabs the diplomat, the \\"Needle\\" escapes at a train station. The plan is to let Billy identify Favor, but Favor hears the voice and escapes again.    Favor's portrait is in the newspaper so people can identify him. Favor steals a small boat to sail away to contact the U-boat. The seas are rough, the boat strikes a rock, and Favor escapes again. [Believable?] Favor lands at the home of the couple we met at the beginning of this story. Lucy the mother bathes her child. David raises sheep. They are isolated on Storm Island. [Coffee and gasoline were rationed.] \\"Is it that obvious?\\" Lucy is lonely. Favor says he is a writer. David found that can of film and suspects Favor. Another problem solved. Was Favor delayed by Lucy? Later Lucy finds David by the shore, he won't talk. She knows Favor lied about David! She drives away to escape Favor in the pouring rain. She finds Tom, but he can't help her. Lucy knows how to handle a firearm, or an axe! The police tell her to destroy the radio. There is dramatic tension when Lucy prevents the radio from working! Will Favor escape in a small boat? Will help arrive at the island in time?    The efficient British Secret Service caught all the German spies sent to England in WW 2. The defeat of Germany meant their remaining secret archives were read. The \\"Ultra Secret\\" played a big part in this. This story is an entertaining fantasy. But it does show how the right to keep and bear arms existed in war-time Britain (until 1946).
0891419195|5.0|An honest and very well written memoir from an enlisted marine who fought on the first lines in the WWII Pacific island battles of Peleliu and Okinawa.<br />John Master's memoir, \\"The Road Past Mandalay\\" covers the Burma war against the Japanese from the British side (and is a great book), but Sledge's \\"With The Old Breed\\" is better, since he was at much greater personal risk and describes the psychological effects of this long exposure. It's the best personal military account that I've read.
0805091742|4.0|About: Gawande sets out to create a checklist for surgeons to use that would cut down on surgical errors.  He draws on piloting an airplane, building construction and cooking as fascinating examples of where checklists are used with great success.    Pros: Quick, very interesting, well written.    Cons: Cites sources by page number, I would've preferred in-text cites.
B002MW50KO|1.0|Bob, give it up! You should have gone out while on top. Please, please, please, let us remember you for who you were. This garbage is worse than listening to the Chipmunks. Write music, but please do not release any more music. PLEASE!
0385504225|5.0|A great follow up to Davinci Code, the Robert Langdon series is easily the most entertaining action mysteries around.  Would definitely recommend, easy read which captures your imagination from page one.
B001OQCV60|5.0|Just saw this one in the theater and from an entertainment perspective, I thought it was excellent!  The show was about 1 ½ hours and it was full of verbal banter, action, fight scenes, comedy, stunts, destruction, and \\"almost-met-your-maker\\" scenes.  There was also a slow motion explosion scene.<br /><br />Robert Downey Jr (Holmes) and Jude Law (Watson) are fine actors and they had a wonderful screen-charisma together.  They came off like two best friends who would do anything for each other but would also not hesitate to give each other a hard time.  Early on in the picture, you even see Watson poke Holmes in the nose.  The guys lived together and shared a dog.  Not sure of breed, but it looked like a footstool.  Maybe an English Bulldog?  Holmes was great at deductive reasoning and they showed you his visions of how he saw something in his mind as he was looking at clues.  Watson was a doctor, so he looked at things from a medical perspective.<br /><br />The basic plot centered on Lord Blackwood and a secret magical society.  Blackwood was into black magic and was convicted of sorcery (or something like that) and of killing five ladies.  Before Blackwood was hung, he told Holmes that 3 more would die and that Blackwood was part of a larger scheme of things.<br /><br />After Blackwood's death, the locals started reporting they had seen him walking around.  Because Blackwood was into the black arts, people started getting scared.  The movie is about using black magic to create fear.  With fear comes the potential to have power over people.<br /><br />I found the movie thoroughly enjoyable and fast moving.  It was also entertaining without blood and guts and shock value.  In other words, when you saw somebody die, they did not get disgusting about it.  I don't remember any foul language either.
B002QGUFWE|5.0|This album is a great value as every track she lays down is catchy and fun.  Getting her first release and the new 8 songs at $14 is a great deal, if your a fan of Lady Gaga or upbeat retro pop, you would definitely enjoy this CD.
B000QCS9NM|5.0|It's hard to describe just how maniacal, cynical yet hilarious and surprising this book is. Be prepared to be shocked, intrigued, surprised and ultimately incredibly surprised when it's all over. It's a fairly quick read and definitely one of Palahniuk's best; not one to miss!
0307408833|1.0|The recipes in this book do not taste like the baked goods that are sold in the BabyCakes NYC store (i eat there often; i live in the neighborhood). I followed the vanilla frosting recipe precisely and spent a ton of money on the ingredients and am feeling a bit disappointed because it tastes so different from what they are selling in the shop. I hoped to get some help from the blog on the BabyCakes website, but the only tips offered were to call the shop, or to watch the horribly condescending video. The only sense I can make of this is that I guess it is common practice for bakers not to give out secret recipes. Next time I will not be so naive!!!!
B000JQU1VS|4.0|I originally downloaded this collection of short stories in preparation for the Sherlock Holmes major motion picture that was coming out in 2009. As someone who had never read any of Sherlock Holmes' tales, this was a perfect introduction into the kind of stories Sir Arthur Conan Doyle penned for the legendary Holmes and Dr. Watson.    The Kindle formatting could have used a little work; a currency sign that was apparently being used in the public domain version the Kindle version was \\"ported\\" from and instead of a currency sign being shown, miscellaneous characters were. But, all in all, a slight blip and nothing truly enjoyment-breaking.
B002UZCJ8Y|3.0|I didn't have a problem with the movie; though it's something I would expect more from Lionsgate versus Touchstone. It's sci-fi, has a little bit of action, somewhat thought provoking, Matrix meets iRobot, and has a less than memorable script. The character development isn't important enough to really harp on the acting and the story is somewhat predictable. It's a middle-of-the-road movie. If you enjoy low budget Lionsgate B movies, you'll like this Touchstone movie.
B002R0F3Q2|2.0|Alicia Keys is a very good talent and I've enjoyed her earlier works.  None of them are my favorites, but if Alicia does one thing well, it is pick songs that have decent lyrics.  Emprie State of Mind is no exception.  But something has gone terribly wrong here.  I've watched Alica perform Empire State of Mind on Letterman and SNL and listen to the song several times on the radio.  I've not listened to the whole album but have listened to all the previews on Amazon.  Since this particular song seems destined to Top 40 status and being pushed hard by her, I must say, what gives?    Again, I think the lyrics of Empire State of Mind are great.  With that, and perhaps the fact that almost any song that idolizes New York City will come out of the gate with a chance at being popular, this song is hot.  What is not so hot is how it is all put together.  The cast of Glee could have done more justice to this song for three specific reasons.    1.  The intonation is awful.  Alicia get a producer who can let you know when you are flat, or at least ask for your money back.  When I heard Empire State of Mind on Letterman first, I though that the group might be having an off night and gave them credit for doing a tough song live on TV. Then SNL was the same.  Then listening to the recording a little closer, I'm not sure it ever was performed live.  Evey time I hear it, the same awful intonation is there.  It sounds like a first take and not a finished product.    2.  Interpretation is bad.  Let's just do a number that is supposed to be uplifting and do it too slow and at one volume - LOUD.  Alicia can belt it out but from the start of a song to the end?  Why?  The song, in my view, would have been better with a little better pace and a little more dynamic contrast.  You can speed up and slow down a little too.  Turn off the click track and feel the music.  As is, the song is mind numbing at best.  It seems that way with all the songs on this album.  Any stylistic interpretation has been left by the road while my speakers are carpet-bombed with a stead volume wall of sound at one volume and at one speed.  I need Tylenol.    3.  Production value.  My God could a little less reverb be used?  At times you could put any singers voice in place of Alicia's because the reverb hides any sense of who's really singing this song.  Everything is processed now-a-days but when an album get so heavily processed it might as well come free with a can of spam, you got to wonder what the producer is doing.  Get that money back Alica!    Hopefully her next effort will be better.    ---------------------------  **Update 10/16/2010**  Interestingly Jay Z's rap version of this song, that I believe uses Alicia to sing is soooooo much better.  This version is in tune and is stylistically done much better.  I say this as someone who is no really big fan of rap.  But this shows that Alicia can do this song well.  Find new handlers Alicia, surround yourself with the best in the biz.  Visit Quincy Jones if you must or others who know what they are doing.  Then re-record your best songs the way they should be done.
0446691437|4.0|A short book, an easy read, which touches on many concepts without getting into deep analysis.<br /><br />The author's theory is that practicing an \\"art\\" requires overcoming the hurdle of \\"resistance\\" each and every day.  It doesn't get easier, every day one faces resistance to creating.  \\"Art\\" is defined as a traditional art like writing or painting, or non-traditional like running a business or being an entrepreneur.  The first 1/3 of the book explains what the author means by \\"resistance\\", and what forms it takes:  Fear, procrastination, allowing oneself to be distracted, etc.<br /><br />I found this view -- that creating requires continually overcoming a hurdle -- especially interesting in that many recent \\"self-help\\" books tell the reader to \\"do what feels good\\", \\"follow your feelings\\", etc. In _The War of Art_, the author is clear that practicing your art will not \\"feel good\\" (at first), it will not be the path of least resistance.<br /><br />Next, the author introduces his concept of the \\"professional\\" vs. the \\"amateur\\", and \\"professionalism\\" in practicing one's art.  The \\"professional\\" practices his art on a regular schedule, focused on doing his best at each moment regardless of the result.  The \\"amateur\\" practices his art only when he feels like it, only when it is fun, and so never reaches the level of \\"failures\\" needed to \\"succeed\\".  The terms \\"professional\\" and \\"amateur\\" are unfortunate as these are emotionally-loaded words, but the concept is sound.<br /><br />In the final third of the book, the author enters the realm of what many would consider religion, talking of \\"angels\\", \\"god\\", \\"Muses\\" and other mystical concepts, but the sense is that the author is not arguing for his personal beliefs but rather offering a range of concepts and belief-systems which humans have used for artistic inspiration and to feel connected to the Universe, so that the reader can choose whatever works for him- or herself.
B000FA5TTW|4.0|I'd rate the first half of this book five stars.  As the book progressed, the new ideas/perspective dwindled, and it became a predictable three-star read.  I averaged the two for a four star rating--which is generous.
B002LVUG3C|4.0|This album sounds as confounding today as it must have back in 1969, a wildly incongruous mix of Dylanesque folk, Beatlesque psychedelia, Velvet Underground-style noise drones, arty orchestral pop of the \\"MacArthur Park\\" variety, and a highly dense lyrical approach. It's all terribly weird and ambitious and utterly at odds with everything else going on around it, and, in light of its creator's subsequent career, that's as it should be. The album surely had a stealthy influence on a number of minor but nevertheless important artists over the years, such as Helium's Mary Timony, who crafted a highly personal, mythic and medievalist lyrical symbology onto a rock landscape, or Bid from The Monochrome Set, whose Scarlett's Well project is the twee cousin of this, Bowie's first proper album. The Bowie record opens on an astounding high -- the epic \\"Space Oddity\\", which still sounds fresh today -- and closes on another one -- the hypnotic and transcendent Sun Machine chant. In between, producer Tony Visconti laid it on thick, with strummed guitars, horn sections, harmonicas and other noises off, all sounding very freshly recorded on this new remaster. Space Oddity remains a very strange trip but one very well worth taking.
B0026P3G12|5.0|I listen to this CD everyday. It's great to just play while at work or while you are busy around the house. Her voice is amazing!
B000JQUKKU|5.0|Well doesn't Kindle give you the BEST stories for free??!!??  This is one of my favorite movies at Christmas and now I've read the book.  This is a great book. Hard to understand unless you've seen the movie as the proper language of the time is different, but if you have seen the movie you know what's going on.  Thanks Kindle and Amazon for the free offer. With all the free books the Kindle will pay for itself.
B001BVRNPW|5.0|Christmas time is just a busy time for everyone, Amazon helps alot with my shopping. You have great prices and a wide variety of products. My cousin was very excited to get the Movie for Christmas.
1932100660|5.0|This book helps explain the amazing disparity in some of the charts comparing the world's other big countries (all with universal health care) to the U.S. in terms of money spent per individual and quality and longevity of life.  The U.S. ranks first--and by a simply huge margin--in dollars spent, averaging nearly $8,000 per person--but no higher than #34 in terms of the health and life expectancy of its citizens.  But most readers will find the book of interest--perhaps vitally so--as it relates to their own personal experience.  The \\"China Study\\" is quite close to the findings and recommendations of Dean Ornish and Caldwell Esselstyn (who is mentioned prominently), but it provides details and explanations that are absent or easily missed in the other studies.  Esselstyn, for example, summarizes the most basic findings of \\"The China Study\\" but then devotes the rest of his book to recipes.  He keeps coming back to the \\"magic\\" number--150 as a maximum, or optimal, cholesterol count--and gives recipes for achieving it.  For readers who require more clarification, explanation and proof, \\"The China Study\\" should be read as a complement to Caldwell's book, which tends to focus on HDL, LDL levels and fats but says little about triglycerides and blood sugar (they're mentioned or, perhaps, \\"assumed,\\" whereas \\"China Study\\" goes to greater lengths in connecting the dots for the seriously curious reader).<br /><br />Consequently, I'd recommend reading \\"The China Study,\\" whether as a preliminary or corollary to Esselstyn's study.  Also, if it seems reasonable to you that emotional-mental-spiritual factors (i.e. \\"stress\\") are a factor in heart disease, by all means go beyond \\"China Study\\" and its \\"off-spring.\\"  Ornish, for example, maintains that isolation, or the perception of being isolated from self, neighbor, God (\\"alienation,\\" it's called in literature-philosophy courses) is a major contributor to heart disease and its outcome.
B002BSHWUU|5.0|My Dad loves the beatles and for Christmas we got him this set. We listened to not even half of it and the music and art is unbelieveable! My Dad loves this set and so did everyone else! Perfect gift and I can definitely see us ordering one for us in the near future!
0060254920|5.0|This is one the the greatest children's picture books ever written. What a sweet little story with wonderful illustrations. A must have to read to your little ones, especially little boys.
B00271SWEQ|5.0|I really enjoyed this book. It is both educational, inspiring, motivating, and gut wrenching.  It shows us all what our fine military personnel are willing to do for their country, but it also truthfully depicts how they are manipulated by the enemy due to the U.S. Rules of Engagement and a poor gov't system.  Marcus is a true  American Hero in my eyes.  Enjoy..
1579128149|5.0|This book was gifted to us and it is perfect for my pre-teen who has been asking lots of questions about the periodic table. Just what we were looking for!    We fanned the pages as suggested to see the states of matter displayed in patterns across the periodic table. Fun! (I wish the actual temperatures were listed).     We have spent several evenings reading this book out loud before bed - but not only is it NOT soporific, it usually has us in stitches with laughter! In tears, sometimes! The author's tongue-in-cheek humor is so refreshing for potentially dry content.    After seeing a very close-up photo of each element, and reading a bit about what makes each and every element special, you feel like intimate friends with them. Finally. Us visual learners have been waiting for years for a book like this!    Every high school chemistry class should have a copy of this book!
0345444051|3.0|Decent read, I like RAMA much much better. This book starts out really well, but, then loses it's direction and mystery just a bit.
1847879071|5.0|I purchased this text based on other reviews and am very happy with how well the subject of statistics is covered in this text. I was having trouble understanding the SPSS program and as a doctoral psychology student, this is a subject I must master. Andy Field's text is easy-to-understand and thoroughly covers the subject. He uses humor, color, and anecdotes in his text to help struggling students understand a difficult subject. I especially appreciate the repetitive nature of his teaching. He presents the topic from several directions, which insures everyone will be able to understand the material. I know I will return to this text often in the next few years.
B0000AQS0F|4.0|I saw the movie, \\"Serenity\\" very good story.  The actors have great chemistry, So after seeing a few shows on HULU. I bought the whole series. I think they had a great future with this title. With all the TV on today i did not know about this until 4 years later.
B001HNE3NO|4.0|easy to read, flows well, smoothly. made me think more about the holocaust, deeper. i understand more now.
B001DJ7PQ4|5.0|The fourth season of the no-longer-so-new Doctor Who is the same emotional rollercoaster of glee and heartbreak as the previous seasons; a ride that thrills and elates and makes tragedy worthwhile. After starting on a slightly weaker note with the flimsiest of the Christmas specials, Voyage of the Damned, season four picks up by reuniting the Tenth Doctor with Donna Noble, former runaway bride.    Although Donna's alternately insecure and brassy personality makes her initially less likable than the departed Martha Jones, Captain Jack and Rose Tyler, watching the character change over the season is one of the best story arcs the new Doctor Who has yet presented. Catherine Tate is superb at making Donna believable in all shades of her transformation from lowly temp to \\"the most important woman in the universe\\". With David Tennant's continually flawless Tenth Doctor, season four offers some of the best written, most memorable episodes, including the mystery-laden \\"Silence in the Library\\", \\"The Unicorn and the Wasp\\" a fantasic historical vignette in which the Doctor and Donna meet Agatha Christie, and the brilliant alternate reality of \\"Turn Left\\".    And the ending, as always, is a star-spangled punch to the gut with moments of uplifting delight and crashing lows. Earth faces its greatest threat yet, and the Doctor confronts bitter truths about himself and his impact on the humans he meets. Reuniting all of the Doctor's companions in an epic battle that alters the Doctor's path forever, the finale of season four is the kind of rare, riveting television that you enjoy every minute of and hate to see end.
0786939532|5.0|The birth of Drizzt Do'Urden, a unique drow amongst his race, begins to mark his legacy in this first story specifically designed to make you laugh, sympathize, cheer-on, respect, and/or make your eyes bulge out in disbelief at many scenes of the book. The constant battles between the Houses of Menzoberranzan and the way this drow society takes it's political advances within the city... is great way to set up this sci-fi/fantasy world.    The Do'Urden family, like any of the drow families is built under Matriarchal values and the females demand respect through their deity known as Lolth, the Spider Queen. Enstilling the faith and culture in young drow is systematically done so that each dark elf is lethally trained in weapon or magical arts to kill at a moments notice, their only kin, for ambitious desires.    This story may be a bit PG-13 for the reader of the 21st century, but for late 20th century page-turner... it is a captivating story built epically around a character both as noble as he is naive.  He proves his difference amongst his race and shares familiar feelings about the world around him amongst his toughest foe; his father. But where will the legacy of death and killings end? It stops with Drizzt. Find out why and how in this first book of R.A.Salvatore's 13 book series. The Legend of Drizzt: Homeland.
B001U887WY|5.0|I like crocs, and these are no exception - they are exactly what I hoped for.  I use them as slippers mostly,but am able to walk outside with them with no socks in cold weather as well.
B000FA5TTW|3.0|I felt this book was a fair read, though it could definitely have used a nice dash of excitment. I also found the ending a little disapointing. This is the the type fo book that only appeals to some, but otherwise a generally good read.
B0026P3G12|5.0|My congratulations to Susan Boyle.  She has proven that she not only has a beautiful voice, but also can sing a variety of songs - from light opera to the blues with a wonderful depth of feeling.  I wish her all the success in the world.
B002VPE1AM|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this movie!  I was not really interested in it at first, I kept hearing how great the graphics were so I decided to give it a chance! I had also never been to a 3-d movie so this was a first for me!  Boy was I glad that this was my first 3-d experience! The story was fantastic even my six yr. old sat through the whole 2 1/2 hours glued to the screen! I recommend that if you have an imagination and heart to go see this movie. If you don't well you're really missing out on a great film with a director that has surpassed all others!
B002WCLG3O|1.0|I remember when I first got XBOX in 2001 and played Halo and it has no English subtitles and I got real mad and so does rest of my deaf buddies.  I returned the game and my deaf friend returned whole thing the system and the game.  He got Playstation instead.  I stay with Xbox for long time then Halo 2 came then it only have half way english subtitles!!!  Arggh!!  I got real mad at Microsoft. So I fed up and sold my Xbox and then 360 came and I was hoping Halo 3 would be good enough but it turn out sucks!  I fed up and sold Xbox 360 and I have Playstaion 3 and I love it every since. Sony games have subtitles which is good thing for me and my deaf buddies.  This movie \\"Halo Legends\\" does not have english subtitles... nothing new with Microsoft. Bill Gates is really an .......
B0012GMXYM|2.0|This aint Santana at all.  There might be fans of this phase of Santana, but I am not one of them.  Santana to me is Latin rock, not this fluff.  Glad I only paid $4.99 for it.
B000ADWDF2|1.0|This was sent to me in Dutch, not English!  Made in Mexico.  A major rip off.
0143116177|1.0|The book is entertaining and easy to read. The professor knows a great deal about his subject, but he has chosen to try to convince you that everything the government has done in the financial arena was right and proper. I am reminded of Janet Napolitano telling us \\"the system worked\\" in the case of the latest radical Muslim airplane bomber.    Ever since Nixon took us off the gold standard, freeing government to spend as much as it liked, the value of the dollar has been declining and the profits made by outfits like Goldman Sachs have been soaring. Congress has made so many promises it cannot keep without horrendous inflation that it is difficult to imagine any other outcome. The professor is trying to tell us it was all normal and that we should just \\"relax and enjoy it\\".  For my part, I think he and the majority of current and past Congressional representatives should be stood against a wall and shot. The professor, like the pretty boy who sweet talks Lady Liberty into the car is just as guilty as the thugs that beat and rape her.
0385737947|5.0|[close] I loved The Maze Runner. In fact, I haven't enjoyed a book as much since Catching Fire, book two of Suzanne Collins' Hunger Games trilogy. And for anyone that knows me, that's about as high of a review as I can give a novel.<br /><br />For the rest of you, The Maze Runner is a dystopian story that is one part Ender's Game by Orson Scott Card, and one part the aforementioned Hunger Games. It is a tightly-written, intense book that is full of tension and surprises. Author James Dasher does an excellent job of parsing out the mystery to readers, who are kept as much in the dark as the characters of his futuristic tale.<br /><br />The Maze Runner begins when Thomas awakens in a mysterious elevator. He knows his name, and that's it -- he doesn't remember his age, where he came from or where he is. He is welcomed into a strange, controlled community called The Glade, inhabited by 50 teenage boys who live and work together in the confined environment, trying to stay alive and find a way out of the massive, changing maze that surrounds their safe haven. None of them remember much about their past, either, and none of them know where they are, or why they are there.<br /><br />Thomas is strangely drawn to the maze, and quickly decides he wants to be a maze runner -- the boys selected to venture into the maze each day to try to map and solve the puzzle. The maze is miles long and full of dangerous creatures alled The Grievers, and no one has ever found a way out. But the boys have created a life and a society centered around cracking the code of the maze and getting back to their homes -- wherever they are. They follow the rules, do their jobs, and stay the course.<br /><br />Unfortunately, things quickly begin to change in the Glade. First, an elevator arrives carrying a beautiful and unconscious teenage girl -- the first female to join the community. Then, the sun goes dark. Supplies stop arriving. The gates protecting the Glade from the monsters in the maze don't roll shut at night. And suddenly, solving the secret of the maze -- and who created it -- becomes more urgent than ever.<br /><br />I was totally engrossed by The Maze Runner, and completely thrown for a loop by the genuinely surprising twist at the book's conclusion. Dashner has set the stage for a fantastic series that I predict will be the next big thing in young adult fiction. I will be counting the days until the release of book two, The Scorch Trials, in October 2010.nly, solving the secret of the maze -- and who created it -- becomes more urgent than ever.     I was totally engrossed by The Maze Runner, and completely thrown for a loop by the genuinely surprising twist at the book's conclusion. Dashner has set the stage for a fantastic series that I predict will be the next big thing in young adult fiction. I will be counting the days until the release of book two, The Scorch Trials, in October 2010.
B0024RIMBG|5.0|The DVD of Celtic Woman is great,I have several cd's and the DVD's are so wonderful. I would recomend this  DVD to anyone who truly enjoys these ladies.
B0009P66TK|5.0|I was smiling when my \\"Lefty\\" arrived and I haven't stopped smiling since.  Get a lot of positive comments from others.  The mineral (crystal) is scratch resistant (I'm hard on watches.)  Set the mini-dial second hand to the Navy Atomic Clock (official time,) and decided to sync the chronograph second hand to my school's bell (I'm a teacher.)  It is very accurate.  Overall, a Fantastic Watch!
B002HWRYJE|1.0|This film didn't really stay true to the Trek franchise, and the acting was mediocre-at best. I fell asleep on my first and second attempts to watch it before giving up. So, it may have turned out to be a good, well-developed plot with acting that improved as the film drew toward the climax, but I'll never find out.
B0026P3G12|5.0|Purchased three of Susan Boyle's DVDs--one for myself and two for gifts.  Loved the album.  Can't wait for her next release.
B000ZELISO|5.0|Very good but very dark film (literally).  Content did not follow the book very well but too late to do over.  Maybe in 20 years with new technology there will be a remake of the series.  Would love to be around to see that but guess this one will have to make do.  Can't view the Blu-ray part of this package because we don't own a player but may in the future.  Great that it had a \\"plain-ole-DVD\\" in the package.  Let us now hope that the next two films follow the book more closely.  Did they honestly think they could improve on Rowling's writing?  Thank you Amazon for the opporunity to pre-order this item.
B0000AM6IY|2.0|I purchased this movie for my sister as she loves these types of movies.  Personally, I saw it about 20 years ago and was stunned that it had won so many Oscars.  I could see that it had good music, but that was the only thing it had.  If you want to see a gang version of Romeo and Juliet, feel free.  But otherwise, STAY AWAY!
B0000640SB|5.0|Just over ten years ago I discovered what was to become one of my top ten favorite Sci-Fi movies of all time; Men In Black. Linda Florentino was hot in this, and I was amazed at how tough as nails Tommy Lee Jones could work so easily beside comedian Will Smith and both of them show how to get the job done when you're dealing with aliens from other planets. Tony Shalhoub (MONK) as Jack Jeebs is freeking hilarious and extremely well acted, Rip Torn is convincing as the agency top boss, and this may be the one and only time I will say David Cross did a great job in his role in this movie along with all of such a stellar cast throughout Men In Black. Frank the pug's, \\"If you don't like it you can kiss my hairy butt,\\" is one of the most quoted lines from any movie for the last twenty-five years, and while I'm busy here telling you how much I like this movie, the sequel 'MIB II' is just as great. Get them both. If you like Sci-Fi at all, you'll love this movie.
B0000TLA9G|3.0|The songs in the beginning are great then it gets boring. I had an album of theirs years ago and I thought this one was it, but it wasn't. So my search continues. This one is not worth the money.
B00004VVND|5.0|Yul Brynner gives a bone-chilling superb performance as the bad guy who just won't go away. The sets are as good as any 1973 western film ever put together and then some, since this is meant to double as a sci-fi film too. Richard Benjamin and James Brolin play a couple of unsuspecting saps who are our two visiting tourists who just want to have fun, and find out computer technology doesn't always do what you tell it to do. Who ever would have thought a western theme movie would have Nurse Chapel from the original Star Trek series (Majel Barrett) playing in it as a saloon madame. But then I guess if Dick Van Patten can end up being the town Sheriff then why not? What a hoot. You'll be mesmerized by the story, dazzled by special effects that are amazing for over 36 years ago's efforts, and no doubt at first wish you could find a place to vacation at like Westworld - that is until the movie shares the dangerous possibilities when things go horribly wrong with the robotics characters. This movie was in my VHS collection and is now in my DVD collection. Beginning to end, I like this movie and none of the sequels ever measured up anywhere even close to the impact Westworld had on its viewers. I saw this movie years ago, and am happy to say I recommend it still today with a big enthusiastic smile and give it a nod.  Buy it.
B002VKE0XA|1.0|This movie almost bored me to death. If you enjoy watching other people sleep, then this movie is for you. If you suffer from insomnia take 20 minutes of Paranormal Activity and thank me in the morning. Save your money, and just watch paint dry.
0380730405|5.0|Daphne du Maurier has the talent to engulf you in her own mysterious world.  With complete mastry of her own plot, she manages to captivate her reader till the very end of her book.  I loved her books, and \\"Rebecca\\" is her masterpiece. I really couldn't put down the book until I reached the last page.
B001G8XON0|5.0|I was fortunate to see this in the theaters, or I may never have stuck with it long enough to find out how amazing the story and the movie are. If you have not seen this one, I recommend you try it.  And if you do, make sure to watch for more than the first 20 minutes... when I first saw it, the beginning seemed so frantic and the pace was so quick, I thought it was little more than a quirky music video.  I was ready to walk out.    But if you stay with it until the \\"poetry reading\\" scene, you'll probably be hooked by the story and the humor of it!  This is definitely one of those movies that was made boldly, and people either love or hate it - very few shrug their shoulders and say \\"It was okay.\\"  I think it's one of the great stories/movies of the past decade.    The film makes VERY unusual use of music and lyrics, and the result gives the love story an emotional impact far beyond most other great movie love stories.  And the dazzling visual style \\"wows me\\" over and over.  Often, being aware of a \\"visual style\\" in a movie is a sign that a director is more interested in impressing us with his/her clever movie-making than in telling a compelling story.  If a \\"dazzling\\" visual style of a film distracts me from the story, I will dislike the visual style for interfering.  But in the case of Moulin Rouge, I found the style and the visual elements added very significantly to the emotional impact of the story.    It's one of the best and boldest movies I have seen in recent years, and one of the very few that I find myself re-watching every year or two.
B0000265HP|5.0|I gave this cd to my 15 year old sister for Christmas. Exactly what she asked for! Brand new like described. Very happy with product! Will do business with again!!!A+
B0029NY9Y4|5.0|I know nothing about Watchmen, before the movie I'd never heard of them but this was the best comic movie in my short two decades. Maybe it's like other reviewers have said, I had to preconceived ideas about how everything should look and I could just enjoy this, but I don't think that does this justice.    The characters are brutally human and honestly portrayed, they are complicated and endearing, and the actors playing just are them.The fighting is gruesome and usually that's not my thing but here it fits. I didn't know what would happen next, and that is a treat, it wasn't formulaic like so many others, at the end I felt satisfied, normally I'm thinking, \\"so that's it...really\\".    It was long, in a good way, it took as long as it needed to tell a good story! Most movies spend so much time playing catch up for the new comers you never tell a good story, not here, back-stories are revealed throughout while movie's own story develops.    I think any comic fan will see this and find something about it that speaks to them. There are no saints here, just men, flawed men with best and worst of intentions, there's sex, violence and you'll love every minute of it, wishing your fandom was with good!
B00005JLWN|1.0|I sent an email asking about my product because it had not arrived yet, never recieved a response. Amazon had to refund my money! Will not do business with again, was supposed to be a christmas present!
B0019BI1FA|5.0|It's nearly impossible to believe that just a century and a few decades ago, people lived, dressed, behaved, spoke as they are portrayed in these four opulent productions of works by Oscar Wilde. But one can't help wondering if they were even half as witty and self-possessed as the characters of Wilde's imagination. Even the dullest duchess is granted a witticism now and then, that has me snatching up my notebook to record it for future recycling. I suppose Wilde must have scribbled such spontaneous repartee on the lining of his velvet jacket, for eventual condensation in dramatic form. I've known some rapier-sharp gay blades here and there, but none with as polished an edge as the typical dissolute dilettante of Wilde's wild imagination.<br /><br />They were a handsome race of people, Wilde's upper-crust Brits in their finery, though perhaps that's a 'willing suspension' of disbelief based on the art of casting and costuming. In effect, it's a tribute to the skillful acting of every figure in these BBC productions, that they all seem utterly plausible as Victorian Britons. Their style, their wit, their sense of 'comme il faut', is such that it makes our current mode seem hideously drab and lax. Yes, yes, \\"they\\" were the few, amid throngs of drudges and destitute, and I have no particular desire to dress my wife and daughters (the latter imaginary) in corsets and bustles, or myself in a frock coat, but it does seem that we've \\"let ourselves go\\". I fear Oscar Wilde would find us dreadfully lackluster.<br /><br />These four adaptations are a lot of fun, and a blessed relief from \\"action\\" films and vampire romance.
0316096199|4.0|\\"Lucky\\" is a brutally honest, fascinating account of a rape and its aftermath.  Sebold is a true hero in that she compromised her own chances for happiness to convict a serial rapist, thereby saving many others.  Sebold's friend is later raped, in an attack which is unlikely to be a coincidence.  Her friend has no interest in prosecution or in anything but forgetting the incident, and to Sebold, from the outside looking in, her friend's approach results in greater peace of mind.     Sebold is ultimately diagnosed with post traumatic stress disorder and apparently recovers, but the happier times occur after the book ends (see dedication to her husband and afterword).  Sebold is helped by various friends during her years of travail, mostly male friends, but she cannot summon much warmth except for two professors; an assistant DA and others in the legal system; and an aged war  veteran.
0452284392|5.0|This is an excellent read. It isn't filled with much technical speak and is written in a very easy to read manner. The flow of the book is also very good.<br /><br />I found this book far more enjoyable than 'Sync' which I found hard to follow at times, even though both books deal with similiar subject material. Barabasi has created something here that anyone can read and understand.<br /><br />In summary the book looks at network theory and the discoveries that have been made recently that change the manner in which we consider all sorts of networks are constructed. Barabasi shows how networks like the Web are created based on link popularity and how the Web is not a random place at all as most people believe. He also explains why only 40% or so of the Web is actually indexed by search engines and even though the Web is a great place to post your information the chances are that it makes not difference if it is there or not unless it is linked. His notion of scale networks and hub is extremely compelling and interesting.<br /><br />If you are interested in networking in nature or man made then this book is for you. It is extremely well written, easy to understand yet totally engaging. Highly recommended.
B000JQUMPI|5.0|I loved this book when I first read it as a girl and I loved it even more the second time when I read it as an adult.  Meg, Jo, Beth and Amy became like sisters to me as I read and I miss them now that I am through reading!
B002VPE1AM|5.0|Avatar is an example of amazing film making trumping skillful storytelling. Its plot is wafer-thin; a cadre of human scientists use some highfallutin scientific process to become avatars (carbon copies) of the Na'vi, a peaceful society living on the remote planet Pandora, in the hopes of enticing them away from their mineral-rich home. This outline forms the playground where James Cameron has allowed his imagination to go nuts, to wondrous results. Every frame is filled to the edges with unsurpassed special effects, creating a gorgeous yet somehow realistic world- and that isn't easy to do with glow-in-the-dark plants and phosphorescent dirt. The characters are thin but interesting enough to keep us involved in the story, and the picture is constantly dotted with exciting sequences that take your breath away. Themes such as the futility of war and the necessity of \\"going green\\" are obvious throughout the film, but there are also subtle underlying lessons about man's tenuous relationship with the environment which I personally found most interesting. In the end this is a thoroughly entertaining sci-fi masterpiece that reinvigorates and redefines the genre, and has enough heart and spectacle to interest the most jaded of moviegoers. Sort of like Titanic.
B001QWBM62|4.0|Recording devices have been part of my life since I was a kid. Tiny reel to reel recorders, cassette, big reel to reel machines, VHS format,DAT, ADAT, hard disk systems, the list is still growing.     Now what we've got here is damn near a studio in your pocket. Up to 24bit resolution, phantom power to run better mics than the on board ones. Or you can go 'line in' from a board, or plug in an instrument. Did I mention it fits in your pocket?  This rascal is very useful and can't be easier to use.  I've been recording live shows with it for the last month. Satisfaction meter is at full deflection. It comes with CuBase which provides hours of fun and frustration.    Dislikes are, the 90 to 120 degree pickup pattern on the mics is useless. Why they even tried to do it this way is beyond me. The mic stand adaptor should be a shock mount type, not a stand in for a microphone body that slips into a mic clip. Better storage case would be nice as well.    Overall good, useful, feature laden tool at a reasonable price musicians should not be without.
0385342020|5.0|I just finished this book this morning, and I LOVED it!  I have read all of Sophie Kinsella's other books, and this was my favorite.  It was the only book I have ever decided to review on this website since I loved it so much.  When I first saw that her new book was going to be a \\"ghost story,\\" I was not thrilled.  I would not have considered myself a fan of such topics, but decided to ask for it as a Christmas present (that way I wasn't wasting my own money.)  I found myself engaged from the first chapter.  The characters were wonderfully developed and the plot came together very nicely. Each chapter left you wanting more. I am so sad it is over.  Great job, Sophie!
B001IAOEXU|5.0|I always thought that these buttons on the PS3 controller were a bit awkward. I'm not sure how they missed it in the original design, but these trigger attachments turn the controller into what it should have been.    Before ordering I was slightly concerned that they wouldn't stay on, but that has not been a problem so far. They have even stayed on when the controller was dropped. Highly recommended!!!
0060763280|5.0|[[ASIN:0060763280 Secrets of the Millionaire Mind: Mastering the Inner Game of Wealth]]<br /><br />This book has become a classic because the \\"secrets\\" really do work. T. Harv Eker in his seminars will tell you that he has drawn from the great teachers that came before him from Napolean Hill to Robert Kyosaki,to Steven Covey and Wallace Wattles, Werner Erhard and Stuart Wilde to name a few. What this book does it puts all of those teachings together along with Harv's own perspectives and  real life experience of having gone from a failed entrepreneur to a very successful and financially free entrepreneur and what it takes to make that happen. The book is a tool to get you the life you really want but you must put it into action.<br /><br />In The Secrets of a Millionaire Mind, T.Harv Eker talks about our money blueprint set up for us from our histories, from the messages we were given about money as children.  AS Harv say,  \\"Your roots create your fruits, so if you want a peach tree you cannot begin with an onion.\\"<br /><br />And so it is. You can be rich or you can be right. Knock this book or buy it and see for yourself. You won't be sorry if you want a richer life. (One of the secrets is that this book is about having a richer life.)<br /><br />At the Millionaire Mind Intensive Seminars, which you can attend with the certificate in the book, you are given the opportunity to learn the importance of giving a lot of value, going for what you want and being proud of sharing what you have and getting paid for it so that you can get rich and give back in a world that needs for you to be rich rather than being right.
B002R68U7K|5.0|There are some great remixes on this release. I have all her CDs so I just downloaded the mp3 remixes.  Nice addition to my iPod.
0765350386|5.0|Summary (4.25 stars):  ---------------------  Mistborn is the first book of a trilogy set in an interesting and novel mileu.  The world is a world of some novel forms of magic which make for interesting stories, characters and action sequences.  The plot revolves around a group of high-powered thieves, con people and Allomancers (can \\"burn\\" metal to make specific magical effects) who are trying to overthrow / kill the High Lord.  The High Lord is a tyrannt with unparelled powers and impressive cruelty.  The story also brings in some economics to the story in a similar way as \\"The Count of Monte Cristo\\".    World Setting (4.5 stars):  --------------------------  The world setting is a world that something very bad happened a thousand years ago (the \\"Deepening\\") nearly destroying the world.  The First Lord was considered the \\"Hero of Ages\\" as he was prohosiesd that he would save the world from the evil/\\"Deepening\\".  It is not clear what the first lord did but he stopped the destruction of the world.  However, the world now has little sun light during the day and nearly continious ash raining down on the world.      The magic system of the world revolves around the use of metal.  Certain metals can be used to generated specific effects -- some physical, some temporal, some emotional.  Allomancers are able to burn/use one or more metals -- either one metal or all the metals.  The people able to burn all metals are called Mistborn.  There is another type of use Feruchemist who can store things into the metal for later use.  The use of Allomancer abilities is quite creative and opens a world of possibilities that the author does a good job of using to keep the plot and action fresh and crisp.    The world is controlled by the First Lord who oversees the aristocracy which controls the skaa (slave population).  The Skaa have no rights at all.  The cruelty of the aristocracy and the First Lord are dramatic and hard to read at times.  They are good villians.  There are several interesting political groups in the government which do a good job of fostering political intrigue among the various elements.    Characters (4 stars):  ---------------------  The characters are well developed through effective prose, good interactions and a wide range of actions.  The characters initially seem to be a bit architypal but I think the author had to do that to get pasted the world definition part of the book.  The main characters are part of a thieving crew set out to overthrow the First Lord's government.  The leader, Kelsier, is an idealistic Mistborn focused on revenge which he covers in a Skaa rebellion/rights.  Kelsier is a very well done anti-hero which you get to like but he is cold-hearted killer.  Vin is a skaa who is drafted into the thieving crew as a latent Mistborn who is trained by Kelsier.  She is a very interesting character with torn allegiances been Skaa and a few aristocrats (love and politcal interest).  The other members of the thieving crew are well done but get much less development.      A few of the aristocracy are developed including the love interest of Vin.  The aristoracry is well done but reminds me a bit of the drow elven culture.  There is a definite similarity to the rules of this world to the controllers of drow houses.    Plot (4 to 4.5 stars):  ----------------------  The plot for the book is simply -- start a skaa revolution, take control of the empire's capital, overthrow the aristocracy and the First Lord.  It is the French Revolution put into the novel world developed by the author.  There are many well concieved and executed sub-plots that keep you want to read on late into the night.    Action (4.5 stars):  -------------------  The action sequences are well done.  The initial training and fight sequences for Allomancers are very detailed but that is to help define what Allomancy can do.  The level of detail is scaled back appropriately to keep things move quickly but still exciting.  The action varies from individuals to large squad combats.  The action avoids big long drawn out fight descriptions which can get repetitive if done too often in a book.    Prose (4 stars):  ----------------  The author is a good to very good writer.  The prose style is varied through out the book to help set the tone, dramatic elements and world definition.  The prose is effective but has good descriptive elements.    The author uses quotations at the beginning of each chapter to help define the world, political views and define the \\"Hero of Ages\\" as a juxiposition to the First Lord.  The quotations are effective and well placed.
B002VKE1K2|1.0|First off, I'm glad they showed every bit of action the movie had in the advertisements, so there was no real surprises.    I can't believe anyone would find this scary, it was as boring as the Blair Witch Project, that was also supposed to be terrifying...    If the Blair Witch movie scared you, this might be your movie, if the Blair Witch movie disappointed you, save your time and money on this one...
B0024FAR5M|5.0|This is an excellent series!  I have recently begun watching SOA, and purchased Season One to catch up on the hisory of the series.  I am pleased with the complete set and look forward to Season Two when it is available on DVD.
031606792X|5.0|I loved the way this final book in the saga tied up SO many loose ends.  Unexpected twists and turns meet you in each section.  Steph did a wonderful job wrapping up the story that made us all love her characters.    Whether Breaking Dawn is truly the finale or she continues the story at some point in the future, I'm a fan.
B002GJT4YQ|5.0|The fine people at Warner Brothers have done a very good job with this box set. I have both year 1 and year 2 as they were released at the same time.  The picture and sound quality are great. The main feature is on the first disc (theatrical and extended versions) and it is a little confusing that some of the material is on standard dvd, and it is EVEN more confusing to read that some of the extras which are very well done are not on any of these discs!  But the special documentary created for the Blu-ray ultimate editions is wonderful and well worth it.  If you are a completist this set will leave you scratching your head. But if you just enjoy the films then these boxed sets should find their way into your collection at some point.  Notice I did not even mention the extra booklet, or trading cards which are also in the box.
044654146X|3.0|Well researched and written, but almost comes across as propaganda with all of the ra-ra Israel cheerleading. The book is written as an analysis into the drivers of exceptional economic growth, but falls flat as I found the book to be dismissive of reasons behind any non-Israel country's growth. While the individual growth stories and anecdotes are intriguing, the author struggles in taking the lessons and weaving them into the overall thesis. I'd say it is more Compilation of Great Israel Business Stories than The Story of Israel's Economic Miracle.
B002VECMAY|5.0|***spoiler alert***<br /><br />George Clooney plays Ryan Bingham, a hatchet man for hire, traveling the country delivering the bad news to employees whose own bosses are too spineless to do the deed themselves.  The movie plays on themes of loyalty and rootlessness and Clooney, playing to type, is perfect for the role.  A man who is more at home in airports and hotels than with his own family, he has a obsessive loyalty to a particular airline with whom he is trying to reach the arbitrary goal of 10 million miles traveled.<br /><br />Bingham is an anti-hero, if ever there was one.  He has a next door neighbor with whom he has a sexual \\"understanding.\\"  He enjoys his job of delivering bad news to folks with a human touch, but with no desire to spend more than ten minutes of his life with them.  There is some hope for Bingham developing into an actual human being, via a relationship with another travel addicted businesswoman Alex(played perfectly by Vera Farmiga) but that is dashed when Bingham discovers that the road warrior has a family back at home in Chicago.<br /><br />This is NOT a family movie.  There are some incredibly vulgar scenes, and some brief nudity.  I watched this with my wife and mother-in-law and the scene where Bingham is exchanging text messages with his fling, Alex made me more than a little uncomfortable.  It was filthy, and unnecessary.<br /><br />This movie is about the exploration of a philosophy- that of rootless hedonism.  What is community?  What is home?  What makes us human?  It is our relationships with  others that define us, and this movie shows us what a completely pompous jerk a man can be when he has none of those ties.<br /><br />The soundtrack is exceptional, and as with Reitman's other films, worth putting in your collection even before the DVD of the film itself.
B001TH16DS|5.0|I was 10 years old when this show premiered, and it definately changed my life.  Never been a dvd collector, but I decided to revisit TOS in Blue-Ray.  OMG, what a striking difference!  Not only am I enjoying history breaking sci-fi, but the picture quality is remarkable.  Well worth buying.
1439138311|2.0|I would have enjoyed this novel when I was 12 or 13 years old, but was disappointed by its endless stream of short declarative sentences and its lack of authentic character development. The story could have been interesting if any of the plot points had been developed; for example, a woman who wants to work rather than marry; an Irish woman learning about the Holocaust for the first time; the tension between Irish and Italian Catholics despite their shared religion; or the difficulty in making a choice between one's family obligations and personal fulfillment.     \\"Brooklyn\\" also fails to capture the feeling of either rural Ireland or urban Brooklyn in the 1950's. I would have liked a more thorough exploration of Nelly Kelly's grocery store, or either of the Catholic churches, and what they meant to the characters. The department store was interesting as an early site of African-American economic importance, but the description lacked the vitality that a truly great novelist can convey. I am thinking of the scene in \\"Middlesex\\" when Jeffrey Eugenides describes the factory floor in Detroit, and the words have the rhythm of the assembly line. Colm Toibin is no Jeffrey Eugenides!    This might be a good book to read aloud to a pre-teen or young teenager, and then have in-depth discussions about the issues that are raised. I can imagine listening to it during a long car trip with my teenage sons, when it would give us the basis for discussions about history, culture, religion, and feminism.    If you're looking for a book that will engage you and change your life, I recommend \\"Sacred Hunger\\", \\"Middlesex\\", or even \\"The Pursuit of Love.\\" In each of these cases, there is more substance, and the writing is superior to that of \\"Brooklyn\\".
B000ZECQ08|5.0|I had added this one to my collection... very different for all of the Harry Potter movies I have seen... but is a great movie...
0316069906|5.0|I've read a number of anti-meat books, and have tried over the years to be vegetarian (for a variety of different reasons), but this is the first book I've read on factory farming.  I had no idea.  I guess in a sort of mindless way, I may have known that there was some assembly line mentality used these days in meat production, but this book revealed to me an absolutely horrendous set of practices.  After reading it, I can't remain true to myself (seeing myself as a decent, ethical person) and eat factory farmed animals.  Sure, chicken, salmon, steak all taste good -- but such suffering!!  It's not worth it.<br /><br />  I think this book is fair, too.  I liked that the author included sections on farmers and slaughterers that are trying to use more traditional, humane methods.  And I also loved the \\"voice\\" of this author.  I liked everything about how this book was done.<br /><br />  But I'll never, ever be able to eat meat or meat products again.
044656740X|1.0|This book is a vastly simplistic and, in parts, highly emotive look at attitudes to risk and societal duty. In it Kiyosaki fawns over the speculative capitalism of his hero father-figure while deriding the steady work and social ethic of his own father, by implication, demonstrating his own attitudes to society. It's a highly simplistic collection of stories that might be useful for the education of pre-teens if not for the fact that Kiyosaki claims to have made his wealth by following the example of the man he wishes were his father: Engaging in speculation.    Any real rich father would inform their children (or fawning neighbour child) that frugal living and safe investment is the key to remaining 'old money'. The dreamers engage in speculative endeavours over an extended period, but the law of probability dictates that the vast majority will loose in the end, some very badly. Moral arguments vs. Milton Friedman (and in 2010 there are many) aside, no serious investor calls speculation 'investing', even actual itself investing is fraught with peril, just ask any banker or quantitative analyst. Yet, even the term 'compound interest' doesn't make an appearance in this book.    Ultimately this purple paperback with dollar signs on the cover and a simplistic title should be a dead give away. But, if you are curious, like I was, it will tell you more about the mind of an American salesman than anything else, and a salesman is exactly what Kiyosaki is.    This book dangles the irresponsible notion that you can be rich through speculation and a can-do attitude. You cannot. In fact that is one of the quickest ways to bankruptcy. If you're looking for a way to gain wealth take a course in finance and business at your local university. After that get a better paying job or start an enterprise that requires little to no capital while you continue to earn a living, when you have two sources of income, invest in riskier enterprises, but always do an NPV calculation and properrisk analysis. Always be prepared to work hard and fail, never gamble on your future, ever. Anything less (for example wasting money on this book) and you're just not serious.    Having said that, making a living and building a retirement fund is one thing, but I can think of no worse way to squander youth that to waste it chasing riches.
B001IAOEXU|5.0|Finally came in. I understand that things take time to come in the mail and things get lost so once they did come in I was very excited to finally get them. They really make games that use those buttons better. When ever i get a controller I automatically order these because they make that big of a difference.      side note: when submitting this review section 2 ask how much fun is this game? and how do you rate this game over all? I think it should say product not game but over all it is an excellent \\"game\\"
B001FB55I0|1.0|Who is this McG dude again? Oh right, he's some douche bag with a ridiculous moniker (McG??????) and has only directed a handful of movies and a couple rap videos. Yep, that's right, we have a guy with almost no experience in film directing a film in a franchise that's very easy to screw up: Terminator. And you know something's up when T3, which was also a piece of crap, starts looking like a good movie in comparison to the newest crappy entry in the series.<br /><br />Christian Bale is in this movie, which is unfortunately a missed opportunity as well. It's no wonder he had a meltdown on the set of this movie- nobody can blame him. This movie is pure muck. I saw this on opening weekend, and walked away as satisfied as much as I was when seeing \\"9\\" (in other words, not satisfied). Like I mentioned before, this is a very easy franchise to f--k up, and McG did just that.<br /><br />There's literally nothing to spoil in here. There's basically no plot except something about protecting the universe. The action scenes are very poorly done, with the shaky camera and quick cutting (WHEN WILL DIRECTORS STOP SHAKING THE GODDAMN CAMERA!!!!!!). I could hardly tell what was going on. The acting is awful- except for the excellent performance by Anton Yelchin, who is someone I don't usually like. But even he can't save the movie from sucking out loud. And Sam Worthington is a wasted opportunity here- he was AMAZING in Avatar, and horrible in this too... also, I'm a real Bonham-Carter fanboy, yet she even sucked in this too. The dialogue is terrible (\\"We have won the battle, but we haven't won the war\\"??? I think I heard that on an episode of Power Rangers). Yep, you guessed it, this movie sucks out loud.<br /><br />IN TOTAL<br />Violence: Headache/10<br />Sex: 0/10<br />McG: What an idiot/10<br /><br />***Approach with caution***
0385504225|1.0|I have read and enjoyed all other DB books..this one was terrible....nothing but a bow to Freemasonry and noetic \\"science\\" - I use that term very loosely.  I only finished the book because a friend recommended it.  The characters are contrived..I can only think that he spat this out for the $$$.
B000EGDB10|1.0|Mission Impossible TV Series had some bad chapters especially during  the Sixth and Seventh Seasons. However, these Episodes were much  better than this Film starring Tom Cruise. This is really a horrible  movie.
B002HWRYJE|3.0|I think it is very tricky to write a Star Trek movie because if you stick with the original Enterprise crew you are critiqued for re-hashing and when you vary from the main story-line the fans aren't satisfied.  That is probably why there are a lot of reviews for this film that either love it or hate it.<br /><br />Like other reviewers I wanted to love it after hearing good things.<br /><br />The good:  Zachary Quinto as young Spock, Zoe Saldana as Uhura, Eric Bana as Nero.  The Romulan Ship. The explanation of Uhura's job description as xenolinguist. The early Spock story. Simon Pegg's \\"Scotty\\" accent and dialect. There were a couple of good lines, particularly for the young Spock.  Uhura and Spock having an academy romance--this was a nice touch.<br /><br />The Bad:  the story was just lame and silly. Kirk was written as a lout who gets into trouble all the time and then gets out of it because he is really smart. Rodenberry and Shatner's version was passionate and intuitive but also refined and dignified. Pine was just not charismatic enough to carry off this \\"loose cannon\\" Kirk.  Also, the script expected us to believe that all the main characters got together while in the Academy and then just stayed together on the Enterprise--no more training for them! And that Kirk became a captain before finishing school. Come on.  Starfleet has always been portrayed as having high standards--not anymore, apparently.<br /><br />The Ugly:  I think that Starfleet would not have allowed a cadet to bellow racial epithets (pointy eared hob-goblin indeed!)like Bones did to Spock in this movie. Yes, in the original Bones did say this type of thing but in private to Spock or under his breath--it was all part of a disagreement approaches to problem-solving as opposed to appearance.  Also--why blow up planet Vulcan and most of the Vulcan race as part of a plot point?  Not necessary!<br /><br />Okay, I could go on but I want to say that I understand that there was some emotional coherence to the way the early versions of the characters related and I think this is what fans are enjoying. I understand that but it was not enough to grab me.the characters related and I think this is what fans are enjoying. I understand that but it was not enough to grab me.
B002VKE0XA|1.0|I would give it half a star if it was available.  You see nothing scary from beginning to the last 5 minutes til the end.  Even then, you like, 'that's it?!' That's right, that's it.  Don't buy into the hype.  The film is so shallow and not even scary.   Anyone who thinks the film is scary is a novice to scary movie.   Want real scare, go get The Exorcist.
B000001EUN|5.0|Lady Starlight, Falling in Love and when you can end an album full of hits / classics w/ Aniaml Magnetism, score!!
B0013D8LCW|5.0|I was at first skeptical of this movie (another coming of age/ brokeback style movie). But after watching it I fell in love with it. The actors bring a simple honesty to the movie and the scenery is gorgeous. I would highly recommend this movie.
B002PMV9FG|5.0|The movie Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince is another great movie about Harry Potter.  I have read all of the books and (as usual with movies) the movie is not as good as the book, but is still a great movie.  Movies always have to leave so much out to fit everything in the time permitted.  The Harry Potter movies do a good job of getting as much as they can into the movies made from the books, though.  I definitely would recommend watching the movie, but I also recommend READING all of the books!
B002N57KG2|5.0|This is a crazy movie and was perfect back in the early '80s. We watched it many times back in the day and had lots of laughs. Done in the style of Smokey and the Bandit (Burt Reynolds was in both) this film has a ton of stars in the role of speed junkies that will stop at nothing to win a non-stop cross-country race. It's all in the spirit of fun and good times. I hadn't seen this movie for decades and it was a real joy to view again. It looks good on my HDTV, and I had forgotten many of the classic, funny scenes. I really enjoyed this trip down memory lane and seeing actors like Dom DeLuise (who unfortunately died in 2009) acting their best. The outtakes at the end of the movie are priceless. You'll want to watch this movie more than once to catch all the fast paced comedy.
0739383728|3.0|I love running and I love the IDEA of this book, but what the hell is the author talking about half the time?! Oh, how I wish Christopher McDougall would just talk normal English so I could enjoy what is, in essence, a good book. The language he uses to describe his characters and the story is not only dense and confusing, it is often downright annoying! As a Brit, I don't like all the over-the-top exaggeration, either. Maybe that's a cultural thing, but still the problem with the hyperbole - which several reviewers mention - is that the REALLY great feats in the book and the memorable characters get lost. Everything is, like, 'a super-amazing freak-show awe-inspiring kinda guy' or 'to put the Leadville into perspective, it's like racing to the moon in slippers' (that kind of thing). Apart from the style and language, it's a good book but I find the lack of photos suspicious. Why are there no photos of thes amazing things? Hmmmmmmm. In conclusion, would be a brilliant book if you could understand what the author is talking about and if he toned down his annoying use of hyperbole.
B00006CXGH|4.0|Before River Phoenix's untimely drug overdose death in 1993, he had made several great films including Stand By Me and My Private Idaho. While this film is not considered one of his best, I think it's a great '80s film that showcases his talents very well. In this story Jeff (Little Nikita) must come to grips with the fact that his parents are Russian spies, who have been laying low all these years waiting for their call to duty. When it finally comes, his parents have no interest anymore in the spy business and refuse to be activated. Jeff is kidnapped by a Russian spy and the chase is on by his parents and the FBI to get him back safe. Sidney Poitier plays a convincing FBI agent. This movie would no doubt be enjoyed more by older people who grew up during the cold war.
055380684X|5.0|I love reading books that pull together ideas and experiences I've noticed in my own life but I've just never quite been able to describe what is going on.  The Talent Code is such a book.  I have had deja vu moments on nearly every page.  I'm looking forward to reading it again and using what I've learned from it in my business and family relationships.  Highly reccommended!
B002T9H2ME|5.0|In reading the volume of negative and average reviews here and elsewhere I think everyone (that is interested in this film anyway) should give this a watch in Blu then check out the supplements, especially those parties that have some nagging questions about the unexplained elements.<br /><br />The BD is transferred eloquently, with all of the shortcomings (in my view the sets and props added the exact \\"atmosphere\\" the director was shooting for and explains in the Q&A and commentaries) captured in original production being preserved perfectly here. Yes, the surface sets and CGI used with the harvester's moondust look noticeably bad, but there are plenty of plot points and a performance strength to make up for it. The clarity in most of the film is competent, with almost a pinnacle in seeing an \\"invisible\\" prop - the shower scene his polyclear bikini is obvious. The sound is a valid DTS with some variant usage off screen (reference the scene where GERTY is talking live to command). The supplements are thorough and include:<br /><br />* Commentary by four of the staff. See below.<br />* Commentary by two of the staff (director Jones and producer Fenegen). I much preferred this one, it had a great deal more material that I enjoy about logistics and behind the scenes stuff. Plus only two guys were talking or interacting which is better than four vying for talk time on a quiet film like this.<br />* Whistle, a short film by Jones, 28 minutes. A decent little piece for being a first time project.<br />* Making of, 16:18 minutes. A lodef interview laden set with all of the main staff and cast.<br />* Creating the effects, 11:09 minutes. Gives some good insight on the robot (Gerty), the moondust, vehicles and such.<br />* Science Center Q&A, 20:48 minutes. Jones being interviewed by a group of people in March 2009. Roughly 20 questions ranging from hidden themes, subtexts, a sequel, unanswered plot points and assorted fun stuff. For those having issue with certain outcomes, or mysterious story lines - this actually answers almost all of them - Jones' demeanor was much more  relaxed here than in the Sundance footage.<br />* Sundance Q&A at Moon premiere, 11:15 minutes. Rockwell shows his grace in letting it be all about the staff here, but I felt this was his film hands down - wish he would have talked more.<br />* BD Live, nothing new, just the standard 100 points for registering your disc at Sony.<br /><br />A solid performance film for Rockwell, hope he gets some acknowledgment down the road. The BD is not stellar as the original product was not there to reference, but still a worthy watch - an owner for me not a renter. The MPAA rating is incorrect as it should be R for brief nudity, language and one sexual situation as I found playing it in the store had a couple people all fussy (I don't care about the language but I guess Rockwell's behind and him working his wife in bed caught a few eyes, whatever). Enjoy.tually answers almost all of them - Jones' demeanor was much more  relaxed here than in the Sundance footage.  * Sundance Q&A at Moon premiere, 11:15 minutes. Rockwell shows his grace in letting it be all about the staff here, but I felt this was his film hands down - wish he would have talked more.  * BD Live, nothing new, just the standard 100 points for registering your disc at Sony.    A solid performance film for Rockwell, hope he gets some acknowledgment down the road. The BD is not stellar as the original product was not there to reference, but still a worthy watch - an owner for me not a renter. The MPAA rating is incorrect as it should be R for brief nudity, language and one sexual situation as I found playing it in the store had a couple people all fussy (I don't care about the language but I guess Rockwell's behind and him working his wife in bed caught a few eyes, whatever). Enjoy.
B0029LHW4U|2.0|This is much more like AIC's later stuff than their first 2 CD's.  Too bad, because the writing could have been a lot better.  It's not the absence of Layne Staley that makes this a disappointment, but rather the poor to average quality of the songs.
B002ONC9MS|4.0|Superb!  Wonderful story, excellent acting (unexpected performance from Peter Saarsgard), surprise appearance from Emma Thompson in a supporting role (I am guilty of adoring her - she can do no wrong in my book, even in Harry Potter.)<br /><br />I typically love English coming of age stories and this is why, they do not disappoint. What a treat - great story telling infused with the credibility of fine acting and accesorized with vistas from the English countryside and Paris.<br /><br />The lead actress is a better version of Katie Holmes at her age, I think she is headed for great things. She has truly mastered the ability to both play an intellectually superior and tenderly cocky adolescent - most often with facial expression- but equally be a fragile child in the presence of Peter's character. Ah-ha and I just looked her up after writing that, she was nominated for a Golden Globe for this role. :)<br /><br />This is an enjoyable film for anyone with an interest in the topic.
044661758X|5.0|Michael Connelly is the best in this genre. After reading all Harry Bosch books several times, I have reached a conclusion that this is the pinnacle of the popular Harry Bosch series. The characters and plot are so realistic, you'd think you know them in person. I can't complement enough about this book. I keep buying his new books but they are somehow sterile and processed compared to his earlier work. Here in this book, you can smell the odor of the LA street, porn shop, courtroom and Bosch himself.
6300267997|5.0|i enjoyed this movie from start to the near end. the ending was plausible, but a bit of a downer. i would have done a different ending, good movie, great soundtrack.
